MISS ANGEL. By Miss Thackekay. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] Chapter XXIX. One by one the spectators of this strange little tragedy took their leave as specta tors do. The play being over, they re turned to their own interests. All that evening Angel and her father sat by the fire in the studio silent, but not unmind ful of each other's presence. Little Rosa was quietly playing in a corner alone. Angel held her father's horned old hand in her soft fingers. They had had a long talk together ; she had been quite open to him, and without disguise. Those well-meant deceits, those agonis ing suppressions by which people try to save others from pain — are they worth the grief they occasion 1 Very often the sense of confidence and security far out balances any pain of frankness and even of condemnation expressed. A father does not utterly resent any misfortune, however greatly to be de plored, by which his daughter is doomed to remain at his side. John Joseph held the pretty hand with its pointed fingers, and looked at it with fatherly eyes. 'This is a painter's hand,' he said, with a kind little caressing tap. ' Where is thy cameo ring, Angel, that the Lady Ambassadress gave thee 1 ' ' How can I tell you where it is ?' said Angel, with a sudden burst of feeling. ' M. De Horn took it away ; he did not give it back to me. How can I tell you where he is ? How shall I ever know where he is again?' The old man knew not what to say to comfort her ; he could only mutely caress the poor little trembling hand. Angelica felt that the truth had now been owned. Now there was no longer anything to conceal, and any truth faith fully faced is strength in itself. But then it must be the whole truth, and not a half truth. She told herself, and she told the old man simply, that her life waa spoiled, that she aould not feel that vows spoken with all sincerity and seriousness were broken because circumstances had changed. She regretted it all, but there could be no change ; she was convinced of this. ' If I had not been sincere in my feel ing for that man, what excuse should I have had, father '' said she. ' It came to me suddenly ; but it was no imagina tion. While he lives I shall ever feel bound to him. What excuse had I but my sincerity 1' It waa in vain old Eauffmann expostu lated. Angelica shook her head sadly. After this Angel fell into a strange in describable state of morbid despair. Her nobler nature was no longer called upon to act, her commonplace every-day self failed to endure the daily pricks aud the stings of pity, of officious sympathy and half -concealed curiesity ; she knew net how to bear it all. If she had not prayed with all her heart for direction, she once said to her self, she could have better borne to be disgraced, to be ashamed of her actions, to be branded, so it seemed to her for life. And yet she had only prayed to be helped to do right. She had not asked to be spared suffering. Her prayer had not been so fruitless as she imagined. That for which they all blamed and pitied her, for which she blamed herself, reflecting the minds of those she trusted, was not perhaps that in her conduct which most deserved con demnation. Her whole nature seemed changed. She, who had courted attention, now shrank from notice with sensitive terror. In after days she used to look back with strange pity and wonder at these sad and miserable times ; but, seen by the light of a brighter future, those old days looked different, nor could she ever quite remember their full depth of bitter dull ness. Even to remember is scarcely pos sible, to put oneself back is sometimes a feat almost as difficult as to put oneself forward. Some one once showed me a drawing of Mendelssohn's. He had sketched his friend's house in loving re membrance of the hours he had spent there. *' It is wonderfully accurate,' said the lady who had preserved the pic ture ; ' but one window is misplaced, it is strange that, remembering it all so accurately, he should have been iniiitaken on this point.' The windows of the past have a curious way of shifting. We look back at the stone walls which have enclosed our lives, and they seem one day to open. Perhaps after-lights breaks through and make a way. Perhaps the angels break in, as in that picture of Tintoretto's where the heavenly company bursts triumphantly through the massive walls, and becomes suddenly revealed to the astounded Mary. The angels of the past do sometimes re veal themselves long after. Although Angelica shrank from any allusion to her troubles, old Kauffmann scarcely spoke on any other subject. He would return to it again and again, en treat her with tears and snuff to dissolve her marriage. Then her agitation grew excessive. ' No, no,' she said, ' she had no power to break such a tie. ' ' But the marriage is no marriage/' old Kauffmann would cry, exasperated, and appealing to Mr. Reynolds, their constant friend. ' Some one reads a service, there are 'no banns, no witnesses. The man had been married before. I, her father, am not consulted, the man disappears.' ' There was a licence,' said Mr. Rey nolds, slowly, 'I have taken counsel's opinion. The previous marriage could not be proved. With you Catholics the law is very strict ; but I have no doubt that by an appeal to Rome ? ' ' I entreat you, dear father, dear Mr. Reynolds,' interrupted Angelica, with passionate emphasis, ' leave it, take no steps ; you only give me more pain. I only ask to be left alone to bear my own burden, to injure no one else. Forget it all, father ; I shall speak of it no more. ' And she kept her word ; but though she did not speak, she drooped, the blithe spirit was gono. Her friends were full of anxiety and solicitude. Lady Diana used to come day by day. Little Miss Rey nolds used to arrive on tiptoe, slowly creaking the door-handle, as if a click of the latch would add or detract from poor Angelica's barrenness of heart. Every body had a different prescription, but none reached her. For some time after this Angelica seemed strangely altered; she had no word to utter, nothing to feel or to ex press. Such times come to all ; night falls, the winter of our discontent covers and hushes the songs and perfumes and blooming garlands of summer-time. She had nothing more to say to anybody. She had said so much ux. so few words, felt so much in so few minutes, that now there seemed nothing left. She kept silence with her father ; she would en dure his solicitude in a dogged, stupid sort of way. One day Lady Diana folded her in her arms in a sudden burst of in dignation. 'My poor, poor friend!' she said. 'Yes,' Angel answered, 'and this is only the beginning ; it gets worse and worse.' 'The low-born, knavish, insolent wretch !' cried Lady Diana, whose own pride had been curiously touched by the remembrance of past occurrences. ' You have a right to be angry,' said Angelica, blushing up angrily ; ' but he did love me. I am not his superior in birth ; he loved me, not you,'' she re peated, with a strange bitter laugh. The laugh went on and then changed into a great flood of tears, which relieved Lady Di. ' You will see it differently some day,' said she ; ' You do not remember how you have been insulted. Have you no dignity, no pride, to resent such treat ment ?' ' I think not,' said Angel, hanging her head and speaking in a hard and dogged tone. 'lam utterly and hope lessly disgraced. I see it in every face I meet. What use is there in speaking of it at all ? Nobody can understand me, and even you will not understand that I can have some sincerity of feeling in my heart.' Her sorrow made her quite reckless of what she owed to other people, though not indifferent to their blame. It seemed to her as if all eyes were upon her. It was not all imagination on Angelica's part when she thought that people were looking at her, counting her poor heart throbs, scanning her lonely tears. She was a well-known character. This curious romance crept abroad from one source and another. Gossip was better managed in those days than now, and persons of a larger mind were interested in the private details which then took the place of those public facts in which persons are now absorbed. Mr. Reynolds waa discreet in vain ; it provoked Lim to hear the poor girl's name in every mouth. Wherever he went he was cross-questioned and re cross-questioned. Some blamed, some laughed, all talked. Lady Diana used to bite her lips with vexation. What cannot one or two good friends accomplish ? The influence of this man and this woman worked wonders in Angel's behalf. Their steady friendship saved her from the ill opinion of many who were ready to accept the first ver sion that was given to them, and who felt it incumbent upon them to judge, with or without facts to go upon. Angel refused all invitations ; she could scarcely be per suaded to go out into the street. Lady Diana was most anxious to carry her away then and there to her own country house in Hampshire, of which mention has been made. But Angelica seemed to have a nervous horror of any change, any effort. One day, a long time before, a Mr. St. Leu, a barrister and art critic, had been speaking of some of Angelica's work to Mr. Reynolds. 'It is graceful,' the critic had said, ' but overstrained and affected. Everything is too couleur de roseata-rose for my plain common sense. I know the old father ; a friend of his, M. ZuccTii, an Italian, gave him a letter to me. The fair Angelica I have not seen ; but her work does not attract me. ' ' You have scarcely entered into her intention,' Mr. Reynolds had said, gravely. ' To her charming nature the whole world is a garden of happiness, She knows that sorrow exists. The wickedness of life — to us elder people it is, perhaps, the. only real sorrow— does not seem to occur to her. Perhaps it might be better for her pictures if she ' had less confidence, but for herself it would not be so well,' said the painter. One day, after poor Angel's tragedy, the two men met again by chance. ' How is your friend Miss Kauffman,' the critic asked, quite kindly. ' Poor lady. I fear her experience has been bitter enough to take the roses out of her garland for a long time to come. I am expecting a visit from her and her father at my cham bers,' he continued, 'they are coming this afternoon, on business connected with the house they live in.' M.. St. Leu's staircase led from under the covered way that crosses from Inner Temple- lane. The staircase abuts upon a quaint old wig-shop, that cannot be much altered since the days when Angelica looked in through the narrow panes at the blocks and the horse-hair perched upon their shining cranes. ' I will wait for you here, father,' said she, ' it is out of the wind. I do not care to go up.' The nervous terror of meeting strangers was still upon her. She smiled to her father, and went and stood in the one sheltered corner of this windy place, waiting by the wig-shoo, and leaning against the brick wall. The colonnade divides two pretty old courts, with many lawyers and bricks and memories, with blue bags issuing from old doorways ; red and bro^n and grey are the tints ; quaint and slight the arches and peristyles, to some minds as quaint and graceful in their mists and wreathing foga as any flaunting marble or triumphant Pompeian vista. For a long time Angel watched the passers by ; listened to the sound of the footsteps. It waa a bitter day for all its spring pro mise ; a fog hung over the streets, the wind came dry and dusty, piercing through the damp mist. Angelica waited, indifferent to it all ; the weather made little difference to her in her strange de pression. Would anything ever touch her again ? she wondered. It seemed to her as if even trouble could not come near her any more, ft is true that interest itself fails at times, and that life is then very salt less and ashy to the taste ; but even this is a part of its experience, if honestly accepted, and not less honest a portion of life than its contrary emotion. Angel waited, listlessly watching two children descending and climbing the steps of a piled brown house with an arched door way. She felt forlorn and out of place ! other people were living their daily lives, and working to some end. She had none, nothing to wish. Then she began to cry, feeling the utter hopelessness of it all. She could see no way out of it, no possible issue. She had never taken into consideration that tide which flows and ebbs, that alter nate waking and sleeping which belong to all living emotion. If our hearts did not beat with alternate pulses they wonld not be alive. The children were gone, a lawyer's clerk had paced the court and dwindled away. (I don't know if lawyers' clerks looked as old and worn a hundred years ago as they do now. If so, Angelica, with all her troubles, must have seemed a pleasant contrast to the grim and foggy figures that were wandering about this Temple Court.) One big old man, dressed in loose un tidy clothes, went slowly past, blinking at her from beneath a small scratch wig that scarce covered his big head ; he rolled as he walked along, portly, unsightly. There was a certain stamp of arbitrary dignity about him for all his shabby clothes and uncouth gestures. Angelica recognised the face and strange actions, for she had seen Mr. Johnson one evening at the play; that evening when Garrick acted Hamlet. She shrunk away from his steady gaze. He passed on, and went up the staircase by which her father had just climbed. Then more smoke-colored figures went by with the minutes. Then by degrees the place became quite silent and deserted, except for certain ghosts of her own fancy, and drifts of smoke and soot, and an odd jumble of recollections. The wind blew in dusty gusts, and Angel sighed, from present chill depres sion as much as from any other cause. Some stir of pain seemed awakened suddenly ; a sort of unreasonable retro spective sense of shame and grief came over her, and caused her to hide her face in her two hands for an instant. In that instant a heavy step came down the narrow staircase, fell on the stones, came to her side, and stopped. ' Yea, father ! ' she said, without look ing up. ' Your father is above with Mr. St. Leu,' said a voice. It was not John Joseph's vibrating tenor, but a deep and measured tone she did not know ; and then Angelica raised her eyes, and met the full and steady look of two bleared heavy orbs, from which, nevertheless, a whole flooding light of sympathy and kindness seemed to flow. The ugly seamed face was tender with its great looks of pity. ' You are Mrs. Kauffmann,' said the man, in this voice, with a sort of echo. 'I told your father .1 would stay with you, my dear, until he had finished his business. I have wished to make your acquaintance,' he continued, after a mo ment's pause. ' I know to what straits we poor human creatures can be brought, and I confess that the recital of your story has moved me greatly.' There he stood, still looking at her, and she timidly glanced at the lazy, well known figure, at the heavy face with the indomitable fire of light in it, the lamp burning through the bushel and darting its light into one heart and another, his looks no less than his words carried that oonviction which is the special gift of some people. Angelica, who had of late so shrunk from strangers, felt as if this was a friend to whom she could complain ; to whom, it was possible to speak. ' What do you mean ?' she cried, im petuously (her tongue seemed suddenly unloosed). 'Who do you take me for 1 Do you know my story ? It is only foolery and disgrace. People look at me — not, as you do, with kindness — and I see their scorn ; I feel their importunate curiosity, and know not how to escape from it all, from myself, my miserable life ? ' 'Hush, my dear; hush!' said this stranger. ' There is no wisdom in use less and hopeless sorrow ; although, somehow, it is so like virtue that he who is wholly without it cannot be loved by me, at least. To be ill thought of in another person's mind is in itself no wrong-doing, although it may signify some discomfort to yourself. But believe me, my dear young lady,' said the wise old man, ' the world is not so scornful as you imagine ; so unjust as it is peevishly represented. For my own part,' he went on, ' I love and respect you, disgraced, as you «aliit ; whereas before, there was a time when my sympathy was less. You have done no wrong ; you have injured yourself, but no other person. In some ways disappointment is as good as success, for it: does not. prevent the sincerity of your good intentions, nor alter the truth of your feelings. To be mistaken is no crime. Many things turn out differently i from our wishes. Can you follow me, my dear ? Nay, you must not cry ; you must not lose courage, A lifetime is still before you, and much hope for the future.' He took her, languid hand, and held it between Ma big palms. He comforted her strangely, though she scarcely owned it to herself, or knew how this strange help reached her. ' Hope !' cried poor Angel. ' What hope can there be for me? I know not how to escape my thoughts. I know not whom to trust, whom to love, what to do.' 'Love your enemies; do good io them that llluse you,' said the old man, solemnly. 'Follow your own sense of right. -Fear not to love, my dear. Fear hate and mistrustful feelings. Fear the idleness' of grief ; accept the merciful dispensation of Providence, which, by the necessity of present attention, diverts us from being lacerated by the past. It is a most mortifying reflection for any of us to consider what we have done in com parison with what we might have done. It still remains for you to contemplate the future without undue confidence, but with out unnecessary alarm, and with humble trust ia your own efforts for right doing to determine upon the best, the most reasonable course for a Christian to pursue, and to follow that course with courage and humility.'* Some people have a gift of magnetism, of personal influence, which is -quite in describable, which belongs partly to the interest they take in the concerns of others, partly to some natural simplicity and elevation of soul. Johnson's personality andgreat-hearted instinct reaches us still across the century that divides us from its convincing strength. What must that tender, dog matic, loving help have been to poor little Angelica in her perplexity, as she found herself face to . face with this human being, so devout and wise and tender in his sympathy. Mr. Reynolds .could pity and befriend, but he could not enter into the depths of feelings and difficulties that he had him self never experienced. ? Now at last she seemed to have found an ark, .a standing-place in her sea of trouble.. She looked up into the heavy face. She seemed to breathe more fully ; the load upon her heart was suddenly lightened, and with a burst of tears she stooped andMssed the great brown hand. 'Oh!' 'she said, 'you have spoken words that I shall never forget. Heaven sent you to jne. :.Mb w I feel as if I could face my life alone.' The poor little thing's nerves had been over- wrought, over-strung all this long time. It seemed to her now as if this man had taken her- hand, and led her calmly to the encounter of terrors and alarms which she had not dared to face alone, and 'which vanished as she met them. When John- Joseph came down after his long conference with Mr. St. Leu he found Angelica brightened, smiling through tears. His old Angel was come back, with a softened light in her eyes, and a sweetened tone in her voice. 'Father, how long you have been,' she said. 'Hot too long, net one moment too long. If you could know what this half hour has done for me!' It had done thisr— it had restored her self-respect, her confidence in others. John Joseph rubbed his hands, seeing her look of life renewed. The alight figure drifted less languid, more erect. There was hope in her steps. They passed out into the busy streetj under Temple Bar, into the noisy haunts of men. Angel's friend rolled off on his un gainly way. He was grateful and cheered himself, for to bless is in itself the bles sing of some generous hearts. 