FICTION. (rraaa EaflU»», Amnteu, and ottur P*rlo*leali.> COLONEL CANYNGTON'S DAUGHTER. Chapter XIII. HAN8 DERTBDSCHSEH AND WIFE. With ruin upon ruin, rant on root, Conlntrion woree conioundtd.-Huton. Ellan Pawella made no vain bout «hen ihe .aid she would show thefifcounty gentry hotv ?he could queen it at Leasholm She did queen it ia far u a vain, frivolous woman oould ; and outshone every lady for miles round in the splendour of her dress and the multiplicity of ker entertainment«. Leasholm wat quite a different place from what it bad tren wheo Daryl Canyngton's father brought bia bride-a timid, gentle Devon- shire lassie-to raalce ber home there, and strangely altered from the pleasant home it had been under the quiet and decorous rule of Bea- trice. There were gaieties and festivities from morning till night, and the new Mr«. Canyng- ton seamed determined to pass her life in one Butterfly round of pleasure and frivolity. Those who knew Daryl, wondered at the quiet ¡in- différencié with which he endured his wife's ex- travagance; though he was a hard, grasping man io the matter of money generally, he never Strove to oheck his wife's vagaries in any way. Whatever she ohose to have or to spend, he never said her nay, and if he even looked disap- proval, an appeal to her father settled the question at once. The will of Dr. Parsellc was law at Leasholm and people gosaipped as they will insuoh oases, .nd openly aaid that Daryl Canyngton was in his father-in-law's power in some way. whether that was true or not, the dootor ruled in his daughter's nome, and aided and abetted her in all her whims and fanoies It was he who suggested and hinted when, at Ellen's desire, a new wing was added to the old house, and a new study was arranged for Daryl, leaving the old one, a snug, cosy room to be henceforth called " the doctor's room," and to be sacred to his special use. It was he who kept Ellen from going too far in her wish to get rid of Mabel, who still lived on in the house, and prevented au émeute on the one subject on whioh Daryl would hear no argument. Mabel seemed very passive, and almost indif- ferent to everything that was done, but there same a time when she showed considerable spirit or, as Ellen phrased it, " fired up," during a family discussion. Leasholm had an old dis- mantled wing, unused for many years ; why it bad not bein pulled down long ago was a mystery, but there it had remained with the ivy growing over it for several generations. To Daryl and Beatrice it was part and parcel of their home, this unused, half-ruined suite of tooms, with its uncanny reputation (for the country folks peopled it with ghosts of their own raiaing) ; but Ellen deolared that it frightened ker, and was clamorous for its destruction. Bat eren her wilfulness oould not effect this, though her father, in his medical capaoity, hinted that it might be dangerous to thwart her just then (for Daryl was hoping for an heir), and he was very nearly yielding to her con- tinued importunity on the subjeot. TJnlnokily for Ellen's whim's, he spoke of the proposition to Mabel in her presence. They thought the helpless little widow somewhat of a simpleton, but she was true-hearted and brave ia the right place, and she retorted indignantly. " Pull down your father's house, Daryl ! You don't mean suoh a thing, surely ?" " Ellen does," he replied, with a short laugh. " And you will do it j you, a Canyngton i Full down the place he loved, and where you «ere born, and your mother died ! It seems like a sacrilege to me ! I've no right to speak, Daryl, I know ; all my right in this dear plaoe lies buried with my dead darling out in India; but he loved it so ! don't pull it down, Daryl. Better sell it, and let it go to strangers, than touch a stone of it in that dreadful way." t.< "You are right, Mabel, my dear," Daryl said, gravely raising ber hands to his lips. " I was mad to think of such a thing. Do what you like in the way of building, Nellj, but don't ask me any more to pull down a stick or a stone of the old placa ; I won't do it, and that's nat." Mrs. Daryl Canyngton bad such a violent fit of hysterics over this curt refusal, that her father had to be sent for before she could be " brought to," as the servant girls phrased it. . Dr. Parselle brought his daughter round by avery simple process-a few stern words sufficed, and then be talked to ber for some time anent the folly of her conduct tow&rds; the widow. -J? Yon are a fool, Ellen ; and you'll go too far some- of these days," he said. " I can't help it, papa ; she's always con- sidered before me in every way. I hate her. " There's nothing in her to hate that I oan see ; she's very quiet." " Quiet I Yes ; so is a snake-too quiet for tay good. I'll tell you what it is, papa. Daryl loves her ; he humours her in everything. What did he marry me for when bia heart was ben" " Ellen, you are even a greater fool than I took you for," the dootor said, angrily, when the burst of jealous weeping whioh followed her words bad somewhat subsided. " Your husband bas a motive, and a very strong one/ for his generous kindness to Mrs. Canyngton, but it is ' not love. He has never felt one spark of any- thing warmer than friendship for her; but there are reasons that I oannot tell you, and jos must be content." " Beesons ! That my husband should devote himself to another woman, and I must be con- tent not to know them. You speak in riddles, papa. Shall I ever know ?" "I devoutly hope not," he said, fervently; and with that answer she was obliged to be con seal. " I will know sometime," she vowed to her self, and sat about watobing her husband, as jealous women only know how ; but all to no purpose-she could discover nothing. The expected heir cama in due course, then a daughter, which was a source of great pride and gratification to Ellen, for Beatrice, in her far- away London home, could only boast of one fragile, little olive plant-a feeble, puuy boy, lacking the fine physique and healthy enjoy- ment of life of the Lessholm nursling». Tbe wor'd had gone well with Hugh Carlisle and his high-born wife. They had a handsome house in Belgravia; and a fashionable practice bad come by degrees to the young physioiau, for ho had taken his degree now, and wrote " M.D " after his name. There wai but ona shadow in their home-the feeble health o' their only ohild, and they could do nothing-only watch and wait, with what anxiety loving parents only ean tell. To the ohildren whioh arrived at Leasholm Mabel was far more like a mother than Ellen They seemed to awaken the maternal instinot whioh bad bad suoh a brief realisation in ber heart, and she tended and cared for them with trus motherly love. And so five years passed away, and she still lived on at Leasholm-a very girl still, ia appearance and bearing Her figure had somewhat filled out, and where there had been angles it was rounded and beautified; and her features seemed to have settled into a more regular oontour She was a very beauti- ful woman, and many offers of obangiog her oondition had been made to her all of whioh she had steadily refused " Sho did not want to marry," was her answer to everybody; "she was very happy as she was." But when she had been about six years in her brother-in-law's house, the possibility of ber leaving it began to loom in the distance. The newly appointed reotor of the pariah, a baohelor, and a highly-educated, refined gentle- man, seemed to be very much struok with Colonel Canyogtoo's widow and began to pay her marked attention. To Ellen's great delight Mabel reoeived the advances of the Rev. Gust ive Dtinton with evident satisfaction, and the wilful mistress of Leasholm began to see a prospect of having, as she called it, "her house to herself," and being rid of the incubus of the widow's presence there While things were thus wearing round satis- factorily at Leasholm, the good ship Osprey, New York to Bristol, was making her way across the Atlaotio, with a visitor from the West to Daryl Canyngton. Presently, she was steaming-up the Severn to her destination, the homeward-bound folks on board of her full of the hopes, and fears, and eager antieipation which the sight of Old England always produoos. Some of those on board of her saw " the old country" for the first time, and looked with con- temptuous eyes on the puny hills and pTgmy river, M compared with the mountains and streams of the New World; and some who oame back, after years of weary exile, could have cried to Heaven, in tbe fulness of their joy, for' ablessing on every blade of grass and clump of trees they passed, as the ship slowly made her way up the river. A oouple sat apart, and silent, on the deck, looking with unfamiliar eyes on the soene before them. " So this is England," the man said at length " Yes, this is England, Hans " "Ah!" "You'll like it, Hans, dear; I'm sure you will." "Maybe; I can't say, I'm sure," he said wearily. "Ah, you're tired now, old man; wait till you've had a night's rest and a good supper. You'll see England with different eyes to-mor- row." "I oan't see it bigger," he said forlornly. " And everything looks so little- so pinched. I feel as if the boat wouldn't have room to get along between those rocks. Why a cat could jump it, it seems to me." " Not quite," she said with a laugh. " Small ! Why, Hans, this is about the biggest river io England, and those rocks are the finest in the country. You'll get used to the smallness of things, by-aud-by." He didn't seem muoh interested, and only said, in the same apathetio way, " Maybe, wife," and turned again to watching the dark water, as the ship moved through it, leaving a white line of foam in her wake. His wife was a very peculiar-looking woman ; tall and well-made, with a curious expression of face, as though she were looking at something in the future, with a nervous opnoentration of will upon the subject of her thoughts. She was neatly dressed in quiet, sober colours ; and was dark-skinned and blaok- eyed Her eyebrows were as dark as her eyes, but her hair was almost white. She wore it banded donn each side of her forehead, where it helped to oonoeal a huge sear, whioh covered the whole of one side of her face. Bight from the roots of her hair to her chin it extended, and as it was still red, aa if the wound which oansed it were recnt, it made her face look almost repulsive at times. The expression of her features was not hard nor un- pleasant, and became very gentle and soft when she spoke to or looked st her husband, who was evidently an invalid, requiring oare. He was p≤ and worn, and moved with diffi- culty, and there was nothing striking or attrac- tive in his appearance. His face displayed no intellect, but the gray eyes were clear and bright His hair was very dark, like his wife's eyebrows, but it showed deoided streaks of gray here and there. Both husband wife were respeotably dressed, and looked as though they belonged to the better class of working people. They were entered in the ship's books as "Hans Dertrieobsen and wife," and in the woman's cabin the wife had told the story of how tbey came to be there. She was a silent woman by nature,butane had been called upon to help to beguile the tedium of a spell of rainy weather, and in default of a romance of somebody else's life, she had told the tale of how she came by the sear which had disfigured her for life. It was a story hardly to be realised by English ears ; of a burnt forest, a ruined home, and of husband and wife flying for dear existence before the flames which had devoured their cabin. All night long Hans Dertreiohsen and his wife, with their little ohild, ran before the de* vastating fire, and when morning came, and they reaohed water and safety, the frantic wife found the child in her arms a corpse, and her husband struok down by a falling tree, when all danger seemed to be at an end. Mrs. Dertrieobsen did not tell how she bad laid her dead child'by the side of the father she thought dying, too, and roamed for miles, almost blinded by the burns which seared her face ; and heedless of the outs and bruises which smarted all over her, till she found friends and help. She did not tell how she had nursed Hans through the illness whioh followed that night of horror, and which bid fair to overthrow both life and reason. No wonder he reverenced and looked up to her now, and thought that earth held no oreature equal to the pale, prim woman, who was at once bis nurse, friend, and counsellor. Their misfortune had not been ruin ; his savings were safe in a good bank, and his wife who was English", and pining for a sight of her native land, persuaded bim to leave Amerioa, and try his fortune on the other side of the Atlantic And this waa how Hans Dertriechsen, very prostrate and sea-siok, and not a little dis- heartened at the smallness of England in general came to be sitting on the deck of the Osprey, gazing down into the Severn. Chapter XIV. A GIPST CAMP-MODERN STYLE. Ob, thoo, child of many prayers, IMe hath quicksands, life hath caree. -LongfcUmo. " Cheer up, Hans," Mrs Dertriechsen said to her husband, as the ship moved slowly on her way. " You'll get strong and well in England ; see if you don't " " Maybe I shall," he answered despondently. "I don't feel like getting well anywhere just now." " I dare say not ; you've have had a bad speH coming aoross. Now, to me there seems new life in every breath of English air, and every sight and sound that comes to us as we pass. " I'll try and like it, old woman, for your saEe," Hans said more cheerfully. "I shall be a long time getting into the ways of it, I fancy." " Not you. We'll be so comfortable ; and I shan't be the burthen to you here in England, Hans, dear, that I have been out yonder." " A burden, wife ! You never were that-cay a blessing rather." He spoke with infinite tenderness and feeling, this Btolid-looking Dutohman, for snob he was by birth and long descent, and a loving light lit up his homely face as he looked at his wife. The bond between them was evidently a strong and tender one. . " I was a burden," 'the wife said after a pause. "Who but you would have taken alone, friend- less woman-a waif from the old world-a charity foundling that never knew a mother's love or a parent's care-a woman whose career began in a work-house nursery-of whose ante- cedents, of whose character even, you knew noth- ing?" "There, there," he said good-humouredly; " we've talked all that over many a time. I don't wan'i to know any more than that I've got the best wife a lonely man ever had- ; and that's better than money or friends any day, old Isdv." ~ " But suppose I had some money, Hans ?" " Suppose away, my girl-supposing don't bring a fortune ; but it does no harm to any- one." , " You'd like it better if I bad some, now, wouldn't you?" " Well, money's a good thing," Hans said, so quaintly that his wife laughed. " Of oourse it's a good thing, you stupid old man, and you love it dearly." Which was quite true. Hans Dertrieohsen did love money very dearly, aud would have done anything not absolutely felonious to get it. " I shall bave some when we land in Eng- land," his wife went on, muoh to his great surprise " You will have some ?" "Yes" " Where will you get it ?" 'Tve a trifle owing me," she replied de- murely ; " a debt of long standing." " Ah, debts are awkward things to get paid," said Hans with a disappointed look. " Don't you count on any money coming to you that way ; you won't get it. , " I shall get this." " You seem very sure." " I am sure, unless the person is dead. I served bim once, and he'll pay me as soon as I can get to him." " I thought you hadn't a friend in the world, wife," said the Dutohman, looking at her ear- nestly. " I haven't," she replied, meeting bis look calmly and without waveriog, though her tone was bitter and hard. " This is no friend. It's a man that owes me a debt, and I mean to make him pay it to the uttermost farthing." She said no more, and Hans questioned ber no further either. He was of the true Dutob type, Bilent and stolid, and liked to " think out things,'' as he called it, quite convinced that by this silent method he should arrive at the solu- tion of whatever Seemed puzzling to him at the time He was baffled in tbis instance-the puzzle of his wife's debtor refused to be thought out, nor would she give him any information on the subject. He did not question her-he never worried himself about anything she did, and con- sidered over his pipe that he should be sure to hear all about it some time. * -The oouple settled themselves in Bristol, and Hans Dertreiohsen looked about him for some opening to commence a little business as Boon as his shattered health sbould~,ba a little reoruited Notwithstanding bis life ontjn the baokwoods of America, he had been bred a sailmaker in a bustling little seaport town, and now he intended to give his old trade a trial, and see if be could establish himself afresh in his own line of busi- ness. Nothing turned up in Bristol, but before he had been there a fortnight, he heard of a ohauce in Plymouth juBt suited for a man situ- ated as he was. A firm in the line there wanted a clear headed praotical man as overseer. There was not much strength required, but thorough knowledge of the business was required, and this Hans could supply. He went after thesituation, and his capabilities won him the preference over a host of other applicants. So it oame about that Plymouth was to be their home in England, and thither they went, Mrs. Dertrieobsen putting off her jour- ney to her mysterious debtor 'till they should be settled "Her business would keep till then," she said, " and longer if there was any- thing to prevent her going." In a very little while the Dutchman and his better half were comfortably settled in a little oottage in the suburbs of Plymouth. The wife made their small home as snug and tidy as any Dutch house could be, and kept herself to herself most scrupulously. She never stood at her door to have a gossip with anyone ; and her neighbours, with all their curiosity, oould make nothing of her. They wondered at her, and dubbed ber " the foreigner," but oould never get beyond a oivil " good-day" with either Hans Dertrieohsen or his reserved, odd-looking wife. Hans came and went to and from bis daily work, and began to be known and respected the latter partly from his reserved, quiet ways, and partly from an idea that got into people's heads that he was very learned-a notion apt to arise respecting all silent people. He was by no means at home on this side of »-the Atlantic as yet, and wa9 very dependent on his wife for information about almost everything he saw and heard. " Who are those queer people ?" he asked her one day, as two brown-skinned, dark-eyed women, with red handkerchiefs over their hea'ds, stopped close by their door with a cargo of baskets. " Oh, they're some of the gipsies from the field up yonder," she replied. " They are ex- hibiting themselves, the hunrbugs." "Gipsies! What are they ?" Mrs. Dertrieobsen explained what the no- madic race was like, a company of whom had squatted in a field not far from their house, and were netting a.lot of money by an exhibi- tion of gipsy life, fortune-telling, &o.; Hans was interested. Out in the West such people were unknown ; and he declared he should pay his threepence and go and see what they were like. " Nonsense !" Mrs. Dertrieohsen exolaimed. " Tbere is nothing to see." " Then I shall go and see ' nothing,' " he [ replied quietly, and she knew it would be no use to argue the point, so she gave in like a sen- sible woman as she was, and went with her hus band to the gipsy camp. , In our young days gipsies were vagabonds nntnaatn of nnrnvnurt/ rmhiea on/1 5»t,t,..J«^». «. uu»»iui ui ui'SKTuurjr uauí's sou impuaens pre sea ce-nothing more-who lived how they oould, and camped where anyone would let them. Their miserable huts were open to everybody -nobody dreamed of such a wild thing as pay. ing to see tbem. Their wretobed, bony horses were left alone to graze where they would ; and parish authorities and decent people were very ' glad when they struck their tents and took themselves and their dirty poverty somewhere else. Gipsies have gone up in the social .»cale of late years ; a gipsy encampment is a thing to be visited and paid for, like a flower show, or an industrial' exhibition, where fortunes are told by handsome girls in fashionable dresses, or picturesque old women in stagy apparel, as unlike the rags and tatters of old- fashioned gipsydom as can well be ima- gined. A field, not far from Hans Dertriech sen's bouse, was at present ocoupied by a com- pany of tbeBe people, who issued bills and pro- grammes like any other exhibition, and drew crowds of idle folks to see them and their sham Orientalisms Mrs. Dertrieobsen didn't want to go to see them, but tbe onriosity of Hans was singularly aroused, and he persisted. " It's only three pence," he urged. " Tain't much, and I should like to go." " The threepence is nothing," she replied " It isn't that. I don't believe they are gipsies at all. Yon go ; I don't care about it." But neither did Hans, unless his wife went with him, and they set out together. Tbey were to see (according to the bills) the king and queen of the gipsies-by tbe way, every troupe of these people has the king and queen with tbem, and all sorts of wonders besides. There did not seem much to look at in the en- campment-'two or three painted and bedizined "living carriages," several picturesque-looking tents, a few horses, and sundry dogs. The soene was by no means unpleasant, and the women seated at the tent doors greeted them civilly, without any importunity. "It's a queer place," said Haus, as they strolled about, "and the people are not bad-look- ing. There's a pretty child ; don't look like one of these dark-Bkinned folks." » Where ?" " There-by tbat big dog." A tiny child was standing where he pointed, with her arms round the neck of a large dog, which animal made noobjeotion to having his ears pulled, and being otherwise maltreated, by his small oompanion. The child was a pretty little ereature, peculiarly fair, but with dark hair and eyes. Mrs. Dertrieohsen looked at her, and a puzzled expression stole over her face. " What's the matter?" asked Hans. " I've seen that child before," she replied ; " I'm sure of it." " Where V " Ah, I don't know-and yet I do. But it can't be possible All the people she reminds me of I have not seen since before she was bom." The child had come close to them by this time, pulling the dog with her. " Wbat'8your name, pretty dear?" she asked. " Mara," she lisped, staring at her questioner with all the fearlessness of babyhood. " That's not all her name," said a bright, fearless-looking bay, who had come up to hear what was going on. " Her name's Marazion ; but we call her Mara for short." " That's a tunny name ; Marazion'a the name of a place." " Yes, I know ; she was bom there." " Ob, that's it, is it ? How old are 70a, my pet?" Mrs. Dertrieofasen BBked. " She doesn't know," the boy replied, " I do; she's five." "Your sister?" "No" Hans began to wonder at his wife's ouriosity, and she was about to put some further question, when the little girl put up her hand to reaoh the gilt clasp of a bag she oarried. She lowered it for the little hand to reaoh it, and as the baby fingers rested upon it, she started baok with a faint cry of alarm. Her husband, look« ing at her, saw that she was deadly palo, aud trembling all over. " Are you ill," he asked, " or tired ? Shall we go home ?" " No, no ; there's nothing the matter. It's that child " "What about her ?" " I know who she reminds me of now. She doesn't belong to these people ; she's no gipsy. They must have stolen it, and I must find out when and where." She caught sight of a dark face peeping from a tent door, and regarding her attentively, and she strove te oolleot herself, and speak quietly It was the girl Zarah, and she went in and allowed her to tell her fortune, and sud- denly brought the conversation round to little Mara, who bad eome in with her. There was nothing to be learned from Zarah ; the child was her's, she said-the fair skin was only a freak of nature She would not be ques- tioned ; gipsies had their private affairs as well as o'ber folks, and she declined to say any more, so Mrs. Dertrieohsen was fain to go away un- satisfied. She made up her mind to try again somehow, and turned away, Hans wondering muoh at bis wife's curiosity, and trying to " think out" what it could be in the appearance of the gipsy child to have bo moved her. As they passed out at the gate, the boy who had told them the little girl's strange name was hanging about, and when they were fairly on their way be slipped out and followed them. It was rather startling to the worthy Dutch- man and his wife to see this swarthy lad hang- ing about the door when they got home, but there he was, and waiting for them. " What do you want? asked Hans sharply. " You come from up yonder, don't you 1 The gipsies' placa I mean." " Yes; I come from there." " What for ?" " I wan't to speak to the lady, if you please, sir," His tone was perfectly respectful, and- his manner quiet, and they were not afraid of him now. " Speak away, my man ; we are listening." " I should like to come io, please ma'am, if you don't mind- "I don't want any of our peo- ple to see me here." Mrs. Dertrieohsen hesitated a moment, and the boy saw it. He drew olose to her, and whispered, " I've something to tell you abont her." "The little girl?" "Yes" She hesitated not another moment, but un- locked the door and flung it wide open. " Come in," she said ; " don't lose a minute. You are quite weloome if you can tell me any- thing about her." Hans began to think his wife had gone mad, that she should be so suddenly and completely interested in this strange child ; but be never opposed her, and followed her into the house without a word. " Now then," she said to the boy, "how did your people come by her ? Where did they get her ? I know she is not theirs. Tell me quick " The boy looked up into her face with sharp intelligence. " When you were asking Zarah all those questions you had money in your hand," be said. " I want some money. If wbat I have to tell is worth anything, I'm worth paying." Chaptbb XV. THE GIPSY BOY'S STORY. " The bearing of this observation lays In the application on it." " When found, make a not« on."-Dicte». Mrs. Dertrieohsen looked keenly at the boy, wondering whether he was merely attempting to extort money from her, or whether be really had anything to tell. She waa rather what people of her class call "oloae- fiated," and averse to parting with money ; but then the lad's information might be worth it after all. He was a bright, intelligent-looking lad, in appearance about, twelve or thirteen years of age, but he looked top small and too young to have been trusted with anything the tribe would wiBh to have been kept secret. " If you really can tell me anything," she began, and the lad interrupted her with a sharp glance, and said quietly " Try me. I think what I have to tell is ex aotly what you want to know." ' " I'm willing to pay you if it is. What do you know ?" " I know bow that child came to be among the gipsies ; I know her mother's name, and where she carne from, and what became of her. If I tell you all that, is it worth paying for ?" " How do I know you are not deceiving me 1 You can't remember all this-you are too young." " No, I'm not ; I'm fifteen, though I daresay I don't look it. I remember everything that happened then. How much will you give me for it?" Mrs. Dertriechsen looked into his faee once more; it wore a greedy, grasping expression, but there was truth in it, and she took out her puree. " Five shillings ?" " No." " Ten ?" " If its worth that, its worth more. Double it and I'll cry quits." She extracted a sovereign with some reluc- tance, and laid it on the table. " Now," she said, " tell me all you know-. every word, mind. Don't keep anything baok -you don't know what may depend on it." " You won't split on me ?" "No." "Nor iuterfere-with Mara?" "No." " Tbere'd be the very devil to pay if anyone bothered after her, or tried to get hold of her." "Zdont't want her-no one need be afiaid of my coming after her; she's nothing tome." " Ah ! but you may go and setsorcebody else on." "Not I. Don't you take that into your head," Mrs. Dertrieobsen said, with a hard little laugh. " It's not at all likely that anyone will want Miss Mara, or whatever her name may be. Now let me see how much you know. What was her mother's name ?" " Insta Gwynne." " You are not deceiving me now, I see," she Baid quietly. " Go on. Tell me all yon know about it." In a very short time the lad had told her the whole miserable story of how the starving woman bad come begging to their camp, and how, in her mad ravings, she had disclosed what bad happened to her ; and, finally, how Zara bad gone to the seashore and found her dead, with her baby in her arms. "They oame from the town, and took her away and buried her," the boy said iu conclu- sion, " but Zara kept her baby, and no one ever aeked any questions about it. They called her Marazion, because that was the name of the town, and beoause it means something about tronble ; but she never gets anything more than Mara." " And is that all you know ?" " Every ba'porth. Give me the money and let me go; they'll be missing me else." She detained him a minute while she noted down the name of the place whioh he bad spoken, and the date of Insta Gwynne's death Then she placed the money in his hand and closed the door upon him, to sink into tbe nearest chair in such a flutter of excitement as made speech or explanation impossible for a minute or two. Hans stared at her in amaze- ment, with whioh some irritation was mingled He was rather irate at being kept in the dark so long. " What is all this about ?" he asked angrily. " When are you going to tell me what it all means ?" " Yon shall know all in good time, Hans," she replied quietly. "Don't get out of patienoe with me, dear. I must keep you in the dark for a little while. I told you I oould get y eu money in England-I can do more than that now." " What can you do ?" " I can make you rich, Hans-comfortable for life, old man I hold our fate in my hands from this hour." Hans Dertricchsen looked at his wife in dis- may. ' " The Lord grant she isn't gone raving mad," he thought to himself. " Tell me one thing, wife," he added aloud. " Is it anything to do with that child ? s « Yes." " You know who she is ?" " I think I do-I hope to Heaven I do 1 Don't talk any more about it, Haue, but let me go. I must go and see about this business to-morrow " " But where are you going ? You must tell me that." "Into Warwickshire-to Leamington. I shall be away a week. He knew his wife's strength of mind and good sense, so, though sorely troubled in spirit about ¿er present proceedings, be let her go about her preparations unquestioned. " You'll let me know that you get there safe," he said, when all was ready. "I shall be terribly anxious till I hear." "Oh, Til let you know-I'll telegraph ; but look here, Hans, if you don't have a letter from me by the week's end, come to this place and look after me." She put a card into his hand with an address written very legibly on it, and a sealed letter. " Keep that letter," she said ; " and if any- thing happens to me-and accidents may , happen to anyone, you .know-open it, and it will explain everything to you. Keep it safe. , The secret in it is not mine, but other people's." , She bade him a kindly good-bye the next morning, and went whirling northward by the ] first express train, leaving Hans with a be- wildered feeling of loneliness on him that was ] extremely uncomfortable. He was so used to bave everything to be managed by th*> stronger , head and more powerful hands of his wife that he felt quite löst and helpless without her. Many a mau in his place would have opened the letter at once, and so get at her motives and her secret ; but under his stolio, rugged exterior Hans Dertrieohsen had an honourable som, and the week would pass before he broke the seal. " I wonder, now, what she's got to do with this man," he said, contemplating the card she had left. He had never heard the name before ; she had never spoken of knowing anyone bearing it; and Leamington might have been in the moon for any knowledge he had of ita where- abouts. "Daryl Canyngton, Esq., Leasholm, Can- yngton Magna Village, near Leamington," was what was written there, and there was more in it than he could think out, putting everything that he knew together. A telegram oame in due course from Leaming- ton ; his wife had got so far, at any rate, but that was all. The next day carne and passed, and the next and the next, and no letter oame to supplement tbe brief intelligence that she had " arrived safe and well." Hans .waited with great patience till the week was out, and then, raoked with a terrible anxiety, be asked and obtained leave of absence. The neighbors got up one morning and saw his house shut up The " foreigner" had gone away in search of his wife. Mrs Dertrieohsen arrived at her journey's end*without any adventure. Leamington was evidently no terra incognita to her,'and after taking some little rest and refreshment, she had a conveyance to take her to Canyngton Magna, as the village at the gates of Leasholm was called. It was a wagonette which she took, and she talked to the driver as they went along in a manner that plainly showed that she was well acquainted with the country. The man won- dered who she was ; though she waa no stranger, she bad not been there for some time, for she was quite ignoraut of the faot thatDaryl Oanyng , ton and his sister were married, and was very [ much astonished at hearing to whom they were united. " Mr. Carlisle was always a sensible, far-see- ing young man," she remarked. "*I always thought he would do well ; but I did not think he would marry so well for himself as that. Miss Beatrice was always so high and grand, they said." "I suppose 'twaB a love match-anyway, people say they are very happy. Mr. Carlisle is Dr. Carlisle now, with a fine plaoe in London. He's mnoh more thought of than ever Dr. Par selle was." " Dr. Parcelle is the devil 1" Mrs. Dertrieoh- sen drily remarked, making the driver wonder who on earth be had got for a passenger. " There's Leasholm," he said at length, as the new-fronted house came in sight. "Nonsense! you have brought me wrong. That's cot Mr. Canyngton's house. " It's all there is for it, anyhow." " Where's the old house gone ?" " Behind the new front," he said, laughing. " That's all madame's whin» and fancies-im- provements she calls them. I think the plaoe was prettier before it was touched, myself." " Prettier ! There's no comparison They haven't pulled it down, have tbey ?" " No ; the squire set his face against that. They say madame wanted it though, and bad fits when she couldn't get her own way." " Oh, I daresay ! It would be just like her, a vain, empty-headed, whimsical thing. I re- member her when she was a girl." " The Squire humours her in everything, they say ; and ehe does spend a deal of money, to be sure. She don't look more tban a girl now, though she has two ohildren, and is ex- pecting another every day. There never was a better huaband than the Squire for letting his wife have her own way ; but I have heard she leads him a precious life if she don't get it in everything " " She's the sort to do it," said Mrs. Dertrieohsen, and they drove on for a few minutes in BÜenoe, when all of a sudden, for- getting where she was, she said, half aloud "Only to tbink that if I ohoose I oould sweep it all away with a word, and make Daryl Canyngton a beggar from this day !" Tbe man caught a word or two, and turned round in undisguised astonishment. " What did you say ?" he asked. I " I beg your pardon-did I speak ?" I "Speak! I rather think you didl Why, you said something about beggaring tbe Squire." " I think you must have misunderstood me," she replied. " I do mutter to myself some- times." " And, thank goodness, we are at the end of our journey," he said to himself, as he set her down at the lodge gates. " She's as mad as a Bedlamite 1 Make the Squire a beggar with a word ! I would like to see her do it." He watched her pass in at the gate and walk firmly up the avenue, and then he went and solaced himself with a pint of beer. " I needn't wait for her, she told me," he said to the landlady, who served him. " She's going baok to Leamington to-night, but doesn't know how long ehe'll be. I shall hang about an hour or two for the chance ; her money's as good as any one else's, though she is mad." He hung about several hours, but his passen- ger never oame back, nor did anyone in the vil- lage see her again. Mrs. Dertrieohsen had evi. dendy returned to Leamington some other way. She had gone rapidly up to the house ana made her way to a side door, with an air of one who knew perfectly where she was going. She rang the bell with no timid hand, and a foot- man opened a door, and rather haughtily de- manded her business. " I wish to see Mr. Canyngton," she replied. " Master ean see no one," was the answer, somewhat curtly given. " He will see me, I think." " It is impossible, ma'am. I cannot disturb him now j it would be as much-" " If you take my name he will not blame you." " I cannot do it, ma'am. My mistress is dangerously ill-they say she cannot live, and everyone is upstairs with her. Master wouldn't come down if it was the Queen come to see bim" " I will wait, then." " I beg your pardon, ma'am, you can't," the mau said, in desperation. " No one can be ad- mitted into the house to-day on any pretence whatever." " My business is no pretenoe, young man. I mutt see your master, and I know that when he bears who is waiting he will see me. Take him this-" What she was going to Bay and give to the footman was interrupted by the entrance of a woman into tbe lobby, through another door. " J obn," she said sharply, " you must at- tend to orders-you must keep the doors shut, The doctor's orders are, the most perfeot quiet and here you are gossiping with strangers when your mistress's life hangs on a thread. I shall have to speak to Mr. Canyngton if you won't attend to me. My God 1" The exclamation seemed to be forced from her, and she put out her hands as though to ward off a sudden blow. Mrs Dertrieohsen, turning round at the sound of her voice, found herself face to face with Nurse Webster. That worthy lady was at Leasholm in her old capacity-she had come to assist at the advent of a scion of the bouse of Canyngton. She was a more important person now than when she had attended to the little widow from over the sea. She went nowhere unless a special servant wat) set apart for ber, and everything of the very best provided for her comfort. She turned very white when she saw Mrs. Dertrieeheen. "Graoe Nesbit?" she exolaimed. " Is it you ?" " Yes, Mrs Webster-Graos Nesbit." " What do you want V " I want to see Mr. Daryl Canyngton." " Yon oin't." "I can, Mrs. Webster, and I will. I've something to tell him that even yo*» don't know. Let me in to wait for him, for if he refuses to see me, I go straight to ins olergyman of tbe parish (I hear he's going to marry tbe Widow), and Til tell my story to him. He'll find it very interesting and useful, or I'm very mueh mis taken." CHAPTEB XVL A THOUSAND POUNDS. Spurned br the TOrac, but honed by the old, To the very verge of the oburchf ard SMtld. Price of many a crime untold I -flood. Mrs Webster seemed unexpectedly terrified at Mrs. Dertrieobsen's words. " Hush !" she exolaimed, in a frightened whisper. " Don't speak io loud, for Hanven's sake. Til see what I can do." " You know what you'll bave to do; so make haste about it " " I will, I will. To think that you should have come at euoh a time ! Step in bera, and I'll send Mr. Canyngton to you. You'll bave to wait a bit, maybe, before he can oome " "I'm a tolerably patient woman, Mercy Webster, as I dare say you know. I will wait ; but see you play me no trioki, for as sure as you do, I'll -" "No, no, I won't; be sure of that-have a little consideration Mrs Canyngton is very ill ; it's a question whether she will live, and he's in her dressing- room " She opened the door of a small parlour, and bade her visitor sit down, while shs went up to where Daryl Canyngton sat waiting to hear the doctor's fiat concerning bis wife. Ellen was very ill ; and though he cared nothing for her -even the most oalloua must be sometimes awed by suffering. And the was io very great peril. Mrs. Webster went up to him and touched him on the shoulder. "Tour wanted dowoBtaira, sir," she said; and there waa something in ber voioe that checked the angry negative that was rising to his lips, and made him look at her. " Who wants mt?" he asked. " She etoopsd and whispered a few words into his ear, and he ground a fierce oath between his teeth. " The devil !" he exclaimed. "No, sir, not the devil-Grace Nesbit You'd better go down. There'll be no chango here for nome time, and she's not the woman to hold her tongue if she's slighted in any way" " TU make ber," he muttered, with another impreoation, as he left the room. Whatever Daryl Canyington intended to do or say to the nnweloome visitor thus suddenly announced, be had made up his mind by the time he had reaohed the door of the room where she sat, and he went in with a oalm almost smiling faoe. " You are about the last person I expeoted to see," he said, quietly. " I thought you had promised long ago never to come beek to Eng- land." i " I did not say I would neuer return, Mr. Canyington. Circumstanoes have made it necessary; I could not foresee tbem when I went away." " I need hardly ask what yon want. I suppose lean guess." " Most likely." " Money ?" ', " Yes." " How much ?" " A thousand pounds." . " A what V Daryl Canyington stared at her in speeoh'less amazement, but not a'muscle of ber faoe moved. She returned his stare with the utmost coolness, and repeated her words. - " A thousand pounds." < ' . He laughed slightly, though he felt terribly dismayed; foreseeing some evil of whioh he waa ignorant. " You are mad," be said, scornfully " No, I am not. You will' give me wbat I ask you." " I will not." " Then I will take my wares' to a better market. Mrs. Canyngton (I don't meant your wife, but the widow) would give it to see her child again ; the clergyman yonder would give it to see her happy ; and I don't know that if I went to the police I mightn't ' get as much from tbem ; tbey are pretty liberal in snob oases as I should have to talk about." " You aré taking nonsense. No one would listen to you. The child is dead. Where is your proof ?'' " The child is alive. I know where to find it, and I have ample proof of all I say. I know where Insta Gwynne went when she left here. I have it all down in blaok and white, and witnesses ready to prove the truth of what I say. Now, sir, do you think my merohandise worth buying or not." Darl Canyngton looked out of the window, over the broad landa whioh called him master, and thought of the splendid house at bis back, and the luxuries of bia present life. The vision of bis debts, and bia growing embarrass- ments rose before his eyes, and the tremendous sum he should have to refund were it all swept away from bim startled him to think of. " How do I know you won't come back for more when that is gone?" he a«ked. "You'll have to trust me," she answered, shortly. " We could hardly go to a lawyer to make our compaot binding, could we ?" " It has been ruin to me all along," Daryl Canyngton, said with a sigh. " Every one that knows it preys upon me like a harpy." " There isn't a soul knows wbat I do, or eould do what I can." "But you won't do it, Graee Nesbit7" " G raoe Dertrieohsen, if you please. I'm a married woman now." " Married ?" "Yes." '-' Then, of course, you have told your hus- band ?" " Of oourse I have not ; it is not always ex- pedient. My husband knows nothing, but that I bave come here on business. It rests with you whether he shall know any more." "How?" " If I am not at home again in a week from the time I started, -you will soon know how." "In wbat way?" " He will oome and fetch me with the secret in his possession." " I can't do what you ask ; it is imponible. If I give you half of it-?" " The whole, or nothing. I want it to make my husband well and comfortable. He is a cripple, and I have reason to love and cherish him. He has been a good man to me ; better than I deserve, or had any right to expect." Daryl Canyngton did not answer her im- mediately, but sat with his bead resting on his baud, and his face hidden from her. At length be raised it, showing a very pale faoe, and spoke slowly, without looking at ber. " " I have the money in the bouse," be said* " by accident ; it is not mine, but belongs to my sister-in-law. As you are so determined, and will not take less, or wait--" "I will do neither." " I must borrow it, and trust to ohanoe to help me to some plausible story to tell bar to- morrow, when she baa a settlement with me. I'll trouble you to follow me ; my study is at the baok of the house, and I can let you out by the shrubbery door." He opened the door for ber to pass out, and she followed bim into the old part of the house, wondering somewhat at the ehange in him. She had only aeen him onoe or twice when she was Grace Nesbit, the workhouse nurse; but she remembered him as a harsh, arrogant mau, spoken of by every one as exces- sively dictatorial and overbearing. Now he seemed subdued and quiet, to an extent that was quite surprising. " His ain't a bed of roses, I fancy," she said to herself " I dare Bay that precious pair have worried the life out of him." " That precious pair" meaning Dr. Graham Parselle and bia danchter Ellen. <» Daryl Canyngton led the way to tbe roc' J*c which, in the course of the improvements * y* gested by his wife, had been set aside fauperA». father's use. It was a pretty room, with f sty windows opening on to a little lawn. _¡-¿^M getting dark by this time, and be lit * - iffy, j and pulled to the shutters Evidently bl*/ <Hn't j want any prying eyes from the outender to see I into the room. An iron safe waa let £nto the wall on one side concealed by an orfnanlenUl panel, and right opposite the wind<y,ff was a door. \ He opened wtbe safe, and took oat jL leaUjer, purse. H ?^y-ny^*» "Idon't know what I shall do about ibis," 'he said ; " nor where to find the money to refund to Mrs. Canyngton. You are helping tS bring - me to ruin, Graoe Nesbit." . "j _ " Graoe Dertrieohsen, if you please." r*J f Bah ! what does it signify ? Here is the money ; count it." He handed ber a bundle of crisp, rustling bank note«, and she counted tbem slowly, her fingers trembling with the agitation of suocesa. He watohed ber with a strange, set faoe. "All right?" he asked. " Quite right, thank you " "Then come this way; the aooner you are out of here the better." " Don't you want a receipt, or some so'rt of ao knowdgment?" she askedj wondering rt8it ha had made no mention of any thing of iHtixind. " No receipt would be of any uae it? Vuoh a matter," he replied, with an evil smile" ""This is your way. By this door you can'get out into the shrubbery. By the way, do'you know your way out of the park ?" * " Yes '' " Yon are sure ?" " I oould find it blindfold, though I bave not been here for years." " That's ull right ; just go on before me. I will light you. He opened the door, and held up the lamp for her to see her way. All she oould see was a stone passage, and another door at the further end " It looks dismal, but we don't uae this part of the house now," he said. " There is s way out at the further end" Beyond the second door there was a flight of steps. " Down at the bottom you can get into tbe _, shrubbery," he said. " Good-night ! I need, not oome any further." She could not see very well. Her eyes \ teemed dazzled coming from the lighted room, but she felt tbe fresh night air blowing upon « her face, so she did not hesitate. "Good-night,. Mr. Canyngton," she said. " I'm glad you took- my visit in good part ; it waa the best way."* r She had gone about three steps down when she spoke, and at the moment something struck her with a sharp pang. What it waa ahe could not tell-she had not time to think ; tbe place whirled round with ber; the light Daryl Caoyngton waa holding high above hia head, to light her down, seemed to fly up, and dio out in a thousand glittering sparkles. Life an i feejl- ' ing died out of her, and she fell forward, into darkness and oblivion, holding the notes lightly' clasped iu her hand. Almost at the same moment a woman servant oame hurriedly along the corridor, and koooked at the door of the study. She paused a moment to listen, but she heard nothing s!W_ the shutting of a door at some distance. '' " I*' suppose the woman's gone," she said to herself. " Master don't seem te hear. Til knock again." . The second knock brought Daryl to the door. The woman toa« gone, for the room waa empty, but there waa a worried look about her master when he asked ber wbat she wanted. " Will you please oome directly, air?" she said. " It's all over ; a -fine boy ; and miséis, very well, considering. Dr. Parselle says will you come at onoo ?" He turned from her for a moment, and tried tbe door through wbioh Graoe Dertrieohsen bad gone out. It was seourely fastened, and he . turned to answer the girl. " Yes ; I will come," he said, and paased through the door she held open for bira. " He waa awfully nervous," she told her fel- lows in the kitoben, when she returned to her own dominions. " His face was all a-work, and be looked aa though he would faint." "Tjan't over missis then," said the cook, shortly. " He didn't faint over the other two. De- pend1 upon it, there's someting elie troubling bim, besides the poor thing upstairs." Daryl Canyngton was only permitted to stay a firy few minutes in his wife's room. Dr. Barselle and the surgeon who had been sum- moned to assist were both there, and, marked the terrible agitation whioh be could not con- ceal, as he bent over his wife with a few mur- mured words of thankfulness for her safety. ",What a fond husband Mr. Canyngton must ' be," tbe-snrgeob said to himself. " Even fonder than people give him credit for; he has evi- dently been terribly anxious." Dr. Parselle oould not make it odt. "Is it possible I bave been mistaken ?" he thought ; " and that he really loves Ellen as dearly aa all that ? Why, be is shaking from head to foot sa if it were life and death to him instead of her. .Not a minute longer now, Daryl," be said, ' aloud. " Kiss Nelly, and go down and leave her to sleep, but look at your boy first." Daryl Canyngton did aa he was bid; be bestowed a very cold look upon the little bundle in pink flannel which the nurse held up to him, and a silent kiss upon his wife. Then be took the doctor's arm, and they went downstaira together. Dr. Parselle felt the arm he held tremble in his as if with an ague fit. He looked at Daryl inquisitively. " You have been terribly anxious," he said. "Yes; I have been terribly put about; and I bave been worried too." " How ?" " That woman, Nesbit, has oome baok." " The devil abe baa ! Wbat did you do with her?" " Gave her wbat sbe wanted, and sent her away. She went just aa you sent for me." " She must be quieted, Canyngton-gagged," the doctor said, firmly. " You should not have let her go !" "She t» gagged for this time at least. I oould not let her atay here. If it hadn't been for Nelly's illness I should have sent for you " " She will come beak," Dr. Parselle said. " If you paid her she will never leave you alone till she has ruined you." '* She will be sure to come back," said Daryl, in a hard, bitter voioe. *' She said something about wanting the money for her huaband, wbe ia ill ; so she will be sure to come baok." " How upset you do seem," the doctor said. ' " Come and have a glass of brandy-and-water. ^. Perhaps it will put some life into you." '=. " Perhaps it will ; I feel chilled to my very / bones. Mix me one, will you ? while I go and I fasten the study window-your room. I took \ ber in there to be quite free from interruption, \ and I let ber out that way." His teeth ohattered more violently than ever aa he touched the handle of the door. What if he should hear ahrieka and moana rising from tbe old crypt at the back, or see some horrible aight in the room itself ? There was nothing much to see ; the room waa aa he left it; but the window was wide open, and standing by the table waa a man, so mulled up about the face as to be unrecognisable for the moment. (To be continued.) ? --- A copy of the edition of the Bible, printed by Gutenburg, at Mayenoe, between 1450 and 1456, was discovered last autumn in the vestry of the Churoh cf Klein Bautzen, in Saxony. It is printed partly on paper, partly on parchment. It was presented to the church in 1677, and had lain nearly 200 years among the Psalm Books and Bibles, being mistaken for a manus- cript Bible. It has been purchased for about -' £450 by an English collector. A gentleman challenged a renowned pedes- trian and runner to a race of a considerable dis- tance with him, simply stipulating tbat the champion of the " footoourse" should oarry tar pounds weight of any article his challeng' might oboose to select. In all the pride, well-tested powers, the champion cr'ud " dot to the bargain, when, lo and behold ! his ponent selected-not only for the effec1 impediment, but the most grotesque adormí of his competitor- lOlbs. weight full-bl bladders ! It is needless to add that the i with speed of foot lost bis wager to the m ' with speed of wit. Now that the publio have got Epuim^,« aeoured they are a little puzzled b^*»°deai^iTtaV tt. A good part of it is pra« ofgJ useless, and* needs to be cleared of the SoKf^S*0«»" with which it abounds, plearë, «pä**-^«;*» *nd fair to .lee, but what is wa .jöSeT'forest for picnics. Eaoh parish *cttt*]fe^nî *° look*?8* u begiu fjiug to talk of its .o??nÍ5!Üa jatc^rin-lee simple, %nd the phrase " disappointation," is coming np. [»Sensible people, however, Bay very properly that Epping Forest should be treated as a whole, as ' the property of the people, not in parishes. It is a great popular victory A monument to the Lord Mayor or the Master of the Bolls should be nut up in the centre of the forest. S A young lady in Milwaukee undertook to ^ climb a ladder that had been left standing aeainBt the side of her father's house, but before , tbe had gone a quarter of the way up quite a crowd assembled, peroeiving which she begai} « I once to descend, observing with muib feeling «' Well, now there ain't going to M no ttenJ » I oirona here this afternoon, you bet." j - ^TbaptkChubch StfiBET.-^Tbete ù^TtengêKSua" .nole/'-lü A' Stab culvert in church-street, áboflt. ,/ ghteen inches long, and nearly widje enough" to . eceiv&a; horse's foot. The improvement Committee ~ -Jjrouldväo well to bave the Breach repaired speedily. Necks are more easily broken, and legs teoj than atended. "Pofacií BtrsnrBSS.-iThe magistrates In attend- ance at the East Maitland police court on Friday - were Mr. Addison, P.M., Mr. I, W. Pearse, audDf. Wiltop, J.P 's One case was remanded. Lunact.-Elizabeth Batty waa brought up on " romand at the East Maitland police court, yesterday, on a charge of lunacy, and further remanded <or a vfeek. v -. ' i i 