Sport in 3Btigtand. I BY OUR Q.WN CORRESPONDENT.! I The second October M eeting at headquarters was aB re nmrUble as usual for first-class sport, thoagh the big handicap was contested by but a moderate field, and the anni ven-ary was far more. quietly observed than cuBtom led me to expect Tbe weather, too, was genial and sunny, i.td those who know what Newmarket Heath is when Boreas is blustering and Pluvius is throwing a wet blanket over the proceedings, will appreciate this faot at its real worth. A field of twenty-live sported silk for the Cesare fair hflndican field, but that was alL Marie WIIVU ? » A«u» ? J ? . ? ? Y « , Stuart, haa ehe stood ber preparation, would nave been tpe only good specimen of a racehorse, and the pnblio would have stood by the yellow jacket despite her weight Morn ingtcn, the winner of the City and Subnrban and Great Metropolitan in 1873, waa early selected as the pick of the handicap, but Admiral Rou6 had guaged his chance to a nicety, knowing that hie crippled state would never allow of his winning over bo severe a course. Hessleden, a recent put chase of Sir Frederio Johnstone, was also a Btiong favourite, but the horse had never done anything to warrant this support, and it was only Sir Frederic's reputa tion as a planner of handicap coups, as witness, valuer, and j udgo, that gained him his position in the quotations. The Cesarewitch Stakes, a free handicap of 25 sovereigns each, 16 ft, with 200 sovereigns added ; 2 miles 2 furlongs 28 yards. 62 subscribers. Lord Aiiesbury'e Aventuricre, by Adventurer out of Contine, 3 years, 6 st 12 lbs (Glover) ... ... ... ... 1 Sir. F. bwindeil'B g. by Wamba, out of Truth, 4 yeara, fi st 13 lbs. carried 8 bc 1 lb {K. Archer) ... ... ... Count Nadasdy's Gamecock, 4 years, 7 st 5 lbs (Unstable) ... 8 61 . Aumont'e Peut-cti e, 3 years, 6 st 11 lbB (J. Covey) ... 4 Chivalrous, 8 st 8 lbs. ; Eole II., 8 st 4 lbs. ; Shannon, 8 et. ; lioyal George, 7 st 11 lbs.; Soamp, 7 st 10 lbs. ; Louise Victoria, 7 st. 7 lbs. ; SaUarelle, 7 st 7 lbs. ; Mornington, 7 st 3 lbs, ; Hessleden, 7 st. 2 lbs. ; Aldrich, 6 st. 12 lbs. ; Lacy, 6 st. 10 lbs. ; Tichborne, 6 et 9 lbs. ; Quail, 6 st. 6 lbs. ; Pique, 6 fit. 5 lbs. ; Reflection, 6 st 4 lbs. ; Nectar, 6 st. 4 lbB. ; Charles, 6 st. 4 lbs. ; Bosoobel, 6 st 3 lbs.; Chance, 6 st lib.; Chimes, 6 st. 11 lbs.; Minette, 6 st. 7 lbs., also Tan. betting : o to 1 each against Mornington dud the Truth gelding, 6 to 1 egainst Hessleden, 7 to 1 against Louise Victoria, 16 to 1 against Royal i?eorgo, 16 to 1 against Eole II., 26 to 1 against Aventuriere, 30 to I against Shannon and Gamecock, &c.; Tbe shades of evening had settled down over the Heath before the flag fell, and few besides the jookeyB saw any thing of the earlier features of the raoe. Quail made the ituming for the Truth gelding ata great pace, and before the field had passed through Choke Jade the tailing had begun. Hero the Truth gelding and Gamocook showed in advance, and led the way across the flat, but ooming to the Bushes-hill the pace slackened, and the leading division took close order, l'escending into the Abingdon mile bottom, Archer took the Truth gelding well to the front, heading Gamecock, and having Aventurier£ on the whip hnnd. On Lord Ailesbury'e filly, however, Glover waited wilh consummate judgment till within fifty yards from the chair, when he called upon her in downright earnest, and, gradually wearing down the tiring favourite, just_ lifted Aventuriere home by s head. A more desperate finish the Cesarewitch has not witnessed for many years, and the enthusiasm was quite remarkable for Newmarket. Three lengths off Gamecock was third ; Peut-fitre, who bolted with Covey on hiB way to the post, which he only reached just in time to start, fourth ; Tichborne fifth, una Royal George sixth. Hessleden finished with the ruck, and Mornington. who fell dead lame, walked in with the crowd, confirming Admiral Roue's suspicions. Time of the race, 1 minutes tit seconds— decidedly a fast Cesarewitch. Thus Heath House very nearly landed a great coup, mi perhaps it wob only the 3 lbs. overweight, whioh Archer was compelled to put up, that turned the scale against the unnamed gelding, who. by the by, had no credentials but a satisfactory rough gallop. Lord Ailesbury does not bet, and the bookmakers fared well over the raoe. The winner is a nice looking filly, and was trained at Fy field, but Royal George, her stable companion, was the first string, and her victory was a surprise even to her own party. She has Wonderfully improved since Bhe ran unplaced in tho Oaks, otd not only stayed well, but ran true as steel to the end of a punishing finish. Wednesday saw a wonderful performance by Blenheim over the Rowley mile, as, with Fordham up and 11 st & lbs. in the saddle, he gave away lumps of weight, and won a grand race by a head. The Middle Park Plate -the Two year-old Derby— of 1874 will long be rememberedas having breught out the finest field of horses that have ever oon tcsted a two-year- old race. And yet the Jookey Ulub are anxious to shelve it, holding that it ' spoils the market for the next season's Derby.' It would appear that Mr. Chaplin is of opinion that - good betting, and not good racing, is the one great object to be sought after. I rejoice that Euch is not the general view, and that a dozen breeders are ready to pive the 600 sovereigns grudged by the Jockey Club. This by the way. So grand a two-year old field, £ have said, never faced the starter before. Holy Friar, winner of six consecutive stakes, and a splendid advertise ment for Hermit, was an extraordinary favourite; and besideB him were Galopin,.the New Stakes winner at Ascot, Balfe, the Chesterfield Slakes winner, and good public per foimers in Telescope, Gurterly Bell, and Chaplet, whilst of the dark division Plebeian had been highly tried with Tangible ; the pretty Per So was greatly fancied at Dane bury, and the French Punch commanded a host of admirers. It was indeed a field to be proud of. The Middle Park Plate of 600 sovereigns, added to a sweepstakes of 80 sovereigns each, 20 ft, for two-year-olds. Brefby Stakes Course (6 furlongs). 145 Buesoribers. Mr. E. R, Chtietophor's b c Plebeian, by JoBkin oat of Queen . Elisabeth, 8 st 6 lb*. (Mordan) ... ... ... 1 Lord Duppliu'e br f Per Be, 8 BtS lbs (Cannon) ... ... a Prince Butihyany's b o Galopin, 8 st iS lbs (oarried 4 lbs extra) (Morris) ... ... ... ... ... 3 Mr. Laundc'6 ch c Holy Friar, 8 st 9 lbs (J. Osborne) ... 4 ' Maud, Victoria, and Palmyre, 8 st 2 lbsteach ; Stray Shot, Lemper Durns, Garterly Bell, Chester, St. Leger, Killic'rankie, Chartist, Makeshift colt, The Fakenham Ghost. Insolvent, Punch, 8 st 6 lbs. each ; Dreadnought, Horse' Chesnut, Perplexe, Woodlands. 8 st 9 lbs. eaoh ; Chaplet, 8 st 10 lbs. ; Telescope and Balfe, 8 st 12 lbs. each, also ran. Betting: 2 to 1 against Holy Friar, 6 to I against Galopin, 9 to 1 against Punch, 10 to 1 against Plebeian, 12 to 1 against Per Se, 16 to 1 each against Telescope, Boree Chesnut, and Makeshift oolt, 25 to I againBt Balfe, &o.; Mr. M'George dispatched them to an excellent start, the two dozen runners ooming in in a grand line like a squadron of cavalry. Holy Friar on the extreme right early showed in front, and held a clear lead as they descended the hill into the Abingdon mile bottom, where Galopin and Plebeian drew up, the latter swerving considerably. HorBe Chesnut and Punch cracked here, ana Holy Friar appeared in trouble, though loud shouts proclaimed his victory. But Plebeian and Galopin, struggling head and head, were suddenly split by Per Se, whom Cannon brought ub with a grand rush fifty yaids from home, and a splendid finish resulted in Plebeian's getting the judge's fiat by a head, the same distance separating second and third, and third and fourth, co that Frivolity, Sunshine, and Kingcraft's struggle was fairly outdone, for Holy Friar was only half a length behind the winner, and yet did not gain the barren honour of a place. Balfe was fifth. Time of the race, 1 minute 26 seconds. Immediately after the enthusiasm had subsided, the wildest excitement was engendered by Cannon's objecting to the winner for a jostle and cannoning. He eertainly was unable to do full justice to Per Se owing to Plebeian's hanging all the way up the cords, but the stewards refused, snd rightly, te alter the judge's verdict Many people, however, had a mawais quart -T hture whilst they were sitting. Like Neary, last year's winner, Plebeian hse no valuable engagements, and both horses were trained in the same etable. Plebeian is very unfashionably bred, bnt his sire is by West Australian ; he waB bought at Newmarket as a yearling for 200 guineas. Galopin ran a great horse under biB penalty, and will be the winter Derby favourite. Holy Friar is reported to have some slight wind affeotion, at any rate it was odds on him at the Bushes, aid yet he was un placed. On Thursday, there were two surprises. La Courense beating the Cesarewitch winner, Aventurier6 (7 lbs. extra) by a neck for the Newmarket Oaks, 2 middle miles, and rent-ftre eaeily disposing o t the redoubtable Lily Agnee, winner ef the Nerthumberland Plate 'ani DoneaBter Cup, at even weights in the Queen's Platefwith. Bole II., Scamp, and Lilian also behind him. - This was. ; the last raoe of the day, and the first on Friday also fell to him, as over a mile snd a half he disposed of Lacy, Specta tor, LeolimeB, and Treat, the. latter pair being, seoond °'d third in the St. Leger. Chaplet easily beat Garterly Bell and Bieechloader in the Prendergast, one of Mr. Chaplin's favourite races, to which he would sacrifice the Miflfltn p^rir Plate. No little amusement has been caueei by the pnfrljgation of correspondence between the Bishop of Lincoln and the £ev. J. King, who for many years haB raced under the name of Mr. Launde, and is owner of Apology, winner of the One Thousand Guineas, Oaks, and St. Leger, and Holy Ftiar. The Bishop, threatening legal proceedings, which ?U - ? ? U ..4 I ? ? l/i®1 ? « . Uv vuuju ciiiviw. wae icicricu uy mf, x\\.ing IQ Ulm solicitor, br. Wordsworth, however, contented himself by expostulating in no measured terms, in reply to which Mr. King said he was ready to give up his living in order to end his days in peace and charity with other men (he is 82), and told the Bishop that his ancestors had handed down to .him a breed of racehorses, which he considered it incum bent in him to perpetuate. Hereupon the Bishop wrote a very ' sorry-l-spoke ' letter, which has closed the corre spondence all in Mr. King's favour, everyone considering : that inasmuch aB the old clergyman never visits a raoe meeting nor makes a bet, he might have been left to die un . badgered. The Houghton Meeting is being bronght off as I write and the weather has favoured it wonderfully as yet. The Criterion Stakes was a mere canter for Gaaterly Bell, who beat Balfe, Misliflor, and others with consummate ease, and will win a name as a three-year-old, for he is an improving sort Balfe, however, won the Post SweepBtakeB next day, bnt this son of Plaudit is no stayer. The Cambridgeshire, as usual, was the medium of very heavy betting, but early favourites in Benedictine aad Novateur went baok to outside places before the day. and Khedive, who has not been seen for 18 months ; Pent Btre, after his great performance in the Second Ootober Meeting; and Gamecock, who showed bo bold a front in the Cesarewitch, were the lions. A grand field of forty-two came to the post, as many as ran in Adonis' year, and only one less than when Bathilde beat the largest number of horEes that have ever sported' silk for this, the greatest handicap of tbe year. The Cambridgeshire Stakes of 25 sovereigns eaoh, 10 It., and only 6 if declared, with 300 added ; winners extra ; second horse 60 sovereigns ; Cambridgeshire Course (1 mile 240 yards). 190 subscribers, 69 of whom declared. H. P Aumont's ch c Peut-Etrc, by Ventre St. Gris— La Favo rite, 8 years, 6 st 10 lbs (Kolfe) ... ... ... V Mr. G. Lambert's eh e Chieftain by Mandrak— Tne Thane, 8 years, & st It lbB (C. Archer) ..; ... ... ... 2 T. V. Morgan's .b e Lord Cowmn, by Lord Clifton— Merry Andiew aare, 4 years, 6 et I lb (tihepherd) ... 8 Marqnis of Ailesbury 's b 1 Aventuriere, 8 years, 7 st 8 lbs (in- ? eluding 9 lbs extra) ... ... ... ... 4 Lewlander and MontargiB each 9 st., Franc Tiretxr, 8 st 12 lbs.; Laburnum and Finisterre, 8 st 4 lbs.; Hochstapler, Lemnos, and Newry, 8 st. ; Mendip and Khedive, 7 st 8 lbs. ; Selsea Bill, 7 st 7 lbs. ; Gameoock and Flower of Dorset, 7 st. 6 lbs. ; Oxford Mixture, 7 st 4 lbs. ; Aldrich, 7 Bt. 2 lbs. ; La CouTeus, 7 at. 1 lb. ; Leopard, Heselenden, Curate, and Pearl, 7et. ; Somerset, 6 st 12 lbs. ; Quaubook, 6 st. 10 lbs. ; Mr. Winkle, 6 st. 9 lbs. ; Tichborne, 6st 8 lbs ; Nouvateur, Mignonnette, and Derwent, 6 st. 7 lbs. ; Pique, Fideline, and Restless, 6 st. 4 lbs. ;-MisB Hawthorne colt, 6 st. 3 lbs. ; Lady Alice, Kelchburne, and Virl, 6 st, 2 lbs. ; Boscobel and Carmelite, 6 et. ; Benedictine and His Grace, 6 Bt. 10 lbs., also ran. Betting : 6 te 1 against Khedive, 7 to 1 against Peut Etre, 100 to9 against His Grace, 100 to 7 against Gameoock, 20 to 1 each against Lowlander, Restless, and Benedictine, 26 to 1 each against Curate, Mr. Winkle, Mignonnette, 33 to 1 each against Hochstapler, Newry, Flower of Dorset, and Adventuriere,'40 to 1 against Fideline, 50 to 1 each, against Montargis, Laburnum, La Courense, Miss Haw thorne colt, and Bosoobel, 66 to 1 each against Finis terre, Lemnos, Lord Gowran, and Chieftain, luO to 1 eaoh against Mendip, Aldrich, Leopard, Pearl, Novateur, Pique, Lady Alice, and Vril, 1000 to 8 against Derwent, 200 to 1 eacti against Oxfoid Mixture and Tichborne. The haze had settled down over the Heath before Mr. M'George dispatched the large field to an admirable staH. Newry and Laburnum were the first to show in front, but before a quarter of a mile had been covered, Restless took up ihe running, with Lord Gowran and Gamecook in at tendance, Chieftain being prominent in tne centre, and Khedive on the right of the course. Wearing the Red Post Restless retired, as also the favourite, a tremendous roar from the fielders announcing the defeat of Mr. Chaplin's jacket. Chieftain then went to the front, but on the crest of the hill Lowlander dashed up to him, but held him for a few strides only, and Peut-Etre, putting double, forced ahead and won in a canter by two lengths, three lengths separating second and the Cesarewitch winner fourth, and last year's winner (Montargis) next. Time, 2 minutes 6 seconds. Net value of the stakes, £2466. The big handi cap was never more easily won, and there can be but little doubt that, had Peut-Etre not bolted in going down to the post for the Cesaiewitch, he would have won both races, and broken the spell. Peut-Etro was undoubtedly one or the ' morals ' of a decade. To have beaten Lily Agnes, Leolinus, and Trent, and to have but 6 at. 10 lbs. on his back, should have caused every one to back him. Every one saw this after tho race. Barring two or three big schooners fitting out for the winter's cruiBe in the Mediterranean, all the British pleasure navy iB &ow; in the mud, and the yacht-racing statistics of the year form matter for comment. For the first time in the annals of yachting a yawl is queen of the season, the Florinda, 136 tons, having won 16 prizes in 19 races, worth. £803, and the has now proved herself far better than the Corisonde, 140 tons, which vessel could only carry off one prize in nine starts. Mo vessel in her first season has ever dene better than the Neva, 62 tons, and Fife may well bs proud of her, having won 15 prizes and £782 in 23 races ; whilst another cutter of his, the Cythera, 110 tone, has won nine prizes and £615 in 13 raoes, and proved herself almost as good as the Kirsmhilda. The latter clipper won 6 prizes worth £366 in 12 races, but she had bnt sorry lnok more than once, and ia still dtcidedly the best one-sticker afloat. The Norman again heads the list of 40-tonnera, and a wonderful little craft Bhe is — 15 prizes and £602 fell to her share in 21 races ; the Britannia took 12 prizes and £519 in 18 races, and the Bloodhound 10 prizes and £340 in 20 raceB. Of the schooners, the grand Cetoria, 202 tons, of course heads the fleet ; in 14 raoes she took 9 prizes and £756. The new Corinne, 160 tons, has 3 prizes and £520 to her credit from 9 races ; the Sea Belle, 142 tens, 6 prizes in 11 .races; and the old Egeria, 162 tone, 5 prizes in'13 races. Of the 20 -tenners, the Vanessa won 18 prizes worth £470 in 19 races, and was disqualified in the only raoe she did not win, Of the old flyers that have not sailed up to their reputation thie laBt season, Pantomime, Oimara, Van guard, Arrow, and Mabel may be instanced as leading examples of the caprices of fortune with racing yachts. Five of Ha+cher's vessels won 53 prizes in 80 starts ; 13 of Fife's 52 prices in 84 starts ; S of Nicholson's 20 prizes in 39 starts ; 4 of Wanbill's 13 prizes in 39 starts; and 16 of Ratcey's 47 prizes in 132 starts ; the Norman, Neva, Florinda, Egeria, and Cetoria being the crack represent tive vessels of these builders in the order named. Thames and Tyne met once more on the 15th instant, . over the usual metropolitan course between Putney and Mortlahe, the contestants being Mr. Lumsden and W. Boyd, of Newcastle, and T. Green and H. Thomas, of Hammersmith, ip a double-sculling match for £200 a side. The northern pair are some ten years younger than their opponents, and were favourite* at 6 to 4. The race was verv one-sided, as the Tynesiders led a length at the London Bowing Club Boat-heuse, three lengths at Hammersmith Bridge, snd passed the ship at Mortlake five lengths in front, without ever having been fairly extended. Thie raoe BeemB to have routed the dormant energies of the southern watermen, and a number of matches are in oourse of ar rangement London, October 30. ANGLICANUS. — — ?— ?— 