/" THE SCIENCE OF RAVING. Let our last we gave a specimen of the reasoning power of the so-called great Dominican orator, Father Burke, on '" Reason and Revelation." We give here Another on what may be termed the science of "Bluster and Humbug":— " Oh, Who wile Save us from: that Terrible : Pope ? exclaimed big, blustering Bismarck. . (Great, laughter and cheers.) " He'll crush us. I have only 2,000,000 of trained soldiers, the grandest army in the world, at my .hack and he has not a. single' man." (Continued laughter and cheers.) And then out came the Times newspaper on the edifying spectacle of Bismarck and Germany trying to save themselves from the terrible attacks of Pius IX. and the Ultra- montanes. (Cheers, laughter, and some hisses.) COh who will save us," exclaims Gladstone. (Laughter, cheers, and hisses.) " Who will save us from .the terrible Vatican Decrees ? They have loosened all the bonds of loyalty and allegiance. We cannot trust a Catholic any more, no matter who he is — I don't care whether he be a lord chancellor , or a post- master- general, or a private soldier. (Loud laughter and cheers.) They aire all gone, no more allegiance or loyalty ; if the man sent word to. morrow, they would be up with a knife at our throats! and who knows but it is Cardinal Cullen (that would be the minister." (Roars of laughter and vehement cheering.) '.'Ah who, will save us," exclaims professor Tyndall (con tinued laughter and cheers), "who will save , us," from that terrible Catholic Church— these., terrible Ultrainontanes ; they want, if you please, to make religion a kind of knowledge, and not to leave it, in the region of emotions, with Messrs. Moody and Sankey (renewed laughter and hearty cheers). They will teach .. . young men the necessity of going to confession i instead of leaning on their emotions (cheers and laughter). They will teach their people, if they, have stolen anything, that they must give it back j oh, who will save us from them and leave us to our, emotions. , Have we not harmoniums ? (loud laughter.) Have we not beautiful hymns? (laughter.) Haven't we grand sermon's about leaning on the Lord and nothing more s (renewed laughter.) Haven't we Heaven made easy ? (laughter and cheers.) Oh, who will save us from Catholics saying their prayers and abstaining on Friday (laugh ter), examining their consciences, keeping them, selves pure, restoring, if they had the mis fortune to take a farthing or a farthing's worth? It is all very fine. Lean upon the Lord and trust to yourselves (continued laughter and applause). Meantime the great catholic church stood there, robbed and plundered in Italy, imprisoned in Germany, fettered and hampered, crossed and contradicted, in France, in Brazil, held up to scorn and ridicule as far as they could, the blind fools, hold up the House of God, and the cry all the time was ' ' save us from them (loud cheers), make way until I throw a stone right interface." (Cheers.) Send a few bishops to / prison — send a few priests to prison — take whatever trifle of money they had — take all their churches, sell everything and then .cry out, "What a wonderful fellow I am to be able to defend myself from these people." (Laughter.) Imagine all this being delivered in a lecture; with Archbishop Manning in the ' chair, as a demonstration that the Romish Church loves science and has been the great teacher of science since the beginning of the Christian .era ! In this flippant and boisterous manner, the Irishmen who believe in . Father1 Bui'ke Are taught to jump over Bismarck,' Yatican decrees, Moody and Sankey, Ultramontane claims . and Bible teaching, and come with perfect satisfaction "to the groat Catholic Church" which stands up plundered arid fettered iif Italy and Germany ! — The Infidel Voltaire was called a laugh- ing, jibing, jeering, infidel, who, incapable of calm logical argument in his attacks against Christianity, disposed' of every thing advanced with a few smart utter ances of mockery and ridicule. Father Burke is following the same plan. With a sweep and flow of Irish dash he sets aside Bismark, Gladstone, and everybody else who 'has anything to say against the claims and blasphemies of Pope, Pius IX. , and he knows nothing in ail the world but that "great Catholic Church" which stands as the centre of unity and the universe in his sight. But all this rhodo- montade' will yet be in vain. As educa- tion spreads light will dissipate this dark- ness in which such raving is hailed with laughter and cheers.. And it behoves Irishmen to get up and see how they are befooled. Any mountebank is capable of such disporting on a stage as will provoke laughter and cheers.' But reasonable and thoughtful men do not care to be always laughing. The questions: which are now before the world' are serious' ones. If the ' claims of that "great Catholic Church which stands," are good, the whole world is fearfully wrong ; but if those claims are false, Irishmen are the most blind and foolish people on the face of the earth. If Irishmen will ask themselves where are the proofs that these claims are true, they will find to their' astonishment and shame that there is not shadow' of proof for them in Scripture where they ought clearly to be, if they be Christ given. We hope that the day is not far distant when the Legislatures of free and Protest ant countries will deal in a candid and satisfactory manner with, the question of " convents and nunneries." In England' the law against these houses of religious victims of fraud and superstition is a dead letter. The creeping, grasping policy of Rome has succeeded in establishing such places throughout England in defiance of the law, and under the guise of religious liberty. But the question is fair—'Is this religious liberty?" The Church of Rome claims the right to bind men and women under religious vows to live in celibacy under which they must for ever- live, and that no person or circumstance can release them from such vows but the church herself. If those vows are broken, it is, as the church says, at the peril of the soul, and by involving eternal damna tion ! No one would desire, by legislative j i ' 7" ' ' interference, to prevent men or woman re volving to abstain from marriage with a view to: the carrying out of anyi object which they may propose to themselves. Their resolve may be very foolish, and the object to be gained by it may be equally absurd; but. in no other way than by. . argument would any one wish to interfere with the common liberty of the subject in such a matter. But the case is very different when a corporation called a " church " sets up itself as empowered by heaven to gather together vast communities of such celibate men and women, sworn to its own service, placed by itself with bars and locks and bolts which no one must open but itself, and doomed there to spend life under the terrors of damnation in irrevocable celibacy. This may be claimed under the assumption of religious liberty ; it may be religious liberty to the priests and. agents who profit by this power of swearing and imprisoning men and women under celibate vows ; , but it is an abuse of the term " religious liberty," so/far as the victims are concerned ;. for no matter how they may repent of their folly— no matter that they may wish to return to the world — no matter that they hate their bondage and their masters, and would rather kill themselves than continue as they are — they cannot be set free; they are life prisbhers ; their cries cannot reach the ears of the outside . public ; their wrongs cannot be told ; nothing remains for them but submission or death !— Is it, we ask, "religious liberty," to allow to any church, under any pretence, to set up prisons; of thi sort, and to enslave and imprison the Queen's subjects thus ? Is it an inter ference with conscience to declare all such imprisonment and yowiiig a: treason against the State, and impossible on English soil, with; the sanction of English law? "We deny it ; and we affirm that it is the duty of the, State, in every free. and Protestant conntry, to declare all such places and claims arid vows illegal. It is time that this matter were now looked into. We believe that before long there will be. a demand in England that the law against vuch ; places shall; be enforced. But it behoves the Legislatures in these;, colonies , to take , time by the. forelock. ;. In New, South Wales, in Victoria, in Queens land',' in- South Australia, and in Tasmania; there are now, in these so-called religious , prisons, women who are said to be dead to the world, for ever and irrevocably, cut off from: connexion with the world; and no one, not even their nearest acquaintances, are permitted to have intercourse with them, nor are any of their wishes or feel- ings ever allowed to pass through the iron bars and gates by which they are secured in their living grave ! These women may be abused — they may be tortured— they may be wronged and shamed by their priestly masters — their illegitimate chil- dren may be killed before their eyes and thrown into lime pits, as history has proved beyond all doubt— they may be longing with' the deepest feelings of their nature to escape from their hells— they may be cursing the day when they were- born, and be cursing as heartily those who deluded and seduced them — yet they may cry, and long, and curse in vain. The law of the Queen cannot hear them— cannot go to them and question them — cannot deliver them ! why ? because it is said that these religious prisons are sacred ground, and that' it' would be a breach of "religious liberty" for any magistrate, judge, / or legislator to demand that those irons gates ' should be opened and the victims asked if they had any complaint to make ! " Religious liberty " indeed ! If a wretched' miser lives in a cottage, In neglect and emaciation, the law will forcibly interfere; and bring the wretched creature out to open day, and send him to a hospital ; but if a woman be cruelly shut up in similar self-neglect by silk clothed; priests under the pretence that thus she will get to the highest glory in heaven, ah, . it is ''religious liberty" to let her alone, and to let - the- priestly tyrants have the liberty " to glory in her flesh We in- -sist that the Legislature should at once interfere. Every week we read in the Popish -.journals of .these- . colonies > the " striking accounts of young ladies taking the vail." Bishop this' and Bishop that, accompanied with Fathers innumerable, are reported as making " bridal virgins of the church for heaven." The women are easily, entrapped. There must first be nunneries; the monasteries' will come after. ' But. the simple question is, Is it. lawful to give to any church or company of men—least of all, unmarried men— the right, the power, to withdraw silly women from the service of the country and shut them up in prisons, under irrevocable vows, where the law of the land can never meet them if ever they repent ? We, deny that it is ; and we demand in the name of liberty and of common sense that either those, prisons be thrown open for proper inspection, or that they be, declared alto gether illegal and impossible on British soil. In the olden days Ignorance was the Mother of Devotion. The spirit of super stition was developed and strengthened by keeping books out of the way of the com mon people. Schools and books , were, then a source of danger to the church. Whatever education was prized was for the priests, because it gave them power over the people. And hence in Romish countries, .at the present day, we find the state of ignorance something like this — 80 men out of every 100 cannot read, and 90 women out of every 100 cannot read! This is " blissful ignorance ;" and in those countries the people are borne down by a fearful weight of debasement and super stition. But in all Protestant countries, where the children of Romish people must learn something, the church is terribly in earnest about the establishment of schools. This is not because the priest loves schools — not because he loves to have an educated people to work upon — not because "letters" help him in his spiritual trade; but simply because if schools be not provided and con trolled by the church, the children will go to Protestant schools and godless schools, for the parents will not submit that their chil dren shall be so ignorant as themselves. Well, but is not this zeal for education, on thepart of the church, against her own inter ests?. It would be so, if the education were fail- : but it is not fair. It is so con trolled that it is riiade to serve. the cause ot ignorance and superstition precisely as " want of letters" did before; For example, the books which are put into the hands of the young are saturated with Popery. Geography, grammar, history, and even arithmetic is made to teach the authority and power and virtues of the church.' But' suppose the ' children are done with this 'schooling, how is their ability to read made use of for the advantage of super stition and the church ? Very easily ; devotional books are speedily, multiplied. " Apostolship of prayer" are invented— purgatorian societies are set up— lying legends are published— and false histories are cheaply distributed, all that the minds of the people may- be preoccupied by false hood and superstition, and that the entrance of light may be prevented. Simultaneously with this activity in the publication and distribution of superstition and falsehood, there is the authoritative prohibition of the "Index Expurgatorius," or list of books which the Catholic people are for bidden to read. And then there is a large supply, of the newspaper tribe to keep up the irritation about "Catholic wrongs" as the scarecrows of literature to keep the people within the fields of Catholic pasture. Take our Sydney Freeman as a specimen of this " light literature." It is a capital 'auxiliary to St; Mary's.' It never questions anything; that is done or said in that quarter. It is the vehicle .of communica- tion from St. Mary's to the reading " Catholics." ' It is about all the reading which the lower orders venture upon. And its weekly page, besides that it is covered with reading which precisely does the work which " tradition " used to do before, is a constant appeal to the national prejudice of the Catholic Irishman, on the, subject of " oppression, and persecution, of the church;" -But' Freeman is nothing to the papers which are printed in gother places. The Continental Catholic papers, are furious and seditious sheets published by men who intend to keep the people in ignorance, and to fire them with the worst of passions against their Governments. The Romish papers of Rome;are proofs of the tolerance of Emmanuel's rule. The- king displays a patience which is very re markable. His Government bears the constant fulmination of lying and treason from the Vatican — from the so-called Holy Father himself— with a quietness which exceeds our comprehension. No doubt it is borne with that the people, may. contrast constitutional government,, with, priestly assumption; but as the priests are the secret-agents of the Vatican — as their preaching, their confessing, and their in- fluence in the homes of the people give them an advantage which-no Government can ever acquire—it seems a danger to allow the frightful libels, and treason to appear in public prints, which are the weekly supply of Vatican food for the digestion and health of the people. The Romish papers published in England are audacious approaches to Continental models. In England they escape a censorship which is more or less a terror to them on the Continent ; but, taking advantage of this, they come forth from their printing places like a cloud of darkness to pervert facts and to mislead their readers with that cunning craftiness which is known as " Jesuitism." Their political diatribes are curiously mixed with advertisements about " blessed candles" at so much per pound, and with chapters about the won derful power of the "blessed sacrament" to cast out devils from possessed women ! A common text for boastful articles in Romish papers, and equally boastful ser mons -from "Catholic pulpits" is, "Con versions to Catholicity in England." A series of such events has been kept before the public for years past, to the great joy of, " the faithful followers of the Pope," and to the evident annoyance and chagrin of so-called " liberal Protestants." We have been as much amused at the crowing of the former as at the astonishmerit and perplexity, of the latter. As every new " case of conversion to Catholicity" has been chronicled, the faithful have taken heart to repeat the prophecy, "Ah, the whole world will soon be Catholic again ;" and, amid the rejoicing of these wilfully blind admirers of " Catholicity " the liberal Protestants have been heard mur muring and complaining, " How are such conversions to be accounted for ?" To us tqe " events " have been very simple ; the reasons why have been very obvious ; and our astonishment is, not that a few have gone over to Rome, but that many thousands have not taken the step. The last case was that of the Earl of Ripon. Before him there have been others equally conspicuous in wealth and position. And, of course, every such case, when wealth, or social position, or collegiate standing has given eclat to the event, has been rung on the;, bellsi of Cathrlic triumph from the one end of the church /to the other. The inference is always drawn/by . 'the papers and the priests, : "It is the force of truth ; it is England returning to the centre of unity ; ' it is the holy Virgin defending the church and scattering the' heretics;' it is glorious Joseph making manifest his power, as the blessed spouse ; and it - is the certain augury that the church is about to rise and be more power ful than ever." But such bragging is really a proof of weakness and fear. It indicates a consciousness that such conclu- sions are 'not very obvious, since they need to be suggested and manufactured. When the sun shines, nobody needs to cry out " the sun is shining." When darkness is falling no one needs to raise a shout that, " night is coming." If anybody attempted to do this, immediately he would be sus- pdcted of weakness in the head. Every body sees that the Pope is being left alone in his glory. ' Everybody sees, that there is a vast influx of Irish and French and Germans into England, because these people find that Protestant England gives them shelter and liberty which they cannot find in their own countries.; And every- one sees that these people do not always make' the most grateful use of \the privi leges which they enjoy ; but the triumph of Catholicity is not quite so- apparent. Everyone sees, too, that Jesuits and per verts 'have carried out their peculiar morality,; viz., " that the end justifies the means," in the sway that the law has been defied and openly broken, in the way they have grasped at political power, and in the way they', have spread their influence while pretending to be connected, with the Pro testant Church of England; : but 'although all this zeal' and audaciousness has given the Church a sort of galvanic life, it ; is not at/all obvious that England- is ," returning to the centre of unity;" nay the great desire which is shown to circulate this thought 'is a very good ground for the sus- picion/that it is felt to be not-true. It- is not true — it is very far from being the truth — and the ground on which the allegation is made is the -very smallest possible. - What are 20, 30, ,40, or 400 of the, titled, wealthy or cloistered- classes of England to the whole kingdom ? Suppose' that 5000, or 50,000 of the gentry were, to take " softening in the brain " and go over to the petticoats 'and candles and show, of the Romish Church, what would this large number be to the people of England ? Not a' drop in the bucket.' But nothing like. this number has gone over to Romanism. 'The churches, convents, schools 'and colleges which" make so great a show through the everlasting trumpeting of the papers, are not made up of converts; their chief material, is the refugee lot from all the blessed Papal countries where Popery is to be -seen in its true character and effects. Small and feeble though the success of Popery is in England, it is far too much to be despised; , It never would have taken place if the Church of England had been faithful to her Protestantism. It never would' have ' taken place if Dissent had been consistent in its exhibition of the whole truth. It was enough, once upon a time, for Dissent to weaken the Church of England. Even now this is the great aim of many of the Nonconformists. And then, in self-defence, the Bishops have' been diligent in meeting the activity of Dissent. Meanwhile, both have been asleep as to the approaches of the common enemy ; so that the nation, to a very large extent, is totally ignorant of the history and reasons of Protestantism. In spite of the educational status and scientific know- ledge of many of the perverts, we affirm that all of them have been supremely ignorant of the truth of Scripture, and the fundamental principles of Protestantism : and then, along with this ignorance of evangelic truth, there has been for ever operating, in the Church of England, and- therefore among the higher and titled classes, that leaven of Popery and sacer dotalism which was left in her at the time ! of the Reformation, which has perverted and thrown off batches of maudlin papists, ever since. The Church of Rome is wel come to all the perverts which she has made in England. She is. welcome to many more of the weeds which are growing in the garden of theChurch of England. But although all those false-hearted ones were to go over to-morrow, the Romish Church would be as far from her anticipated triumph in England as she is this day — neither Papists nor Romanists will ever be able to tie England to the car of the Holy Father. We are not astonished to find that John Mitchel and the Tipperary boys are onthe ' eve of becoming martyrs. The House of Commons has decided that John Mitchel is an unwashed felon, unfit for the society of loyal and English gentlemen ; but the 'Tipperary boys do not believe in such attention to public cleanness. They insist that their man be admitted to the Parlia ment ; and they intend to show their con tempt for English authority and law by re-electing the said patriot, John Mitchel. Perhaps the Tipperary boys have: a recol- lection of the histoi-y of Dan O'Connell, how, when he was returned after the Emancipa tion Act, he was rejected, and elected again. But we/believe that this time the House of Commons will maintain its own dignity 'and| refuse the compariy of the unpardoned rebel. . But the question which occurs to ,us is this-r-Why is; the- fellow, illegally at: large, and : illegally in England, not re committed ? 1 Why is he not " sent back 'to. the place from jvhence he came." He , is a (prisoner, illegally at large. We sup- pose : that the 1 reason is that, as he has been . twenty-years a free man in America, as' an escapee from Hobart Town, it would ' appear like persecution to deal with him . now as a captured prisoner But "if this is sufficient to stay a great nation 'from dealing with him as ari escapee, it is a sufficient reason why ihis rebellion? j , in the first instance, and his escapement: in ; the second, should not be rewarded by a seat in the Council1 of the nation as ; a man- , entitled to make laws .for: a' loyal people.; We doubt- not that his rejection jvill be ' another of the- " wrongs of Ireland."- - The - priests will take advantage of the, case to ; .stir iip, . the. dying .fires: ,of, Home Rule ; , Fenianism. ... - For- years to; come Ave shall ; doubtless hear- of the " patriot : Mitchel ' and his persecutors,' the English" These; r. horrid English— -they, are the . enemies of , , Ireland— they are. never, done; oppressing . the1 good and peaceful people . of lrelancl ! ? . . 'Althouglvt Dr. ' Cullen declares1 that they are >" bhe most loyal people in the universe,"'' and: Dr.," Manning (Says: that it.isya; "gross.. , inj us tice , to : : doubt their , allegiance to ; the 'British Crown," thei fact is plainly this, that those vagabonds" most inimicalto the; ; English' Crown are the very patriots' who,. , fill 'thdir minds with the greatest enthusi- < asm! i , < ._ !>,. . Sergeant Siiee, who is one of Ireland's cleverest - barristers, and lawyers, \ took/a ; 'lawyer-like1 ;; exception,1 -to . Gladstone's , pamphlet on the V atican. Decrees.. He . tried to bar discussion and to ward, off, the- conclusion to which Gladstone ihad: come, i , by taking the, preliminary objection that: , the'" Vatican Decrees had -not been promul gated in the usual and official manner, and that therefore they were not yet binding on any Catholic's conscience. Resting on this "point" Sergeant Shee declined to feel himself bound to accept the Vatican Decrees, and quietly comforted himself that he, at least, was not included in the expostulation of Gladstone about theloyalty . of Catholics. 'Tt was a very small point, . \yhich probably a Judge would have over ruled in Court,, but it was enough to keep the Sergeant quiet and to prevent his open opposition to the "unity of the church." But/ behold, Archbishop Manning was promptly ready to answer this lawyer-like , " point." Instantly.he communicated with , the Vatican to know what to reply ; and instantly he was informed that the point had been " over-ruled. In our last issue we reprinted the " pastoral " of Dr. Manning, in which the assertion is made officially that the Pope had promulgated the Vatican Decrees with all the necessary formality to make them binding, and that if any one refused to accept them as the word of God and the deliverances and wisdom of the Holy Ghost, these were to be held accursed and no longer "Catholics." The alarm on the part of Manning and the Pope was very natural ; for they dis covered, notwithstanding their boasted in fallibility, that it needed that their in fallibility should be infallibiy declared before any conscience could be bound, or, in other words, before any soul should be sent to hell for doubting and denying it ! Sergeant Shee is now cut oft' from his lawyer-like refuge ; hut this has proved that Gladstone was right in his assertion that to be a " Catholic now " implies a surrender of the intelligence, conscience and reason which one may have, and the , total enslavement of the " Catholic " to foreign dictation. The Late Mr. Arnold. — The city was greatly impressed when the electric wire brought the sad news that Mr. Arnold was drowned in the flood at the Paterson. It is another illustration of the uncertainty of life and of the vanity of present things. We deeply wish we could indulge the hope that his last moments were heaven ward. It is an awful thing to be called into eternity when the great questions of life are yet unsettled. Public life and political prominence ought not to be allowed to shut out the light which has come to us from that other world which is beyond the grave. Arson at New Town. —The man Stanley whose premises were partially burned on the 22nd of last month, at New Town, has been found, by the jury at the inquest, to be guilty of arson, and committed for trial. The evidence was remarkably clear, and the investigation of the coroner particularly good. The culprit was offered by the Insurance Company £70 to settle the claim ; he wanted £120. The valuator said that £40 would cover the damage. The gaol is far better under such circumstances than the lowest sum. A ' ' U nion" Man in Tro uble. — Thecasewhich was tried before the Water Police bench on Wednesday last will be useful we hope. A " union" man employed to go about the shipping .and forbid men working out their own hours or making what agreement they pleased, went on board the Lord Ashley' and coaxed two men to absent themselves from service, and break their agreement even against their own will and judgment, offering them wages even to leave the ship, was convicted of the offence of persuading men to desert, and fined £10 with costs. Unions may be very good, but it is time that such in- terference with men and masters should be put down, The Letter of Mr. Thomas on Education. — We arc glad that the question of education is being considered by others besides the League and the Defence Association. Mr. Thomas's question atlecting the League have been easily answered ;' but his exposure of the absurdities of the portion assumed bjr the defence men is crushing, and no defence man ' has answered him. Where is Mr. Kemmis to solve the problem of defending the present Act which is chiefly in favour of Public schools, and yet maintaining that Denominational schools are the only schools where true Godliness is taught and true religion forstered. Archbishod Polding a Cardinal. — It is said that old Dr. Polding is to get a red hat, red stockings, red gloves, a red cloak, and a pair of red slippers. He will no doubt be then a veritable Apostle ! It is singular that Popery as described in Scripture is represented a3 particularly fond of "red" — a "woman clothed in scarlet" with a good deal of "lace,"' and many gold chains and rings with precious stones,. -To all .the other red distinctions this one ought to be added as decidedlp character istic— a red face. The Vatican Decrees. — We are glad to see -that the pamphlet of Mr. Gladstone is not to be forgotten in nine days. Mi. Leeming, who has -tried concerts, dancing parties, and other usual methods for raising the wind, is going to become a lecturer for the occasion at so much per head. We are quite sure of this that the Protestants wont go and pay a shilling in order to kick up a riot. They will leave him to lecture and do his best ; they may be tempted to reply some day ; but they will give Mr. Leeming the most perfect liberty to say all his say. But it is atrango that such a subject should he given into the hands of an obscure priest. Why does not the great Jupiter come oijji._i.n_ a . formal state ment and refutation, so that people may know that the statements made have the impress of authority ? If Father Leemings do well or badly, it is easy for the Ghurah to adopt or repudiate his performance as it may feel pressed, Dr. Vaughan's puff at Windsor was too brief tt> be dealt with; bat now his chance to set aside lieemiiig and lecture himself. Coming round to Truth and Reason.— We are glad to notice that some of the more candid of the ministers of' the Church of England are abandoning the position at first taken up when -the Educational reform movement commenced. "Hie other day we noticed that the Rev. Mr. Zillmau of Kiama, and the clergymen of that parish had withdrawn the charge of " Godless " against the public schools, and declared in . favour of a uniform and general national system. _ In last week's " Churchman " we notice that the ".Rev. Mr. Shaw, of Scone, who first opposed the "lleform movement, has also come round, by an in vestigation of the Public school books, to adiMit that the charge of "godless" cannot be jaiaiv'itained ; and not only so, but he now ad vises his brethren to accept the public system, and to make the best of it as worthy of their confide, nee and support. This is the progress of light. 'This is an augury of the break-up of the ".Dofenctv" The Sr-rTEKm or; Lent. — Anybody would Jknow that the present season is "Lent." If you pass a Ritualist in the street you see that his soul is afflicted because he is eating nothing but fish and " oxthodox fritters." The female Ritualists are jnst afflicted by wearing heavy crosses of gold and mother pearl, and jet, and putting on additional lumps behind, in the shape of improvers. The Romanists are seriously engaged starving themselves on salmon and eggs. O'Connor and Madden, who wanted an excuse to have a banquet, to Mr. Robertson, thought that for £5 each they might get a diapensation to eat ham and duck on the occasion. But they are doomed to disappointment. And how shall they survive ? on eggs ? on ling ? on milk ? Not a bit of it, when 'baccy and porter are not included in the "lenten pastoral!" sham severity — which makes fat." 