THE STATE OF EU&OPE.; (FBOH ODB oyrs CORRESPONDENTS.) BERLIN, Oot. 26, Those leaders of The Argus who have done your Berlin correspondent the honour of perusing hit letter* 'will not be surprised at the Sultan's * profiting by the Herzegovina rebellion to notary bankruptcy. Though long in business tonderthe attractive firmof Ruler -? of the Faithful, the iUustrioas defaulter has egregwusly'diaappoibted those Who believed his creditors} bygoing and repu diating half his national debt The reasons allegedforthis peculiarly Turkish modeof ? settling booonnta are1 asam using asthe promisee accompanying them.The step, the Saltan with majestic good nature tells the wondering world, has been taken solely in the interes&s; of his creditons. The last, few .yBars' loans have been regularly re quired to cover, the interest an previous operations. To prolong this irrational system would have . ultimately produced the direst consequences. Ta obviate thstq, the Saltan has thought it for the interest of all concerned to resort to the beneficial ex pedient recommended. by . the. wise coun cillors surrounding his ever to be glorified throne. In other words, the insolvent with holds half that the whole may not be lost. Of course, it never enters his tnrbaned head that'a similar result might have been ob tained without any of the attendant evils of his present method had his expenditure been reduced. As the suc cessor of' the CaliphB, he cannot afford to maintain less than 6,000 women, eunuchs, and valets in his various palaces. The Saltan, I need hardly say, is far too experienced a financier to declare half to 'scrip as abolished and done away with. All he begs to intimate is that circumstances oblige him to withhold half the interest for a period of five years, after which payment in full will be resumed. For the interest withheld a new sort of scrip is to be issued, to bear likewise five1 per cent interest. The reply of the European monfey market to these intimations was the sending down the stock to a figure which plainly shows that all hope of recovering the repudiated half has been abandoned. The reason of this general mistrust may be explained in a very few words. Up to 1^54 Turkey was considered altogether too unreliable a con cern'to deserve credit. In that year the .Western powers, hoping to perpetuate her existence, if she could only be saved from Russian attack, gallantly assisted her with their troops, and imprudently introduced her to their hankers. In the 20 years that have since elapsed,'the Ottoman Governments who had no ttonsolidated debt whatsbever ih' till li^nnil 1 . a they gathered oourage as they went on! and in 1865 asked for£36,000,00ft to increase Jtheir demand to £40,000,000 last year, Though this money had to be tUfal at a Ux& of from 16 to 30 percent, and at an fin tenet gpinfr between ,5, and % pet cent, the Salum ooold never heiadttoad to t&Birii; hi perednal'expeaditurelwhich, -to £2,000,000, consumes aboutftiie tentnpart of the total outlay, and the fifth or sixth part of the revenue, properly speaking. ? without troubling you with too many figures the above will suffice to show that the of £20,000,000 a year lately required to pro. long the eaastence of that voonomic oommon wpaltivwere very considerably to 'excess bf the amount of interest paid hitherto, and now -refused.- Hmicethe present measure wpold do away with the necessity of se&dihg; roond the plate only if the current expendi ture of tab realm could he curtailed. There not being die ghost of a chance in direction, redaction of interest will neither wmT Saltan to tt&kft; up for interest withheld'- nor dispense with future loans. Bat will there be subscriptions worth naming, and what will the terms be tfvenjf* trifle can be got together? Add to this theextra bleeding occasioned bj the pre sent and prospective rebellions, said it mustJ be. confessed that the look-out is none of the brightest^. At the pitch matters have arrived ltto conceal1 that the downfall of Turkey most be accelerated by ! these proceedings. Were the Sultan to turn over a new leaf, and becoAe athrifty house holder instead1 of beinga most frivolous1 ipend thrift, there might ytt be hopes. As it a. only the wildest imagination can see any.' were he in * pesition to -fceep.tout of tin1 money.market at least iorMa little while, he might hug himself in tofc tfweet conscious;" toatlb thd Asfj . fchsje; twr 'tare'in riJByrle wmr.'trat the Turks, fttr whose gehertiiBing fcwbarism nice distinctions are Kpt to be troublesome, have lately intro anped a remarkable simplicity into their vuman tfttyfev A Christian Tillage occupied after battle, and suspected of conniving wifh Hie insurgents, were it only for its geo graphical proxraity to the scene, is forthwith pi eared of its inhabitants, and burned to the ground before their eyes. Then the inhabi tants are dealt with methodically. The., women having been dishonoured in presence of the men. the latter hare certain members chopped off before the eyeB of the women, after which merciful death is allowed to I step in, groups of males sad fe ttales havmgtheir beads severed from their bodies alternately. If this veracaous picture of. poptilar prosperity in Tnrkey 1b placed sideh^tid^witb we statement of the financial ©pfertttyns by 'which means the existence <or the Monarchy is prolonged, the only two letitaifes of 'Turkish life Worth re oordingharo beenpreaented tp ttte reader.' The portrait* of jthe twb principal leaders .of 'the Hers^bylnfcBewill be an interesting »t itdrWh*t has preceded. Lubo »gman of 30, is a native of j Atiotrian provinceof Dal? leftr&l;&pajrt; ol whose inhabitants g^Ia&mpge;, iaad descent,with Jovinpee, Having acquired some cul , _ ie «a6re civilised land ia which he had the 9QQA:in£k to be born, Nb has been elevated to the thftk of leading strategist and diplomatist among the wild sons of the hills. Tall andhandsome, as are all his countrymen, he i wears the UBnal Montenegrin dress-a fantastic compromise between the wide trousers of the Turk, the embroidered jacket of the Greek, and the high gaiters and long- banging sash of the Sclave. He speaks his own Servian and Italian-the .latter the language of the educated classes very welL ; He converses pretty freely In French, and has a smattering of German. Though a man who professes a taste for Italian {Ktetnr; and confronting the Turk with IkLntt m hfij -pocket, he invariably shares all the fatigues and hardships of. his men. He hangers by day, roves abont at night, and in the early dawii or the approaching twilight of eve executes those murderous assaults unparalleled in the history of Europe. It is said of him that he has never killed a prisoner. : Through adapting himself . to the genius of the locality, and tolerating the inevitable, he never attempts to prevent their being knocked down by the less poetic among his men. Indeed, if there were any excuse for the deeds of butchery done on either tide, the insurgents might plead their inability to detain, or even maintain, those they have captured. Hiding in mountain villages, caverns, and ravines, shifting about constantly while on Turkish soil, and then again looking;for shelter in Servia, Mon te degro, and TD&lmatia;, they would find it exceedingly difficult to carry their prisoners witih them, and absolutely impossible to feed _ 'ithl Lubobratitch another individual, called Eiko Paolovitch, is associated in the supreme command. If Lubobratitch repre sents thefew European men of the race,Piko is a fair specimen of the average wolf of the hills. He is about 45, with a monstrously big! head, rigid features, and . fiery eyefc. He takes intense delight in the woik allotted 'him by fate, and -per. hajte would regard liberty and the cessa* tion of retributive murder as rather tame fare. Ordinarily slow and sleepy,, like a ; recumbent lion, his threatening wfryt and elaitic build betray that he is notdeficient in Che attributes of the roused animal either, 2ejouinot':and nor write, bat . to make up forjthis lam rotable shortcoming he is saw to <have_ invented a new and expeditious node of. severing nose and up with a sipgle'circular swoop of the hanjar. .His men 'confide in his astute tactins' no a than in his bravery, and as he is to thirst for blood alonB, to sioi even of plunder, the populirityhe ac . quires by the sword is increased by his mid inaffferenqe to filthyluere. To Lu taatibSi ho is greaay attached, regarding at esberoandscbdlar alike. Were Lubo find, fault With the practice of iingTnrks heads into pyramids, having sen intfcl qualms Upon the subject, he would ?".blybe (Bsgbsted, but Jie hastcankly seed Ms admiration of thescdbe, who, luropean in manners,'is Jet a tegular .-/ian in spirit So the Well-matched pair go on working together in perfect harmony, 1 the one sabring off heads, the overlooking the, other wa$ while the ceremony lasts. SThough the minion of the mediating eon. sols has some to hothing, the gentleinan entrusted with this abortive taskars still assembled at Mostar, the capital of Herze v^na. There is some talk of the '.oonsuls ihg commissioned to enter into nuotfc tiow with the Torirish plenipotentlatyon the;delicate Subject of nistrative reform. IT thtaishi^^oome to pees, the inference tb te derived .*o',Prolo«g tfa<> comedy «et taTtooi to side, their disagreement. 'TftatnoiefbtinB beobtalned with the Tartbusttovera m> pullihg dlffertnt wasye fc sia, who availed ±StBtU ofthe war of titroie aen^ the Paris Treaty of 1856, to ~fc'iigfor«not^r European catastrophe to the 'Bast thoroughly in hand, by ^tateirenti<m^olTrival^^J^c^. )tf#a rayMi, supports the Turk by deeds, though ahe is too, duuiing dt>. worts. Ansteia, whom, te interests compel to try and titn w>e] present )idl to _ account, advocates xuvm,. H her demands were oompUedwith tbejrastthwotjld have no occasion to wish for ~ Bucoert and annexation when it is \- to him again. England and Ger iy waver between Russia and Austiia. do aot fttartly know whi^ side to P^hioiparacloTS have lenly changed, hands. Were Austria ig enough to bice her policy Upon the *HSv ^ .support her might not be ooniidezed inexpedient in Loowil but as Au trie's fitness for so gigantic an under tsk ng mainly depends upon (he switfrtanno ? S? - or Franoe, - the attitude <* the Bn ish Cabinet ie naturally reeerved. ig ints^ npon sqnadng acooonts with luUikely to ftnngthen ^-Ja4s hand in a jame diiecHd not eo mu h acainst Tarkey as a«ain*6 Baaela. whi ee jiitance she desines rwiiereas Oer-; mai »y. thongh th«re we^tiwee who believe tha sbe would not be disinclined to ooim> ?A^tace theaotioDSofthe VismiaOibinet, is rly not Ui a position to show her oolours. «fif< teiiti AU) I Then to * T '»*. the Austrian Court Who, frith tifaw galliilg retalntooenoes of 1866 uppermost Ja vtheir minds, le 'sympathy tof Germ&n; itobelleve In it, would Scfttple to 'desert this . iu.l ... Government in the thick of a combined action, oonld their desertion lead to the de feat of the bated rival. Hence. supposing Germany to lie prtpared to seoona Austria, nothing decisive can come of it nnleeB Atntria first oommita herself to a decree which "would fcefem to prevent her hacking ontof it In all probability it is the hesitationof Austriatotake tile leap which makes the rebellion sway to and fro as it does. From the evidence which has latterly come to the surface, it is certain that Austria at first not only cdmiiyed at the'rebellion, but abtialty» tnooufaged .it Upbn Russia beginning to mobilise' and thevittirious Yenaaks asking for 'inojTe ext&naivr; con nftfttit 4iil<)r4ka« 'wnnM' HaVa' pODUftdQlL Oi pWjWw uavo ueu yu |iuovii«»u' i soil, where ihany bf them are feuccuiabihgtoJ,j hanger and cola, notwithstanding that the ' Vienna' Government fcpend"£400 a' day in alleviating their Bufferings. Ifce appeals made in their behalf by the Servian fend > Montenegran archbishops are heartrending; After a long delay, the promisedvidit of the German Emperor to Italy has beien made. The -King spared the Emperor the tudpleasant ness of going to Rome, where the Pepe would have been sure daring his stay to curse hSm with demonstrative publicity. The in terview between William and Victor Emmanuel took plaoe at Milan. There was a good deal of enthusiasm displayed by the impulsive Italians, on seeing tbe im perial' warrior surrounded by his civil and military Btaff. Though Bismarck was pre vented going by an attack of bis eternal neuralgia, Moltke, Steinacher, Bolow, and many other famous names appeared in tbe suite of their Sovereign, The festivities occupied several days, and were succeeded by a short rest, recommended to the Emperor by his physicians, before returning home. The relations between the two Governments having reoently much improved, it is hoped that the vtvcu shouted by a gay and sym pathetic crowd in the streets of the Lombard capital will be confirmed by the future bear ing of the Roman Government towards the German. Though Victor Emmanuel fancied' he had best consulted his interests by pro* mising to aide with Franoe in 1870,-a promise not fulfilled as France lost one battle after the ether, the circumstances prompting his anti-German action in those critical days no longer exist. He has not a Rome to con quer, that capital having, been handed over to him in return for the promise madeimme> diately before the battle of Woerth, and for gotten directly after. . He has discovered Gerinany to be a match for Franoe, however graVely the fact was doubted anterior to the war, and he must have realised .the tniih that *er® be again to defy this Govern ment Germany, whodeclined to help to re store the temporal power of the Pope after her viptory. nught be tempted to adopt an opposite oouttfc, ttf the manifest injury, & not to .the lastfnr damage, of Hsb Hoase of SaVoy. It having been prcrred by the history ot tbe last five yean that fbe Popefcasno infkenoe upon the cultivated' tookR* of this country, while the lower dnwia thongh .they obey the priest at the poll,-, will not go a step beyond* it is a matter of oom paratuce indifference to Germany whether the Popeia restored to sovereign power or not The moat important section of the Germans having already freed 4hemselvae from Ms dictate* will bo emancipated aaedn-. cation progisesee, The reasons which made the German Government declare the re papa in 1870 havet ceased:to be in 1876. This .change, in the domestic and -foreign situation,of.Gegnany being perfectly understood o$. either sule the Alps* the fripndahip between Rome Mid Benin would,aeon to he. established on . firm hens of common interest and mutual respect It (ta deserving ofnotioe, after many previous utterances in the same charitable vein, that the Pope, at an «adienae 