GATfiHOUSICAL. IT was ex-Mayor Gatehouse, gentleman, esquire, and all the rest, Went down to hear the opera, and gaily wa;s he dressed; But ere he entered, it is said, lib took a little sup— 8o when he saw the Doctor, his Dutch monkey it got up, And then says jie,, hiiariguagemost geiiteel and guite polite, " By dll the saveloys in town, I'll pundliyourhMd^d-night." Then, ex-Mayor Gatehouse, gentleman, esquire, and all the rest, He puffed himself up like a frog and tapped his manly breast, Says he, " I am a councillor aud ex-Mayor of this town, And 4 blavvst me,' as George Bowen says, I'm bound to put you down. I'll have no writers here at all, I owe them all a grudge." Then says the Doctor quietly, " Old Cabbage Tree, that's fudge." Then ex-Mayor Gatehouse, gentleman, his feelings they were hurt, And so he cast aside his coat and squared up in his shirt; " Come on," says he, " you Doctor-mau and writer for the press, You're very small and I am bound to make you something less; I'll let you have a dose of these two fists by way of pills.' Then says the Doctor—Cabbage Tree, Til call the ghost of Mills." \ Then ex-Mayor Gatehouse, gentleman, he gave ia frightful roar. For what the Doctor said, it seems, liiid touched him on the sore: " The ghost of ancient Mills," said he, and spoke in dismal croaks, " He never had two better friends than me and Dublin Stokes; He never had two dearer friends—but come, get up aud trudge." Then said the Doctor quietly, " Old Cabbage Tree, that's fudge." Then ex-Mayor Gatehouse, gentleman, no longer could resist, Aud strove to slay the Doctor, but brave Lyster caught MB fiat; And " Mister ex-Mayor, gentleman," says he, " put on your clothes, And then be led our hero forth politely by the nose; And" when the Doctor saw that scene he dropped a tear of joy, While Lyster pulled the nose and left it like a saveloy. Tt is the hour when cockatoos stream forth their plaintive lays, That through the Fawkner's fragrant park a lonely wanderer strays ; A hat that's called a "cabbage tree" he weareth on his head, And sorrow marks hiui for her own, for all hie joys have fled. Now who is yon pale wanderer whom grief hath so oppressed ? 'Tis ex-Mayor Gatehouse, gentleman, esquire, aud all the rest— And thus he sorely does lament:— But we hold over the lamentation till next week, as our poet has not written it yet. 