GLIMPSES OF THE SUPER NATURAL. The following interesting extracts are taken from the recently-published work, bearing the above title, by the Rev. F. G. Lee, D.C.L. The first is told to illustrate the effect of a curse pronounced oy a young iaay on ner treacnerons lover, who had seduced her under pro- mise or marriage, ana tnen deserted ner. At their final meeting, in the presence of a female relation, on whose statement the story rests, he behaved with great brutality, and at length, after solemnly cursing him, she declared that she should shortly "die — as she did, five months afterwards in giving birth to her child — but would haunt him to tee day of his death. " And you," she added, turning to her cousin, "shall be the witness." The stoty proceeds thus : — "Five years had passed, and the female cousin of the old yeoman, being possessed of a competency, had gone to live in London, when, on a certain morning in the spring of tee year 1842, she was pasting by a church in tee West End, where, from the number of carriages waiting, she saw that a mar riage was being solemnised. She felt mysteriously and instinctively drawn to look iu. On doiug so, and pressing forwards towards the altar, she beheld to her astonishment the very man, some what altered and weather-worn, who had caused so much misery to her relations, beins married fas. on inauirv. she dis- covered) to the danghter of a rich city merchant This affected her deeply, as briugiug back the saddest memories of the past. Bat, ss tee bridal party were passing out of the church, and she pushed forward to look, and be quite sure that Bhe had made no mistake, both herself and tee bridegroom at one mo ment saw an apparition of her relation, the poor girl whom he had ruined, dressed in white, with flowing hair anda wild look, holding np in bote hands her little infant. Bote seemed perfectly natural in appearance, and to be of ordinary flesh and blood. There was no mistaking her certain identity. This occurred in tee fall sunshine of noon, and under a heavy Palladian porch, in tee presence of a crowd. The bride groom turned deathly pale in a moment, trembled violently, and teen staggering, fell forward down the steps. This occasioned a vast stir and sensation amongst the crowd. It seemed incom prehensible. The bridegroom, said the church officials in answer to inquiries, was in a fit. He was carried down the steps, and taken in the bridal carriage to his father-in-law's house. But it was reported that he never spoke again ; and this fact is mentioned in a contempo rary newspaper account of tee event. Anyhow, his marriage and death ap peared in the same number of one of the daily papers." The author adds that the truth of this narrative was affirmed on oath by the lady in question, before two justices of the peace, one of whom was personally known to himself, at Windsor, in 1848. Perhaps the strangest of the dreams related is teat of a Mr. Perring, vicar of a parish in tee suburbs of London forty- five years ago, who had lost his son, a handsome boy of sixteen, and two nights after his burial in the vaults of drosml. fwiM mnnino til at. the boy stood by his bedside, in a shroud spotted with blood, and ciying, " Father, father, come and defend me ! They will not let me rest ' quiet in my coffin ; they are mangling me !" The unhappy father rose veiy early, and went straight to the clerk's house, who, ou being roused, stated that the key of the vault was broken, and bad gone to be repaired, whereupon the vicar in sisted on Ins accompanying him at once to the blacksmith for a crow-bar, as he was resolved at once to enter the vault and see the coffin ; — " The recollections of the dream were now becoming more and more vivid, and the scrutiny about to be made assumed a solemnity mingled with awe, which tee agitation of the father ren dered terrible to the agents in this forcible interruption into tee resting- place of the dead. Bnt the hinges were speedily rent asunder — tee bar and bolts were beaten in and bent beneath the heavy hammer of the smith — and at length, with tottering and outstretched hands, the maddened parent Btnmbled and fell Hi» son's coffin had been lifted from tee recess at the vault's side, and deposited on the brick floor; the lid, released from every screw, lay loose at top, and the body, enveloped in its shroud, on which were several dark spots below the chin, lay exposed to view ; tee head had been raised, the broad riband had been removed from under the jaw, which new hung down with the most ghastly horror of expres sion, as if to tell with more terrific certainty the truth of tee preceding night's virion. Every tooth in. the head had been drawn ! " The young man. had when living a beautiful set of sound teeth. The clerk's son, who was a barber, cupper and den tist, had possessed himself of the keys, and eventually of the teeth, for tee pur- pose of profitable employment of 60 ex cellent a set in his line of business. The feelings of the Rev. Mr. Perring can be easily conceived. The event affected his mind through the remaining term of his existence ; but what became of the de linquent, whose sacrilegious hand had tens rifled the tomb, was never after wards correctly ascertained. He de camped the same day, and was supposed to have enlisted as a soldier. The clerk was iguominiously displaced, and did not long survive the transaction. Some years afterwards, his house was palled down to make room for extensive improvements and new buildings in the village." There are many circumstantial ac counts of appearances to relations or intimate friends at tee moment of death. Dr. Lee gives a foil record of the Wyn- yard and Lyttleton apparitions, the documents for the latter being supplied to bim by the present Lord Lyttelton. But the most marvellous story is that of the well-known " Beresford Ghost," or as Dr. Lee calls it, "Apparition." It dates from the close of the seventeenth century or the early year of the eighteenth. In this; as in many other instances on re cord, two personshad promised each other that; whichever of them died first would, if possible, appear to tee other. Lady Beresford, on her death-bed, related the following result to her son and to her " friend," so called in the narrative, bat really her granddaughter, Lady Betty Cobbe: — " I have something," she said, " of the greatest importance to communicate to you both before I die, a period which is not fer distant Yon, Lady Betty, are no stranger to the friendship which sub sisted between Lord Tyrone and myself ; we were educated under the same roof, and in the same principles of deism. When tee friends, into whose hands we afterwards fell, endeavoured to persuade us to embrace tvevealed Beligion, their arguments, though insufficient to con vince, were powerful to stagger our for mer feelings, and to leave ub wavering between the two opinions : in this per plexing state of doubt and uncertainty, we made a solemn promise to each other that whichever died first should (if per mitted) appear to the other, and declare what religion was most acceptable to God ; accordingly, one night, while Sir Martin and myself were in bed, I sud denly awoke and discovered Lord Tyrone sitting by my bedside. I screamed out and endeavoured to awake Sir Martin. For Heaven's sake,' I exclaimed, ' Lord Tyrone, by what means or for what rea son came you hither at this time of night ' ' Have yon then forgotten ourpro- mise ' said he ; ' I died last Tuesday at four o'clock, and have been permitted by the Supreme Bring to appear to yon, to assure you that the Revealed Religion is true, and the only religion by which we can be saved. I am further suffered to inform you that you will soon produce a son, who it is decreed will marry my daughter : not munv vaars after his hirth Sir Martin will die, and you will marry again, and to a man by whose ill-treat ment you will be rendered miserable ; you will have two daughters and after wards a eon, in childbirth of whom you will die iu the forty-seventh year of your age.' 'Just Heavens !' I exclaimed, ' and cannot I prevent this f ' Undoubtedly,' returned the spectre ; ' yon are a free agent, and may prevent it all by resist ing every temptation to a second mar riage; but your passiouB are strong, yon know not their power ; hitherto you havehad no trials. More I am not permit ted to reveal, but if after this warning you persist in your infidelity, your lot in another world will be miserable iudecd.' ' May I not ask,' said I, ' if you are happy V ' Had I been otherwise,' he replied, I should not have been per mitted to appear to you.' ' I may, then, infer that yon are happy ' He smiled. ' Bat how,' said I, ' when morning comes shall I know that your appearance to me has been real, and not the mere repre sentation of my own imagination ?' ' Will not the news of my death be suffi cient to convince yon 1' ' No,' I returned, ' I might have had snch a dream, and that dream accidentiy come to pass. I will have aome stronger proofs of its reality.' 'You shall,' said he, and waving his hand, the bed curtains, which were crim son velvet, were instantly drawn through a large iron hoop by which the tester of tbe bed was suspended. ' In that,' said he, 'yon cannot be mistaken ; no mortal arm could have performed this.' ' True," said L ' but sleeping we are often possessed of more strength than when awake ; though waking I could not have done it, asleep I might ; and I shall still doubt.' ' Here is a pocket- book ; in this,' said he, 1 1 will write my name ; yon know my handwring.' I replied, Yes.' He wrote with a pencil on one side of the leaves. ' Still,' said L ' in the morning I may donbt ; though wak ing I could not imitate your band, asleep I might' ' You are hard of be lief,' said he. ' Touch would injure you irreparably ; it is not for spirits to tonch mortal flesh.' 'I do not,' said I, •re gard a slight blemish.' 'Yon are a woman of courage,' said he, ' hold ont yonr hand.' I did ; he struck my wrist; his hand was as cold as marble ; in a moment the smews shrunk up, every nerve withered. ' Now ' said he, ' while you live let no moral eye behold that wrist ; to see it is sacrilege.' He stopped ; I turned to him again ; he was gone. 