THE MERCURY. WEDNESDA Y MORNING, FEB. 10, 1875. THE fact that the Victorian and Tasmanian Wesleyan Annual Church Conference, now sitting in Melbourne, ÍB carrying on its deliberations with closed doors, has, as it has always done, caused much dissatisfaction in both Colonies ; and almost every Victorian journal, provincial as well as metropolitan, contains letters of protest and remonstrance on the subject. The course adopted by the Conference in this respect has been unexpectedly and fiercely challenged, and it must be admitted that the ilefonce has not been so ably or so skilfully conducted as the attack. It has been urged in justification of the step taken by the Conference that it is, and always lues been, tho law of the Wesleyan Church, and that a similar course has always been observed in England ; but it can bo re- plied with equal force that the mero citation of precedent by no means clears away the objec- tionable nature of the course adopted. At the commencement of the Conference a resolution was adopted, to the effect that it should hence- forth be understood that the newspapers de- siring reports of the annual Conferences should mako theil' own an ¡ingénient a with any " minister " in the Conference, who might be willing to act as reporter. Hitherto the Confer- ence has always appointed reporters to furnish the newspapers with reliable information, but suddenly, and quite unreasonably, it hits this year resolved to appoint none, but to allow any minister to report for any paper that might arrange with him to do so. This desired mode of chronicling the proceedings of the Ccm I ference might, no doubt, alleviate a great I deal of inconvenience, if not prying im- pertinence ; but tho notion nover appears to have been present to the itugiiBt body who passed the resolution, that a report furnished by a minister attending Conference might not be altogether an independent one, or free from bias. Presa reporters are emphatically the direct and responsible representatives of the public, and their exclusion front the meeting of any important public body, is a direct acknow- ledgment of fear and general distrust on the part of that body. If the Wesleyan Con- ference premeditátcdly disconnects itself in its most important bearings from its most oarnest adherents, it must bp pruparod to meet the conséquences of such sacerdotal assumption and defiance. Questions of the highest import to the laity have been discussed during the present session, and the only mean« of obtaining informa- tion as to the mode of procedure, is by the filtered or garbled extracts of a, iprobably, interested individual. Wo do not desire to cast aspersion on, or ^oubt the voracity or integrity of, any minister who might undortako the responsibility of furnishing a report of the proceedings to the Press ; but it can neither be concealed jwr aet aside that such a report could not;¡be received with the same degree of satisfaction as if it caine from a more independent source.' With simulated frankness, and by way of sot-off to such a double-shuffle line of conduct, the Con- ference plausibly intimates that full reports of tho proceedings will appear in the Wesleyan Chronicle within two days after the Conference closes ; but the Conference apparently forgot, or deliberately omitted to mention, that the pub- lication referred to is neither more nor less than "au obscuro religious periodical, which even a Wesleyan may be excused for knowing nothing about." The unjustifiable proceeding of sitting with closed doors during tho recent session is rendered all the less tolerable, be- cause, a« before mentioned, subjects of an un usually important character «nine on for dis cussion. For example, the question of lay representation, which has recently caused so much excitement amongst the laity. Last year the Conference appointed a mixed committee of laymen and ministers to consider the whole question of lay representation in Conference, and to report to the various district meetings in November. The report of the committee was carefully considered in the district meetings, when the laymen were present, and, with some few amendments, was sent on to Conference. As a matter of course, the laity became deeply interested as to the issue of the question, and naturally desired to be amply informed as to the spirit in which their claims were received by their ministers. And what is the amount of the information afforded them ? It combines biblical plainness and uncanonical brevity ; so that, if it contains any intrinsic interest, it must, like charming old STKPHKN MONTIUONE'S virtue, " have got in by stealth." It is \--Something lauder than a bee's demur, Before he 'lights upon a bunch of broom. So far as we have been able to ascertain, the entire and much-coveted information occupies four lines of print, and is embodied in a letter from the Rev. E. S. BICKFORD, addressed to the Ballarat Conrirr. It is as follows ;-" The Conference, when the laymen were present, considered the reports as sent up from the various district meetings, and agreed upon a scheme to be recommended to the general Conference, which will meet in Melbourne in May next." Thus public discussion is arbitrarily snuffed out by the arrogant claims of a Protestant Nonconformist Church, and the individuals most deeply interested are comforted by the ' assurance that full reports will be published " within two days after the Conference closes." However determinedly the Wesleyan Conference may cling ' to its much cherished and loudly-vaünted precedents, it may rest assured that if it desires to maintain its influence among its adherents, it must, sooner or later, admit the public to its delibera- tions. If not, it must elect to "stand shadow less like silence, listening to silence." The Anglican Church and the Presbyterian Church admit representatives of the Press to their annual meetings, so that tho members of those churches are allowed the privilege of reading reports of the proceedings ; but the Wesleyan Conference has ruled that no Mothodist shall be permitted auch an inestimable boon unless the "reports of the proceedings," like quack medicines, bear the authorised trade mark. Is the Conference ashamed of its proceedings, or does it fear the exposure that confidence-com- forting and assuring confidence-does not exist, nor never has existed, between itself and the members of the Church? If neither of these positions he true, it is high time they received unequivocal denial. 'Until that denial is given in the form of open délibération, public suspicion and clamour will be kept alive. Alluding to the j present aspect of Methodism, a writer in the I Ballarat Star remarks : " That the present condition of thlnga muat be changed, that ita oligarchical government must be brought ¡uto closer harmony with the institutions and spirit of tho age, is seen and acknowledged. Hence the determination to admit laymen to the Conference. But the fine_ point of contention ia, what are the condition« of admission Î What functions will devolve upon them when admitted? The proposal of the Conference ia to allow the laymen to engage in all deliberation« on mattera of finiuco ; but other mattera, auch a« thoae pertaining to ministerial status aud conduct, to the appoint- ment of ministoi« to circuits, and the receiving of men na minister«, and all auch matter«, are to be exclusively dealt with by the ministers. Now, when it ii known that at preseut all financial mattera are dealt with by what are known a« ennnexional oommitteea which are composed of laymen and minister«-the pro- posal of thi Conference amount« to «imply an annulling of thoae committees, and the transfer of them to the conference, a proposal which to us appear« to be a mockery and delusion, if not insulting. Fiom a minis- terial, or Conference point of viow, very much is made of the fact, that a mixed commtitoe of miniatera and laymen have «at to eousidor the condition« on which laymen aro to lie admitted to this sacred assembly ; but, the value of thi« is «eon when we learn that all these lay gentlemen are the nominees of the minister«, and who, as a rule, swear by Jupiter more vehemently than Jupiter swears by himsolf ; «o that any recommendation« emanating from a body con- stituted in such a miinuor canuot be accepted na repre- senting the wishes of the people. The ground taken by Wealeyan miniatera baa alwiy« appeared to us to be somewhat anomalous and illogical. They discard all priestly, all sacerdotal preteuaiona, in their theory of church government, aud yet, in practice aud the actuali- ties of that government, they assert their pastoral rights after a most rigoious fashion." THE BRICKFIELDS ESTABLISHMENT.-Yesterday afternoon, His Excellonoy the Governor, acconi Earned by the Hon. the Colonial Secretary and the [on. the Attorney-General aud Mr. Weld-Blundell, private secretary, viaited the Male Invalid Depot, Brickfields. The party were shown over the whole establishment anti stores by Mr. Wi thring ton, the Superintendent. His Excellency expressed himself much pleased with the cleanliness and order that everywhere prevailed, and made an entry, recom- mending the immediate fitting up of the con- templated new bath. His Excellency also expressed his satisfaction on visiting the newsroom, and said it would alford him much pleasure to follow the example of his predecessor, and supply the reading room with such publioatioiiB as had been sent by Mr. Du Cane. In connection with the reading room, we may add that the Superintendent will be ' glad to receive papers, periodicals, aud books {or the use of the inmates, and acknowledges recent donations from the _ following gentleman :-The Mayor, sundry Magazines, including All the Year Round, Family Treasury, &c.; ; Mr. Bendall, 21 volumes books ; and a small donation from Mr. Gruncell, junior. CAMPBELL-STREET O40L.-After having examined the Brickfields establishment, His Excellency the Governor, accompanied,by the sanie gentlemen, ami also by Mr. Swan, the Sheriff, paid a visit to the prison, Cumpbell-street, which they were shown over by Mr. Atkiu». His Excellency inspected the establishment minutely, and as in the case of the Brickfields, expressed great satisfaction with tim general good order and cleanliness. As a matter of course he had to baten to »omo complaints and appli- cations, and received petitious from certain of the prisoners under, sentence. AN INVESTIGATION REQUIRED.-On Saturday night two compositors engaged on this journal deserted their service, and proceeded to Launceston, on their way to Melbourne. On Monday warrants were obtained for the apprehension of the runna- ways, and placed in the hands of the territorial police, a telegram having at same time been des- patched to Mr. Superintendent Coulter, Launceston, intimating that the warrant would reach him by yesterday morning's mail, the Tamar being adver- tised to sail at 2'30 p.m. In the course of yesterday forenoon, Chief District Constable Quod- ling received a telegram from Mr. Coulter, inti- mating that the warrant had not been received at Launceston, and that therefore he could not appre- hend the persons against whom it was issued. This led to inquiries, and in the course of the afternoon, it was ascertained that the letter enclosing the warrant, was lying in the post office, Hobart Town, bearing the post office mark of having been posted not on Monday, but yesterday. Mr. Quodling's statement is that the letter enclosing the warrant was, with some half-dozen other letters, sent by him to the post-office on Monday afternoon by Con- stable Cleary,who it appears,acts as territorial police messenger here. From further inquiries we learn that all the other letter, if sent, were despatched on Mon- day, and that the letter, with the warrant against the absconding printers, was alone detained and posted yesterday. We hazard no conjecture. We simply state a fact, showing what has every appearance of wilful neglect somewhere. By that neglect there has been a gross and, we fear, intentional failure of justice. An Inquiry is imperatively demanded, and the purification of the police force, Of course, at present, no one will acknowledge himself to blame. Probably the omission would not have occurred were the policé business less matter of common talk from the highest to the lowest in many of the offices. TBLKQIUFIIIC FE.IT.-Our remarks in yesterday's Mercury on the fact- discreditable to the tele- graphic system of the colonies, that though the Nubia must have been sighted off Glenelg on Sunday afternoon, aud actually arrived there at 8 o'clock that evening, no intimation of the circum- stance was received here till near mid-day on Monday, has caused some little flutter in telegraphic dovecots, and the superintendent here has had the assurance sent him from Melbouruo that the arrival of the Nubia at Glenelg was not known in Melbourne till 10 o'clock on Mouday morning and Mr. Packer appears to think we should believe this, and adds that an enquiry would be instituted into the cause of the delay or neglect. Wo certainly do not doubt Mr. Packer's good faith. We have no reason to doubt the statement of those on whose assurance he relies. But we Bhall be curious in tho arrival of the Tasman this morning as to whether the Melbourne papers of Monday morning were at ignorant of the arrival of the mail at Glenelg, as we are asked to believe «ere the Melbourne operators. PRESENTATION- TO THE REV. CASON BROMBÏ.-A meetiug of those confirmed by the Lord Bishop of Tasmania on the 16th of Deoember, was held last night, st the Harrington-street school room, to present to the Rev. H. B. Bromby a testimonial in recognition of his kindness to them during the many months of preparation. Mr. Arnold was voted to the chair, and in a few appropriate words expressed the deep sense sense of gratitude felt by all present to the Rev. gentleman. He then called upon Mr. Pretyman to read the address, which, having been done, the Rev. Mr. Bromby said that upon his return to town that afternoon he was agreeably surprised to lind the invitation asking him to attend the meeting. He had hurriedly prepared a few words in reply. The reply was then read. After which a vote of thanks to the committee waa passed by acclama tion,and thosepreaent having admired the testimonial which took the form of a very handsome arm-chair, reading easel, and mother of pearl inkstand, the meeting, whioh was very enthusiastic, closed. THE GHOST.-The cruel conduct of the mis- chievous ghost manufacturers has had a stop put on it, and not before time, for though it may seem difficult to believe in such a thing at this period of the 19th century, there can be no doubt that several persons have been frightened to a degree cnusing bodily and mental suffering. The guilty offenders are well known, and yet nothing, in so far as we have heard, has been done to bring them _ to justice, or even to expose them. How is this? Are some of the offenders among the " respectables," ¡ and, therefore, to be permitted to do mischief with impunity ; or has the offence been squared ? If so, at what price, aud for whose profit? DEPARTURES FOR SVDNEY.-The Sydney team of cricketers left yesterday for horae.by the steamship City of Hobart. On the steamer leaving the wharf, the departing cricketers, who had mustered on tho bridge, gave three cheers foi- their late opponents. The latter, who were Btationed'on the wharf, cor dinlly returned the- compliment. By the same steamer, the Right'Rev. Dr. Murray,'Biabop of Maitland, was 'a- passenger, and a-number of the Roman Catholic 'clergy, and friends assembled nn the wharf, and wished the rev. gentleman a pleasant voyagé. Mr. and Mrs. Hoskins were also passengers by the City of Hobart. SUPREME COURT.-Yesterday was the last day of the first term, aud the full Court sat in equity. In the case Baptie and Ors. v. Westbrook and Ors., a decree was made for the division of a sum of £3,801 Is. 9d between the several parties to the suit, the costs to be taxed as betweeu party and party. In the matter of Edliu's bankruptcy, an appeal from the Launceston Bankruptcy Court to set asido an order made by the Commissioner, declaring; void a transfer of goods by Kdliu to one Hancbctt, and ordering the goods to be transferred to the trustees in Edlin's bankruptcy, arguments were gone into, but eventually, at the suggestion of the Court, it was decided to' re-argue the case either ] in the vacation or next term. i POLICE COURT " LOOKERS"-Mr. Tarleton gave a very good reproof yesterday morning during the hearing of an affiliation case, to the many " loafers" -we can And no other name for them-old and young, who throng the court on the occasion of the hearing of any prurient case. He told them that if, iustead of listening in evident chuckling enjoyment to such cases, thoy went to their work, it would be far better for them. \Ye think the reproof one well deserved, for we have often looked with pity and disgust at the many grey-headed old men (in num- bers generally exceeding the youths) who place such delight in listening to such cases. But "there is no fool like an old fool." STREET NOISES.-Npw that the public ear has been undergoing a process of refinement by the high class music of the Opera Company, the discordant noises to be heard oq" the streets are more than usually annoying. The quaint and questionable ballads screeched forth'iu the cracked voice of the blind and lame old "identity," who treads his path along the kerb stone of our footpaths, is far more tolerable than are noises which have of late become so common; . ¡lined from accordions, and such like fine instruments, operated ou by isolated hobble-de-hoys, who, as they track along, torturing the instruments and the ears of all who hear them, evidently flatter themselves they are preparing to make a position for themselves in the musical world. Captain Williams put down the ghost. Will any one do the same good service iu regard to this worse than hurdy-gurdy nightly din. VOLUNTEER MOVEMENT.-An adjourned meeting of those desirous of forming a volunteer corps, was held »t Beaumont's Hotel, last evening. About twenty-four persons attended. In the nliseuue of the chairman, Dr. Crowther, juu. ; and also, as l8 names were still wanting to make the required total of 100, the meeting was adjourned till Tuesday next. ' ' WALOH'S LITER ARY IN rKLLioKNrBii. "-We have received the February number of this periodical. It contains an article from the Piiblvther's Circular respecting an American dodge of altering the opinions expressed in'ro- publishod books to suit their own views. There is also an interesting letter concerning the parents of. Charles Dickens ; aud a large number of announcements of new books and goods of various kinds, on Bale by the firm of .Walch 'and Sons'. TBLEORAMHC INTERRUPTION.-Owinrf to atmos- pheric disturbances it was impossible, after 9 a.m. yesterday, to hold any télégraphie communication with Mount Nelson. OUT OF AN OLD MATTRESS.-Forty or fifty years ago, as may be remembered by old colonists, a man named Hooper, was murdered, as they called it then, by the natives at Spring Hill. It appears that Hooper was a bachelor, "and there being no one to care for his worldly store, his odds and ends were sold by somebody, and as of course to the highest bidder. -Amongst the goods and chattels, waa a mattress, old even thon, hut this has come down through all the wear and tear of its time"to the S resent generation ; torn though and worn, and aving served its day, it was at last cast into the shed, and to the astonishment of its present owner, a lady of some observation, the end that was exposed to the rain began to shoot out green leaves. The hint was sufficient, and the remainder of the straw being thrashed, a little scarlet bag, tied with white bobbin, contains a samplo of >ho result, aud which has been identified by Mr. .Tohu Espie, sen., as the " spring wheat " of years gone bye. This has been left at our office, .and HO far as the sample will go, our readers are welcome to some of the plump full grains for sowing, THROWN FROM A HORSE.- Yesterday, a boy named Louis M'Dorrp.U£h, 14 years of age, was thrown from a horse, hear the cricket ground, fracturing Ilia left arm and causing an abrasion in liis face. He was taken .fo the hospital, and after being attended to. went a\vay. THE RACKS -The stewards meet every evening at the Rock Hotel, at 8 o'clock, for the transaction of business. Tickets of admission to the grand- stand ein be obtained from Messrs. Walch & SOIIB Liverpool-street, and nlaó in Macquario-atreet, Mr. A. I*. Miller, Murray- street, and trout Mr. Rogers, Katata Agent, Murray-street. THE OSLY CORRECT CARO.-We wish to direct the special attention of intending visitors at tha ensuing races to tho fact, that tho only correct pro- gramme issued by the stewards for sale on the course, will be that printed at The Afercury office, and to bo sold by "Patsy,1' and boys to be appointed hy him, wearing a 'distinguishing mark, notice of which will be given to-morrow morning. RACE HOLIDAYS.-In another 'column will be found a list of the principal houses' of business in the city, whioh have ngreed'to close at twelve o'clock on next Thursday and Friday. CLAREVCH AND Mi'ßny PLAINS KICKS.-~The entries for the Waterloo Handicap, and ? Handicap Hurdle Race« for the nhovo meet, cloud on Monday «vening. It will be seen by our advertising columns that tlie entries for the Waterloo Handicap number 1 sii, while those for the Handicap Hurdle Hope are five. Judging hy tho entries, so far as we have yet seen, and hy the' energy of the committee, the meeting next March wiil'probably prove a'highly successful one. > TASMANIAN TURP-OLUBV LAUNCESTON.-- Nomina- tion« for the above races can bo malle to Mr, George Browne, tho lion, secretary to the Tasmanian Racing Club, Hobart To'wii, up to four o'clock this afternoon. Goou TEMPLARS.-A meeting of the Dayspring Juvenile Lodge, No. 1, wax held in the Alliance rooms on the 1st inst. The following officers were duty elected and installed hy Bro. Ball, Bro. K. Hood acting as installation Marshal, viz :-Sister C. Fisher, W.C.T., Sister Richardson, W.V., Bro. Sargeantson, W.C., Bro. Bowden, W.S., Sister C. Morgan, W.F.S., Sister S. Morgan, W.T., Bro. McKecn.. W.M., Sister Alice Ikin, W.D.M , Bro. Hooper, W.I.G., Bro. Worby. W.O.O., Sister M. Fisher, W.U.S., Bro. J1. Evana, W.L.S., Sister A. Fisher being P.W.C.T. GOOD TEMPLARS.-Tfie ordinary monthly meeking of the Degree Lodge will be held at the People's Hall, at eight o'clock this evening. MASONIC, - Tho members of tho Tasmanian Union Lodge (No. 838, E.C.) will meet for the despatch ofbusiiiess iu the' Freemason's Hal), at half-past 7 o'clock this evening. Visiting brethren arc invited. THE STEAMER ENTERPRISE.- It is notified that the Bteamer Enterprise will bo laid up on Monday next for two days, for tb» purpose of Government inspection, So, , SOUTHERN AGRICULTURAL AND PISTORAL ASSO- CIATION.-An adjourned meoting of members will be held at Richmond, at two o'clock, on Saturday next. , s («.iii - ' ANOLO . AUSTRALIAN GUANO COMPANY-An ordinary general meeting will bo held at the oftjee I of rho onmpany, Salamanca Place, Hobart Town, at li o'clock this forenoon, for,tho purpose of.passing account« and electing directors;' THE CITV'SCIIOOL.- A meeting of old scholars will be held at the school at half-past eight o'clock this evening, for the purpose of arranging for the old scholars' rowing match. NEW NORFOLK SESSIONS.-III the report of the charge against Arthur Hay, for furious driving, the complainant was one Williams, aud not Young, ai published in our last issue. , , INSUFFICIENTLY STAMPED.-Mrs. Dixon.Leichardt street, Brisbine, Queensland ; Mr, Si O'sullivan, cara Mr. J, J. Downing, Junction Stores, Main W» #?»> Victor«, 