T H E 9ZI&D; SSCftST. BOOK IV. • CHAPTER III. .(CONTINUED.) INSIDE THE HOUSE nv wrwctK oorxiNS. While the housekeep^ was drawing up the blinds in the breakfast-parlour, and while Mr. Muuder was opening the door that led out of it into the library, Uncle Joseph stolo to his niece's side, and spoko a few words of encouragement to her in his quaint, kindly way. "Courage!" he whispered. "Keep your wits about you, Sarah, and catcli your little opportunity whenever you can. ' My thoughts!. My thoughts 4 !" she answered in the same low key. " This house rouses them all against me. O, why did I ever venture into it again 3" " You had better look at the view from the wiudow now," said Mrs. Pcntreath, after she had drawn up the blind. " It is very much admired," While affairs were in this stage of progress on the first floor of the house, Betsey, who had been hitherto stealing up by a stair at a time from the hall, and listening with all her ears in the intervals of the ascent, finding tliat no sound of voices now reached her, bethought herself of returning to the kitchen again, and of looking after the housekeeper's dinner, which was being kept warm by the fire. She descended to the lower regions, wondering what part of the house the strangers would want to see next, and puzzling her brains to find out some excuse for attaching herself to the exploring party. After the View from the breakfast-room window had been duly contemplated, the library was next entered. In this room, Mrs. Pcntreath, having some leisure to look about her, and employing that leisure in observing tho conduct of the steward, arrived at the unpleasant conviction that Mr. Munder was by no means to be depended on to assist her in the important business of watching the proceedings of the two strangers. Doubly stimulated to assert his own dignity by the disrespectfully easy manner in which he had been treated by Uncle Joseph, the sole object of Mr, Munder's ambition seemed to be to divest himself as completely as possible of the character of guide, which the unscrupulous foreigner sought to confer on kirn. He sauntered heavily about the rooms, with the air of a casual visitor, staring out of window, peeping into books on tables, frowning at himself in the chimney-glasses—looking, iu short, anywhere but where he ought to look. The housekeeper, exasperated % this affectation of indifference, whispered to iiiin irritably to keep his eye on the foreigner, as it was quite as much as she could do to look after the lady in the quiet dress. "Very good ; very good," said Mr. Munder, with sulky carelessness. "And whore arc you going to next, ma'am, after we have been into the drawing-room ? Back again, tlirough the library, into the. breakfast-room i or out at once into the passage ? Be good enough to settle which, as you seem to be in the way of settling evorytliing." "Into the passage to be sure," answered Mrs. Pentreath, "to show the next three rooms beyond these." Mr. Munder sauntered out of the library, through llie doorway of communication, into the drawing- room, unlocked the door leading into the passage—then, to the great disgust of tho housekeeper, strolled to the fireplace and looked at himself in the glass over it, just as attentively as he had looked at himself in the library mirror, hardly a minute before. " This is the west diawing-room," said Mrs. Peutreath, calling to the visitors. "Thecawing of the stono chimney-piece," she added, with the mischievous intention of bringing them into the closest proximity to the steward, " is considered the finest thing in the whole apartment." Driven from the looking-glass by this manoeuvre, Mr. Munder provokingly sauntered to the window, and looked out. Sarah still pale and silent—but with a certain unwonted resoluteness just .gathering, as it weft, iu the lines about her lips—stopped thoughtfully by the chimney-piece, when the housekeeper pointed it out to hor. Uncle Joseph, looking all round tho room in his discursive manner, spied, in the furthest corner of it from the door that led into the passage, a beautiful maple wood table and cabinet, of a very peculiar pattern. His workmanlike enthusiasm was instantly aroused j and ho darted across tho room to examine the make of tho cabinet, closely. The tabllbeneath, projected a little way in front of it, and, of ail tho olyects in the world, what should lie see reposing on tho flat space of the projection, but a uiagnificeii musical-box at. least throe times tho size of his owuj. " Aie J 'Aic JI Aiol J f cried, tfade Jo/sepl in an ascending scale of admiration, which ended at tho very top of his voice. " Opon him j set hiiu going I lot me hear what ho plays 1" He stopped for want of words to express his impatience, and drummed with both hands on the lid of tho musical-box, in a burst of uncontrollable enthusiasm. "Mr. Munder!" exclaimed tho housekeeper, hurrying across the room in great indignation. " Why don't you look! why don't you stop him? He's breaking open tho musical- box. Be quiet, sir ! How dare you touch me i" "Set him going! set him going!" reiterated UncJo Joseph, dropping Mrs. Pentreath's arm, which ho had seized iu his agitation. " Look here! this by my side is a music-box, too! Set him going! Does he play Mozart I He is throe times bigger than ever I saw ! See! see ! this box of mine—tliis tiny bit of box that looks nothing by tho side of yours—it was given to my own brother by the Kiug of all the music-composers that ever lived, By the divine Mozart himself. Set the big box going, and you shall hear the little baby-box pipe after! Ah, dear aiul good madam, if vou love me ." " Sir!!!" exclaimed the housekeeper reddening with virtuous indignation to the very roots of her liair. "What do you mean, sir, by addressing such outrageous language as that to a respectable female i" inquired Mr. Munder approaching to the rescue. " Do you think we want your foreign noises, and your foreign morals, and your foreign profanity here ? Yes, sir! profanity. Any man who calls any human individual, whether musical or otherwise, ' divine,' is a profane man. Who are you, you extremely audacious person? Are vou an infidel?" Before Uncle Joseph could say a word in vindication of his principles; before Mr. Munder could relieve himself of any more indignation, they were both startled into momentary silence by an exclamation of alarm from the housekeeper. " Where is she ?" cried Mrs. Pentreath, standing in the middle of the drawing-room, and looking with bewildered eyesallaround her. The' lady in the quiet dress had vanished. She was not in the library, not in the breakfast-room, not in the passage outside. After searching in those three places, the housekeeper came back to Mr. Munder with a look of downright terror in her face, and stood staring at him for a moment perfectly helpless and perfectly silent. As soon as she recovered herself she turned fiercelyon Uncle Joseph. " Where is she 1 I insist on knowing what has become of her! You cunning, wicked, impudent old man ! where is she?" cried Mrs. Pentreath, with no colour iu her cheeks, and no mercy in her eyes. " I suppose she is looking about the house by herself," said Uncle Joseph. "We shall find her surely as we take our walks through the other rooms." Simple as he was, the old man had, nevertheless, acuteness enough to perceive that he had accidentally rendered the very servicc to his niece of which she stood in need. If he had been the most artful of mankind, he could have devised no better means of diverting Mrs. Pentreath's attention from Sarah to himself than the very means which he had just used in perfect innocence, at the very moment when lus thoughts weie farthest away from the real object with wliich he and his niece had entered the house. "So! so !" thought Uncle Joseph to himself, "while these two angry people were scolding me for nothing, Sarah has slipped away to the room where the letter is. Good ! I have only to wait till she comes back, and to let the two angiy people go on scolding me as long as they please." " What are we to do f Mr. Munder! what on earth are wo to do?" asked the housekeeper. " We can't waste the precious minutes staring at each other here. This woman must be found. Stop! she asked questions about the stairs—she looked up at the second floor, the moment we got on the landing. Mr. Munder wait here, aud don't let that foreigner out of your sight for a moment. Wait here'while I run up and look into tho second-floor passage, All the bedroom doors are locked— I defy her to hide herself if she has gone up there." With those words, the housekeeper ran out of the drawing room, and breathlessly ascended the second flight of stairs. While Mrs. Pentreath was searching on the west side of the bouse, Sarah was hurrying, at the top of her speed, along the lonely passages that led to the north rooms. : Terrified into decisive action by tho desperate nature of tho situation, she had slipped out of the drawiug-ropw into tho passage the instant she saw Mrs. Pentreath's back turned on hex-. Without stopping to think, without attempting to compose herself, she ran down the stairs of the first-floor, and mtide straight for the housekeeper's fooiu. She had no excuses ready, if t sho had found anybody there, or if she had met anybody on the way. She had forhied no plan .whore to seek for them: naxt, if tho i keys of tho liortli rooms wore not hanging in the place where sho still expected tofind thorn . Hor mind was ldst in confusion, her temples throbbed as if they would burst with tho heat at her brain. Tho one blind, wild, headlong purpose of getting into the Myrtle Room drove her on, gave unnatural swiftness to her trembling feet, unnatural strength to hor shaking hands, unnatural courage to her sinking heart. She ran into tho housekeeper's room, without even the ordinary caution of waiting for a moment to listen outside the door. No ono was then. Ono glance at the well- remomlwred nail iu the wall showed her the keys Btill hanging to it in a bunch, aa thoy had hung In the long past time. Sho had them in her possession in a moment; aud was away again, along tho solitary passages that led to tho north rooms, threadiug their turnings and windings as if she had left them but the day before; never pausing to listen or to look behind her, never slackening her speed till she was at tho top of the back staircase, aud had her hand on the locked door tliat led into the north hall. As she turned over tho bunch to find tho first key that was required, sho discovered— wliat her hurry had hitherto prevented her from noticing—the numbered labels which tho builder had methodically attached to all tho keys, when he had been sent to Porthgenna by Mr. Frankland to survey the house. At the first sight of them, hor searching hands paused in their work instantaneously, and she shivered all over, as if a sudden chill had struck her. If she liad been less violently agitated, the discovery of the new labels and the suspicions to which the sight of them instantly gave rise would, in all probability, have checked her further progress. But the confusion of her mind was now too great to allow her to pioco together even the veriest fragmentsof thoughts. Vaguely conscious of a new terror, of a sharpened distrust that doubled and trebled the headlong impatience wliich had driven her on thus far, she desperately resumed her search through the bunch of keys. One of them had no label; it was larger than the rest—it was the key that fitted the door of communication before wliich she stood. She turned it iu the rusty lock with a strength which, at any other time, she would have been utterly incapable of exerting; she opened the door with a blow of her hand which burst it away at one stroke from the jambs to which it stuck. Panting for breath, she flewacross the forsaken north hall, without stopping for r j fj one second to 'push the door to behind her. The creeping creatures, the noisome houeereptiles that possessed the place, crawled away, shadow-like, on either side of her towards the walls. She never noticed them, never turned away for them. Across the hall, and up the stairs at the end of it, she ran, till she gained the open landing at the top—and there, she suddenly checked herself iu front of the first door. The first door of the long range of rooms that opened on the landing; the door that fronted tho topmost of the -flight of stairs. She stopped ; she looked at it—it was not the door she had come to open; and yet she could not tear herself away from it. Scrawled on the panel iu white clialk was the figure—" L" And when she looked down at the bunch of keys in her hands, there was the figure " I. on a label, answering to it. w She tried to think, to follow out any one of all the thronging suspicions that besot her, to tho conclusion at which it might point. Tho effort was useless ; her mind was gone: her bodily senses of seeing and hearing—senses which had now become painfully and incomprehensibly sharpened—seemed to be tho solo relics of intelligence that sho liad left to guido her. Sho put her liand over her eyes, and waited a little so, and then went on slowly along the lauding, looking at the doors. No. " II.," No. " III." No. «IV.," traced on the panels in the same white chalk, and answering to the numbered labels on the keys, the figureson which were written in ink. No, " IV." the middle roomof the first floorrange of eight. She stopped there again, trembling from head to foot. It was tho door of tho Myrtle Room. Did the chalked numbers stop therot Sho loked on, down the landing. No. Tho four doors remaining were regularly numbered on to "VIII." • She came back again to the . door of Myrtle Room, sought out the key labelled with the figure "IV."—hesitated—and looked hack distrustfully over the deserted hall. \ " ' : \- The canvasses of tho old ^toUy 1 piphiiks, which she liad seen bulging out from their frames, in the past time when shelrid tho letter, had, for the most part, rotted away from them now, and lay iu great black ragged strips on the floorof the hall. Islands and continents of damp spread like the Inap of some ' strango region over the lofty vaulted ceiling. Cobwebs, hsavy with dust, hung dowtt wfefstoons fconi broken cornices. Dirtsteinilay On i^oitioho; patfetneut, liko^grots iaflefctfe of tW " ' ItwuB ^n ^"itefflt^'^I^V'tewid to® leading up to tlio open landing before tho rooms of !$© first floor, had sunk down bodily towards one sido. The banistois which protected the outer edge of the landing were broken away into tagged gaps. Tho light of J day was stained, tho air of hcavcu was stilted, j tho sounds of earth were silenced in the north | haU. I Silencod f Were all sounds silenced ? Or J was there something stirring that just touched I tbc souse of hearing, that just deepened the j dismal stillness, and no more I I Sarah tistouod, keeping licr face ttill set j towards the hall—listened, and heard a faint j sound behind her. Was it outside tho door J on which her back was turned I Or was it} inside—in tlio Myrtle Room ? Inside. With the first conviction of that, fill thought, all sensation left her. She forgot j the suspicious numbering of the doors; she; became insensible to tho lapse of time, uncon- j scious of the risk of discovery. All exercise of her other faculties was now incited in the exercise of tho one faculty of listening. It was a still, faint, stealthily-rustling sound; j and it moved to and fro at intervals, to and fro softly, now at one end, now at the other of tho Myrtlo Hogm. There were moments J when it grew suddenly distinct—other moments when it died away in gradations too light to follow. Sometimes it seemed to sweep over the floor at a bound—sometimes it crept with slow, continuous rustlings that just wavered on the verge of absolute silence. Her feet still rooted to the spot on which sho stood, Sarah turned her head slowly, inch by inch, towards the door of the Myrtle Room. A moment before, while she w«os as yet uu-1 conscious of tho fkint sound moving to and fro within it, sho had been drawing her breath heavily and quickly. She might have been dead now, her bosom was so still, her breath- j ing so noiseless. The same mysterious cliange J came over her face which had altered it when I the darkness began to gather in the little par- j lour at Truro. The same fearful look of in-1 quiry which she had then fixed on the vacant j comer of the room, was in her eyes j as they slowly turned on the door. " Mistress}" she whispered. "Ami too late f Are you there before me ?" The stealthily-rustliug souud inside, paused j •—renewed itself—died away again faintly; I away at tho lower end of the room. J Her eyes still remained fixed on the Myrtle} Room, strained, and opened wider and wider I —opened as if they would look through the [ very door itself—opened as if they were watch- j mg for the opaque wood to turn transparent; and show what was behind it, u Over the lonesome floor, over the lonesome floor—bow light it moves J" she whispered again. "Mistress! does the black dress I made for you rustle no louder tlian that ?" The sound stopped again—then suddcnl.y advanced at one stealthy sweep close to the inside of the door. If she could have moved at that niomeut; if sho could liave looked down to the lino of open space between the bottom of the door and the flooring below, when the faintly rustling sound came nearest to her, sho might have seen the insignificant cause tliat produced it lymg self-betrayed under the door, partly outside, partly inside, in the sliape of a fragment of faded red paper from the wall of the Myrtle Room. Time and damp had loosened the paper all round tlio apartment. Two or three yatds of it had been torn off by the builder, while he was examining the walls—sometimes in laqgc pieces, sometimes in smail pieces, just as it happened to come away—and had been thrown down by him on tho bare, boarded floor, to become the sport of the wind, whenever it happened to blow through the broken panes of glass in the window. If she had only moved! If she had only looked down for one little second of time 1 She was past moving and past looking: the paroxysm of superstitious horror tliat possessed hered her still in every limb and every j feature. She never started) she uttered no cry, when the rustling noise came nearest, Tho one outward sign which showed how J tho terror of its -approach shook her to the very soul, expressed itself only in the changed action of hor right hand, in which she still held the keys. At the instant when the wind wafted the fragment of paper closest to the j • door, licr fingers lost their power of contraction and beame as nerveless and helpless as if she badlauited. The heavy buncliofkeys slipped 1 from jier suddenly-loosened grasp, drooped at lie* aide on the outer edge of the landing, rolled oft through a gap in tho broken ban- I Mter, ^nd/eUontbo stone pavement below, with a cjash which made the sleeping echoes . shrwk t agaui, m if they were sentient beings tmfluiifi; under the torture of sound,! j # Tlif) crash of the felling keys, ringing and] jMJgwgflgaui through tho stillness, woke her, ( W it were, to instant consciousness of present Avogs^ndjpfesont perils. She started, stag- £aclcipw, and raised i )0 |,K her bands'! ' A r eU for a few ji \- i^Jjai^b^jQia^ofpr the tojp of the stairs j y i i - ' ' ' ' i with tlic purpose of descending into the lwll 1 to i<w>vn the kcy*.|3 'TZ : ~ Before she had ndvanced three paces, the I shrill sound of a woman's scream came from the door of communication at the opposite end of the hall. The scream was twice repealed at a greater distance on, and was followed by a confused noise of mjndly advaneing voices and footsteps, She staggered desperately, a few paces farther, and reached tlio first of the row of doors tliat opened on the landing. There nature sank exhausted; hor knees gave way under her—her breath, her sight, her hearing all seemed to fail licr together at the same instant —and sho dropped down senseless on the floor at the head of the stairs. CHAPTER IV. MB. ifvsmn OS THE SEAT OF JUDGEMENT. Trffinunnuriug voices and tho hurrying footsteps came nearer and nearer, then stopped altogether. After an interval of silence, one voicc called out loudly, " Sarah Sarah ' «'hcre are you ?" and the next instant Uncle Joseph appeared alone in the doorway that I led into the north hall, looking eagerly all I round him. J At first, the prostrate figure on the landing j at the head of the stairs escaped his view, ] the second time he looked in that direc- J tion, the dark dress, and the arm that lay just j the edge of the top stair, caught his eye, J W'th a loud cry of terror and recognition, he I across the hall, and ascended the stairs Just as he was kneeling by Sarah's side, and j raising her head oil his arm, the steward, the j housekeeper, and the maid, all three crowded I together after liiin into the doorway, " Water!" shouted the old man, gesticulating at them wildly with liis disengaged hand " She is here—she has fallen down—.she is in a faint! Water ! water!" Mr. Munder looked at Mrs. Peutreath, Mrs Pcntreath looked at Betsey, Betsey looked at ! the ground. All three stood stock-still; all three seemed equally incapable of walking I across the hall. If the science of physiognomy be not an entire delusion, the cause of this amazing unanimity was legibly written in their faces; in other words, they all three looked equally afraid of the ghost. " Water, 1 fiay Water!" reiterated Uncle Joseph, shaking bis fist at them. " She is in a faint ! Are you throe at the door there,'and not one heart of mercy among you ? Water j water! water ! Must I scream myself into fi ts before I can make you hear ?" " I'll get the water, ma'am," said Betsey, " if you or Mr. Munder will please to take it from here to the top of the stairs. She mu to the kitchen, and came back with a glass of water, which she offered, with respectful curtsey, first to the housekeeper, and then to the steward. " llow dare you ask us to carry things for you i" said Mrs. Peutreath, backing out°ofthe doorway, " Yes ! bow dare you ask us added Mr. Munder, backing after Mrs. Peutreath " Water!" shouted the old man for the third time. He drew his niece backward a little, so»that she could be supported against the wall behind licr. « Water! or I trample down this dungeon of a place about your ears!" he shouted, stamping with impatience and rage. " If you please, sir, are you sure it's really tho lady who is up there ?" asked Betsey, advancing a few paces tremulously with the glass of water. "Am 1 sure?" exclaimed Uncle Joseph descending the stairs to meet her, " What fool's question is this ? Who should it her' The ghost sir," said Betsey, advancing more and more slowly. "The ghost of the north rooms." Uncle Joseph mot her a few yards in advauce of the foot of the stairs, took the "lass of water from her with a gesture of contempt and hastened back to his niece As Betsey turned to effect her retreat, the bunch of keys lying on the pavement below the landing caught her eye. After a little hesitation she mustered courage enough to pick them up and then ran with them out of the hall as fast as her feet could carry her. Meanwhile, Uncle Joseph was moistening his niece's lips with the water, and sprinkling it over her forehead. After a whUe, her breath began to come and go slowly in faint sighs, the muscles of hor faced moved a little and sho feebly opened her eyes. They fixed affrightodly on the old man, without any cxpression of recognition: Ho made her drink a little water, and spoke to her gently, and so brought her back at last to herself. Her first words were, "Don't leave *uo." Her first action, when she was able tb move, was the actiqn of croucljing closer- to him. «No fear, my .child," he said, soothingly: «I will keep by you. Toll-me, Sarah, what fis made you feint 1 What lias frightened ou sof * " Oil, don't nsk me! For (Sod's sake; don't ask me!" • " There, there! I shall say nothing, thou. Another mouthful of water 1 A little mouthful more 1" " Help me up,"uncle j help me to try if eun stand." " Xot yet—not quite yet; patience for little longer." 0, help mo ! help mo ! I want to get away from the sight <Jf those doors. If I can only go as far as tho bottom of the stains sliall be better." So, so," said Uncle Joseph, assisting her to rise. " Wait now, aud feel your feet on the ground. Lean on me, lean hard, lean heavy. Though I am only a»light and a little man, I am solid as a rock. Have you been into the rorm ?" he added, in a whisper, " Have you ;;ot the letter T' She sighel bitterly, aud laid her head on his shoulder wiili a \veary despair. " Why, Sarah! Sarah !" he exclaimed, Hare you been all this time away, and not got into the room yet ?" She raised her head as suddenly as she had laid it down, ^laddered, and tried feebly draw him towards tho stairs. " I shall never see the Myrtle Room again—never, never, never more!" she said. " Let us go ; I can walk ; I am strong now. Uncle Joseph, if you love me, take me away from this house away anywhere, so long as we arc in the free air and the daylight again ; anywhere, so long as we are out of sight of Porthgenna Tower. Elevating his eyebrows inastonisbment, but considerately refraining from asking anymore questions, Uncle Joseph assisted his niece to descend the stairs. She was still so woak, tliat she was obliged to pause on gaiuing the bottom of them to recover her strength. See ing this, and feeling, as he led her afterwards across the hall, that she leaned more and more heavily on his arm at every frosh step, the old man, on arriving within speaking distauce of' Mr. Munder and Mrs. Pcntreath. asked the housekeeper if she possessed any restorative drops which she would allow him to admin ister to his niece. Mrs. Pcntreath's reply in the affirmative though not very graciously spoken, was accom panied by an alacrity of action which showed that she was heartily rejoiced to take the first fair excuse for returning to the inhabited quarter of the house. Muttering something about showing the way to the place where the medicine chest was kept, she immediately retraced her steps along the passage to her own room ; while Uncle Joseph, disregarding all Sarah's whispered assurances that she was well enough to depart without another moment of delay, followed hersilently leadingliis niece. Mr. Munder, shaking his head, looking wofully disconcerted, waited behind to lock the door of communication. When he had done this, aud had given the keys to Betsey to carry back to their appointed place, lie, in his turn, retired from the scene at a pace indecorously approaching to soinetlnng like a run. On getting well way from the north liall, however, heregained liisself-possession wonderfully. He abruptly slackened his pace, collected his scattered wits, aud reflected a little, apparently with perfect satisfaction to himself j- for when he entered tho housekeeper's room, he had quite recovered his usual complacent solemnity of look and manner. Like the vast majority of densely-stupid men, he felt intense pleasure in hearing himself talk, and he now discerned such an opportunity of indulging in tliatluxury, after the events that had just happened in the house, as he seldom enjoyed. There is only one kind of speaker who is quite certain never to break down under any stress of circumstances—the man whose capability of talking does not include any dangerous underlying capacity/or knowing what he means. Among this favoured order of natural orators, Mr. Munder occupied a prominent rank—and he wn« nqjy vindictively resolved to exercise his abilities on the two -strangers, under pretence of asking for an explanation of their conduct, before he could suffer them to quit the house. On entering the room, hefound Uncle Joseph seated with his niece at the lower end of it engaged in dropping some salvolatile into a « of water. At the upper end stood the housekeeper with ah open medicine chest on the table before her. To this part of the room Mr. Munder slowly advanced, mfch a portentous countenance ; drew an arm-chair up to the table; sat himself down in it with extreme deliberation and care in the matter of settling his coat-tails; aud immediately became, to all outwald 'appearance, the model of a Lord Chief Justice'in plain clothes. Mrs. Pcntreath, conscious frpm these preparations that something extraprdiniiry w/is about to happen, seated herself a little behind the steward. Betsey restored the keys to their place on the nail in the wall, and was about to retiro iuodestly to her proper Icitchen -sphere, when plic was stopped by Mr. Munder. " Wait,-if yo'u please/'said the steward; "I shall have occasion to call on you presently 1 young w6nwn, to make a plahi statement." ' Obedlont'Bofcsoy waited near the floor, letrifled by tho idea that sho nuistMvc^oppsomothing.wrong, and tluit tho etowftidwawinod with inscrutable legal power, to try, sentence, and punish hor for the offence on tho spot. " Now, sir," said Mr. Munder, addressing that sal-volatile, and if tho person by your side has sufficiently recovered her senses to listen, I should wish to say a word or two to both of you." " : „ \ \T At this exordium, Sarah triod affrightealy to rise from liei chair; but her undo caught her by the hand, aud pressed her b^}k|i| i| m " Wait and rest," ho whispered. "I shall take all the scolding on my own shoulder^ and do all the talking with my own tongue. As soon as you are fit to walk again, I promise you this; whether tho big man lias said his word or two, or has not said ii, we will quietly get up and go our ways out of the house." " L T p to the present moment," said Mr. Munder, "I have refrained from expressing an opinion. The time has now come, when, holding a position of trust as I do, in this establishment, and being accountable, aftd indeed responsible, as I am, for what takes place in it, and feeling, as I must, that things cannot be allowed, or even permitted, to rest as they arc—it is my duty to say that I think yourconduefcis veryextraordiuary." Directing this forcible conclusion to his sentence straight at Sarah, Mr. Munder leaned back in his chair, quite full of woids, and quite empty of meaning, to collect himself comfortably for his next effort. " My only desire," he resumed, with a plaintive impartiality, " is to act fairly by all parlies. I don't wish to frighten anybody, or to startle anybody, or even to terrify anybody. I wish to unravel, or, if you please, to make out, what I may term, with perfect propriety —events. And when I have done that,—I say, I should wish to put it to you both, calmly, and impartially, and politely, and plainly, aud smoothly—and when I say smoothly, I mean quifetly—whether you are not both of you bound to explain yourselves." Mr. Munder paused, to let that last irresistible appeal work its way to the consciences of the persons whom he addressed. The housekeeper took advantage of the silence to cough, as congregations cough just before the sermon, apparently on the principle of getting rid of bodily infirmities beforehand, in order to give the mind free play for undisturbed intellectual enjoyment. Betsey, following Mrs. Pcn- treath's lead, indulged in a cough on her own account—of the faint, distrustful sort. Uncle Joseph sat perfectly easy and undismayed, still holding his neice's hand in his, and giving it a little squeeze, from time to time, when the steward's oratory became particularly involved aud impressive. Sarah never moved, never looked up, never lost the expression of terrified restraint which had taken possession of her face from the first moment when she entered tho housekeeper's room. "Xo w what are the facts, and circumstances and events f proceeded Mr. Munder, leaning back m his chair, in calm enjoyment of the sound of his own voice. " Yon, ma'am, aud you, sir, ring at the bell at the door of this Mansion" (here he looked hard at Uncle Joseph, as much as to say, " I don't give up that point about the house being a Mansion you see, even on the judgment scat")—"you are let ,in, or, rather, admitted. You, sir assert that you wish to inspect the Mansion! (you say < see the house,' but, being a foreigner we are not surprised at your making a little mistake of that sort); you, ma'am, coincide, and even agree, in tliat request. Wliat follows? You ore shown over tho Mansion. It is not usual to show stmngeis over it, but we happen to have certain reasons—" Sarah started. "What reasons V she asked, looking up quickly Uncle Joseph felt her liand turn cold,, and tremble 111 in his. "Hush! "Hushl hush!" he said. leave thfttalking to me." ,uomen m ° '"f t » Mvs - Pcntreath pulled Mr. Munder warily by the coat-tajl, and 1,im to 1)0 w ^ T i ° careful "Mi* F;ankk„d's letter," she said in his ear/teE us particularly not to let it be suspected thai we are acting under orders " . f^get what I ought to remember," rejohied Mr. Munder-who hjd foigotten, neverthS "And don't you imagine that! was g S ^ commit myself (the very thing which K just been on the. point of- doing). « j^m , ifyofwiUffS good what reasons did von say. maVm 4" ' he added aloud, addressh^himsSto s S ^ r«inind about reasons; we 5 got to do with facts, and cireninstonel and events. I was observing, or remark £ you, s^and you, ma'am, were shown over indeed led, up'the west staii^ase—-theSnacStn etlbvkh tho rawing- .room. In,that drawing-room,you, air, indulge .Itt outrageous, and, I mil add, iu violent Iantguago. * In tliat drawi\\\g-room, you, ma'am disappear, or rather go out of eight. Such Wnduct M this, so highly unparalleled, go entirely unplfedecentod, aud so very "uuusual, .. word for the tint time. for • < M Astonishod," suggested Mrs. Pentreath after a long interval of silence. ma'am P retorted Mr. Mumler "Nothing of tho soil Wo were not at all astonishedj wo were-rsurprised. And what followed and succeeded that t What did you and I hoar, sir, on the first floor f (looking sternly at Uncle Joseph). « And what did you hear, Mm Pentreath, while you were Matching for the missing and absent paity on the second floor I What f Thus personally appealed to, the housekeeper answered briefly:—" A scream?' " No ! no! 110 !" said Mr. Munder, fretfully tapping his hand on the table. "A screech, Mrs. Pentieath—a screecli, And what is the meaning, purport, and upshot of that screech ? Young woman!" (here Mr. Munder turned suddenly on Betsey)—we have uow traced these extraordinary facts aud circumstances as flu- as you. Have the goodness to step forward, and tell us, in the presence of these two parties, how you came to utter, or give, what Mis. Pentreath calls a scream, hut wliat I call a screech. A plain statement will do, my good girl—quite a plain statement, if you please. And, young woman, one word more—speak up. You understand me t Speak up !" Covered with confusion by the public and solerau nature of this appeal, Betsey, onstart- With her statement, unc jnsciously followed the oratorical example of no less a person than Mr. Munder himself; that is to say, she spoke on the principle of drowning the smallest possible infusion of ideas in the largest possible dilution of words. Extricated from the mesh of verbal entanglement in which she contrived to involve it, her statement may be not unfairly represented as simply consisting of the following facts :— First, Betsey had to relate that she happened to be just taking the lid off a saucepan, on the kitchen fire, when she heard, in the neighbourhood of the housekeeper's room, .a sound of hurried footsteps (vernacularly termed by the witness, a " scurrying of some- body's feet"). Secondly, Betsey, on leaving the kitchen to ascertain what the sound meant, heard the footsteps retreating vapidly along the passage which led to the north side of the • house, and stimulated by curiosity, followed the sound of them, for a certain distance. Thirdly, at a sjiarp turn in the passage. Betsey stopped short, despairing at overtaking the person whose footsteps she heard, and feeling also a sense of dread (termed by the witness, " creeping of the flesh") at the idea of venturing alone, even In broad daylight, into the ghostly quarter of the house. • Fourthly^ while still hesitating at the turn in the passage, Betsey heard tha lock of a door go," and stimulated afresh by curiosity, advanced a few steps farther—then stopped agaiu, debating within herself the difficult aud dreadful question: whether it is the usual customs of ghosts, when passing from one place to another, to unlock any closed door which may liappen to be in their way, or to save trouble by simply passing through it ? Fiftlily, after long deliberation, aud many false starts, forward towards the north hall and backwards towards the kitchen, Betsey, decided that it was the immemorial custom of all ghosts to pass through doors, and not to unlock them. Sixthly, fortified by this conviction, Betsey went on boldly close to the door, wlien she suddenly heard a loud report as .of some'heavy body falling (graphically termed by the witness, a " hanging usash"). Seventhly, the noise frightened Betsey out of her; wits, brought her heart up into her mouth atidtook away her breath. Eighthly, and lastly, 011 recovering breath enough to scream (or screoch), Betsey did, with might and main, pcreaui (or screech), running back towards the kitchen as fast as her logs would cany her, ,with all her hair " standing up on end," and AUlier flosli " in a crawl" from the crown of her hoad to the- soles of her feet. \- i"Just so! Just sol" said Mr. Munder, when the statement came to a close—as if: the ^Tit pfa young woman with all her hair gjfowlujgon end and all her flesh in, a crawl, were ail ordinary result of his experience of female humanity, "Just so! You may stand' -back my good girl—you may stand battk. 1 There is nothing to smile at, sir," he ijpjititiued, sternly addressing Uncle Joseph, who had been excossively amused by jBetseyY luauner of delivering;iher, evidence. "You, would, be doing better rto carry, or rather trausport, your: mind back to what followed' arid succeBded the young woman's screech, what did weatt d<>; fir f i'ushoji* to / tlie spBt/ and vte horizontally prostrate, on the top of the landing on the flight of the north stairs; and we saw those keys now hanging up yonder, ab stracted, aiutyttrloiued, and as it were, snatched from their place in this room, and lying horizontally prostate likewise, on the floor of the hall. There are the facts, the circumstances, and the events, laid, or rather placed before you. What have you got to say to them 1 call upon you both solemnly, and, I will add, seriously! In my own name, in the name of Mrs. Pentreath, in the name of our employers, in the name of dcccncy, in the name of wondo; —what do you meau by it ?" With that conclusion, Mr, Munder struck his fist on the table, and waited, with a stare of merciless expectation, for anything in the shape of an answer, an explanation, or a defence which the culprits at the bottom of the room might be disposed to offer., " Tell him anything," whispered Sarah to the old man. " Anything to keep him quiet; anything to make him let us go ! After what I have sulfered, these people will drive lue mad!" .Never very'quick at inventing an excuse, and perfectly ignorant besides of what had really happened to his niece while she M as alone iu the north hall, Uncle Joseph, witli the best will in the world to prove himself equal to the emergency, felt considerable difficulty in deciding what he should say or do. Determined, however, at all hazards, to spare Sarah any useless suffering, and to remove her from the house as speedily as possible, he rose to take the responsibility of speaking on himself, looking hard before he opened his lips, at Mr. Munder, who immediately leaned forward on the table with his liand to his ear. Uncle Joseph acknowledged this polite act of attention with one of his fantastic bows ; and then replied to the whole of the steward's long harangue, in these six unanswerable ^vords :— " I wish yon good day, sir " How dare you wish me anything of the sort!" cried Mr. Munder, jumping out of his chair iu violent indignation. "How dare you trifle with a serious subject and a serious question iu that way ? Wish me good day, indeed! I)o you suppose lam going to let you out of this house without hearing some explanation of the abstracting and purloining and snatching of the keys of the north rooms?" " Ah ! it is that you want to know ?" said Uncle Joseph, stimulated to plunge headlong into an excuse b}' the increasing agitation and terror of liisniecc. "See, now! I shall explain. What was it, dear and good sir, that we said when we were first let in ? This:—'Wehave come to see the house.' Now, there is a north side to the house, aud a west side to the house. Good) That is two sides; and I and my niece are two people; and we divide ourselves in two, to see the two sides, I am the half that goes west, with you and the dear and good lady behind there. My niece here is the other half tliat goes north, all by herself,' aud drops the keys, and,falls into a faint, because in that old part of the house it is what you call mustyfusty, and there is smells of tombs and spiders, audtliat isall theexplauation,aud quiteenough, too. I wish you good day, sir." " Damme ! if ever I met with the like of you lw'fore!" roared Mr. Munder, entirely forgetting his dignity, his respectability, aud liis long words, iu the exasperation of the moment. " You are going to have it all your own way, are you, Mr. Foreigner ? You will walk out of this place when you please, will you, Mr. Foreigner I We will see what the justice of the peace for this district has to say to that," cried Mr. Munder, recovering his solemn manner and his lofty phraseology. "Property iu this house is confided to my care; and unless I hear some satisfactory explanation of the purloining of those keys, hanging up there, sir, oil that wall, sir, before your eyes, sir—1 shal| consider it my duty to detain you, aujl the person with you, until I can get legal advice, and lawful advice, and magisterial advice. Wo you hear that, sir f •Uncle Joseph's ruddy cheeks suddenly deepened iu colour, and his face assumed an expression which made the housekeeper rather uneasy, and which Lad an irresistibly cooling effect on the heat of Mr. Munder's auger. ' You will keep u*s here i Yon said the old mau, speaking very quietly, aud looking very steadily at the steward. " Now, see. I take this lady (courage, my child, courage! there is nothing to tremble for)—1 take tins lady with me.; I throw that door open, so ! I stand aud wait before it; aud I say to you, ' Shut that'door against us, if you dare.'" At this defiance, Mr. Munder advanced a fewsteps, and thou stopped. If Uncle Joseph's steady lod)t at him had wavered for an instant, he would have closed the door. " I say again," repeated the old man, "shut it against us, if you dare, The laws and customs of your country, sir has made me an Englishman. If you can talk into one oar of i a magistrate, I can talk into the other. If lie must listen to you, a citizen.of this country, hf must listen to mo, afciiiaai of this country 4 v^Soythe word, if y&tt; please.. Do you accuse! or do you threaten; or do you shut the door?" Before Mr. Munder could reply to any one of these three direct questions, the housekeeper begged him to return to his chair, and to speak to her. As he resumed his place, she whispered to him. in warning tones, 4 ' Remember Mr*. Frankland's letter!" (To If conliiuu'il.) 