IRELAND. The Synod of the Ibish Bishops ai Matjs'ooth. : ± he Synod opened on Tuesday, at St. Pat ! rick . College Maynooth. The special corl respondent of the. Freeman's Journal gr^i the ^nl^esc'P^n of the ceremonSl at At about half-past nine o'clock the college KW ^'^W to stream into the chapel of St. Joseph, which had been fixed upon as the place whence the precession was to start and there awaited the coming of the eminent and illus-f-.nVmc no^;n»i * __7i ? . ' bihty of presiding over the Council. At « few minutes before ten o'clock intimation was conveyed to las Eminence that all was Z m readiness, and immediately afterwards, accompanied by the ministers of the Mass the masters of ceremonies, the cross-bearers! and other attendants, his Eminence entered St. Joseph s Chapel, and was received with all reverence by the venerable assembly He was then vested in cope and jewelled mire and some preliminary arrangements and formalities having been concluded, the procession was formed, and word was given that it should be set in motion. It was a charming morning just then, and them*™ ana tne toi,a«e of the college square looked exqu.silely fresh and green First in tha procession came the clergy of the religious orders not belongmg to the Synod; afS? them followed the secular clergy not belong, ing to the Synod ; to these Succeeded l2£ choir of priests charged with the sacred music of the day. Alter the choir came the theologians and the bishops ; next came the provincials of religious orrlera ? t.h*n th~ — -T juar dignitaries; (hen followei' tih.dCS of the Council, with the procurators of abaent Bishops ; then the prelates themselves * «3 lastly, the Cardinal President of the Counril When the procession began to move the hymn Ve-n Creator was intoned bv the choir and was caught up and sung in unison by the whole body of the procession. The scene ww a striking one, as the long array moved on in the sunlight around the college grounds, y When the circuit of the college grounda 'H»% made the procession entered the chapel, fcndthe clergy, dignitaries, and bishops took *mV seats marked out for them by the masters fcf the ceremonies on either side the choir. 3Dhat i old college chapel has witnessed in its 'time many' sacred scenes. It has witnessed fthe consecration of bishops — it has seen 'thousands of Levites ordained into the priest hood—it has been sanctified by hundreds upon hundreds of ' first Masses' offered at its altars; it has echoed to sad requiems ! chanted for dead students and superiors, but its crowning glory was reserved for yesterday, Vhen it became the meeting-place of a Rational Synod. It is true that it afforded j scarcely the resources requisite for such an I ©vent, and much of the splendour of the day's { '?ceremonial was impaired because of the want i ipf altar space. But it would have been a ?pity if it had passed away without leaving as an additional item for its history the fact of being the hall of a Council of the Irish Church. The following is a list of the pre lates and others who were assembled in the church: — The Cardinal Archbishop of Dublin; Archbishop of Armagh, Primate of Ireland ; Archbishop of Tuam ; Archbishop of Cashel ; %)ie Bishops of Dromore, Derry, Down and ?jCbnnor, Kilmore, Clogher, Ossory, Rapboe, ..'Ferns, Ardagb, Cork, Rosa, ELillaloe, Limerick, Waterford, Cloyne, Achonry, ;EIphin, Galway, Clonfert, Killala, Kildare ; $he Vicar- Apostolic of Madras, and the Abbot of fitount .Melleray . Having recited the prayers of invocation to the Blessed Virgin, to St. Patrick, and to St^. Laurence O'Tool, the Cardinal President '.Vested for Mass, which was then celebrated /with all the ritual observances prescribed in ithe book of ceremonies. At me conclusion y«of the Mass the Lord Bishop of Dromore Vascended the pulpit, and preached an impres sive and practical sermon, V/When the sermon had finished the Car* 'dinaltobk his place at the faldstool before .the altar and intoned the psalm ' Salvum me :fac,' which was continued to its close by the prelates and the choir of priests. His Eminence tVien pronounced the solemn invo cation to the Holy Ghost that He would descend, upon the Council and guide its . 'ttoli.'uerations, so that no human consideration — ^neither fear nor favour — should cause its , Saesabers to deviate in the least degree from tthe way of truth and justice. The Litany of -Jae Saints was next sung, his Eminence invoking a blessing on the Council before the tjonclusion of the supplications ; that portion of the Gospel of St. Luke which records the , sending forth by our Lord of His Apostles ;..??' to preach the Kingdom of God and heal the infirm' was chanted by the deacon ; the hymn of the Holy Ghost was again solemnly and impressively given by the assembled fccclesiaatics, and the public portion of the inauguration was then completed. All not belonging to the Synod were requested to retire, the chapel doors were closed, and the J; Council went into the session for deliberation and for business. 