THE DROWN' LADY. By Mrs. CV:n:t. Ht:y. IN TWO PARTS:— PART I. ClHYrr- I. A:- V.ONI r?r.v. A Tistt-v.tr (Jar in Miy ; the sun shining as it is wont to shine upon Paris more c .instantly than Tve grow.ing islanders — '.vivo profit by an occasional wct Jay in the imperial c : ; y. to pretend that "if tits climate of London is infinitely worse, that ot Paris is not tr.acn better, than it ought to be — are wi.-ing to believe. Snnshine everywhere : in the streets and on the boulevard-, touch in if. up the girded railings whtcb in Parts a. ways :o>:-: so provokiug'y new, where- is .-.believer we venture on any tiling of that kiud — and, sooth to say, that is discreetly seldom — is hope lessly tarnished in about a week.; pouring into gay gardens lull ot people possessed ol a highly- cultivate 1 faculty for amusing ti. em- selves ; gei.t'y insinuating itself between curtains of si k and lace : peeping into the rooms of the sick, and hinting the nearness o; f a rVa HctfiA S!liV.Vlllff.li!! tO quite inimitable advi.ntige tne treasures o; architecture and sculpture with which the wealth and' the genius of ages hare endowed the chosen ci'y of the modern arts — thegrand metropolis t-l Pleasnre. 1 he golden root of the 'Saitne L'hapelie looks like a piece of the flooring of the Apocalyptic New Jerusalem ; and the famous grotescue devil who leer-3 at Paris from Notre IDame, as if he found the . spectacle much to his taste, has a golden back- ground. The gloaming radiance dances in shifting ripples in the air; the sky, clear aud vaulted, looks amazingly distant and nut o"f reach ; aud everything has that peculiar- holiday air upon it which is so puzzling "to British perceptions, and so utterly unattain able h-y British imitation. Nowhere is the sunshine more splendid -than in the noble Bee .do Rivoli, and it lights uo prettier scene than mo Ulterior ot a nacQSOtEe room m a nue , i.otel whose tenants are two persons, a man ; and women — beautiful -bride and noble bride groom. The windows open on the street, -a wide balcony 6iled with flowers intervening, aud the thousand sou-ads which tell of the ; i/j-nitd hionu'e invade the .privacy of the pair, 1 who seem to like the stir and the sunshine:; for the young lady is standing just within the J lace curtain, which hides her from view, and 1 the young man is standing -beside her, with an arm, against which she leans comfortably, 1 round her slight waist. " Tout h month ' Yes, it does indeed ; and if it didn't now, and didn't here, it must be a very stupid .itnnil'., and not at all worth belonging to. fnst look, Burnham ; there goes a carriage fuil of you-r O'smpnlriMe-i : and thongh they look pleased, there s a slight expression of being-father surprised and just a little ashamed of '.hetnselvea about them. Ah,'' — and .the speaker nodded her jii'juiii,''' bead with quaint gravity, — ";t is .never thoroughly learned after one is grown up. Now, are educated in it.1 in wtiar, .Aoeuue . " Tn the art of amusing ourselves, of course. 'We find it in our very primers. Tell me, | jlaruliam ; when you were taught to read. ' what were the first sentences you learned \ "'I really cannot remember, hut I fancy the , usual thing — 'This is a cat : u dog has a tail ; , Tom is -a bad boy ;' there o thereabouts, I ; should say." i "Yes, vest I know your horrible little spelling-books — your ('. ,vA.'.o examples of J,uJskv(s»i' primalr-i. Now the first reading- lesson I ever learned iu my life, and ike erst rhyme, ''"as — ' J'ai un g.-ileau 1 Qu'il est bean ! Mes amis tons, Rcjouis-sons-nuns !' Situpje you will acknowledge, and expressive Not burdensome to tiva memory, and incut- ..eating moral -sentiments, such us sharing a cake when you .have ODe, aud calling on your /riends to rejoice. Now tbats just the differ ence between us, you sea : you are taught tha: 'Tom is a bad boy,' and you thiuk it means all the Toms of your acquaintance, and _you had better have clothing to say to them ; while we— 0, how well I remember how we jisod to sing the praises of the imaginary cake iu chorus, and dance round, like this 1 ' And ia a moment 'Lord Buruham found himself ak il full v twirled out cf his passive attitude and spun round on the floor, aitergwhich achieve ment her ladyship threw herself hack iu a <:hair, and laughed oue of the most melodious Jdoglis ever uttered by a Frenchwoman. "Adeline, Adeline, how can you be so absurd !" said the bridegroom, who was sufficiently British of demeanour to think it n ci-ssarv to protest, but for whom the wild spirits and the droll conceits of the pretty French girl ho had married a month before h.-.d a fascination which not the sternest monitor would have counselled him to resist. "It /(<.'' absurd !" she replied; "to be ft rlou--, to be dull, to be gloomy, to gorbr on such a day as this, it is to absurd — a,,c! — ar.d YinjIL-h .' There now, I declare you are vexed !' I ous orez Ju .--'/J'- -1'' — and you promised you wouldn't, you know." " Indeed I am not vexed ; indeed 1 havs not ,y Lord Buruham replied, with 3ome- what n.edless earnestness, as his bride s ' | s".v.\:'in_- brown eves might have tol a him : "a.;: vu amuse :ih> out ol my sober senses,. I t, I '!«, w v:t : in'.'.-: t > v -a seriously, yen ' v. b .' .re w- s: m fur h one. ' ! I:. T s-ii t L, id v Uuraham. rising !ro:n j her --o.: on 1 ii:'.:iro ickitig her lr.ipb in 1 with un i-xnre?-: on i:i 1 ' r : . ii:: e j'.p.-reh-.'tisiun ' miV.gle-i with girlish glee. "Then A: us go : t i the BuN ; the d -,y is too beau:; fx : I can't She ring tk" h - . - as she sp:i:?. It 'Was i promptly n-.s. ' \ by her footman. I In a v mo x-.-- I.i.iy Bunih-im, attire i i:i i a to i r r t; , hr.i - c >:n .'-.nation of si'.-., lace, ?.n- b..-.i. was p--.;- i in an open carriage of the : newest an 1 m-sst elegant construction, and. her hri.legr loni by her side, was being whirle i to? her English to or-'-ighure is. Lie a t-rkvuinn a:i 1 decreasing ner gn-'y ->r ia any w .y tr»-.ib'.i:;g on , '.iCii nn1. ti « n !»ud. :"v ! . -.1 ; up ov-.-v i:i ! anni in Lira Burnh.um's tare Iroin the sue r ot a Tne drive was p:o! onge i until tins 1.1-1:. an i the voting pair returned to t heir hotel only in time to dress for dinner. As they parted to with a smi:e : make me stay there a day longer than you actually must." When Lard Burnham was nut of his wife's sigh:, and h'-vmid the in:: tetic--- ol her sweet voice and her sunny smiles, be began ti look rather serious. ,inj after a tvliiie his expression became gravely meditative. He pore 1 his room from end to end, his face still retaining its tro skied expression, until he suddenly ex claimed. half-ai-on i, " wit! write to Madeleine ; sdie will befriend her ; ' a ml witn tins resolu tion tranquillity came hack to him. He took a letter from his breast-pocket, and threw it into i a drawer, widen he locked with tho air ot a i mati who nuts out of sight a displeasing object. He had taken that letter on: with the ir.tcii- I tion of showing it to his wife, hut he had not ' done sr.; and now he excus-d his weakness of purpose bv saving to himself that it w-f.s bet ter no: to let her see it; that tha writer had certain oeeu'.iaricies of style which no French woman. however well acquainted with the i En.'lU'r. tongue, could complete!? understand, and vrhica would ori'y hive giver, her an e.x- aggrreited idea of certirin difficulties which he annrchended. No; i: was decidedly better she had not seen it. Lady B.irnhnm, on the contrary, laughed outrl -"lit when she was alone, aud said to her- seU, " If he love 1 me less, and had more of the odious Kti.'lisli .UU , I might feel afraid; p . - .. ,, but. as it :s,y.- /)< .< Anvone who had seen her as she sat before a large mirror, in which her entire figure was reflected, while her maid arranged her magnifi cent beir, of a rich chesnut brown — so long, so silken, so plentiful, that it seemed to ndapt it- ' self to -each new caprice of fashion as though that caprice had been especially invented for it I — would have believed tnat she might safely i aspire to any degree of power or indueuce to .1 be acqu:-ed by tii9 charm of beauty, grace, 1 -...a -..-..,.1, In ti-.n nnM and nale internreta. thm of words, this is what tho mirror showed | her. I A tall, elegant, supple Sgnre, perfect sytn- , raetrj", full of vigorous health and activity, but . lending itself toher present attitudeof luxurious , repose as thongh it were -the most suited to it i of all ; shoulders worthy of cbe chisel of Story when uuder the influence of his own dream of Cleopatra ; hands and feet such as marble never imaged, for their soft pure warmth and I lightness are the privileges only of flesh and ! blood. The head, learned somewhat forward i and downward at her maid's request, was per- | fectly shaped, but not small .-; and in its ex- I pression there was intellect and will. 'The lace, which wore the expression of extreme I vouth, rare in the case of brunettes, of which i order of beauty Lady Burnham was a perfect j specimen, was refined and delicate, and chiefly i remarkable for tha velvet softness of the large j rich brown eyes, the long lashes, which exactly ! matched the chesnut bair in colour, and the ! beauty of tlw month. Rarely has a French, i wemuu such a mouth. As she sat with her A-wnrd and her face downcast, the beautiful scarlet under-lip drooped a little and showed the whole row of teeth, which ordinarily it covered, exeept when n magical smile caused the truit-iike lips and the milk-like teeth to be at once displayed and confounded, in a fashion which blended exquisite beauty of feature and expression. The rich complexion was also delicate : and the most determined and de voted advocate of bioude loveliness would not ! have denied that Lady B.ircham was beauti- I fui. | There was this peculiarity about her. that ! though her beauty was not " English,'' her m itinera were not " French.' A /'ii-vy/i/cr, ca-refuily trained after the approved method, wov.id not have been emancipated, in the early davs of her marriage, from the colourless propriety, hitherto enforced by a who-e code of prettv prescriptions and restrictions, or she would have emancipated herself by a reaction- . ary effort much at variance with gcod taste. She might have been awkward, she might have been impudent, but she coa.d not have accomplished the airy graceful self-pos3ession, , the perfect individuality and femiuine dignity, combined with sweetness and enlivened by ar, ; almost exuberant girlish gaiety, which tnaoe i this young Frenchwoman so attractive, and so i unlike her fair compatriots on their emergence from the rso.tne phase of existence into that of the /eun. -But Lady Buruham bad not had the ordinary training of her country and her class. While her maid, Zelie Huret, who was also in her way a valuable ex ception to her class, is arranging the rich masses of her mistress's hair, let us briefly tell the store of the Idle brunt' woo had had the good fortune t-o captivate the young English " milord " who had been so popular in Paris, and was supposed to be an exception to the English ina'ady of "the spleen.' The lather of Adeline de Beauconr WH9 a man ol rank, who thoaght more of his large fortuee than his good blood, and held his oolitical aspirations and successes in higher estimation than either. A freethinker in ' everything, of striking ana practical abilities, | bis. inherited advantages were such as to I enable him to arricer, while bis persoual ! qualities would, under any circumstances, ! bav9 euab'ed him to /nr>&>ur. Ha had lived nlwavs a brilliant, prosperous, influential lite I b-.-f'Uv the w.-iv. 1. -.V >\ 5 a man of mu-h mark and illimitable '' -.Vam mg the »t iupt.g.bns an I creation- -J the siccm Empire, an.! loved only t-vo human beings ia the world — himself and. his beautiful daughter. His wife ' died in the thiv.l year of tier marriage, ami 1.,- had never though; of replacing her. He did not trouble himself about the family name ; he was to much - in his ways of thinking I for that ; and the wealth with which his iiughtor sh mid bj endowed would enable him to indulge himself by carrying ou; an i-iei lrich was a novelty iu leed, for it was ; ni other thiu that, when the pr-ipsr time ' should arrive, he — if e rnrse having taken care tha: she should have no ineligible ass - ciates — would permit Adeline to marry the man of her choice, dispensing with family inter ventions and relegating her late altogether from the region of wise and advantageous h-.rgains. Hell by his friends to be n; ready, if he had given utterance to in? revolt of ,m ;ni >n. or intention, against tho ' ' sic! ed French institution of the m irr-i-j-: - - -. . ' . they would have considered lii-n , h uselessly eccentric: so lie said nothing, hut act-- 1 in' regard t > Adeline as his peculiar views dictate !. He procured for her a large and libera! e inc.tti in under his own sir- . veiliaucr : an!, intending' her to choose tier own lot, in so far as a woman can choose, he 1 endeavoured to give her just views of lite and human nature, content to guide her judgment, without controlling her will by imprisoning her intelligence. He made her his companion, ami contrived that without too utterly outraging the opinions of the world of Paris and tho pro vinces, Adeline should associate with his friends almost as freely as as an English girl might have done under similar circumstances. To-.- result was entirely felicitous — the hand some, clever, happy, French girl profited by her exceptional circumstances to the full extent of her exceptional intelligence and organisation, and when the moment came at which her heart "spoke," it spoke in favour of one whom her father would have ardently desired for her husband had he reserved for himself, after French fashiou. tho power of disposing of his daughter as p:r ron'ru. Walter Viscount Burahatn was the only son of an English earl, — it fact which M. de lleaucour, notwithstanding that he was iutjnr-: in his way of thinking, appreciated, — fairly rich for his present station and with a great inheritance hi the future; a young man of ability and reputation, held iu esteem in M. Beaucour's own circle, and well received in certain mora exclusive French cliques which were not in the least et/i/'i V-.". ine advantage ot hint tact to nis unugnter .u. ue jjeaucour also understood. He was too thorough a Frenchman to dissociate Adeline s future from France and the objects prized by French people, and .though ft brilliant exception to 'French igncrance of the English social system he did not quite comprehend the significance of the rank and position which were to be hers as the wife of Walter Viscount Burnhara. That young nobleman had not been ac- ; customed to put restraint upon his inclinations which were happily never vicious, and very rarely harmful ; and now, when he fell in love in all the strength and meaning of the phrase ; with Adeline de Beancour, he did not allow I the idea that his father nnd mother would ; nrobably dislike such a marriage for him to ; distress him in the least. They did not like it : even when they had had it satisfactorily ex- . plained to them that Adeline was well-born and wealthy. Her being a foreigner was i "such a' very dreadful thing;" aud there I was dear Lady Laura Grantley, just cune out, whom Burnhaui's lady mother had always ; iuteuded to have as a daughter-in-law ; — if j something better did not turn up. This, thongh | the Countess of Harlesdale was not a fool by j any means, and yet. if she had been ever , sostrictlv cross examined, could not have put I in evidence a single iustance in which her son had sacrificed his own inclinations for the gratification of any cherished wish of hers. The earl was not exactly pleased, but then he was not exactly displeased, which indeed was his general condition of mind ; happily indifferent to anything which did not aflect his chief interest in life — his stud and his field-sports. But he liked quiet, and it was easier and more politic for him to take the part of his wife who was present, aud could make him actively uncomfortable, against the son who was absent and could only grumble from a distance. Besides he believed, and secretly hoped, it would not make much difference to Burnbam. His lordship was right — it did uot make mucli difierenee to Buruham, who wooed and won his bride, and suffered no further inconvenience from the parental displeasure than the awkwardness of being obliged to invent excuses for the nonappearance of the ladies of iiis family at his wedding ; an un fortunate circumstance which he imputed to his mother's delicnte health. Then the French ladies opined that the Couutess suffered from !> .-./vs. i, an! that Adeline's might be slightly spoiled by the element of a splenetic mother-in-law. Bnrnham knew that in the time to come Adeline mast find out the truth. But when that time should come, they would be so completely united that anything which did not vex him would scarcely vex her : and besides who could doubt that his beautiful amiable young wife would soon win the admiration and affection of his family r That she should win their regard he considered most desirable even in his most careless moods, for ho did not think women eouid be " comfortable without that sort of thing :" by which vague phrase the Viscount meant family union and mutual respect. The wedding went off brilliantly ; the bride- ' froom conforming in all respects to French usages, to the horror and indignation of the j Countess, who declared that the family of I | Marlesdale was for ever disgraced by such a ; | "compromise, ' and was not- to convinced that | j a French lady must be married in France j according to French law. The Earl of j Marlesdale was present, in consequence of i strong representations made by the family I lawyer, who had gone to Paris about the settle,-., | meats, and who. having discovered that the | Viscount was making "a aeuced good match. ' did not hesitate to say so, though he thereby incurred the infliction of a long and highly. ! scriptural letter from the CouDtess, requiring to know whether he considered "filthy lucre " an equivalent for the degradation of the house ol llabv ? Mr. Wilcox took no notice of the \- epistle," nnJ tiie Karl acted on his solicitor's ' advice. He was too good a judge of beauty and manners uot to admire his sou's bride nn- feignedly, and too nrbiine not to congratulate his son eloquently, and to make himself very agreeable to all parties concerned. But the Earl of Maries '.ale was occasionally ! ant to err on the side oi caution iu his . iio:ne.-tiv! demeanour, and ho ma.de a mistake ; of that kind on the ocoasiin in question. On . his return to M tries 'ale, ho said so much , about tho bride's fortune, and so little about , her face, her manners, and her ""style,'' that 1 he produced an effect on which he had not calculated. His wife tirmly believed that ho had found all the iore'in lings about the " foreign person " in which she had indulged realise 1, and that the only cms Anion tinier . tho ci ran instances was to he derived from M. , de Beaucour's wealth, a:t .1 B.imham's present and future share -if it. L n.ler this impression . tho Countess wrote toher son the letter which lie had intended to show to his wile, hut ' which, aitor their c versati on during tneir drive in tho Bois. lie pa ret a fly locked up. lest by any chance she might see it. C:: H. ,\r r.rnxit.ir-t -'a- rt.::. The chief residence ot tne l. irl ol Moi'ies.ia.e, Bnrnham — situate iu tho heart of a beauti.'nl ; midland country, in a park famous lor its . timber, was R stately seiguourial dwelling, uf irregular 'out imposing architecture, hunt ot deep red brick, which showed warmly amid the profuse green of the nolilo trees, taced with white cut stone, tin 1 abounding in turrets, chimneys, an 1 windows ' of quaint devices, the latter glowing with colour, and superb iu blazonry — was the beautiful ideal ol a country residence. lerraces, vases, "wildernesses," ornamental water, strutting peacocks, aviaries, fountains of Italian work- : tnauship, and gardens in the Italian style— ' c'n irming! v contrasting aud combining with . the good old-fashioned garden and r.osery in tho nenv neighbourhood of the stables, which the Earl's good taste had preserved intact amid all the improvements of a scientific age were to be seen at Burnham. Nothing was wanting to render the place a charming sub ject for a delicate engraving, illustrative of the "stately homes of England, and a pleasant home to which to iutroduce a young, haudsome. well- born, well-bred. well- dowered bride. As a feature of loeal interest, as a show. place, though there were some quite first-class lions of historical raaguitude in the vicinity, Burnham was perfect; ithadeveuthe highly- desirable, if not indispensable, ghost' to recommend it. The last item of its treasures was more prized by the neighbours and the sb'lugoers than by tha noble occupants of tha castle. In was indeed generally understood that the Countess particularly objected to the ghost ; iu which, though not a romantic or imaginative person in geueral, she was said to believe. ..... iii.. .. _i :i tl. t „i JSot.UM couia ue more uuiiKe me icsuii ui anything uncanny than was Burnham ou a j certain evening, a week later thau that on : which Lard Burnham changed his mind about letting bis beautiful, wilful, gay young bride . sea his mother's letter. Tho sunshine which had been flooding Paris with light for a month, _ previously, was now giving Euglaud a turn, > and was bidding Burnham a brief good-night j with gorgeous ceremony and splendour. The : westward- facing front of the house was all a- ; fire with the slanting parting rays, and the rich colours of the painted scutcheons which adorned the windows blazed aud glowed like heraldic work done in jewels. The faint stir of expectation which represents emotion and 1 welcome in a great house wa3 perceptible. ! Men-servants mustered strong in the grand ' hall, women. servauts flitted about the stairs 1 and corridors, aud made furtive excursions into the spacious drawing-rooms iu order to i look out of the windows. Lird aud Lady Burnham were coming home, and there was general curiosity — tempered, among the " serious" portion of the yakfaille, uotablv the Countess's own maid and own footman, with much disapprobation and terrible misgivings — to see " the foreigner," The Earl of Marlesdale, although really very clad to see his son at home again, and by no" means dissatisfied with the marriage be had made, was not particularly excited about , the event, and in pursuance of his usual ! predilection for a quiet life, remained in his own apartments, aud left the women to do all the watching and waiting and -guessing, all the gushing and welcoming and criticism, by themselves. "The women," as the Earl irreverently termed in his thonghts the Countess of Marlesdale and the Ladies Blanche and Madeleine Raby, were in the Countess's morning-room, which opened on the terrace nnd each of the three was, in her respective fashion, occupied with the approaching event. Lady Marlesdale and her elder daughter, Lady Blanche, a pa.e, formal, severe, ami stupid-looking young woman of four- and- j twenty, were seated at a table covered with j particoloured scraps of cotton fabric and scat- j to red working-materials, suggestive of the nature of their receutly-abandoned occupation, ; which was, in fact, the manufacture of a large : patchwork quilt. They were fond of cheap charity and of monotonous occupation ; and the fabrication of patchwork quilts for the old women who lived in the Burnham almhouses an institution founded and endowed by the proceeding Lady Marlesdale— furnished them with both. Many placid hours of companion ship did mother aud daughter thus enjoy, during which their talk would usually turn on the '"dangerous " nature of all religious opinions but their own, the "soundness' of the Reverend .losiah Crawler— Intely presented bv the E irl to the living of Burnham, and a re- speciful. indeed referential, admirer of the lady Blanche, who was good enough to select his texts and revise h:s sermons and the 1 ameu table ia tit udiuarianistn of "their" Bishop. According to her very narrow notions and her feebly-twinkliug light, Lady Blanche Raby was a good young woman ; but she was decidedly not beautiful, a fact at which the Countess micht have been sufficiently left to herself to repine, but for the superior piety and wisdom , of Lady Blanche, who took frequent occasion ; to comment upon the lasting dangers, and the j evanesceut attractions of good looks, and to register solemn acts of gratitude to I ro- videuce," which had not spread that awful snare far her feet. Providence bad been : equally considerate in not spreading the snare for anvbody else's feet, however,— Lady Blan che was not onlv unmarried, but bad never ' had an offer; and' this stnte of things did un- mistakabl v annoy the Countess, who had a suspicion that not only her daughter s spiritual 1 "ifts and snperioritv awed and repelled the : selecting sex, but that the sraallness of her for- ! tune very disproportionate to Ear rank, had , something to do with it. A sincerely pious | woman in her narrow way, Lidy Mirlesda o i bad no toleration ip ber nature, and very little power of sympathising with feelings even when shedidDot blame them, bhe had no .ntimate friendships, and loved no human being i hevoud the strict limits of her family. Rhiito j 1 uu'j msci ii-'y. she was very mean and mercenary, and a! -o excessively prnu 1. Il her s-jctei convictions c iul.1 have been laid open to . vicw, it would have 'been f nin-.l that she re- 1 gar-led an hereditary peerage in this world as j a kind of patent ot precedence in the kingdom ; of heaven. She Loved her husband Biter her 1 fash: in, hit sho suuhhe 1 and hired him ; and she loved Iter son very much more, und with a sirong dash of jealousy in her affection, which : threatened t o end anger the peace of a resident 1 dan -hter-in-'.a w. Such were two of the three | ladies who were a -waiting the arrival of Lirdi. I an! Lady Burnham. The- third _ was wholly ' ; unlike them in person and in minJ._ As she Stood just outside tho open window, in a con- , veniont position 1 or joining in th? conversation : going on inside the room, and yet which en abled her to see farther down tho nuhlo avenue ' of elms from under tho pretty white hands j arched over her eyes, Lvdy Madeleine Riby i formed an attractive p'cture. Eiio was in her f ta at t I .a f 1 a t" .» O V /"» f 1 3 ! 1 . L " > ' " ' '. 1 1 LT 11 t' 0 . which did not lack dignity, and with n clear- , cut, refined, saft-e.ouiph'xione.l. gray-eyed face, 1 which never failed to charm at the first look, and never lost nil admirer it had once won. she was like her brother, but not so handsome, an I though there was nothing markedly in tellectual in her expression, it was impossible to mistake the gontle womanly intelligence : and sweetness of her character. Lord Burn ham had done wisely in l-csoiving to seek her ! affection and interest for his hriHiantly-beauti- ! ful, recklessly-clever, aud unconventional wile. Lady Madeleine, in lu-r secret heart and some- , times in a moment cf unguarded expression, j lookoJ forward to the arrival of her sistar-in- j law with more of impatient hope and girlish | curiosity than her mother and sister could I understand or sympathise with. Indeed, they j 1 -did not understand or sympathise much with j i Madeleine in general ; hut she did not get on j j badly with the/i for all that : her suuny ; I nature warmerFeven their narrow and chilly ! i hearts towards her, and Lady Marlesdale s I j self-complacent and far-reaching egotism se- ! cured her from tho possibility of finding serious i fault with anyone who possessed the indisput 1 able advantage of being /A-/- daughter. Lady Madeleine was a happy girl, and her home-life was happv, though' she did sometimes wish ' mamma and Blanche were just a little less . spirituall v-ininded, a little more susceptible to : the charms and delights of a Loudon season. I The anticipation of "coming out," in the full ; meaning of that dazzling phrase, under the j auspices of her sister iu law, who was certain to be popular in society if she at all resembled \- the portrait which Bnrnham h id drawn of her ' in his strictly-private letters to Madeleine (who was emphatically his favourite sister — in- deed, he rather disliked aud altogether des pised the Lady Blanche), was a strong in- | gradient in the pleasure with which Madeleine j regarded her brother's marriage. .She had hnd j two "seasous" already, bat in her mothers, 1 not her own, interpretation of the expression, i —Tho" new-married couple were to have a house j in London, where the Marlesdales did not j possess a family mansion, aud to do their i at Buruham ; a process which Lady Bnrnham bad privately'reso! ved to cur- ' tail as much as possible, and also to vary by ! seeing not a little of her native Paris, j " I think I hear the carriage, mamma," said 1 La-:lv Madeleine, without turning her head, or j relaxing the fixed gaze with which she was re- ! garding the long avenue of elm3. | "Very likely," said Lady. Marlesdale; ; "they are much after their time already. Not ' Hint T exneoted nuuctualitv." " From Burnham ; I should thiuk not . j said Lady Blanche. " From Lady Burnhara I principally meant, my dear ; a foreign education is not likely, I fear, to inculcate that due regard for others which, among other and greater proprieties, includes punctuality." " 0 mamma," rejoined Madeleine, " it wasn t an English king who3aid punctuality was the > politeness of priuces ! I'm right," she con- I tinued eagerly, "here they come ! I shall run round to fhe hall. — Wou'tyon come, Blanche ?" "Thank you," replied that young lady with calm indifference, " I shall wait until they are announced." Madeleine ran with a light step along the I terrace — from whence the advancing carriage was now distnictly visible — to the grand en trance. Iu a few minutes the travellers had arrived, had alighted, the bustle of reception was at its height, and Lady MBt-lesdale and her elder daughter had fully recognised the mistake they had made, iu concluding that be cause the Earl had said very little about the amoearance and manners of his sou s bride, there was nothing favourable to be said. | Lidy Madeleine waa dazzled and delighted ; | Lady Blanche was surprised, and. in spite of j herself, pleased. The efi'ect on the Couutess ; of ber daughter-in-law's beauty, grace, fascina- : tion, aod perfect ease of manner — in which j there was not a tonch of insolence or want of 1 deference, not a shade of anything which the j lea=t fri-ndiy criticism could call ill-bred — was j more decided and remirkable. When the commotion had subsided, and | Lady Burnham, accompanied by Lidy Made, j leiue, bad been installed iu bet- apartments, the j Countess and her uusbaud found themselves alone for a few minutes. L >rd Marlesdale looked in- ouiritigiy. perhaps a little timidly, at his wife before he said, "Well, my dear, and what do you think of her ? " I had" no idea she was so handsome." re plied Lad v Marlesdale, buther tone was absent, ber look d!-<>r<ttb!. " T thought you would be agreeably sur prised," said i he lvarl. "I did not say much about her looks, because I thiuk one never i learns anvtbiQg from a description. Time to get ready for dinner, is it not ? " And then I bis lordship, feeling lika an individual who had got out of a scrape with unexpected, perhaps unmerited, facility, took himself off. (To hi continued.; 