' : '''?'?' ; ' An After-meeting Address. . ' ? ' ?? When a week of daily services comes to a close, in which truth ?has been placed before us in due proportion and symmetry, our incli nation would lead us to regret that the privilege should cease ; 'bub our duty is rather to reflect on the blessings which we have obtained. Let our motto be ' onward.' Yes, I may say to each-one of you, 'Hold that fast which thou hast. Consider the blessings which thou has received, and from this point press onward toward the mark.' ? As you travel on the railway you hear the distant rumbling of another train coming towards you. The sound grows louder, and then through the window you see the passing carriages as they dash by at a mile a minute, the united velocities of the moving trains. Whence the swiftness of these marvellous engines 1 In 1830, before the opening of the Liverpool and Manchester railway, it was ascer tained that an engine with an ordinary boiler could not attain a higher speed than that of a stage coach, as the steam could not be generated fast enough. The celebrated Stephenson solved the problem. He carried the fire through and through the water of the boiler by means of tubes, thus greatly multiplying the heating surface with which the liquid element was brought into Contact. of the train should be so guided as to play through these fire tubes, thereby ensuring that the blast of the furnace should grow in power just as the increased velocity required a more rapid gene ration of steam. These two principles are adopted iri the modern, locomotive. And is there not something analagous to this in the spiritual life? We have faculties of soul and body. We have understanding for grasping the truth of God, affections by which we can love Him, power of will by which we can decide for evil or for good, for the world or for Christ. But what are all our faculties, all our powers, all this wondrous constitution suggesting how man was made originally in God's image ; what is it all without the converting and sanctifying influence of the Holy Ghost ? The railway engine may stand on the rails with, every wheel and crank, fitted and ready to act smoothly and freely in the combined mechanism ; the water may fill the boiler, the fuel may be in its appointed place' ; but if there be no fire to generate the steam, the ponderous mass stands helpless and motionless. So with our souls, we need the. Eternal Spirit to . ... :, ?'??:. ,? ?; . 'Kindle the flame of heavenly love : And fan the sacred iire.' We need to be brought from death to life, from the power of Satan unto God. Again, I have said that we musfc all press onward. The more rapidly the engine moves — and therefore the greater the tax on its energies — the stronger the air current, the hotter the flame. Do you not find this true in your own case ? Work for God, and as thy days so shall thy strength be. Be eager to use those powers which He has given you for His service — to dedicate yourselves, body, soul, and spirit unto Him ; and assuredly He will, at exactly the right time, supply all your need. Stand still, relax your cold efforts, and you will soon grow cold, and suffer that declension of religion which at such a season as this is your greatest danger. The enemy of souls would tempt you to spiritual indolence, to a feeling that any effort for Christ is wearisome and painful. Take heed lest you incur the rebuke administered to the Church at Ephesus by Him who walks among the golden candlesticks — ' Ihave somewhat against thee, because thou hast left thy first love.' Again I say — onward. Leave the things which are behind, reach forth to those which are before. If you are alive unto God, that life will be maintained as with holy diligence you press into a higher standard of attainment. One word as to how this is to be done — pray much, read much, work much. It is by prayer that you may obtain fresh supplies of heavenly j grace, that the love of God will be shed abroad in your hearts, con- I straining you to high and holy efforts. ' ] Read much, for it is by the Word that the soul will be nourished, ? | the life sustained. By His Word God speaks to you with the voice of | warning, of precept, of encouragement. ? Work much. The Christian looks not to works for His salvation. \ Oh, no 1 He who is in Christ knows full well that by grace he is i saved through faith, not of works, lest any man should boast. But I He knows what St. James means, as well as St. Paul, on this subject, \ and rejoices in working for that Saviour who has done so much.for i his salvation ; in spreading the savour of His name, in making known ' the riches of His grace. ??,-.'.. '!V: :? 