THE DESTITUTION OF GERMAN j \ iftm&B;^cs. ' la the of Monday; ^e following report; appeared fetom a speoial correspondent of that Journal :— - BenaliiA, 28 th November. Divested of all useleBS matter, the following are the particulars connected with tbe official visit to the distressed Germane at Yarrawonga:—Inspector" A. B. Smith, aopompanied by an-interpreter, left Benalla on Friday evening, 'arriving, at Detenish at eleven o'clock p.m., and, after travelling all night, they arrived at the Cocked Hat Camp about six o'clock on Saturday morning. From there they proceeded to the first German camp, about a quarter of a mile distant. This camp is situated on Boozy Creek, and has a number of fine water holes. The camp consiBts of ionr bark huts, used as dwellings, and two bark shedB used for cooking and other purposes. There are three families living in the Cocked Hat Camp, in all 10 people, three being males and seven females. There are two very old men, one B carpenter, aged 65, and a saddler about the same age; the saddler was away at tbe Dookie flout-mills trying to obtain three bags of flour on credit. The visitors were received with great kindness, and Inspector Smith, assisted by Mr. Myles, the interpreter, explained the object ot their visit. The physical condition of the people here appeared to be as good as that of the ordinary peasant. Seven are aged; one is a yonng woman about 21, there is a boy abont six, and tbe other a girl about two years old. The last named three looked remarkably healthy and strong, showing no marks of starvation. Amongst other questions the old man (the carpenter) was asked who induced them to come to this country, and his reply was that God tad called them, and they were bound to come. The huts were then inspected, and everything appeared clean and well-conditioned. There was plenty of furniture and bedding, all brought from home. In one of tbe cooking sheds an old woman was preparing food, consisting of vegetables and flour. Inspeotor Smith asked them what prospects they had for the future. They replied that they had between the two camps 800 acres of land selected, and had this year CO acres of wheat crop, and if they could rub along till the harvest waB gathered, they oould get on for the remainder of the year. It was explained that the two camps were on the communistic arrangement. Being asked how they managed to gtt tbe crop in, they stated that when they arrived in Melbourne they bought a waggon, dray, plough, and other farming ' implements, and two horses, but they were compelled to sell the horses and dray to Carl Berndt's man for£5 eaoh, or £15 for tbe lot, which, it seems, they expended in food for the benefit of the community. Inspector Smith promised them relief, and a smile of gladness was observable upon all around. The inspector then proceeded to Mr. Carl Berndt's farm, three miles distant. This is the Mr. " Charles Barns" referred to in the letter to the German consul. Berndt spoke of the many aots of kindness he had done for tbe people of tbe other camp, where the great distress existed, and that they wonld not be guided by him; so he had now given them up, as tbey were completely guided by a woman whom tbey believed to be inspired by the Holy Ghost. One of the community,- a married man, lives at Mr. Berndt's, and works as a blacksmith. Mr. Berndt was interrogated about the horses and dray his man had bought from the people at the Cocked Hat Camp, and he replied that the dray was not worth £5, and that he had bought it of his man. Tbe dray was shown, and Mr. Coghill valued it at about £12 at the lowest estimate. The horses were not produced. The other camp, " Hill Plain Camp," is two and a half miles distant from Mr. Berndt's, and he was asked to accompany the party to the place, but he said he would not unless he was paid for it, as he had lost too muoh time already by them. However, he at last consented to go, being persuaded not to forfeit the good name he had already gained for his exertions in tbeir behalf, and seeing that succour was at hand. The party then started for the camp, whioh consists of ten bark huts, and contains about 40 people, moBtly women and ohildren. Tbe interpreter, as before, explained the object of the visit. The first thing that attracted the attention of the party was something covered over with an old tarpaulin, and on inquiry they were informed that it was a coffin ready to receive tbe'body of a boy. about 12 years of age, who was lying in a dying state in an adjoining hut. Inspector Smith inquired which hut the boy was in, and on its being pointed out, the party entered without any ceremony, and an appalling sight met tbeir view. Lying on a kind of bed, within four feet of a biasing fire, lay the emaciated form of what appeared to have been a fine intelligent boy of about 14 years of age. At a table in the same hut, facing the door, sat a man and woman both engaged sewiog a piece of print. The man looked as if be had recently recovered from siokness. The female was about 25 years old, four feet six inches high, with a most repulsive face, having high cheek bones, a pug nose, rough blaok hair, and sunken ejee. She took no notice of the intrusion. They uncovered the boy, and-a most distressing speotacle met them. His legs, feet, and body were swollen .to monstrous proportions, and the skin waB in a neglected state as to cleanliness. The proud flesh from the uppsr gums extended over t he teeth, and the whole condition of the sufferer indicated scurvy. By this time a crowd had gathered round the hut.and on inquiring what nourishment the hoy was gettipg, his mother replied that all fhey had was flour, and vegetables. The. room in which tbesiek boy lay contained the; ther l>ody. Th'e^ thefn proceeded to examine Sle other hnti.'-oln tbe Adjoining hat lay an old man, about 67 years of age. His mouth was in the same condition as the boy's, but the disease had not made -quite, such- great progress. Tbe whole of the huts appeared aB clean as they, could be made. InBpeotor Smith inquired how many had died sinoe they arrived at tbe Hill Plain Camp, And he was told eight adults and one child, the latter still- born. Mr. Smith reqaeBted to be shown where the bodies were buried, and.he was taken to the corner oi a garden about; three chains distant from. the dwellings, and fenced off with a bush ienoe, and at the npper end of thB garden he was ehown the graves all fresh filled. The deptty of the graves are about three feet each. The party returned to the camp, and Inspector Smith asked them if they would aocept assistance, and they thankfully replied " Yes." By this time Bsveral of the community that had not been seen before arrived, as if from work. They comprised men, boys, and girls. All the young people appeared to be healthy, the girls particularly so. Tbeir complexion was bright and fresh, and their countenances intelligent. The majority of the elder members of the community appeared to be suffering from some malady. Inspector Smith desired to be introduced to the prophetess, and the woman previously described as one of the persons in the hut with the dying boy was brought forward as that personage. On being interrogated by the interpreter in referenoe to her inspiration, ehe fell into one of her customary trances. In these trances she says the Holy Ghost visits her, and instructs her bow she is to govern the people, who to all appearance religiously believe in her. Mr. Smith told the interpreter to let her know that unless she were out of the trance in less than two minutes he would have her removed to a lunatic asylum, from which place she would never get away. This appeared to have the desired effect, for she instantly recovered, but put on the simulation of great prostration and excitement. A decrepit old man, about 50 years of age, came up to the interpreter, and told him that he would not allow the woman to be interfered with, as she was in his charge. InBpeotor Smith asked in what way she was in his charge, and tbe old man replied that he had adopted her when her father died. Mr. Smith and the interpreter took the old man aside, and questioned him as to the moral condition of the camp, but nothing tending to immorality was elioited. Both sexes of the young are scrupulously domiciled in separate huts. This fact deserves notoriety, as some persons have circulated disgraceful rumours concerning their mode of living. Tbe prophetess was then told what Mr. Berndt had said about her guidance of the people, aud she replied that' Mr. Berndt was jealous of her power with the people, and he wished to be the chief, and because they wonld not have him he had said wicked things about her, and that they could not like him. Mr. Smith then advised her to give over her trance business, and let the people go to work. On being asked wby they did not inform the polioe of the deaths tbat had occurred amongst tbem, they replied that they had given notices in German to Mr. Berndt, bat it appears he had neglected to forward them to tbe proper authorities. Tbey denied having received any .money from Charles Grube. The only money they had received up to Saturday was £9 from tbe German Association in Adelaide. Half a ton of flour, with tea, sugar, potatoes, fruit and medical comforts, have this morning been despatched to the camp, which iB distant 30 miles from Benalla. Dr. Nicholson has also gone out, and when he returns there will be further particulars. Dr. Nicholson was most joyfully received ab the Hill Plain camp about five o'clock in the evening. Tbe camp was in a great state of commotion, in consequence of the arrival of provisions. Dr. Nicholson states that the boy is almost in the last stage of scurvy. There is some probability of his recovery, and a certainty of the speedy recovery of the others afflicted. The doctor had not an interpreter with him, and he consequently laboured under some disadvantage. Great thanks were expressed for the relief forwarded. The prophetess, Maria Heller, was having one of her hysterical fits in the same hut where the sick boy lay. 