Allt. 13KIGHI* AND MB. GLAD STONE. ' To the riglit of Mr. Lowe I see a figure which, foreshortened from my point of view, is chiefly distinguishable by a hat and pair of boots. Without there being an absolute Quaker about the Cut of the hat or garments, there is a breadth about the former and a looseness about the latter suggestive of Quaker associations. Perhaps if mj idea were mercilessly analysed it would ap pear that it has its growth in the knowledge that 1 aui looking down on Mr. Bright, and that 1 know Mr. Bright is of Quaker parentage. But I am jotting dowu my impressions as I receive them. Mr. Bright does not address the House to-night, but he has made one or two short speeches this session, and Cliiltern, who has heard them, speaks quite sorrowfully of the evidence they give of failing physical power. The orator who once used to hold the House of Commons under, his-, command, with as much ease as Apollo held, in hand the fiery coursers of the chariot of the sun, now stands before it on rare occasions with a manner more nervous than that in which some new members make their maiden speech. The bell-like tones of his voice are heard no more; he hesitates in choosing words, is not sure of tlie sequence of his phrases, and resumes his seat with evident gratefulness for the renewed rest. Chiltern adds that much of this nervousness is probably owing to a sensi bility of the expectation which his rising arouses in the House, and a knowledge that he is not about to make the "great speech" which has been looked for ever siuce he returned to his old place. But at best the matchless oratory of John Bright is already a tradition in the House of Commons, and it is but the ghost of the famous Tribune who now nightly haunts the scene of his former glories. Mr. Gladstone was sitting next to Mr. Bright iu what the always smiliugaud obliging attendant tells me is a favourite attitude with him. His legs , were stretched- out, his hands loosely clasped before him, and his head thrown back, resting on the cushion at the back of the seat> eo that the soft light from the illuminated roof shone full on his upturned face. It is a beau tiful face, soft as a woman's, very pale, and worn with furrowed lines that tell of labour done and sorrow lived through. Here again I am conscious of the possibility of my impressions being moulded by my knowledge of facts; but I fancy I see a great alteration since last I looked on Mr. Gladstone's lace, now two years ago. It was far away from here, in a big wooden building in a North Wales town. He was on a platform surrounded by grotesque men iu blue gowns and caps, which marked high rank in Celtic hardship. At that time he was the nominal leader of a great majority that would not follow him, and President of a Ministry that thwarted all his steps. His face looked much harder then, and his eye glanced rest lessly round, taking in every movement of the crowd in the pavilion. He seemed to exist in a hectic tin eh of life, and was utterly incapable of taking, rest. Now his face, though glill thin, lias tilled up. The lines on his brow and under his eyes, though too deeply furrowed to be eradicable, have been smoothed down, and there is about his face a sense of peace and a, pleasant look of rest. Chittern says that sometimes, when the right lion, geutlemau has been in the House this sessiou, he has, during the progress of a debate, momentarily sprung into his old attitude of earnest, eager attention and there have been critical moments when hia inter position in debate has appeared imminent. But he has conquered the impulse, lain back again on the bench, and let the House go its own way. It is very odd, Cbiltern says, to have him sitting there silent in the midst of bo. much talking.— Gentleman's Magazine. 