ROBERT AINSLEIGH. I'HAVTKR XUT. J lIKCOMIi ItKKI'KR IX »>KHT TO MAUOKRV. I1Y T«K Ai:TBOH OF 1 1.ruli! A <i<ll' >j« SVraf," " A worn Floyd," .(•<•. The preliminary part of the examination was little more than si recapitulation of the evidence already given. Major Blagrovo was somewhat more diffuse than before, and declared that the deceased had, alter the duel bct u'foii us. frequently spoken of me as his enemy and protected thai lie wont in danger of his life on my account, lint this, aftor some squabbling between Mr, Oole and the lawyer for Ike. prosecution, was rejected as not beiug evidence. The fact, of my assault upon Lestrange with the horsewhip, and the challenge that followed it, was, however, admitted, as showing our previous relations; and I could see tliat this circumstance, bore hard against ine iu the mind of the magistrate, who was but little disposed to be lenient. / The examination went on, and Mr. Oak thought, to do no more in my behalf ;hau to cavil at the examination in chief, and split straws with the prosecution. I began to ivonder whether he had any witnesses to prouce 011 his side, aud my doubts were agreeably relieved at last by the appearance of the young ii'aggouer who had brought me up to Loudon he morning after the murder. This young fellow my solicitor produced itli an air of triumph, and proceeded to show his examination, tliat as I was at Warborough Turnpike at seven in the morning, I could hardly liave been 111 Surry Street at an hour after the previous midnight. To my horror, however, f perceived, by the drift of the prosecuting attorney'** cross-examination, that his evidence 011 my behalf was next to valueless—nay, was likely to be damaging; for this gentleman dwelt so strongly on my ghastly and disordered appearance when the waggoner picked me up, my sleeping out the tfeiy a-top of his waggon, beiug evidently in a state of extreme exhaustion, and my eccentricity in preferring this waggon to the more ordinary mode of conveyance afforded by the coaoli that he went a Jong way towards demonstrating that the whole business was a planned thing, designed to frustrate the ends of justice. The cross-examination of this witness, who had iunorciriiy dune his best to ruin nie, was jusl over, and f he countenance of iuy defender was growing momentarily more anxious, when [ heard a clamour and bustle at the entrance (<• the court, and presently beheld a man borne in between two dmirmeu aud carried to the witness-box. He was pale as death, und seemed in mortal agony, and so awful was the. aspect lie presented to iny view, tliat some moments elapsed before 1 recognized 111 thi dttith-stricken i-ountenance the face of thai harmless lunatic Johnson, the actor. lie was accommodated with a cliair, aud while this was doing I perceived that a letter was hauded to my lawyer, which he tore open hastily, and perused with an attentive brow "This person is a most important witness for the defence, your worship," he said to the magistrate, " and after you have heard his eri deuce T shall beg leave to produce another, whose statements will confirm those of this gentleman." " If he can do 110 more for your client than your Berkshire waggoner has done, sir, I think you liad as good kept him out of the witnessbox," replied the magistrate testily. " It is somewhat of an innovation to bring sick men into court, and I hope the result will justify the procedure." " I have very little doubt of that, your worship." There was something in Mr. Oola's manner cool and deliberate as he tried to appear, that made me suspect the entrance of Mr. Johnson to be as great a surprise to him as it was to me He referred to his letter again, and at tliis moment I saw my father enter the court for the iirst time, and take his stand a little way within the door, where ho could see aud hear all that took place. I had beeu wondering before this at his non-appearance among the spectators of a scene which concerned me so nearly. The actor was sworn, and my defender be gan to interrogate him. " You know something of this business, it seems, Mr. Johnson ?" " I know more about it than any man," answered the wretched being, who was propped up on one side by one of the men who carried him in, and who, but for this support, would evidently have fallen out of the chair in which he was seated. He spoke in so faint a voice, that it was not possible lie could have been heard by any one at the back of the court. " Perhaps you will be so good as to tell us what you know. There is this dagger, for in stance, witli which the deed was done." Mr, Oole pointed to my famouB Indian dagger which had been so mysteriously dyed in the blood of my enemy, aud which had been produced iu court at both examinations. ' Come, sir," continued Mt. Ooio, " did you ever see that weapon before to-day I" 1 , <fv. " Yes," replied Mt. Johnson; "I saw it a fortnight ago, on a Monday afternoon, at Mrs. Hunter's lodgings." " On Monday afternoon—a fortnight ago— that would he Monday, the nineteenth of October, I thiuk." " Yes; 'twas the nineteenth of October." " Upon my honor, this is irrelevant," exclaimed the magistrate; " I cannot have my time wasted by such staff as this." I must entreat your forbearance, sir ; you will perceive presently that the questions I have been putting are not irrelevant. This witness saw the dagger at Mrs. Hunter's lodgings, oil Monday afternoon. The prisoner left London by the stage-coach at daybreak 011 the same Monday, the nineteenth. I am in a position to prove that, and that he did not leave Berkshire till he was carried away by the witness ypu have just heard. The alibi is, I think, complete." "How do yon make that out, sir? The prisoner left Sir Kveiurd Lestrauge's house at live in the afternoon, and was not picked up iu the Warborougli Road until seven next morning, lte had time enough to be iu London iu the interim." " Tliat is a question of computation of time, sir, which cannot be gone into too nicely. But if I can disconnect my client from the weapon with which the deed was done, I feel sure you will admit that I have destroyed the chief evidence against him." " Go on, sir," said the magistrate in a surly tone. " Come, now, Mr. Johuson," continued the lawyer, " pray, what led you to remark the dagger!" " (Gentlemen," exclaimed the actor, with general appeal to the whole assembly, " I am a dying man. You behold one who deemed himself bom for greatness—who even in this dire extremity still dares attest that there bums within him some spark of that immortal lire which men call genius—but for whom the sands of life are so last running out, that it matters little in wliat ignominious notoriety his days may have their dismal close." Omit Iteavon !" cried the magistrate, in a rage, " am I seated hew to listen to a m;ulman i" " 1 beseech you, sir, let the witness tell his story hi--' own way," pleaded Mr. Oole. " You u e about to hear a startling revelation. Come Mr. Johnson, we will take your geuius for ranted, but how about this dagger ?" " I cannot touch on that without tearing issuiider the bandage that confines a bleeding heart. I will be as brief as I can; but I must touch upon the history of a passion as faithful and as pure as any that the greatest poets of the world have Made the subject of their verse." The magistrate groaned aloud, aud flung himself back mto his chair. Pray, sir, be more cougise," said Mr. Oole, 1 waited upou Mrs. Hunter, sir, to comluuuieate to her some trivial arrangement connected with the business of Drury Laue Theatre and after I had done this, I lingered to up braid her with the coldness and iudifl'erence with which she requited such a devotion as is rarely laid at the feet of woman. I accused her of a preference for Mr. Ainsleigh, which she immediately admitted, and, stung by tliis new proof of her coquetry, I reminded her tliat she had also given a tacit encouragement to the notorious pursuit of Sir Everard Lestrange. On this she flew into a passion asked me how I dared insult her in her own house, and left the room, telling me in the most cutting manner that as she could not order me out of her apartuieut, she could at least pro tect herself from iny insolence by leaving me, Oh ! sir,"—this in an appeal to the incensed magistrate, who was beating the devil's tattoo on the arm of his cliair,—" you, whose vast experience has doubtless, taught you to com preheud the most subtle workings of the human heart,—you, sir, must know how strange a passion love is. No sooner was the divine creature gone than I gave way to flood of tears in my sorrow at having offended her. ' Merciful Powers J' I exclaimed, ' why do 1 keep this worthless life, which enables me to succeed in nothing but in making her hate me. If I were dead, she would, per chance, drop a tear of pity on my grave.' gave a distracted glance round the room, calculating the distance between the window and the street below, and for the moment fully intending to destroy myself by springing from one of them. That glance, hurried as it was, showed me yonder dagger lying amidst a litter of silk and ribbon on a table near one of the windows. Scarce had my eyes perceived it when I darted upon it as a tiger on his quarry and hid it in my breast. ' This will serve,' I said to myself,' for a death that shall be at once more dignified and less public.'" " In plain English," said Mr. Oole, you stole the dagger." " So far I admit myself a thief, sir," replied the actor, with ineffable dignity. "I took the dagger." "Aud did not kill yourself with it? "JSo.mr, I killed Sir Everatd Lestmnge.' I started as if I had basil shot, bo 'intense was the surprise evoked by this brief sentenco. There was a general movement iu the court, and I saw my father wave his hat at wo across the intervening crowd, as much as to say, " You are saved." The magistrate took the matfcor in v very different humor. He gave a eeoond gcoan louder tlmn the first. "If you think, sir," he cried, "to benefit tlie prisoner by bringing forward a mailman to take this murder upou his shoulders, you will' find your mistake by-and-by. Such tomfoolery as this can oidy injure your client." " I beg your pardon, sir. If you will be patient, I shall be able to support Mr. Johnson's statement by independent testimony. In the meantime, I entreat you to hear him to the end, and with some indulgence. He lias come here iu a very noble spirit, prepared to eucounter the worst results of his candour, in order to save an innocent fellow-creature," " "lis a case of Damon and Pythias in a criminal court, sir, I protest," cried the magistrate contemptuously. " Nay, sir, so for from being friends, you hear that my client and Sir. Johnson were rivals," remonstrated Mr. Oole, and then went 0.1 with this interrogation. " Now, Mr. Johnson, will you be kind enough to tell us what you did with that dagger ?" " I carried it in my breast for four days " replied the actor," iutendiug to play the Roman's part, and die as Brutus died. But 1 had my worldly aflairs to arrange, and the few remaining years of a bedridden pareut to provide for. I had a little to leave behind me, and for the rest, I trusted to the generosity of one who had ever been, kind to the needy. I allude to Mrs. Hunter. Tliis duty performed, my road to dusky death was clear. In tliis manner the week wore on till Friday evening—and I still lived. On tliat evening I saw Sir Everard aud his friend the Major behind the scenes of Drury Lane Theatre. I had very little to do iu the piece performed that night, aud some leisure in which to observe them. I hung about near them, unnoticed, and contrived to overhear some of their conversation. There was a wager to be decided between them that night—a wager in which Mrs. Hunter was concerned. An appointment was made for a supper in Surry Street at one o'clock. 'At which hour I will introduce you to a lady who has been my mistress for the last seven years, but whose prudery has forbidden her to avow it,' said Sir Everard. Consider, gentlemen, if this was not enough to kindle infernal fires in the breast of one who had long worslupped this lady with an almost religious homage. I had revered her, gentlemen, as profouudly as I adored her. Conceive my feelings, then at hearing her spoken of thus. For the rest of tliat night I was indeed a madman. Everything was against me. Little as I had to do, 1 was engaged to the very end of the performance, aud it was after midnight before I could leave the theatre. I went straight to Surry Street. There were lights in Mrs. Hunter's windows, but all was dark balow stairs. I stood on the opposite side of the street and waited—waited with this wretched brain on fire. It was not long. As the clock of St. Mary's struck one, I heard the door opened quickly, and Sir Everard Lestrange came out. Oeutlemcn, if it were to do again, I would do it." lie looked round the court as he said this at the top of his voice, with a conviction that was almost heroic. There was not so much as a murmur or movement in all that assembly. " I drew my dagger. 1 know not how long my liand had been clutching the hilt, but I know it was in my grasp when the door opened. I darted across the road and camo upon him, a little behind. Oh, gentleman, as I stand here, it was by no deliberate cowardice, I stabbed him in the back. I would as lief have met him face to face—as lief have exchanged shots with him across a pockethandkerchief,—but I meant to kill him." " TSvat will do, sir," cried the magistrate ; " it is against all precedent that you should stand there to criminate yourself in this manner. Ho gave an order to one of his myrmidons, and Mr. Johnson was removed from the witness-box, but detained in custody in another part of the. court. The next witness calleiVftas a certain James Waddy, waiter at the " Bull-and-Mouth," Fleet Street. • " Were you in Surry Street on the night of Sir Everard Lestrauge's death?" Mr Oole asked, after tliis witness had been duly sworn. " I wa B ." " What happened while you were there ?" "My master #ent me -and another inan with the supper that Sii 1 Ev&krd; Had Tndorcd for one o'clock. It wag a hot supper, and ire brought it ill coveted dishes on two trays " " The supper js^not to the .point, sir," growled 1 the magistrate, " We c >wn Hay's Court, you sec, sir, which wa shortest way," continued the witness, a at disconoertod, « and it was striking 01 re turned out of tlio Strand. ' We're afll e, Jim,' William Dwycr tlte other wait j to ine, for you see, sir, Sir Everard t, p had laid it down as the supper was to the moment " " You i nbling, sir," interjected the magistrate, teutorian voice. " I beg ; rorship'a pardon, but I was coming to oint. Turning sharp round the corner, my tray upon my heady which is at' ipuppy like, yer honor, wliat should I do aino full tilt against a fellow running for 'c as pale as a ghost." " How d< enow that he was pale, sir ?" demanded 1 agistrate. " We have been told tliat tl ht was dark. Indeed, the almanack t<; as much. There was no moou!" " Bering worship's pardon, but them's a lamp at th er of Hay s Court, aud I saw liis face as pi I can see yours." " Well, sii his face was the same face as the prison >nder, was it uot f—a little paler 110 doul he lias summoned up all his hnpudenc razeu out to-day's business, but the very Sice, I'll be sworn." "Begging worship's pardon, no my lord. Tine pi l- is not the man. We went bang up agaii ;h other, aud I nearly lost my equilabon id felt my tray upon the slip, but I bai it somehow. The man's face was with >ot of mine when lite bounced again me ; I never saw such a white scared-looking ;li as he was." " Eh, you [j the prisoner is not the man I Beuiei you arc on your oath, sir, and prevaricati ;re is rank perjury. Now, have you ever the man since tliat night ?" " Yes, your ship. I saw him at the door of the coi) it now, a sick gentleman, that was broug re in a chair." This witness examined and cross- examined but his jucc, so fiir as it went, was uot to be shak This interrogation closed the day's prow.-! s, and I was again remauded. I foi ty father at the door of the court, lie ledum in hi* arms with irrepressible raji " My boy, th t saved !" he exclaimed ui a choking voict Oh, Bobert! thou canst never know whsjerual agonies I have suffered in the wedit is just over." I grasped his h4u silence. Had my life depended upon (effort, I could not liave spoken a word, j> got into a coach together my jailor still iose attendance upon me, for my captivity! not yet over. We liad driven to the prjbefore I was c;ilm enough to ask any quest As soon as my father and I were alouiny room, I began to in terrogate him. | " How, in thctie of the lteaven, came that unhappy jx;h to acknowledge his crime ?" I exclai " 'Tis a wond| story, Bobert," replied my father, " and. shall hear it only from the lips of the hie." " The heroine | " Yes, child ; jas great a heroine, to my mind, as any ofHr mythical or historical damsels—your ~ I or Joans. 'Twas Mar gery who saved Eobert: ^largely who brought tliat fe to denounce himself Margery who firs upon the right scent who hunted out 1 ivideuce against this man Johnson, and so • :ed upon his poor weak soul as to bring li where you saw him to day. No one elquld liave done what she lias done. Upon honor, Bobert, you owe her the devotion lifetime!" " And I will j^he debt, sir," I answered solemnly Yet in that n^ijit, for the first time since the light had hi upon my situation, my spirits sank to z o My first definite thought after I liad recc t \he first shock of Johnecu tiie thought tliat son's revelation mi a e< Dora Lestraug< ouldjd iscover tliat I was not a villain. To scor ed by her was a shame tenfold more d dful han the contumely of all the rest of: ikin , To stand exonerated before her was 'eliei that raised my soul to the seventh lit n, But slie \m >thhik to me; and all the warmest feelin )f my heart wore due to the woman who h succoured me in my illness and saved me my peril. I was not alto gether a renogi to tliat generous and faithful soul. At the t of a more bitter pang than any words Can scribe, I thrust Dora's dear image from i heart, and turned all my thoughts to til uture which was to be shared Margery. 