? ? ? „ definitely tested ma Lts for the organisationof ibfe^comtry one Approaches to the hereafter-, though "i-temanship is said to be wisest the more it cau foresee. The regret is very generU-that ATM-dial should have delivered to last vhich was aadjbjfi •T+placed him in antagonism with !%: ^ted minorities in the Ass^ibly, biitiok^ r^ his stand in Orleamsm which is weakest and least popular of «31 the ;!?,tiu" isms. The Marshal demands that STdowm he defined and to leave every thina definite till his tenaof office expires Ihen all parties could grapple «aeh others throats to settle the question of supremacy, This the nation will never consent to in order to oblige any pretender. It insists on. the house being put in order now, and the ^resent employed to make provision for the ramv day. The very fact offorcing forward the project for a Senate apart from, and independent of, definitely first the form of government it was destiaed to serve, was too epenly Oileanist to receive the support of the other parties. Orleanism thus has played its last card, and lost. In the general elections it will disappear > hag been on its J irial since the overthrow of Thiejs, and has been found wanting. One remedy is clear— the dissolution, and Marshal M'Mahon may rest assured if he adopts that programme hewill have the " entire nation for lovers." but be will have no longer a "Royalist majority; the popular vote will fiat the Republic, and the Maishal has never ceased to recognise the sovereignty of the Chamber. The party that is afiaid of the ballot boxes is a party condemned in advance. Th^ Gordian knot is about being Cut; it will be as merciful as it will be timely, as really the country is worn out with the exceptional state of things and "with the chronic sterility of the Assembly. The people desire only tranquility, to fin'd work and to execute it, to be reaiored their necessary' liberties, and to be treated rather as men than as children by every government that may succeed to ^°The crisis in the Reformed Church of France is becoming mote grave ; the difference of opinion between the Orthodox and liberal Protestants, more profound. Already the cry of " peisecution" is raised, but it is to be hoped the Government will settle the dispute by measures ot sagacity and,moderation rather than by any stretch of authority> A recent decision of the Minister of Public Worship rather leans to give time to the Orthodox to concert their plans for ousting the Liberals from the churches they at present hold, and where the Orthodox are at the same time in a minority. It is not a question of dogma; but of ecclesiastical discipline, which separates the antagonists, now rapidly becoming belligerents, The Liberals or Nonconformists reiterate their determination not to accept the doctrinal decrees of any Synod, and the Government inclines to back the Synod, doubtless, because it is an authority; Public opinion in France has not yet been appealed to, and that would at present only envenom the quarrel, which ought to have been regulated after the family pattern originally; but it is impossible to ber lieve that oiunion would look on with indifference at one- half of French Protestantism buiiig sliown the door, because it will not subscribe to the rulings of the other. In self defence the Lord Mayor is justified in returning to London; there seemed to be snirers to breakfast and dme him to death, ever}' succeeding banquet being more Lucuthau than its predecessor. Bis Lordship brought his sheriSs" and trumpeters with hitn, but it appears he forgotliis medicine man. Parisians have certainly vied in paying him all honors, and bis beautiful steeds must have made the mouths of hippophagists water. "God Save the Queen" was m a fair, way of cutting out the « Marseillaise," es- i pecially as the Republican air has become } unfashionable under the Eepubhc. Had j " rm loid Stone" time and stomach to remain ^ loutjer within our walls, » Rule Britannia" i would have succeeded Madame Angot on the ] ba«el organs, and Sirandin would certainly ! f have bioSght out Union• J«k There b are no less than five different photos of his lordship offered for sale, in which Baron Hanssman does dutj for hiua, and doubtless he will leave behind him more honorary dentists than he has teeth, and these are said to be au cmplet. It would not be sur- { pritmg if Sirdou WTote a tragedy or moving drana introducing the civic authorities of , London; the unused np materials of his > Haute might be turned to profitable account, 4 just as the manikins representing his dead > Guelfs and Ghibelines now do the part of revellers in the triumphal car of Orpheiis. i The Parisians will greatly remember the services rendered to the inauguration of their ! Opera by the presence of the London' authorities ; the Lord Mayor came like some , Magi to salute its accession, entering like a fairy king in the midst of his pompous , cortege to take bis place at the marriage t)f Cinderella But though the French would laugh at such a ceremonial, if originated among themselves would view as no higher than a masquerade; the most thoughtless fael that the quaint forms and ceremonies I onneefced with the Doge of London unite the present .with the 'past; novelty with tradition, recentlous with antique customs, contemporaries with ancestors ; they mix " the ashes of ages with the constructions of progress," and embalm some fragment of history and perpetuate the triumph of some popular right. This moral has not been overlooked by the modern Athenians, who after all are not Iconoclasts at heart. Though officially inaugurated, the new opera is not yet finished , the left wing,, the section intended for the Imperial family, is uuachieved, fault of funds. Loans had to be negotiated to enable the structure to be opened as it is. A sum of 200,t)00 francs is necessary to provide the proper fittings up for its illumination alone, which for the facade will consist of bronze figures of mammoth dimensions, sustaini ng reflectors. : The library has yet to be installed and has accommodation for a series of shelves over two miles in length. The " music hall " will include manuscript' music copied or to be copied, as well as compositions never yet represented- or executed. Not the less: curious will be the "jewel room," where all barbaric pearl and gold is preserved, and \ though but imitation, possesses not the less a great value. The decorations alone employed in the fourth act of "1'Africaine" are estimated at 25,000 francs. Among the othet incompleted works are the smoking room, the restaurant, and the lift. The restaurant will be open to the general public as well as to the frequenters of the apera. The smokiug room-will be so constructed as to the ventilation that not a puff will be able to stray into the building, and "the lift is . intended only for the aged^ * The execution of these works, but above all their daporation, would require some milliohs^ffrancs to "accomplish. The^ representations -now^are Very sober comparison with the gala -opening ; it is like the banquet ha 1 ! deserted. Many are of opinion that the prices arexfixed >at too high a rate, and if the «£w laical theatre succeeds the opposition will teld at the Grand National Opera. Tlireefrahcafgr a seat in the attics, and ten for ofie in the ir the crowd with T ffee horsej well, f> avoifs?cr^fe|e^ra|» tunifing, ^uo-jm'price. ^smg^li^e j ^MgWnip^m^^ ^e&bles;, ^ad^Bt-Oiftfegakcwas^ 45 per: ^mfe^ahd^teaiid .bpvVagesBT^perJ;^, * " " j i^Jfoance^hi^v^^iicreasea; Ymt the cost ofiiFii while in The Lggit? bi9fied;tott:these Would it b_e worth'- while " 'getting tip revolution for"Q. P-. lprlc& 1 ^ 'Tiete^S of comfStibleS of'sfll kind in- Franoe, -insegeon as wefiT&a; T oui^op season, and ~Vhicli'%ave been very^estensively patronised faring jibe holidays. (France vis a nation ?of .gastrono- mists and q out met \ mot gam numM, for this means gluttony, -quite another affair, and her food preparations are in high request throughout» worid, each of thfc provincial cities being celebrated for some ^special comestible or dish/ Her people are hence connoisseurs of good things, just as ancient Some led the fashion, gave the ion, to deli- Gate dishes. France has inherited the sceptre in. the culniary art, and >has a very wise article in her kitchen code,,"that a woman shall ne'er rule the roast"—a most excellent salic ,law, for French cookery is a most l&borioii;«profession.^:At3ome:'j5ei^ons; certain fish-bSd been caught at the month of the Tib«> or farther on, and if the live6 of geese had i^een f atteued on green or dry figs. It is only in Paris that a maiucook can be found coming near -to the,fioman^tandard and cooks are as universal as Paris fashions." The Grand Hotel has gone into Vne dairy business ^ it has long since turned poulterer, fishmonger, and fruiterer. It has now "its own cow house, and supplies at the dep&t;, " milk fresh from the cow," at the rate-of 12 sons per quart, or if bottled, sealed, and duly marked Vith care and delivered at the house, ^ight sous more. ~ - : There has been the usual anniversary mass celebrated for the repose-qf the ex- Emperor's soul.' The gathering of tjie, 'Bonapartists^ was. perhaps, more numtoqufe jfchis year than the la-st, when their prospe"ets7ivere mora cheerful. ' Of late a reaction has set in agamSt them, caused by their going ahead too rapidly. On the present occasion the little violet bouquets were in great request. In-accordance with the event, the " ghost " of a Viva was given for the Emperor. These solemnities must pay, or they would not be indulged in beyond doubt, but they are just as reprehensible in point of taste, to say nothing tnore, as a political oration over the grave of a modern Erutus m P6re Lachaise. Preparations are being made for the Oar nival, which really promises to be gay, as a new generation has come into existence since thb invasion, which intends to have its cakes and ale. Of course there is no-use of remaining for ever in sackcloth and ashes. Youth never dies. dies, If it the Carnival Carmvai did manot, the money spent, or squandered, does good to the poor and needy. Before our ancestors knew the virtue of masked balls the churches had annua^y to celebrate the well-known Fetes des Faus. The umbrella is a -notable artiele of toilette or of habiliment-=-the friend of bad days. Sally Gamp was not behind the age, as we shall presently Stse, nor was Scribe wrong in dedicating^ an ode to it. Sardon, the rich Sardon now, has preserved in his dining hall the gingham umbiella whiGh was bis sole companion when he first came to Paris to seek his fortune; the old Marquis de Boissy had engraved'on his, "thi^um Boissy." It is a prions fact that oUe ; never receives back an umbrella . that is , Worth anything. ^ It msy?seem strangg^o j m Paris umbrellas formed an institution, and their loan was regulated by a royal decree. The waifs and strays of the city were allowed to act as umbrella carriers, a7 s^ e; ^d niggers are represented in > work holdi «uch 0Yerthe headS of bobg and ,he salt o{ the earth ; or, to hire , the same protecUon for a small fee, ! d QU dep0SltmJ a salaU fium ; these «' loan T commissioLrs " "settled 4own where they . couMi hacl a Ianteru, wlth a number on it reeognltioil aud identity, and each um- 1 re]u to be i^reen material; the same plied to parasols. The Revolution swept thQ i^t^ution like so many others. Rq^ the executioner, has set out on his cjrcujar tour; he has adopted a few more j mp r o v e ments in his enfant, as the guillotine -s faim£avij called. Perhaps an economy of a second makes a difference in the chopping o{ a ^(j . ordered a new basket the otber dajrj and the workman only learned its ^estiuation when ordered to line it with . ciaims &n; mereasp of price, as ae e was erLgaged; he alleges, under false pretemes to make a "plate" instead of a „ head » bas^et- Tliirty years ^o Maiie Guernie was found dead ^ her bed? ^ doctors declaring she been p0i30ned; she was on the eve of ^g^g married, and her sister, Madeleine, was be\jeve^ to be jealous of her sister's ^ kappjness ; suspicion fell on Madeleine, j andj though young, she was tried, found ^ gu^ty, and executed. Their father has just i d|edj aud confessed to the cleigyman, the ^-^g jBarreaU) requesting him to publish the fact, that it was he who poisoned his daughter Marie, and that Madeleine knew he had done so, but died to save him. Novelists in search of a peg could hang one or three novels on this. Those who are interested in " self-made men" can witness in the Paris hospital Necker, old Senkeisen, aged 78 entering the army at the age of 14, on the command of his father.' He fought with the Bavarians in their alliance with the French s under Napoleon I. He i eceived promotion, and waa wounded at Waterloo ; in 1830 he fought-in Algeria; was naturalised a^Erfeuohmau, re- ceived a pension, and was^omplimented Jor his bravery by Marshals^Befthier,' Augercan, and Suchet • was-defeorated with the Legion] of Honour and the St 5 Helena" medal. change all the masculine pronouns, for the doctors bave pronounced'Mm to be a -female. What a braye old girl—but not_ of the period J When Lord Palmerston was asked to support the"bill for legaksmg mamage'with a deceased wife ? s sister, he said that the only advantage of the change of law would be that the man who married twice under such circumstances would not haVe two mothersin-law. A QuaSee Peiitee's Proverbs.—Nevef send an articletfor pnbbcation without giving the editor thy- name, fjr the name often ,times,, secures publication to "wprthiess articles, j Thoji sh< ul^t ^pt rap at the door: of a printing, office . ioi he tliat answereth; the -rap? sngeret'h in his sleeVe «and loseth; time.;/ and knock, down-fh>^^i^hb bo^s will hate thei ^ h^l^nMb'^faneJangi^e^ NeiTer inquire of the editor tor new , for b^hbld it: ? 