^ THE NOVELIST. THREE FEATHERS. CHAPTER XXXII.-THE EXILE'S EETUBN. Perhaps you have been away in distant parts of the earth, each day crowded with new experiences and slowly obscuring the clear pictures of England with which you left; perhaps you have only been hidden away in London, amid its ceaseless noise, its stranger faces, its monotonous recurrence of duties; let us say, in any case, that you are return ing home for a space to the quiet of northern Corn wall. You look out of the high window of a Plymouth hotel early in the morning ; there is promise of a beautiful aiitumn day. A ring of, pink mist lies around the horizon ; overhead the sky is clear and blue ; the white sickle of the moon still lingers visible. The new warmth of the day beginning to melt the hoar frost in the meadows, and you know that out beyond the town the sun is shining bril liantly on the wet grass, with the brown cattle j gleaming red in the light. You leave the great world .behind, with all its bustle, crowds, and expresB engines, when you get into the quiet little train that takes you, leisurely up to Launceston, through woods, by the sides of rivers, over great valleys. There is a sense of re pose about this railway journey. The train stops at any number of small stations-apparently to let < ? . the guard have a chat with the station-master and then jogs on in a quiet, contented fashion. And on such an autumn day as this, that is a beau tiful, still, ; rich-coloured, and English-looking country through which it passes.. Here'' ,is a deep valley, all glittering with the dew and the sun light. Down in the hollow a farm-yard is half hidden behind the yellowing elms ; a boy is driving a flock of white geese along the twisting road ; the hedges are red with the withering briers. Up here, along the hill Bides, the woods of scrub oak are glowing with every imaginable hue of gold, crimson and bronze, except where a few dark firs appear, or where a tuft of broom, pure and bright in its green, stands out among the faded breckans. Tho gorse is profusely in bloom -it always is in Cornwall. Still further over there are sheep visible on the uplands ; beyond these again the bleak brown moors rise into peaks of hills ; overhead the silent blue, and all around the sweet, fresh country air. "With a sharp whistle the small train darts into an opening in the hills ; here we are in the twi light of a great wood. The tall trees are becoming bare ; the ground is red with the fallen leaves ; through the branches the blue- winged jay flies, screaming harshly ; you can smell the damp and resinous odour of the ferns. But again we got into the sunlight ; and lo ! a rushing, brawling, narrow stream, its clear flood swaying this way and that by the big stones ; a wall of rock over head crowned by glowing furze; a herd of red , cattle sent scampering through the bright-green grass. Now we get slowly into a small white sta tion, and catch a glimpse of a tiny town over in the valley ; again we go on by wood and valley, by rocks, and streams, and farms. It is a pleasant drive on such a morning. In one of the carriages in this train Master Harry Trelyon and his grandmother wero seated. How he had ever persuaded her to go with him to Corn wall by train was mysterious enough ; for the old lady thoroughly hated all such modern devices. It was her custom to go travelling all over the country with a big, old-fashioned phaeton and a pair of horses ; and her chief amusement during these long excursions was driving up to any big house she took a fancy to in order to pee if there was a chance of its being let to her. The faithful old servant who attended her, and who was about as old as the coachman, had a great respect for his mistress; but sometimes he swore-inaudibly when she ordered him to make the usual enquiry at the front door of some noble lord's country resi dence, which he would as soon have thought of letU'ignsof forfeiting his seat in the House of Peei t or his hopes of heaven. But the carriage and horses were coming down all the same to Egh .st yan, to take her back again. "iit.rry," she was saying at this moment, "the longer I look at you, the more positive I am that you*are ill. I don't like your colour; you aie thin, and careworn, and anxious. What is the matter with you ?" "Going to school again at twenty-one is haid work, grandmother," he said. " Don't you try it. But I don't think I'm particularly ill ; few folks can keep a complexion like yours, grandmother." " Yes," said tho old lady, rather pleased, " many's the time they said that about me, that there wasn't much to complain of in my looks ; and that's what a girl thinks of then, and sweethearts, and balls, and all the other men looking savage when she's dancing with any one of them. "Well, well. Harry; and what is all this about you and the young lady your mother has made such a pet of ? Oh, yes, I have my suspicions; and she's engaged to another man, isn't she ? Your grandfather would have fought him, I'll he bound; but we live in a peaceable way now-well, well, no matter; but hasn't that got something to do with your glum looks, Harry?" , " I tell you, grandmother, I have been hard at work in London. You can't look very brilliant after a few months in London/' " And what keeps you in London at this time oE the year ?" said this plain spoken old lady. " Your fancy about getting into tho army ? Non sense, man ; don't tell me such a tale as that. There's a woman in the case-a Trelyon never put himself so much about from any other cause. To stop in town at this tim« of the year ! Why, your grandfather and your lather, too, would have laughed to hear of it. I haven't had a brace of birds or a pheasant pent me since last autumn-not one. Come, sir, bo frank with me. I'm an old woman, but I can hold my tongue." " There's nothing to tell, grandmother," he said. "You just about hit it in that guess of yours-1 -I suppose Julliott told you. Well, the girl is engaged to another man ; and what mora is to be said ?" ? " The man's in Jamaica ?" " Yes." " Why are you going down to-day ?" " Only for a brief visit; I've been a long time away." Tho old lady sat silent for some time. She had heard of the whole affair before; but she wished to have the rumour confirmed. And at first she was sorely troubled that lier grandson should con template marrying the daughter of an inkeeper, however intelligent, amiable, and well-educated the young lady might be; but she knew the Trelyous pretty well, and knew that, if he had made up his mind toit, argument and remonstrance would bo useless. Moreover, she had a great affec tion for this young man, and was strongly disposed to sympathise with any wish of his. Sha grew in time to have a great interest in Miss Wenna Iîose warne ; at this moment the chief object of her visit was to make her acquaintance. She grew to pity young Trelyon in his disappointment, and was in clined to believe that the person in Jamaica was something of a public enemy. The fact was, her mere sympathy for her grandson would have con verted her to a sympathy with the wildest project ho could havo formed. " Dear, dear," she said, "what awkward things engagements are when they stand in your way. Shall 1 tell you the truth ? I was just about as good as engaged to John Cholmondeley when I gave myself up to your grandfather-but there, when a girl's heart pulls her one way, and her promise pulls her another way, she needs to be a very firni rninded young woman, if she means to hold fast. John Cholmondeley was as good-hearted a young fellow as ever lived-yes, I will say that for him ; and I was mightily sorry for him; but-but you see, that's how things come about. Dear, dear, that evening at Bath-I remember it as well as if it was yesterday-and it was only two months after I had run away with your grandfather. Yes, there was a ball that night ; and we had kept very quiet, you know, after coming back ; but this time your grandfather had set his heart on taking me out before everybody, and, you know, he had to have his way. As sure as i live, Harry, the first man I saw was John Ciiolmondeley, just as white as a ghost-they said he had been drinking hard and gambling pretty nearly the whole of these two months. He wouldn't come near me. He wouldn't take the least notice of me. The whole night he pretended to be vastly gay and merry ; he danced with everybody ; but bis eyes never came near me. Well, you know what a girl is-that vexed me a little bit ; for there never was a man such a slave to a woman as he was;t<-> me-dear, dear, the way my father used to laugh at him, until he got wild with anger. Well, I went up to him at last, when he was by himself, and I said to him, just in a careless way, you know, 4 John, aren't you going to dance with me to-night ?' Well, do you know, his face got quite white again ? and he said-I remember the very words, all as cold as ice 4 Madam,' suya \v\f learnt glad to find that hurried trip to Scotland has impaired neither your good looks nor your solf-commaud.' Wasn't it cruel of him ?--but then, poor fellow, he had been badly used, T admit that. Pnor young fellow, he never did marry ; and I don't believe he «ver forgot me to his dying day. Many a.time I'd like to have told him ali about it ; and how there was no use in my marrying him if I liked another man better; but though we met sometimes, especially when he came down about the Kef orin Bill time-and I do believe I mnde :i red-hot R vlicul of him-he was always very proud, and 1 hadn't the heart to go back on the old story. But I'll tell you what your grandfather did for'him-he got him returned at the very next election, and he on tho other side too ; and after a bit a man begins to think more about getting a seat in Parliament than about courting an empty-headed girl. 1 have met this Mr. RoHcorhi, haven't I ?" " Of course you have." " A good looking man rather, with a fresh com plexion and grey hnir ?" " I don't know what you mean by good looks," said Trelyon, shortly. '" I shouldn't think people would call him an Adonis. But there's no account ing for tastes." " Perhaps I may have been mistaken," the old lady said ; " but there was a gentleman at Ply mouth St; '.¡on who seemed to he something like what I eui recall of Mr. Korcorla-you didn't see him, I suppose." " At Plymouth Station, grandmother?" the young mau said, becoming rather uneasy. "Yes. He got'into tho train just as we came up. A neatly dressed man, grey hair, and a healthy looking face-I must have seen him somewhere , about here before." "Eoscorla is in Jamaica," enid Trelyon, posi tively. Just at thia moment the train slowed into Launceston Station, and tho people began to get out on the jibitform. " That is the man I mean," said the old lady. Trelyon turned and stared. There, sure enough, was Mr. Rosçorla, looking not one whit different from tho precise, elderly, fresh-coloured gentleman who had left Cornwall some seven months before. " Good Lord, Harry," said the old lady, nervously looking at her grandson's face, " don't have a fight here !" Tho next 6econd Mr. Eoscorla wheeled round, anxious about some luggage, and now it was his turn to stare in astonishment and anger-angel', because he had been told that Harry Trelyon never came near Cornwall, and his first sudden suspicion was that he had been deceived. All this had hap pened in a minute. Trelyou was the first to regain his self-command. He walked deliberately for ward, held out his hand, and said "Hillo, Roscarla; back in England again? I didn't know you were coming," " No," said Mr, Roscorla, wifh hi3 face grown just a trifle greyer ; "no, I suppose not." In point of fact he had not informed any one of his norning. He had prepared a little surprise. The chief motive of his return was to get Wonna to cancel for ever that unlucky letter of release he had sent her, which he had done more or less suc cessfully in subsecpient correspondence ; hut he had also hoped to introduce a littlj romanticism into his meeting with her. Ila would enter Eglos ilyan on foot. He would wander down to the rocks at the mouth of the harbour, on the chance of finding Wenna there. Might he not hear her humming to herself, as she sat and sowed, some snatch of " Your Tolly has never been false, she declares"-or was that the very last ballad in the world Bhe would now think of singing ? Then the delight of regarding again the placid, bright face and earnest eyes, of securing once more a perfect understanding between them, and their glad return to the inn. All thia had been spoiled by the appearance of this young man ; he loved him none the more for that. " I suppose you haven't got a trap waiting for you ?" said Trelyon, with cold politeness. " I.can drive you over, if you like." He could do no less than make the offer ; the other had no alternative but to accept. Old Mrs. Trelyon heard this compact made with considerable dread. Indeed, it was a dismal drive over to Eglosilyan bright as the forenoon was. The old lady did her best to be courteous to Mr. Roscorla and cheerful with her grandson ; but she was oppressed by the belief that it was only her presence that had so far restrained the two men from giving, vent to the rage and jealousy that filled their hearts. The con versation kept up was singular. "Are you going to remain in England long, Roscorla ?" said the younger oE tho two men, mak ing an unnecessary cut at one of the two horses he was driving. " Don't know yet. Perhaps I may. "Because," said Trelyon, with angry impertin ence, " I suppose if you do you'll hilve to looh round for a housekeeper." The insinuation was felt ; and Roscorla's eyef looked anything but pleasant as he answered "You forgot I've got Mrs. Cornish to look af te: my house." "Oh, Mrs. Cornish is not much of acompanior for you." " Men seldom want to make companions of fchei: housekeepers," was the retort, uttered rathe: hotly. "But sometimes they wish to Lave the tw< offices combined, for economy's sake." At this juncture Mrs. Trelyon struck in, some what wildly, with a remark about an old ruinée house, which seemed to have had at one time a pri vate still inside ; the danger was staved off for tnt moment. " Harry," she said, " mind what you are about the horses seem very fresh." "Ye9, they like a good run; I suspectthey'v« had precious little to do since I left Cornwall." Did she fear that chu youngman was déterminée to throw them into a ditch or down a precipice with the wild desire of killing his rival at an^ cost ? If she had know" the whole state of affair between them-the story of the emerald ring, fo example-she would have understood at least th difficulty experienced by these two men in remain ing decently civil towards each other. So they passed over the high and wide moors until fav ahead they caught a glimpse of the blu plain of the sea. Mr. Roscorla relapsed into silence he was becoming a trille nervous. He was probabl; so occupied with anticipations of his meeting wit Wenna that he failed to notice the objects aroun him-and ono of these, now beeomo visible, was ; very handsome young lady, who was comin smartly along a wooded lane, carrying a basket o bright-coloured flo werf. '. Why, here's Mabyn Rosewarne, I must wai for her.'" Mabyn had seen at a distance Mrs. Trelyon's gre horses; she guessed that the young master ha come back, and that he liad brought somo strangei with him. She did not like to be stared at b strangers. She came along the path, with her eye fixed on tho ground ; she thought it impertinent c Harry Trelyon to wait to speak to her. " Oh, Mabyn,-' he cried, " you must let me elriv you home ! Ànel let me introduce you to my grane mother. There is some one else whom yo know." Tho young lady bowed to Mrs. Trelyon ; then sh stared, anel changed colour somewhat, when st saw Mr. Roscorla; then she was helped up into seat. " How do you do, Mr. Trelyon ?" she said. " am very glad to sea you have come bnck. How c you do. Mr. Roscorla ?" She shook hands with them both, "but not qui1 in the same fashion. " And you have sent no message that you wei coming ?" she said, looking her companion straigl in the face, " No-no, I diel not," he said, angry and emba rassed hy the open enmity of the girl. " I thougl I should surprise you all-" " You have surprised me, any way," said Many " for how can you bo so thoughtless? Wenna lu been very ill-I tell you, che hos been very ill i deed, though «he has said little about it, and tl le.ast tiling upsets her. How cnn you think i frightening her EO ? Do you know wlmt you a: doing ? I wi.-h you would go away bnck to Lam cestón, or London, and write her a note there, you aro coming, insteael of trying to irighti her !" This was the language, it appeared to Mr, Ho coria, of a virago ; only viragoes do not ordinarily have tears in their eyes, as waa the case with Mabyn, when she finished her indignant appeal. " Mr. Trelyon, do you think it is fair to go and frighten Wonna so ?" she demanded. ' " It is none of my business," Trelyon answered, with an air as if he he had said to his rival, " Yes, go and kill the girl! You are a nico sort of gentle man, to come down from London to kill the girl !" " This is absurd," said Mr. Roscorla, contempt uously, for he was stung into reprisal by the per secution of these two; "a girl isn't so easily frightened out of her wits. Why, she must have known that my coming home was at any time probable." " I have no doubt shel feared that it was," said Mabyn, partly to herself; for once she was afraid of speaking out. Presently, however, a brighter light came over the girl's face. 1 " Why, I quito forgot," she said, addressing Harry Trelyon ; " I quite forgot'that Wenna was just going up to Trelyon Hall when I left. Of course, she will be up there. You will be able to tell her that Mr. Roscorla lias arrived won't you ?" The malice of this suggestion was so apparent that the young gentleman in front could not help grinning at it; fortunately, his face could not be seen by his rival. What he thought of the whole arrangement can only he imagined. And so, as it happened, Mr. Roscorla and his friend Mabyn were dropped at the inn; while Harry Trelyon drove his grandmother up and on to the Hall. " »Veil, Harry," the old lady said, " I am glad to be able to breathe at last ; I thought you two were going to kill each other." " There is no fear of that," the young man said ; " that is not the way in which this affair has to be settled. It is entirely a matter for her decision and look how everything ia in his favour. I nm not even allowed to say a word to her ; and even if I could, he is a deal cleverer than me in argu ment. He would argue my head off in half-ar hour." I "But you don't turn a girl's heart round by argument, Harry. When a girl has to choose between a young lover and an elderly one, it isn't always good sense that directs her choice. Is Miss Wenna Rosewarne at all like her sister ?" " She's not such a tomboy," he said ; " but she is quite as straight-forward, and proud, aud quick to tell you what is the right thing to do. There's no sort of shamming tolerated by these two girls. But thea Wenna is gentler, and quieter, and more soft and loveable than Mabyn-in my fancy, you know; and she is more humorous and clever, so that she nevor gets into those school-girl rages. But it is really a Bhame to compare them like that ; and, indeed, if any one said the least thing against one of these girls, the other would precious soon make him regret the day he was born. 'You don't catch me doing that with either of them; I've had a warning already, when I hinted that Mabyn might probably manage to keep her husband in good order. And so she would, I believe, if the husband were not of the right sort ; but when she is really fond of anybody, she becomes their slave out-and out. There is nothing she wouldn't do for her sister ; and her sister thinks there's nobody in tho world like Mabyn. So you see-" Hu stopped in the middle of this sentence. " Grandmother," he said, almost in a whisper, I " here she is coming along the road." " Miss Rosewarne ?" " Yes ; shall I introduce you ?" . " If you.like." Wenna was coming down the steep road, between the high hedges, with a small girl on each side of her, whom she was leading by the hand. She was gaily talking to them; you could hear tho children laughing at what she said. Old Mrs. Trelyon came to tho conclusion that this merry young lady, with the light and free stop, tue careless talk, and frosh colour in her face, was certainly not dying of any love-affair. " Take the reins, grandmother, for a minute." He had leapt down into the road, and was stand ing before her, almost ere she had time to re cognize him. For a moment a quick gleam of gladness shone on her face ; then, almost instinc tively, she seemed to shrink from him, and she was reserved, distant, and formal. Ile introduced her to the old lady, who said some thing nice to her about her sister. The young mau was looking wistfully at hor, troubled at heart that she treated him so coldly. u I have got to break some news to you," he said; " perhaps you will consider it good news." She looked up quickly. " Nothing has happened to anybody-only some one has arrived. Mr. Roscorla is at the inn " She did not Hinch. Ile was vexed with her that she showed no sign of fear or dislike. On the con trary, she quickly said that she must then go down to tho inn ; and alie bade them both good-by, in a placid and ordinary way; while he drove off, with dark thoughts crowding into his imagination ol what might happen down at the inn during thc next few days, lie was angry with her, he scarcely knew why. Meanwhile Wenna, apparently quite calm, won1 on down the road ; but there was no more laugh' ing in her voice, no more light in her face. " Miss Wenna," said th« smaller pf the twc children, who could not understand this change and who looked up with big, wondering eyes "why does oo tremble so ?" (TO BR CONTINUED.) 