Theatre Eoyal. In nearly all the elements that make a pantomime a success, that produced at the Theatre Eoyal last night was perfect. The seenio effects from tho opening to the end of the transformation scene we're striking, artistic and gaudy ; aud to the brushes of Mr. Hennings and his assistants, must be as- cribed no smallshare of tho success of Froggie, Who Would a Wooing Go. Of Mr. Gar- net Walch's effort little need be said beyond what has already appeared in these columns. The perplexities that beset a theatrical man ager who has to provide entortainmeut for a fastidious public are brought prominently forward in the onenincr scene, and Mr. Hnr. wood is represented as endeavoring to draw some inspiration from tho sea on the sauds at Sorrento. The brain-cudgelling is over come by a frog, which obligingly appears on the scene, and suggests the idea of that frog; known to fame who would a- wooing go. The notion is handed over to Mr. Walch, whose fertile imagination concocts a perfect; story of a frog in love, assisted in his lova by a demon named AI-KohoL The machinations of the froggie end in his taking to his native waters, and boing swallowed up by an enormous white duck,, the mechanism aud portraiture of which arc not faultlessly true to natural history. Tho duck appears, in fact, to be as tardy in swallowing Froggie as the audience sometimes were iu taking the puns and jokes interspersed throughout the piece. However, the earnest love of Prince Agib (Miss Docy Stewart), after innumerable crosses, is rewarded by bis securing the hand of Zu Za, a fair princess, and they are eventually raised to the seventh heaven of the transformation Bcene by the good Peri Namoune (Miss M. Stewart), who watches over Z11 Zu aud her lover, and finally secures them in the enjoy ment of a happy wedlock in spite of covetous rivab, in spite of Al- Kohol, in spite of Froggie and all his amphibious troop. Mr. Walch has attempted to accli- matiso the uantnmime «q fnr n « nfteslhln huh tho effort to transplant such a species of en tertainment has proved in his hands, and will probably remain, an unaccomplished task. An author might as well attempt to make ghost stories aud haunted houses racy of the soil, as to attempt to produce a really Australian pantomime. Excepting the mention of some native places and the introduction of some local hits, the production is as purely exotic, oriental, and foreign- as a piece could well be. It is, notwithstanding, a worthy effort as a whole, a successful achieve ment from a juvenile point of view, — from which alone such essays should be regarded — and will take a very creditable place in the history of Christmas pieces. The overture and selection of music, as arranged by Mr. Fred. Coppin, went off some what llatly, but in this respect, us in others, there will be ample opportunities to improve as the piece works into groove. Too much should not be expected on the first night. The leaders of the ballet troupe were little Osborne, the well-known child dancer, Miss Alice Deorwyn, and the Sisters Duvalli. The dancing of Little Osborne was graceful and artistio, Miss Ueorwyn's was sprightly and clever, and that of the Duvallis was strikiugly complicated and dilfioult. A song and dnuco by Selim (Miss Nellie Stewart) were loudly applauded and cacored. The fairy donees in tho various 8cenes,_by a large number of girls by no means deficient in per sonal attractions, were effective and graceful, the performers being clad in pure white muslin dresses, embellished with silvered or naments, the reflected glitter of wbich shono out with every movement. Tho matching, counter-marching and manoeuvres of the amazonian guards, under the changing hues of a powerful lime-light, were- dazzling, effective and pleasing. With regard to the eolo and concerted pieces of musio interspersed throughout the piece, there is considerable room for improve, inent. There were, perhaps, fewer of those surprises generally unfolded in pantomimes than are generally invented for such occa sions, and the grotesque characters with big heads and ugly noses were of the common and well-known type. But after making full allowance for all defects, the special excel lence and variety of the Bcenery makes a liberal counterpoise, and the production could well afford to dispense with some of its merits,andthe paintings wonld then ensure tbe success of the piece. The scene on the sea shore near Sorrento is telling and faithful.. The Home of the Batrachians, the Palace of Djol-I-Sopht, and the Peri Lake are works of art that would do credit to any London theatre. The panorama — con- taming views of Windsor Castle, Venice, Bitter Lakes, Suez, Eed Sea, lighthouse, a ship in a cyclone, Caves of Eleplianta, railway viaduot over tho Jumua, elephant and tiger, Madras and Calcutta — comes in as a charming surprise created by Al-Kohol, and forms no moan part of tho entertainment. The Banyan Grove and Fountain of Dancing Waters is a fairy-like and tropical scene ; the land of frogs, where Froggie dies, is a pretty rccdy marsh where any expiring frog on a log might wish to give up tho ghost. The dazzling wonders unfolded by the transformation scene must be sceu, especially by juveniles, to be appreciated. The fun and frolio of tho harlequinade was as merry last night as ever. 