JACK ESSINGHAM; OR, "THE GRAVES OF A HOUSEHOLD." (A TALE OF NORTHERN QUEENSLAND.) CHAPTER XIV. DICK DECLINES TO GIVE UP HILLINGFORD—THE FIRST GRAVE. BY DRAMINGO. SNELLET arrived at Port Ariel after a pro longed trip; the steamer's machinery having broken down, she had had to make her port under canvas. After remaining two days, and 'hearing nothing from the South, he started, leaving word for any telegrams to be Bent on to Hillingford by the mailman. Two or three hours after his departure the delayed message came. Snellet arrived at the Grantham Inn at about four o'clock in the afternoon, and not being in a hurry determined to remain there that night, and put in an appearance at Hillingford the next morning. Thinking that he might get gome useful information out of the landlord, be proceeded to him inform of the purport of his Journey, and cross- question him as to the Hil- Ingford people. Johnson answered all Snellet'a questions, and then made his escape, being of course bursting to impart the news to his wife. Left to himself, and spying a good-looking girl in the bar (Dick's sister-in-law), Snellet w-nt in there, and commenced to make himself agree able. The girl, however, being rather countri fied, and not appreciating his soft-goods manner —comparing him as she did in her own mind, much to his disadvantage, with Hill, Essingham, Duncairn, and the other gentlemen residents about there that she had been in the hubit of seeing—he only got "yes" and "no "answers until he broached the topic of Hillingford; then she was more communicative. " You have a good many cattle about here I see—station cattle, I Buppose 1" " Some of them. Mr. Essingham lets father have his cattle on the run, and we can have as many heifers as we like from the station, to break in as milkers, as long as we don't starve the calves." 44 How very kind," said Snellet, ironically, thinking " I'll soon stop this little game." " Yes, it is very kind," said the girl simply. " I suppose though you're very good-natured to him in return," " I don't understand you ?" she said, looking rather red. " No ; why if you're father hadn't such a good looking daughter perhaps Mr. Essingham would not trouble himself as to whether you had milkers or no—what do you think ?" She informed him what she thought by coll ing to a younger brother, " Jimmy, come and mind the bar," and walked out and left him. She found her father and mother in deep con sultation. "Yes, that's best," said her father, as she entered the room ; " send Bill over and let him tell Dick what's up. My advice to him is not to give up possession till his wages are paid." "I hope Dick will put him in a waterhole," said his daughter; " he's a beast of a man, and I shan't go into the bar again while he's here." Bill, the boy who had been employed on and off at Hillingford since it had been purchased by Duncairn and Jack, was soon in the saddle and cantering off to warn his brother-in-law of the coming raid. Mrs. Dick the Devil took her father's view of the case. " It can't do Mr. Essingham or Mr. Duncairn any good you're having a row with this man, bo if he pays you, you ought to give up the place," she said. "Hold your tongue," replied Diok, rather rudely. " I shall do what Mr. Essingham told me—look after the place until he comes back." "But remember you've more than a year's wages coming to you, and if Mr. Essingham's broke and can't pay you, and you fall out with this new man, you'll get nothing." " You'll get something if you don't dry up," said Dick, half jokingly. But his wife kept at him until he began to seriously lose his temper, and told her in an unmistakeable tone to mind her own business. ■ The next morning, in pursuance of an idea that had occurred to him during the night, Bill was despatched to Jumna with a note to Mr- Hill, written in poor Dick's best pothooks, ask ing him to come over, as " the stashun was goin to be seesed." This done he quietly awaited the course of events. There was nobody excepting himself and the two black boys on Che place, so Snellet when he rode up anticipated no trouble in getting posses sion. " Good day. You are in charge here, I believe ?" he said to -Dick, who was leaning against one of the verandah posts of his hut. Dick replied that "he believed he was." MMy name is Snellet; I am here to take possession of this place for Messrs. Rawlings and Burton, who are now the owners of it" * The copyright of "Jack B**in*him " ha* bssn p-r -•fcajad by the prevrittats of Ths QustnsUmdtr tnm the "It's changed hands without my hearing of it," said Dick, evincing no surprise. " That may be, my good fellow, but you must consider me, in charge now. Tell one of those boys to take my saddle off, and let my horse go, and if you come up to the house I'll talk further to you." "If you go into that house I'll turn you out again quick," " What's that! Do you know who you're talking to?" " No; haven't the slightest idea,beyond you're a fellow calling yourself Kellett, and talking about this place belonging to people as I never heard ofbefore." " Snellet looked at Dick's wiry frame, and the hard brown face surmounting it, and concluded to pocket the insult, as he had done many others in the course of his life. Bouncing would not do, bo he tried to argue the point. " Look here, my good man, you are doing the best, as you think, for your employers, and quite right of you. I think all the better of you for it, but listen to reason. What good will it do to Mr. Essingham you're sticking out here, and you'll do yourself harm." " I know what I'm doing of," returned Dick, stubbornly. " No, you don't I'm quite willing to do a fair thing, and if Mr. Essingham hasn t paid up irour wages lately, and that's what you're think ng of, why I'll settle that all right." " He's got nearly eighteen months coming to him," said Mrs. Dick, who would have a say in the matter. " If you don't be quist, I'll choke you," said her husband. " Now, Diok, you know that you have, so why can't you listen to what this gentleman says ?" " Gentleman be hanged," muttered Dick, quite loud enough, however, for Snellet to overhear, but he took no notice. " Whatever it la, I'll square up everything," he said. "All I've got to say, Mr. Kellet, ia this," re turned Dick, who would persist in miscalling him, much to Snellet's annoyance. "If you want to stop here, there's an empty hut there, and if you haven't got blankets I'll lend you a pair ; if you come up here at meal times, you'll get your grub ; but as to giving possession of this Btation to anyone as doesn't bring an order from Mr. Essingham or Duncairn, I'm sugared if I do ; and if I had ten years' wages coming to me, it wouldn't make no difference." j " Well," said Snellet, who saw that there was no help for it, " you'll find out your mistake in a few days, and see what a fool you've made of •fourself." " Can't help it," said Dick, and refused to listen to another word. That night Mr. Hill came back with young Johnson. " You have acted very rightly," he said, when Dick told him of the day's occurrences ; " and as to-morrow is mail day, I'll wait and see if there's a letter from Mr. Essingham." "Glad you're on my side, sir ; but you're not going to ask that chap up here, are you ?" "Well, Dick, I think so; I'm sure Mr. Essing ham would be civil to him if he were here, and if he doesn't like to go out again, why I think we can manage him," said the good- tempered giant. "If you say so, air, it's all right, but if you hadn't come he'd have camped in that hut there." Hill then introduced himself to Snellet, and told him that if he was willing to accept the position there of an ordinary visitor he was quite welcome to make himself as comfortable as he could until they heard something definite from the South. Snellet, who had passed a rather dreary day, was glad to compromise matters, and willingly consented. When the mailbag arrived on the following day it contained nothing but the re-directed telegram for Snellet; this, however, was quite sufficient to make him take his departure the next morning, and hasten back to Port Ariel as quickly as he could. If Dick did not crow loudly over hia wife, on account of the superior sagacity he had shown, it was only because in everyday matters the gray mare was slightly the better horse. / Hill wrote a full account of tbe affair to Dnn cairn, and sent it to lUamere. The letter arrived at a house of mourning. When Jack—in obedi ence to the hasty summons—reached lUamere he found hushed footsteps and grave faces. " She is very ill," said Duucairn, " but we have some hope. Dr. Belmore, who is here, says that she still may rally, but Bhe is very weak. She has often asked for you, and when she wakes you can see her." Jack went into the sick room when he was called in about an hour'a time. Rachel turned her pale face to him, with the ghost of her old merry smile playing upon it, and as he stooped to kiss her she feebly stroked bis cheek with ncr thin hand. Jack felt a choking feeling in his throat, and- when he did speak has voice was very husky. " My dear little sister," was all he could aay. "Poor Jack," she said fondly, "perhaps I'll be better soon." He couldn't answer her. The altered face and weak voice told of another possibility that was casting a black shadow ahead. She saw how his heart waa wrung, and tried in her aunple way to comfort bim. " And if I don't get well, brother, I am only going before you ; you will ace me again ; and though it seems hard to die, Jack, He knows best, and when I think of that I wouldn't have it otherwise." Essingham tried hard to hide the tears that would come into his eyes at her words ; but the dull, deep sorrow in his heart told him too surely that he was about to lose that which he loved best on earth. Two more days passed, and life and death still struggled together. On the third day the doctor told Mr. Frampton that there was no hope. "No hope ;" and she who had been the best loved of all, who had always been full of joyous health and mirth, must leave them for ever. And until the summons came they could only watch and pray. It came soon. During the sleepless nights that she had lately passed she had been in the habit of arising before daylight and stationing herself at the window, there to watch the morning star—which at this season of the year was singularly bright and beautiful—rise in its cold splendor. And now that she was too weak to move she hod begged that her bed might be shifted to the window. The blind was drawn, and she lay with her fair young face turned towards the east to watch its rising. Leah, with one arm passed around, and her face nestled against her sister, kuert in heart broken silence beside her bed. None of the sad watchers in the room deceived themselves ; they knew that the end was at hand, and that their light-heartod darling was about to leave them— leaving them with all her youthful innocence, so dewily.fresh upon her, and but for the aching voids they felt within their own hearts they would not have wished it otherwise. Slowly in its serene glory arose the radiant star of the morning, for whose coming she had waited. Bright as the strong hope of immor tality that she cherished, and pure as her own young boul. The mild clear . rays beamed upon her from between the dark branches of the motionless trees, like a smile of cheerful encouragement from some tender aurioled mes senger Bent by her Father ; to guide her falter ing steps through the dark valley of the shadow unto His land. " I am glad I have seen it," she said in an almost inaudible whisper, turning her faoe towards the grief-stricken one on the pillow beside her. She raised her still bright eyes to her uncle, her brother, and Duncairn, as if to convey in that glance the loving farewell she could no longer speak ; and then—at that solemn hour, when the darkness that for a while enshrouds our earth was fading before the foot steps of a fleeting day—she awoke in the dawning of a day that knows no end. ****** "No ! I cannot, cannot leave her," sobbed Leah, when her husband tried to induce her to ' quit for a time the lifeless body. " Leah," he murmured, stooping over her; " think of her brighter now and happier than she could have possibly been here. Think of her escape from, perhaps, years of grief and trouble. Think that One who loves her has seen fit to take her to himself, and be comforted." His words partly prevailed, so that she relin quished her embrace of what had once been her sister, and suffered Duncairn to lead her from the room. They* made her last home, close to the house whereof she had been the sun of life and light. As tb.ey stood around the open grave another mourner was added to their number. A horseman rode hastily'up, and leaving his horse at the house, came and took his place bareheaded amongst them. Horace Vernon had left his mother and sister in Brisbane, and had travelled on without rest to learn the worst; and now was in time to see but the ooffin containing the body of the girl who unconsciously had changed his character. He pressed Jack's hand, but neither spoke. Under an old and stately apple tree, whose twisted limbs wero crowned with greater luxu riance of foliage than nature usually accords to Australian trees, they buried her. The gnarled boughs spread low down towards the earth, as if in mute avowal that they would guard and pro tect the form about to be consigned to them. And the willow slips that were planted at each corner of the enclosure grew speedily, as if anxious to reach the age when they would be able to trail their long branches over the tomb stone, and when an idle wind rustled their leaves against it, seemed to be reading to themselves the simple inscription that was on it, of "Rachel Essingham." A writer in the Temperance Newt, Melbourne,, enquires if the Good Templars and other kin dred societies are asleep ? Or are they ashamed of their cause ? Or do they seek to monopolise the blessings of total abstinence ? Or do they think that their cause can be its own mouth fiece, its own advocate, and propagate itself? t must look to the world that they are laboring under some one or other of these unhappy con ditions. Good Templary is a work of bene volence and philanthropy. It is a great under taking of social regeneration. The crying neces sity which exists for it no one attempts to deny. The blessings which it bestows on society—on .the friendless, the wretched, and forlorn—every one admits. But the question which I urge ia this—" What are we doing to make its merits more widely known and felt ? What are we doing to extend and apply its blessings ? Christianity itself, abounding in goodness and love beyond our comprehension, as it does, nevertheless required Christ to proclaim it to the world—to expound its merits and preach its doctrines. He, again, deemed it necessary to appoint apostles to carry Christianity into all parte of the carth —to expound it—to expose the corse for which it was the remedy—and to proclaim far and wide the cure. And what shall we say of total abstinence ? Is it more powerful or nobler than Christianity ? Can it proclaim itself ? Oh no ! impossible. But what are we philanthropists and reformers doing to proclaim it amongst the subjects of our philan thropy? Alas ! the answer is 'nothing.'" The editor of the Coromandel Mail says :— ■ " The Auckland Echo has fallen into an error which we desire to correct It says, in a late issue, that Messrs. WooUams and M'Leod are shareholders in the Coromandel Mail, and that the new editor is merely the nominal proprietor. The mistake lies in this : neither Mr. WooUams nor Mr. M'Leod are shareholders in the Mail. The present proprietor tried very hard to drag these gentlemen into a snare and delusion by offering them—each of them —a full one-half share in the property - for the one-sixteenth of one share in the Union Beach Claim ; but neither could, or if they could, they wouldn't seeit. And although we did not say so then, Messrs. WooUams and M'Leod were quite right. Run ning a newspaper on one's own account is about as risky as a four-horse coaching business under similar conditions. In nine cases out of ten it means hideous ruin and combustion. The busi ness suits the writer of this, because he loves excitement, and he does not know anything more exhilarating than being ruined. It engages the attention, diverts the thoughts, exercises the inventive powers, and tends to the cultiva tion of the mental faculties. No; Messrs. WooUams and M'Leod are not shareholders in the Mail. 