A ROMANCE OF COLONIAL LIFE. About eighteen months ago a resident of this disfrict, who boasted, and I ber lieve truth full', of the fact of the blue blooi of an old family coursing through his veins, married and left to settle else- where. At tbe time the ceremony was performed tbe gentleman in question attracted just that small amount of notice usually accorded by tbe world, to one who sometimes can afford three penny worth of beer for his Sunday's .dinner, bat more frequently cannot. It will, easily be understood, therefore, that neither the bridegroom nor the wedding was what we sometimes term " known", in or about Ballarat. However a few friends did assemble together and wish all happiness to the newly- wedded pair, who shortly slipped away from us unpre- ceived and not missed. "When I state- the wife (a stranger hereabouts) was as poor and unknown as the man she knelt beside at the altar, I shall have said all that need be said concerning a marriage of which few were aware, and about which as many cared. Hard work in- another colony was to: the couple the only reward that seemed . .'likely/ to mark the fulfilment of a long arid- affec tionate engagement. -Neither : had to their knowledge kith or' kin on the face of tbe earth, so placed strong reliance in each other when they plighted their troth. Now mark what the whirligig df time brings about. In ' April last the husband was " wanted," not by the police, but by, a firm qf solicitors, who then placed: him in possession of some I river-side . property in. London, tlic rent roll of .which means a little over £13,000 annually. . He had kin, but so far re moved as to be quite unknown to him. The mail wlrichreached Sydney lastmonth told of further favours in store for ibe for- tuuate couple. The wife had succeeded. not to a title, but to what is better £34,000, bequeathed to her by a natural brother, of whose . existence- she was doubtful, and of whose whereabouts, and, as events have proved, riches, she had hoc the ghost of an idea. I recollect some years since hearing it said of the now rich Thames property- hoider that he was " a soft: fellow, always lending half-crowns to impectuiious friends, and never, as a matter of course; recovering them." The taunt was rather nicely met hy the man at whom it was thrust —"True," he replied, "I cannot deny it, but did you ever hear of me "having asked for the loan of a shilling, or owing a man. a penny ?" His worst enemies could uot reply in the affirmative.- — Bal larat correspondent of Hie Pleas ait Creek News. 