Poverty-stricken Blg-wlgs. [Liberal JUv'mo.) j AMBITIOUS people have been among the world's greatest benefactors, but the ambition by which they have been in- spired is of a very different character to that which seems to have taken possession -3f many of the Englishmen and women of to-day. Not a few of the ambitious souls of old sought to conquer nations and to perform great achievements in the worlds of politics, science, literature, and art, in order that their names might bc inscribed upon thc rolls of fame ; and even at the present moment there are those who are actuated by lofty con- siderations of the character indicated. , But the vast majority of British persons i of the nineteenth century are influenced my much meaner motives, and there are a great many whose ambition is of the most paltry description. The chief desire of this class, apparently, is to make as much money as they can, and to persuade thc world that they are more or less aristocratic. They are rather disposed to sneer at those humble individuals who have risen by sheer force of hard work and talent, from a lowly position in society to a comparatively high one, and arc not -»ashamed to own that this is the case, " and tliey show no inclination to work, either with their hands or heads, in a manner which should induce anxiety on the score of their healths. Neither do they indicate that they will injure their poorer fellow-creatures by doing too much for them. They complacently assume that ninety people out of a hundred are unfit to meet them on tenus of equality, and they show this to the unfortunate ninety people in an un T. pleasantly marked and offensive manner. When these magnificent beings happen to have plenty of money to enable them to sustain their pretensions they can manage to rub along with little dis- comfort to themselves, but when they derive their dignity from thc connections, and are not overburdened with tile circulating medium, the case assumes a very different, and, for them, unsatisfactory, aspect. Their " friends " do not care about their society, which is simply tolerated at thc best of times, and those who might give them love, friendship, and society, they are too proud to recognise except in a supercilious fashion, their dignity being outraged at a bare sugges- tion that they might do well to associate with such canaille, In preference to unbending and, in ilicir eyes, descend- ing to a rung lower on the ladder of social life, (hey elect to live in a state of practical isolation, hated and despised by the majority of their fellows. Their so-called position does not protect them from the attacks of thc tax-collector, thc butcher's collector, and others who conduce to render miserable thc lives of men and women of straitened circum- stances. So they arc compelled to exercise a rigid economy, to keenly supervise the actions of their domestic servants, and to accept, with becoming gratitude, such gifts as may bc tendered them by their richer connections. Of course, they are spoken ill of, of course they arc disliked, and, of course, there is much rejoicing when they come hope- lessly to grief, as they sometimes do. No doubt, they act according to their in- stincts, and it is certain that they arc urged on their course by an incapacity to face thc inevitable. They cling to the insane idea that it is possible for a family which has sometime during the last hundred years been wealthy and of status to retain its position long after its wealth has been dissipated, and, doing j so, it is not surprising that they act in j the manner indicated. Hut in an age of intelligence such people ought to lean) that prestige, separated from that which made it in thc first instance, soon be- comes a flimsy and demoralising shadow. A merchant is only a man of position in provincial society so long as he ts a prosperous merchant ; when he loses his money he ceases to bc a big-wig in a small way even, and it is simply folly for him and his family to decline, in such a case, to submit to the inevitable. As it is with the merchant, so it is with all men who experience severe reverses, and with all those families whose fortunes decay. Poverty-stricken big-wigs are constant sources of annoyance to the districts in which they take up their abode. They are too proud to fraternise with their neighbours and their children are for- bidden to make companions of the children of the latter. The consequence naturally is that tiley are spoken of in a manner the reverse of flattering and that a host of petty scandals are eagerly propagated in reference to them. Their domestic wrangles are enlarged upon with relish and their pecuniary embar rasments are discussed with unction, while their junior members run a very good chance of being treated when they go abroad with something worse than scorn by the more juvenile portion of their plebeian fellows. The daughters, as they grow up, are taught to consider that they must not marry beneath them, so they tum up their noses at such men as would care about wedding them, arc quietly passed over by those whom they would condescend to marry, and, in many cases, end by developing into old maids and having to go out into the world to earn their living as governesses or in some quasi-respectable capacity. It may be remarked, by the way, that they and their guardians fall into thc mistake of imagining that men are unlike women in one important respect, viz. that they are in most cases, ready to marry and waive all prudential and mercenary con- sideration, whereas the fact is that, in not a few instances, they hope to im- prove their fortunes and position by matrimony as much as ever a woman can expect to do. The sons upon reaching maturity are, by the exigencies of their fate, compelled to attempt to thrust themselves into the society of those who are in a position to spend considerable sums of money. As the sons are not able to do this they have to learn to sponge and how to receive a favour as if they were granting one, which in certain instances they are able to do with con- summate skill. Further than this, they are compelled to sacrifice their individuality when the assertion of it is likely to prove objectionable to those with whom they are brought in contact and whose favour it is to their interest to retain. Consequently, the art of flattering, directly and indirectly, is cultivated by them with praiseworthy assiduity and with not a little success. Still, they must not think that they arc not seen through and that their worth is not very correctly estimated. Con- temptible and mean-spirited toadies, shallow and selfish snobs, though they are, they are tolerated because they are useful in a small way and because it is extremely difficult to get rid of them. Tradesmen have good reason for dislik- ing the pitiful wretches, who run into debt with utter recklessness in their eagerness to keep up appearances, and have a habit of getting out again by " bolting " or going through the Bank- ruptcy court. They seem to be indiffer- ent as to whom they swindle when driven into a comer. Their influence upon society generally is almost altogether for evil. This might be expected, for people who live a life of systematic deception and endeavour to strangle that which is best in human nature never can be but injurious in their tendencies. Wi: clip the annexed extract from a Califor- nian journal of December 31, received by thc Mikado :-" An establishment for tho ' repair' of thc human hair has lately been started by a hairdresser in lUmpart-strcct, Kew Orleans, Jiouisiaua. Thc proprietor docs not boast that he can restore hair which has gone, but he simply offers to plant a new crop. Hair, he says, being a vegetable, can be planted anywhere, and, if thc soil bc fniitfnl, will grow luxuriantly. Thc operation, however, of grafting hair is rather painful. lt is necessary to new thc new hair into thc head with needles. Thc most astonishing results are, it is stated, produced by this system of hair-planting. Aiiycolouredhairmay bc grafted blondes black hair ; old persons black, and young fjrey hair, or a person may be likeB have his head 'terraced,' that is (aid out in (latches of various coloured hair-red, white, dock, or brown-and in almost any sort of pattern or design. This style has been adopted rather largely in Nun' Orleans, and seldom fails to produce a profound sensation. To those who cauuot afford hmnau hair, the professor supplies at a reduced rate horse-hair, which is found quite os useful as a covering, and able to stand an immense amount of wear and tear, with thc additional advantage that 1 it never requires combing or hrmdiing. Many j of thc coloured citizens of New Orleans will, it is confidently anticipated, take advantage of i I thc introduction of the hair-grafting ait I iuto (lint city tn get rill of tlio wool that dis ligures tUcir heads and replace it by moro bccoiiiing locks, titus fitting themselves for the duties of American citizens." Tin: STOUAUE OF fiuNrowDEit.-A corres, pondent writes to thu London Times on the above subject os follows:-"As considérable attention is nt present given to thc difficulties of strong gunpowder, allow mc to point out thal there arc two objects te bc obtained to render an explosion comparatively harmless. 1\. To divide thc material ns inueh as possible. 2\. To command the direction of thc explosion of each portion of the material in caso of its taking fire. Thc powder which blew up in Regent's l'nrk was heaped together, but thc direction of thc explosion was controlled to a very great extent from thc barge being happily, in what may be termed a very deep ditch. Tlioso who saw thc great explosions' nt Sebastopol- notably that of tho French reserve ammunition right attack-will agree with mc that had thc four tons of powder cxplodod on the level of thc houses instead of in thc deep ditch of Regent's Park, a great number of houses would have been literally blown down flat ; iu fact, a clean sweep would have been made of tho neighbourhood. After thc blow-up at Erith I made some experiments in exploding powder stared in cast-iron tubs open at both ends, mid found-1. That tho tubes did not burst. 2. That they did not move from their position. Tito results of tho ex- periments have given me confidence that barrels of powder may bo safely stored in suitable cast-iron tubular magazines lined with coiled wrought-iron bands ; that these i tubular magazines may bc piled one over tho ' other ; and, moreover, that properly con stuctcd covers for tho ends of tho tubes would, in thc event of one being fired off, prevent tho other taking _ fire There are, of courso, objections to iron fonning part of a magazine, but thc tubes might bc lined wi:h suitable material, and the men storing and removing thc barrels would run no more risk than our gunners do every day at practice. These magazines would bo especially suitable in situations such as thc magazines of forts, or those which must bc maintained in fortified towns near a numerous population, such as Portsmouth. Experiments to determine thc alone of this proposal would cost very little, and if thc Home Office think it worth while to go into thc matter, I should bc happy to furnish drawing and all necessary details." AN Irish ghost story has generally some- thing to do with thc banshee, or death warner, lint a supernatural incident which is said to have occurred in the wilds of Kerry lately is sufficiently thrilling, although thc apparition concerned had hereditary standing, lt seems that a woman residing in Glennesk received a call from thc spirit other husband, a "man of the farming class, dressed in a shroud and white stockings and gloves." Thc farmer in white gloves stated that since his death, some months back, although he ought to bc in beaven, he was detained elsewhere on account of owing a sun of £15 to friends of his, and he begged of bis wife to give him tho money. Thc woman in full faith handed him £10, and promised to bring him th« rest in a few days if he came for it. Meanwhile she went and told thc priest tho circumstances of the case, and this gentleman acted very differently from the clerical monitor of Micky Freo, who may bo remembered by the readers of "diaries O'Mallcy," Whoa thc ghost in complete burial costume arrived for thc bank-note he was at once removed by a couple of police, and proved, os ghosts do in our day, to bc a mere pretender, playing a part, who will have to answer for his misconduct defore a magis- trate. There was a touch of real dramatic cunning in the fashion in which this rogue tried to impose on the simple widow. The shroud, thc stockings, aud, above all, tho gloves, were at once recognised by tho poor woman ns thc moBt fitting garments for her husband, as they were tho last in which slio had seen him. If ho had presented himself in thc more questionable guise of a flannel jacket and corduroys she might havo wondered how he contrived to procure a change of working clothes. Here is a hint for spiritualists who havo some difficulty in reconciling concrete flounces with ghoBuy phantoms. The Glen flcsk Ghost has not solved the problem, but his rigid adherence to charnel properties ought to bc a lcsBon to those who represent spirits in shooting coats or walking dresses.-Daily Sm's. 