full "j borough. IntIMl OUR OWN COKItDiPONnr.NT. I July 28. 'tHE great overcame my last has been the Tin T Club meet. The banks opened for an hour each day, and the stores all closed by 11 o'clock, so that every person had a dinner) of seeing the spot On Um Tuesday morning there will Borne four that the wet weather, now almost chronic with us, would set in again. An hour before the rain commenced it began to drizzle, and Um rain, though light, fall so steadily, that it really looked as if war were in for a regular wet day. It was quite pitiable to notice the disco sulutcdookinu; people in all directions ; ratify the boys seemed to preserve their spirits. After lasting long enough to turn back a considerable proportion of the intending visitors, and to make things uncomfortable for the spectators on the course, the rain stopped, and the sky cleared. On the second day the weather was magnificent" A drying wind had been blowing the preceding night, and find obliterated all traces of the rain, and the course was thronged. I need not give the names of the vviimoM and order of running, is that you will find in the local papers which will reach you as soon as this does. The racing W'iik very good on the whole, and I believe there was no suspicion even of under- hand work, lit the Hurdle Race, only one horse was placed, Mr. Lyons' For felt. All the others came to hopeless grief, and Playboy, the property of Dr. Power, was seriously injured. In the Forced Handicap, the race for which lay between Mariner and Chieftain, at the close of the second day, the running was splendid. So well satisfied are the spotting men with the two days that they propose an impromptu thud for to-morrow (Thursday). The various temperance societies took advantage of the general holiday observed during nice time to hold a gathering and sports for juveniles. Our Building Society hold its annual general meeting on Monday. It is now in its fifth year of existence and in it must flourishing condition. Beginning with a very few shares, it now numbers 1370, and holds mortgages to the value of MUSTO. For the first two years it remained a very small concern, previous experience making people rather shy of building societies, but since then the number of shares have nearly doubled themselves each year. The first lot of slimes expire next January, and the profits have been very good, time for every £100 then due to shareholders only £67 will have been paid by them during the five years. Much of the success of this society is due to the admirable management of the secretary, Mr. Purser, who, without any very adequate remuneration, has devoted himself to advancing its interests in a most hearty manner. A meeting was held on Monday night also, in the Royal Hotel, for the purpose of forming an Agricultural and Pastoral Society. A committee was nominated, and it is expected that they will be successful. We have been unfortunate in our agricultural societies. One called the Wide Bay Farmers and Planters' Society lasted for several years, and held many shows, but it was gradually undermined by clique him, and fell into disrepute. Then the planters on the river started a promising society, called the Wide Bay Agricultural Society. This made shipwreck in consequence of a feeling of jealousy between the farmers and millowners, subsiding into a mutual admiration association. It held one or two semi-private meetings, and finally gave up the ghost peacefully and without a murmur. I hope this attempt may have more permanent success. More Economy Indulgent Husband (to Dear Little Wife, who has brought some new curls) : "But, my darling, you will never he able to wear them ; they are flaming red." Dear Little wife : " I know I can't wear them darling ; I only bought them because they were so very cheap." Indulgent Husband ; "Humph Yes, you know j but really." " 