A TRUE STORY. The following yarn of course would go for nothing in the domains of Uncle Sam, but cortainly is not bad for this continent, and if the rocountor of this simple little ta lowill take courago and proceed, he may yet have the satisfaction of learning that Colonel Orockotthas died by his own hand. It is duo to thie Goulbaur Ad vertiser to state that that paper had the honorofbeingthe first topubliseh the "story of Hastoi"' as followeth " It is atonishing what zeal will tempt a man to do when he is out kangarooing. Our frion Ha tio didn't mean it, but he did it. Dhl what I Oh didn't you hear 1 He ran up to a cangaroo to capture it in no.ently, Well,. it is an in nocent- looking croeatur to be sure.. But H. "did :not .reckon on that exactly; he' Was t'only too' hasty. His dog' had bailedjthe kangoroo'up, and up comes our friend,' dismounts, and advances with the most' friendly intentions. The okangaroo, who had been regarding th dog 'from a rdspectful distance,' with back against a tree, like Fite James against his immortal rock, no sooner saw his human' opponent than he conceived 'a sudden affection for him, and advanced with a leap and a bomid to embrace him. Perhaps he had S'dim thought of Darwinism in lis small head ;'but' Hastie 'recirocated not : he ran. The dog howled; the kangaroo followed Hastie, the dog followed the kangaroo.: Our friend had had a weapon with him, but he either had dropped it or left it strapped :on the saddle. :He made forthat. saddle;. so did the kan garoo; so did the dog. Our friend was conscious of a whisk oni-the back of the head,'and'of a form leaping through the air above and beyond him. i Hstie thought of his grandmother, and for her sake he bolted rourd a tree. The kangaroo fol-. lowed in pursuit ; the dog, still yelping,; followed the kangaroo.. That dog was no good, unless to =yelp.. Now, in round-. ing a trdo a kangaroo is at a disad vantage. 'Hecannot walk leisurely 'with stately stop like a native companion, or hop in mod6sration when a dog is at his' heels; orrather his tail." At booest he has tp make leaps'; well, :it would take four. leaps in straight' lines to do the work; in fath6 'must quare the circle. And he did, proving, hunself to be wiser than mathematicians.' Our friend took ad vantage of this failing in poripatetics, and made fo hishorse winch was not far off. The kangaroo fmado a bound over H.'s head and landed in the saddle, the horse snorted and madlygalloped off.. Now it might haI'o 'been thoughit:that the kan garoo would speedily dismount, but it couldn't. Lading with its hind foot in the smooth- leather 7they slipped beyond recovery," and there lie was a gentleman rider, holding on .by the mane of a horse distrought with 'fright. They are at it still. The' ghost huntor" of the 'Hartz Mountains.is nothing to it-horseo and rider sro bound to run to death.' A re ward vill be given for their:skelotonsi." 