LA FILLE DU DIABLE. A jTALE OF MELBOCKXE LIFE. BY DONALD CAMERON, author or "soBiroroLJS." Chapter VIII. — ( Continued.) Pah! Lat us drink the sparkling Wine. ' " These potent glasses of champagne, Have brought mohaok my youth again, And in my veins I feei the flow Of blood that warmed them long ago !" Lat ths ghost drink of this sparkling beverage, and live again i .It is time to drop the curtain, and leave these revellers to their own davioes. Tbe day of retribution will come for tbem in good time. Chapter IX. — Was the Old Man Dead ? Bossy reads The Herald — Alone in the World — Where is the Old Man—" The Police are Making Imiairiea "—Alone in the Old Home— The Dream of iicve— Charitablo Tradesmen— On the Brink, Hubert reaohed town too late to see Bessy. By some means the poor girl had happened to come across The Iierald, which contained the mysterious paragraph. The two men who had gone up to obtain possession of the filly reported that Willis was missing when they returned, and as it was pretty well known early amongst the circle in which he moved for (the celebrated game at tbe Knave of Trumps was soon noised abroad) that he had won over four hundred pounds suspicion was ex cited that all wasnotrigbt. An astute re portor had seized upon the very trifling information which was allowed to leak out, and tnrnpd it into the paragraph which caused so rauoh commotion. Bessy swooned when she read it, her mind at once comprehending the dread ful probabilities of the Old Man having been garotted on bis road home, and perhaps thrown into the Yarra. The poor old foolish man. How dearly she loved him. All his little weaknesses were forgotten now ; she only rememherod that be was her father, the supporter of her infanoy, the fond parent of hor girlhood, who did evervtbing with a view to her ulti mate benefit, although fortune htd ruined all his prospects. And to think that perhaps she would never see him again until bis black and hideous corpse floated un that stream of horror, the Yarra. Of course there was a commotion. Tbe loungers had a little excitement all to themselves as the beautiful girl was oi rried up-era'rs. The other barmaids at once invented a romantic story whioh was eagerly accepted by their admirers. Ah ! woman how ohari table art thou to aught but thine own sex. The detectives had bean - at work all the evening. They interviewed the landlord of the Knavo of Trumps, but that sapient gentleman knew nothing. He believed eome gentlemen, amongst whom was Mr. Willis, had been having a' quiet gave — euohre or whist he thought— upstairs, at least the waiter told him so. He had gone to bed earlr- The waiter was equally innocent. He did not understand cards. They were playing some game. Mr Willis and Mr Stanley bad left together. The detectives interviewed Mr Stan ley. He was very agitated. Ail he knew was that be had parted with tbe Old Man near the Knave of Trumps, and had seen no more of him Of ooiirse the detectives could not imagine that Mr Stanley had anvthing to do with the affair. Mr Hubert Stanley, heir to the great Hugh Stanley 1 Never ! There the matter rested. The detec tives were under the impression that the Old Man had gone on the spree, elated at hie success, and would turn up in a dsv or two. Not so v i'h Bessy. She knew that her father had only one fault, his in tense passion for gambling. He had never stayed out for any other purpose Drink did not affeot htm very muoh ; indeed he alwavs steod it well ; it never kept him from home. Deep and earnest grew ber conviction that he had been mnrdered for tbe money which he had in his possession. that she would never see . him again alive. When ehe recovered, which was to wards midnight she was driven home, and left by the oabman on the steps of the old house. ' She was alone in the world ' No one knew or oarad for her now. Her father was dead ! Yes, there was one who cared for her. Blessed happy thought. It was suggested by seeing tbe moonlight streaming on the litt'e bush by the side of the gate. \- Ah! how things had changed since they two had stood by that gate, and he had whispered in her ear the tale of love! And yet it was onlv last night ! He loved her! He had nsked for her while she was lying insensible in the Handicap Hotel, and bad left a kind message, stating that he would see her to-morrow. Djar Hubert ! These thoughts enme inte ber dark ened soul like a glssm of sunshine into the cell of the prisoner in tbe Bastille. How she trembled as she opaned tbe door, and peered into the deserted sitting room-, She almost expected to see her father in his chair, to meet bis speotral form. There was nothing but glocm. She lit a candle hurriedly, and looked round with a frightened gaze. There was everything as ehe had left them this morning. Then she stole on tiptoe towards her father's room. Empty I The bed was as she had made it the day before. He was dead, and she was left to fight the cold world alone. Her slumber was fitful that night, phantem troubled; She blessed the dawn as it struggled into the room, and banished the awful spectres night had conjured up, Who that has been compelled to stay in a house whence wall known faces have fled, even under less painful circum stances, hut can understand poor Bessy's experience? Ah! it is a strange ex perience to sit in a house alone, where never more will echo the voice of one long our companion. In the society of her dumb com panions the' morning passed. . The fowls missed the filly, so did Tib and Rover, but, poor things they had their mistress and were satisfied. About nine o'clock, a dashing con veyance stopped before the house, and out stepped Hubert. The anticipated pleasure of meeting bis dear Bessy gave to his face a genial glow. He was touched to the quick when when he saw how pale and thin Bessy looked. Tbe trouble of the past few hours bad told heavily upon her, > Enfolded to his breast, neBtling in his bosom, 'strained to bis heart ! " Levo, 'tis a dream that wo have In life's gentlo dawn ; Bnt ore we note its bright hues For ever 'tis gone I" But neither thought of this at the moment. They only knew they were together ; that they loved one another. In his presenoe her eyes regained their brightness, her face its color. She wept over the lose of her father, but her tears were not bitter ; there was present one who would be more te her than a father; one who would leave kith and kin, and become " bona of her bone, and flesh of her flesh." Sweet dream i Ah ! what a eweet dream it is ! To think of two young creatures joined together, heart and soul, body and spirit, never to part, one to all eternity. How the thought has thrilled the heart of thejyonng ever since' Adam and Eve stood in the Garden of Eden, and em braced as husband and wife. There is an awakening from that dream, however, a rude and terrible awakening But God, in his infinite mercy, veils tbe future from us, and we cherish the delusions of tbe moment, looking upon them as eternal realities. He soon learnt that his parents had bought the place, and given notice to Bessv. " Don't let" that trouble you, dear one," said he; "I will speak to them at once, and arrange matters. And I think, Bessy, it would be best for yon to give up the hotel. I must at ones broach the matter of our mar riage." A shadow fell upon his soul when he thought of tbe possible difficulties that would meet him when he tried to make Bessy his wife. But youth is ever sanguine, and no Hill of Difficulty appears too high to scale in its eyes. It was time far them to part. Hubert was all a-flame ; his passion for Bessy had now become maddening. Hie hands were hot, his faoe burned, bis eyes gleamed with fire. It was becom ing dangerous. His love was too warm, there was b sensual taint in it that would have frightened Bessy had she perceived it. But to tbe pure all things are pure. After many a burning kiss they tore themselves apart: Hubert drove to the Handicap Hotel, and told the landlord Bessy wished to be released from her engagement. " To enter upon another," said the landlord, when Hubert went out, with a smile. " Well, she's lucky." Whereupon Miss Deoorah ventured to throw out various charitable hints reflecting upon the oonduct of young ladies of the present age, and Bessy in particular, and asserting that the en gagement speken of was the reverse of honorable. Women are very charitable creatures, 