THE MANUFACTOSE OF BRUSHES, /From the British Mercantile Gazetlt.J The manufacture of brushes occupies an important position amongst our industries, and possesses some very interesting features. THE "WOBKS AND 3HGWBOOM3 AT GBEAT MABI.- BOEOXraH-STBKET. The goods now manufactured at the Great Mariborough-street Works (Messrs. G. B. Kent and. Co.'s) may be classified under the following heads:—Domestic or household "brushes of the moBt complete description, •table-brushes, painting-brushes,. nailbrushes, hair-brushes of every variety, hand-mirrors, and ivory toilet requirements embracing some unique and most artistic specimens of i7ory carving to which we •hall have occasion to allude at greater length when we reaoh this special department. We may however mention here that the best ivory and which is moBt highly esteemed is that known as Gaboon ivory and is transparent and of a greenish tinge. That obtained from South Africa is much whiter and. quite opaque, and is of much coarser grain. We will now proceed to give our readers the benefit of the notes we jotted down during our tour through the various workshops, &o.; We must first premise that every process was most carefully explained to us by the foreman of each department, one and all striving in the moBt painstaking manner to give.us theraison d' etre for every one of the- numerous divisions of manufacture to which every article is necessarily subjected. 'The enormous quantity of bristles of ap- parently innumerable and distinct varieties stored in. the various stock- rooms, specially devoted tothisarticle, .was to us a surprise; although of course we'could form no idea of the quantity actually in stock and in the hands;of the operatives undergoing the different prooeaeea of manufacture. There is, of oonrse, a vast difference between the bristles used for brooms and for toothbrushes. How can we possibly convey even the most inadequate impression of the thou- 1 sands of varieties. Wesaw bristles in the . undressedor raw state in: "which they are imported;. L "We saw them also undergoing the numerousstages of dressing and. sorting; and the same stored ready for use according to their kind and qualities. The best and strongest bristles, come/from Russia,' Germany, and thevprovinces of Moravia and Wallacbia, and'.- the finest from Prance. English bristles are not jaow used at all for brushmaking. :- • One of the most unpleasant processes in -the whole 'manufactory is that of bristledressing, owing to the great quantity of dust given -off. B u t> we must say that every precaution is taken to obviate any noxious tendency therefrom. The 1 arrangements for effecting this are based on a sound, practical iosight into the question at issue. The sorting- room would be quite unbearable from the dust evolved if. arrangements were not made for carrying it off as rapidly as it is made. In this Toom the hair is first subjected to a combing process which separates it from the wool which is found mixed with it in the raw and undressed state. The next thing is to mix hairs bf different colours together so as to .make them of the uniform color which is observable in brooms, painting-brushes/ scrubbing, &c.;, the peculiar color of which is owing to the careful mixture of hairs of different coIouts, such as yellow, black, or grey,. Ac: The mixing is done with peculiar rapidity while being subjected to the final, combing process, during which/the last trace of any wool or dirt is extracted; After the mixing has beendone the hairs undergo what is called " dragging," which is done by hand, the object of this being to sort the hairs into different lengths, those generally used varying from three to seven inches. -We have said this is done by hand, and we should .explain how.. In front of the worker is placed a heavy iron gauge, showingthe number of inches; on one side of him is placed a quantity of undragged hair. He takes a bundle in his hand which lie shakes down from time to time on the table. These he grasps, in his left hand, and drags the longest hairs of one size out with his right hand ; and in a comparatively short Space of time this finds its way'to his other side, sorted into heaps of different lengths. Eaoh time the bundle passes through his hands a different size is drawn' out, practice having taught the worker how to gauge accurately the size, or length, with hi? fingers. The manufacture of brooms next invites onr attention, being. carried on in rooms communionting with the sorting departments. Brooms are made of two distinct materials. The narae9 hair-brooms and bass-brooms convey a sufficiently clear explanation of the materials employed to excuse any further definition beyond remarking that bass is also known in a commercial sense as Piassava, a well-known South American product. The i difference in , the mode of manufacture between brooms and brushes is known as drawn work and set work. The bristles in one case being drawn into the brushes with wire, whereaun brooms the hair or bass is set in with pitch. In the drawn work the : bristles are passed round brass or copper ' wire, and then drawn into the holes bored in the back of the brush. We shall have occa-. sioji to explain this process more minutely with reference to hair-brushes, tooth and nail, and other kinds of brushes in which this or similar methods are applied. Messrs. ! G. B. Kent .and Go. are famous throughout the world for every description of brush manufacture, a celebrity which, by-the-by, • has been growing through several generations, the firm having been established in 1777\. It will scarcely, therefore, be necessary, to .remind bur readers that the highest class of work in every department receives their special attention. We mention this, from noticing the thorough way in which all work is done and the excellence of the materials for every purpose which are employed. The men engaged in that class or description ot broom manufacture, which we alluded to us set'work, are seated round iron tables, in the centre of which is placed the pitch-pan beated -by gas-jets. The worker takes in his band a sufficient quantity, of bristles which be deftly and quickly ties round with a cottontbrum, and then dips into the melted £itch contained in the pan before him. Each -., yanlia provided with a number of partitions •' <ar "strikers*" against which the bunch of 't>ristles;on being withdrawn from the fan is : struck in order to remove the superfluous pitch. This bunoh is then set firmly into one of. the holes whioh have previously been bored.in the back of the broom. This pro- \- cess is repeated until all the holes are .filled up. Ttie department devoted to the production of sash-tools and painting-brushes Is possessed of great interest. For instance, in making a sash-tool or painting-brush, in which twenty-six different processes are involved, one man makes the brush from beginning to end entirely, during which the brush from one stage to another. passes through his hands that number of timeB. We have already made mention of the, preparation which the bristles undergo. We will, therefore, presume they have been brought into this department and given to each workman in various quantities duly assorted, according to their respective lengths, color, quality, &c.; The bristles for each brush are weighed. They aTe then tied up into bundles, and we were informed that this forms a very important point, as a great deal depends upon the way in which the bristles are tied up. The object chiefly aimed at being to get the darker-coloured bristles inside, and a row of lighter colour round on the outside, and to get the end of the bristles nicely rounded—longer from the centre than the outside. The handles, which have -already been made ready to receive them, by being cut out at the thickest end; then have the mass of bristles cemented in the notch. Cement of two kinds are used, one being harder than the other, according to the different kind of brushes. The final process is that of tying off, which is wrapping 'string round the handle and that part of the bristles united thereto, which is. done very quickly, the manner adopted being both ingenious and- secure. As we have mentioned twenty-six processes, but only alluded incidentally to a few, our readers will be enabled to form some idea of the numerous intervening processes. Painter's brushes are male upon an altogether different plan. In the first place, the bindings, which substitute the last process described, are made on blocks tapered in shape, and consist of a coil of string specially made for the purpose, with a metal band inside to prevent the brush parting in the centre-; the whole, in addition to being glued, is firmly held together by what is technically called vellum, consisting of flat copper wire. Some bindings for certain brushes are made entirely of copper wires : flattened to a shape peculiar to Messrs. G. B. Kent and Co., namely, an oval-ended brush with flat sides. The bristles are then tied up and cemented, and drawn half way up the binding, through the widest end; a: round block of wood is then inserted -antli secured by cement; the handle is then driven—while the cement is yet hot—rights through the brusb, pointed end foremost^ and held firmly in the wood block, the? cement setting and increasing the hold. Whitewash or distemper brushes were then introduced to notice. The bristles, after being weighed, are tied up in such a manner that all knots are of equal weight. The handles of these brushes are. made very differently : to those for sash tools or painters. One end being flat and broad, it is notched and slit in the centre, and also notched at each side to secure a perfect hold for the string or wire. The. bristles, which are already tied at a proper distance from either end, are then passed over the flat end of the handle to the required distance, which are then tied on, the slit and notches offering a secure hold for the string. This is additionally secured by cement, which is also burnt in to ensure all the bristles being well fastened. On leaving the painting-brushes and aashtools department we noticed with some considerable attention the manufacture of shav- ing brushes. The-badger hair employed for the finer descriptions is a very costly and expensive article, ranging indeed as high as 60s. per lb. The hair is tied up into knots to fit a socket {that portion of the shavingbrush which is made to screw and unscrew and fit into the other portion), to which it is cemented by a special cement of a very hard description. This hair for shaving-brushes is not cut down at all; a peculiar method is adopted of. finishing it off. Different lengths are used together, which are rounded off by a mould. .. ..... The class of bruBb which admi greatest variety is, we thihk, the h The different kinds of materials, forthebaoks/hamelyjivoryjbonel shell, and woods < of various kind many othersall.'are .capable treated in very. artistio -ways., brushes whioh we were shown provoked our warmest praises; the carving fcCsome of .them is moBt beautiful; indeed, all the specimens of ivory carving.which we saw in the department specially set aside to that branch, including napkin rings, paper-knives, cartede-visite and inedallion portrait frames, brooches, glove-stretcherS, and an infinite number of articles, suitable for . lady's boudoir, toilet-table* or dressing-ease. ' The machines used, in making the ivory brush backs are of very ingenious construction, possessing great nicety of detail. Of these we may enumerate the shaping machines, drilling machines, piercing machines, and finishing machines—by means of which the various divisions of work through which the backs have to pass are performed with the utmost, speed and regularity. In making a plain ivory brush, a piece of ivory is first selected, which is cut into slabs of various sizes and thickneBB. These slabs are again in their turn utilised, according to their especial suitability for various kinds of brushes. After selecting a slab bf the proper size and thickness it is cut into the shape of the back of the brush by means of the shaping-machine. They are then drilled and pierced, and finallyfinished off. This last process givies a fine bevelled appearance to the edges. After this they are sent to another department where the bristles are fastened in. "From thence they are sent to another room where the polishing and finishing touches to the complete brush are given. The manufacture of hair brushes, with wooden backs, varies in some of the leading details and is carried on-in another part of the works. The boards to form the backs of -the brushes are brought into the boring-shop in the rough, being merely pieces of wood sawn to the required size. These are then treated as follows :—The shape of the brush is first marked out with a pencil, and then sawn to the design.shown by the pencil with :a bow-saw. This is of coutbb entirely hand labour ; but it is done very expeditiously. One man does four processes, viz., the marking and sawing- out, the shaping and boring. The boring is sometimes-done by steam worked lathes, and at others by treadleditto. But in either case it is done very swiftly. This also is the case with other descriptions of brushes. . Eor instance, the carved handles of backs of crumbbrushes, which have to be bored in ouirsd lines, corresponding to their shape, are guided entirely by the hand of the operator. They are bored with a swiftness' and dexterity which is only obtained by long practice. Cloth brushes and many other kinds of brushes have all to go through similar processes. The boring for oval,-shaped backs—or spread backs as they are called— has to be done through a lead pattern oval in shape, which fits into the hollow woodwork. If this was not done the wood would; j split. Eachman finishes off the wood ready for the next process, viz., the drawing. He ' receives a number of pieces of wood, which p he puts through the same process at the j same time. First he markB the pattern or ' shape on them with his leaden model. Then he goes over them again, and cuts them out to one shape. Then he shapes them and finally bores them. A.great deal of time.is. thus saved by putting a number through the same process at one time. The holes in the broom head are drilled out by a very different machine to those. employed for the other brushes we have just mentioned, in faot it is worthy of record, that the machinery employed at Messrs. G. B. Kent and Co.'s manufactories is of the most varied description, every individual being specially suited to the class of work it is required to perform. We have now reached the boneworkers' shop, where the manufacture of nail-brushes ircarried on. Bullocks' , buttock bones aTe used for making the backs of these brushes. One bone produces three pieces for nailbrushes. These are then made into blocks, and planed out to a guage ready for drilling, then they change hands again, and are dealt with by the driller,: who puts the holes in for the wire drawing. The next process is that of graving, by which a number of grooved lines are made in the back of the brush corresponding to the lines of holes in the opposite side. The bunches of bristles arejfaatelhed to pieces of copper- wire, which aredrajjrn through the holes and along the g{^Jj||||Hines, and are then fastened off. T®s||iipde of securing the bristles is much iiipfhpr. to the old process of trepanning, adopted to a small extent. Inr IteaafSf yibe graving in grooved lines, holes are ;d^^^|engthways from the end, and the hris^^pfaifaped in with silk or cotton. - are drawn through, they are ag®s|brbught back to the boneworkers' sjipp forSthe backing and finishing stages.- These ^are of course varied according'to different styles and shapes. A speciality of "Messrs. G. B. Kent and Co. is their roach- |back nail-brush, which is formed by putting an extra piece of bone, curved in shape, on the back. The shape of the brush is much improved in appearance, being nicely bevelled and curved at the sides, by which means it,is much .more convenient to hold,- especially when the hands aTe somewhat numbed by cold water. We saw a nail-brush of this description made from beginning to end—from a piece of bone until it received the final polishing and trimming touches. Each brush passes through thirty distinct and separate processes. We must not forget to mention the arrangement for bleaching the finished brushes, which consists of a large air-tight chamber in the roof of one portion of the works, fitted round with Bhelyes. At night this.chamber is filled with brushes to be bleached. SulphuT is placed in a vessel heated with charcoal; the chamber is then closed up, and the fumea of the sulphuric acid evolved turn the bristles white, which are afterwards well washed and trimmed. Other processes, which space will not allow us to touch upon, are the methods in which paint-brushes, &c.;, are ground and scoured, and whitewash brushes singed. Another process is the manufacture of carpet or w bisk brooms. The material employed is Italian Tye-grass, imported direct from Italy, bleached and tied up in bundles ready for use. A number of bundles are tied together with stout cord. The stales are then inserted and nailed in. The bands and caps of red basil leather ornamented with , a gold border aTe then added, a few more nails are given, a few stitches added, d. A visit to show-rooms, es are stored d where we e very fineBt . Kent and ing-abn>lutely free from sand. The show-rooms are very handsomely arranged to set off to. the best possible advantage the valuable and wellassorted contents thereof. TH3 TOOTH-BRUSH TACTOBY AT "VICTORIA PAHX. In addition to the indispensable bristles the leg-bones of Bullocks is the chief material: employed, no ,other kind of bones being used. By means of a circular Baw bench, working in water to avoid, the dust that would otherwise be created, these leg-bones are cut up into, six pieces, and such is the precision and exactitude in this process, that a bono of the same shape and size, when cut up, would be found to reaemble in the shape and size of the various pieces any other given pieces of similar bones. The pieces are described as follows : Three pieces out of oach bone will make flat brushes, one bent and/one round handle; the .sixth piece is technically called common, and is, of course, treated accordingly. • The next process is that of planing, which is done as follows: —The piece of bone is fixed into a vice and is then planed by an ordinary plane. " Profiling" is the next treatment to which they are subjected, and is done by a machine which is called by that name. This process giveB to the piece of bone the shape of the tooth-brush, that is to say, the neck is formed, and the handle and head are defined. The next workman to whose care they are entrusted files off ihe square edges, 1 rounds them, and gives them a more perfect and finished form than they have yet re- , ceived. They are then scraped and smoothed to remove the marks of the file. The next process, and which so far is the most important, iB the drilling. Two different types of machines are here employed, one being a French invention and the other English.. In the French machine, which is more difficult to manipulate than the English, hence the reason for its not being «o extensively adopted, the work is kept before the operator, and is done with great ease j and rapidity ; and the holes aTe drilled with the nicest uniformity. Steam is the motive power, the ratchet arrangement at the back sends the rest (in which the piece of bone to be drilled is placed) along sideways just as the drill comes towards it and makes the hole. It is .returned back again for another Mir bjr a 'spring. The only hand IfcbOttf required being to guide the .rest forward: to receive the drill. The English machines, although; Requiring more ^attention frora the worker, and more labour on 'his part, aTe equally rapid, but they, possess a decided advantage too, as a much more varied class of work-canJbe accomplished by them, than the other machine, and it is equally suitable for oneclaBs of work as another, for a round brush or a pointed one. The process of graving Js that by which the backs of brushes are grooved, corres: ponding to the holes on the other side. This has either to be done with one or-four Or more saws (according to the number of holes and the shape of the back), for straight orlevel, or flat backs, a four-edged saw it employed, but where the lineB have to be curved according to the shape of the back- each line has to be'graved separately. OfcquTseit will .be understood that the saws we speak of for this delicate operation are merely miniature ones of that description known . as circular saws. Indeed all the machinery used by Messrs. G. B. Kent and Co. in the manufacture of tooth-brushes is of the moBt unique description. We must mention here (in order to be as accurate as possible) that several intermediate stages have been passed by the backs or stocks of the brushes, besides those we have mentioned, such aB polishing, &c.;, which is done in several ways, according to the advanced state of the stock or brush. For instance,, after being fashioned or profiled, the stocks are soaked for one night in turpentine to remove the animal grease, and in the morning they are boiled to remove the turpentine or any other stains. They, are then polished by being placed in revolving, cylinders or drums for eight hours—the friction one upon another, by the aid of a little fine pumice-powder, effecting this end. An additional polish is afterwards obtained by the application of leather and whiting. We must now accompany the stocks to the drawing department. This operation is performed 'by young women, and is a nice, light, clean occupation. The bristles are drawn by a wire composed of copper and brass, mixed so as not to rust in water. The operator, holds in her hand a quantity of 'bristles, which have been previously bleached and prepared; from these she. is constantly taking a sufficient quantity to make one of "the tufts of the toothbrush ; these she secures to the piece of fine wire, and draws into the hole .one- after another with as much rapidity an though" she Were sewing. Indeed the rapidity with which this was done, as well as the accuracy and delicate manipulation of the bristles, as she only selects each' time between her finger and thumb just sufficient from the heap held in her hand, seemed marvellous. The present plan of wire-dTawn brushes is a great improvement upon the trepanned, by which the bristles were only fastened by thread. After the bristles are drawn in and the wires fastened off, the next process is that of waxing, whereby the bristles are securely attached to the brush, but this process is again varied by the substitution of white cement for the red wax. The waxing is done in a very simple manner. The wax is kept melted in a pot over a gas jet, and the furrows of the brushes (previously dipped in hot water), through which the wires are visible,. aTe then filled with the wax which is rubbed in with a spatula. After the superfluous wax has been scraped off the backs the brushes are conveyed by means of a shoot to the ground floor, where they again undergo the polishing process, this time by means of friction, by being held against a revolving disc or wheel covered with felt. They are then thoroughly washed and dry polished ; once more they are sent to the female workers, who trim the bristles and finish them off with amazing oelerity, by means of scissors. One of the trimming operations is known as "serrating," each tuft of briatles being cut up to a point or slanted oh One side. There aTe many other kinds of finish and style which we have not time , to particularise. The brashes.are overlooked, checked, and examined several times during the various stages, and finally undergo a- very close scrutiny. The sotting, stamping, and boxing are important features, and should not be missed by us. Great attention is paid to the sorting. Messrs. G. B. Kent and Co. have the following grades of quality;—The best. quality only are stamped G. B. Kent and Co., the others according to quality, with one or another of the symbols indicated ; crown quality, elephant quality, star quality, and shamrock quality. They are then boxed and labelled and wrapped up, and iemoved at intervals to the Mariboroughstreet establishment, where they are placed in : their respective Tooms. On the roof an arrangement has been adapted for drying and bleaching the brushes {during the summer) by the aid of the sun. An idea of the manufacturing resources of Messrs. Kent and Co. at this factory will be gathered,. when we state that the weekly TetuTns average sixty to seventy gross. The production of over six hundred head of cattle is required to produce this quantity, for (as we have already stated) only two bones out of each beast can be utilised in the manufacture of the best class of work. Ivory is worked up in a similar manner to that in which' we have described the bones,' and therefore special mention is unnecessary. Extraordinary Digestive Powers — Tbe Riverine Herald says:—A somewhat' extraordinary instance of the digestive powers of tbe human/system has been reported to us by Dr. Gordon. He informs us tint a- woman named Mrs. Yeevers, residing at Nine- Mile Creek, lately consu'ted him regarding the illness of her youngest boy, of aboiii four years of age. Dr. Gordon, after learning tbe: I symptoms, prescribed a-strong purgative, and in a few days afterwards the woman brought him a large number of pieces of cork, portions of broken glass—svidently parts of: bottles and. tumblers—and several pieces of delf. each of . the pieces being from a quarter to half an inch in diameter, the whole being in quantity what is generally a - double handful, the whole mas* being the product of *be purgative. Dr. Gordon, like ourselves accepted the woman's statement for what it was worth"; -but-if-trnfl, we can only add— looking at the ..immense heap of debris which it is slated the t-boy had devoured—that bis digestive organs must be quite as powerful as j those of any ostrich. | Killed while Coastino.—A writer from : Meridsn, Connecticut, relates the following :— ' A terrible and fatal accident occurred recently in this city, while a party of thirteen persons were engaged in coasting. The people were }«66ttd oa Whit il kfiOWU ai * double tfppM. •ft was twenty feet long, and was constructed j for the ; purpose - of entertaining those seriously injuradj and was made very strong. The start/was made from the. top of BroBdstreet. The moon shone brightly, and the hill was a glade of solid ice. Several trip* had been mad<e, and the party, consisting- of young ladies and; gentlemen, were in great glee. Unfortunately on this particular downward trip the steering apparatus caught and refused to act. As the ripper approached Liberty-street, 'the steepest part of the hill at that point, the steersman was unable to manage the helm. ' With speed faster than an ordinary railroad train, the ripper was canted oh one side into the gutter, and finally brought up With a crash against the iron ; posts of a fence. William . MinchiD, aged sixteen years, was killed almost instantly, his head striking a post, cleaving it almost in twain. Dr. T. S. Rust, a dentist, had his head badly cut. Lina Woods, a girl aged seventeen, had a hip-bone" broken. Lilla Bacon had both eyes forced -from tbeir sockets, and will probably lose them. Addie Harvey, sixteen years of age, received internal injuries of a serious character. Hattie Coolie, sixteen, was hurt about the chest. None of the party escaped uninjured. The place where the accident took place for a. space of fifty feet was covered with blood. Drs. Davis, Newport, and Pitch were notified, and were quickly on the ground to tender assistance. Dr. Bacon, of New Haven, was also sent for, and arrived to-day. Miss Woods' injuries were found to be more serioiif than at first supposed. The last report states that she was unconscious. Miss Bacon's hurts are in the chest and abdomen, and. so complicated that the physicians are unable to decide whether or not tbe wounds are fatal. Miss Harvey is this evening in a critical state. Her head is fractured, her tongue swollen, and still bleeding. Dr. Rust, when conveyed home, became unconscious, and remained so for several hours. His head was literally covered with gore, and two ugly cuts were found on tbe scalp at the top of his head. The event has thrown sadness upon this entire community, and much sympathy is expressed for the parents of the dead boy and his injured companions.—San Francisco Bulletin.... A .Newstead Scandal.—The extremely quiet district of Newstead has had its serenity seriously disturbed, and the lovers of scandal had a ball to roll, which no doubt will increase in intensity the further it proceeds. So far as can be made out, the facts of the case—of. course, without embellishment— appear to be somewhat as follows:—A man named. Grant owns a piece of land somewhere in the neighbourhood of the pleasant village of Newstead, and had a tenant of the name of Butterworth residing in a house he had built on the said land. The tenant is a married mail, and kept a comfortable home, which proved attractive to Grant, the landlord, who is a bachelor. Some little time back Butterworth was sued by his landlord for arrears of Tent, and a verdict was given against him. Some month or so previous to this the tenant had observed something at home which- did not exactly Buit his book— he did not believe in there being two Eichmonds in the field. He gave his lodger notice to quit, but he would not go. Matters went on i in this way for some little time longer, till at last Butterworth determined to put suspicion beyond doubt, and a few days since he left his home in the morning to attend to his work; ; In the evening when he came home, instead of knocking at the door as was <his wont,: he quietly drew back the bolt of the window, and throwing it open, suddenly, jumped into the bedroom, and there saw confirmation strong of his suspicion. Grant bolted out of the house in puria naturolibus, closely followed by the' enraged.husband, who had picked up an iron bar to,.avenge his. honour, and with this he meant to kill his rival. In (his, however, he failed, as Grant was too fleet of foot, and concealed himaelf behind some bushes. The following morning the gay Lothario, nothing abashed, again appeared at the house of his inamorata, armed with : a loaded doublebaTrelled : gun, and calling out Grant tried his best to: lodge a ball in his bosom, but .being, probably unnerved .by the previous night's exposure/missed his mark,'and was rewarded with the observation that he was not a very good shot. : The aggrieved husband made his way to the police office, and inquired what he was to do in the matter. He was informed that he should swear an information, on which a warrant would be issued for the apprehension of the offending party. To this he objected. , What he wanted was a brace of pistols to shoot Grant, but this of course could not be granted, and he went away thoroughly J V 7 disgusted. T T a The T next day, however he came back, and the U TZ signed, a Ynd and Zthe m nnH police 8 W6 put r on T the ,track UP if^f of Grant. The. habitues of the police-court will j have an early opportunity of hearing the whole affair shortly. — Mount Alexander Mail. Expensive Toys. — Amongst' the guns seized by Colonel Sir L. Pelly, on the occasion of the arrest of the Guicowar. of .Baroda, were two miade entirely of gold, and two of silver. The former are said to have cost £30,000 each. They were covered with red silk cloth and were in charge of a speoial corps. Patience Rewarded.—An Ohio woman worked at odd times for nine years to piece a bedquilt containing ever so many thousand pieces, and then her husband seized it to blanket his mule,-and said'it saved him paying six shillings for an army blanket. Shocking Case of Burning a Child at Tobquay.—A shocking case of child'burning was brought to light at Torquay late on Saturday night,6th February..• About midnight information was given at the police-station of somBthiug having gone wrong in a room occupied by Elizabeth Ellen Ireland, who is" a widow about sixty years of age, and residing at Pitnlico, and who is also a fortuneteller. A tergeant of police and another constable immediately went to the room, and on gaining admittance found Mrs. Ireland lying on tbe bed in a very excited state. They asked her what was the matter; but she made no reply, and the officers then commenced to search the premises; On a chair close to a bed they found a parcel wrapped'up with an', old cloth. It was opened, and to the horror of the constables tbey found portions of the body of an infant, with the head and one arm severed. There was-a.-large fire in the roomv and'on its being examined' the bones of tfoe skull : were discovered to be still burning. ,„. They were taken ^ . out, . and ....... a medical ,. , man' wa< They -were taken out, and medical man was sent for, Who, efter *tt*miog tUm, efcriifi»d that they were the bore? of an infant. Thi woman was then taken: into custody, and charged with murdering the child and burning its body afterwards ; biit nhe made no reply. It is supposed that the child was sent to the woman to keep; but who h beloog.* to and from whence it came is at presents mystery. Prom indications in the rooiri it; is • believed that the body of the child had been concealed in tbe chimney for some time; but' how that tbe stench had become unbearable the woman took it down, and-commenced to dispose of .it. The inquest was Opened at the town-ball on Tuesday morning, before Mr. Coroner Michelmore. The evidence addoced was similar to the facts given above; but after the vroman's examination before tbe magistrates, and on her way to tbe cells, sbe said to the police-sergeant, " I will tell you the troth now. A young woman was confined in my house some montba ago. She was a-.servant; and tbe child, which was a female, was born dead, and' I have kept it in an inside room ever' 5 since: I had a little nephew coming to see mfe, and I put it in the oven because I knew he would be looking about ; and 1 that's the' 1 truth." ' Dr. Powell gave a description of, the body after he examined it; but he was unable to say, on account of its being so shrivelled, whether the burning took place during life. The appearances however-led him to think that it was done after. The coroner, after cautioning Mtb. Ireland, asked her whether she wished to give evidence. ^ Mrs. Ireland replied in the affirmative, and in the statement which she made corroborated :that which we give above. She further. added, however, " that last Eriday:she heard that the mother of the child had been drowned with a pleasure-party at. Teignmouth; and when she heard that,, she thought she had better get rid of the baby. She brought out the child from a room, and spddenly a red light came into the window like a ghost, and the place seemed to be all on fire. The earth shook under her, and. ihe people seemed as if they were falling one over the other.' - She could not tell whether she put the child on tbe fire or left in on the chair." The coroner then adjourned; the inquiry.—Bristol Mercury. A recent article in the San Francisco News Letter, on the South Sea Island scheme, concludes thus :—It is plain that the ooinpany wish to make New Zealand the emporium. of the Pacific and our merohants .may before long find a' powerful ^competitor for even the trade of the Sandwich' Islands. That it is an eminently wise scheme, we ata ready to assert. It is only second in importance to the great railroad and immigration polioy by which Mr. Vogel is fast making A nation of New Zealand. With accurate knowledge and a 'clear appreciation of what ire are writing about, we have little hesitation in saying that no part of the British colonial possessions is to-day blessed with a'more farsighted statesmanship than that long displayed by the very remarkable man who, by this scheme^' proposes to acquire the' com* mercial supremacy , of the South Pacific. Particulars of a- burning Of' a luoifer -match factory at Tidaholm, Sweden, by which sixteen lives were lost, are'contained in a letter received in Dundee, : Written by an eyewitness. He says sixty women and children were employed making matches, when in an instant some of the material caught fire, and six rooms were in flames. In a few seconds some of the poor creatures managed to escape, -but forty-three, many of them children, were literally roasted' to death. Of eighteen young girls who came to work at Tidaholm, no fewer than twelve perished, and their charred remains lie unclaimed by any one. Baron Essen, who is proprietor of all the lands and villages round Tidaholm, collected the inhabitants together after the fire, and conducted sernoe in the church, which was'crowded. Ihe scene was very painful.. The corpses lay .in a heap near by, and the weeping and waging of .the relatives we're, distressing.. Forty-six bodies were taken out of the ruins 'while the' . writer remained. Match-making is a prooMa especially dangerous in.Sweeden, as all tht houses are built of wood,. and when a fir* breaks out there is no'time 'to'save life to property. ; The London City Press reports that variou rumours have been set afloat' respecting Mr. Holldwsy'sintended gift to the publid. The faols| are however,-as follows Mr. Holloway is now building at St. Ann's-heath, hear Virginia Water, an institution to be called the Holloway sanatorium for mental disorders, at the probable cost of £150,000.. This institution is intended for patients of the middle class, and is to be self-supporting. Plans are also being prepared for & ladies' university to be erected on the Mount Lee estate; near Egham, 'which'Mr. Holloway has recently purchased. F It is expwtedthat wf, 1 be upwardflof £ 200^00. and » ^^ed i that^he mu educatfon • r sG . bs , of bp en^J^dL umverszty w not to i The Japan Herald gives a translation of a proclamation on the subjeot sufficiently conclusive as to the completeness and rapidity of the transition from adulation to insolence and disrespect The prefecture of police of Tokio has addressed the following circular to all. the cTw of Japan: —" Any person in European costume meeting his Imperial Majesty will be obliged to salute the Emperor by holding his hat under his left arm, and lowering his right hand to his knees. Those who do not wear a hat will be obliged to lower both bands to the knees "while bowing before the Emperor." . The present absurd. headdress in use by the members of the volunteer force has at length attracted the attention of the military authorities, and a board has been appointed to consider and Tecommend the best headdress for use among the volunteers, especially during the summer season. It is more than probable that the Indian custom will he adopted, and a tobee or light helmet be recommend by the board. The subject is one of great importance to the force, and it is hoped that some decision will be " arrived at before the next hot season sets in.— Melbourne Argus.' Some maHbipus parson asserts that the letters M.D., which are placed after physicians' name.*, signify " money down." " Wliere a woman," says Mr. Partington, " lias been married with a congealing heart, and one that beats desponding to her own she will never want to enter the marilimestate again." .v.- - ;..;•...-•...' .-.. A wag, on seeing his fnend with something under his coat, asked him what it was. ""A. P orii » r ' 1 " answered he. But he observed that it was aboule. 'liking itfromhim.and drinking tbs contents, he iitornVdit ittte. " Tbsw" I give you KsbWrd fetf 