TALES AND SKETCHES. ALL FOR GOLD. A CHRISTMAS GHOST STORY. (Concluded) Frank Underwood, Esq., once the peasant youth, bow the wealthy manufacturer, sat,at the head ol his own table in his own dining-iouiii. Around him were a crowd ol sycophants, male aud lemale. The master ut the l uo>e «as carrying on a pleasant flirtatioil with an ogling, painted beauty. Ere the miller could speak, the village tras .belore him again. He stood on the same spot where be had seen the,lovers Only a few minutes before.' "Alice, grown ioto womanhood, was there—alone with her sorrows. l ., ..',' '* 1 saw him, liut he never heeded me. He turned from me in scorn, and the doori I will never go again. Now that he is rich, it is not likely he can love a poor girl like me. No one loves me now. Tired ol askiug tue to accept the hand of Mr James, father scarcely speaks to me save in anger; and when poor, dear mother died, she would uot have her broken-hearted Alice near her." Thus,, between sobs and tears, ipokc the iteauiilul Alice, as sh elided -slowly past the miller and his unearthly guidr". "Poor soul'! "God forgive me!" exclaimed Fratik, on his knees. Take me away ; 1 can see no more, l'nrgoiug mad!" almost shrieked llio old man. " i loved her again—I did, 1 did 1" he continued. Once more the scene changed. They were within the walls of a prison. Frank Uudcrwood was in a debtor's gaol. By his side stood Alice. " 1 could not desert you when 1 heard you. were in distress, although you drove me Irom you in your prosperity," said the girl. The man groaned audibly, and big tears were in his eyes. " I repent—I repent! but 'tis useless now. You can never love me again. You can never torgive me." " I can !" said the girl. " You caunot love a prisoner, a bankrupt, an-outcast from society." "Ah, you know not a woman's heart! I can love you now more than aver, if that were'possible. Can you love Alice again ? " I can—but 1.have said so before and.proved false to you. I hate myself; I am wretched; miserable, mad. Go home, J pbor ; girl, go home !'' said the man, in terrible accents. " 1 shall soon have no home, except •in heaven. This visit to you, which has cost me a day and a night of hard walking, may Tobine of Ti last spark of a father's -. love; > 'J'tii&k; of your younger days1 Think of your promises 1" " Think !" said the girl, looking earnestly into the prisoner's face. " I do, and am mad with remorse 5 but I tnayyet atone." At this moment a turnkey bade Alice depart. " Stop, stop 1" cried the miller. " I loved her—I loved her then—I meant to atone. Let her know that, at least," he said j but the prison aud its occupants vanished. Once again the village appeared, It was a cold wintiy night The snow was on the ground. No living form, save that of a woman, was visible. '• 1 cannot bear it," said Alice, as she hurried by the spot where the miller and the ghost ware standing. " Driven from home, footsore, disgraced by the tongue of scandal, weak, cold, houseless. It is too much for me; and how do I know that lie will ever love me agaiu 1 Oh ! no, no ; 1 am going mad," "U«1 will — he does!" cried poor old Uniierwood, the miser miller. Follow her, and see still more of the effects of riches. Go, man, and see Jhiiie pivn handiwork," said the ghost; and the miller hastened after the wretched woman. The noise ol the Old Umok was heard in the distance, as it fell Imm' the mill- dam an'i marod beneath tlu> water-wheel. Lnoder and lo >dei been me the noise ol the inri-i-tr. Nearer and nearer approached Ui. woman towards the river _ " I could save her but lor this horrible load," cried the miller, satisfied of her wild intent. Take it away —take it away !" he shrieked; but the demon sat still more heavily upon him. The ghost was by hie side to taunt and to warn. " 3 Tis the cold you dug out ol the common'. You'll want it 5 gold is your idol, old man. 1 ' " Not now—never again,'' shrieked ihe tniller. " 0 Heave 1, remove this weight ?" They \vefe now close to the mill- dam. A "Irani <•( moonlight played upon the river. The water-wheel clicked in solemn regularity. Old Uiider>vood was within reach ol the Hying uiuiden. He put out his hand to save her—once iuo'ie liis load of riches dragged him to the ground. Save her! oh, save her! dear, dear Alice!" rang out over the waters ; but the Old Brook had received the suicide, and the mill-wheel weal round, and the water rolled on as before. " Take away the weight! it burns me, it picices my heart—I am dyiug M ercy ! mercy !" cried Frank. " Wliyj whatever's the matter, Mr Underwood ?" cried Sarah, his housekeeper, who had just returned from an evening visit, and found her master lying on the floor gaspiug for breath. •' Whatever have you been doing, sir ? " she said, as she pro ceeded to lift him up. " Oh, Sarah, Sarah—where am I ? Take off the weight—take it off!" cried the terrified miller. w hy, you re where I lelt you, sir. Dear-a-me, where do you think you are ?" Light the candles; but don't leave me," he said, seizing her by the arm. "I'd sooner be poor Sarah Maggs than Ticli Mr Underwood, after all," thought Sarah. The candles lighted, Frank shook himself, pinched himself, s oud up right, sat down, walked, stamped, and went through -other similar investigations into his physical position, and at last came to the conclusion that he had been released from the ghosts-—for he would never believe that he had only been dreaming. Perhaps it was all ihe better he should discard the dream, and adhere to the more terrible idea that he had been in ghostly company .; for from that moment he became a different man, and he has now the credit of being the best and most hospitable landlord in the neighbourhood. The year after he went out with the ghosts, he built that fine house on the hill yonder, where Christmas now brings some of its happiest moments. The genius of Christmas Past presides there, bringing every year its sirloins ol beef, its pies and puddings, its capons, its turkeys, its geese, its wassail bowls, its yule logs, and its thousand other good things, all to the big house of the old miller. The reat festival is observed in every deail, and there are little presents for ll who call there on Boxing-day. A handsome tombstone has arisen over the grave ol poor Alice Martin, five miles above the dam ; and every Christmas Eve an old .man is seen in the churchyard, some ;say upon his knees. Old Sarah knows that there is a great deal or truth in the report; for ever since that evening when she found her master in such a terrible fright, Frank Underwood, the miller, always quietly disappears for several hours on every successive Christmas Uve. The white mare and the wellkoown phaeton may invariably be seen tetbered in a by-way near the turnpike, waitiog for their greyheaded owner when the bells arc ringing in honour of Christmas Eve. 