CONSEQUENCES OP THE LATE STRIKES IN AMERICA. In tlie iNew England States there were never so many men out of employment since manufacturing was first carried on there. In Rhode Island there never was before such an appalling depression in all branches of industry. Vast mills and iron works are silent and motionless, which not long ago employed thousands of workers. In Mas sachusetts and Connecticut affairs are nearly as bad, and none of the great factories are working up to their full capacity. There are thousands of idle men and women j everywhere, and they are unprepared for the bitter winter that is approaching. The working population are not more than half employed, and those who are receive only reduced wages. The condition in Penn sylvania is frightful. In the mining regions, the scene of the late strikes and riots, there is universal distrust and demoralisation. Thousands of miners, with their wives and children, are reduced well nigh to beggary, and have no means of improving their con dition. Very little coal is being mined, and there is a great falling off in the business of iron smelting. Half the anthracite furnaces car works, rolling mills, foundries, and machine shops have suspended, and there was never such numbers of unemployed men as at the present moment. The middle States seem to be in a business stupor, and in the West idle men are to be seen on every hand. The whole country is full of tramps —of desperate men forced by absolute hunger into the highways, and compelled to robbery and deeds of violence. The inter ference of local authorities scarcely de creases the number, and they remove from place to place, begging, stealing cr firing buildings, so that, the farmers in many dis tricts live in constant dread of them. There never was a time of depression like the present, nor a time when so much capital was withdrawn from business. Money was never so plenty, but it was never in so few hands. The few have it all and the many none. Money is a drug in Eastern cities at rates of interest never before known in this country—even as low as 2 per cent, per annum—while tens of thousands are idle, starving and desperate.—San Francisco j Chronicle. j A Negro's Feet.—In this town there is an , old lymphatic negro who has wonderful large feet and is always ready to take a rest. One day, while lying upon the cabin floor slumbering, with ms feet presented to a glimmering fire, he opened one eye a little, and getting a glimpse of the dark objects, he mistook them for two little negroes, and cried out, " Get fum fore me, I say! kick you in the fire if you don't—I will, shuah !" and again he snored. His dreams not being pleasant, he finally opened his eyes, and still seeing "the pests, he drew up his feet for the threatened kick, but alarmed to see the enemy advance upon him, bellowed out, " Wha-war you comin' now P—Go way dar!"—Augusta (Me.) Sentinel. Josh Billings has become sentimental on the honey bee. He sent the following to the last spelling bee in his locality:—" Thehunny bee is about 10 times the size of the hous fly—I never meazured them—they won't stand still long enuff, but i think i hav got their dimenshuns about right. If i hav made a blunder in this matter, i am ready to repent and be forgiven for it. Hunny bees are built with a sting, which is quicker than a ghost when a good bizziness chance offers 5 but i never knu one to use it just for the devilry of the thing. Hunny bees have a queen, but never a king; this is a kompli ment to the sex, and iz an argument for * Wimmin's Rights.' I luv the hunny bees bekauze they -are allwuss bizzy, and hav a stinger allwuss hot and reddy for the lazy." The following inscription was recently found on an unclaimed bonnet-box at a railway station: " This box contains my very best bonnet; So, porter, I pray you, put nothing upon it. It is made of ribbon, a rose and a feather, With crimp lace and velvet to hold them together. " Well I always make it a rule to tell my wife everything -that happens." " Oh, my dear fellow, that's nothing !*' replied his friend. " I tell my wife lots of things that never happen at all." Holloway's PiXiiiS. — Enfeebled Ex istence.—This medicine embraces every attribute required in a general and domestic remedy; it overturns the foundations of disease laid by defective food and impure I air. In obstructions or congestions of the i liver, lungs, bowels, or any other organs these Pills are especially serviceable and eminently successful. They should be kept in readiness in every family, as they are a medicine without a fault for young persons and those of feeble constitutions. They never cause pain, or irritate the most sensi tive nerves, or most tender bowels. Hollo way's Pills are the best known purifiers of the blood, and the best.promoters of absorp tion and secretion, and remove all poisonous and obnoxious particles from both solids and fluids.- ' 