POLIOE -STORIES HY W. w. , EMMA I'.iilrilri-VN'S GHOSTS SSSU!iwf««»,s" and I am point: lo f'-" bo.w. rab introduced how:' f to my, ne.qnnininnce anu with \ybnf ev.-tijua' c/ev - quimces to herself Bbc practised her oi ijpinl'.tius, A eood rii G\v i\r n./o now there was n house in North M.-l'xmrno tbat remained empty consi.h-rahly .hmc-r thnn suited the proprietor. M first t-c pi-ohable cause of its remaiuin;- euipty was :ac fact that, being built for tbc wcwfaU-w of a mail of means, the rent was luo hi :Ii for the persons whose business led Ih- m tn llvn ill such a noigh- bourhood. Ami then niu fu bit. when it he- canto he it .'<! sueli « ruinous damp look that it grew daily less attractive, and at lust wind :rii up, it gamed the charactcrof being haunted. Doubtless it< n'-ie'il.erliood to the old cemetery eoutrihui-.i wunewbat to this latter report, which rihi-l tho owner beyond measure, hoi at I .-en 1- was obliged to ao- knowledce tlmr lh-m v.v.< snmothing in it, for more than a'l-'-"" P- rnons had, at diffe rent times teen mid Iveard unaccountable sights and m i-'' ='""« 'hn, ">'J ; nnd at last he. gave in ami f night tbo assistance of tho-polioe iu the in , Iter. Tho kevs being' linn dad over to the ser geant, anil. Ill o.l'L"-': being placed under'closo police siiporvi-iio.i. it happened that I was tho first man laid oil '« enter on this new duty. ;I was nut at that time on duty in that ' neifbliouri.' o d, tail 1 wad selected and sent there from mii:v real or fancied suit ability of character for the job. " You quite, un- tei-stund' said the sergeant to me finally " that you are lo mako all inquiries without. Melting anyone suppose that you have mote than a personal curiosity to gratify Ghoste otc nil humbug, you know, nnd if tho villinns who are up to this game find out that the police hove taken it in hand they "will chouse us out of it." It was a summer afternoon that, I first made acquaintance with thu houso nnd Emma Brigdcn. It was a large two-storey, wooden house standing in a pretty middling sized garden, which gnrden was only separated from the old cemetery by a sort of lnne. There is no such house in existence now, for it has long ago been taken down and its site thrown into the street. In the lnno I hnve alluded to stood a small tumble-down cottage, the corner of which was closo against the garden fence, and the door of which faced the cemetery. I noticed this cottage as I rambled in a desul tory. policeman like manner, townrd the cemetery nnd pretended to be leaning over the old fence and trying to read some of tho old inscriptions on the odd looking -wooden " headstones" that faced it. Moving along carelessly in this way I got quite near the little rickctly lnokiug btiildiug and at the open door I saw a girl of about fourteen, with a simpering smile on her face that plninly invited communication. She was rather pretty, with n fair skin nnd yellowish, bright hair ; but her gaudy, tasteless dress, spoiled her. " Ain't you afraid to live so near the cemetery f" I asked, ns I lounged against the fence opposite her, for tho lane or rond was narrow. " I don't know," she said, moving from the door nnd nearer to me, as if afraid some one would hear her. " I usedn't to be, but since the ghost has been going abont I am sometimes frightened." " What glio9t 7" I asked, laughing. " Oh, you needn't laugh I it's true enough, for I seen it myself." " Good gracious I tell me all about it. I didn't know thoro were any ghosts now-n- days." " Oh yea, in cemeteries there is," she re plied, with a wise shake of the head. "No one will livo in tho big honso thore, and not see me, and I climbed over the fenco in there's all sorts of noisc9 there of a night. I order to havo a good look at tho premises, daren't go up to hear tbem, but I tell you I Opening tho back door with some difficulty seen the ghost with my own eyes two nights as tho key did not seem to work well in the ago." l00k, I went inside— my stops sounding " What was it like ?" hollow enough in the empty houso to suggest "A woman all in white. You see, father's any number of gliosis ; and I went over tho night watchman at Merrick's, and the night rooms, thore being eight or nine of them, nforo last I was near goin' to bed without without finding anything suspicious or un- leaving a bit of bread for him when he came ennnv. home, before ono of the shops was open ; so Our orders were to watch the house, and I ran up to tho baker's for a loaf, I got find out if any imposition was being prnc- back, and was just goiDg to shut tho doer, tised with regard to spiritual appearances when I seen it." nnd unaccountable noises, bnt I determined "Where?" to commence my share by watching Miss " Rising up behind that grave under the. Emma herself. So on that very night after the tree, nnd it came on right through the my duty wns done, nnd my Eiipper fences and lip the garden there, till it went swallowed, I returned to the vicinity of tho right into the old house. I don't liko old cemetery, and planted myself where I Btopping by myself at night, but father could have a view of my young lady 8 won't let me have any one with me." window and door. " And nre yon nil alcne hero of a night ? I did not go very early, for of course No -mother or brothers, or sisters?" ghosts are not in the habit of promenading " No, I never had no brothers, orsi6ters, nnd until living people arc or ought to be in mother's dead." bed. I daresay it wns ten o'clock when I The girl's position stated thus wns pitiable, took up my station, nnd at thnt hour there and yet I went away with a strangely bus- was a light in the watchman's cottage, picious idea of her in my mind. Sbe bad I waited a good hour bofure tho light was bucIi n cunning look in her pale blue eyes, ns put out, and then I was rewarded by seeing if she were watching the effect of every word gome female figure emerge from the door she uttored, as made a very disagreeable im- and dart townrd the fence of the big houso. presBiou on mo, and thnt impression deepened "Come," thinks I, "I'm on tho track of ns I thought more about her. something nt all events," nnd I followed. I rensoncd in this way. She must be a girl keeping in the shadow M the fence until I out cf the ordinary run of girls entirely, to got to the part of it overhung with shrubbery, willingly spend her nights alone close to tho and there I jumped over, burial ground, where she could seo from her Thcro wns a nearly full moon, hut the sky window tho gloomy headstones like spirits was cloudy, and a light wind wns making guardiug their mortal remnius beneath, Ac- a rustling of leaves that hid nny sounds that cording to her own words she had no fear might hnve intimated to me the young lady's until the " ghost" turned up, nn'd ns I knew whereabouts. Stnnding in tho shadow, how- very well that there was no ghost, nnd thnt ever, and peering-rouud to catoh a glimpse some one was, for purposes of their own, of her somewhere, I was soon gratified with terrifying the neighbourhood, I thought thnt a sight of the " ghost" in -propria persona. cunningly watchful eye of Miss Emma's Dividing tho garden in two parts wns a most suspicious. broad grnvcl walk, which gravel walk wns Thinking all this I went around to tho in full view of tho upper windows of several other side of the garden where the girl could not very distant tenements, nnd down this walk, with tho now bright moon shining fully upon it, n white shrouded figure moved stately and slow. . Several times it went from gate to back door, nnd near tho hack door i crept, when I saw it tended thither ward. .IT At last, after performing what I suppose was the usual parade, Miss bums, for it was no one else, tossed tho sheet upwn on the ground under a bush, and piiBhea tho now open back door into tho house, follow ing herself into the pnssagc. If I had been nn instant later I should not hnvo seen n bright light streaming lip from what afterwards proved to be tlie_ cellar, or heard the frying of meat and the jolly lnugh of half a dozen lads, of whom I just got a peep as she opened the door and stooped tp sec the occupants of tho place below. "All right lads, its only me. . , I'll bo down in a minute when I put nwny my winding sheet I" Ha, ha, ha, what n jolly lark I Oh, that smells fine I" and she turned to moot her own " winding sheet" twisted around her head as I tried to seize her without disturb ing licr pals. I did't succeed tliongh, for such a wild cat I never dealt with in my life. It whs nB much as I could do to hold licr, and in spite of me she mnnnged to shout a warning to tho boys. Run lads" she cried, " a bobby's got hold of me I But there's only one — come nnd settle him I" but the lads satisfied them selves with dashing out the lights and scour ing their own safety, lenving tho fair and frail Emmn a enptive in my hands. She was sentenced to three years in the reformatory, nnd a more hardened young rip I should be sorry to encounter. Tho in formation nB to the young villinns, haunt in tho old house wns only got out of her by brnvndo, nnd sbe used to laugh in our faces ns to the way the lnds and she gulled tho people about tho ghosts. Tho fact of the cellar having been a homo for half a dozen young thieves for a considerable time was proven beyond doubt, though we did not succeed in arresting nny them at that timo. Several years had passed heforo I bentd or saw anything of this nminblo young lady again, nnd I had forgotten all about her. I was doing duty In East Melbourne on tho night when I resumed the thread of hor story, arid in this way. At that time thcro was n corner house, in a a Inrgc gnrden, which was tho Jnst in tho Street, at ono side of it being a bit of waste ground long since -built over. In this house lived aMiss Comptou, an old lady, noted in Uic neighborhood for her oddity, but who, in reality, wns a truly charitable nn'd good woman, wealthy enough to afford spending a good lioni on the poor. I Oil the evening in question I had paused ! nt or near the gate of this house, nnd wns I about to turn back nn my beat when a ser- I vnnt appeared nt tho gate nnd heokoned me. ! It wns a qunker .ike girl with n close prim- looking cap on, nnd an nir prim enough to match the cap. " It you please Mis9 Compton says would you step in for a few miuutCB_; she wants to speak to you." Of course I went in, tho girl stopping before mo very demurely, hut for nil licr domurcness she had taken care that her drab colored dress should fit as closely ns though it had been of a brighter color and thnt hor crimped cap should show n good deal of glossy bright fair hair. She showed mo into n pleasant parlor where the old lady was sitting by tho fire comfortably enjoying an early ten. She wns such an agreeable looking old lady that tho sight of her wrinkled face was far pleasanter than that of many a you eg and what would he called handsome woman. " Can yon spare me a few moments, officer ? Ah yon can; well I'm very glad. Jane, pour the officer out a cup of tea, it will do him no harm this cool evening, nnd put him n chair at the other side of tbo' fire. I'm not going to detain you, you know; I can nslc your advice while yon drink your i i®'1; ho/net of it is, nnd on mv word t | feolshy of telling Jano's trouble nnd mine it , seems so ailly, but there is a spiriteai L poaranee in this house, and I can't got Pa | girl to slop with mo." s M a " Do you mean a ghost, ma'am" I asked in . groat astonishment at meeting with such un expected business. Q | " Well I aupposs thatis what a supernatu. I ral appearance is commonly called" she an ewcrcd wita a smile " Now rm „ Btitioiis oM woman, yet I am too fuDy'cerl tain of our Maker a power to doubt that he fa abte if Ho is willing to send hero a visiten? from the othor world, Tho question I want to ask you is this Was a great crime ovm committed in this house that has coma under tho cognisance of the police ?" " Not that I am aware of, Miss Comni-. What sort of appearance does your spiritual ' visitnnt put on ?" ' spiritual " Now you are laughing at us foolish wo. men but I assure you it is true. Ihnvn seen it myself and nothing would induce mo to go to tho baok part of tho house where it is always seen. Jano has seen it aevX.1 times, a tall female in white, it appSg £ "A tall female in white." As I rennnioj those words I lifted ray eyes from the cupof .ten I hold in my hand nnd met the nirt'o eyes ns she stood behind her mistress Th very instant I saw those pale blue eves mifu the old look of cunning watchfulness in' tbem bent on me I recognised Emma Brigdcn But I sipped my tea and munched mv W cftlco nnd mado no sign, J oc t There wns a ring at the front door bell this instant that gave me the opportunity t sought. "Jano went to open the door nn,i left mo alone with Miss Compton. " I want a word alone with "you if please ma'am," I snid putting down mvem t cup nnd getting on my feet. » piea/ some excuse to get the girl out of h,„ 'M for a few minutes." WaY To be continued.) 