y 8 AND EVENTS. f reasons against the forfeiture amr?don erickstetr certainly display r .nterprios than most of those in other setrict. They went in a special coach to orr?g?rra on aiturday last, and will arrive in Colac by special coach to.morrow morn. ing. Play will commence al 12 o'clock noon. The Sons of Tenmperance announce that they will hold a meeting at.the Oddfellowa' Hall on Saturday eeng.. next, the 6th brought forward. The Ondit folks are determined not to be behindhandin the matter of telegraphic com. munication. A meeting is advertiL to be held at the Temperance Hall, Ondit,' of the Farmers' and Tradesmen's Association to consider the matter -of railway deviation t Boachier's Hill, and also for the purpose of takingitps to have a. railwray, station at osdit. Wall done, Ondit. We beg to call attention to the Polwarth sad South Grenville Agricultuiral Society's adjormed aninual meeting, which i adver tised totakepl eatiKinarie'a Victoria Hotel en Monday arteisnoon next at 3 o'clock. A full attendance of member. is requested., The near approach of St. Valntine' d?k I skready heralded by ou Ieoal stoeikeepers, whose windows ooitain a delightful shoiw of tender missives euch as hearts on grid. Ir us, ; , iand i also-many' others of a arcatic" nature,: many of thei being hideous earicature. We suppose; that the "old, old otory" willa'e repeated this year, as it had been .before, aid will'be zio doubt again ta the end of thechapt -er lnobmen in :this colony are 'not . such savages as people. often try- to make-out. Wf hear4 otone eplittc' this , seo, av .fell cw-wotmuai's (u -, Oc [1groIlund f -or oe Coae Cricket Club by the members on.Saturday last between sides chosen by Messrs Calvert and Greene, the former proving victorious. A meeting was held on the ground after the match, when it was decided to reduce the annual subscription from 1 Is to lOs. This isi a step in the nght direction. Messrs Heamrn and James Oalvert were elected members of committee in the place of Messrs Swindley and Bluhn den resigned, in consequence of leaving the listriot. . We are informed tlhat a very lanrge bush fire is raging near the Barwon, about three miles from Birregurra. Last ilight the tops of:the t.rees were' plainly: visible from the road. This afternoon a very large fire was blzing away .near Mr E.. Shealian's pal dock, near Tarnalla Deise xvolhndes of smoke were to b.e seen hioverin; aboitt the towniship in conscquence of it. This fire Iroke out in Christia's piaddoccioni Saturday last, and has bcun lurniig ever an a. * The Cc w~il meed of the If will Colic ZJilliad; P. Tatte, Q{; Thle ?g constable Erid l Ithbnbb lcl c forterya since. )i To-morrr Societyiia Conatablo ing up' tlits enorgeticay log as wt1 etteondl. fr:: Ifail being in intinsi- t- yeYoar Me bourne is tile m n.; nor, with Haricot second, and last year'n winner, the game little M'Callum Mohr,t third. *'A telegram was received by the. Govern ment from Londonon Monday, (says the A ge), stating that arguments had been concluded ini the Mount and Morris case, and that the court had reserved judgment. The case was fully argued on both sides, so that the judg ment of the court when given will set at rest conclusively a point that was of political as well as legal importance. Dr. M'Gauran it has been decided shall cease to be connected with the Government service. The board appointed to inquire into his conduct in regard to Gunner Dagwell's death acquitted him, but the Government have decided to abolish his office, granting him compensation. At the Acheron, Alexandra district, a bush fire has been burning during the past fortnight. The thick, impenetrable scrub has been cleared away, and in one place has disclosed a rich reef, with lots of specimens lying on the surface. The ground has been pegged off and registered. The Brisbane Courier states that tidings of more disaster and loss of life come to us from the new El Dorado. Recently the Government had boats constructed, and placed at the crossing-places of the several rivers along the line of regte to the Palmer. Yesterday the Colonial Secretary received a telegram from <Mr St. George, stating that of the two men in charge of the boats at the crossing of the Laura River, one. (named .Blair) had been killed by the blacks, and the 'other badly wounded. - The savages'had re i mained masters of the situation. but as thd again, l native police had been despatched :to. thah The lolid spot, we trust they have, ere this, effectuallyfi and MlrsI dispersed our black brethern. . h A second warrant has been inesed againet The boys Mr Cruden, charging him with embezzling af and admi cheque for £500, the property of Mr Thomas was accoi Spenoer, at Rochester, whilst in the capacity' charged a of manager of the Union bank there. On( SMonday (says,. the Bendigo Indepeidennt) Ghosts; Detective Alexander arrested Mr Cruderiinr mostly ii Sandhurst about midday and. had him! the past,i'charged before the Bench at the police[ even moecourt. The case was, on Detective Alex. otartled v ander's application, remanded to Monday near the h next, bail being allowed, in 'M Oruden's priate tii personal reoognisanoe of £100, and two clothed in sureties of £50 each.. It. was stated' that Scott's par Mr Oruden came to Sandhurst with the in females flO tention of giving himself up, and tha- h passed izi forwarded the particulars as to where he was Dunstan stopping to Detective Alexander, who then tor from . arrest him. - consciou. The G-ipps Land Times states that the be restore survey for the middle section of the Gippe bencathi Land railway is finished. The quantitieo be but th, will have to be taken out, and it is expected assure o1 that the plans will be ready for tenders to alone andi be called hbout March. Dun? n . Attention w?s recently drawn in our p ax. columns (ays Wednesday's Age) to the fact. oro some s that there were a number of sovereigna in a la Tom circulation which had been ingeniously re. hi m duood by .one of the prooesee of " aweat= the pl.loso ing "-viz;' by the employment of mercury t i and other chemical agencies. Yesterday The follomorning a man named Joseph Isrel was been filed jarrested at his reeidence in Carlton by Detec nrsician, Itivees Hartney and Christie on -a charge of d ; assets; ttering the light sovereigns alluded to, and muw.-iiA which are now bein largiely circulated. The is about twenty grains, and the detectives have a number of them in their poseeseion which they believe they can trace to Israel as the atterer.. They also believe that they can prove where he sold the gold taken ott the coins. The polioe wish any persons in poseeeeion of light sovereigna;who can trace where they received them to communicate with the police. When Israel was brought before the City.Court yesterday, Detective IHartney, in applying that the case might be remanded for a week, stated that between the Ilth and 14th inst., 1 oz., 19 dwt., 6 gr. of 22 carat gold had been sold by the prisoner. He stated that Israel was at present a traveller in the employ of Mr Soloman, who keeps a fancy repository in Swanston-street; that he was not long ago released from gaol after having served a sentence of four years for forgery, The remand was granted, bail b e in g re fu.ed . . - - . -A sudden ollapoe of.alarge wheat store at Port Pirie is thus reported by the S. 'l. Reqister :-Os Saturday morning,: the 23rd January, Mr Horner had occasion to go to the store about 9 o'clock, and while standisg on the platform he heard an ominous crack ing, and feeling the buildiig.lreing for ward. he sprang away, reahed terrtafrun eafely, and turned round to .se hi, ,fiiine bhilding, cotaining 4,00J S6j,000bag of ie?at, oomr forward .bodily .two or three' leet and then go down in the centre'with a tremendeus crash. The store, till Messrs Hait land Co.'s was up, was considered the best. built, the-strongest,-and the'largest in the Port, and now it is a wreck. It.was built on ,mlierous and heavy pilse about twob or three feet out of the ground,and' the enormidus weight seems to have tilted theae. Bolta, bars, beams, and piles have been torn, broken, and an entire rebuilding must be carried out. * This is a curioe.s appointiment for a magith trate to hold. The W'ijs'lla Chronicle writea :-" We. are n *-" "'-" that the "·IIiO5' Ulnngsaint wS1it1herPpubicjor private schools and any rirclhn between the age of five and fifteen found out of school in school hours is forth with compelled to give a good reason-for hin absence, or is subjected to some psnishment So strictly is this carried out that, ost of 45,970 childrin within the specified age, no fewer than 42,470 arq registered-as scholar. yf tfie rymoaolder not in schools, 1149 are ,hly five pyarsi old, and 1419 lturned fourteei, ave psed thirough the prisary schools, and are helping to get their oiwn liig. 0 hildrten over fifteen there are 4343 in variou Ihools. Bostoniafis may .well he-proold of leir intellectahl supreman ? when thiey takl iuJ^pains to ^ -it.-lloosell y means comlcted tleiri labors yet Obynote transit ofVmit ooertio tnhys eeerl ethich ve causa ed0^ ard t1 e almost ncessal work day and night, long after tlhe :' lot das ol t~y and os th'e timne bomb hll bousssso is the cenotrl otation for the receipt of ob'ser-ations s l?? tnljiluartor of th0 globo, The observ-tions are, liboiwevoC; not di"cstcd, or sounmarised hero, but.are simply for erwa-lod to Euroji.. :Mr Emory o.l l pc o to ho able t6 visit Eurdpe isewt yeas fos the suor. posc of colilsptring thed isotoshe. hi zs"sid chuinlog his'loog c?'reierof obscr:\atioEi is this -oOllltry with those @'brcrroi.,? abth? Othbr aideof tl ?e orld . obeerrer -i . ... thr 