AN AWKWARD PREDICAMENT A German employed at the Rose Hotel, Kiewa-street was placed in a somewhat ludicrous, but withal rather dangerous predicament on Sunday last. It appears that amongst other vessels used in the nremises for holding water, is a large malt tank, the tap of which had by some means got out of order on the day in question. In order to put the matter right, the individual referred to introduced a clearer into the tank, with a view to remove any obstruction that might be interfering with the free passage of the water. While he was thus scraping away, the cleawr slip, ped from his hand, and fell to the bottom of the tank. This accident was even worse than the first difficulty. If a tank were temporarily put out of commission there were other sources of water supply on the premises, but there was only one cleaver in the establishment, and the missing instrument must be recovered. Under these circumstances our German friend set himself earnestly to the task of fishing the cleaver out of the tank. It was not, however, an easy job, as he soon found that when sprawling over the tank with his arm inserted into the small circu. lar opeuing at the top, he could not reach the bottom of the tank. But he was determined not to be beaten, "and so hit upon tbe happy method of inserting his head and shoulders into the orifice, thereby getting the benefitof the full length of both arms. By this means lie was enabled to secure the cleaver, and was about to return triumphant, to the upper air when an unpleasant contretemps oeur- red. While leaning into the tank, his head and shoulders got pretly tightly wedged into a kind of iron collar, the weight of that portion of his body inside the vessel had been very nicely counter poised by the weight of the other portion outside ; but in making the grab at the cleaver,, this nice balance was disturbed. The portion inside became heavier than the portion outside, and an interesting example of the operation of the earth's attraction was instantly afforded. The head and shoulders of our German friend sank deeper into the recesses of the tank, whither they would doubtless have been speedily followed by the rest of his body, only that the opening was too small to allow it to pass. The unfortunate fellow, therefore, was firmly held by the waist, his head down in tbe water, and his legs flourishing wildly in the air. Happily his smothered cries soon attracted attention, and he was released from his perilous position, otherwise the accident might have had a more serious ending. — A Ibury Banner. Negro Entertainment at the Junction.— A correspondent writes : — An entertainment, consisting of songs, character pieces, and a farce entitled " Tbe Ball's going on anyhow," was given at the Junction Schoolbouse, Upper Yackandandah, on the evening of October 7th, by the members of the Yackandandah Colored Minstrels, in aid of the flinch of the Ovens District Hospital. The whuff affrir was a successful and brilliant first appear ance of the company, considering the amount of practice they have had, which was very short, on account of the distance the different members reside from one another, and the difficulties to be overcome thereby to practice. There is no doubt ffhat with a little more experience they will be the crack amateurs perhaps of the district, and thereioro they ought to be liberally supported, if not on their own account, at least for the good of the institution for which' they are catering. Tiie bill of fare provided consisted of some very good songs, including Billy Emerson's " When my Baod begins to Play," which was snug by Tony with very good effect. John son's " Good-bye Eliza Jane" was sung well. Other songs followed, including " Mollis Darling," " Little Brown Jug," Belle Bran don," etc. The character songs done by Johnson, consisting of " Come Along Do," and the " Muscular Wife," provoked roars of laughter. Tony's " Fair Maiden I Love You," was the tamest of the whole affair, the blame being equally divided between the singer and the gentleman who did duty as orchestra, the last not knowing the music properly, nnd the first the words. Both obstacles, no doubt, will be surmounted ere they appear again before the public. Then came the gem of the evening, Mr Bones' " Babylon's a Falling," which was done really good, it in itso'f being worth the charge for the whole entertainment. After came the fun alive farce by the mem bers of the company, " The Ball's going oe, Anyhow," Bones taking the rather difficult part of " Slim Jim," who had to entertain the visitors to a ball, said visitors consisting of a miscellaneous collection, including fighting men, milkmaids, Bichard III, a sonambu'isi, ar.d the ghost of Hamlet's father, the wbola being gone through with great spirit, to the evident satisfaction of the audience. A dance followed, and was kept np to the wee sma' hours of the morniug. It is proposed to give entertainments shortly on account of the Hospital and Benevolent Asylum, and it i3 to be hoped that the endeavors of the Yackan dandah Colored Minstrels will be freely se conded by the inhabitants of the places where they may visit. Mining Accidents. — In order if possible .o remedy the carelessness displayed by the Chinese in the timbering of drive3 and shafts the Honorable the Minister of Mines has determined upon having the most important clauses and sections of the Eegulation of Mines Statute translated into Chinese, so that this class of miners may have no excuse for infringing the provisions of the Act in tb;.s respect, and for complaining of ths penalties which are attached to this species of carelessness. Heartless. — Some time since (writes the Telegraph ) statements appeared in the Mary borough papers concerning a peculiar and sensational breach of ;promise of marriage c.se which was to come before the law courts, the plaintiff being a young lady wno Was then an inmate of the Melbourne Lying- in Hospital, arid! the defendant a wealthy young squatter. , Subsequently it was an- I nounced that the action had been withdrawn, in consequence of a compromise having b. en made by 'tbe defendant.. An agreement was entered into by hirii to pay a certain amount of damages, and make an. allowance for the support of the child. He has not fulfP.cd his agreemeut, however, and the case wJl shortly be tried in the Supreme Court. There are some 'extraordinary circumstances con nected with it, ore: ;of ; them being the fact that the. plaintiff had to seek shelter in the j Lying-in- Hospital in consequence of receiv- j iug no. answer', to a piteous appeal toiler se- j ducer for means to provide herself with the i medical and other attendance necessary to her. unhappy; sit nation... " : . j SiR Samuel Wilson.— r-i' Aiticus " in the Leader tells a story .which certainly is not complimentary' to .ths hewffoionial night. He j says A good proof 'of Sir Samuel's character j was; shown by the! manner in: which he be- j haved to bisrnen immediately after the very j muDificeDt and disinterested promise of j £30,000. Their wages were at once reduced I by five shillings a weekj :upon the plea that I ibeir employor could no longer ;p,ffoid to give I the old rate! What a comment upon the j vulgar ostentation of the letter containing the | Announcement of the gift /' j 