JOURNAL, SATURDAY, LAY REPRESENTATION IN WE8LEYAN ... T METHODISM. • ihe following is the plan for'Annual and General Conferences, as finallysettled*.— "Whereas the Wesleyan Methodist_ Conferences in Australasia have hitherto consisted of ministers only; and whereas it appears to be advisable to alter our constitution so far as to admit lay representatives as members of those courts, this General Conference agrees that oar Annual and General Con ferences shall be hereafter composed of ministers and lay representatives, in aocordanoe with the following plan. The General Conference, however, in adoping this action distinctly asserts its maintenance^ the New Testament doctrine that the ministry derives its existence irom Qhrist, and that upon Christian ministers,, to whom is' entrusted the duty of taking ' heed to all the flock, over which the Holy Ghost hath made them overseers, to feed the Church ef God,' devolved the solemn responsibility of enforcing godly discipline, and administering the pastoral government of the church. This principle the General Conference regards as essential to the scriptural fulfilment of the ministerial office, andBO vital to the constitution of Wesleyan Methodism that in the admission of laymen as members of our Conferences it must be held to he sacred and inviol-' ftble," " ANNUAL CONFERENCES. L Constitution.—The Annual Conferences shall comprise all the ministers within their respective boundaries, with an equal number of laymen. 1. The quarterly meeting of each Circuit shall be entitled to elect one lay representative, who shall be elected by ballot at the quarterly meeting preceding the session of the. Conference to which it pertains. 2. The.Committee of each institution of the Connexion to which a minister is or may be set apart by an Annual Conference shall have the right to elect from among themselves by ballot one lay representative. 3\. Should the number of laymen thus provided for be less than the number of ministers pertaining to atay Annual Conference, additional laymen shall be elected Ay the quarterly meeting of the Circuit oirCircuits which, according to the returns published by euch Conference at its last session, contain the largest number of members. The Presidents of the several A"nnn.l Conferences shall give notice to the Circuit or Circuits which may be entitled to elect more than one lay representative. 4. The laymen eligible for election as representatives most be Church members of four years' continuous standing, and at the time of their election must be members in the Circuit by whioh they are or may be elected. " II.—Powers of the Annual Conference.—1. Each Arinnnl Conference shall have fall power, as the English Conference, with regard to the election of its own President and Secretary; the division of districts, or alteration of their boundaries; the appointment of Chairmen of Districts; the exercise of discipline upon its ministerial members and preaohers on trial; the making of any of its ministerial members supernumeraries; the reception of candidates for the ministry; the appointment of ministers and preachers on trial to the several Circuits; the carrying out all the directions of the General Conference relative to the changes and interchanges of ministers; in the intervals of-the General Conference the Annual Conference shall effect such exchanges and by negotiation; the receiving and finally deciding upon appeals from the subordinate Courts of the Conference; the direction and control of those funds which have been heretofore known as District Funds; all other powers heretofore exercised by the Australasian Conference, exoept the powers of >general legislation hereinafter set forth as pertaining to the General Conference; the recommending to the General Conference any measure which may be deemed conducive to the welfare of the Connexion. 2. In the exercise of the aforesaid powers by the Annual Conferences, the ministers alone shall .elect the Presidents and Secretaries of their respective Conferences, and Chairmen of their several Districts; dispose of all matters comprised : in the subjoined questions:—Who are now ' admitted as ministers into full connection with the Conference ? What preaohers remain on trial? What preachers are now received on trial? What students are to continue to have theological training ? What candidates are now reoeived for theological training ? Who are now admitted as native ministers ? Who remain as native preachers on trial ? Who are received as native preachers on trial ? What ministers become supernumeraries ? What supernumeraries return to the regular work ? What ministers have died since the last Conference ? Are there any objections to any of our ministers or preachers on trial ? What persons who were in full connection with the Conference have now ceased to be recognised as ministers among us ? How are our ministers and preaohers on trial stationed for the ensuing year? 3. Determine all appeals affecting the status of our members as provided for in our_ existing rules. 4\. For the purposes enumerated in section 2, the ministerial members of the Annual Conference shall meet alone during the first four days of the sessions of such Conference, and also at such other times as will not interfere with the general business of the Conference. 5. In the election of ministers and laymen as representatives to the General Conference all the members of the General Conferences who are present shall be entitled to vote; the voting to be by ballot 6. Who may attend, and what number shall form a quorum! — The Chairman of the districts ex officio; a representative elected by ballot at the district meeting, and such other ministers as may be appointed by, or obtain the permission of, their district meetings to attend the Conference; together with the laymen elected as required in section headed Constitution. The number of ministers and lay representatives who may actually attend the Conference shall be deemed competent for the transaction of business; but the Conferenoe shall have power, whenever it may be found necessary or proper, to determine how many of this number shall constitute a quorum. 7. When and where the Conference shall assemble.—Each Conferenoe shall assemble annually, and shall have power to fix the time and place, and to limit the duration of its sessions. 8. President and Secretary.—The President shall be a minister of not less than fifteen (15) gears' standing, and the Secretary shall be a minister of not less than ten (10; years' standing. The voting in each case shall be by ballot 9. Who may vote for Conference officers.—All ministers in full connection shall be entitled to vote for the President and Secretary. 10. Be- election to Presidency.— Each Annnni Conference shall determine for itself the time which shall elapse _ before minister shall be eligible for re-election to the office of President, provided always that no minister shall be eligible for election two successive years. 11. Funds of the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church.—The funds hitherto known as District Funds shall be under the management of the Conferences. The funds known as Connexions! Funds shall be under the direction of the General Conference, and the Presidents of the Annual Conferences shall see that all the regulations relating to these funds are faithfully carried out by and within the bounds of their respective Con ferenoes, " GENERAL CONFERENCE. "L—Constitution.—The General Conference shall consist of—1. The Presidents and Secretaries of the Annual Conferences for the time being. 2. One General Secretary of Foreign Missions. 3. One General Clerical Treasurer of each of the Connexions! Funds. 4. One General Lay Treasurer of the Foreign Mission Society. 5\. One General Lay Treasurer of each Connexions! Fund. All the above shall be members ex officio. 6. Ministerial representative from each Annual Conference in the proportion for the present of one minister to every eight (8) ministerial members of such Conference, provided that no Conference shall have less than two ministerial representatives in addition to its President and Secretary. 7. Lay representatives from each Annual Conference, equal to the number of ministerial representatives, including the President and Secretary. All representatives, both ministers and laymen, shall be elected by ballot of the Annual Conferences from among their own members. "II. The General Conference shall have no power—1. To revoke, alter, or change any of our doctrines as at present established, or to establish any new rule or doe trine contrary thereto. 2. To revoke the general rules of our societies. 3. To make such change in our discipline as to do away with the itinerancy of our ministry. % To do away with the privilege of trial and appeal of our members or ministers, JUNE 5, 1875. as at present existing. 5. To de away with the right of the ministers to admit or expel members, subject to mich gufirds' >and .regulations as our rules provide. £' To do'atroy'with the right of the ministers to receive and ordain ministers in our Church, as our rules provide. "IIL Powers of the General Conference.— Subject to the beforementioned restrictions, and with the proviso that so long as this Connexion remains in affiliation with the English Conferenoe the right of the said English Conference, at its first annual session after the minutes of the Australasian General Conference have been reoeived, to disallow any law ;or regulation which, in its judgment, & incompatible with the doctrinal or disciplinary principles of Methodism, be in no way interfered with, the General Conference shall have power—1. To elect by ballot, on its assembling, from the members a minister of not less than fifteen years' standing to preside over its ptooeedings, and in the intervals of the seEEions of the General Conference to perform euch duties as the General Conferenoe may d.irect. Provided, nevertheless, he shall not exercise a general superintendency, or any powers which are conferred upon other offioers of the Church. 2. To divide the Annual Conferences, or alter their boundaries. 3. To oreate new Conferences. 4. To alter the proportion in which the Annual Conferences shall from time to time elect representatives to the General Conference. 5\. To make and direct the Annual Conferences to effect all necessary interchanges of ministers between the several Annual Conferences, 6\. To appoint Committees and offioers for the several oonnexional funds. 7. To review the proceedings of such Committees, and sanction or disallow the same. 8. To arrange the order in which the several Annual Conferences shall make provision for returned missionaries. 9\. To direct any Annual Conference to reappoint to the full work any minister who may have been made a supernumerary since the last General Conferenoe. 10. To disallow any of the regulations of the Annual Conference which in its judgment infringes any of our constitutional principles. 11. And generally to legislate for the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist Church. "IV. What number shall form a quorum? —The General Conference shall, on the first day of its session, determine the number of the members of such Conference to form a quorum. " V. General Conference Meeting. — The General Conferenoe shall meet onoe in three years, and shall have power to fix the date and place of its sessions." The following memorial was received by the Australasian Wesleyan Methodist General Conference, and remitted to the Revs. J. S. Waugh and W. A Quick to frame a reply:— "Ballarat, May 27,1875. "To the President of the WeslAyan General Conference, Melbourne. " Honoured Sir—We most respectfully forward you the enclosed memorial, and_ sincerely hope you will give it a favourable consideration. The 75 signatures attached are those of such gentlemen as oould be easily seen during the latter part of to-day, and include nine local preachers, twenty-three class-leaders and past and present officers. The greatest _ eagerness to sign is observable on every side; indeed, we are sure eight-tenths of our people here would readily subscribe to the terms of the memorial.— We have the honour to be, honoured Sir, yours obediently, " JAKES RUSSELL, Chairman. " WILLIAM LITTLE, Secretary. " Ballarat, May 27,1875 " To the Reverend President and members of the Wesleyan Methodist General Conference of Australasia, assembled in session in Wesley Church, Lonsdale- street, Melbourne. " Honoured Sir and Brethren—We the undersigned, offioe- bearers, members, and adherents of the Wesleyan Society in Ballarat, respectfully address you on tho subject of lay representation in Conference, and in doing so are wishful to express our loyalty and attachment to our Church, and further to assure you that our present action, in protesting against the too restrictive character of your recent legislation, results from a desire te advance the real welfare of the Church, and to promote that cordiality which should exist among all her various agencies. " We are deeply impressed with the importance of having the new constitution, which is to be given Wesleyan Methodism in Australasia, at once sufficiently liberal and acceptable to the Church that further agitation may be prevented, and peace and harmony secured. Conferenoe, while admitting the principle of lay delegation, has so limited its operation as will make the scheme distasteful to the laity, and to a great extent inoperative in practice and baneful in result. "From unofficial information we are led to understand that laymen are to be excluded from Conference while the business, arising out of the following questions, is transacted, viz.:— "1. The election of President, Secretaries, and Chairmen of Committees. " 2. The status of members. " 3. The stationing of ministers. " 4. The first thirteen questions of Conference of 1873. " Also, that the publis Prese is excluded. "We respectfully, but firmly, submit that ministers and lay representatives should have coordinate powers throughout the entire business of Conference. This we sincerely believe to be both our Bcriptural and reasonable right. " Further, we contend it is very impolitic to exclude the Press; and thus leave vast numbers of our people, as well as the public, in entire ignorance of the transactions of Conference. " We would therefore respectfully ask you to favourably entertain our protest, and reconsider the decisions you have arrived at. " In conclusion, permit us again to assure you of our fidelity to the cause, and our desire to advance the temporal and spiritual interests of our Church, in whioh many of us have so long laboured, and in whioh we hope still to work with increased zeal in promoting the extension of Christ's Kingdom.—We have the honour to be, honoured Sir and brethren, yours obediently, JAKES RUSSELL, Mayor of Ballarat East, " JAMES ODDIB RICHABD TBEGASKB J. T. PHILLIPS WILLIAM LITTLE W. T. DIMSEY RICHARD KENT THOMAS TAYLOR EDWIN CURTIS ALFRED YATES JAMES LONG DAVID HAM JOHN LITTLE J. S. KELLY CHAS. SALTER HENRY BELL THOMAS ROGERS, " And 58 other gentlemen." AN EXCITING SCENE IN PARLIAMENT. — A stirring scene has been recently enacted in the Lower Bouse of the Pennsylvania Legislature. The "reformed Constitution" adopted in Pennsylvania in 1873 is not workingas smoothly as could be wished, and the " various checks" which have been introduced " te protect the people apainst special and reckless legislation" are not at present completely answering their purpose. The first sessien of the enlarged House has brought together a large number of inexperienced members who elected a Speaker who did not understand his duties. The House appears to have done little or nothing for two months, but to have attempted to concentrate the work of the session into its concluding days. In the first week of March, when the end of the session was approaching, there was a rush made by members to get their Bills through. The House had an " all night" session, when it conducted its business in the following manner:—Members crowded round the Clerk's and Speaker's desks yelling and screaming, the floorwas filledwith lobbyists, and amid the din and oonfusion Bills were " put through" without any one being aware of what was going on except the few who were interested. In the midst of it a conflict was developed about a " Boom Bill." A Lumber Company, which has a boom on the Upper Susquehanna at Williamsport, enjoys a valuable franchise in the fees levied for catching floating logs, which are then made up into rafts. The " Boom Bill" was a measure for reducing their charges. It was advocated and opposed vehemently and from midnight till morning. Lobbyists detected iu plying their vocation were put out of the House. At 3.30 a.m. the wild turmoil in the House was "stilled by a stroke of Egyptian darkness." Somebody had broken into the vault where the gasmeter was located and turned the gas off. " In the gloom that followed dim figures were seen flittiDg about, and an effort was made to steal the Bill from the clerk's desk." Then a report was started that some one wanted to assassinate the Speaker. But the gas was relighted, the Speaker was discovered to be in his place, apprehensions subsided, the din recommenced, and the Boom Bill passed by a two-thirds vote.— Pall MaM, Budget, 