ST MARY'S PRO-CATHEDRAL.— EASTER SUNDAY. When it became known that his Grace the Coadiutor Archbishop was to preach at the 11 o'clock service at St. Mary's Pro-Cathedral on Easter Sunday, the Vicar-General's office was. be'eiged with applications for admission cards *,„ AtrnmlwRnf Catholics, outside theparish of St. Mary's, as well as many leading Protes tants who were anxious to hear his Grace. | Long before Mass commenced it was impossible j to obtain seats, notwithstanding all the re sources which the indefatigable Dean M'Carthy and his large staff of assistants had improvised for the occasion. The consequence was that large crowds were collected round every door, in the vain hope of getting a glimpse of the in terior. Although many were greatly incon venienced, the utmost devotion and good order were observed. Precisely at 11 o'clock his n.,,anc ArnhhiehonPoldine-was received at the principal entrance by the Very Revs Prior Dwver and Dean M'Oarthy, and conducted to j hia throne on the Gospel side of the altar, where . he was vested as celebrant for the Pontifical High Mass. The Deacons of the throne were Rev. Fathers Collins and Ambrosoh, the Very Rev. Prior Dwyer, assistant pn»«, «-' ?'-?? Fathers Forde and Kendall, Deacon and subs Deaoon of the Mass— th« ceremonies being under the able direction of the Very Eev.Dr.Coletti. The Rev Fathers Mahoney, Sheridan, Birch, aud G*l- lachor were also upon the sanctuary. In addi tion to the new organ now being completed by Mr C F. Jackson, and which was presided over bv Mr Charles Packer, in his usual masterly manner, the choir was augmented oy an oi chestra, of stringed and wind instruments, which contributed greatly to the effective rendering of the musio of the Mass, which was Haydn s No 2 with the exception of tho Kyne, by Cherubini, and Benedictus, by Gounod, the latter very sweet and devotional, but much too mournful for such a joyous festival as faster ] Sunday. Mrs. Cordner sang Lanz s Alma Virgo' with great expression, during the robing of the Venerable Archbishop for Mass. The Oifertorium, ' EcceDeus,' was iainy ™^»:« bv Mr. Flynn, and the Hallelujah Chorus vvas wdl given at the termination of the service Mr Delaney acted as conductor. Ine sane* tuary was beautifully draped with crimson damask, intersected with yellow satin hangings and the altar was decked with vases of choice flowers and innumerable wax tapers, fit em Mom. of the brightness of the Sun of Righteous ness whose glorious rising was being oeieorajeu. Immediately after the Gospel had been sung. the Most Hev. Dr. Vaughan, attended by his chaplain Father Gillett, entered the sanctuary and! tlkinghis place uponthe rostrum, preached a most eloquent sermon on the great event of the day 'We cannot do more than place a synopsis of this editying discourse before our 'HtaGraoe commenced: In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and or tne xlu. - «-, Amen 'I am the resurrection and tne me . bethatbelieveth in me, although he be Jead shall live '—words taken from the xi. ehapLei of St John Dearly beloved, somehow or other when we meet together on a day Hke this one would rather be client ^^P^kjouemud rather hide away from the sight of men, and meditate during .he day on the passion of our Lord uDon all He has done and suffered toi us, favour has snfferea for M, .»°a ™ ^'.hoT £ Mde away and think better .-,^ „„,„«. which He ha. ' pou«a i upon ™, ^o [?] gad tragedy ; the tomb just newly hewn ont ot i the rock given by Joseph, of Aramathea, forthe j love of Our Blessed Saviour, where those bruised limbs were tenderly wrapped with linen cloths, where that blood- smeared face was bound in a napkin— the tomb to which Nioode mus eamo with spices aud myrrh ; the tomb against which a great stone was rolled ; the tomb from which Our Lord raised Himself by His own power, aud showed Himself to his j 1 disciples at different times. I look into the open | i t-^™v, . the Rt.nne ia rolled back : I socm to see the I winding sheets in which Joseph, of Aramathea, had lovingly wrapped tho crucified body, and borne it reverently to the grave ; I see the napkin stained with His precious blood. Bufc the tomb is empty. He, who was laid there, has risen ; He has sprung up in the glory of Heaven. He said iu three days the temple should be rebuilt, and on the third day He bad raised Himself from the dead, The prophecy of Jonas was fulfilled. While we Jook iato the empty tomb, let us as-k i ourselves— First, who was He? second, what did He undertake? third, how did a.e awempo w do it ? fourth, did He succeed ? Let us consider these questions, looking at them Irom the empty tomb, the throne of His glory, the tomb from which He had triumphed over death, and we may understand His great miaaion to man the better. Who was He ? 1 see the empty tomb. Can I help saying who Ho was— was He not God. Can a man raise himself up from his nnWnni.inn ? fkul alone ia capable of euch marvellous acts. The very disciples that came to the sepulchre could hardly believe that tie had risen. But Our Lord wished to prove to them His own power and Dhinity, and He went not to strange! s, who did not know Him, but to those with whom He -had talked and walked, to those who knew every look ot d.is Divine face— every beam of the brightness ot His most marvellous and loving presence. He made Himself known to those who knew Him best, He bade them look on His wounded feet and hands and place their hands m His side, and made them feel that He alone of His own will had raised fctiniseu tnuujpu*iiu u«m ^ yv&ve.; Was this not sufficient to prove Hie Divinity? But take, not only the Resurrection, but every action of Hia life, and you will find that all point to the same direction, corroborating and demonstrating the Divinity of Our Lord, blending together in wonderful harmony ; and we are so struck with the close union of all that weadmit, we kneel, we adore Jesua Chrisb, true God, true man, lord and Saviour of fha world. Yes, a ew few fragmentary words spoken while on earth, not written as in essay as some learned man would perhaps do, nor even as some clever peasant might speak, have had the power to re Kruct the world, have lifted up man on a I™ basis and taught him to raise his thoughts Shop s £ a higher life. Ihave read howPlato and Socrates, those great philosophers, have :«ntBr, t.o their fellow man, have essayed to teach them, and yet their teaching Has diea awav I have read how they struggled and laboured to acquire a name as leaders of men and now I find their names nearly washed out, or only known to a few antiquarians. Their miS compared with God'a mind, are like the flicker of a candle to the rising sun. and so is i W teaching compared with the doctrines of Jesus Chris? The' teaching of Jesus Cbnst bears the impress of Diviue Inspiration ; look at the prophecies, look at the life of Our Loid look at all that was done after, and put it all ia one sum, and every single line will proclaim Tesus Christ, who vouchsafed to suffer death for us was truly the Son. of God. Thanks be to God we do believe in Our Lord and Saviour, true God and true Man. What did he come on Sh foi ? Why did He take on Him our eaicn iui. j „ man without a home? Even'theVxes have homes, yet Bte had not£ be betiyeY into the handB of Hia enemies? Whv did He lead a life of suffering more than ~?^oi«^1^^! l^aVith thy love, that we might follow -thee -.11 the davs of our life, and see at last the a loriotis vSon of eternal bliss. That is the end ^S he« t &., beLi.fs aud rel,gioM , d.1 ferent one [romanothor-one kind to one nat.i n, ™? to another! Marion* most varied, and on ™cl,v Sd multiolieity of o1Oeua, repreBentog ril'cVre oi horror,, a. d dragging « «, dow n to .±rti--?:Isri.-a£K %J£rt , no* in..gii..aon »!!(«,* emma His resurrection walked., and talked and taugn t. His desciples, It was after His resurrection that He came specially to teach them what fco do* He taught them that He was God. There was some uncertainty in the minds of His disciples before, but now they were assured that Jesns was the God-man that came to redeem the world. This was the doctrine that waB in a special manner to reform the world. The world would not contain the books of what Our Lord tauaht His disciples before He ascended into Heaven j but the Evangelists have kept an ins doctrines of great importance. What was the method adopted by Our Lord to propo^ gate His teaching? How did He do it i I would have a picture painted of tne result of teaching of the men of ancient times, of the worship of creatures, of objects, ot animals, all knowledge of aSupremeBeing being nearly destroyed, and the world plunged iu depths of darkest ignorance. Our Lori painted another picture. He bade His disciples follow him to Gallilee, and on a mountain there gave .nhchoino -t-n t.Vin.t. nintnre. that nicture that was to l;e plaet d in opposition to the P&gan; picture. And when the eleven went into the mountain where Our Lord appointed to meet them, He said, 'All power is given to Me in Heaven and in earth ; go therefore, teach ye all nations^ baptizing them ia the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaming them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and behold I am with you all d.vys, even to the consummation of the world. On the strength of this command ^bese poor fishermen, theee labouring men, in spua m moil. weakness, of their ignorance, of their imbecility, were to go forth to teach all nations. They were told to go out into the whole world. Teach men, says Our Lord, what. I have taught you; don't be afraid, don't feel downhearted, don t think you will fall into error. Remember I am at vour side, I am with you always. Peter, you are speaking with my voice, you cannot err ; go boldly out and tell men they must hear you, that 1 have commanded you to tell them wnat l have taught you, and remember I ?? mthyou always until the world snau cur^ nV m. ™- lastingdoom. Destroy the anarchy of creeds which men have made, and give them in stead the truth, which I. have taught youo That is No. 1 ; now, what's the other ? If you will accompany me- to the sea aide , jou m U see in the quiet of tho evening, Peter, who Had. Sne baclcto his fishing, who thought Oar W would never rise again j you will see. -Thomas and Tther discipleB that thought they would neve see Our Lord again pureuing their avocation, when a figure appears on the fore, and the beloved disciple cries out suddenly- It is the Lord !' Peter was so overcome, so overpowerec^ that, in haate to see his master, he caafc himself nto the sea. And when the other disciples came to land they saw hot-coals lying and fish Wing thereon, and bread. And Jesus oath to 8S5. -Come and dine;' and, .though He took the fish and eat with them, they were a«» ask Him who He was. Then after they had dined, Our Lord took Peter. and said, ' Simon, son of John, lovest thou me more than these r He saith to him, 'Yea, Lord thou knowert that Ilovethee.' He saith to him, 'Feed my lambs.' Then again he He said, ..*' bimon, soa of John, lovest thou me?' Peter was angry that Our Lord should have again as ked him such a question, and he said, 'J'**™ knowest all things, thou knowest that I love thee.' He said to him, » Feed my rteep. Here we have the picture of Peter c°mmlBH1^ff to feedHis sheep, teach theleaders of JtoVJPjj aad to feed the- lambs, the people themselves. Here was the great ioun.aauou «* --; one great teaching power, the gloriou* foundation on which the Church was built, I Sre was no longer to ? be a thousand j different doctrines, there was to be one «rana a centre of unity based on the primacy of Peter. | Again, what about the picture of men led away I bv their own base passions, who did not behave 1 in the necessity of penance 1 1 will ? &*£ opposite to this another picture. Atter Oar j Lord had shown Himself to one pr two, who had I told the rest that He had risen He appeared to J the eleven when they were at meat, and up. 1 LnM^thflm for incredulity, and ssked them howTt was possible they should.be Bo hard or heart as not to believe He had risen again He 1 said to them ' Go ye out into the whole world I j^^ilb^de^^eg Keca^e it waa God's word. They went forth, j because they knew God was with them that I ^.i ? 4.u^« fl^wpitm. God was their Iro- | tector they were not to shrink from showing I Se necesaitT rf penance and telling men «ole« J thpv believed they would be condemned. Now 1 K Now when the disciples were gathered I fco'etber for fear of the Jews, and the , doors ? -^ere 1 luni- Tp-?us stood io the midst and said to them 1 shut, Jes™fl{°°v'.. He wished to command 1 ;irTttn^|wrhetf.orwrS P°wel .^IL^thP.m. I have said Who is Our I Cd I hS* fnnnd that Ha i. God. I have ifked What did He come to do, and how did He So iS I have placed before you four pictures of tocouvincothe world of sin. He aaid toHi^ »oostles'I am with you always until the con apogee . * « thp worid. Go and preach the E rveiycreXSt' andthoseft did not receive It were to be condemned. It was not 3- to throstles that he said 'Whose sins vl Bha?l forgive shall be forgiven, whose Bins ye shall retain shall be retained.' Do not blame £ if you ?nd fault with this doctrine; rt was by 5?f £yf «»«. t.h« aoostles taught, it is by His rower the Pope is the Supreme Ruler of the Church. God has said « I am with you always I-you cannot go wrong.' The doctrine is nob mine it is God's teaching. I give you his own j words. O Lord, give us grace to love thy word, : to drink from that marvellous fountain of faith. , !-id He succeed? Let us see. Forty days after i ihe resurrection he left eleven poor | men as witnesses of His riemg again, He ? left them a legacy of faith He gave them a com mission to preacn anu ivuvu an. uouiuoo, *--~ ? lished the primacy of Peter, the sameness of belief, and thus a.med they went through the Whole of the then civilized world. They all diod for the faith. I believe the whole eleven met With violent deaths. They went here and there and taught the nations what Jesus had ; commanded ; they would preach it, they i You mU8t hear as our Master told us, we can not err, that He will be with us, and unless you ». ? „„ nnA Knlifivfi. voa will be condemned. Thousands and thousands believed and m a few Tears the then known world was converted to the faith, Paganism faded away, the heathen mythology was tirown on one Hide, and tbe world turned from idolatry and evil to Jesus Christ aud His teaching. Thousands were raised up to carry on the work of the Apostles, and before fche final fall of the Pagan Empire we find th Church spreading itself from one end of the woilto the other. We find Wpes claiming to feeu *.he sheep and the lambs, bii&opE; andpriests administering the sacraments, heartog confessions, and giving absolution by virtue of the commission received, ' Whose sins ye shall forgive are forgiven, &e.; I shall ask you one question. Did He succeed 1 Did fchia Mighty God who came down from Heaven to plant a faith upon earth, succeed m what He had undertaken ? You have had four pictures of Paganism, and opposite I have placed lour pictures of Christianity. vvnicn ot those ? ..pictures exist? For 1800 years Christianity has run on. Where are we now? Where is the teaching of She Apostles ? Is there any body of men shot out in some dark corner of the world who %aa not heard the message of Jesus Christ ? I fciMnk not. I believe at this moment there are ovey 250,000,000 of Catholics who all be )ieve in the teaching of the Apostles. I scarcely know i^ow many bishops there are, 2000 per !...«., «t.-«fl Sovereisn Pontiff, and tens of thou sand's of priests, who at this hour teach the selfsame doOtrines that the Apostles taught, and the great discomfiture of the world. They are commissioned to preach all truth to all nations. He has said, I am with you to the consummation of the world. At this hour there U at the Vatican an old. venerable, and distinguished Pontiff; ask him. aad He will tell you that He is the successor of St. Peter, -that though the -world may deride, though men may yell and about, he stands unmoved, he is the great infallible teacher by the virtue of the commission Mren to Peter, 'Feed my lamba, feed my sheep.' Again, the world says 'Let every man believe as he likes, let each strike out a course for himself.' But against this the Pope says 'Unless you believe yon shall be condemned.' Jeaus Christ has said so, aud I speak by His aathority9 however distasteful it may be to you. Wnac is still going uu m umo uiudu^»™ ».w~vv.. j . What took place last week ? If you had gone into any of our churches, you would have seen ?them thronged with Catholics going to confession — St Benedict's, St. Patrick's, Sacred Heart, all the same. Yes, in the midst of the nineteenth century, amidst the scoffingof the world, you will £nd people going into the se little confessionals »»d making their sins known to the priest and w^ivinp Absolution. Why ? because God has Saught tis to do this. We have in the Catholic Ohnrch a clear and distinct representative of the tea hing of Jesus Christ. He has said to her ' Go and teach all nations, baptizing them In the Name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' He has said to Peter Feed sny lambs, feed my sheep.- He has said Preach the Gospel to every creature, and those who believe . shall be saved, but those who believe not shall 3be condemned. He has said, ' As the Father j nent me I also send you. Receive the Holy Ghost ; whose sins ye shall forgive, &c.;' j Here in the midst of a vast world we find thesa J doctrines, as taught by Our Lord, growing and j increasing year by year. We feel that we are | tinder Divine protection, Divine guidance, and 1 we stand here aB witnesses to the vastness; the Wonders of Hi3 teaching, and the success of His glorious resurrection. Let us one and all cling closely to that Church which to-day proclaims fine same grand truths which the Apo8tle3 preached ages gone. And when our hour shall come we shall feel ourselves safe. We will be covered by the everlasting wings of a tender Saviour. We will be received by Jesus Christ, Our Lord and Master, into mansions of everlast ing bliss for all eternity. St. Vincent's Hospital Exctjesion, — On Monday last an excursion took place to Athol Gardens* in aid of St. Vincent's Hospital, aud, nowithBtanding the wet weather, a large number of persons was attracted thither. Several steamers were engaged t« carry the pleasure seekers to their destination. Messrs. Coveny and O'Neill, with an efficient staff of tieket Bellern did much towards the succesB of the affair. The Young Bazaar. — We (' Chronicle') learn that the bazaar in aid of St. Mary'B Church building fund has been in every way Sttooesaful, about £350 having been realised. 