NEWS AND NOTES. Our monthly summary for Europe will be published in to-morrow’s Star. A public meeting is advertised to be held in the Alfred Hall this evening, to discuss the principles on which a “National League” should be based. We hope the meeting will try and be broadly national, and not “loyal liberal” or “disloyal liberal.” A confirmation service was held in St. Peter’s Church on Sunday morning, when forty-two postulants were confirmed by Bishop Thornton, the church being crowded. After the celebration of the ordinary 11 o’clock morning service by the Rev. H. W. H. Adeney, the communion service was read by the bishop. That being concluded, the Rev. Mr Adeney read to the candidates the preface to the confirmation service, which the bishop afterwards, in addressing the candidates, explained. He said that the rite of confirmation was merely a church arrangement, dating from the Reformation, but it was instituted with scriptural sanction, and after apostolic example. The Church gave an opportunity to all young people to make a personal profession of religion, as those before him were about to do, and they were received into the fold by the imposition of the bishop’s hands. This act was strictly in accordance with Scripture, for in Acts viii., 17, it was said of Peter and John, “Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost.” The bishop pointed out that confirmation was not a sacrament in the Church, but merely an outward sign of a person’s acknowledgment of his religious duties, and in addressing a few further remarks to the candidates for confirmation, quoted the text from Jude i, 24, “Able to keep you from falling, and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory, with exceeding joy.” At the close of the bishop’s earnest address the postulants and congregation all stood up while the bishop put the question to the candidates, whether or not they confirmed the obligations which their sponsors accepted for them at baptism. This question being answered, the candidates, 25 females and 17 males, were ranged along in front of the communion rails in batches, the ladies going first. The bishop then laid his hands on them according to the rubric, after which the service concluded in the ordinary way. Another confirmation service was held in Christ Church at half-past three o’clock, the church being crowded to excess. The number of candidates there was 90, of which three-fourths were young ladies. Evening service was read by the Rev. J. Totter, after which the confirmation rite was celebrated as at St. Peter’s. In his address the bishop repeated a portion of his mornings remarks, and confined himself to laying before the postulants the duties which they were about to take upon themselves. The candidates were seated in the middle of the church, and as each batch left the communion rails and filed down one aisle to their seats, a fresh batch went up the other aisle. At both churches the ladies wore white veils, and nearly all were dressed in white, forming a pretty sight as they filed into the church. At Christ Church a collection was made in aid of the parochial sustentation fund. Through an inadvertency in the advertisement of the Licensed Victuallers’ Picnic, the fares from Melbourne and Geelong were erroneously stated. The fares should have been—From Melbourne 12s, Geelong 6s, first-class return. The brewers, cordial manufacturers, and wine and spirit merchants have assented to close their establishments at noon on the day of the fete, to enable their employees to participate in the festivities of the day, more especially as races have been provided for their amusement and benefit. The tradespeople are requested to hoist their flags on the day, and welcome the visitors to Ballarat on this their first annual picnic. A special meeting of the Ballarat Horticultural Society was held at the Camp hotel on Saturday evening, when the report of the show on Friday last was brought up and adopted, and all accounts connected therewith passed for payment. The secretary, Mr R. Wicking, tendered his resignation, which was received with regret by all the committee, knowing the interest Mr R. Wicking has taken ever since he first became acquainted with the society. In fact, we may say the society has improved very considerably under his secretaryship, and the committee, knowing that Mr W. is leaving to better himself, is willing to bear any little inconvenience it may be put to. The members of committee, wishing Mr W. every success in his new undertaking, intend also to present him with a testimonial, and to make him a life member. The receipts at the last show were greater than at any previous one, except the year the Duke of Edinburgh visited Ballarat. Two youths named John Davies and John Mitchell were arrested on Sunday night by Constables Cox and Grady, and lodged in the City lock-up, charged with fighting in the street. Both were bailed out, and will appear before the bench this morning. A Chinese named Ah Kim was arrested on Saturday evening by Constable Thompson, and lodged in the Eastern lock-up, on a charge of having stolen a bag of sugar, for which an owner is required. In compliance with the invitation of the Archbishop of Canterbury to the members of the Church of England to meet for united intercession on behalf of its mission, there will be holy communion in Christ Church on Tuesday morning at a quarter- past eight. The bishop will give an address. A boy named William Sakar, aged eight years, having been run over by a jinker, was admitted into the Hospital on Friday night, and died on Saturday night from injuries to the chest. An inquest will be held to-day. Wendouree was not so lively on Saturday afternoon as might have been expected considering the weather, but, still, there was a good number of persons out on the lake. Anglers, on the whole, were not successful, though several fine fish were caught. The gardens, however, were largely patronised, several small picnic parties making their rendezvous there, one of which comprised a number of children who came up from Buninyong in McDonald’s large omnibus. On Sunday, also, the gardens were well patronised. The Clunes Water Commissioners’ accounts for the past year have been audited, and show that the debt now due the Government for interest on loan is approximately £5536. The amount due on rates is a little over £530. The rates for the coming year will probably amount to £1200. The sub-committee appointed by the commission to advise on the redistribution of salaries have recommended that the engineer and treasurer be paid £325 per annum out of the commission’s funds and £75 from the borough funds; the rate-collector to receive £100 per annum and a similar amount from the council. The office boy to be paid £26 per annum. A special meeting will be held on Wednesday evening to deal with the report. Services in connection with the anniversary of the Barkly street Wesleyan Sabbath School were conducted on Sunday by the Revs. E. I. Watkin in the morning, T. Copeland in the afternoon, and J. W. Crisp in the evening. At each service there were large congregations and the collections amounted to over £12. There will be tea and public meetings held this evening, in continuance of the celebration, in the school-room and church respectively, at Barkly street. The site for the firemen’s picnic on the 9th December, is at the mouth of the creek emptying itself into the eastern side of Lake Burrumbeet, one of the best places that could have been chosen. The financial results of the Clunes Hospital Fete may be regarded as eminently satisfactory, as there can be no doubt but the gross proceeds will reach £475. Had the weather been more favorable to enable persons from the adjoining towns to visit the fete, it is probable over £600 would have been obtained. After payment of expenses, a profit of £250 is expected. Very good, considering the dull times and depressed state of the town and district. If the demonstration is to be repeated next year with any chance of success there are many things of a deterrent character which can and must be removed if the committee hope to make it a social and financial success. Lovers of the drama and opera bouffe will most likely soon be accommodated. Mr Harwood and Mr Lyster are endeavoring to arrange for the supply of both kinds of amusements independently of each other. Steps have already been taken for letting the Academy of Music, and more definite information will probably be shortly vouchsafed. The attractions at the forthcoming great Christmas Carnival, to be held in the Agricultural Society’s Show-yards, on the banks of what promises to be one of the prettiest lakes in Victoria, are likely to be of such a varied and extensive character as to take more than one day’s visit to the festival to view and inspect the whole of them. The committee on Saturday last arranged for the appearance on the ground of the Great Asiatic Circus and Japanese troupe, who are now on their way from South Australia. Tenders will be invited shortly for the construction of anew sports arena and the erection of theatres, show booths, business stands, refreshment and retiring rooms, &c.; Applications for stands for business should be sent to the committee at once, as there is every probability of every inch of available ground being taken up during the ensuing week. We hear that a great demand has already set in for the art union tickets. An equity suit presenting some amusing features, although connected with a grave subject, is at present pending (says the Herald) in the County Court. The parties to the suit are sisters of a farmer named Denis Toohey, who recently died intestate at Bullarook, near Creswick, leaving an estate valued at £323. Letters of administration to her brother’s estate were obtained by Mrs Winifred Cotter, and now another sister of the deceased, Mrs Catherine Fogerty, asserts that the estate was “devastated” by Mrs Cotter, and she seeks to have her sister compelled to make good, from her own pocket, the moneys so misspent. It would seem to be suggested that the devastation alleged was partly effected by extravagant expenses in “waking” the corpse of the deceased. The accounts furnished by Mrs Cotter include items of £18 3s 6d for “wines, spirits, and refreshments,” 14s 11d for “bread and biscuits,” 15s 6d for “candles,” and £5 8s 8d for “groceries;” £27 10s is set down as the expense of the transit of the corpse to Melbourne for interment, and £2o as the cost of a tombstone and railing over the grave of the deceased. What (asks the Melbourne correspondent of the Hamilton Spectator) is the quarrel that appears to have broken out in the Winter family? No sooner have they inherited a large fortune than the Demon of Discord seems to have thrown his elixir of mystery among them. A few days ago, there appeared in the leading papers a notice by one brother that another brother’s cheques on a certain station-account were not to be honored; and, a few lines apart, there waa another advertisement, with the same signature, to the effect that his wife was no more to be credited by tradesmen, on his account. I should not have noticed this singularly unpleasant affair but that the scandal has been carried to Sydney by advertisements in the Press there. It is a great pity that dirty linen should thus be washed in public. An address was delivered on Sunday afternoon by Mr W. E. Morris, of Melbourne, in the school-room in connection with St. John’s Church, Soldiers’ Hill. The subject of the address was “Missions to the Aborigines.” In the evening the bishop preached to a large and apparently attentive congregation. The prize-list of the Hardie’s Hill Agricultural show will be found in the fourth page of our issue to-day. We are requested to state that in the case heard at the police-court, Beaufort, and mentioned in our issue of Saturday last, the prosecution was against Ah Loy, not Ah Gee. The 17th and 18th of November, 1875, will be epochs (says the Corack correspondent of the St. Arnaud Times) in the lifetime of every Roman Catholic within many miles of Donald. Since the announcement of the visit of the Right Rev. Dr O’Connor, Bishop of Ballarat, in company with Father Delany and Father Harrington, to Donald, the event has been looked forward to an important period to all those interested. The matter of a subscription towards a Catholic Church, at Donald, was mentioned by the bishop in earnest language. His words were not in vain, as the sequel showed a list of upwards of £200, the bishop himself leading with £10, and various other persons following with a similar amount. As an instance of the wonderful results obtained from the careful breeding of sheep, we (Telegraph) may state that Mr William Davis, of Nassau villa, Coburg, had two lambs shorn on Friday, the fleeces of which yielded exactly 38 lb 8 oz of wool. The lambs are only eleven months old, and are of pure Lincoln breed, the wool being one of the best samples we have seen this season, fully 6 inches in staple. The contemplated appointment of a police-magistrate for the Wimmera district has revived the claims of some of the country stipendiary magistrates to the vacancy which it is expected (says the Telegraph) will take place at the close of the present year in the the metropolitan district by the retirement on pension of Mr E. P. S. Sturt. It is probable that in anticipation of that vacancy no immediate steps will be taken to add to the number of police- magistrates, and possibly a revision of the duties of the present staff will be undertaken. Saturday’s Herald has the following telegram from Sydney:—In the Legislative Assembly last night Mr Davis’ motion that a sum of £2000 be granted, as a gratuity, to Lady Cowper, the relict of Sir Charles Cowper, late Agent-General for New South Wales, was lost. During the debate some hard things were said about the late Agent-General. Blondin opens tonight. The Rev. M. M. Gibbon, the Orange parson, goes to Europe to recruit his health. There was a large fire at Glen Innes last night, which destroyed Campbell and Gilson’s woolshed and £4000 worth of property. There have been a large number of deaths in childbirth lately. Mr Buchanan’s motion to stop private criminal prosecutions for libel, was lost last night in the Assembly. Mr Anderson, of Newstead station, is dead. Jesse Smith nearly died at Brisbane lately from drinking photographic chemicals. A gold medal has been presented to Keightley for shooting bushrangers.” The Gazelle of Friday night proclaims the Pacific Islanders Protection Act passed by the Imperial Parliament. At a meeting of the Victorian Cricketers’Association on Friday a letter was read (says the Argus) from the New South Wales Cricketing Association, stating that New South Wales would be willing to meet Victoria on the Melbourne ground on the 27th, 28th, and 20th December if the latter would play a return match at Sydney sometime later in the season. It was decided that the proposal contained in the letter be consented to on a mutual understanding being arrived at that no intercolonial match be played during the visit of any English eleven. With regard to the intercolonial match with Adelaide, the last week in January was fixed upon as the time most suitable for the Victorians to visit there. The final meeting of the French Flood Relief Committee was held at Messrs Curcier and Adet’s office on Friday (says the Argus), Jonkheer J. W. Ploos Van Amstel in the chair. The total amount of subscriptions received was reported to be £1344 19s 4d, of which £1312 3s had already been remitted to France, and it was stated that the expenses would reach a little over £50. Post-offices have been opened at Buckrabanyule, near Yowen Hill; and Myamyn, near Heywood. On the 1st December Rochester will be Post-office S. Bank station. Mr P. Macfarlane has been appointed superintendent of the Ballarat Industrial Schools, as from the 8th May last. There is another side to the cabowner grievance question. The “inns” say in reply to the “outs,” that the “outs,” by applying to the stationmaster, can get in any where if engaged bona fide, and that the “inns,” who pay for their privilege, and are under liability to a penalty for non-attendance, ought to be protected against mala fides. This is reasonable. The following magisterial appointments are gazetted: —Within the central bailiwick, George Grant, Pentland Hills, Myrniong. Within the midland bailiwick, Charles Johnstone Reid, Murchison. Within the northern bailiwick, Archibald Galbraith, Yackandandah. Within the western bailiwick, Alexander William Cunningham, Coleraine. The Administrator of the Government has removed George Grant, Bacchus Marsh, at his own request, from the commission of the peace for the southern bailiwick, with a view to his name being placed on the list for the central bailiwick, in which he resides. The Administrator of the Government has also accepted the resignation of the commission of the peace for the midland bailiwick by John William Burnett. Mr W. Baird, Spring Hill, has been gazetted deputy electoral registrar for the Glenlyon Division. Mr W. T. Campbell will deliver an address to young this evening in the Young Men’s Christian Association Rooms, Camp street. The University examinations will commence to-day at the School of Mines. A meeting of the Trinity Church Literary Society will be held this evening. The subject for discussion will be “Education.” 