FATHER BURKE ON THE CATHQ. LIC CHURCH AND SCIENCE. (Abridged from the Freeman.) kcOHCLUDBD.] THEN, on the other baud, they were told day ftfter day : " Ah, what would not tbe Church do to those people if she could lay her bauds npon them." Professor Tyndall was a great Jnau in his own sphere—a child of genius, a glory to tbe land that bore him; he was the scientific apostle of iigbt. According to those truth-telling writers, it the Pope only could get hold of h m he would improve his speculations on fight by putting it out (laughter and cheers). Now, this was a popujar delusion, and in this what were the men of science doing? They were doing simply this. They were doing what a celebrated Catholic called Don Quixote onoo did, when be attacked, of all things in the world, a Windmill (continued laughter). The- mill Was quietly grinding corn and flour to make bread for the poor labourers about, but the Don, in. his imagination, thought it was a grand castle, inhabited by ghosts and goblins Who held knights and fair ladies in durance Vile, and, setting htB knee in rest, charged it, and broke his bead against the wall (laughter And cheers). There was the Catholic Church quietly doing to-day what she had done fur 1870 (years, grinding, as it were, the corn of the Word of God, to make out of it the bread of life for men's souls (oheere). And around tier was not one scientific, but an entire army Of poor crazy Don Quixotes, ooming on witu their latices in rest. One said, " I will prove Bhe told a lie in suuh a year, here goes" (laughter). Another said, " I will prove (hat Bhe oannot co exist with the rights of oivil allegiance." He set his lanoe in rest, left bis great ]<arty behind bim wondering and ashamed of him, and went on alone to excite the ridiauie of everybody, and to full down as ho has fallen down (load cheers). In the faoe of all there he asserted a very simple proposition, and it was this—the Catholic 0 lurch » an n t the enemy, but was the friei d and patron and encourager of all true tcienor and of all true scientific men (cheers). It was all nonsense to assert the contrary, and Il3 would show it to them by bringing the search to tbe plain, ordinary test of common BenBe. Let tbem suppose for an instant that the Catholic Chuich was what those men declared it to be, afraid of her life of science, Afraid of scientific men, declaring that she could not bear them, telling them to Btand off. that if she -caught them she would fix them (laughter.) Let them Buppose that she considered deep scientific research to be inconsistent with the profession of her faith and the practices of hi-r morality, and what would follow ? Let them test it by common sense. They bad all like himself, been preparing for confession Bince they were Beven years of age, and did they ever say, When, examining their consciences, they opened their prayer-book and went over the table of sins, " Did I press my Btudies too far, or was I too scientific?" (Cheers and laughter.) Was any Cntholic buy ever expected to say this at confession—"Father, I am a medical student, and all tbe other students are tremendous fellows for science, and, father, I accuse myself that I was inclined to Stndy—that 1 was inclined and endeavoured to keep up with them in their reBearche* ? Oh J father forgive me" (great laughter). Now, be would put before tbem two reasons W-jich be Would urge as practically and dearly as possible to show that, despite all that was Baifi, the Catbolio Church could not be tbe enemy of science (applause). The first was the simple, yet bigb and grand reasun that &U; truth—wherever it exists in "the order of nature, or >in the supernatural order of revelation—that" all truth comes from God. There was nothing trae <<ftbe tbiDgB they saw in 'bis world, there was nothing true of the things tbey looked forward to and hoped for in the next, except in eo far as it coincided with the eternal truth, whioh is in God (applause). To say that one order of truth is hostile to another, that it it is destructive of another, was just the same as to say tbat Gqd contradicts Himself, Tbis was the heresy of tbe Maniobeans. Tbey said there were two Gods—tbe God <d Nature and this material world, end a God of the immaterial and spiritual and purely intellectual world. The Catholic Church laid her anathema upon this detestable heresy, and yet, strange to say, (he was to-day accused of being frightened at tlie truthB of nature, BB if they did not proceed from the same God EB gave her tbe troths of revelation. The great truths of science wherever tbey were found, no matter how wonderful the results of tbat science, if they were only trne, could not touch one iota, aff et one scintilla, of the revealed truths of ttpd in the way of injury. There was no xeom even for such possible antagonism «B this.' The great sciences—astronomy, chemistry, natural philosphy, and the like— movtd in the one groove and religion in the other, and, just as two railway trains on differcut tracks could never collide, so tbose two never dash (applause). The Catholic Church, therefore, was not af/aid of science, nor of the tcientifio man, as long as he sticks to his Own science and his own Bubjeot. Nay more, 0he encouraged him, she protected him, for she knew that every addition to scientific truth, every great di-oovery in nature, every real and substantial addition to man's know- - ledge, was a new manifestation of the b auty and wisdom of God, and in itself served to prepare men's winds more and more to receive His divine mess&ue; (applause). When, is iter history, did the Church ever persecute the scientific man as ancb, .as long as he etn^k to hiB own particular science ? When did she ever impede him, or injure, or imprir on iiipi in the days of her power f When did she ever eet tier censure on him as purely and entirely a wienttfio man t Never, When did she leave him unprotected and alone ? Never (applause). Her history told them, and in truth, tbey owed tbe grandest results of soientifio research t•» the protection and to tbe fostering and kindly oare of the Catholic Ohuroh, as he would endeavour to let tbem see. Was it not quite natural that the Catholic Churoh should footer the man of science, while she knew that every addition to real traih, even of the natural order, every addition to the mighty store of man's real knowledge, wag but a new revelation of the depth of the riobes, the wisdom, the power, and the beauty of.her God? (Applause.) What better preparation could a man's mind have to receive her Divine message than the preparation of science ? The more a' man entered into the great mystery of nature, tbe more did he behold, in' the admirable order and arrangement of those truths whioh he discovered by ha itual and deep study, tbe awful bidden power of the admirable hand of nature's God (applause). " Tbe heavens proclaim the glory of God, and the firmament tells the work of bis hand.'' The efore, be said, as long as the so eatifio man adhered to the true principles of his study and did not travel outside them, he found in the Catbolio Church a friend and an enoourager. He would give a proof or two of this. One of the great questions of the present day was the opposition which tbe Catholic Churoh appeared to have shown to the new and modern, and, he would add, the true system of astronomy. For many hundreds of years the scientific men of the schools of this world, not having the powers of the telescope or tbe aids of modern science, held that tbis world was the centre of the whole oreation of God — tbat this world or orb of ours was fixed and stationary, and tbat the sun, moon, stars, and planets of the heavens moved around it as their oentre. Now tbis was a mistake—a scientific mistake. It was held for hundreds of years—the holy fathers and doctors of the Church held it. Tiiey iuterpreted the words of Soriplure in its literal sense to confirm it. The Scripture told them that the Lord had established the earth upon its own basis, and would not be moved for ever and ever. Elsewhere it was written—" He hath established the world, which shall i$>t be moved ;" and, UDaided by soience and on a question which had no direct or immediate bearing either on faith or morals, tbe va-t majority if not tbe whole of them interpreted these words of Soripture in their literal sense to meau that this earth was one vast plain, not a globe, but a plain fixed in its place and tbat all the orbs of heaven revolved around it. Well, by degrees men began to obeerye tbe mot ons of the Stars, to observe the aberrations of certain planets, to observe certain familiar phenomena in the earth itself, as, for instance, that a heavy weight thrown from a very hiu'h place would not descend to earth in a Btraigbt line as it would if it fell vn a plain, but would fall slightly towards the east because the earth was moving meanwhile westward; when men discerned these things, the theory was started tbat tbe earth was not immovable, but moved, while the sun was immovable and fixed in its place. This was a great novelty—perhaps th« greatest scientific disoovery of any age. And this was brought forward as a proof by. these scientific men that tbe Catholio Church has no welcome for them, that she hates them, and is an enemy to tbe progress of science, and why? Because she opposed that theory. Now, the first man who proposed this theory was a young German, born at Coblentz in 1401, who bad turned his attention to astronomy. His name was NicolOB, of Pusa, and he published a hook, in which he laid down tbe principle tbat the earth was round, and. according to the doctrine of the day, he ought to bave been throttled (laughter); but he propounded his theory simply as a theory, for every philosophical truth must at its in- ception be propounded as a theory. It would be contrary to every principle of science and pbilosojhy to take' it as. an absolute certainty until its truth was proved. If he, with his theory, had gone into Rome by tbe Northern-road and enteied the Fluminian Gate, he might 4iave peen asked, " Where are yoa going—yoa are going, my friend, where tuere pre inquisitors who will pull the windpipe out of you" (a ltugb). However, not having met a kind angel guardian, he might ask what became of this young man, They brought him to the Pope—Nicholas V., one of the most eminent of our Pontiffs—who heard him prove his iheoryin the garden of the Vatican, and, would they believe it, be was immediately make a cardinal, wiih liberty to pursue his scientific studies (applause). While all tbis was going on at Borne, there was another man who entered on tbe scene, a man as great as Copernicus, as great as Galileo, the famous Christopher Columbus (applause), the man who opened a new world to Europe, who first set hiB eyes on tbe grand shores of the vast Continent of the West; the man who, in the providence of God, was the* angel sent forth, amongst other purposes, to prepare a home, a glorious and generous bome, for the descendants of the old raoe of the island in which tbey lived (enthueiatic applause). Tbe noble citizeos of his native Bepubiic of Genoa laughed at his projected enterprise. He came to Spain. He applied to Ferdinand and Isabella, the Catholio sovereigns of Leon and Castillo, but they were too much engaged with other affairs to attend to him, though he put before them, with the simple eloquence ofgeniue, the great hings he would do if they only gave him money and two or three ships. A deaf ear as turned to all that, and it was a memorble historical* fact that when no man would listen to Columbus, a Dominican friar, gebeso, took him in hand—genius spoke to enios, the trior said to the mariner: "No um seems to understand yon, but I dot" &d; shortly afterwards, when he mi moat i Archbishop of Seville, the richest and highest highest dignity in Spain, he placed his purse at the service of ColutubuB, and, humanly speaking, they owed Amerioa to the zeai and. discrimination of a Dominican friar who aided Columbus in bis great enterprise (applause). Another rose after, CopernicuB— a man oelebrated for his Boientific disoovery and more .celebrated system, because be was made tbe stalking horse of those who attacked the Catholic Church, although he was himself a Catholio. Twenty-three years after the death of Copernicus, Galileo was born. He beoame convinoed that the earih moved round tbe sun. So far there was no harm done. Tet, strange to savj the Catholic Church which did not condemn Copernicus, which did not condemn Di Chusa, condemned Galileo, and for tbis they were all to lie down and be hnmbled the moment Galileo's name was mentioned. Books and books have been published of the history of Galileo, and if they read them all they Bbonld study for six or seven years. Every assailant of the Catholic Church said, no doubt you may boast of the Church's antiquity, of the Church's unity, of the Church's sanctity, of the submission of tbe Church's members, but wait, what about Galileo ? down on your marrow bones (loud laughter). Now, he would in a few wordB explain tbe whole thing. When Galilro came to'the conclusion that^the sun was stationary and the earth moving round it, instead of writing a book like Di Cbusa's, or seeking additional proofs or reasons to convince the scientists of the day that hie theory was correot, what did he do ? The very first thing Galileo did was to lay down the fystem of tbe earth moving round the sun as an undoubted fact, as an inc introvertible fact—to call everybody tbat did not believe it asses and'Tools. When he was toll that tbe words of Soripture seemed opposed to this in the common acceptance of them he laughed at it and said, " Oh, my dear friends, the Scriptures in a great many things are inaccurate. You call it the word of God. If it ia the word of God you must explain it so as to fit into my philosophical theory or you are all asses and fools." Now, what was his philosophical theory—his astronomical theory ? It was tbis -That the earth moved round the sun. Tbat they knew to be the fact, but they had suifioent reason to know it. Galileo had not. Galileo did not know from Adam the lawB of gravitation, be never heard of such a thing as atmospherio pressure upon the globe; yet he asserted that the earth moved ronnd the son. What reason did he give ? " Oh," says he, " don't you see the tides come in and go out—sure that shows the earth is moving and wabbling about" (laughter). "That cannot be," said another celebrated man, " the motion of the tides is produced by the influence of the moon." "You area fool—an ass," replied Galileo. Tbat was his usual answer. When the Pope and the cardinals heard that tbe Soripture was to be made subservient to Galileo—when they heard that with tbe exception of tbe texts tbat bore directly and immediately on faith and morals, all the reBt was to be treated as allegory and myth, to be explained according to tbe whim of every man, at the very moment, too, when Protestantism in its outbreak left the Scriptures in the hands of the mult.itude wbo were running amuck with then ; when the Pope and cardinals beard all this, tbey properly called on the bold Galileo, and asked what he meant. And why should they not ? What did Cardinal Bnllarmine say to Galileo? These were the words:—"Wa cannot so bind the interpretation of Scriptures as to suit your style of astronomy, for this I tell you, when the demonstration Bball be found to establish the earth's motion, it will be proper then to interpret the Holy Scriptures otherwise than they have hitherto been in these passages whioh mention the moving of tbe heavens and the stability of the world." There was the answer of Home to Galileo. The idea that the earth moved around the sun was an established scientific fact. It moved, as they knew, with enormous velocity. They knew, moreover, that its motion was essentially controlled by the laws of gravity and of attraction. Galileo, who declared the Chnrch should submit to bend the Scriptures to his theory, never heard of the laws of gravitation in his life, and he was three years dead and in his grave when one of his disciples discovered that the air could be weighed, and that it pressed down on the earth with tremendous pressure and moved with the earth. Father Burke vindicated the Church at some farther length with reference to its condaot towards Galileo. As regarded his imprisonment, he said he spoke disrespectfully and ungratefully of Urban tbe Fifth, but what was his condemnation? He was absolved from all censure, he was then told that he was to' be kept in mild imprisonment during the pleasure of the Pope, his lriend. Tbat imprisonment lasted our days, and on the evening of the fourth ay he was told to go to the Florentine Amassador, after which he was Bent to his ountry seat. Yet Galileo was called a martyr. Father Burke concluded, amid proonged applause, with an eloquent peroiation, xpressing his faith in tbe immortal guidance f tbe Church, And in the infallible voice of eter her Pontiff. His Eminence the Cardinal Archbishop proposed a vote of thanks to Father Burke for his eloquent and instructive lecture. Alderman P. P. McSwiney, Lord Mayor- Elect. seconded the vote of thanks to Father Burke. The Bev. Father Burke returned thanks. Alderman McSwiney having been (tailed to the second chair, On the motion of Sir James Power, Bart., eoonded by Mr. 3. F. Lombard, J.P., a corial vote of. thanks was accorded tohis Emience for presiding, after which tbe proceedngs terminated. 