Miscellaneous. *' How does your brother set on in Now York, '? Parker?" 4'Very well, indeed, Ma'am, thank you. He's only there throe months, and he's already beginning to speak the language beauti ful!" The ghost of Noah Webster camo to a spritual medium in Alabama, cot long since, and wrote on a slip of paper," It is ti tetanies." Noah was , tight, but we are sorry to aeo that ho baa gone | back on his dictionary. ! "Ma," said a fire-year-old, "why do pa put his arm around your waistP" 41 What nonsense, child.*' "Oh do tcllf maV* Well, because he i lores me." "Then pa must lore Mary." *'Why, | my dearf" 1 saw pa put his arm around Mary's waist one day when I was in the nnnery." Alary has advertised for a situation. A MAN would have no pleasure in discovering all the beauties of the universe, even in heaven : itself, unless ho had a partner to whom ho might communicate his joy. I Those are bustling Tinus, said John Henry's wife, as she wrapped up one of our pipers for ! some mysterious use.-Cincinnati Ttiius. A MOVING Ajteal.-What drunkard could hear unmoved such observations as those which, according; to tho I ktroit Vrcc Prm>, were addressed the other day by a judge to a man named .John Kobiuson, who having drunk enough liquor at a *uloon to "trip him up," shouted for tho police, and on their obeying the summons, called iheni liars uud otherwise abused thorns' uI was," flaM the priboner, winking at the judge, "having a little fun." "John ltobin pou," replied the judge, "are you aware that this is a very eolutuu world-a world which has ten heartaclus to one smile ? Don't you know that the grim shadow of grief rots upon every doorstep, and that the tombstones in the cemeteries almost outnumber tho trees in the forest? There's wailing in every household, John llobinBou, there's grief in every heart. And yet you claim you were ouly having a little fun." Here tho prisoner broke in with tho words, "That's all, your honor; it was a holi day." "It was," continued the judge, tho tears streaming down his cheeks, "sad fun, John Robinson. While the rest of us were swearing off and making doublo back-action resolves, you were lying at the corner of an alloy dead drunk. It is fidols. or wxty days, BIT; and if this ease were before a Chicago police-justice he'd make it 500 dols. or a life sentence." Towards the close of his address the judge's voice was almost stifled by emotion; there was not a dry eye in court, save that of John ltobinson, whoso fea tures were overspread by a deadly pallor as each word from tho Hench fell on his oar, and seomed to pierce his heart like tho stab of a dagger. A GKEAT TIME.-"You jist ought to have been over to our house last night," shouted one small boy to another on the Campus Martius yesterday. "Why-making pictures^" en quired the other. "Naut much! humph! No, sir; our folks went away, and we had popoorn, two kinds of swoetoned water, milk and cam phor, drew the dog around in the table-cloth, and the hired girl told us eight ghost stories." -Detroit Tribune, The one thing needful for tho porfect enjoy ment of life is confidence. Tho same with hash and sausages. An UUterman has hit upon a happy expe dient for getting rid of rheumatism. He crowdcd into two fingers, and then had thorn both amputated. A French, valet, lately engaged at a noble house, startled the company with the following announcement before breakfast; "Prayers is on tho table!" " How much did he IcavoF" said an Aberdeen lady, on hearing of the death of a wealthy citi zen. "Everytiling," responded the lawyer; "he didn't take a shilling with him." A colored congregation in Drayton have de cided to forgive their clergyman for betting on three-card monte and losing $90 of festival money. One of the deacons remarked:-"We is all human end the game is werry enticing." Mauk TWAIN.-Some people imagine that Mark Twain is exceedingly smart. We knew him when he was grinding platitudes for the Virginia Enterprite, and he was a notoriously lazy grinder. Ho would sit at his editorial table Tor hours, drumming on a cracked guitar, while the compositors were waiting for copy, and when reminded of his duty by the fore man, he would say: "This working between meals is killing me." And he was the heal thiest man in the Territory. BAD AIH.-The Pall Mail Gazette remarks: Tbe vitiated Atmosphere inhaled by a family of poor persons sleeping in an over-crowded garret or cellar is not more unwholesome than that of many a London drawing-room crammed at midnight full of numbers of "good society.*' INCREASE IN PILGDUCTION OF W«OL.~AS ahowing the enormous increase in the produc tion of wool in these colonies, in Albury Banner notes thnt in 1800 the quantity of wool recei ved ia England from Australia amounted to about 60,000,000u>. In 1867 the total reached 133,000,0001b., or considerably over double the returns of the previous septennial period. This increase has been quite put in the shade by the returns for the seven years ending December 31, 1871, which show that out of j!4§,000,000 tb.-the total EngUsh import of foreign and colonial wool-no less than 225,000,t)00tb. was Australian. An editor of a newspaper at Nebraska savst 00, 000,000, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000, 000 grasshoppers passed over here yesterday. There might have been more or less, but wo did not count very closely. 