j wg, UGiL"J jEI D 'YET Hi1 'd W. hSPEAKElTl." Sgtha E dirot£mf the Herald.) Sya,--Will you permit me to ask through tbe medium of your paper, what has happened to onu sapient ShireCouncil lors? Is it true that -the ghost of the defunct engineer has :ppeared in the hand of my neighbor boniface. at the corner of his allotment on the south side of Murray Street, and has the mandate. gone forth -that thus frr shall. you come with the relaying of this channel, and no farther? Have our councillors indeed retired, terror stricken, at such a " will-o'-the-wisp ? If not, what is the meaning of the stoppage of the work ? Where are you, my friend of the moral standard, and you, George Pringle? Heretofore ye were not afraid to do battle with the substance, then why afraid of his ghost? Are the inhabitants of this town (through the error of any engineer) to be stricken down by a pesti lence engendered by the stagnant pools and swamps that accumulate in the winter time about the back premises of the residents or, this side of the street? Are the most valuable propertlesh in the town to be destroyed 'because there is not t proper, chinnel to carry off the storm water, and winter's rains? Truly, in no ,ther place but Colac would this be permitted. Now \- I he time for-the gallant Captain lately elected to win his spurs against the coming sniHal elections. He promised' to look attr the interest of the town ratepayers as wel as those in his vicinity. Iake your lade, my friend, and bring your eagi:eer, an pointing to the impdiinent, tell him bi .you do. not exptect him to attempt to mjue the water run up hill; but he must bo 'a' holel under this obstacle till he has paed the goblins, and then continue the eFv tenor of his.way until Le has sfinished t~jab. .Sotmething must be done, and thi quickly.' It' j no use minDing the ier further,it:will not do to have the Ulation decimated with diphtheria or auother disease. It the Council vwill not preed with-thiefork at once, the Board oflealtb must be' applied to, and if no bi can bhe got firoa'that quarter, then %jeihole of.the property, holders affected -t 'join with thole who are prepared to ttlegal proceedings in the matter;and 6- f supidity or common sense io to be iorder of the-day in carrying out the ceering works in Colac. .I amSir, &c.;, -. -: : LEBB 