TOPICS OF THE DAY. The action taken b.y the stonewallers last night in assisting lo pass the portion of tlie Land Bill, increasing the assessment in stock, is an indication that tho struggle be- tween the parties will he a long and hitter one. Had the Opposition taken the extreme course foreshadowed by Mr Berry, of stop-' ping legislation of all kinds, whether for the benefit of tho country or not, public opinion would have proved too strong for them, and tho wall would have been shattered to the ground. With a moro enlightened policy of obstruction, however, it is not easy to fore- east the result- Mr Curtain, M.P., introduced n deputation this morning to tlie lion, the Commissioner of Public Works io ask that the lime for furnishiug gns fittiugs for the Government House should be exteuded so as to allow those in the trade who lied not asupply of the par ticular kiuds iu stock to ascertain the cost in England, and also time to import the articles. Mr Jones stated. Hint in the ten ders tho parties were left to specify their own time, but the deputation replied that the house from whieli samples wore selected had, no doubt, full stocks of the kind on hand could supply them at any moment, while they had not only to ascertain- tbo prices from homo before being able to tender, but also to import the goods. Therefore unless ample time— say eight months— wero given, the bulk of the trade, including the colonial manufactures, would be shut out, and there would he likely not above one or two ten derers. Mr Jones said he was afraid Ihoy must now go on with the tenders. Of course if they were not satisfactory as lo price, or if the wholo of tho. tradej including tho colonial manufactures, had not a fair show; the tenders would not be accepted. Tho de putation then withdrew after thanking the Minister. A wretched looking woman, who, although she is scnrcely out of her teens, but whose bloated features bear evidence of her dissi pated liabitB, was charged at tho City Police Uonrt this morning with endangering the lives of her two little children, one of whom —a pale, sickly, half-starved little creature of 18 months of age— she carried in her arms, whilst the other, a pretty little four- years old gill, held, on to the woman's skirts, The court visitor, in consequence of a letter having been sent to Mr Stmt by some of tho woman's neighbours, yes terday went to the house occupied by the unhappy dipsomaniac where ho saw her lying on lier bed dead drunk, whilst the children were crying around. Mrs Barnes, the owner of the house related a shocking narrative to tlie bench of the conduct of the woman. She is alwnys drunk and her neglect caused the death of another baby of hcr's three weeks since, tho infant bavin" been ovcilaid and crushed to death by the mother in ,n drunken fit, Tho prisoner's husband, a respectable young man, sl ated that hiswifewns a confirmed drunkard anil had been twice confined in a lunatic asylum nnd lie nsserted that the child the woman carried in her arms was the fruit of nn illicit intercourse with a man who he found out yesterday had been intimate with liis wife for tho last two years. Tho prisoner was sent to gnol for six months in defnult of finding a surety of £20 to keep the peace. In our advertising columns full particulars are given of the dnyB nnd hours of departure of tho Golden Crown excursion steamer dur ing the holidays. We notice from our advertising columns that Ilis Excellency the Acting- Governor has consented to distribute the prizes to the pupils of the Schools of Design at a public meeting to ho held in the Annexe, to morrow afternoon at three o'clock, Tho mem bers of the Technological Commission, nnd many leading citizens are expected, and also a largo attendance of the public, A fatal ease of snake bile ii reportod from Briargolong(says tho Gippsland Times) A boy about II yenra of age, son of Mr M'Swcen a farmer in that locality, was playing out- s'do his father's house oil -Tuesday5 last when he was bitten 'on the leg by a carpet or ligcr snake. The little folio v at once ran in nnd told his mother what hnd occurred. Mr S. M'Sween sucked tho wound nnd ad ministered some medicine, Tho boy npp- penred steadily to improve, buton Thursday evening alarming symptoms set in, and lib beenme worse. _ Dr. Ecclcs was at once sent for, nnd on his arrival injected ammonia and presciibcd it internally. Notwithstand ing tho treatment, which was evidently too Into, the sufferer rapidly got worse and lost consciousness, and died ill. (hat\8taf6".dU.I Saturday morning. Much sympathy -; is -fett :S for tho parents as this is tho second son they havo lost through accident, the eldest hnv- t ing boon drowned some few years, since I in a wnlerholc at King's plain | The week precceding Christmas is | generally a poof one at tho theatres, out the . rule does not seem to obtain this year. Tho Opera-llouse has been wejl "filled every evening by enthusiastic audiences. Last niglit Maritana was produced, and Miss Met- villi was extremely good iu the title role ; otherwise the opera was presented with that completeness and painstaking which cha racterises Mr Lysler's management. To night OlTenhnoh's lntcst opera, La J olio Parfumeuse, will be presented, nnd Miss Melville will beahle to entertain her audience " in zo oily of ze sea." On Thursday eve ning Girofle-Girofla will bo produced, andi the theatre will be closed after Friday night, when the opera will be Ln Pericliole. The preparations for tho Christinas piece are going on, nud-it promises to he very success ful, being replete with novelty. i A miraculous eEcnpo from drowning oc curred at Sorrento yesterday morning (Mon day). It nppenrs that Mr Sahelherg, tho well known solicitor of this city, nnd a few friends (amongst the number being Mr John Powell of jtlic Office of Titles) were en camped on the Sorrento hack beach for an, outing ; they were all taking their morn ing's "dip in the waves of Bass' SI raits, when Mr Powell (who has recently been in "bad health) ventured farther out than the others, nnd when swimming back was overtaken by one of those treacherous rollers, which those who aie acquainted with rur ironbouud coast between Ncpenn and Cape Scbauk only know too well (they seem t o sneak along .the water, appearing otherwise calm and then hurst with a crash when ivilhin a few yards of the shore). The un fortunate gentleman was carried out to sea by tho receding waters, when Mr Sabetbcrg, seeing his perilous position, gallantly swam to his rescue, nnd aetunlly succeeded in reaching his friend, now nearly exhausted. Ho grasped him firmly by one hand, and with a few vigorous strokes of the other managed to gain tho crest of a wave on which both men were borne in shore, nnd fortunately succeeded in main tabling a foothold. Both gentlemen wero very much out and bruised by being dashed 1 against tho rooks, but are entirely recovered I from nuy serious or permanent injury. | They very nearly caught the hunyip up in I Gippsland. The Mercury snys ; — The other | day, while two gentleman were fishing in the " long waterhole" near the Hill Top, they were nslonislied to see an animal of a curious shnpo.ori tho bank. Tliey hnd hnrdly percci- ved it when it darted into the water and swam rapidly to the other side of the morass. Tliey bai\, time euough, however to note its appenrnucos, and this is Lli cj lescri p t ion given. It is about tho size of a largo calf, is covered with hair, and has on itsbaek just at the 'shoulders, two largo humps. Its motion on laud appeared as if tho tail was tlie propel, 'ing power. Tho peculiar phenomenon caused the fishers lo make inquiries, nnd they ascer tained that sometimes night was made |!iido- ous by the roarings of animals frequenting the lagoon. The noise was described as being like tho roaring of a calf, aud further they were told that tho blacks have been afraid to approach the wnterliole for a long time past. A gentleman who wns a resident of Queensland for somo time, having heard the description of the animal, thinks that it is identical with the hunyip. We give the storv as it was told us." 8 Melbourne will be belter supplied than I will be cither Sydney or Adelaide with amusements during the holidays. Besides the pantomimes at tho Thcntre Royal and Opera House, there will he Mr Mncdonald's variety troupe at the Apollo Hall, including the wonderful performances of Baby Benson, and Dr Silvester proposes to astonish tho public who may interview liim at St, George's Ilnll, Adelaide is miserably provided with amusements, the only company there . being a troupe of minstrels. The Itoyal Marrionettes pro ceed to Tasmania, and will open for tho Christmas holidays. The Tom Thumb troupe is, we learn, doing well at Massachusetts, U. S. America. Mr W. S. T.y«tor boo baa through his agent in America,' Mr Fred. Lyster, succeeded in effecting nil engagement with Mr Emmett, tlie great American tragedian, who is ex pected to arrive in Melbourne in March next. This actor will in his turn be followed by Sothern, tlie original Lord Dundreary. Mr J. P. Macdouald has succeeded in getting together one of tiie best variety companies ever seen in Melbourne. Iho Apollo I-Inll is well suited for Iho entertain ment, as it is cool and comfortable, great attention being paid to its fitting up. The cnlisthenic department is well attended to by Mrs Benson, whose step-dancing is of the best description. Tlieu the wonderful | Baby Benson is clever in' everything she undertakes, nnd sings and dqnccs equally well. Of Mr Farley and Mr Beaumont, Read, we need not speak ; tliey represent a higher form of art and nmply satisfy the requirements of the class- which requires more than'mere singing nnd dancing. The second " ghost giass" for the Fakir of Oolu's illusion, to he shown for the first time in St. George's Ilnll on Friday, was success- fully_ got into position on the stage, under Dr Silvester's personal supervision, yester day. The shoot, which was obtained from Messrs Brooks, Robinson and Co, is tlie. larg est in tlie colony. It is of pinto glass, and measures 14 feet by 12. Great preparations are ucing made tor the opening, and there seems to bo a whole army of men at work in the hall, getting rendy for' the imporlnnt event. )Ve arc requested by the doctor's private secretary to call especial notice to some very eulogistic comments upon .the entertainment, Bnid to have been expressed I by our contemporaries and some eminent | public men. The advertisemeut setting a them forth will be found in our special I column. I The Theatre Royal will be closed after to- J night, when tlie Ticket of Leave Man will be I represented for the last time. It has been 8 found necessary to close tho theatre so early | in order to have several full rehoarrals of tho J pnntomiue, some of the mechanical effects a hoing of a most trying kind, nnd it is im portant tknt they should be tried several times in private before submitting them to the public. The novel effects are being woll studied and will he produced with great per- fectneBS, Mr Garnet IValch has the localising, and it nec-d hardly he said he will do justice to the " stonewall." nnd other topics of in terest. Messrs IM'Dnnough and Eamshaw's Royal Marionettes have returcd from Ade laide after a most successful soiii- on, and departed for Hohnrt Town todny, where they will give a series of enterlninments in that, and in otlior towns of Tasmania; and will then leave the Australian colonies. The natives of Australia havo a tradiiion to tho rffeot that dofur.ct ab- rigin.al.i walk tho earth, and that tbo air is at times peopled wi li spirits. That inoorrizible Dr tiivo tor sayi he knows nothing of black ghosts, but ho . ill thow some of tbo "apparhional poisoners of the soil next Friday night, at Goo,- go', i n»ll. This joko is moro excruciating than any that Walth 0 over conceived- | 'a kifo. Fright 'b Fhorpkoil' no.— b Multitudcs of peoplo nvo hnpcloiuly lufioring 6 from Debility, Nervous and L ver Cornn'nint3, E Doproramn or Spirits, Hypochontliin, Timidity. \\\ Iniiigcation, Fuiiuro c-f Hearing. Sight, and g Momory, Laiciludo, Wnut of lV-vor. Ac., whoso S casoa admit of a puraiaiient euro l.y tho now 'i remedy Miospliodyno (Ozorue Oxyg n.) whioh ! at onco allay3 all irritation an I ixcitomoi-t, n imparts nowrncrgy ard Ffo to tho onfoohlod jj constitution, nnd rapidly cu.es overy stage of 1 thoso hithorto ii. curuhlo ftuil 'UsLrossinij C miladios. Fold bv all Chemists in il Druggists!: throughout the Globa Caution.— The largo aud i- lnoieasing demand for Dr Biijit'u PlicBphod.no ',! J I, several imitations urulor scnnowliat ;j oimilirm.mcB; purchasers of thi mcJi-.iiioshould g l bore. ore hocatoful to oh. orvo tint each case boars C tie Government Stamp, with tho words, Dr. s Bright's Phosphodyno engraved thoroon, and that i" ho same words aro also blowninlho bottlo. i : 