THE SCENE-PAINTERS WIFE. "You wouldn't think it, to look at her now, sir," said the old clown, aB ho shook the ashes out of his blackened clay; "but madam was once as handsome a woman as you'd see for many a long day. It was an accident that spoilt her beauty." The speaker was attached to a little equestrian company with which I had fallen in during a summer day's pedestrianism in Warwickshire. The troupe had halted at a roadside inn, where I was dawdling over my simple mid-day meal ; aiid by the time I had smoked my cigar in his companionship, the clown and I were upon a footing of perfect friendliness. I had been not a little struck by the woman of whom he spoke. She was tall and slim, and had something of a foreign look, as I thought. Her face was chiefly remarkable for the painful impression which it gave to a stranger. It was the fnce of a woman who had undergone some great terror. The sickly pallor of the skin was made conspicuous by the hectic brightness of the large black eyes, and on one cheek there was a scar — the mark of some deadly hurt inflicted long ago. My new frieud and I strolled a little way from the inn; where the rest of the com pany were still occupied with their frugal dinner. A stretch of sunny common lay before us, and seemed to invite a ramble. The clown filled his pipe, and walked on meditatively. I took out another cigar. I "WaBit a fall from horseback that gave her that scar ?" I asked. "A fall from horseback ! Madame Delavanti! No, sir ; that seam on her cheek was made by the claws of a tiger. It's rather a carious sort of story, and I don't mind telling it, if you'd like to hear it ; but for the Lord's sake don't let her know I've been talking of her, it you should happen to scrape acquaintance with her when you go back to the inn." " Has she such a dislike to being talked about ?" " I rather think she has. You see she's not quite right in the upper story, poor soul ; but she rides beautifully, and doesn't know what fear means. You'd scarcely believe how handsome she looks at night when she's dressed for the ring. Her face lights up almost as well as it used to do ten years ago, before she had the accident. Ah ! she was handsome in those days, and used to be run after by all the gentlemen like mad. But she never was a bad lot, never — wild and self- willed, but never a wicked woman, as I'll stake my life. I've been her friend through thick and thin, when she needed a friend, and I've understood her better than others." She was only twelve years old when first she came to us with her father, a noted lion- tamer. He was.a man that drank hard now and then, and was very severe with her at such times ; but she always had a brave spirit, and I never knew her to quail before him or before the beasts. She used to tako her share in all the old man's performances, and when he died, and the lions were sold off, our pro prietor kept a tiger for her to perform with. He was the cleverest of all the ausmals, but had a queer temper, and it needed a spirit like Caroline Delavanti's to face him. She rode ' in the circus as well as performing with the tiger, and she was altogether the most valuable member of the company, and was very well paid for'her work. She was eighteen when her father died, aud within a year of his death she married Joseph Waylie, our sceue-painter. I was rather surprised at this marriage, for I fancied Caroline might huve done better. Joe was thirty. five, if he was a day — a pale sandy-haired fellow, not much .to look at, and by no means a genius. But he was awfully fond of Caroline. He had followed her about . like a dog over since 6he came amongst, us, and I thought she married him more oat of pity than love. I told her so one day ; but she only laughed aud said — " He's too good forme, Mr. Waters, that's the truth. I don't deserve to be loved as he loves me." The newly-married couple did indeed seem to be very happy together. It was a treat to see Joe stand at the wing and watch his wife through her performances, ready to put a shawl over her pretty white shoulders when she had done, or to throw himself between her and the tiger in case of mischief. She treated him in a pretty, patronising sort of way, as if ho had been ever so much younger than her, instead of twelve years her senior. She used to stand upon tiptoe and kiss him before all the company sometimes at rehearsal, much to his delight. He worked like a slave in the hope of improving his position as he improved in his art, and he thought nothing too good for his beautiful young wife: They had very comfortable lodgings about half a mie from the manufacturing town where we were stationed for the winter months, and lived as well as simple folks need lire. Our manager was proprietor of a second theatre, at a seaport town fifty mileB away from the place where we were stationed ; and when pantomime time was coming on, poor Joseph Waylie was ordered off to paint the scenery for this other theatre, much to his grief, us his work was likely to keep him a month or six weeks away from his wife. It was thoir first parting, and the husband felt it doeply. Ho left Caroline to the care of on old woman who took tho money, and who pro fessed a very warm attachment- for Mrs. Waylie, or Madame Delavanti, as she was called in the bills. Joseph had not been gone muoh more than a week when I began to take notice of a young officer who was in front every evening, nnd who watched Caroline's performance with evident admiration. I saw him one night in very close conversation with Mrs. Muggle- ton, tho money-taker, and was not over pleased to hear Madame Delavanti's name mentioned iu the course of their conversation. On the next night I foutid him loitering about at the stage door. He was a very handsome man, and I could not avoid taking notice of him. On inquiry I found that his name was Jocelyn, and that he was a captain in tho regiment then stationed in tho town. He was the only son of a wealthy manufacturer, I was told, and had plenty of money to throw about. I had finished my performance earlier than usual oue night aoou after this, and was wait ing for a friend at the stage-door, when Captain Jocelyn came up the dark by-Btroet, smoking his cigar, and evidently waiting for some one. I fell back into the shadow of the door, and waited, feeling pretty sure that ho was on the watch for Caroline. I was right. She came out presently aud joined him, putting her hand under his arm, as if it were quite a usual thing for him to be hor escort. I followed them at a little distance as they walked off, and waited till I saw Joe's wife safe within her own door. Tho captain detained her on the doorstep talking for a few minutes, and would fain havo kept her there longer, but she dismissed him with that pretty imperious way she had with all of us at times. Now, as a very old friend of Caroline's, I wasn't going to stand this sort of thing ; so I taxed her with it plainly next day, and told her no good could come of nny acquaintance between her nnd Captain Jocelvu. "Aud no harm need come of it either, you silly old fellow," she said. "I've been used to that sort of attention all my life. There's nothiug but the most innocent flirtation be tween us." " What would Joe think of such an innocent flirtation, Caroline ?" I asked. " Joe mast learn to put up with such things," she answered, " as loog as I do my duty to him. I can't live without excitemeut, and admiration, nnd that sort of thiog. Joe ought to know that aB well as I do." " I should have thought the tiger and the horses would have given you enough excite ment, Caroline," I said, " without running into worse dangers than the risk of your life." " But they don't give me half enough excite ment," she answered ; and then she took out a little watch in a jewelled case, aud looked at it, aud then at me, iu a half-boastful, half-anx ious way. " Why, what a pretty wateb, Carry !" said I. " Is that a present from Joe ? "As if you didn't know better than that !'' she said. " Country scene-painters can't afford to buy diamond watches for '.their wives, Mr. Waters." I tried to lecture her, but she langhed off my reproaches ; and I saw her that night with a bracelet on her arm which I knew was another gift from the captain. He was in a stage-box, and threw her a bouquet of choice flowers after her scene with the tiger. It was the prettiest sight in Ihe world to Bee her pick up the flowers and ofTer them to the grim- looking animal to smell, and then snatch them away with a laugh, aud retire, curtsey ing to the andience, and glancing coquettishly towards the box where her admirer sat ap plauding her. Three weeks went by like this, the captain in front every night. I kept a close watch upon the pair, for I thought that, however she might carry on her flirtation, Joe's wife was true at heart, and would not do him any do- liberate wrong. She was very youDg and very wilful, but I fancied my influence would go a long way with her in any desperate emer gency. So I kept an eye upon her and her admirer, and there was rarely a night that I did not see the captain's back turned upon tho door of Airs. Waylie's lodgings before I- weut home to my own supper. Joo was not expected home for another week, and the regiment was to leave tho town in a couple of days. Caroline told ine this ouo morning with evident pleasure, and I was over joyed to find she did not really care for Cap tain Jocelyn. - "Not a bit, you silly old man," she said ; " I like his admiration, and I like his presents, but I know there's no one in tho world worth Joe. I'm very glad the regiment will be gone when Joe comes bnck. I shall have had my bit of fuo, you know, and I shall toll Joe all about it; and as Captain Jocelyn will have gone to tho other end of tho world, ho oan't object to the presents — tributes offered to my genius, as the captain says in his notes." I felt by no means sure that Joseph Waylie would consent to his wife's retaining these tributes, and I told her as much. "0, nonsense," she said ; "I can do what I like with Joe. He'll be quite satisfied when he sees Captain Jocelyn's respectful letters. I couldn't part with my darling little watch for the world." When I went to tho theatre next night, 1 found the captain standing talking to Caroline just inside the stage-door. He seemed very earnest, and was begging her to do something which she said was impossible. It was his last night in the town, you see, and I have very little doubt that he was asking her to run away with him — for I believe the man was over head and ears in love with her — and that she was putting him off in her laughing coquettish way. " I won't take your answer now," he said very seriously. " I shall wait for you at the door to-night. You can't mean to break my heart, Caroline ; the answer must be yes." She broke away from him hurriedly. " Hark," she said, " there's the overture ; and in half an hour I must be upon tho stage." I passed the captain in the dark passage, and a few paces farther on passed some one else whose face T could not see, but whose "short hurried breathing sounded like that of a person who had been running. We brushed against one another as wo passed, but the man took no notice of me. Half an hour afterwards I was lounging in a corner of the ring while Caroline went' through her performances with the tiger. Captain Jocelyn was ,in his lisual .place with a bouquet in his hand. It was New-Year's night, and the house was very full. I had been looking all round for sonic time, when I was startled by the sight of a face in the pit. It was Joseph Waylie's face, ashy pale and fixed as death — a face that meant mischief. " He has heard something against his wife," I thought. " I'll run round to him directly I can get out of the ring aud make matters square. Some confounded scaudal monger has got hold of him, and lias been poisoning his mind about Caroline and the captain." L knew there had been a good deal of talk in the theatre about the two — talk which I had done my best to put down. Captain Jocelyn threw his bouquet, which was received with a coquettish smile and a bright upward glance' that seemed to express profound delight. I knew that this was mere stage-play ; but how must it have looked to the jealous man, glaring with fixed eyes from his place at the back of the pit ! I turned to look at him as tho curtain fell upon the stage, but he was gone, he was going round to speak to his wife, no doubt. I loft the ring immediately, imd went to prepare her for the interview, and, if needful, to stand between her and her husband's anger. I found her at tho wing, trilling with her bouquet iu an absent way. " Have you seen Joe ?" I asked. " No," she answered. " He hasn't come back, has ho 1 I didn't expect him for a week." " I. know, 1113- dear ; but he was in front just now, looking as pale as a ghost. I'm afraid some one has been talking to hiiu about you." She looked rather frightened when I said this. "They can't say any harm of me, if they speak tho truth," she said. "I wonder Joe didn't'eome straight to me though, instead of going to the front of the house." Wo were both wanted in the ring. I helped Caroline through her equestrian per formance, and saw that she was a little nervous nnd anxious about Joe's return. She did not favour the captain with many more smiles that evening, and she told me to be ready for her at the stage-door ten miuute3 before the performance was over. "I want to give Captain Jocelyn the slip," she said ; " but I daresay Joe will come to me before I'm ready." Joe did not appear, however, and she went home with me. I met the captain on my way back, and he asked me if I had been seeing Mrs. Waylie home. I told him yes and that her husband had oome home. Joe had not arrived at the lodgings, however, when Caroline went in, and I returned to the theatre to look for him. The stage- door was shut when I went back ; so I supposed that Joe had gone home by another way or was out drink ing. I weut to bed that night very uneasy iu my mind abont Caroline and her huBbaDd. There was an early rehearsal of a new inter lude next morning, and Caroline came into the theatre five minutes after I got there. She looked pale and ill. Her husband had not been home. " I think it must have been a mistake of yours about Joe," she said tome. "I don't think it could have been him yon saw iu the pit last night." 5 " I saw him as surely as I see you at this moment, my dear," I answered. "There's no possibility of a mistake. Joe came back last night, and Joe was in the pit while you were on with the tiger." This time she looked really frightened. She put her hand to her heart suddenly, aud began to tremble. "Why didn't ho come home to me?" she cried " and where did he hide himself last night ? " "I'm afraid he must have gone out upon the drink, my dear." "Joe never drinks," she answered. While she stood looking at me, with that pale scared face, one of our young men came running towards as. " You're wanted, Waters," he said, shortly. " Where ? " "Upstairs iu the painting-room." " Joe's room ! " cried Caroline. " Then he has come back. I'll go with you." She was following me as I crossed the stage, but the yoang man tried to stop her. " You'd better not oome just yet, Mrs. Waylie," he said, in a hurried way that was strange to him. "It's only Waters that's wanted on a matter of business." And then, as Caroline followed close upon us, he took hold of my arm and whispered, " Don't let her come." I tried to keep her back, but it was no use. "I know it's my husband who wants you," sho said. "They've been making mischief about mo. You sha'n't keep me away from him." We were on the narrow stairs leading to tho painting- room by this time. I couldn t keop Caroline off. She pushed past both of ns, and ran into tho room before weoouldstop her. " Serve her right," muttered my companion. " It's all her doing." I heard her scream as I came to the door. There was a little crowd in the painting-room round a quiet figure lying on the bench, and there was a ghastly: pool . of blood upon the floor. Joseph Waylie had cut his throat. "He must have doue it laBt night," said the manager. "There's a letter for his wife on the table yonder. Is that you, Mrs. Waylie ? A bud business, isn't it? Poor Joseph !" Caroline knelt down by the aide of the bonch, and stopped there on her knees, as still as death, till the room was clear of all but me. "They think I deserve this, Waters," she said, lilting her white face from the dead mau's shoulder, where she had hidden it; " but I meant no harm. Give me the letter." "You'd hotter wait a bit, my dear," I said. "No, no; give it me at once, .please." I gave her the letter. It was very short. The seene-painteF had come bhek to the theatre in time to hear some portion of that interview between Captain Jocelyn and his wife. He evidently had believed her much more guilty than she was. "I think yon must know how I loved you, Caroline," he wrote; "I oan't face life with the knowledge that you've been false to me." Of course there was an inquest. We worked it so that tho jury gave a verdict of temporary insanity, and poor Joe was buried decently in a cemetery outside the town. Caroline sold the watch and the bracelet that Captain Jocelyn had given her, in order to pay for her husband s fnneral. She was very 'quiet, and "went on with the performances as usual a week after Joe's death, bat I could see a great change iu her. The reBt of the company were hard upon her, as I thought, blaming her for her husband's death ; and she was under a cloud, as it were ; but she looked as handsome as I ever, aod weut through all her performances in | her old daring way. - I'm sure, though, that she grieved sincerely for Joe's death, and that she had never meant to do him wrong. We travelled all through the next summer, and late in November went back to Homers- leigli. Caroline had seemed happier while we wero away, I thought, aud when we wore going back, slio confessed as much to me. " I've got a kind of dread of seeing that place again," sho said ; " I'm always dreaming of seeing the painting room as it looked that January morning, with tho cold light streaming in upon that dreadful figure on the bench. Tho room's scarcely been out of my dreams one night since I've been away from Homerslcigh ; and now I dread going back as if — as if he was shut up there." The room was not a particularly convenient one, and had been used for lumber after Joe's death. The man who came alter liitn didn't care to paint there by himself all day long. On the first morning of our return, Caroline wont up and looked in at the dusty heap of disused stage furniture and broken properties. I met her coining away from the room. " 0, Mr. Waters," she said to me, with real feeling, " if he had only waited to hoar me speak for myself? They all think I deserved what happened, and perhaps I did as far as it was a punishment for 111 y frivolity ; but Joo didn't deserve such a fate. I know it was their malicious talk that did tho mischefi." I fancied after this that her looks changed for the worse, and that she had a kind of nervous way in going through hor equestrian perform ances, as if there was a fever upon her. I couldn't judge so well how she went through the tiger act, as .T was never on the stage with her, but the brute seemed as submissive as ever. On tho last day of the year sho asked our manager to let hor off for the next night. " It's the annivorsnrvof my luisband'sdeath,"shosaid. " I didn't know you were so preciously fond of him," ho answered with a sneer. " No, Mrs. Waylio, we can't afford to dispense with your services to-morrow night. The tiger act is one of our strong features with the gallery, and I expect a full house for New Year's night." She begged him very hard to let hor off, but it was no use. There was no rehearsal on New Year's morning, and she went to the little cemetery where Joe was buried, a three miles walk in tho cold and raiu. In tho evening when she oame to the wing, her eyes were brighter than usual, and she shivered a good deal, more than I liked to see. " I think I must have caught cold in tho cemetery to. day," she said to me when I noticed this. "I wish I could have kept this night sacred — this one night — to my husband's memory.- He has been in my mind so much to-day." She went on, and I stood at the wing watch ing her. The audience applauded vociferously, but she did not make her accustomed curtsey ; and she went about her work iu a listless way that was very different from her usual spirited manner. The animal seemed to know this, and when she had got about half-way through her tricks with him, he began to respond to hor word of cemmaud in a sulky unwilling manner that I didn't like. This made her augry, aud she used her light whip more freely than usual. One of the tiger's concluding tricks was a leaD through a earland of flowers which Caroline held for him. She was kneeling in the centre of the stage with this garland iu her hands, ready for the animal's spring, when her eyes wandered to the front of the house, and she rose suddenly with a shrill screum and her arms outstretched wildly. Whether the sulky brute thought she was going to strike him or not, I don't know ; but he sprang savagely at her as she rose, and in the next moment she was lying on the ground helpless, and the audience screaming with terror. I rushed upon the stage with half-a-dozeu others, and we had the brute muzzled and roped in a few breathless moments; but not before he had torn Caroline's cheek and shoulder with his claws. She was insensible when we carried her off the stage, and she was conflned to her bed three months after the accident with brain- fever. When Bhe came among us again, she had lost every vestige of colour, and her faee had that set look which you must have ob served just now. "The fright of her encounter with the tiger j gave her that look," I said ; "I don't much wonder at it." "Not a bit of it," answered the clown. "That's the carious part of the story. She didn't think anything of her skirmish with the tiger, though it quite spoilt her beauty. What frightened her was the sight of her husband sitting in the pit, as he had sat there a year before, on the night of his death. Of course you'll say it was a delusion, and so say I. But she declares she saw him sittiqg amongst the crowd — amongst them, and yet not one of them, somehow, with a aort of ghastly light upon his face that marked him ont. from. the rest. It was the sight of him that made her drop her'garlaud and give that scream and rush that frightened the tiger. You see she had been brooding upon his death for a long time, and no doubt she conjured up his image out of har own brain as it were. She's never been quite the same since that fever ; but she has plenty of pluck, and there's scarcely any thing she can't do now with Babor the tiger, and I think sho's fonder of him than of any human creature, in spite of tho scar on hor cheek." Simplicity, says " Atticus," ami not brevity, is to my mind the soul of wit ; at any rate it is the origin of many a good thing. A young lady not long out of her school-room mot a male acquaintance at a dance the other evening. The exquisite, indulging in tho usual polite platitudes of the ballroom, told his partner that he was sorry to see so little of her. "I know it," replied the ingenue; "hut. mamma wouldn't allow me to wear a very low necked dress tliis evening. She said the weather was too cold." The late Puixce Consort ox Prayer. — The following is from Theodore Martin's new book, " The life of the Prince Consort " : — ' Lord W. asked the Prince if a prayer for the Queeu's peculiar circumstances should beadded? Prince: "No, no, you have one already in the Liturgy — all women labouring of child. You pray already five times for the Queen ; it is too much, Lord W." " Can we pray too much for her Majesty?" Prince: "Not. too heartily, hut too often.' " How to Quiet Houses. — According to a discovery made by Professor' Shief of Florence, a discovery whioh has been pushed boyoud him by many others, it was found that it was quite enough to touch the nostrils of a horse, simply passing the fingers along the sides of his nose, to stop the activity of his heart and respiration, and to stop consciousness in a measure. He did not find, but left another to find it, that interchange between the tissues and the blood is stopped. It is well known now tbnt most of those men who succeeded in quioting horse3 put their fingers to that part, and suinotirnes iu3ido tho nose. Merely touching those part3 may produco tho same effect ; pressing hard moro effect. It is not essential that the application ho mado there, ns a pressure of tho lip may do' the saino thing. Iu some animals — rabbits and guiuea pigs — if wo press noodlos into thoir chest and heart, so as to judge of respiration nnd cir culation, we find that we stop tho circulation as wo press the lips or part of the cheek. It is not that tho poor creature is frightoned, as when wo doprive thorn partially of their consciousness, as almost altogether by tho use of chloroform the same phenomena occur. There is a very curious fact mentioned by Catlin, who travelled in tho west and wrote two volumes on tue Indian. Jtto states that the calves of the buffalo, if they are caught ancl the air from the lungs of a man is strongly breathed into their nostrils, thoy becomo so fascinated by that peculiar influence that they will run after the horse of the hunter and follow him five or six miles. It is said, and Mr. Catlin affirms it, that in Texas, or in other parts of the country where there are wild horses taken by the' lasso, if tho hunter in taking hold of their nostrils forcibly breathes into the nostrils of tho horso, he will follow him and become perfectly tamo. A Woman Crucified ix Cuixa. — Tho Chineseoccasionally betray a fiendish ingenuity iu their mode of oommiting capital crimes. A few days ago one of the native newspapers in Shanghai reported that the body of a woman had been found crucified on a shutter ordoorway, floating in the river outside Woosung. The hood of a man was attached to the waist of tho woman's body and both were taken to the district city of Paoshan. The circumstances of.the crime have not been discovered, but it- is conjectured tliat the poor crucified wretch hns been faithless, and this revoltiug revenge had been taken by the injured husband and his friends. — London Telegraph. The Cave of Adullam Discovered. — Lieut. Condor, the officer in charge of the English Survoy of Palestine, reports tho discovery of tho City and Cavo of Adullam. Last year M. Clermout Ganneau fouud that tho name " Ayd el Mioh" wa3 giyed to a ruin in the " Shephelah," a low country of Judab. Further research has led to the already given conclusion. The ruins consist of the remaius of dwellings, tombs, aqueducts, forti fications, and wells still open. The city stands in a commanding position in the sup posed Vally of Blab, aud was well placed as a stronghold against the Philiatiuos. Outside the walls was a series of caves, still inhabited, and sufficiently large to hold David's followers. The ruin is eight miles north-east of Beit- Jib rin, which the explorers believe to bo Libuab. The ancient city of Hareth is also thought to have been found iu the immediate vicinity of the caves. Cannibalism ix Exglaxd. — Yesterday the South Staffordshire stipendiary committed Thomas Wordsworth, fishmonger, of Horsely Heath, Tipton, for trial to tho county assizes for having inflicted grievous bodily harm upon Richard Burgess, miuer, of West Bromwiob. Prisoner lias a stall iu the Great Bridge pro- vision market, and on Saturday, the 1st instant, falsely alleged that the proseentor had not paid for some fish he had ordered, forced him to the ground, bit off the end of his nose, and then as Burgess tried to rise felled him by a blow. Prosecutor's injuries necessitated his remaining in the hospital for a week and his face will be disfigured for life. For the defence it was submitted that prose cutor had been hurt by a fall upon broken glass. — Manchester Examiner, May 13. Australian Horses for the 30,000 Dollars Race ix California. — The ' San Francisco Chronicle of June 17, says : — " A. J. Byrant, the president of the PaciGo Jockey Club, is in receipt of a dispatch stating that Mr. Bowes, a noted horseman of Sydney, will start this week for this city with two of the best Sydney racehorses, which he brings over especially to enter for the 30,000 dollar four-mile race to be given by the club next Fall. One of them, named Jump, is a very fast horse, of great endurance, has beaten everything that has contested with him in the colony, and latterly had to be handicapped in order to get a race. The other is also a fast and game nag, but his prowess hns not been so fully demon strated. The Sydney horses are recognised by lurfmen as among the beBt in the world for long races, and trouble is apprehended from these two by our horsemen. W. II. Shear, who was sent to England by the jockey club to import an English racer for this great contest, writes to Mr. Bryant that there are any number of fast horses for sale, but he finds great difficulty in inducing the owners tc send out a horse on their own account, This he desires to do, believing that by this means a better horse will be obtained than by purchase. Mr, Bryant says he doesn't think they have any horses in England that can compete successfully with the American and Australian nags in such a l-nce as this one is to be, and it is not unlikely that " the old country" will not have an equine representa tive iu the great race. A Lad Sixteen Executed for Murder. — Carrollton (Ga.), May 21). — On the afternoon of October 30th, 187-i, as Mr. Henry W. Smith, of Carroll county, a farmer as well as a mer chant in a small way, was sitting in his store enjoying a post-prandial pipe, a lad, apparently about fifteen years of age and of rather pre possessing appeai-ance, ontered'the door. He had a story to tell, and he told it. His name' was Eiisha Yarbrough. He was homeless and friendless, and out of work. He would bo glad to secure a steady job, but, at the very least, he desired to earn a night's lodging, 11 r. Smith engaged him to finish digging a well that had been begun on his place. The lad seemed pleased with the prospect of a warm supper, a soft bed and a week's work, and fell to chatting with the proverbial garrulity of youth. — When bed-time came, Mr. Smith, who was a devout man, knelt in prayer, and offered up a petition for himself, his friends, and the friendless Eiisha Yarbrongh, who was to share his bed. It was the last formed prayer he over uttered on earth. Mr. Smith shared his bed with Yarbrough, and they retired for the night. Just before day the former got up, kindled a fire, and returned to bed. Shortly after Yarbrough arose, slipped on his clothes, and sat before the fire. Smith was sonnd a- sleep. Glancing under the bed, Yarbrough saw an axe gleaming in the fitful firelight. He secured the weapon and returned to the fire place. Presently he arose, approached the bed, and, with a qui ok, unerring blow, out short the life of the man who had been to him the good Samaritan. — is soon as he had strnok the fatal blow, Yarbrongh proceeded to possess himself of such portable articles of value as are to bo found upon the aholvos of a raode3t country store. Ho gathored a few yards of calico, a few plugs of tobacco, and somo other articles, locked tin; door, throw the key away, and fled in the direction of Alabama. — The store of Mr. Smith was the headquarters of tho neighbourhood, and the fact of his murder was soon discovered. It was known that Yarbrough slept with the unfortuuato man tho night boforo, and it was but a few hours before a body of citizens started in search of the fugitive. He was found at the hou30 of his fathot;in Randolph County, whevo he was arrested, nnd brought back to the scene .of tho murder. He confossod the crime as soon as arrested, but at tho same time implicated two dissoluto white women, who, he said, persuaded him to do the deed. Ho afterwards rovisod this portion of his con- fession, and affirmed that those women wera in no way concerned in the killing of Mr. Smith. Yarbrough was tried before the Superior Court, found guilty upon his own .coufession, and sentenced to bo hanged on the 2StlTof May. Owing to his extreme youth, a petition was sent to the Governor asking that the sentence bo commuted to imprisonment for life. Governor Smith, however, in this ease, as in all others of a similar character, refused tointerfero. The unfortunate criminal utterly refused to believe up to the last moment, that he was really to suffer tho extreme penalty of tho law, and it was only when he was brought face to face with the scaflold, and saw his own coffin, that he lost all hopo. The exocutiou was private, only a few parsons beiDg allowed to enter tho stockade which had beeu erected around the gallows. Yarbrough was brought down from his cell in tho gaol about 1 o'clock, and when ho saw tbe olaborato preparations that had been made, and realised that ho was to die, he wept, and cried, and trembled, and suppli cated those present to save him from the gallows. It was a most harrowing scene. At thirty minutes past 1 o'clock the trigger of the gallows was sprung by Sheriff Bedding- field, and the sixteen-year-old murderer, shrieking aud screaming for mercy, was launched into eternity. 