His Natural Life. By Marcus Clarke. Chapter XV. THE CORACLE. Is the morning, how eve of, Rufus Dawes was dist at work, and made no allusion to the scene of the previous evening. He had already skinned one of the goats, and motioned to one to set to work upon another "Cut down the map to the boil, and dow in the brisket to the knee, ' he said "I want the hides as square as possible By dint of hard work they got the four goats skinned, and the entrails cleaned ready for twisting, by breakfast time, and had ing be called some of the flesh, made a hearty meal Mr Wickers being still no better, Dawes went to see him, and seemed to here made friends again with Sylva, for he came out of the hut with the child, had in his Field, who was cutting the meat in long strips to dry in the sun, save time, and it added fresh fuel to the unreasonable be of of our by and jealousy that he had kindled for himself However, he said nothing, for his money had not yet shown him how the bolt was to be made Before mid day, however, he wosapartuei in the secret, which, after all, was a very simple one Rufus Dawes took first two of the straightest and most roper of the celery top pines which there had cut on the previous day, and 1 ished the right together, with the butts outwards Pte thus produced a spliced stick about In she feet long About two feet from either end, he notched the young tree until he could bend the next ounces upwards, and having so bent them, he secured the best portions in thou places by means of lashings of law hide the spliced trees now presented a rude outline of the section of a boat, having the stem, keel and stem in all in one piece lines having been placed lengthwise between the stakes, four more poles, notched in two places, were lashed from stake to stake, thus i running crosswise to the keel, and forming the knees Four more saplings were now sent from end to end of the upturned portions of the keel that represented stem and stem Two of these four were placed above, as gunwales , two below, as bottom laid At eaehintersection the sticks were lashed by only with hurling line The hole for area or is being complete, the stakes were drawn out, and there lay upon the grounds the skeleton of a boat 8 feet long by J broad those, whose hands were blistered and Bore, would fain have tested , but the convict wi uhl not hear of it 'let us finish, he said to Lording's of his own fatigue, the skins will be dry if we stop I can work no in no, says 1 hero sulkily I can't stand A on ve got muscles of iron, 1 suppose I haven t Tiny made me work when I couldn't stand, Mininoo 11 ele- It is wander ful what spirit the cat gives a man there a nothing like work to get i m of aching muscles so they used to tell me " Well, what s to be done ? " Cover the bolt here, you can set the fill to melt, and sow the bO hides together him and two do you see of and then sew the pin at the week there is plenty of catgut yonder "Don't talk to me as if I was idol says there suddenly " Be civil, can t you I But the other, busily trimming and cutting at the projecting pieces of sapling, made no reply it is possible that he thought the of signed lieutenant beneath his outlet About an hour before sundown the Indus were ready, and Rufus Dow es, having in the meantime much faced the i lbs of the skeleton with wattle, stretched the skins over it, with the irony side in w lids Along the edges of this coal mining he bored holes at noon als, and passing through these holes thongs of twisted skin, he (how the whole to the top and of the boat One last precaution remained Dipping the pumpkin into the melted tallow, be plentifully announced the seams of the sew a skiN The bout, thus turned topsy tin vy, looked like a huge walnut shell covered with red and reeking side of the skull of some 'lilian who had been stupid time .' cried Rufus Dawes, triumphant ' In cry of hours in the sun to tighten the hides, and she 11 swim like a duck the next day was spent in minor pi operations The jerked go it meat was packed securely into as small a compass as possible. The man burnt was filled with water, and water bags win in goats Rufus Davis, having fdTiiYtïîisû last wrote water, on a. wooden skewer through then months, and twisted it tight, tourniquet fashion He also stripped cylindrical pieces of bark, and having sown each cylinder at the side, fitted to it a bottom of the same mules ml, md caulked the seams with gum and pine the resin Ilma four were able buckets were obtained One goat skin jet leisured, and out of that it was determined to make a sail "The friends mo strong, ' said Rufus Dawes, "and we shall not be able to ion fu with such books as we have got If we get a breeze it may save our lives " It was impossible to "stop" a mast in the frail basket Btiuctuio, but this difficulty was over once by a simple contrivance From him and to him in two poles were bound, and the mist, lashed between these poles with thongs of raw hide, was seemed by shrouds of twisted fishing line i mining fore and aft She Is of balls were placed at the bott jun of the ti aft, and made a safe flooring It was late in the afternoon of the fourth el ly when these prices items were completed, and it was decided that on the in flow they should adventure the journey "AVo will cost down to the Bar, said Rufus Dawes, and want of the Black of the tide I can do no more now Sylva, who had stated herself on irritate. IiIUl distance, called to them No strength was restored by the flesh meat, and his childish spirits had risen with the hope of safety The increase a little creature had wrenched bodweed about her head, and holding m h had a long twig decor and with a tuft of leaves is to represent a ward, She personated one of the heroes of her books "I am the Queen of Hu Island,' she Bud merrily, and you are my obedient subjects Pioj, Sir Eglomoui, in the boot lead! It is, your Majesty, h and p of D lives " Then was will see us Come, walk in front of me I was task y in to rub your nose upon the ground, like Mm 1 ndoy, becaupothatwould be uncomfortable Ali 11 ere, } we don t play ? " Oh, yes I ' says I rode, unable to withstand the charming point that accompanied the words " 111 play What am I to do a " You must wall on one side, and be respectful Of course it is only Pretend, you know," she added, with a quick consciousness of 1 rein h concert " Now, then, the Queen goes to the Seashore surrounded by her Nymphs There is no occasion to laugh, 5hr Fiere Of course, Njinphs are airy different to you, but then we can't help that Alan thing in this pathetically ridiculous fashion across the sand, they halted at the coracle " So that is the boat I ' says the Queen, of may she pi land out of her assumption of dignity " You are a wonderful Man, Mr Dawes I ' Rufus] Dawes smiled sadly "It is very simple ' " Do you call this simple ?" says I here, who in the general joy had shaken off a portion of his sulkiness "By George, I don't This is ship building withavengeance,this is Tbeio'sno scheming about this-it s all sheer hard work " ' Yes ' ' echoed Sylvia, sheer handiwork sheer hind work by good Air Dawes 1' And she begin to sing a sort of childish charges triumph, drawing lines and bolted s lil the Band the while, with the square of the Queen Goodair Uiwwl floor! Mr I)awcn 1 Till in the work of good Vi JET I Maurice could not resist a sneer Sec Kjiiv Margery Daw, both lied 1k an 1 lay upon straw I r he said " Good Mr Dawes I ' repeated Sylvia, " Good Mr Dawes ! Why shouldn't I say it! You are disagreeable, sir I won't play with you once more" and she went on along the Band " Poor little child, ' said Rufus Dawes " You speak too harshly to her " Frere-now that the boat was made-had regained much of his self confidence Civilisation seemed now brought sufficiently close to him to warrant his assuming the position of authority to which his social position entitled him " One would think that a boat had never been built before, to hear her talk," he said " If this washing basket had been one of my old uncle's three deckers, She couldn't have said much more By the Lord," he added, with a coarse laugh, " I ought to have a natural talent for ship-building for if the old villain hadn't died when he did I should have been a ship- builder myself " Rufus Dawes turned his back at the word "died," and seemed to be occupied with the fastenings of the hides Could the other have seen his face, he would have been struck, by its sudden pallor " Ah I continued Fi ere, half to himself, and half to his companion, that is a sum of money to lose, isn't it ! ' " What do you mean ? ' asked the convict, without turning his face "Mean I YVh), my good fellow, I should have been left a quarter of a million of money, but the old banks who was going to give it to me lied before he could after his mile, and over) shilling went to a scapegrace son, who hadn't been near the old man for years That's the way of the 01 Id, isn't it Rufus Dawes, still keeping his face away, caught his breath as if in astonishment, and then, as if a cool ei ing himself, he b m, m a liar sh voice, " A fortunate fellow-that son "Foilunatol' ones here, vi all whether oath "Yes, he was fortunate ! He was burnt to death in the Hydaspes, and never heard a word about his luck His mother has got the money, though I never saw a shilling of it And then seemed displeased with himself for having allowed his tongue to got the better of his dignity), he walked away to the free, milling, doubtless, upon the difference between Maurice Fi e e with a quarter of a million disporting himself in the best society that could be procured, with command of dog carts, pi ice fighters, and game cocks galore, and Maurice 1 read, a penniless lieutenant, marooned on the barren coast of Macquarie Harbour, and noting as boatbuilder to a in use in) connect Rufus Dawes was also lost in reverie He leant upon the gunn aloof the much v minted boat, and his eyes were fixed upon the sea, weltering golden in the sunset, but it was evident that he saw nothing of the scene but one him Struck dumb by the sudden intelligence of his fortune, his imagination escaped from his control and lied away to those scenes which he had Btnien so vainly to forgot for cm He was looking for ana) areas the glittering his box and the wide sea no) and it-looking at the old house at Hampstead with its welfare numbered and gloom) golden He pictured himself i escaped from this present pen!, and freed from the sordid thraldom which so long held him He saw himself columns with some plausible story of his wanderings, to take possession of the wealth which was his-san himself hung once more well, free, Find n spotted, in the world from which he had been so long an exile He saw his mother's sweet pale face, the light of a happy home there He saw himself received with times of joy and nun idling affectionate tell me into this home on clo, as one t seen from the dead A new life opened evident beforehand, and he felt himself lost, as it were, in the con- templation of his own happiness So absorbed his he in these reflections, that he did not hear the light footstep of the child across the sand "Miss Y'iclais, liar ing been told of the success which had at owned the cow let's efforts, and can come here weakness so far as to hold Mr down the beach to the hut, and now, heralded) Sydna, approached, leaning on the arm of Main lee Fioie " Mummil has come to be the bolt, Mr Dawes ! cues Sylvia, but Dawes did not hear The child letter ited hot winds, but still the silent figure did not feel) " Mr Duns!' she cried again, and pulled him by the coat sleeve The touch aroused him, and looking down, he save the pretty, thin face upturned to his Seueel) conscious of what he did, and still following out the minimising winds and sun flee, wealth), and respected, he ciiucTil the little creature in his aims-as he audit have caught his own diuiLhtoi--md kinniel his Sjluii said nothing, but Mr. Fioie-annul, b) ozs lining of reasoning, is quite another i inclusion as to the state of afluís-ivis astonished at the presumption of the man The heartening regarded himself as ahead) to instated in his old position, and with Mia Y'ickois on his arm, i eel or ed the appin out but stones of the coin let as freely as he would have done had they both been at his own little kingdom of Mau i island "You insolent begin The cried "Do you dine Keep) our pi ice, so The sentence recalled Hufiib times to reality His place was that of a connel What business is id ho hills tunduriiPBH for the d lighter of his posed to do, this harsh judgment upon him seemed cruel He saw the two looking it the boat he had built He marked the (flush of hope on the cheek of the pool lady, and the full blown authority that already under land the eye of Miss ne Ficio, and all at once he understood the destinies Milutha had done. He had, by his own not, even himself again in bondage As long as escape was impracticable, he had been useful, and even powerful Now he had pointed out the way of escape, he had sunk into the beast of burden once again in the desert he was "Mr " Dawes, the Saviour in civilised life he would become once more Rufus Dines, tito i lillian, the prisoner, the absconder He stood mute, and let 1 into a point out the excellence of the el aft in silence and then, feeling that the words of thanks uttered by the 1 lily were chilled by her consciousness: of the ill advised freedom he had taken with the child, he turned on his heel and strode up into the bush "A queer fellow, said Lord as Mrs Vickers followed the retreating figure with her eyes " Always in an ill-temper " "Pom than I he had behaved very kindly) to us, said YIis Y'ickcis Yoi oven she felt the change of eneuuiHtiiiico, and knew that, without any r a son Unit she could mine, has blind trust and hope in the convict who had saved then livES had been transformed into a patronising kindliness which is quite forced to esteem of alfie tion " Come, let us have some Biippo, ' says Fierce "The list we shall eat best I hope He will come back when his fit of passion is over ' But he did not come 1 ade, and, after a few expressions of wonder at his absence, Mrs Vickers and her daughter, wept in the sweet hopes and fears of the morrow almost forgot that he had left them with marvellous credulity they looked upon the terrible stake they were about to play for oh already won The possession of the bone scouted 11 them he wonderful, that the son of the voyage they were to make in it were altogether lost sight of As for Ylamiee 1 hero, he was only rejoiced that the convict was out of the way He wished that he was out of the way altogether Co in the XVI Till WRITING ON THE' LINE H li no got out of eye shot of the ungrateful co on runs he had befriended, Rufus Dawes had thrown himself upon the ground in an agony of mingled rage and regret For the first time for six years he had tasted the littppn ess of doing good, the delight of Bel f abnegation For the first time for six years, he had broken through the selfish man in thropy he had taught himself For the First time in six years he had placed his own dishes second in importance, to those of others And this was his row in di He had held his temper in check, in order that it might not afford others He had banished the galling memory of Ino degradation, lost haply) some shadow of it might seem to fall upon the fair child whose lot had been so strangely cast with his He had stilled the agony he suffered, lest its expression should give pain to those who seemed to feel for him He had for some detail ation, when retaliation would have been most sweet Having all these years waited and watched for a chance to strike his persecutors, he had held his hand now that an unlooked for accident had placed the weapon of destruction in his grasp He had risked his life, foregone his enmities, almost changed his nature, and his relief had come in the shape of cold looks and hitish needs, so soon as his skill and courage had paved the way to freedom T hlH knowledge coming upon him while the thrill of exultation he had felt at the astounding news of his riches yet vibrated in his brain, under him grind his teeth with rage at his own hird fite Bound by the tie of the purest and holiest of actions the affection of a son to his mother he had condemned himself to social death rather than buy his liberty and life by a revelation which would shame the gentle creature whom he loved By a strange series of accidents, fortune had assisted him to maintain the deception he had practised His cousin had not recognised him The very ship in which he was believed to have Bailed, had been lost with every soul on board His identity had been completely des- troyed no link remained which could connect Rufus Dawes, the convict, with Richard Devine, the vanished heir to the wealth of the dead ship builder Oh, if he had only known I If, while in the gloomy prison, distracted by a thousand fears, and weighed down by crushing evidence of circumstance, he had but guessed that death had stopped between Sir Richard and his vengeance, he might have spared himself the sacrifice he had made. He had been tried and condemned as a nameless sailor, who could call no witnesses, in his defence, and give no particulars as to his previous history. It was clear to him now that he might have adhered to his statement of ignorance concerning the murder, locked in his breast the name of the murderer, and have yet been free. Judges are just, but popular opinion , is powerful, and it was not impossible that Richard Devine, the millionaire, would have escaped the fate which had overtaken Rufus ? Dawes, the sailor. into his calculations in the prison-when, half-crazed with love, with terror, and despair, he had counted up his chances of life the wild supposition that he had even then inherited the wealth of the father who had dis- owned him, had never entered. The knowledge of that one fact would have altered the whole - current of his life, and he left it for the first time now-too late. Now, lying prone upon the sand ; now, wander- ing aimlessly up and down among the stunted trees that bristled white beneath the mist-barred moon is now, sitting-as he had sat in the prison long ago with his head gripped hard between his hands, swaying his body to and fro, he thought out the frightful problem of his bitter life. Of little use was the heritage that he had gained. A coiwict-nbseoiider, whose hands were hard with menial service, and whose back was scarred with the lash, could never be received among the gently nurtured. Let him lay claim to his name and rights what then ? He was a convicted felon, and his name and rights had been taken from him by the law. Let him go and tell Maurice swore that he was his lost cousin. He would be laughed at. Let him proclaim aloud his birth and innocence, and the convict-sheds would grin, and the convict overseer sent him to harder labor. Let him even, by dint of reiteration, get his wild story believed, what would happen ! If it was heard in England after the lapse of years, perhaps that a convict in the chain-gang in Macquarie Harbor-a man held to be a murderer, and whose convict career was one long record of mutiny and punishment claimed to he the heir of an English fortune, and to own the right to dis- possess staid and worthy English folk of their rank and station, with what feeling would the announcement be received ! Certainly not with a desire to redeem thin ruffian from his bonds and place him in the honored seat of his dead father. Such intelligence would be regarded as a calamity, so unhappy hint upon a fair reputa- tion, a disgrace to an honored and unsullied mine. Let him succeed, let him return again to the mother who had by this time become reconciled, in a measure, to his loss ; he would, at tins best, but he to her a living shame, scarcely less degrading than that which she had dreaded. But success was almost impossible He did not dare to retrace his steps through the hideous labyrinth into which he had plunged. Was he to show his scarred shoulders as a proof that he was a ganUviiiim and an innocent man t Was he to relate the nameless infamies of Macquarie Harbor as a reason that he was entitled to receive the hospitalities of the generous, and to sit, a respected guest at the tables of men of refinement ! Was he to quote the horrible slang of the prison ship, and retail the filthy jests of the chain gang and the hulks, to prove that he was a fit companion for pu reminded women and innocent children 'I Suppose even that he could conceal the name of the real criminal, and succeed in proving himself guiltless of the crime for which he had been condemned, all the wealth in the world could not buy buck that blissful ignorance of evil he once had owned. All the wealth in the world, could not. purchase the self-respect which had been cut out of him by the bush, or banish from his brain the memory of his dogs edition. For hours this agony of thought racked him. He cried out as though with physical pain, and then lay in a stupor, as though Exhausted with actual physical suffering. li was hopeless to think of freedom and of honor. Let him keep silence, and pursue the life into had marked out for him. He would return to bondage. The law would claim him as an absconder, and would nifttfi.yiit.to W.'.'i.ïi"ii,iiipu-hjv,e!iAiO'}iVYnRifimuir(, as a reward for his exertions in saving the child. He might consider himself fortunate if such was permitted to him. Forliinalu I suppose he did not go back at all, but wandered away into the wilderness and died 'Í Better death than such a doom as high. You need not die ? J Io had caught goods; he could catch fish. He could build a hut. There was, premiere, at the deserted settlement some remains of seed corn that, planted, would give him blood, he had built a boat ; he had made of an oven ¡ he had fenced in a hut. Surely he could contrive to live alone, savage and fi on. Alone He had contrived in) these marvels alone I was not the best he him self had built blow upon the shore ? AVhynot escape in her, and leave to their fate the miser- able croatia ross who had treated him with such ingratitude 2 The idea dashed into his brain as though someone had spoken the words into his ear. Twenty strides would place him in possession of the boat, and half an hour's drifting with the current would take him beyond pursuit. Once outside the Bar, he would make for the westward, in the hopes of falling in with some whaler. He would doubtless meet with and before many days, and he was well supplied with provision and water in the meantime. A tale of shipwreck would satisfy the sailors, and-he passed he had forgotten that the rags which he wore would betray him. With an exclama- tion of despair, he started from the posture in which he was lying. He thrust out his hands to raise himself, and felt his fingers come in contact with something Boat. He had been lying at the foot of some loose stones that were piled cairn vise besides a low-growing bush I and the object that he had touched was protrud- ing from beneath these stones. He caught it and dragged it forth. It was the shirt of poor Bates. With trembling hands he tore away the stones, and pulled forth the rest of the garments. They seemed as though they had been left purposely for him. Heaven had sent him the very disguise he needed The night had passed during his reverie, and the first faint streaks of dawn began to lighten in the sky. 1 laggard and pale, he rose to his feet, and scarcely during to think about what he proposed to do, ran towards the boat. As he ran, however, the voice that he had heard seemed to encourage line. "Your life is of more importance than Ihoirs. They will die, but they have been ungrateful, and deserve death. You will escape out of this Hell, and return to the loving heart who mum is you. You can do more good to mankind than by saving the lives of these people who despise you. Moreover, they may not die. They are sure to be sent for. Think of what awaits you when you returned absconded! convict !" He was within three feet of the boat, when he suddenly checked himself, and stood motionless, staring at the sand with as much horror as though he saw there the Writing which foretold the doom of BeliuW./,.or. He had come upon the sentence traced by Sylvia the evening before, and glittering in the low light of the red sun suddenly risen from out the sea, it seemed to him that the letters had shaped themselves at his very feet. GOOD MR. DAWES. " Good Mr. Dawes I" What a frightful re- proach there was to him in that simple sentence ! What a world of cowardice, baseness and cruelty, had not those eleven letters opened to him ! He seemed to hear the voice of the child who had nursed him, calling on him to save her. He seemed to see her at that instant standing between him and the boat, as she had stood when she held out to him the loaf, the night of his return to the settlement. He staggered to the cavern, and seizing the sleeping Frere by the arra, shook him violently. "Awake! awake !" he cried, " and let as leave this place !'' Frere, starting to his feet, looked at the white face and bloodshot eyes of the wretched man before him with blank astonishment. " What's the matter with you, man is" he said. " You look as it you'd seen a ghost !" At the sound of his voice Rufus Dawes gave a long sigh, and drew his hand across his eyes. " Come Sylvia !" shouted Frere, " it's time to get up. I am ready to go; !" The sacrifice was complete. The convict turned away, and two great glistening tears rolled down his rugged face, and fell upon the sand.,', [TO BE COXriKCED.J 