Marla Heller, the Prophetess. THE Melbourne Argus contains a long special report in reference to the Silesian immigrants who settled some months ago near Major's Plains, Victoria, in the Benalla District. The correspondent was accompanied on his visit by Inspec- tor Brock, of the Victorian police, and a German interpreter. The following condensed report will be found inter- esting : The settlement is on Messrs. Nichol and Telford's Yarrawonga station, at Hill Plains. The poor people, it appears all come from small villages, near Hainau, in Silesia. They profess the Lutheran religion, but a few years ago a young woman, named Maria Heller, was seized with epileptic fits, and pretended to receive divine inspiration during these attacks. The ignorant villagers begae^, to believe in her, especially as one*r two of her statements, or what she termed prophecies, relative to local matters came true. At last she prophesied the Franco Prussian war, and when that took place their belief in her was boundless. In 1874, in one of her fits she announced that the Lord had told her that in a very short time a frightful war would break out, and devastate not only Germany but the whole of Europe, and that Australia would be the only safe place in the world. She therefore called upon them to follow her to that place, and promised that after remaining there ten years she wonld bring them back to Jerusalem, which would be their second resting-place, after which they would return again to Germany and find peace and plenty after all their wanderings. They believed her story, and at once commenced preparations for their long and weary journey. All their little savings were put into one common fund, and, carrying with them their household effects, they left Silesia, numbering 64 souls, and making their way to Hamburg, where they took the steamer to London, in order to get a ship to carry them to Australia, their land of promise. They took passage in the steamer Somersetshire, and arrived in Melbourne I in April last Here four of the party . seceded, thus reducing the number to 60. . Their stock of money at this time amounted to £tio. They made inqui- ries about taking up land, and knowing that there were two settlers in the Benalla district who came from their own part of Silesia, they decided to settle near them, and accordingly made their way to their present camping ground. The settlers referred to are two brothers named Carl and Wilhelm Berndt, and not Burns, as was staled. From what can be learnt Mr. Carl Bemdt has behaved very kindly to these poor people, but just now they have disagreed, for when he found that instead of taking the sound advice he gave them, they persisted in accepting the ravings of the woman Heller, and doing as she ordered them, he declined to have any further business transactions with them. The first cause of disagree- ment between Berndt and the immigrants was in consequence of the woman Heller. He inquired what money they had, but while they refused to tell him the exact amount, they let him know that it was not very much. Consequently he advised them not to take up too much land for their capital. The prophetess, however, ordered them each to take up 200 acres if possible. Some high words passed between them, and Berndt expressed his determination to have nothing more to do with them if they persisted in follow- ing the advice of this woman on such subjects. Since then they have only spoken occasionally. He stated that when they landed they had plenty of provisions which they had brought with them from home, and also saved from their allowance on the voyage out. When they took possession of die land they had selected they commenced to clear the most lightly timbered land, but they used only to work for a few hours daily, and did not throw any energy into the work. Every one did a portion, even down to the little children. When their provisions were exhausted they purchased flour and sheep from him, and he let them have those articles cheaper than he sold them in the market. Since they had been at Hill-plains, although some of their number had died, the woman Maria would not allow the doctor to be called in when they were sick, but merely prayed over them. He had heard she did the same on board the ship coming out, and would not have them attended by the ship doctor. As the party were informed that one of thc men who had seceded from the rule of the prophetess was then on Berndt's farm, a request was made that he might bc seen. This was readily agreed to, and upon proceeding to blacksmith's shop, near the house, a fair, stout, active young fellow, about 30, was found busily engaged at the forge repair- ing some tools. The object of the visit was explained to him, and he expressed a ready willingness to give all the infor- mation in his power. He stated : Ile was away from bis village daring the Franco-l'ruB8iau war. Ho was in the 42nd regiment of the linc, and served at Metz and Amiens. After the evacuation of France by the German army he returned home, and found that the woman Heller had attained great power over the villagers in thc neighbourhood of Hainau. She was about 30 years cf agc, and was educated rather better than those around. Her family had diseardedher ul con- sequence of her conduct. He had never heard of her doing anything to earn her livelihood, but she was supported by the whole of thc community. When they arrived here she said that she had received a message in her sleep that Messingbrod, one of their number, was to marry her. In consequence of that they lived together as man and wife. Since tiley had been on the Hill-plains that man had died, and she had then chosen another man named Schultz. He waa now living with her. She controlled the whole of them, and they had to do whatever she told them. He did believe a little in her at first, but bo had become tired of her nonsense, and with his wife liad left the community, and was now working for Mr. lierndt. Dis parents and sisters still h ved at the settlement, and he had doue all ia his power to get tlieni away, l>ut without avail, aa they fully believed in thia woman. Ile had hc*n able at times to senil them a few little things, but bc believed Maria touk thc best of it for herself. They hod no money and very little food, ile thought it would bo a good thing for them all if it was possible for thc police to take Alaria away, as she was certainly thc cause of starving them all, for she would not allow flem to go to work. Since they bad been there, eight of their number bail died. Noüce of the death of the first three was given to the police, at Major-plains ; but the others were simply buried at thc settlement without any notice being riven, or any doctor attend- ing them. Maria said some prayers at thc graves. The party, under the guidance of Mr. Berndt, next proceeded to the settle- ment, about two miles distant. The huts were seven in number, and con- structed of bark, similar to those seen at the other settlement, but they were much smaller. Most of them only con- tained one room, about J5 ft. by loft. Upon entering the first but a woman, who said she was 3Ö but looked 60, was found suffering from the effects of a severe attack of rheumatism, but other- wise she appeared well enough. In ftganother place there was an old man of bo confined in his bed from scurvy and general debility ; and in a third hut was a lad of 13 in a very bad state from scurvy. Inspector Smith, had, of course, certain official duties to perform that necessitated an interview with the woman . Maria Heller, and an inquiry was made as to her whereabouts. Thc party were at once shown her hut, on reaching which it was found that the inmates were about to commence their midday meal, as they were engaged in a long German grace, said in a most reverent manner. At its conclusion, thay were told that after their meal was over some conversation was desired with the woman. A glance at the table showed that all they had was some bread or damper, swimming about in a plate of greasy water, dignified hy the name of soup. While the prophetess and her companions were at dinner the party entered into conversation with the elder children, who answered all their inquiries readily. One of the girls, 15 years of age, had. managed to pick up a little English, and she was very proud of her acquirements, but her companions ap- peared to envy her because she had obtained a situation to which she was going on Monday. She was to get 3s. per week, and they evidently looked upon that sum as a very Jarge one, while the girl herself appeared to be as happy as possible at her brilliant prospects. There were three other girls who ex- pressed a desire to get situations if they could, but would prefer lannwork to household work, and Inspector Smith promised to get them situations if pos- sible. By this time Maria Heller had finished her meal, and the party returned to her hut. She was sitting at the table trying to sew, but her hands were shaking so much, apparently with fear at the sight of the police uniform, that she could not make a stitch. Alongside her was the man Schultz, who, according to the man Schmidt's statement, is her chosen com- panion at present. He also was engaged in sewing. He was a little, thin, miser- able, prematurely-aged looking young man, with a livid white complexion, and evidently far gone with consumption, j The woman kept her head down, and for a time it was impassible to see her j face. The conversation had scarcely j commenced-in fact the interpreter had not asked her name-before she prc- j tended to get very excited, commenced screaming, and was evidently trying to j work herself into an hysterical fit. The other women-all of whom, by the way, ? are older than herself-at once rushed into the hut and, carrying her to the bed, commenced to fondle and caress her like a spoiled child. As it was so palpable that the woman was shamming a suggestion was made by Inspector Smith that the only proper way to deal with such cases was to cut oflf the patient's hair and throw a few buckets of . water over her. As this suggestion was accompanied by a request for a pair of scissors, the woman, evidently thought the cure was to be tried upon her, and she soon recovered. She, however, re requested a few minutes' delay before speaking to Inspector Smith, which was granted to her. While, this had been going on, the men, who had been away somewhere, returned to the hut, and they were interrogated as to their condition. They admitted that there was no money amongst them, and that there was nothing but a little flour left in the camp, but they were in hopes of getting some more from the mill on credit to carry them on until they gathered their harvest. They had but very little meat, their principal food being damper. . They would be very glad of a little assistance in the way of food until they get in their harvest. As to the power exercised over them by the woman ¿vW¡a Heller, they refused to give any ^Ü&rroalion;, until at last one voluble little man staled that lie was her step father. He was at once pounced upon and led far away from his companions and submitted to a scries of questions. He said, " My name is Cari Schultze.' I am 5(i years of age. I consider myself thc stepfather of Maria Heller. She is 311 years of agc I am her stepfather, because her parentB arc dead. I have known her about five years. 1 knew ber . at Jhordanton, near Hainau, in Silesia- She has not always had these fits. She is not actually sick, but wben she is in a trance she has conversations with heavenly spirits. I believe that this is as true as that there is a God in heaven. I am convinced thc ghost (spirit) of cur Saviour converses with her in thc same manner as is mentioned in thc Bible. Thc spirit of God speaks through her mouth when she is in one of those fits. 1 am aware the law has been broken by burying thc bodies of the dead without giving notice to thc authorities- but what were wo to do? Wc cannot speak English. Tho notices of thc first three deaths were sent to thc police through Carl Berndt. Wc also sent him the other five notices, but lie refused to send them on. Maria ? does not interfere in cases of sickness. Wo could not send for a doctor because we bad \- no money. No doctor would come all this distance without payment. Wc have not much food. I think if some of those who arc dead had hod good food they would not have died so soon. I do not know how often Alaria has these trances, She had one last night. 3 do not know whether she received any mes- sage from heaven. Wo left Silesia to come herc because v*c wero commanded to do so hy ! the Almighty. " While this conversation was goinr; on Maria had recovered from her fit, and was watching the old man from a dis- tance with some little anxiety, as if she I 1 was afraid that he might in his loquacity j make certain revelations that would not suit her. Unable to stand it any longer, she walked across to the tree where the conversation was going on, and then was afforded the first opportunity that had I been obtained of seeing what the woman j was like who had induced so many poor villagers to follow her to starvation and death. She is a woman about 5 ft. in height, and looks about forty j years of age, although only owning to thirty- three. She is far from prepos- sessing in appearance. In fact, she is the most ill-favoured of the whole com- munity. She has a low retreating fore head, shaded by heavy masses of coarse black hair. She has overhanging black eyebrows, and generally a suspicious uneasy appearance. Her nose is broad and flat, her lips thick and sensual. She has a massive lower jaw. Without waiting to have any questions put to her she commenced a rapid statement, as follows : " I have had theso trances since childhood. I don't know what happens to mc when I am in them. I believe thc Lord speaks to mc then. I only know that thc Ijord has ordered me to lead a quiet life, and (excitedly) I deny that I was ever married, or had anything to do with men. I don't attempt to guide or interfere with theso people or their children. I don't try to prevent them going to work. The only thing I try to do is to koep them to their religion, and to bring their children up in thc right way. I am a Lutheran by religion, but I believe that the Almighty often speaks to mc." This closed the conversation, and she was advised not to give way to these fits too much, as they might ultimately lead to her separation from her friends and incarceration in the Beechworth Asylum. Inspector Smith ordered a certain quantity of provisions to be supplied to these people, and gave an order for meal, flour, tea, sugar, potatoes, &c;, to be supplied to them, so as to carry them over the harvest, for which they appeared very thankful. In fact, it was quite a pleasure to watch the faces of the chil- dren as they listened to the list, which was read over by the interpreter ; it was evident, although they did not show it, that a good substantial meal had been a stranger to them for a long time past. The following is a list of those who have died :-Mrs. Reich, aged 70 ; Phoebe Phibig, 50 ; Wilhelm Schuman, 50 ; Gottlieb Messingbrod, 50; Martha Messingbrod, 25 ; and a stillborn female child. The four now sick are Martha Vitelhoven, with pains in the chest ; Gotfried Dinnant, aged 60, scurvy and general debility; Johanna Dinna, 36, rheumatism ; Julius Anders, scurvy. Subsequently Dr. Nicholson, by re- quest of the Government, visited the settlement. His report is embodied in the following telegram, dated from Benalla, November 29 : Dr. Nicholson arrived at the Hill-plain settlement at 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Upon examining the sick persons, he stated that tho disease they were suffering from was land «curvy, brought on by improper and in- sufficient food. He expressed himself satisfied with thc personal cleanliness of the settlers. The provisions ordered by Inspector Smith arrived late on Sunday evening, in charge of Mr. Coghill, of Major-plains, uut a dray load had arrived during the previous day. These provisions had been sent by Mr. Hill, the manager of the bank at Dookie South, in com Ïiliance with the request of Mr. Holmes, P.M. )r. Nicholson considers that there is a possi- bility of the patients recovering. He had, however, no interpreter with him, and could not freely converse with them, and had there- fore to be content with a physical examination. While Dr. Nicholson was examining the sick boy, the woman Heller had one of her hysteri- cal fits in the samo hut. VEEV few Chinamen (tho Wimmera, ftzr remarks) have sufficiently advanced in Western civilisation a» to bo able to appreciate the ad- vantages of being "lambed down" by publi- cans. There is yet hope for thc Celestials, however. The other day, a Chinaman from one of thc back stations came to a township and deposited with the landlord a cheque for between £S0 and £90. The benighted Pagan did not, as a civilized Briton would have done, drink out all thc money at once, but spent only two or three pounds and then returned to work. He was sufficiently alive to what was required of him to leave thc balance of tho cheque in the hands of the publican for a " bust " at Christmas. TUE Victorian Protection League, according to the Telegraph, arc bent ou carrying matters to an outrageous extreme. Between 4000 and 6000 people assembled iu thc Eastern Market on the 30th ultimo, at thc invitation of thc Victorian Protection League, to "demand a dissolution of thc Assembly." Niue speakers addressed tho meeting, all of whom have been more or ÏCBS connected with thc political agitationsgot up in favourof thcBerry Adminis- tration. A great deal of "tall talk" was indulged in, and one individual went so far as to urge that tho time had arrived when wc must either have a dissolution or a revolution. Another wanted to "cut the painter," and gloried in not being a loyal subject. Resolu- tions were carried to thc effect that thc Assembly has not thc confidence of the country, and requesting thc Liberal members of the HOUBC to persist in retarding business until an appeal is made to tho constituencies. The meeting was as noisy, and generally speaking as rowdy, as these evening gatherings usually are, and on thc outskirts of thc crowd a cheer was called for '* Wcochurch," and was given with some gusto. 