A Cypher Telegram. (From the Argosy.) Anglo-American Telegraph Com pany. John Bolton & Co., Liverpool. To Preston, Banks, & Co., New Orleans. Kildare-Description-Seared-Ecua dor — Pot—Screamer—Shrimp-Betsy Nameless- Bobby-Bellona-Obscure -Numantia-Rattletrap-Richard ' Sackbnt—Sally—Salmon—Penholder. 19 words at 4s Bd.-—£4 Ss Gd.2l 1 -7 S. Time, 2-2. r > p.m, Tub above meaningless and rather odd jumble of words is a literal copy of a cypher tetegram, ; sent front a firm of cotton merchants in Liverpool to their agents and brokers in New Orleans. ? ;??' There is an old saying that one half .the world docs'riot know, how the other half gets on. It is especially true with reference . to the great cotton trade of Lancashire, of which ' the rest of England generally is in a state of the . most wonderful ignorance; cotton, and \- all concerning it, excepting in the shape ? of calico, being amongst the greatest : and most inscrutable of mysteries to -those not immediately concerned. "Per haps, a glimpse behind the scenes into . one of .the"'curiosities of the cotton trade may not be without attraction to the uninitiated. . "-.'.?/ It must bo understood that cypher j ?telegrams are totally ; distinct from cypher,' or secret, writing *./ ' the one being employed solely for secrecy, with . put regard to'length ; the other being contrived so as to condense a message into .as small a space and as few words ? as possible. ; ; ."?; : The second column of tho first page of the Time* is a perfect magazine of curious, and generally' absurd, cypher writing ; and almost every schoolboy has some pet system ;?* his finger-ends ; but in both these, the words aad sen tences,however disguised, are written out at full length, and are frequently easy to decipher by ah expert or any one who chooses to take the trouble.., In ? the cypher telegram, on the contrary, one word is mado to stand for a coiri .'. ploto sentence, and without the key that '.: word lis simply an enigma, unreadable to .?'anyone.--'-; ?..' jSi* doubt those condensed messages ?? are:. in rise all oyer the world, bat the Atlantic cablo certainly has a monopoly ;'.of them; hundreds, of cypher, telegrams, :almost entirely concerning ."cotton," being Bent every day.'. ;.-.:. "The item for telegrams (or, as they are technically called, cablegrams) in a merchant's office is- something ve.rj* serious, oft; times amounting to -i hundred pounds a week. Tho price per :- word being a consideration, the aim is '. ? send as few words, and convey as rauch information, as possible.' A great num ber of cypher codes are In use, compose! -. generally of columns-of words or figure's (single letters are not allowed by the. -.- telegraph company) answering to every possible omei-gency. . These codes, are kept profoundly secret, and to prevent : the clerk -and employes in. the offic-.-s . interpreting and divulging the messag;, a , secret' understanding often exists between the principals to read the cypher backwards or forwards '? half-a- dozen words. The one from which the above message is taken is contained.in a good-, sized book, and presents the most unin telligible aspect to an outsider. Indeed, | such a queer combination of words, as j "scared, pot, jcreamer, Bobby,""'and shrimp" might-lead j-pno,_to theconcht sion that tho cotton merchants were given to indulge in ah'eccentric species ; of: peculiar to themselves; batytiie words have a stern, significance that rneans;''.lmainesisy". and woe to the' ?Since; tarUf ha:*berin ' reduced to 2s 8d per;word. unwary mortal who should- yen-tore? to suggest, fliat the ghost ofa.jokeOnrk.ed ht their iinsitspectaag syllables. They form, a cypher teleg- ranteiv. the- most. nn- TelefAtuig---*" bn_Uwjast avpejst, dimtnntiTe *? shririrn.'** "bearing a grim message of special intelligence t and the very inisentimentnl - ". answering; to the natmc - of" -various-' firms, who are wont to he addressed by timeh more .respectful titles. ? It is necessary to take nt-tice thaiHhe cotton bought by cable - i*- still in America or on the sea; .In fact, itis often bought, re-hold and j-et-bought again perhaps half- a-dozen times, be-fore it ever touches, the* shores of England, ' Ttie translation of the telegram given above is aa follows.; — f We havesold to Kingston ?fir Co., I-reston, 500 hales (of ?otton)"at rjdl ' Kihlare (per lb.) good quality. Description < colour, and staple. .Scared Terms laid down by steamer. Bills ofladiur* to be sent through (. Messrs. Baring- Bros. ! ("Buy for John Smith & ' Co., 200 baW at ! Escuador ' witfc: long, even Put ": staple; <-tnferior bales will be rejected. Ship t by steamer. C Execute this order, if Screamer -? possible ;it may h-ad , £ to a large-hnsiiiess. . ? a , . 180 not insure for Brown hhrtrap 3 & Co., they will attend " eWjr i to their own * Bush & Wilson lire not satisfied with their .. . lot: it is not up to the- Bhb CW 1 marfc - Vsemorttczrv. y Take special care to ship no bales showing ~ sticks or sand, f t Your- letter is not to Obscure -? hand; if important, (_ cable particulars, f The I*--mantra is making Nurnautia J a long voyage ; fears Rattlctray *r aro entertained of her l_ safety. {Is James Rochdale good T and to what amonnt 7 fc-harp is speculating. Bo care ful with him. c, , f The Manchester market bnlmon 1 . -, ? t - ? T , ~ , < is excited, and rising Penholder | *> This cablegram is a fair specimen of the kinds that arc daily passing through the* Atlantic cable. Their journey is not only very long, but very circuitons. A message from Liverpool to New Orleans goes first to London, front "thence back to ilnlyhcad and across the Irish Sea to Dublin '; from Dublin' to Taleiitia, the little rocky promontory washed by the everlasting billow-? of the Atlantic. Here the Atlantic cable really begins, aud the message iItCH two thousand miles;} under the ocean to Cape Race, a wild headland in Newfoundland. ; Its submarine career is hot''even yet ended, for from Cape Race to Cape Breton, there are fifty miles of sea to be traversed. From Cape Breton the telegram, is forwarded to New; York, and from thence across some two thousand miles of American prairie and forest la-.id, tilll at last it reaches its destina tion, New Orleans. The total of its joumoyings to and fro is about five thousand miles. The time which is taken by one of these travelled telegrams varies very much according to the state of business nu ..the. main lines, the Atlantic telegram having to wait its turn with other telegrams going shorter distance*-. Could the whole line lie cleared from Liverpool to New Orleans, the time occupied would bo merely the necessary delay at certain places to read the message and re-telegraph it onwards. Almost the shortest mes sage nu record is. one that was despatched about six o'clock in the evening from Liverpool to New Orleans, to which ari answer was returned before ten o'clock the same night, which, con sidering tho round-about rente and frequent stoppages, was wonderfully quick. The favourite time of day for telegraphing is about two o'clock, and for a. very significant and curious reason. Tbe timo in Now Orleans is six hours behind onrs in England, so that a telegram sent from hero about one or two p.m. reaches New. Orleans about nine or ten in the morning of the same day. Thus the merchants in Liverpool mid Manchester have time to collect their orders iv the . forenoon aud cable them ont to their agents in time for the begining of morning business in New Orleans. Iv reference to this natural phenome non, the Americans say that, " As usual they get tlie better of John Bull, for they ?know the morning before what the Brit ishers do in the afternoon next day." f A tobacco-pouch, a doll's frock, 3 piece of sugar ennc. and a very large centipede, have been found in one bntc ; so this precaution is not unnecessary. 