THE BABYLON OF THE REVELATION OF ST. JOHN. By the Right Rev. Bishop Wordsworth. Chapter III. Reflections on the Prophecies concerning Babylo in the Apocalypse. The Seven Churches of Asia are now no more. Their Candlesticks have been removed. Here iB a solemn warning to the Church of Rome- Remember whence thou art fallen ; repent, and first works, or 1 will remove thy candle- stick out of its place. (1) Cease to claim universal dominion : cease to boast that the Rman See is the Rock of the Church. Behold IJ" true Catholic and Apostolic Church dis mayed by St. John. She does not wear the Papal tiara, but is crowned with twelve stars :(2) she does not sit upon seven hills, but she has twelve foundations, and in them are the names of the names of the twelve Apostles of the Lamb. (3) If, therefore, any of the members of the Church of England should feel shaken in their allegiance to her, or be fascinated by the claims of Rome, they will find Divine guidance and warning in the Apocalypse. We may thank God, and we can never thank Him enough, that the Church of England does not impose any unscriptural terms of com munion; that she holds in her hands the . Scriptures pure and entire ; that she administers the Sacraments fully and freely by an Apostolic Priesthood ; that she keeps the Catholic faith as embodied in the three Creeds, and possesses a Liturgy- such as Angels might love to use. But we do not say that the Church of England is perfect. No s there are tares mixed with the wheat here, and in every part of the visible Church. We are on earth, and not in heaven ; and we are subject to the infirmities of the earth. In this world we dwell in Mesech, and have our habitation in the tents of Itedar.(4) On earth, the true Church of Christ is not, and never will be, in a state of peace and happiness. No: she is the Woman persecuted by the Dragon, and driven by him into the Wilderness, subject to manifold persecutions, offences, dis tresses, and trials, from within and without. But the Church, in the wilderness brings forth a manchild, who has power to rule the nations with a rod of iron, and is caught up to God, and His throne. , Such will be the lot of the remnant of her seed who keep the command ments of God, arid have the testimony of Jesus Christ. (5) Such is the character of the true Church ; and so now the Church of England,, distracted as she is by divisions within, and beleagured by foes without, and persecuted by the powers of evil, and, like Eve, bringing forth childrn in sorrow, and in travail with them till Christ be formed in their hearts, (6) has never failed to bring forth masculine spirits, who have been endued with power by Christ to break the earthen vessels of godless theories with the iron rod of God's Word ;(7) and they havebeen caught up to Christ in a glorious apothesis. And if we are true to Christ, if we are of the holy seed, and keep God's com mandments, and have the testimony of Jesus Christ, in this wilderness of doubt and clanger, even persecution itself will give us wings for heaven. And, that we may not be perplexed by the lukewarmness of many who profess the -truth, or exasperated by the tyranny of evil men, and so, in a fit of weak and irritable impatience, fall into schism, — let us observe the Apocalyptic Churches. Though under the government of St. John and of Apostolic Bishops, not one of them is free from blemish. Christ does not find their works perfect. (8) He notes their errors in doctrine, and reproves their defects in dis cipline. (9) And what follows ? Does He advise their members to quit them ? . Does He exhort them to pass from Ephesus or Sardis to Rome, and look for'peace and perfectiori.there? No : He commands them to repent,, ;to . watch,, to strengthen the thirigs that remain, to abide in the truth, to be faithful unto death. This is His exhortation to us. Hold fast the, truth. In patience possess ye your souls. (1) Edify the Church of England by long-suffering, meeknqss,' zeal, faithfulness, holiness, and love. Pray for her, labour for her : 'be thankful for the privi leges, the inestimable privileges, which you, enjoy in her communion. Use them aright ; and yon will save yourself and others. (2) ;. But let us now remark, that the Apostle St. John, as we have seen, having before his eyes many Churches requiring reformation, Churches of his own age and under his own 'jurisdiction, yet says little to them in comparison with, what . he says of the future condition of , another. Church, the Church of the City on the seven hills,— the 'Church of the imperial city,— the Church of Rome. . He contrasts her, in her corrupt state, , with the Woman in the wilderness,— -who will here after be the Church triumphant and glorified.;: And. he calls her the harlot. He contrasts her with the new Jerusalem, or spiritual Sion, and calls her Babylon. He reveals her history, even to her fall. 3 , . And -wherefore does he speak so largely of J®' Because, being inspired by the Holy Ghost, he foreknow what she would become.; He foresaw how imposing her clanris would be ; how extensive her sway ; how powerful her influence ; how dangerous her corruptions ; how deadly her errors ; arid how awful would bo her end. Therefore He uplifts the veil which : hung before the future, and he displays her in her true colours. He writes her name on her fore- head,— Mystery, Babylon the Great. He does this in love, and in desire for our salvation, .06 does it, in order that no one may be deceived by her ; that no one may regard her as the Bride, since Christ condemns her as the Harlot and that none should dwell in her as Sion' since God will destroy heras Babylon. 14\. The Church of Rome holds in her hand the - Apocalypse — the Revelation of Jesus 1 Rev. ii. 5. 2 Rev. xii. 1. 3' Rev. xxi. 14.' This twelvefold Apostolic . universality , of the Church is also displayed. in the number of. the sealed, who are 12 x 12,000. Rev. vii; 4 ; xiv; 1. 4 Ps. cxx. 5. 5 See Rev. xii. 5—17. 0\. G'enMii.'lG; Gal. iv.19. 7iPs. ii. 9. 8 Rev. iii.,2, 9 Rev. ii. 5, 10, 16. 20 ; iii. 2. I Luke xxi, 19, 2 lTua. iv. 16, Christ. She acknowledges it to be divine. (3) Wonderful to say, she founds her claims on those very grounds which identify her with the faithless Church, — The Apocalyptic Babylon. As follows : — (1) The Church of Rome boasts of Univer sality. And the harlot is seated on many waters, which are nations, and peoples, and tongues. (2) The Church of Rome arrogates indefecti- bility. And the harlot says that she is a Queen for ever. (3) The Church of Rome vaunts temporal felicity, and claims supremacy over all. And the harlot has kings at her feet. (4) The j Church of Rome prides herself on working miracles. And the minister of the harlot makes fire to descend from heaven. (5) The Church of Rome points to the unity of all her members in one creed, and to their subjection under one supreme visible Head. And the harlot requires all to receive her mark, and to drink of her cup. Hence it appears that Rome's "notes of the Church " are marks of the harlot : Rome's trophies of triumph are stigmas of her shame ; tlie very claims which she makes to be Sion, confirm the proof that she is Babylon. Therefore, ' let us not be weak in tlie faith ; let us not be confounded by the . wide extent, the temporal prosperity, the alleged unity and universality, and the long impunity, of Rome. It was prophesied by St. John that she would have a wide and. enduring sway ; that God, in His long-suffering to lier, would, give her time to repent, if haply she would repent ; that He would lieal her, if she would be healed ; but that, alas ! she would not repent, "and that her sins would at length ascend to heaven, and that she would come in remembrance before God. And wheu that awful hour shall arrive, then, ' woe to the preachers of the Gospel, if they have not taken up the warning of St. John, and sounded the trumpet of alarm in the ears of their hearers, Come out of her, my people, and be not partakers of her sins, lest ye receive , also of her plagues. (4) . I 15. Lastly, another caution is here given by St. John. Some, at the present critical time, may be in danger of being deluded by the confident language and bearing' of Rome; They may imagine, that a cause pursued with such sanguine reliance, and with such outward' appearance of success, must be good. But let us remember the parallel— Babylon. Its streets echoed with music; its halls resounded with mirth and revelry ; its king's guards were in toxicated at the gates of the city and at the very doors of the palace, and the vessels of God were on the tables at the royal banquet, when the fingers of a man's hand came forth from the wall,— and Babylon fell ! (o) So Rome will be most infatuated, when most , in peril. She will exult with joy,; arid be Hushed with hope, and be elated with triumph, when the j udgments of God are ready to fall upon her. Her princes and her prelates will vaunt her power arid will, as at this hour, be making ne W: i aggressions, : ' ancl; be putting forth new doctrines, and be entranced in a dream of S3cunty, when her doom ;'is nigh. Arid, as the great river, the river Euphrates, the glory and bulwark, of Babylon, became a road for Cyrus, and his victorious army, when he besieged arid took the city, so the swelling strearii' of Rome's supremaoy, which has now flowed on so proudly for so many centuries, and has served for her aggrandizement, will be in God's hands the means and occasion of her destruction and final desolation ; and so the drying, up' of that spiritual Euphrates will prepare a way for the kings of the1 East (6) — that is, for Jesus Christ, and for the children of Light, who are His faithful soldiers 'and servants; and who will be admitted -to share the royal splendour of the Mighty Conqueror, the King of , Glory,' who is tlie dayspring - from on ; high;— the Light of the World,: — the Sun of Righteousness, with healing in His wings. (7)- May we be of that blessed company, through Jesus Christ our Lord; Amen, r POSTSCRIPT. On Sunday, April 28, 1S50, the, following, words were; spoken'. in a Sermon preached in Westmirister Abbey. (1) The reason .for which .attentiori is how drawn to them may be inferred from the paragraph with which they close. "We have, been contemplating the two 'Mysteries of the , Apocalypse., The word. Mystery signifies something' spiritual : it here describes a Church. The ; first Mystery is ex-, plained to us by Christ Himself. The Mystery, of the seven stars which thou sawest . . . The seven stars are the Angels of the seven. Churches, and the seven Candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven Churches. (2) !" The second Mystery is explained also. I will tell thee the Mystery of the fVoman. The Beast that carrieth her, which hath the seven heads, is described, and the seveu heads, are ex pounded to' be seven mountains on which the Woman sitteth. (3) ' - , "'The first Mystery is the Mystery of the seven stars. "The second Mystery is the Mystery of the seven hills. " The. first Mystery represents the universal Church in its sevenfold fulness, containing with in it all particular Cliurohes. ."The second Mystery represents particular Church, the Church on seven hills, the Ghurch of; Rome, claiming to be the Church universal. ; , ," The first, Mystery represents the universal Church, liable to defects," but not imposing errors as terms of communion ; and therefore, by virtue of the Word aud the Sacraments, held together in Apostolic Communion with St. 3 See Canon of Council of Trent, Sess. iv. Compare above, p. 27. 4 Rev. xviii. 4. ' 5 Compare Dan. v. 6, 6, 7; &c.; land Ism xxi. with Xenophon Cycrop. vii. 5. - See above,, pp. 6,!7. , . . v.-. 6 Rev. xvi.: 12 ; cp. Isa. xliv. 17, 28 ; xlv. 1. Jer. 1. 38 ; li 36. -7 Luke i. J8. John viii. 12. .; Mai. iv. 2. : 1 They wero also repeated in. Occasional Sermons .by < the Author , of this Essay, No. VIII. p. 215. ' 2 Rev. i. 20. 3 Rev. xvii. 7, 9. 4 Also published in Occasional Sermons, No. XV, p. 190, John and with Christ, Who walketh in the midst of it, and governed by an Apostolic Ministry, shining like a glorious constellation in the hand of Christ. _ "The second Mystery represents the par ticular Church of Rome, holding the cup of her false doctrines in her hand, and making all nations to drink thereof. And the voice from heaven cries, Come out of her, My people, that ye be not partakers of her sins, and that ye receive not of her plagues. " The first Mystery is a ' Mystery of Godli ness.' "The second is a ' Mystery of iniquity.' "Such is the interpretation of the two Mysteries of the Apocalypse. "If any minister or member of the Church of Rome can disprove this conclusion, he is hereby invited to do so. If he can, doubtless he will ; and if none attempt it, it may be presumed that they cannot ; and if they cannot, then, as they love their salvation, they ought to embrace the truth, which is preached to them by the mouth of St. John, and by the voice of Christ." _ . This appeal was made again in Westminster Abbey, on Sunday. Feb. 16, 1851.(4) As far as the writer is aware, no reply has as yet been made, to it' by any . member of the Church of Rome. It is therefore repeated here. , (Concluded. ) 