TOWN TALK. To say that wo consider the EVENINO NEWS cheep i penny isj of course, to stato a truism-everyone kn< it, and tho great circulation proveB it. Morcovor, not our own daily lucubrations appear in that fortun journal ? and wc[know what they cost us. Tho m I popular paper in the country, wo had fondly hoped t it was also tho cheapest, but it seemed tho other < ' as if wo were mistaken. We then loamed fr I that exoellont authority, tho PRINTERS' RKOIBT published thousands of miles away, at tho othor s I of tho world, that wo had a rival of whose existe wo had hitherto been in tho most blissful ignorai] I Undortho head of "Now South Wales," we road I our astonishment that-'.' On tho 21st July, 1 j Sydney EVENING TRIBUNE was published in.» rodui size,' at tho prie* of ono halfpenny. Tills ! the first halfpenny paper in tho Australian colonie To change ono of our newest pennies and send fo oopy was our first thought, but our second floored i where woro wo to sond ? Had nnyono-our small newaboy for instance, as most likely to know sor tblnff of tho halfpenny ProsB-soon or hoard nnythi of tho EVEKING TRIBUNE, price ono lialfponny if general stare, developing in the caso af tho small bc ¡ato an ineffable smilo of contempt, was our only rcpl Our"dovil"indeod, BUgffCBted that tho "small unknow might bo our lato contemporary, tho EvENaNo.ro; undor a new name, and veduood by ono half for Ugh! consumption. Tho idea scorned foasiblo. Wo lind nev Been tho TitinUNE ; wo had soldom if overseen tho Pos but no, woromombored oar dc mortuia, ami out of respe for.tho defunct which we could not suspect of ohnrgl moro for its ghost tlmn any ono was willing to gi twico for itself when living, wo declined tho diabolic suggestion. Was it possible that PUNCH lind had conscientious fit, and followed, suit in price with 1 many othor " marked reductions" ? No ; it wns ii possible. Tho thing became exasperating:. Th EVENING TRIUUNE, price ono halfpenny, could i moro bo found tlinn our friend Daggs, when " copy" I wanted, or than yesterday's HERALD after tho kltclu firo is Kt.- It was in vain that wo hunted the safe and heard tho barmaids' " Law ! bless you, Sir I ai that.gentlomnn there," pointing to a seedy old dir with ono fishy oyo over tho loft corner of last wook TOWN AND COUNTRY, " ho knows all tho papers t heart-leastways ho' ought-er;" and that o< favourite '" devil" suffered summary ejootmci from the promises of sundry rcspoctnblo now 1 vendors whom ho hail insulted .' by asking-" / ii 'a-ponny rags ?" Ho was driven to tho conclusion thi tho EVENING THIBUNE, prloo ono halfpenny,'" was myth-that there novor was no such paper," and tin tho PRINTERS' REGISTER was-well, a very wol informed, amusing periodical, whoso strong point wt deoidedly fiction. This is tho latest of tho man shameful blunders and misrepresentations which th homo papers aro perpetually, making about UB. Wi Mr.' Buchanan, or any other patriot, move tho Mg court of Parliament. for an injunction to restrain th rasonls? A halfpenny newspaper, indeed ! Presentí wo shall perhaps bo told that wo have newspapers nc worth u halfpenny I , Whore is the local Doro" to depict that drpadtu "interior," willoh even tho rough constable in th' polloo-court, yesterday, blushod to dosorib»? I would maka an admlrnblo subject for a prizo'piotur, by tho Morality Society, with a doubla prlzs for tin mastor-hand which should succeed in painting out fo ever so foul a blot on our oommon humanity. Tl» unmentionable horrors surrounding that wrotohci father, and bis yat more wrotohed daughters, aro »ali to be no unooinmon accompaniment to. ilomostlo li fi in soma of tho dnrkor piucos of tho city. Hut whir thon? This loathsome infamy lios about our vorj doors, far " too ? nakod to bo sliamod," and far toe familiar to bo ashamed of. Wo may rub shoulden with, it any day, «nd not, know it. from starving innocence, nor, porhnps, greatly care willoh il may bo.. ' Hnvo we not Bubsorlbed to tho Cannibal Islands Missionary Society, and emptied our pookots ni tho " Bazaar for tho broken-down bankors' daugutort of imorry England ?" It is only whon some aooidont Uko Ounnoll pcc'i sudden nfiootion for his neighbour's shoots and pillow slips gives n glimpsa*of tho " pit ol int" amomjBt us, that everyone is shocked, and holds up bi« hands in holy horror. ' Tho Jockey Club want money for a now grand stand, and ask for suggestions ns to how to raiso tho wind. Well, hero is ono. Why not havo a thumping tax on bookmakors ? Those people attend tho, cours for buslnoss, nbi pleasure, gen orally drive, in ovory seiiso, a roaring trade, and should certainly ho ns Hablo to bo imitated insomo of thoir gains us tho pub, Holm, who simply Bells his honest liquors, and doit oontributo somotliing to tho comfort nnd oonvcn'ionco of thopubllo, . Verb, tap, Wo'll toko a complimentary ticket for tho noxt mooting for tho hint. 