ADELAIDE. July 9. Tho Education Bill of thc now ministry constitute* a Council of Education tinder a paid vice-President. Thc Claude Hamilton brings 28,000 ounces of gold from Port Darwin. (From thc Courier.) TOWNSVILLE, July 3. The following weights havo boon declared for the principal events nt the ensuing meeting of the local Turf Club : The Publicans' Purse, 40 sovs., 2 miles. Arrow, Ost. I21bs. ; Hero, fist. 21bs. ; Johnny Schmöker, Sst. 81bs. ; and Lord George, 7st. 121bs. The Flying Handicap, 15 sovs., J mile Johuny Schmokcr, lOst. 21bs. ; Lord George, 8st. ; lind thc Drummer, Cst. 121bs. Thc Townsville Handicap, 100 sovs., 2 miles. -Arrow, Ost. 121bs. ; Hero, Sst. 41bs. ; Johnuy Schmokcr, Sst. lOlbs. ; Mistake, Sst. Slbs. ; Black Prince, 7st. lOlbs. ; and Cheviot, Ost. 121bs. The Hurdle Race, 40 sovs., 2 miles. Forester, Hst. 21hs. ; Excellent, Ost. Bibs.; and Myra, Sst. GYMPIE, July 1. Ata public meeting held hut evening the ¡ following resolutions were adopted :- ; 1\. " Commending tho action of the Govern- ¡ incut in initiating a system of cheap railway construction, hut regretting that thc proposal to construct thc railway from Maryborough to Gympie was hampered by undesirable con- ditions." 2\. "That a direct hue be constructed as soon os possible between Maryborough and Gympie" 3\. " That the road to Maryborough be ut once placed in a thorough state of repair." 4\. " That thc laud resumed in this district be thrown open in areas suitable for combining farming with graziug." Mr. lt. Lord, M.L. A, Btated he would vote against the Loon Estimate for thc construc- tion of thc railway if the conditions ae to its coat were not expunged. Ii-swiiii, July 2. Al the Land Court held to-day lhere were 31 applications for 16,000 acres of laud, thc majority of which were granted. Several, applications for certificates of fulfilment of the conditions of thc Act were also granted. SYDNEY, July 1. Thc appeal to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, in tho case of Jackson zertux the Australian Insurance Co., has been dis- missed. The following horses hare declared forfeit for tho Metropolitan Stakes :-Melbourne,. Bcujiroo, Blair Athol, Corisande, Ncrcdah,. See Saw, Lycurgus, Ringwood, and West Australiau, The Government intend to furnish the pilot service at Port Jackson Heads with a steamer. . WE are informed that altogether about | twenty of the immigrants who found employ- ment on the railway have returned to the Depot during the last day or two. They say that they were engaged ou Messrs. Clarke's contract, and when it was completed, they \ were told there was nothing more for them to do nt present They arc an able-bodied nnd'. j industrious lot of men, and Dr. Salmond,, j feeling assured that they have been allowed to- j return through some misunderstanding, tele- } graphed yesterday morning to Mr. Manu,, j relating thc < irtuniólaucoj, aud asking for an j| explanation. ) WITH reference to tbe accident to thi Bronzewing, and her consequent failure t< tranship last month's English mails, we an informed hy Messrs. Wood that thc Post master-General has expressed himself satisfice with the explanation tendered, and exonerate! the Company from blame. Tn ERF. was a very full house at theThcatn Boyal lost night, to witness tho entertainment of thc Lynch family of Bellringers. Thc per formance on tho bells was received with very marked applause by tho audience, and de scrvedly so. The comic songs, etc, were also much appreciated. The entertainment con- cluded with the farce of "The Ghost in thc Pawnshop," which kept thc audience in roan of laughter. As will be seen by advertisement, thc Bellringers announce to-night as their lasl appearance in Rockhampton. IT would appear from lato advices from Bris- bane, that an early dissolution of Parliament is probable. It is expected that thc second reading of thc Education Bill will he carried, but the opponents of the measure aro so deter- mined that it will be impossible to gel it through committee. This, nt all events, is the opinion in well-informed circles. The Ministerial party arc lukewarm and dis. organised. Thc Government supporters may possibly rally under Mr. Macalistcrs's leader- ship, but it is not probable that they will dc sn. Mr. Macalister is almost bound to appeal before bis constituents, on account of his previous pledges on thc Education question, and au appeal to the country would appear tc offer the only possible way of escape from thc dilemma in which he finds himself. A YARD for shipping cattle has just been fenced in on the north hank of thc Fitzroy, opposite tho lightship at the Upper Flats, bj Mr. John Hatton, for Messrs. R. M. Hüntel and Co. The yard comprises an area ol 4* rods by 3, exclusivo of the space occupied by thc crush. The fenco is composed of iron- bark posts, 15 inches in diameter, sunk 3 feel I 6 inches in thc ground, mid with caps 8 inch« in diameter secured by trundles. The posb are connected by 9ft. rails. The yard will bc finished to-day, and, wo arc informed, is ont of thc most complete in the colony far the pur- poses of shipping cattle. Although it is directly abreast ot the lightship, tho yard may bc reached by vessels without crossing thc Flats in the shallow part of tho channel, there being a depth of 13 feet at low water neaps fron alongside the yard down the river. It if stated that 200 cattle on Balnagowan arc awaiting shipment from the new yard, and that a vessel has been already chartered tc open thc trade. Messrs. Hunter and Com- pany's enterprise in this matter deserve! success, and wc confidently look forward to their doing a good trade. ANOTHER ltighly satisfactory crashing from Messrs. Ireland and Sonter's claim, on thc Last Chance Beef, Now Zealand Gully, hoc just been finished up at Mr. Chalmers' mill. The parcel of stone amounted to twenty-eight tons, aud the yield is 302 ounces of gold being within a few pennyweights of 11 ouncci to thc ton. Thc " Lost Chance " is not n well defined reef, but a mullocky leader, avcragine from six to eight inches in thickness. It ie easily worked, McBsrs. Ireland and Konter, with thc aid of one man, having knocked out about a ton per day. There aro several parties sinking on the same line of reef. William ÍB already down GO feet, and oxpectB to bottom at 75 feet. Crawford and party have com- menced sinking, and are down about 10 feet. They expect to strike the vein at 50 feet. Gardner aud party have stink 25 feet, and calculate on striking tho leader at 55 feet. Should nil these claims bottom on payable gold, there will be quito a stir at New Zealand Gully. It is plain that there are leaders and reefs in this district as good as those which, with tho enchantment of distance, nnBcttled our mining population, aud caused a stampede northwards. A SAD accident occurred at Allenstown os Thursday morning, which it is feared will terminate fatally. A little boy of four or five years, son of Mr. NankevUlc, butcher, fell inte an Amcricau wooden pail of boiling water, and was frightfully scalded. A boy employed by Mr. Nanlcevillc, had brought the pail of hoi wotcr for the purpose of washing down th« block and benches in the front shop, and pul it down in the passage leading from the ebor, to the back door. Mr. Nankcvillo's little boy came into the shop, and was running through thc passage, when thc butcher boy speaking to him caused him to nm backwards and fall into the pail, in sitting posture. In his frantic efforts to get out, he sank down and became literally doubled up, his knees and face being forced together. The shrieking cries of thc little sufferer brought his parents ta his aid, but not until that part of his body submerged in tho hot water had been reduced to the ap- pearance of raw flesh. Dr. Robertson was called in, but we have not been able to sec him since tho accident. It is, however, re- ported that hut night the child was still living, but in great agony, and not likely to recover. Thc number of accidents of late to children at Allenstown is quite remarkable. On tho 11th of last month a child died of suffocation by swallowing a large bead. Another was since seriously burnt, and a third scalded. These two latter appear to be in a fair way to re- covery. The case af Thursday last is thc fourth accident at Allenstown in thc short space of one month. TOE usual monthly meeting of the Com- mittee of thc Port Curtis and Leichhardt Dis- trict Hospital was held in the Court House yesterday afternoon at four o'clock. There were present-Mr. IL M. Huutcr (President), Dr. Macau (Bcsident Surgam), Mr, H. E. Russoll (Treasurer), and Messrs. Hcadrick, Macfarlane, Jones, D'Arcy, Jackson, H. ScluniJt, and Tusou. Thc minutes of thc j previous meeting were read and confirmed. A letter was read from the Bachelors' Dramatic Club, offering their services for an entertain- ment in aid of thc funds of thc institution. It was resolved to leave tho matter in the hands of thc Treasurer and tho Resident Surgeon. The Resident Surgeon then laid on tho table books of tickets, as authorised by Committee at last meeting. It was resolved that thc Resident Surgeon should have power to issue such tickets npon thc recommendation of thc Committee or Treasurer. Tho accounts np to June 30 were laid upou the table. Mr. Schmidt proposed, and Mr. Headrick seconded, that the accounts, amounting to £210 7s. lld., bo paid, which was carried. The Resident Surgeon also presented accounts from W. Powell, for £50 ¡ J. Brackley, £22 ; and J. W. Wilson, £10, for improvements to hospital, which, upon thc motion of Mr. Schmidt, seconded by Mr. Macfarlane, were ordered to be paid. Thc Resident Surgeon then presented a report, showing that for the half-year ended 30th June, 1874, there were 170 patients tn Hospital His report for thc past half-year was as follows :- llcmainiug in Hospital December 31, 1874, 43 ; admitted f«ir half JT.H-, 271 ; discharged, 232 ; died, 30 ; rc l uiaiuiug iu Hospital June 30, 1875, 52. Of thoBC who died, twelve were admitted too Ute to receive any material benefit from médical treatment, and several were in a moribund state upon admission. THE Health Officer, Dr. Salmond, went down to the Bay in the Bronzewing yesterday afternoon, to release the islanders, per Flora, . from quarantine, if convalescent. THE 165th anniversary of the battle of the Boyne, we leam by advertisement, will be celebrated by a soiree and musical enter- tainment at thc Protestant Hall, on Monday evening. WE perceive that Mr. It L. Dibdin has 'taken the Sale Yards, adjoining the Theatre Iloyal, in East-street, and advertises bis first sale consisting of dray,» harness, and two horses, ot tho yards, this morning at eleven o'clock. THE steamer Balclutha, ex rovie from Syduoy, left Maryborough yesterday morning, at ten o'clock, and may ho expected to arrive at Rockhampton by this afternoon's tide. Her mails were transhipped into tho Lady Young, and delivered last night, STATE of tho Hospitallfor the week ending July 9, 1875 :-Admitted during thc week 8 males and 1 female ; discharged-8 males and 2 females ; died--1 male (Richard Harris) ; remaining in hospital-52 moles and 1 female. Twelve patients in special ward. THE directors of thc Rockhampton Gas Company, in accordance with the expression of opinion elicited at the late half-yearly meeting of shareholders, announce by adver- tisement, that from and after thc 1st AuguBt thc price of gas will he 17s. Cd. per 1000 cubic feet, instead of 20s. as at present. MAILS for all ports north of St. Lawrence, | close nt thc Post Office, Rockhampton, this evening, for registered letters at six, news- papers at seven, and ordinary letters at eight o'clock. They will be sent down by the Bronzewing to-morrow for transhipment on board thc s.s. Leichhardt, due on Monday. AT the Pbh'oe Court yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, John Wagner, for using obscene language in a public place, was fined £2 ; in default of payment fourteen days' im- prisonment in Rockhampton Gaol, Two other charges against the same prisoner were dismissed. Henry Eggert, for using obscene language was fined 30s., or seven days' im- prisonment. A summons case for wages was ordered to be struck out. TUE idea of getting up a soiree and ball in aid of the funds of St. Paul's Church of England hos, we are informed, been abandoned, but a number of persons who had taken tickets were disappointed on hearing the decision arrived at ; and, determined if possi- ble to have satisfaction, they have made arrangements for a Citizens' Select Ball, at thc School of Arts, ou thc 15th instant. This, of course, has nothing to do with the gentle- men who contemplated raising funds for church purposes. A riTBLic meeting to take steps to establish a primary school at Allenstown, under the Board of Education, is colled for Tuesday evening next, in the Allenstown Wesleyan Church, at half-past seven o'clock. His Worship thc Mayor has consented to preside. It is time that this school was erected, and we trust that the meeting will bo well attended by the residents of the neighbour- hood, and tho object taken up with spirit. The William-street schools are over-crowded, and were a new school opened at Allenstown, tho aggregate attendance would improve both in number and regularity, and the families living near the new school would be greatly convenienced. THE American Pacific Steam Company, Central and Railway Company, with com- bination of English capitaliste, have secured the San Francisco contract subsidy of £90,000 a-ycar for an eleven-knot service. The route to be from Son Francisco to Sydney direct, Kew Zealand and San Francisco direct, transhipping ot Kanduvu.-S. 3f. Herald, June 20. TUE past few days have been rather prolific in cases of drowning in our river. On Thurs- day morning, a sailor belonging to tho barque Lizzie Iredale was drowned at the Commercial wharf, and up to last evening the body had not been recovered. On Friday thc coipsc of a female-supposed to bo "one more unfortu- nate"-was found floating in thc river, after having, it was supposed, been in the water some twelve dnys. The body, which has not been satisfactorily identified, was buried on Saturday. Thc litest addition to the list of victims is William Pilkington, a late resident of South Brisbane, whose body wns found drifting down the river on Saturday morning, by one of the men employed at Baxters Ferry. The deceased, it appears, hail been missing since the previous Sunday, having been last seen alive on Towns' wharf ; and it was while searching for him that his eon found the body of the woman above referred to. Pilkington's body had apparently been in the water six or seven days. Thc deceased, who was about 51 years of age, and had been for some time employed ns a labourer at Mr. Pettigruw's saw mills, leaves a wife and family. Inquiries, touching his death and that of the woman found on Friday, will bo held to-day.-Courier, July 5. TUE telegram which appeared in our (Courier) issue of July 2, stating that the appeal to the Privy Council in the case of Jackson v. Australasian Insurance Company bad boen dismissed, refers to a case of con- siderable interest which originated in this colony two years »go. It will he in the recol- lection of many of our readers that about that time thc barque Crishna was seized in Torres Strait (under tho Kidnapping Act) by H. M.S. Basilisk, and brought down to Brisbane. She was condemned on May 28, 1873, and sold, resliBing, with the cargo, £3399 19s. 4d. The charge against thc ship was, that the captain, having been informed at Somerset that thc Act was in force, and a copy of it haring been shown him, he nevertheless continued to carry aud employ Polynesians without having obtained a license, althongh he was aware that ho ran thc risk of seizure by so doing. Tho owners, Messrs. Jackson and Walton (the latter of whom was also master), sued the Australasian Insurance Company for the value of the ship and cargo as indicated by the sum realised at tho sale. The case was tried in thc Vice-Admiralty Court, Sydney, before His Honor Sir JamcB Martin, and decided in favour of the owners, the principal ground heiug that the captain, in running thc risk he had, was acting without the knowledge or consent of thc owners. The defendants then appealed to thc full Court, where the previous judgment was upheld hy a majority of the Bench. A rather curious circumstance in con- nection with the decision of the full Court was that tho dissenting Judge was Sir James Martin, who considered that he hod mode an error in his direction to the jury, and was in favour of granting thc defendants a new trial. The defendants then appealed to the Privy Council, and, as appears hy the telegram referred to, thc original decision has been oen firmcd.-An error occurred in our paragraph concerning thc Crishna case, which appeared in Saturday's issue It was stated that Walton, the master, was also part owner. The fact is that Mr. Alex. Kerr was the partner with Mr. Jackson in this matter. The correction throws rather a different light on the case, as it was held by tho Court that the barratry of the master (Walton) was one of thc penis of the policy, for which thc insurance company were liable. WITH reference to Hie total loss off the Scilly Islands, on the night of the 7th Moy, of the mail packet Schiller, which left Kew York for England on the 28th April, haring on board the March mails from Kew South Wales and New Zealand, via San Francisco, we are advised by tho postal authorities that the London Office reports that,-" Among the mails recovered from the wreck of the Schiller arc three bags from Brisbane." As only two bags for London vii San Francisco were dis- patched per City of Brisbano, to Sydney, on the 8th March, and a supplementary bag per Western on the 9th idem, it will be seen that the whole of our mails have been recoved from the wreck referred to.-Courier. WHILE on the subject of success, let me speak of a speech delivered by the Chairman of the Melbourne Chamber of Commerce, on the subject of the protective duticB. It may interest you. Referring to the proposal for the " free interchange of the growth, produce, and manufactures of tho various colonies," Mr. Jaffray said :-" Having bsen recently in Queensland, where also tho same subject is discussed, I found among those engaged in sugar-planting a very natural wish that in Victoria wo thould admit their sugar free. In return it was supposed that certain Victorian products or manufactures would he admitted free into Queensland. I therefore tested the reciprocity] doctrine by this special case. Take 10,000 tons of sugar at £3 ton ; this means a reduction of thc victorian revenue to thc extent of £30,000. Against this say Queensland takes a sufficient quantity of slops,' duty free, in order to return an equal amount to Victoria. Of course, in doing this, Queens- land must mantain an excessive differential duty on slops from other countries, otherwise the Victorian slops could not make certain of being admitted. In this operation the revenue of Victoria contributes-that is to say thc tax- payers of Victoria pay-the sam of £30,000 to j a certain favoured interest in Queensland, and the revenue of Queensland contributes - that j is to say, the people of Queensland pay-a ! corresponding sum to our slopmakcrs. Reduce this transaction to its simplest expression by cancelling thc unnecessary figures, and it simply means that the people of Victoria give the slopmakcrs of Victoria a present of £30,000." I do not know what your people would say to this, but our folks appear to think it a rather curious proposai-Melbourne Correspondent Courier. A GENTLEMAN who has had opportunities for observation gives an interesting account of thc good understanding existing between our aborigines and the porpoises. We have before heard that the blacks of the bay and islands have a sort of veneration for the por- poises, and not only refrain from themselves injuring them, but resent any pursuit of them on the part of the whites. We had under- stood, however, that this only applied to a white variety of the fish which is occasionally seen. Tho narration of the gentleman referred to seems, however, to point to the ordinary porpoise. He observed the blacks, bent on fishing, to wade into the shallows, and on de- tecting the presence of a shoal of smaller fish to heat tho water with their spears, which they also repeatedly struck into the Band at the bottom. Immediately tho porpoises, which liad been disporting themselves at a distance, headed towards the spot as if recog- nising a friendly signal, and commenced chasing their smaller relatives into the shal- lows, where tho blacks were distributed ready to receive them. The latter showed amazing dexterity in spearing their prey, even at several yards' distance, hurling their spears into the water at spots where the inexperi- enced eye of the white man could see nothing. Frequently, however, thc aim was successful in transfixing a plump fish afoot or more long, and the spearsman dashing into tho snrf after his missile, jammed the point into the sand, thus securing his prey in the absence of barbs au the spear. The porpoises seem to act as beaters, driving the fish into the shallow water, and no doubt sharing thc spoils by snappiug up any laggards.-Courier. 