Mark Duffields Revenge. \11 Mark Duffield's friends, who knew him well, said how unfortunate it was that he, whose chief fillings were a quick temper and ajealoas disDOSttion, should be engaged to that pretty, fasomating, tnischievouo little flirt, Kitty Kings ley, and some of them, shaking tbeir heads, pre dioted that the marriage would never take place And if Mark had known, before he met Kitty, that she was a flirt, he would, probably, for hi« own peaoe of mind, have taken measures agaiost falling into love with her, whilst, had Kitty been aware ot the failing of her lover, she might not have " oarried on" as she did with Mr Riobard Newman, and that onlysix weeks after her engagement to Mirk As it was, when he first spoke to her about her encouragement of Newn-an's attentions, she laughed in his face, and said " Oh, dear, Mark' bow can you be so jealous? ' " I am not jealous ' Bald Mark, flushing, 'at least, not now If I were -and he frowned somewhat ominouslj-"you would not find me by your aide at this moment, Kitty ' " Oh ' ' said Kitty, tossing her head, and looking at him laughingly from the corner» ot her eve», " oh,what a. grande seigneur it is, to be sure ' ' And so she turned it off for the time with one of her pretty, piquant airs, and went on trifling with handsome, vain, frivolous Bick Newman, Mark's olass mate, until Mark fanoied everybody in Coverdale was laughing at him, and he grew half wild with mortihcation and jealousy So there was anothar interview with Kitty rather stormy this time, and she first laughed, and then cried, and finally, half frightened at her lover's vehemence, gave him the promise upon which he insisted, of maintaining a digniûed dis tanoe toward his presumptuous rival, for when she declared she dido t cara % straw, only " it was such fun to pretend to flirt with him-he was «o awfully vam," yet Mark fancied that the promise was given with a certain reluotanoe, and from that moment he doubted Kitty, and watched her Now, everybody knows that when a jealous lover sets bimBelf to watch his lady love, he is sure to find plenty of ground for suspicion. And, unfortunately, Miss Kingsley was not a particu- larly cautious or prudent young person, where fore matters progressed speedily to the memora ble crisis whioh was to form an era in the his tory of Coverdale Poor, thoughtless Kitty' Poor unhappy Mark T A week after this, Mark Duffield was scat°d on the college green, engaged with a biok, while near him reclined a group of young men, chatting idly in the dolce fat mente of the after- noon recess ' What have you there, Newman ? ' inquired one " You appear as d"eply interested in that bit of paper as though it were a decree of life or death " " As perhaps, it is,' said another, laughing, " for, if I am not mistaken, it is la belle Kitty's handwriting " " How do you know that?" " How do I know I As if I had not myself . been favored with a specimen, before you carne I would svear to the haDdwritiDg of that ad- I dress-pretty and piquant and changeable, like hei self, the artful little A secret nudge from the elbow of bia com- panion directed his attention to Mark, whose presence he bad forgotten Newman, whose back was tovard him, had not perceived it at all He folded »lie note, placed it carefully in bis left vesu-pooket and hugging his arma over it, observed, rnvster'nusly " It may be tbat all notes are not alike One may, as you suggest be a messenger of despair, whilst another carnes with ithfe and happiness " 111 wager what you please that yours there does not come under the latter oategory Now, don't shrug your shoulders, and pretend to look mysterious. You've had your share of that little weather-vane, Miss Kitty; and we have all seen for a week past whioh way the wind now sets." This taunt s>emed to obafe Newman, and arouse his vanity. " Ah, indeed !" said he, sarcaBtioally. " And suppose that in this note she explains what your wisdom oouldn't qui te see through. She's afraid, poor little thing, to show any open preference, considering that she's engaged, and watched on all sides I But there may be other ways, you know." " You lie !" exolaimed Mark Duffield, starting up and eonf'Onting the speaker with black coun- tenance and eyes aflame. "You lie! And if you do not instantly retract what you have just now said-" Some one pulled him back, and Newman, said doggedly : " I will not retraot the truth.'' " Truth !" cried Mark, furiously. If it be true, let me see that note." " A lady's note is saored." " Coward ! you cannot get off by suoh an eva- sion ! I challenge you-to show me that note !" Mark had once before challenged a fellow-stu- dent, though in not precisely the Bame manner as now ; and Newman, who was not by any means remarkable for courage, chaoged oountenance o little. Besides, he was now provoked to retaliate on his successful rival ; so, after a moment's hesi* tation, he, with a malicious smile, held out the note open to his view. " There !" he said aloud ; " it is simply, as you see, a request for me to drop in at D lOtor Macom's this evening after tea, with the under- standing, of course, that I am to esoort ber home She is to spend the evening with her friend, Misa Clara." Mark glanced over the few lines. Tbey were in Kitty's well-known and peculiar handwriting, and their import was precisely as Newman had stated,with tbeaddition that "she would explain to him the oiuse of her late altered conduct, of which he complained." Mark Duffield's eyes grew blind, and his head dizzy. He threw the note from bim, and walked away, indifferent to tbo possible remarks of his companions- indifferent for the moment even to his rival, and feeling only as though a great weight and darkness had descended suddenly upon his soul, orushing it into a stupor of pain. An hour after he found himself in Kitty's pre- sence, heaping upon her a torrent of bitter and passionate reproaches. Poor Kitty was frightened-more at his wild and excited manner than at his words. At first she tried to turn it off. It had been really Clara's proposal, that of asking Mr. Newman just to drop in for a moment after tea ; and tbey bad a particular purpose, in so doiDg-a little plan whioh-which really she wasn't at liberty to reveal now, but would tell him all about in a day or two, when-when Stop ! don't attempt further to deceive me and perjure yourself!" cried Mark, passion- ately ; " but if you must be false to me, tell the truth and lot me know it. Oh, Kitty, Kitty! how I have loved youl" And Mark Duffield, who had never in his life learned to control himself, passed from stormy anger into abjeot misery, and throwing himself on the sofa, fairly burst into tears. Then Kitty oame gliding up to him, with her velvety, caressing hands, her soft purring voioe, and gentle, nestling ways so exactly like one of her own namesakes. ' " Mark, deareBt, don't be foolish ! It is foolish to be making all this fuss about nothing I.-or next to nothing. I did write that note," ' said Kitty, with an expression of inuocent and artless candor ; " but it was only in fun" (here she smiled, unseen by Mark)-"only in fun, I assure you ! And now vou believe me, darling, don't you I And you will love and trust me always, won't you ? You must love me, Mark, dearest, else I shall be so wretched !" Then Bbe timidly put her arm about his neck, and laid her soft, velvety oheek close to his, and sighed a little tremulous, plaintive sigh. Mark was half oonquered ; nevertheless, he looked up, and spoke almost fiercely ; " Kitty ! I will not have matters go on in this way. If you do really love me-" " Oh Mark, you know I do !" " And do you really wish me to love and trust you, as I once did?" " Oh Mark, don't say that 1" " You must make me a solemn promise. I give you at this moment your choice botween Newman-(he set hie teeth at the name, and ground out something that was not exactly a benediotion)-between Nowman and myself. If you prefer him-" " Prefer him, indeed ! " said Kitty, scorn- fully. " You shall never see me more. Or, if you choose me-" " Of oourse I do -" " You must swear to me never to see him, if it can be avoided ; and never, under any circum- stance whatever, to speak to him again. Will you do this ?" Kitty hesitated. There was something like a abada of disappointment on her face, but afteraninstant'sreflectioushelooked up brightly, and paid : " Yes ; I deolare to you, Mark, that I will avoid him when I can, and will never, on any account, epeak to bim again. The mean creat- ure, to BÍIOW my note ! I hate bira !" And almost with the last word there was a queer little ghost of a smile trembling about the oîrners of her mouth-a smile in- stantly suppressed as she met Mark's gaze. And somehow, that Bmile haunted and trouoled bim despite himpelf. Was she deoeiving him ? -making a dupe or a fool of him ? Did she mean to play him false, after all ? " If sbe does-" said Mark to himself ; and be set his teeth, and olenohed his hands hard as he strode back to his oottage quarters. For a day or two he saw but little of Kitty. We have said thathisdispoaition was revengeful, and do what he could, he had not quite forgiven her that note to Newman, or the humiliating position in which it had plaoed himself io the eyes of his fellow-students. He resented it in ' his heart, and yet be still so passionately loved her! " Duffield," said Tom Linton, in a low voioe, as he passed his arm through tbat of his class- mate, " come with me ; I have something par- ticular to say to you." The something particular proved to be simply this : Mr. Dick Newman had written to Miss Kingsley,reproaching her for not having kept her engagement at Doctor Maoom's and sug- gesting an accidental meeting at the spring in the public squaro, about twilight. " And here is Mark's answer," said Tom, briefly, placing a note in his hand. " I thought it no dishonor, but rather a duty, to let you see it, under the circumstances. You ought to know the girl whom you purpose to make your wife." This was the note, in that same well-known band-writing of Kitty's : "I was really disappointed in not being able to see you that evening at Dr. M 's. I dare not meet you at the place you mention, it is so publio ; but if you will come to the Witches' Pond this evening, a little after suuset, I shall be sitting on the bench, under the big chestnut tree, and we oan have an explanation! I am spending the day with Clara, so can stroll down there unobserved. "K." Mark Duffield read this note three times before he could credit it. " It is a forgery !" he said, fiercely ; the work of that infamous wretch, Newman-" " I think not," said his friend, oalmly. " In- deed, I know it carne from Miss Kingsley, as I was with Newman when Miss Clara Maoom's maid delivered it. He showed it to me, and asked if I thought he ought to go; as I verily J believe, because be was too cowardly to go alone, even to meet a lady. You know the plaoe has a bad name since the murder of the old woman who lived in the hut by the pool ; and Newman is notoriously superstitious." Mark said not a word in reply. His faoe was set and rigid, but his eyes were all aglow with a restless fire. How could he believe this of Kitty, his betrothed wife?-the girl whom he had so devotedly loved, and who had so lately sworn that she loved no one but himself, and that she hated Newman, the man whom she bad now appointed to meet in that lonely and secluded place, the Witches' Pond? Mark Duffield felt as though he should go mad at the thought He would not ga to her. She would deny it j all, and make a dupe and a fool of him, as she had done before. No; he would go and see with his own eyes whether it could be true ; aud, if so, be would-yes, he would kill New I man .' And, hardly knowing what he did, he put a pistol in his pocket. Twilight shadows were already gathering as Mark Duffield entered the lonely wood that lay at the back of Doctor Macom's orchard, just without the town, in whose still depths lay the little pool called the Witches' Pond. Looking down from the slope above, he Baw the water lying still and dark, the shadows of the over- hanging elms blackening it nst where the un- I fortunate old woman, called a witob, had been robbed and drowned by some unknown ruffian ; and on the bench under the ohestnut whioh had shaded ber lonely hut, he saw-yes, he saw tbe form of Kitty, bis promised wife, seated and awaiting her lover 1 Her back was toward bim, but be eould see ber perfeotly, dressed in white, with the pretty straw hat trimmed with harebells, from beneath wbioh fell tbe clusters of her bright golden hair, rippling softly in the breeze. No wonder that his blood seemed for tbe moment on fire-no wonder that rage, and pain and jealousy, and revenge, made a madman of bim. Under Buch exoitement, other men bave done what he did-committed in one instant a crime to be avenged by a life-time of agony and remorse. Mark Duffield, in fact, did not know what he was about. He was simply mad; and it was in that mad impulse that he drew out his pistol took hasty kim, and fired. As the report rang out, he saw Kitty start, threw up one hand, reel, and fall slowly for- ward, prone upon the ground ! And then he rushed away blindly through the wood-not impelled by fear, but io a mad impulse to get away from himself, from his own thoughts, from the horrible truth that he had murdered the one he loved above the whole world, and that her form was now lying lifeless beneath the trees in that lonely dell. So, for two hours be wandered on, and theo suddenly a desperate calmness fell upon him. He would atone, as far as in him lay, for bis orime. Kitty should be avenged. He would go back, avow bia deed, and deliver himself up to justice and au ignominious, death. It would be a relief to die, for . he oould never again be happy. Dootor Maoom bad a party of friends to supper that evening, and they were all very much surprised when they beheld Mark Duffield walk in, pale and haggard, and with blood on his clothes and hands, from the scratches of the thorns and briers through wbicb be bad passed. " Wby, Duffield, wbat on earth alls you ? you look like a ghost ! " said tbe old dootor, coming forward with proffered hand But Mark shrank back. " Don't touoh me ! " he said horsely ; " I-I am a murderer ! " " A murderer ! What do you mean ? What have you done?" oried the dootor, in surprise. " It was I who killed her ! " said Mark, mechanically. " You can take me into cus- tody. I have no wish to esoape. I shot her." " Shot whom, in heaven's name?" "Kitty-Kitty Kingsley! I shot her!" repeated poor Mark, wiping the thick drops from his brow, and utterly unheeding the ex- clamations of horror and astonishment on every side. The dootor turned to his daughter, who stood white and trembling beside him. " Clara, where is Kitty ? " " I-I don't know, papa. She went down into the dell through the orohard, and-" " Yes ; it was there that I killed her. You will find the body there," said Mark, calmly. " Come with ue," said the dootor, firmly grasping his arm " Come and show us where you oommitted this deed, wretched young mau. It may be," he added to the horror-strioken oompany who followed, " it may be that she is not yet dead." " And you," whispered a getleman to a pale and trembling servant, " run for your life, and bring a constable." In a short time they had reaobed the hollow in which lay the pool. The moon was bright and clear, and shone full upon the spot beneath the ohestnut, where lay the form of poor Kitty, in her white dress, prone on her face, and with her golden hair all tangled about ber shoulders The old doctor stooped, and lifted her carefully. " Is Bhe dead?" they all asked, eagerly. " Nota breath of life in her body," answered Dootor Macota, as he pupported the limp and lifeless form in his arms, and peered curiously into the white face. "Shot I" "Through the skull !" was the reply; and his features worked in nervous twitchicgs, as though he were striving to suDpress his emotion. Then he turned to Mark Duffield. " Why did you do this deed ?" " Because I was mad-mad with jealousy 1" he answered, desperately. The doctor looked at bim keenly. "You already repent of it? You would undo it if you could?" " With my own life 1" groaned the young man, in his misery " But it is too late !" " What if I tell you that it is not as bad as j you suppose ?-that it is not Kitty you have killed?" Again the doctor's faoe worked curiously. " Not Kitty ?" gasped Mark. " Not Kitty !" cried a dozen exoited voices. "Who, then, is it?" For answer, the doctor laid the limp form of the unfortunate victim on the bench, put back the hat and tangled curls, and turned the face upward to the moonlight. All pressed eagerly forward for a view, and at tho first glance fell baok with an exclamation of horror, followed by what seemed to Mark a peal of demoniac laugh- ter. Could tbey really be laughing, or was he, in fact, going mad ? " Fortunately," said the doctor, turning to him, "you have been saved from becoming a murderer in hand, howsoever muoh you were so in heart. Look on yoar victim, and be thankful that you have not the mirk of Cain upon your brow " Mark looked. He saw a skilfully contrived figure, made up of pillows, and surmounted by s grinning skull, adorned with some oast off ohingons oí Miss Kitty Kingsly and her friend, Miss Clara Macom. " My best skull," said the doctor, regretfully, " ruined ? shot right through the occiput " And again the peals of laughter resounded. As Mark Duffield fled from the spot, he heard the eager and excited shouting of a mighty crowd, which, led on by the sheriff and two con- stables, came rushing toward the scene of the tragedy He scaroely noticed it. His only thought was-" Thank God that she is Dot dead ! Thank dod that I am not a murderer ! " But next day Mr Mark Duffield was missing from college, and the placo that had there known bim, knew him no more He wrot to Kitty, who returned his letter, with these bitter lines added : " 1 did love you, and was true to you m everj word that I spoke. I did hate Dick Newman for piesuming to think I would agree to his proposals of seciet interviews ; and it was with the intention of punishing him that I wrote those two notes Clara can tell you so. For the rest, I cannot love or mairy a man who would have taken my life. " KITTY." Her mood must have changed somewhat before the letter was finally sealed, for in a " P S." she characteristically added the following : " I wouldn't so muoh have minded the skull being fractured ; but it was too bad that the hat should have been mined by the ball passing through the crown." And this is the whole history of the Cover- dale Tragedy, as it is oalled and over whiob certain unfeeling folkB of that town (including Kitty) are still wont to go into oonvulsions of laughter. The Frenoh Boientifio journals report trials of a suspended railway carriage body on the Lille and Valenciennes Railway The invention is by M. Giffard, the inventor of the injector. The body of the carriage is suspended by means of horizontal springs, attached to brackets on the frame. These springs are made to work with great smoothness by the interposition of small bronze friction rollers between the several leaves of the spring, BO that when a heavy shock occurs the plates move over each other without touch- ing, and with an easy motion. This is the first time, it is said, that, friction rollers have been introduced between the plates of springs. The reports on these new suspended carriages are favourable ; the effect of sudden shocks and tbe unpleasant zig- zag movement are entirely ob- viated, or rather they are oonverted into different motions of a muoh milder description. The new carriages, in fact, when any disturbing oause appears, have the 6ame pitching and roll- ing motions of a vessel at sea, but to a very slight extent ; enough, however, to be disagree- able to those who suffer from such motions. On the whole, M. Giffard is considered to have hit upon a happy idea, and he ÍB not likely to aban- don it if he sees a chance of success. In addition to the comfort of passengers, there is another consideration, namely, tbe wear and tear of the rails caused by transverse oscillations, which have a tendency to wear the tires and flanges of the wheels, and to cause the rails to be pressed outward. It remains to be seen whether the suspension of a portion of the weight of tbe roll- ing stock will prevent this destructive aotion. ! Another great fire has occurred in a jute factory io Dundee. It broke out in the boiler house, and speedily reduced the building to ruins, entailing a loss of about 416,000, and throwing several hundred persons out of employ- ment. 