MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS. A canny Aberdeen girl brought up with horses declined to engage herself to the objeot of her affections until his father had given her a written guarantee that his son was not only sound in wind and limb, but of good morals, gentle, and warranted to' behave both in single and double harness. It must not be supposed that the Alex- andra ironolad, about to be Iaunobed, is the most powerful ironolad we have. She is not even equal to the German war-vessels built in England. We have much stronger ironolads ; but the Alexandra is a powerful sea-going man of-war. A Shakspeare Memorial Theatre is to be erected in Stratford-on-Avon, the old town theatre having been pulled down. There is to be a library in connection with the building, and a gallery to receive pictures and statuary of Shakspearean subjeots. HaokenBaokjin Bergen County,has a sensation in shape of a genuine ghost, which haunts the county gaol and oreates the utmost consternation and alarm among the prisoners and other inmates It has the effect of making the people virtuous, for they wish to keep out of that. Good Friday is observed in Sootland with annually increasing respect. Besides the banks and publio office«,, many leading mercantile houses closed their plaoes of business. Several Presbyterian ohurohes were open for Divine service. It is decided that the ships for the Arctio expedHion shall be supplied with 36 sledges of various sizes, including two whioh oan bo used either as bridges or ladders. There are also in preparation two ioe saws, whioh, worked by a tripod stand, will be useful occasionally to out a dook for the vessel in the fixed ice when threatened with a nip from floating masses. They are 14 feet in length, 6 inches in breath, with teeth 2£ inches wide and deep, and half an inoh thick. The ships will leave early in June. The young King of Spain presided on Monday at a bull-fight, and the debased and degrading speotacle was witnessed by 16,000 persons. Seven bulls and a dozen horses were killed. The oompany were denied the gratification of seeing seeing one of the matadora gored to death. A oapital story is told of a German conviot in Liohtenstein. There being no prison in tbis little Principality, the convict, who baa stolen some silver spoons, was lodged in a room of the Palaoe, the sentence being a year's imprisonment. The thief was kept in considerable comfort, and upon good, substantial diet, so that he rather enjoyed his quarters. But the Princess, having got over the novelty of staring at the thief through the key-hole, deoided that it was not pleasant to live under the same roof with a man of dishonest principles Accordingly nego- tiations were entered into with the thief to dis- charge him if he would only amend. But the thief not only deolined to give any snob promise, but energetically claimed his right to be fed and housed for the full term of his sentence. This was most embarrassing. His Highness's finan- cial counBel'or reduced the question to one of money, and offered the tbicf a certain sum on oondition that he would embark for America. The thief met this proposal in an accommodating spirit, but pointed out reasonably enough that the negotiators were bound to take acoount of the jperils of the voyage, and also to indemnify him,for his willingness to spend the remainder of nie life in exile. Eventually the matter was settled by the thief receiving double the sum originally offered, and being escorted to the station by one of the Princess's footmen, who oarried his luggage. Of oourse be never went to America, bat settled in England, " where," says the oynioal relator of this anecdote, " he has been either hanged or knighted." There is a neighborhood of people in Butler I County, Kentucky, U. S , who speak a language of their own They call a hog netemspatherish ; a preaoher they call gospelthrasher ; they call a lawyer cbsatemBpatherum, and a doctor they oall hellemspathernm. They call a h rse norviab : a deer, jump high ; and their language they oall hyropyrorauterestrorperoranthbillsaokville ro daobigelongwhalk, 'whioh signifies a muddle. They got up a surprise party Thursday night last on a young married couple, at whose house on Sheldon-street a similar affair was one of the social successes last session. The conspirators were met calmly but cordially at the gate by the husband, who rested on his shot gun, while hie beautiful and accomplished wife, whose face and I form were visible inside the poroh, said she was very glad to see them, but she didn't think she oould hold the bull-dog back more than a minatq longer.-* Chicago Tribune. A Possible Dissolution op Parliament.-The Deniliquin Pastoral Times of Saturday last has the following paragraph, but does not state its autho- rity :-" The Parliament will soon adjourn for the usual recess. During the vacation the Ministry, it is expected, will devise some bold measures, in order to test their hold on the House; if defe .ted, it is thought that they will dissolve Parliament, and go to tlie country on theil measures." Thr " Gardiner" Question.-On Friday, the 16th of May, the day of the departure of the mail via Brindisi, the Euri of Belmore moved in the House of Lords tor papers connected with the miti- gation of Lepine's sentence in Canada by Lord Duf .ferin, and Gardiner's release by Sir Hercules Hobin- - son. The late Governor of New South Wales took the opportunity of condemning what he understood was to be henceforth the practice in the lattei colony, of the Governor deferring in all cases to the judgment of his Ministry; and, moreover, said be could not ngree with the decision carried out .by Sir Hercules. Lord Lisgar took patt in the debate, and stated that be agreed .witb Mr. Parkes in doubting whether any change from the system which had hitherto prevailed in the colony, would be beneficial, and he further said he could not concur -with Sir Hercules Robinson that the respon- sibility of deciding should be left with the Colonial Secretary. His lordship at the same time expresseu his warm approval of Lord Dufferin's conduct in Lépine's case, when, if may be remembered, he hud commuted the capital sentence to two years' impri- sonment, the offence, or murder, of which Lepine had been found guilty, being looked upon by many as - having been committed at a time of great political excitement. Lord Carnarvon spoke at considerable length in reply to Lord Belmore, and whilst giving his emphatic approval ol Lord Dufferin's proceedings, strongly condemned tlie, course pursued by tbe .New South Wales Government, stating that " it uad no right to .trans- port a criminal to another part of the British empire. That might have been very well, when criminals, sent out of a colony, were turned into a wilderness ; but in these days, the Australian colonies must find means of maintaining their own criminals." Lord Kimberley coincided with the views enunciated by the Secretary of State, und the motion was finally withdrawn,-Lord Belmore saying a few words in conclusion, and pointing out that New South Wales had not transported Gardiner to another part of the empire, and that lhere was a difference between ex- patriation and transportation.-Melbourne Argus London Correspondence. Kain.-Tbe Maitland share of the last portion of the ¡gale-the south-easteily drive-bus been veri light indeed. On Thursday night a few light showers fell, and yesterday was a day of drizzling light showers, continuing in the evening till we weut to press. . j The Police Magistrate.-It will be seen by our _ telegrams that Mr. Addison'a appointment os Police Magistrate of Maitland has been published in the Government Gazette ; as also the appointment of Mr. Graham as his successor at Tenterfield. TSbkl.-The ' cases of C. F. Soiling v. J. B. ^ Thackeray and J.' MVSweet, lor libel, postponed,fronvj the previous Friday} were yesterday further post-' poned till Friday next, in accordance with au ar- rangement previously made. Mussbs. Wolfe and Badgeky's Sale of Wick- ham Pbopebtiks.-These gentlemen request us to draw attention to the change in the date of their sale of Mr. A. A. Dangars Wickham allotments. - The sale will take place on Thursday July 15, instead of Saturday, July IO, as previously advertised.-Com- municated. 