CIHCULAE HEAD. (From our own Correspondent). Our petition in re Public Work, is rapidly being Oiled with signatures. It may be termed the drudgery of political work to canvass a thinly peopled country district, with the roads in the state that tbe winter traffic and rains have lelt them. Owing to this difficult; our petition may bare to be forwarded minus many name, that would have been cheerfully attached; but I believe \\\w man U not in the settle. raeni wuo w..uiu relusu losign it. I hear from all quarters very flattering remarks on thu Oinmall Chronicle for its vigor ous and judicious advocacy of this good Tlie spirited way in which our Reading lluom enteruiiiineiili are generally carried out, ha- liln-iu-s refilled credit oil the ninuui'in^ iMuimiUce. On TlmrRiliir night lust the craving Tor something new was gratified by a Charade Operetta. I'jr some time back the fallowing milicit ha* bcou posted up in various parts uf the district:— ??Charade Operetta, 'The Alagic Mirror, in live nuts — word of four syllables. Pramatis Personte — Otto, a Youni.' Knight; The Wizard; The King of thn Goblin. ; Laura ; Fairy ; Familiar Spirit; Vainpiro ; Ghn.l. ? Goblins ; (Jiunt ; llw.rf. Act 1st. Keenps — The witurd's chamber — Th- in- anlalioi— Tho appariiion— Tbo ciiuipart— The abduclion. Act 2nd. Scenes— The haunted fnrest-A true heart and a trusty sword against tho powers of darkness. Act 3rd. Scenes— Tho drowsy glade— Weariness and temp tation- -The hot pursuit— The crash of doom. Act 1. Scenes— Tho wizard's chamber— The wizard consults his mirror. Aei o. Scenes— Tho enchanted castle— The gohlin's suit! -Tho blast of the trumpet!— Rescue and retribution 1! !— 7'Vno/.;.' This was sufficiently voguo and interest. It was also rumored tbat un earthly and portentious noise, had been heard i.suiug from the hall on rehearsal nights, and that grotesque and hideout masks had been seen through tho chinks of the door; the room we. consequently filled to overflowing. Tho story briefly told was this— A wizard lusting lor more power, entered into a compact with the goblin king, and bartered away his only mirror, which was lo reveal to him the secrets of the future ; but Laura's heart was pro engaged, she resisted, but over come by incantations was carried avay lo the goblin's palace. A benevolent fairy informed her faithful knight of the abduclion ; in attempting the rescue lie. bad to run the gauntlet of ghosts, ghouls, hobgoblins, vampires, gisnts, valley ofdeatli.&c.ovorallofwbich.Hidedbythe; fairy, ho is ultimately victor, and carries oil' liia lady love in triumph. The word — di- c-on-so-late — might have been easily guessed by auy one possessing ihe smallest ingeuuilylin these luitlers, bul so absorb ing was the interest in the play that most people forgot the charade, and ouly one lady and one gentleman el aimed the honor or baring kuimswiI il. Rcillu-r labor nor expense liaJ been sparc-1 on (be scenery and costumes, and all acted well, from the smallest goblin to the giant -the latter puzzled tho audience as to his mako up, and -ome were, inclined to think that the veritable Chang had appeared amongst us; the substratum, I beliovo to have been, a tall boy on a tall man's shoulders. A mask and artistic costume united tbe two, and completed the disguise ; but oven ho stretched his nine feet lengtb on the floor, after a furious battle with the redoubtable kniglit,whi- cut offliis ghastly bead and bore it on' on Iho point of his sword, sundry squeaks meanwhile issuing and blublieriugs from the youngsters. The goblin duicc was excellent ; tho urchins, all dressed in white, and each with bis distinrtire musk, footed it ou tlie light fantastic toe wilii a spirit and precision that elioited ronrs of laughter. Perhaps not the leait amusing part of tho scene seniors, over whoso caroworn faces the ripple of a .milo is seldom seen to pass, made the most mirth-provoking grimaces, and .hook their sides as heartily as the youngsters. The singing, too, was good ; tbat of tbo fairy and the heroine of tbe piece was sweet, aud (a rare excellence among amateurs) the enuucialion clear and distinct. A Hamlin orgau and piano discoursed sweet music -luriug the inter vals of tbe acts. The piece was the pro duotion of local talent. It bas been raid that the man who raises a smile ou the countenance of his fellow adds to the sum of humiu happiuess. All honor to those who givo their time and unergies towards mcul for the lonely dwellors in the bush ; ' but it doe. scorn a pity that a production, possessing sufficient literary merit to ensure popularity in larger and more- pre tentious circles, should be allowed to drop into obscurity after one representation in lutuUct., 1875. 