SIX DAYS IN THE MOUITAINS OF COWLEY BY THE EDITOR. NO VII. IMMEDIATELY on our arrival at Long Plain—an event which was scarcely looked for, seeing that for several days previously the heavy and continuous rains had been such as to lead to the impression that nothing but urgent business would induce anyone to travel—prepara- tions were made for a visit on a grand scale to the CAVES OF COOLEMAN PLAINS. My projected visit had been talked of for some weeks, and it was decided that whenever I came, a large party should be in readiness to proceed on the subterranean ex- ploit which was to form one of the two great objects of my trip. Mes- sengers were consequently sent off at once to the neighbouring station at Cooleman, to apprise those in charge that the following day (Wednesday) was fixed for the excursion; and from Cooleman, again, a message was conveyed to a more distant station to some gentlemen there who were to form members of the party. At the station where we re- mained for the night, sundry pre- parations were being carried on up to a late hour—such as the manu- facturing of torches and candles, and collecting tools for operations in the caves. Some of us, however, repaired to rest, leaving W. R. and G. F. to complete arrangements, while an old Scotch shepherd amused them with performances on the chanter of his bagpipes, inter- spersed with sundry stories. One of these was of a certain Scotch piper who once upon a time went into a cave with his pipes, playing a well-known Scotch air, and was never seen alive again; but ever afterwards the sound of his bag- pipes wailed through the cavern to the self-same tune, down to this very day. With similar stories of the exploits of brownies and fairies of the olden times (every part and parcel of which the old man reli- giously believed) he beguiled the weary hours till long past midnight, when I had the satisfaction of hear- ing them all turn in. STARTING FOR THE CAVES. The previous day closed with every symptom of a favourable change in the weather; and Wed- nesday morning dawned clear and bright, although the air was cool enough to render fire an agreeable accompaniment at breakfast. Soon after that important business was transacted, we were in our saddles —half-a-dozen of us. Our way led over undulating plains, crossing crystal streams, up into a belt of timber, and on by the old trapping- yard alluded to before. Shortly after passing this point, the wooded uplands we were now in were ex- changed for a sudden and sharp descent; and down several hun- dred feet below lay OLD COOLEMAN PLAIN. It was here the late Mr G. Palmer lost his fine heard of cattle, which perished in the snow many years ago, as already stated. We came down right upon the old stockyard still standing, and, what is more astonishing, where are yet to be seen the deeply worn cattle-tracks, in shape resembling a figure eight, which the famished brutes made by a long continued and circuitous tramp over the same ground, before (as soon as the snow began to thaw) they finally and irrecoverably strayed away. This plain is very extensive, formed of undulating ground, well- grassed and abundant- ly watered—a large creek flowing through it, besides containing springs and gilghi holes, from which latter circumstance, probably, it derived its name—cooleman being the aboriginal word for a large water vessel which these gilghies some what resemble in shape. We followed for a while the course of the main creek, which seemed to be a tributary or the source of the Goodradigbee River, and then as- cending some rising ground shortly came upon the more extensive limestone plains known as COOLEMAN. The view from here is sublime. Many miles away stretch the open plains, singularly dotted with patches of bare flat limestone, look- ing in the distance like so many flocks of sheep "camped" during the heat of the day. Following the plain along in the direction of the waterflow, vast cliffs and gorges appear in view indescribably grand. More distant towards the east towers above other mountain heights Mount Murray, a well-defined mountain named after the late Pre- sident of the Legislative Council, who in the earlier times occupied some land in the neighbourhood. Bimberi and other notable moun- tains are also visible from the locality we were now travelling over. The scenery of Cooleman is far more beautiful and sublime than any I had beheld in my journey. We reached Mr De Salis's station about half-past ten in the morning. Mr W. F. De Salis (our late repre- sentative) was at home and wel- comed us heartily. In a cluster of sallows a tarpaulin formed the tem- porary homestead; a large fire burned at a fallen log; saddles, bridles, horse-shoes, and sundry other useful nicknacks hung in the trees around; a wild horse's hide was pegged out on the ground close by; and a stately native-companion, perfectly domesticated, fraternised with everyone about the place, without respect to persons. This handsome bird, the captive of but a week or two—if captive it might be called, while having leave and license to wander as it chose—was so attach- ed to all hands on the station, that it frequently followed the stockmen some distance from home, and went to meet them on their return. Cooleman station was the place of general rendezvous; and here con- sequently we awaited the arrival of the rest of the party. Mr De S.'s first inquiry, and naturally so, was for political news. SHUT OUT FROM THE WORLD for weeks together, he had heard nothing of the change which had taken place in political affairs. The defeat of Mr Parkes's Ministry; the difficulty for a while experienced by the Governor, in finding some one to form a new Cabinet; and the ultimate sending for Mr Robertson and his success in form- ing a Ministry, and the members who composed it, were all the freshest of news to our host, to whom at that time a few old news- papers (which I felt sorry we had not with us to place at his disposal) would have been a decided treat. It is only under such circumstances that one can form a proper estimate of the value of the periodical press. In talking politics and kindred gossip we whiled away the time till the arrival of the expected rein- forcements, when after a hasty lunch we were again all in the saddle—a merry party of thirteen— and half an hour's ride brought us to the first cave. The entrance to this is situated at the side of a creek, which at this point runs through a deep valley whose sides are com- posed alternately of high cliffs and precipitous grassy slopes. Descend- ing one of the latter by a winding course, to render our progress. easier, we were presently AT THE CAVE'S MOUTH, which is on a level with the creek, and is in fact the outlet of a sub- terranean tributary to the main creek. Our horses were soon un- saddled and left to graze in the neighbourhood, and in a brief time, everyone furnished with a light, and some carrying implements which it was expected might be found necessary for use, we scram- bled over the rocks which impeded our course and were in a large chamber which forms the entrance. hall to the wonderful apartments, vaults, and passages further in. THE HAUNTED CAVE. Not more than three years ago, the remains of a large-sized man were found in the mouth of one of the Cooleman caves, and further in, those of a smaller person, supposed to be a woman. An inquest was held, which resulted in a finding that the remains were those of a man and woman who had tra- velled together as hawkers. That particular cave has ever since been known as the Murderer's Cave, and superstitious stockmen and bound- ary riders believe it to be haunted; and indeed the same impression exists as to all the other cases. I was not much surprised, therefore, to hear from some of the men and boys in our party such exclama- tions as "Look out for the hairy man," "Take care of the ghost," &c.;, &c.; It was resolved that, before staying to examine its wonders, we should pursue our way to the ex- treme end of the long and principal passage of the cave, and inspect more carefully on our return. The floor of this passage is the bed of a creek, and in parts contained an uncomfortable depth of water. With more or less difficulty we threaded our way for some con- siderable distance, when the leaders of the party came to a sudden halt, with a cry of "Hark! what's that?" One moment sufficed to silence the clamour of a dozen tongues; and the next filled with evident alarm the breasts of those who just before had so flippantly talked of ghosts and goblins. It was no imaginary sound which came wailing through the cavern—a gurgling scream, a wierd cry, and a deep moan blended. Was it the wind? Not a breath of air was afloat, and had a hurricane raged without, it could not have stirred in the least degree the close atmosphere of that unventilated cavern. The sounds which struck upon our ears were too various and complicated for that, even had it been possible for the storm to stir these subterranean depths. To my mind it seemed more like the screams of bagpipes gurgling up from the waters of a flood; but pro- bably that idea arose from the story told by the old Scotch shepherd on the previous evening. Some of the party were for retreating; others seemingly more brave were for pro- ceeding to investigate the cause of the unearthly sounds still rever- berating through the cave. Num- bers inspire courage even in timid and craven breasts. So it was re- solved that the cause of the myste- rious sounds should he sought for. They seemed to arise a hundred yards or more ahead. Presently we came upon a sharp turn in the passage. The sound was still far in the distance. We had all crowded together, everyone foremost in his anxiety to discover the cause of the party's discomfiture. Just as our lights flashed around the angle it revealed a splendid ledge of stalac- tites, white as snow and glistening like diamonds. But, did our eyes deceive us? Did the fantastical stoney shapes, created by the drip- ping waters of ages, aided by our excited imaginations, resolve them- selves into ghostly form, or was it A VERITABLE SPECTRE crouching there? Everyone started backwards at the sight; some even seemed petrified themselves. It surely could be nothing else than a curious stalactite formation in human shape; the folds of whose snow-white raiment were formed of graceful foliated limestone. And yet there was the long, flowing, flaxen beard, with corresponding shaggy locks, the glaring eyes, the firmly-set mouth, and the hands with clenched fingers resting on the breast. Those eyes, fixed upon us, as if amazed at our temerity, and resolving upon inflicting con- dign punishment for our intrusion, seemed to flash back the light of our many torches. Perhaps after all they were only sparkling crystals set in lifeless stone. But was it the smoke-clouds from our lights, or did that mouth and those nostrils in reality breathe forth fumes and vapour? Our attitudes just then would have been a study for a pain- ter. The younger ones slunk behind; the boldest spirits amongst us stood their ground, it is true, but stood as if in breathless awe. One or two of the party had been in the cave more than once before, and had not contronted this horrible vision, nor even heard the still-continuing doleful sounds which contributed so much to the horror of the moment. One, braver than the rest, ventured closer to the spectre—if spectre it was—sitting so passive on that glistening ledge and forming, as it were, part and parcel of the same; and with his light raised high over head intrepidly inspected the appa- rition, from whose nostrils and mouth the vapour seemed to stream in thicker clouds. There could be no mistake. If ever there was a brave and dauntless heart in the world, that heart was possessed by A. McC., as proved by his awe stricken but firm behaviour in that trying mo- ment, as he stood face to face with what evidently was a living form, hideous as it was. A deep gutteral moan uttered by the apparition extorted the cry from more than one, "Brain him!" and simultaneously Steve G. seized a stone and was about to hurl it at the spectre's head. I seized his arm; for I was not satisfied but, that whatever it was, it must be flesh and blood. Just as I seized Steve's arm and checked his murderous aim, there was a general shout; for the spectre arose from his seat, and leaping in amongst the crowd, filled the place with mist, which arose from his long flowing garments, issued in torrents from his mouth and nostrils, and was scattered in clouds from the palms of his hands. The lights were nearly all extinguished and the utmost alarm and confusion prevailed. * * * * * (TO BE CONTINUED.) SINGULAR RETURN OF A STOLEN WATCH.—The Melbourne Herald states that about twelve months ago, a man named Thompson had a valuable gold watch stolen from him, and all efforts to trace it proved ineffectual. On the 8th instant, he booked at the Spencer-street station, for Wangaratta. Just as the train was starting, a man rushed up to him, exclaiming "Halloa, Thompson," shook hands with him through the window and left his long lost watch in his grasp. He says the party was a stranger to him. A STRANGE CATTLE DISEASE.— The Smythesdale correspondent of the Ballarat Star writes—A strange dis- ease has lately been attacking the cows of Mr Wrigley, and he has supplied me with the following particulars:—The cow first attacked fell down,and when raised, its left hind leg was a little under and turned towards the head, and on walking, the opposite hind leg worked in a kind of semicircle, as if too long. She was subject to an incessant discharge of water by drops, but not able to pass it naturally. For a fort- night she could not stand, and when lifted up immediately fell down as if dead. Seeing the punishment she was suffering Mr Wrigley had her killed, but she was not opened. The second case was in all respects similar, but the beast was opened after being killed, and found to be healthy so far as could be seen, the bladder completely empty. His opinion is that the sickness has been caused by the dryness of the season. Mr Wrigley says that he has four more cows which present the first stage of the same sickness. BURIED ALIVE.—A fatal accident occurred at Tooloona on the 5th inst. The Tamworth News reports that theI unfortunate men were engaged in dig- ging a tank near the head station, and whilst one of them, named Thomas Eaton, was on his knees undermining, an enormous mass of earth fell on him and crushed him to death at once. The other man, named Burns, who was shovelling out the earth at the time, was also caught under a portion of the falling mass, and although his son, who was present, used every effort to extri- cate him, he only lived an hour after he was taken out, TWO STRANGE CASES.—The Bendi- go (Victorian) papers contain accounts of two inquests held in that town last week. The first was on the body of a prisoner named John Kehy, 70 years of age, who died in the jail. The crime for which he was sentenced was steal- ing a portion of a large sausage. The old men had previously borne a good character; the sentence was said to be a heavy one, the case of 'pound of flesh' with a vengeance. However, death stepped in and cheated the law of a victim. After the inquest was over his wife arrived from Echuca, and from what she stated we gather that he had been the father of twenty eight chil- dren, that his widow was the mother of nineteen of them.—The second inquest was on the body of a girl who was burnt to death, and the evidence dis- closed a case of trigamy though it would probably have only been bigamy but for the Tichborne Claimant. From the evidence of the mother, it appeared that her deceased daughter's name was Elizabeth Hopwood, and she was the eldest of six children. Her father was William Hopwood, who went to Eng- land as a witness against the Tichborne Claimant. She (witness) had since received intelligence that her husband had married again in England, and that same day, his first wife, who had been deserted before he came to Aus- tralia, eighteen years ago, had him arrested and prosecuted for bigamy. The evidence relating to the girl's death went to show that she had been ironing clothes with her back to the fire-hob, and that her dress must have then caught fire. MELANCHOLY DROWNING OF TWO PERSONS.—A Miss Bell and her nephew were drowned at Rockhampton on Good Friday; and the only person who saw the accident was another nephew, a little boy who was not sworn at the inquest, but (as reported in the Bulletin) gave an account of the sad occurrence in the followings words:—I went down with aunty (Miss Bell) and Willie to the lake to bathe: got into the canoe and went out into the middle of the lake, when Willie went into the water first, and caught hold of the canoe; he let go and went under the water, aunty then went in after him, and he caught hold of her by the neck. She called out to witness to bring the canoe, tried to paddle it, but could not. Aunty tried to get to the canoe with Willie, and came a little way and then tried to swim to where the lillies are near the bank. Saw her for a little while, and then could not see anything but bubbles, never saw aunty or Willie again after; stayed in the canoe until uncle Harry swam out and took witness ashore. A GOOD joke is told of several of the Bathurst folks, who, on returning from the Exhibition in Sydney, got into a train and found themselves, not in their "beautiful vale," as they supposed, but in Goulburn. The wry faces can be imagined better than described. The opinion of the Attorney-General, Mr Dalley, is adverse to the crown interfering in the appeal to the privy council in the matter of Joachim v. O'Shanassy. FRIGHTFUL ACCIDENT.—The New- castle Chonicle gives the following particulars of an accident to a miner named Andrew Young:—Young was at the time of the accident engaged in the Waratah Coal Company's tunnels as a miner, and was at his usual work. The coal where he was working was 3 feet in thickness, and was propped up with 6-foot props: at the end of the coal there was a 9 foot prop, which was propping up the main roof, which is stone. Young was knocking the 6-foot props down to allow the coal to fall, but before he expected it the whole mass fell. He endeavoured to escape, but was struck a terrible blow on the head which rendered him appar- ently lifeless. Assistance was at once procured, and the injured man con- veyed home, where it was found that there was a compound fracture of the skull, and that he was bleeding pro- fusely from a terrible gash in his fore- head, and from his left ear. The wounds were dressed, and the doctors did all in their power for the relief of the injured man. ACCIDENT.—The S. A. Advertiser says:—On Friday night, April 9, a sad accident occurred at Miss Baker's resi- dence, Salt Creek, which may end fatally. For some months Miss Baker had been annoyed by men visiting his premises at night, as well as from time to time by receiving anonymous and threatening letters. It appears that on Friday night Mr Boyd, of Flaxman's Valley, had ridden ever to Miss Baker's for the purpose of keeping watch, and after his arrival some men were seen prowling about the premises, and in order to frighten them away, he fired off the gun loaded with a full charge of shot and slug, and by doing so acci- dentally shot a man named William Carnell in the right shoulder, arm, and chest. This poor fellow happened to be one that was coming to the house, as he had often done before, to watch the premises for Miss Baker. Mr Rutledge, of Carwolla, has pur- chased the fine blood entire Break o' Day from Mr E. Moody, jun., of Windsor. 