hlle )ortl:lalnd uardi:uin AND NORMIIANPI Y GENERAL ADI'ERTISE:I Pue.li.,'', I ev'i, Ta'.s iv ti FLt ' i ,'. 7To Protect our ,Rigihts--ot to I;fr1t7e TUESDAY, AUOUST 17, 1575. THE BOX TIIORN AS A LIVE FENCE. To settlers, selectors and farmers generally, there are few things of greater importance than fences, both as a pro tection to crops and as a means tto prevent disputes amongst neighbours, fromt the trespassing of cattle. If there be a weak point in a fence a cow or bullock i almhnst the first to find it out, and the consequences that foI!ow are too well understood to require recapitulation. 1 Time after time, in the Mebourne weeklies, the subject of live fences has been under consideration, and in 1873 a writer in the Melbourne L:ader stepped into the field in favour of the box c thorn (Lycium) as a substitute for post and rail or bruvh fencing, against all t others protposed, on the ground of its " beauty in the latnd.cele, its quick r growth, small expense, and its speedy and sturdy deftence against cattle." The elements mentioned are all strong argu tments in favor of the box thorn, and fIotm the specimens which we have seen neebelieve that of all the candidates fur e public favor the box thorn should take the first place. 'The writer in question, t to whbuom the farmers and settlers itn this i district are deeply indebted, goes on to c say : "First, seed can be sown, anti in eight weeks plants will Ite strong enough to plant out; the growth is quick, but nut of the nature that Old Planter suggests. He has picked up the word "luxuriantce," and mnade an imaginary ghost of it, as if I had conveyed the idea of a trailing vine or the fleshy aecacia. The boxthorn has no lisatl vantages that the whiteth.,rn does not also t possess. I have seen the whitethorn make a growth of from three to four feet in one year, aill 1 have seen the thorn in another sitaatiou not make as much in ten years. I The boxthorn hias the advantage in every t way. The whitethorn of quick growth throws out nouprickles, while the bosthorn of equal growth, on every inch of the branch, has prickles strong enough to pierce the hide of an elephant. The whitethorn 1 of quick growth puts out little or no under- - growth, therefore must be closely planted and much mere expensive. The box has a steady undergrowth from the root of the stem. When both plants are switched, or cut back, the thickening properties of the box are far superior, and the power to re sist cattle three times as great. Cost of seed for the whitethorn, the time from two to three years before pricking out in nursery beds, then again from one to two years be fore planting out renders the whitethorn an expensive fence, while the box is of small cost. Seed put into ground well prepared will be up in as many weeks as the white thorn takes years, and may be planted from the bed. An ounce of seed will produce as many plants as would run nearly one mile of fence, and what is of more importance in this country is its power to resist drought. The wood is to all appearance as hard andt durable as the whitethorn. To succeed in planting the whitethorn, a ditch or water table, and weight of earth over the root, are requisites. The box-thorn only wants the line of fence prepared, the plants dibbled in 9 inches apart, kept clean, and treated every way as the whitethorn. r Being evergreen, makes it a shelter of the best description for cattle and sheep at a time of the year when the whitethorn is a leafless branch." 