twenty vwabs ago ; or murder will out. (prom coiiubn's new monthly.) I must have been about five or six years old when, in onr little city of Comoro, there was a social gathering — one of those to wMch the English had given the barbarous name of pic-nics — a somewhat pleasant way of dissipating time and enjoying society. I was con ducted to the assemblage. They told me many little cMldren were there just litre myeeff to amuse themselves and to danea. I had no wish to be introduced to children " just like myself," and, as for dancing, I hated it in eveiy shape. I detested all such demonstrations. The circling bewilderments of so mauy forms and figures sent me to sleep ; and as I looked into their faces, I did not -find one among them to recognise. And the idea of beginning a dance with a girl ol my own age, and in the view of every body, drove me to despair. I should look like a fool; and as to mingling with them in their sport of " blind man's buff" the idea was shocking to mj self-love. So I mounted the stairs where tbej . tip were playing at cards, and I ensconced 9 myself behind one of the players, ob- served the shufflings and the dealings, listened to the " a tons," saw the trump- ings and the disappearance of the cards, j looking on with half-dosed eyes. Then came the paying and the receiving. I Sii! was pleased with neither. I should cer- tainly have burst into tears bad I been fu'fuH either a winner, or a loser — whether in grief for my own loss, or sympathy for the losses of another. I was astonished at the coldbloodedness of those who fi t: conld, without suffering, witness snch scenes. . IS At the supper-time "my aunts had - sought me, to give me some refresh- fe'li- ment. Truly, had it depended on my- ' 4 ' r'.' self alone, I should have been exhausted with hunger and thirst in the midBt of iVJS- boundless hospitality. Again they sat S&F; down at the card-tables, and all the Slrv-; players were much more talkative, and f c'-M? flung down their cards with far more energy than before supper. 4# At one table were four military men— -V Austrian officers, of course — steady, good-humoured fellows. This class of gentlemen gave the ton to our little ..-.!?' society. In the dancing halls they were ll1!? the great majority ; in fact, their nni- forms had bo great an ascendancy, that there were terrible s trifles as to rights aud precedence among the burgher to h , the soldier candidates for the favour of ;&"jl tbe ladies. j j " Among these four players there was a : stately but merry major, stout and robust, t' I who had a pleasant countenance. I know not why, but 1 certainly did wish that he should be successful ; and 1 had te-'i; no reason for being more interested in afS-S ' him than in the others. I had such 8ympathy with Mm that I stood behind Mm, fancying that if I smiled on his cards better luck would await Mm. And ' V they played so cleverly, that even to this hour I do not believe I could ever learn ijfj' 4' to play so welL Every one of the four had Ms hand raj V foil of cards— every one looked with fcj > obvious and curious anxiety upon each card as it-fell, and at the end of the game, p-.-i there were fierce disputes npon points ;h' utterly unintelligible to me. When the stout man was fortunate he always began Pi., -"V a song, wMch was " Oh my Fidele ! i sweetest maid, Fidele !" _ f But I was 60 very tired and sleepy. I «|j, could scarcely keep myself on my ls. W'Si My eyes smarted with the tobacco smoke around me, my head was dizzy with the ./K; noise of the music, and not less with the complexities of the unintelligible games r'-'P of cards. I withdrew to a corner. Upon w'-'i" a sofa there lay heaps of men's garments. (£, I threw myself on the heap, intending to rf - fjL take my rest there and let the world ' V' move as it might. J||; Reposing there, I was disturbed by re- membering the drawling of the bass viol, then the clarionet, between- whilea the i - "a tons — pay," and such disagreeable rememberances, till at last I tumbled on £-' tbe floor, bringing with me a winter jjf great cloak and a mantle, and thns I dept. The sleep of children is charming .tv-;!' — they never dream. Any one who -S iJ came and churned a garment thanked me for the care I had taken of it, and flung ; i - down upon the sofa the other vestments, and I slept all the more soundly. (r j ' Bnt £ was awakened, alarmed, by a loud V cry. Poking my head through the clothes | that lay upon me, I saw to my surprise : ,vj that no more play was going on at the | table where the four officers had been j sitting. One of them, a thick set, dark- ' ; skinned man, was making a fearful clamour, declaring that he had been in- ; ! salted, and insisted on revenge. I had :: 'bi never seen a man in so violent a passion. T In onr family wrath was never allowed V;|J to exhibit itself Had there ever been such a display, I should have needed no - blow to overwhelm me. I should have -r pi j died with fright. _ ; ; 'i.i While this young man was making H"; such a terrible uproar, the good-natured, p ;!_ stout-bodied major was looking on with , ' j perfect carelessness, aud only smiled ai the outbnrst of wrath from the junior , vj officer. He still shouted out " Insult ! revenge !" In the gaming hall some - other men entered at the beginning of jj. >" the strife, bnt they withdrew, and the quartette remained alone. I looked ; 1 out from my covering, and saw all that J; -; passed. :,p ; When the two were left to themselves they closed the doors, pulled the table C .? aside, and placed the lights upon the ' mantelpiece. The major and the other j; - officers flung away their overcoats, bared their arms to their shoulders, and each ? seized a sword. The major very quietly ,i p trilled " Oh, my Fidele ; sweetest maid, '.. , Fidele !" :>.P For the next few moments there was silence. The two opponents stood with outstretched arms opposite to each other ; the blades shone brightly enough to f shock me. The young officer endea- p - voured suddenly to spring upon the major, who guarded himself, and sang ; V quietly Ms "Sweetest maid, Fidele!" TMs only exasperated the opponent, who :-4- pressed forward, after stamping on the : - ground and retreating two paces. The major might have disabled the minor in foot and hand. It was clear he did not > ; mean seriously to injure Mm, but he : treated the whole affair as a joke ; and p again he warbled " Oh, my Fidele ! jS.V; sweetest maid, Fidele !" pyi At last, however, he disarmed the - youth, and the rattling sword fell upon one of the shelves. The two other officers came forward. They said the S"i; battle was over, and asked the comba- p'l' tents whether they were satisfied, who ip< answered they wished to proceed no farther. They shook hands, and peace i; i' was made. | Then the seconds shut the doors, and j -> desired the combatants to go quietly j- -i home, and not to show themselves to the guests. They went to the dancing hall, >1; where the cotillons were in full swing. ' They were so occupied with their own enjoyments that they cared little for the duelling ot other people, until the seconds talked abont it to their acquaintances. Bp And they more willingly did this as no misfortune had happened, otherwise the history would have been passed over in | silence. I bad no particular wish to close my eyes npon such a drama, aud wished to £ remain in my place awaiting the depar- p- \- tore -of the combatants after they had dressed themselves again. The young M . over-lieutenant was thp first to be ready. fc ; He took leave of the major, wished him m 1 good-night, and I saw Mm vanish from r the door into the court The major re- | mained buttoning np Ms coat, and ; r warbled out his " Fidele ! dear Fidele !" i $ At this moment the door of the danc ing-hail was opened and what happened comes back to me in as vivid a shape as if it had just happened, so that the minutest detail is present to me. A blonde man, with a bright summer-like expression, looked in through his spec tacles. He was also a military officer, but had a uniform different from that of tbe maj.or. He slipped suddenly towards him, aud his eye glasses so shone through the waxlqJits, that it seemed as if a grey- eyed ghost was visiting us. His lips were closely pressed together, as if he would stop tbe breath of life. The major turned his back upon him, and towards me hi® face, though, indeed, be bad only observed me. Iu the following moment he drew his rapier, and shouting, " Here's for tbe PosUpd ! " pierced the major through the back till the point of the sword came- through the lett breast, followed by a torrent. Whenever I think of that horrible stroke my body trembles under me. I saw liiui withdraw tbe weapon ; he wiped the bloodstains away with bis stag- leather gloves. He threw it aside, and sprang through the door that led into the court. Nor less did I remark that as the assassin closed the door after him, his victim pressed his hand upon the wouud in his breast, while the blood still flowed from his back in a heavy stream. He staggered to the door without a word ; no one announced that he had fallen on the threshold. And I saw nothing more. My head was bewildered, the world vanished from around me, and I lay on the ground in a feverish swoon. When I came to my senses, and could put a few words together, I narrated all I had that evening witnessed. My guardians shook their heads, and whis pered to one another that I was half crazy. I noticed their whisperings, and swore that I had told the truth, aud was astonished at their doubting my veracity. They expressed their surprise, and said it was a strange stoiy. There came other gentlemen to my bed ; asked me to repeat what had oc curred. They seemed astonished, though it is not usual to give much attention to the prattle of a child. But I narrated all that had happened, only I did not recollect the words the assassin bad uttered when be assaulted the major. I had never heard tbe foreign word before, and could not bring it back to my re collection. They desired I would dress myself fear nothing, but deport myself with calmness and prudenca. I should appear before gentleman to give my evi dence. It was the court martiaL Tbe noble gentleman spoke to me gently and kindly, made me recount alt that had taken place, and then asked whether I could poiut out the assassin who had murdered the major. The question alarmed me. To recog nise an assassin, to denounce him, to Ewear to his identity, that was indeed a perilous business. I began to waver. I trembled. Finally, abhorrence of the criminal strengthened me ; a childish spirit of vengeance, antipathy towards crime of such a character, impelled me to answer " Yes." They produced a man — the over- lieutenant who bad the duel with the major. I saw that he had no dagger. They asked me, " Is this he ? " I replied, " This was he who fought with him ; do not injure him ; they made peace with one another, and he went away." Tears at my words burst from the eyes of the accused : be sprang upon me, kissed me, aod said, " May G<>d bless thee 1 " And he was sent away irom the hall Afterwards no less than four-and- twenty officers were brought forward, and I was asked whether any of them was tbe murderer, lly head became again confused ; there was a rattling in my throat ; my tongue dried in my mouth, for I recognised the murderer among those who first stepped forward. He had no longer the spectacles he was accustomed to wear. There stood be looking on me. I could not bear the look. I began to weep : prayed that I might be conducted home ; that man frightened ma " Who is he that frightens you ? " they inquired. I pointed him out with terror. " It is he 1 he ! " Every limb shook with anguish I was told to look attentively on him, and then to answer. I looked again ; his countenance was tranquil - it showed not the slightest change. With my present experience, I think it was quite natural he should say that my words had no valoe ; that I was under the age en which my evidence was valid ; that I could not be sworu. . Moreover, I had myself declared I had been aroused from sleep, that I might have mistaken the physiognomy when only half-awake, and was uot in a con dition to point ont the real murderer. But I was not mistaken. His punish ment came in due course. 