GUILTY, OR NOT GTIILTT. BS TBB AUTHOB OF ' BBKACH OF PBOMISB, &C.; IS* Yes; the most puny, pale, squalid, limping. LV little object levVbeueld; mth a skin tbe colour o£ a. primrose, a little, sharp, taw face, ana a quantity of carroty hair, through wb§h that U, A -face lookedout, u from a Dire l nu aocturs »«u »-~ - — , - . » deformed too, a hunchback, u fast, and that one leg was already mnoh shorter than the ^So'much for their wisdom!1 Baid Marion. ?Lady Edith is now as tall as I am, and has the finest, most slender shape I ever saw: her hair is of a dark glossy auburn, with a golden light upon it. She is as beautiful as any angel, and moves lite a queen. And 1 heard the Ooantess, your mother, say to the new liarl, your father, that the Crofts had been playing -a very deep and double game, in concealing Lady Edith's perfect recovery, and the wonderful change' in her appearance!' « She is changed.' said Lord Hauteville. and bo mnch the better for her ; but if she were as lovely as Helen of Troy, that would not have made my grandfather alter his will in her fwour .; and I begin to hope and to believe that it's all a mistake from beginning to end. ?So! no! no I' said Marion, 'it is no mis take : old Lawyer Oroft drew out the wiH, and 1 was hid up in a closet, for your sake, Brian, and I even aeara every toiuk^' '-?= »-'? — -' it ! And I heard why the old man left every thing to Lady Edith— it was because it was owing to her (at leaBt, so he said) that he first begin to think about his soaL Her little hymns and tex-tu, and tracts, and collectB, and prayers, ha.l converted him. And 1 heard him say to old Oroft that the least he could do for her, who had brought him to lay np treasures m Heaven, was to leave his earthly treasures to 'her, and that she was the only one who would act like the good steward in the Scrip tures V ?Well,' said Lord Hauteville, 'if he was auc'fl a fool then, I hope before he died he saw the error of hia ways, and the injustice of cut ting me out of what 1 had been in a manner ____ ? «3 *~A tknt liahnrnf. that foftllSQ. UI1' fair will. If it does not turn up, the one made in my favour must hold good, and the old man's wealth oace mine, Simon, I need consslt nothing but my own heart, and yours and we will be married, my beautiful, bewitching beloved Marion ! With yoar genius, wit, wis~ dom gi-acs, esd beauty the world will not trouble itself ab -ut the antecedents of bo radi ant a creature. My haughty mother, heraelf a parvenu, as 1 shall remind her it she refuses to visit you, may scjld,' ana Btorm, and sneer ; but I believe the Lady Hauteville I shall pre sent to the great world, will queen it there as her dainty ..ladyship never did! Bnt here we Once more, before he lifted the latch, and entered jber father's hovel, .Marieii rawed his hand to her soft,' warm lips, and then they sat down by the side of the noble fire which she had piled up before they went out. And in that golden and rnbied light, Marion's brilliant beauty seemed to justify to Lord Hauteville what he knew the world would call a mesalli ance and his family a disgrace. She iaS thrown off her cloak and hood, and the firelight played on the ffowing outline and soft curves of her perfeot faoe and graceful \- form, it brought out the lustre of her black eyes and the glitter of her small, white, even The glow on her cheek, and the fire of her glance again set the selfish sensualist calculat ing possibilities ; for even while he meditated what the world called ? love match' and a saori Brian, Lord Hauteville, could outrage society, offend his parents, defy opinion, lowetbis pride, -ignore his best interests; his ambitions -do anything but sacrifice self, or rather self passion. ,,,.?»,, ,. And yet even he tried to think of himself as a martyr to Love ! But Love, true Love, in its purest, noblest form, had nothing to do with the passionate impatience that brought the young lord, even in that rude hovel, on that stone floor, a kneeling, weepirig suppliant to Marion's feet. But from this position he quickly rose,* when he heard the heavy steps and gruff volcea of his father and his brother in-law elect, at the wretched door of what onee was Bough Rob's hovel P Ohaptee XXXV. 'ThU is the house of death ; the lights th»t steal Thro' shrouded casements, serve bat to reveal The desolation.' Longfellow. Everything was inexpressibly gloomy, etill, ana dreary in me aargeneu uaauB ui uuo»w pine. The arrangements for the funeral of the late Earl were on so grand and so magnifi cent a scale (such useless 'pomp, expense, and ceremonial being an hereditary castom of the house of Bockalpine in consigning dust to flnst), that it was impossible to fix the day of the burial earlier than at a fortnight's date from the death of the old EarL The new Earl of Bookalpine (to whom quiet was a purgatory, and inaction a hell, sp dis tinctly was the 'still, small voice' heard in the 'silence and gloom), felt, sometimes as'if Reason would give way before the phantoms which Memory and imagination conjured up. ' The ghost of bis brother— bis bright, beauti ful gifted, affectionate, noble brother-iseemed to him, whenever he strolled into the grounds, (tolbreathe the fresh air and feel] the sun, no ? Carefully excluded ;f rom the house of DeatH), to beckon him to that Black Wood where ? the deed that damns eternally was done'— done Jonr-and twenty years before, ? and yet vivid, fresh, distinct in his memory as' an event of yesterday. ? At night, his terrors took the. shape of hid^ eoris nightmares, lu the howl of the wind he heard his brother's moan ; if he accidentally ; glanced from his window on the moon lit .^pounds, he saw that pale, unrivalled face, that -tall and. noble form; ever, to his fancy, the ^theBhadeofhis victim Beemed, with upraised ahancl to beckon him. J . Lady Eocka!pine and himself had become a fashionable pair, They had separate apart' mentB, It was her ladyship's wish— and, indeed, her determination; for though he courted- her presence as a sort of protection fr/im' fho ntmnrnma ho for p.vor cmrinrad nu. ^ho had ceveral times been so frightened by mr^oigMtziares and the terrors, shrieks, and ^jHcaans. that accompanied them, that she bad ^Mvetlto insist on separate apartments. Sheknew; how esBential to all beauties, but especially to one on the wane, is that greatest VHeUtteatives, 'balmy sleep/ and her lord, who diftiot wish to have his nightmares trotted ^Jw,SfiB paraded before the family physician, gsuldejljin sullen silence to the arrangement she insisted on. Everything connected with the recent funeral q£ his father recalled with torturing . diathfctneaB. to the new Earl's mind, the death £QBd burial of hi3 brother. There was the same shjteaded light, the same solemn stillness, the same, woe-begone faces, stealthy steps, and low whisperings, and the same sickly, all pervading scent of pastilles, burnt lavender, an* other herbs, wfaioh the ' death watchers' were burning in the chamber of the Dead, and the odour of which diffused itself all over the Gastle. Lady Bockalpine who hated Death, and everything connected with the 'King of Ter rors' (as all the vain and worldly do), tried to divert her mind by a correspondence with Mes dames Rnget, Laure, and Palmyre, the cele brated Parisian artistes, patronized by that blonde Empress and Empress of. blonde*. Eugenie imperalrice, ' - The Countess was engaged in elaborate con sultations with those great authorities, as to the most becoming style of mourning dresses, mantles, and bonnets to be adopted by herself and her daughters on their? emerging from what she, like Anne B jleyu, called thair ' dole ful prison in the Tower.' Whatever time this vain and frivolous woman did not spend ia dress, .and in consultation on this her ruling passion/she tried to get rid of reading Freccb£novels, and in writing to, and answering letters from idle fashionables, as full of vanity and mvomy as nerseu. In his Countess' company the wretched Earl of Rockalpiue could, of course, find no solace. He tried the society of Edith, but Bhe, in her deep grief at her grandfather's death, and m her great anxiety and distress about her beloved Arthur, from whom she had pot beard, could converse freely but on one topic,'treligion ; and that topic was intolerable to the guilty, world-stained man, who welljknevr he could not serve two matters, God acd Mammon, and would not throw off the yoke of the latter. Ida Lorraine,, now Lady Ida, whom the Csuntess of Bockalpine had left in town, was sent for in a great hurry by her |mother, be cause the Countess ? of Uichlands had invited her to Bichlands Park. Between Lady Bookalpine and her daughter, Lady Bichlands, there was a perpetual warfare, on account of the abode at Kicblands Park ot the unhappy Georgina, Oontessa di Boecabella For, frivolous as the Countess of Bockalpine was, she had deep feelings of revenge and malice in ber composition. She never forgave an insult, aa inj ury, or even a s light. She was implacable in the case of Georgina, the unbapp; Contessa, because she had disappointed,] ieceived, and outwitted her. She was furious: against her daughter Augusta, Countess of Bichlands, because she had sheltered, com forted, and upheld her wretched sister. For the same reason the Earl of Richlands was' treated by Lady Bockalpine as a foe. ; Again, she felt? a bitter sense of anger and revenge against Mrs.- Oroft, for the deception which she considered the latter had practised upon ber, about Edith's health and appearance. And she included in her resentment and her rage (she Bcarce knew why), poor Arthur Ber-i tram, Mr. Croft's grandson , for she felt that; he was just the intellectual, manly creature a girl like Edith would naturally (is so close an intimacy as theirs had been from childhood) learn to love and revere. She had considerable shrewdness, too, and she had seen at a glance, when sba beheld Edith and Arthur dancing together at the Ambassa dor's Ball at Paris, that they loved each, other. Her daughter love old Croft's grandson !— oh, it was a thing too degrading to contemplate ? Besides, she had set her heart on Edith's marrying the young Marquis of Dunstanbnrgh, and Bhe hated Arthur Bertram because she felt an instinctive oonviotion that he would be the barrier to so grand a match, and so desir able a union for Edith, and so delightful a connection for herself She hated her son Brian, Lord Hantewlle, too, because he was a disgrace to the family— beoau3e he loved low company— and bad blotched and blurred a naturally handsome face, and bloated and puffed out a good figure by the lo .vest kind of intemperance. She felt sure, lop, that if he erer married, it would be \otae one tar ceneatn Dim, auu sue tuongac oi lim with a shudder. With regard to her affection, she had some ittle tenderness for Ida, and some liking for Sdith (now that she was so beautiful, and so leioved by a Marquis); and she had a flimsy leoionstsative kind of friendship for some jandy f as hioaables —male and female— together toaxing adorations of a little French poodle vith the dog a toy dog, called Snowball ; and he ras, indeed, her obief companion and play nate at Bockalpine Oastle. Snowbal1 was certainly a beautiful, affect bnate, and intelligent creature, about the size -f a full grown squirrel, but covered all over, iaee, body and feet, with little, thick, flossy ringlets of silvery white, Hib face was beyond description jpretty, and so were Ms tiny thoroughbred paws. . He could dance, beg, sit jp, fetch, carry, shut the door; and, in short, ivasatonce very accomplished and intelligent Be was exclusive ia his love for Lady Bockal pine save in the case of Edith, to whom he vouchsafed many little tokens^of favonr, licking isr hand with his small peach blossom tongue, barking a little glad musical bark at her ap proach, and sometimes even deigning to Bpring up on her lap. ' The tone in which this was said awed t impetuous young lord ; be was afraid, Marion was,.angry— he knew ehe could be very angry, and very unforgiving, too. He was no oasuiBt —he did not know how hard it is for true love to resent even great injuries — how prone affec tion is to forgive. . , Marion did not love him— she did not even like him— all eloquently as she told him with her lips and eyes that she adored him ! No, Bhe did not love him; and once, when he had seriously offended her, ehe had refused to speak bo him or to 'make it up' for three months. What if she should do eo again f ' At the thought he dropped her hand, and. withdrew his arm from her waist, and humbly said, ' Forgive me, Marion !' i ' 1 do forgive you with all my heart, dear love I' said the wily girl, heraelf taking his hand and carrying it to her wara velvet lips; ' I do forgive you ; nay, more— alone in this Black Wodd 1 will have so fear, tot 1 will call upon you to protect me against yourself^ against— myself !' . : ' AgainBt yourself ! Oh, my angel, Marion 1 ia it possible you need any protection against my love f and— oh ! enchanting thonjjht I— against your own P Do you, then, love me eo weUPV - 'Hitherto, dear love,' Baid Marion in ner most beguiling tones, ' 1 have depended solely on my own virtue : 1 now— no matter why— 1 n»w appeal to your honour 1 ' You shall not appeal in vain, then, sublime, enohanting, incomparable, girtK said too young lord, some latent spark of good in his darkened breast igniting at this appeal to bis chivalry, his honour. ' Believe me, Marion, as a woman 1 love and dote on you, as a saint 1 bononr, and obey, and reverence you 1' ,V t,' Now you are my own dear noble Brian! said Marion, 'and we will not talk of Jove just now, it is a dangerous theme ; bat tell me all about the will. Yon have it safe, XhopeP ; ? No, dearest ! did 1 not tell yon of onr failure 9 The will was not in that trunk at all ! It was not there— it is some mistake ! 1 am in nopes we wiu you lanciea my oia grana father had made, he never did make, fie had a great and a very proper idea of the rights of primogeniture ; and that being the case, it is not very likely he would 'bequeath bis fabnlonu wealth to the little whey-faced, carroty cripple, my sister Edith was then!' ' How long is it since your mother last saw your sister Edith ?' said Marion. ' Ob, she had never seen her since she was placed with the Oroffcs till they met in Paris. ' And was Lady Edith ever really a little whey-faced, carroty cripple f asked Marion, I hear ( saya the Tumberumba correspondent ot the Tumut akd AmtLOsa Tons) that the Toosu station h» ohingei hands : Ueura. KlnleriSe ud K'Caitnef having purchtsed tbe home bUUod, end Hr. ll'Donald the chesp nu witb8-,6O0 sheep. 