SYDNEY LETTER, [ntOtt A CORBTJSrOSDESI.] I IT ¡B highly sotisfactoiy tl» learn tl)ut, for this season at leant, tho bu-ines* of the country ls to be permitted lo run it« prnper courio in tho Parliament, and that thorn is lo bo no " sticking up " of the Btnge coach ! by tho Opposition for a time ut len»t, II» in answer to a question from Mr. Poi kes, UB to how the present Government proponed to conduct the publie business, so as to hiing the present version to an carly clone, Mr. Former slated that tho Govotnmont proposed tn go on with tho Entltnntcs tn their completion, and did not Intend to hiing In anything likely to lead to n prolonged dineus-ion. With regard to iho Land Dill, the Government fully intended' to curry it ; nl«o, tho bill for the appointment of Judges. They would niuo Uko to pass tho Mining Hill and tho Stump Act, if possible ; und then, provided that tho Appropriation Act wan pttsscd, bring tho session to a cluse. It often appenrs io myself that eenuin members af Parliament and a pnrtlnn nf the Presa arc haunted with a ghost called " Immigration," which peeps Into their closet* In their lelnuro moments, with thc cry, " Hero I am nguiu;" and you ivlll noto-thut Mr.. I'idding'on has tabled a motion to the effect that this llouso will on ari curly date, resolve itself into u Com- mit too uf tho Whale, for tho putpoae of considering tho following resolutions i - 1. Thutn Uontd of Immi- gration shull be appointed by th: Governor, consist- ing of threo mombers, mid shall hold office for three years, and be eligible for re-iippointmint, nnd thnt the Colonial. Vrensurer for the time being shall be au ex olllelo member of tho Board. 2, That the sum of £12,000 per month shnll be paid by the Colonial Trei-nrcr to the credit af the Board nf Immigration. 3\. That a special grunt of £300,000 sliull bc puid by tho Colonial Tiea»urer to tho credit of tho Board of Immigration.- 4. That the members of the Board »hull be paid by fees, not ti exceed £2 1*. per day for each day of meeting, i. Th«t thc Uoard shall have full power tocxpenutho money appropriated by Pnrllamcnt for immigration, nnd to appoint and remove immigra, rion ngents,'clerk* mid other officers, to appoint their chuiimnn, ta frame regulation* for tho performunrti of their duties and ; holding their meetings and to do all other thing* necessary tu ba done, and any two mern» berg of tho lionid shall form a quorum, and shall ho competent to transuct any buainesN ut any meeting of the Board. 0. All regulations shall ha laid before both Houses of Parliament within ono month if Pnrlinment be titting, mid 'f Parliament bo not sitting, then within ono month niter thu next silting, mid all such regulutiohs shall, upon being published in thc Gazette, bo valid In law. 7. That the immigrants ?hall beseleotcd from England, Wales, Scotland, nnd Irelnnd, in proportion to the population of such countries, respectively acenrding to the last census. That achill ought tn bo introduced this Bennion to cai ry out tho above resolutions." Whether thone resolutions will bo curried into effect remains to be seen, but looking ut the state of tho labour market In Sydney just now, I cannot but help thinking that th« ruling powers will require to bo very careful how they carry them loto effect.' It is patent to avery, one that we have a lur¡¡e ribing white nnttvo population to protide for, and that the indiscriminate landing of numbers of poor immigrants upon our shores is lather a dangerous ex- periment. No doubt there is ample room in our large interior for many thousands, but from my psst expe- rience it soemB that they arc ju*t pitchforked upon our shores, and then lofc to shift (ur themselves. It ls well known that owing to the tightness of thc money market In Now Zealand, that immigration to thut country will havo to bo very cautiously conducted for 1 time, ai employment is scarce there ; while Victoria has a Urie upgrowlna population to provide for ; and our sister colony of Queensland, having overrun the constable of late In the matter of finance, will not havo much money to start upon publlo works without bor- rowing, I am afraid that if gentlemen interested were to inquire at our Sydney labour marts they would And that with the exception, perhaps, of some branches of tho Ouilding trnde, and pick und shovol men for rail- way work, and singla females, thai there Is enough of labour, and to sparc ; and it seems almost cruel to thoi-o who gain a living by the 1 sweat of their brow," that there should be this eager rush to push thu colony ahead despite the laws of supply and demand. Tho great roa«s of the working people in theBe colonies are merely " waiters upon Providence," and subsist upon what is gathered from the earth, and though our prayer is " Qlvo us day by day our dally bread," many thousands would soon realize tho hard fact that u single season of draught would mean hard times for themselves and families. Many old colonists re- member (hq sad scenes enacted In Victoria and Queens- land, in times past, by gangs of tho unemployed parading the streets asking for blend. And why should such a slato of things be repeated F Let us by nil means, go in for assls'.cd or family immigration when required ; but I nm afraid that should our rulers carry out tho scheme proposed to its full extent, they will have cause tn regret it ; the more especially as our Emigration Department docs not appear to hato the means or facilities for doporting immigrants into tba Interior as they have lu America, and wa know that oven Ibero immigration has been overdone of late. The second session of the Church of England Synod for tho'dloceso of Sydney was opened on Tuesday, April 20. In tho morning a large number of olor leal and several lay members of the Synod attended divine servico at St. Andrew's Cathedra), preparatory to entering upon thc business of the Church which called thom together. Many other persons were also present at the service. Prayers wera read by tho Hov. J. C. Collette, M.A. ; tho first Scripture lesson by tho Rev. Conon O'licllly, and tho second by tho Rsv. Canon R. h. King. Tho eleiicsl roll was called over by MT William Barker, registrar of thc diocese. After which thu Bishop of Sydney delivered lils opening address, and tho Synod took in hand tho usuul business incidental to such meetings, the most pro-, minent of which was n motion by the nev. J, C, Corlette :-" That whorens it lins seemed good to tho legisluluics ufcertuln of these colonies to remove tho disabilities that havo hitherto attached lo a man's marriage with his deceasod wife's sister, and whereas such a union is, nevertheless, held by many to bo contrary to tho law of Christain marriage, and lins been so legardtd In tho Church of England, as shewn by tho tuble of degrees appended lo tho book of Commun Prayer, this Synod is of opinion that no clergyman of tho Church of England, should be hold to be under any obligation lo solemnise such a union," Tho usual annual ball which cintos the Exhibition wus given in tho building in Prince AlfrctI Park on Tuesday evening. Nearly 1000 ladle» und gentle- men we io present. The arrangements woro eminently satisfactory, and in many important respects an Im- provement on thnso of previous years. In thc number of guests and brilliance of dress tho ball eclipsed its predecessors. The ground floor of tho building pre- sented an enchanting picture, being so thoroughly well ndaptcd by its vast size and conservatory like appear- ance for such an assemblage The profuso decorations nnd dii-pluy* uf minor plums nnd Hug»; thc plnying fountain, with tho largo nuinbor of well-drcssod terpsichorean-lill mada up a grand coup d'toll. Muny ofllccra ofiho Volunteers and othor scrvico*, with tlioso ol'tho Fionoh men- of-wnr in hntbour, woro present in uniform, and addod tn tho general effect. His Excellency Slr Heroules Robinson, tho Hon. Lady Robinson, willi several members of their family nnd suite, weru timong tho guests nnd oponed tho ball, mid dunning was kept up without intermission, except for u cupltul supper by Compagnoni, till daylight. Tho music and, in fuel, till the concomitants »ero all worthy of commontl.ttioii, nntl Mr. Jaubert added to his nlrcady groat reputation hy his laut und manage- ment. Tho muah-voxod question as to tho disminnal of tho Into curator of tho Museum has bcon futthcr venti- lated by tho laying of u Pntliumentury paper upon the tabla of tho flousc.in which Messrs. Martin and Faucctt, Crown Law officers, cnnuiir in nlllrming th ot tho tppolntmont is vested in the místeos ; and that elven by Mr, Dalley odds Hint " tho uustccs, and tho trustees ulonc, hud tho power to dismiss tho eui alor." Tho lessoning upon willoh I li en o opinion« aro founded is almost Identical in both cunos. Tho Musuom Act, 17 Vic, NO. 2, gave tho tiustcos full power to appoint ull officers and servants of the Museum, and thu entho management of ils affairs ; and further, ns Mr Dulluy puims out, mudo it lawful for them, In matters not provided for by tho statute, to act in any «ny they thought best far tho interests ot tho institution. Uf courte, there 1B much lo bo Bald on both Bides of tho question, but lt scorns n pity thia tho sondees of a tulcnled man Uko Mr Krelft should ba lust to tho colony in a puiition bo was so eminently titled for. As you will perceive, thc Rev. J. Greenwood is well ta tho furo again, as that gentleman has been lecturing upon tho Education question ut tho Mnsonlo Hull, in this city, while, he has bren enlightening tho public, through tho Prêts, upon thc merits und demerits of tho respec- tiva land lnws of those colonies. It is to be boped, til nt this gi ntlemun's earnest ndvncacy or matters ofs public Interest will bo productivo of good, and it', seems nlmost a pity thin bis talents oro nat turned to good uso In the Legislative Chambers. So far, our houses mid louds uro safe, ami wo aro not going to " cavo in," at present, BB it is undorstood that the Applications fur permission to. mine for toil under thc water» of Pott Jaukion, and on the teseiye». on the shore nf the harbour, SB IIIBO for nermissioii'.to mine under the waters nf the' port til N.-wcustlu?will' not be answered hy the. Minina;!Department, till the opinion of the Crown Law olllcer-i is obtained AB to what form or description, of tenure, if any;.nan be Riven to thc applicants. Bul lt would be a sad " bore" If the miners in their easer search, for coal, or other minorais, should happen to break through thc !' upper crust" upon which we dwell. , .Tho' formal opening of tho Sydney Rowing Club tonk place on Saturday lust, a., vety largo, number, of lurnea and gentlemen being present, by invita- tion to wltneis tho ccrt'tnnny. ' The committee have secured a most central position on Dawes' Point for the boat-house, and have erected a tlnu looking two-stoned weatherbouid building at a cost of £1300. There arc bolh-room»,. drosBing rnntns, and locks for tho uso af members. Mr. lt. Creen, the well- known rowing mun, hu* been ap- pointed custodiun nf thc ptemisrs ; and his minuted experience in tho art ofrowlng and trnining will be of great value in polishing up the very rough nod very raw material, willi whiah of course this, new club abounds. There is a Uno stuck nf rowing boats for tho u«o of members, comprising stringiest gigs nod sculling bouts, snme of which were built in Melbourne. Tho day WUB Une for the opening ceremony, and tho building was tastofully decorated with lings and ever- greens. Soon after 3 o'clock thirteen of the club boats were fully manned, thu members weurlug the club uniform -«bile, «¡til red cups, proceeded to abreust the Government jetty. Farm Cove, und drew up in linc. Sir Hercule» Kohinmn cmbniked In his barge, and was escorted by the procession to the boat- house, whero ho wss recuved by tho comrnitteo. The leader nf tho .New Quinen expedition, Mr. William Macleay, has received hundreds of applica- tions from volunteers »ho wish tn join his expedition to Now Guinea, To these tho invariable reply is that the expedition ¡BStiictly privóte; that tho pro- jector has no iden whatever of nov permanent occupa- tion nf nny portion of thc country, and his intention is m orel v tn secure specimens of tho fauna and flora of tho different islands to be visited. Tho iutoiest at- taching to the scheme will ba greatly enhanced if a stay nf reasonable duration is made at some of tho islands on the route to tho Minti scene nf operations, wiiero specimens of rare birds, plants and snells are known to exist. There was somo excitement hero on Wednesday last nt St. Mut y's pro-cnlhcdral on the occasion of tho marriage of Mr Moig'in to Miss Clara Lea, tho well known vocalist. A number nf carriages conveyed the friends nf the porty to and from thc. importuut cere- mony, and at night a peal of eight joy bells rang out in celebration of the affair. Writing upon tho effects of tho late Exhibition up-m trade, &c.;, the Sydney Mail says t-Large orders hove boon given fur uRriculturul machinery, fnr seeds, mid fnribo produeti of cultivation. Tho fate of'ngrlcul. turnl machinery Indicates increasing culturo ut'less cost. Never before was so much machinery shown, nor so much bought. Then in thc mutter of preserved food-fruits, meat, buttai, milk-the butines» liss been extensive Tho colonial article in coming to tho front and being recognised, and suveral industries aie rit-iiig up amongst us, bidding fair to attain 'o great dimen- sions Thc prize system In such matters hus a de- cidedly good eiltet ' where it is jus ly used-SIHCO lt establishes the position of tho liest article, bu it II colonial or foreign product, which as a principle is thc soul of trade, before these exhibitions were, it wss heart- breaking walk to introduce anything colonial in competition willi n foreign article that hud obtained possession of thu market. It is less so now, and will bo ns wo proceed, provided these annual meetings are kept up ns we hope they will bc,: See how it is willi condensed milk. An Ulladulla furmer has quietly slipped into tho trade, puts ip.a thousand tins it week, and could sell four times tho qunntlty to contractais and retailers if he had it. Time after time his article has been ucoorded tho first place. This is different lo thc uphill work sumo men have had in getting u foot- ing for maize meal, mid snap, &o.; It seems that young gentlemen connected with our public cilices me not lo bo indulged in flights of fancy, as u few weeks ngo some telegraph operators' wero suspended from duty- for scuding fictitious tele- grams to a person in tho country. An Inquiry into tho cuso was held, and thc result is that Air John Smith, of the Hallway department, and Mr Charles J. Ncaldit of Windsor, have been dismissed, and Mr Horatio Mackenzie, of Richmond, lins been ullowed to resign. There luis been much discussion In the Sydney Press of Into respecting the advantages nnd di-udvnn Inges of Sunday music in the Untiinic Uardens, nnd so far thc advocates of Sunday music have ninda out n good case. One gentleman writing upon tho ques- tion says :-Tho religious scruples uflhoso who ob- ject to musio being played for a few hours in tho Oar lens on the Sabbath would 1 am sure, soon vanish, if they could on thnt day of rest, quietly lift thc roofs from our hnuscs and see what immorality and wicked- ness is sheltered In many by bricks mid mort ir. This state of things is no doubt, in thc majority of enses, brought about through idleness and a want of some sociable and intellectual recreation, and as music alfords both, nod as the great Luther says-" It keeps Satan at a di-tance, mukes it mun happy, and free fi om anger, pride, and every other vice," Legh Richmond also says : "lara persuaded that music is design- d to prepare for lieu veo, tu educate for the choisi emioymcnt of Paradise, to form Iho mind to virtuo ana di-votion, und tn chaim away evil and sanctify the honit to God." I sec by tho telegrams in thc Sydney papers thut you hnvo been having " high jinks " in Grafton, con- sequent upon tho arrival ol' a cclcbrutcd judicial per- sonage. I hope you will bo more successful limn some of our up-country friends, as to " who to p y tho piper." At u meeting of the Reception Committco nt Dubbo, thc loon! journal reports; " Mr Morgan strongly objected to tho accounts being then laid before tho committee, lest il should be repotted there was a deficiency of £100 or £1/30. Mr Wilton said ho could not imagino anything »orso being reported than was already current in tho town, Mr Morgan lind not heard any report i.bout thu matter, and thought ho was quito ns much about tho town as Mr Wilton. Tho lnttcr gentleman said ho did not pretend to know what Mr Morgan had heard or not heard; ho only stated what ho had hoard him>olf from several poisons, namely - thal tho committees had been careful nt Hist with rcgaid lo expenses, but had afterwards relaxed, and that a bill of£0G or £07 was incurred Tor tho ball supper mid refreshments only. Mr. Morgan snitl ho did not think any good would come of examining of thc accounts then, Mr. Wilton differed, and said, it was not for Mr. Morgan to " think " about it. As seerotury t'6 tho committee he wns bound to lay the papers on thc table ; and ho (Mr. Wilton) insisted upon their production. Mr. Morgan in a very excited tnnntter snitl ho would not bo lectured in this wny by Mr. Wilton, und peremptorily rcnuirud tho motion for adjournment lo bo put in tho meeting. Tho Chairman, however, politely repelled tho man- dato, saying he considered tho titnundment was fairly open for discu.eion. After the display of a little more acrimony, tho amendment und the original resolution wero put to the meeting, mid tho adjourn- ment was Carried by four to two. The meeting then brollo up. Such is life, ns alter thu " Opota " is over comes tito cabinet question of settling up, »hen, ns Casslosuys,-" 1'ttt money in thy purse, Iago; " Il is said that Ibo piece known ns " Struck Oil " lins drawn over £17,000 since its first presentation in AuBtrulia. I wander what tho poor man who wroto it got for his trouble f Talking of literature reminds mo thnt in a lato numbor of a leading Sydney weekly paper, under tbs heading of " A farmer's fireside," appeared the follow- ing well-known lincB, which many a person, now perhaps, groyhended, will remember ns a nursery rhyme : Arnuml tho tiro, ono wintry night, Tho fnrtnor's rosy children sat. Tito log Uro sont Ita bluing llghi, And mirth wont round, mid harmless chat. whon Intrk I a gonllo lund they hoar I,aw ta|i|itng at Ilia autor door, And thus to gain their willing onr, A faublo vol jo waa hoard imploro 1 Cold blom tho blast neron tito moor. Tho sleet drives hissing In tho wind : Von tnlliutnu uiimntalu flos hofnro, A dreary troció» wrulo behind. No doubt tho lilon mid tho sentiment expressed arc good, but it sectus ti pity that some " colnuial musu" does not warm up, mid give us something beilul ii g the land wu live in. Hut, perchance, they get no cnoour agomcnt. A complimentary plc-nta was given ta-tlay to Mr M'llwraith, late Mayor of Melbourne, and Mr Thomas Fisher, late Mayor of Utahan, by a number of our loading citizens, Tho favourite steamer "Manly" «ns otigngtd for tho occasion, and despite tho high prices charged for tickets, namely, £1 ls for gentle nieii, and Ills Od for Indies, upwards of two hundred Indira and gentlemen-- Including Mr John Knbertsnn, .Oolunlnl Secrctnry, Mr Lucas, Minister for Works, Mr John Uootb, M.L.A., mid Buterai other members of Parllaraont- embarked at tho Circular Quay, nt 0 o'clock, and thence proceeded tn Chmlaif; tho Manly boin« alit-rwards billowed by a steam launch contain- ing »onto friends who wera unable tn lottie town st 9 o'clock. - On reaching Clnuuif nn elegant tcpusl wa« spread In tho; large pavilion, tho'Mayor of. Sydney occupying the. chutr, sonpoitud on lils tight and left by the gue-lsnftho dar, whose healths were drunk with enthusiasm, ino Hon. J. Robcit>nn speaking ill high, t.-ftii-ni the elfins of Mr 1'. l't.her tu further the intelcsts and ndvunco the mutend pruspfciuy of tho town nf Gralton and, thu (Jinnnee district in general. Hie toilets weto suitably responded tn by Messrs. M'llwriiith nnd FiBlitr. and tho tables hating been denied, thinning wm indulged lu by lbw rutarles ol the terpi«c1inrc.iii in thu striuus nt nn excellent band,'while others iiuïtttgètl In foothnll, ci ¡ellet, as fancy led them, .Shortly before durli thu ¡estivo party embarked, and were safely landed after having had a plenssnl day's enjnymen'. Wedno»day'evening, 28lh ApiuY 