MESSRS. MOODY AND SANKEY IN LONDON. (From our Spei^-Correspondent,! i The 'American- Evangelists. have been: boo ' tban a week In the meti- qjoolis, «hd the exoite ment which attended their first appearanoehas not subsided, though it is not -exteudiqg aart did in some of the large provincial'to"wna. ..The " mission," whichis intended , to last, four months, opened on Tuesday, 9th instant, with' !a night, meeting at the Agricultural Hall, Islington —the largest building for public purpoaes in London—and one that has been frequently "men tioned In your annual notices of the Christmas Cattle Show. This immense hall was fitted with seats from floor to roof, and the sitting room provided would have sufficed comfortably for fifteen thousand people. But on the opening night a good many more than the maximum allowance squeezed themselves into the interior. There must have been well on to seventeen thousand present, but they were not as a rule of the .class who stand in most urgent need of evangelizing. The prevailing type among them was what Mr. Moody himself classifies as the " Christian worker." The platform had been reserved for clergymen and members of Com mittee. All communions were amply repre sented ; but Nonconformists were not in the ascendant. Among the notable men were two Peers—the Earl of Cavan and Lord' Radstock— themselves zealous. revivalists. The House of Commons did not not seem to be in force—Mr. Ssmuel Morley and the Aberdeenshire member, Mr. McCombie, being most conspicuous on behalf of that branch of the Legislature. Mr. Stephen Blackwood—a leader of the' cele brated Mildmay conferences and a distinguished official in the Civil Service—joined -in the wel come of the two Americans. The audience as a whole was of the usual church-going, respect ably-religious order; but thiB was to be ex pected at what was really a preliminary meeting. THE FIRST SERVICE AT ISLINGTON opened punctually to a minute at the time announced—in fact, Messrs. Moody and Sankey ascended the platform a minute or two before their time. Some months ago you had an inte resting account from Mr. Lyall of oue of their ser vices in the north of Scotland, in which he gave a sketch of the men and their antecedents. Mr. Meody, the preacher, is rather a big, burly man, with a black beard worn colonial fashion—he is out-and-out American; but Mr. Saukey has a decidedly English appearance. Portraits of them are no doubt circulating in the colonies, as they are all over England, but the purchasers need not flatter themselves that they possess very striking likenesses. One of the pecu liarities of the Evangelists is to refuse to sit for their photographs. Over and over again they have refused handsome pecuniary offers for a sitting with copyright. Before coming here they were pestered with such offers from the leading West-End photographers, one of them accompanied with a suggestion that a cheque for £1,000 would not stand in the way of a friendly arrangement. In default of originals the artists have had to take i sketches at the meetings and " make up" from 1 them the professed photographs now in circu lation. They are as a rule very indifferent j as counterfeit presentments of two remarkable ; faces. Ou ascending the platform Mr. Moody 1 walked straight to his rostrum in the eentre of ' the platform, and leaning on the rail said quickly and without any preface, " Let us rise and sing ' Praise God from whom all blessings flow.' Let us praise Him for what He is going to do in London. Let every one sing." A pause of a few seconds followed while Mr. Sankey was adjusting himself at his harmonium. The doxology, familiar as it must have been to nearly every soul in the great audience, was poured forth with a volume of harmony and energy almost inconceivable. At Mr. Moody's request one of the ministers present—Mr. Billing —prayed for God's blessing on "all London" and the work He was about to do in it. " Old Hundred" was given out next, and sung again by the whole congregation,- Mr. Moody now commenced'what might be called his introduc tion, though it was a very Bhort oue. He said he had received letters and telegrams from nearly all the great cities in the country, stating that Christians were that day praying for London. He asked the congregation to spend a few minutes in silent prayer for the same object, and then, falling on his knees, he poured out a fervent petition—"Thou God of Pentecost, give us Thy pentecostal blessing." Mr. Sankey followed up this remarkable prayer with his solo, "Jesus of Nazareth passeth by," the effect of which rather fell short of what it is said to have produced elsewhere. It may be that the singer was suffering, as he certainly appeared to be, from fatigue, but at subsequent services the t milling in fluenceof the hymn has been fully apparent.- The next thing on the programme was Mr. Moody's address, which had a slightly humorous prelude. A person in one of the galleries seemed to be rather excited, but his neighbours bore patiently with him under the supposition that the exalte - ment was legitimate and proper to the occa sion. Mr. Moody's experienced eye detected more of the truth. Stopping in his pre liminary remarks he said that if persons would come there under the influence of in toxicating liquors they must be ejected. The congregation, he added, will sing a hymn while that man is being put out. When order was restored Mr. Moody proceeded to expound the text, 1 Corinthians, i. 17, "For Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the Gospel." MR, MOODX'S PREACHING was, of course, freely Commented upon by the metropolitan Press, secular as well as religious. The secular verdict has, I am bound to say, been rather more charitable and appreciative than the other. A singular misunderstanding took place at the outset with some of the religious papers which had arranged to publish full reports of Mr. Moody's addresses. On seeing the announcements to this effect, Mr. Moody caused notices to be served upon them by a solicitor. The Chi istian World and a kindred journal were hurt at the prohibition, and did not fail to remark that it was an unprecedented policy for a popular preacher to adopt. Mr. Moody has since shown a practical motive for his veto on reporting, as an authorized version of the addresses is being advertised. Up to the pre sent time only sketches and fragments have been doled out by the descriptive reporters, who of course selected only piquancies. The Daily iVeics seems to have been pretty successful in catching the spirit of the occasion. Criti cising his style, it says:—" It may be true that he is extremely diffuse, that he is unconnected, rambling, and given to repetition; that he 'squanders himself,' if the expression is allowable, so that he dilutes his climax often into an anti-climax. But he is full of pith, and manifests great earnestness; he is continually saying quaint racy things, such as we are quite unaccustomed to hear from a pulpit, such as are often intensely grotesque, and not unfrequently raise an audible laugh. His manner of treat ment is not by argument, far less by rhetoric, but by dint of more or less apposite illustrations. He works by the citation of instances, which he narrates in his own phraseology, and the ever recurring Americanisms have a naivete which to an English audience has a fresh and novel effect. " GOD'S WATS NOT AS MAN'S WATS." In enforcing the theme " God's ways are not as man's ways," he made a kind ef apology to the clergymen present for intruding on their domain. "Our message is the same as that of these ministers—and with us it is in weakness too, for there's hundreds of men in London can preach better nor wo can. What we want is to look right straight away from man right straight up to God. If God is going to work in London He must work in His own way, and all we're going to do is to mark out channels for the Holy Ghost. God will take His choiceof instruments and means. There's a mountain. God wants to thrash that mountain. Well, He don't take up an iron bar; He ketches hold of a little worm to thrash that mountain. When God was going to destroy the world He did not warn a cation or the world, but a single man, whom the nations held in contempt and jeered at." . . . In illustrating Scripture history Mr. Moody invites comparison with his English prototype, Mr. Spurgeon. He goes even further in his auaintness and familiar rendering of sacred subjects. In a series of Old Testament portraits he made free with Mcses, Enoch, Samson, and the Archbishop of Canterbury in a planner which would not bear much repetition:— " God's way of delivering the children of Israel was different altogether from what ours_ would have been. We'd have sent an army, or if we'd been going to send a single man, we'd not have chosen one who'd been 40 years at the backside of the desert. But He sent a quiet, humble kind of mac, one whom we'd call, I suppose, a stuttering man, and He said ' tell them I AM.' That was a blank cheque which he was to fill in by-and 'by with water from the rock and manna in the desert. The man whom God works with most is always considered by the world the greatest fool. Enoch wasn't; a bright man to the woril, but God said, 'Come up here, Enoch!' Noah was the laughing-stock of his day. Look at Joshua going tramping the walls of Jericho blowing iu horns—the most absurd thing in the eyes of the world—downright ridiculous. Why, what would the English Press have to say of such a crazy like proceeding ? Fancy the Archbishop of Canterbury trapesing round London blowing horns ! He'd have had golden horns any how. Look at Sampson—how he worked with the jaw bone of an ass; he slew a thousand men. We . don't like to go to work with the jawbone ' of an aes; we'd prefer polished wanem But if we are to be in earnest we .moat (grab up thelBretlawbdtiS Of 'Sk fifflf W cheat* Ot abfr use ittdrGod; .''i+HjaiV-Sb HHdHifBMiiii absurdity of a raven sent to feed the Propheti and then theProphot sent ;f or food, not "tO 'w palaoe with well-furnished tables, but to a poerwidow, and she with a child."- •' ■-* r->- .ft i Mr. Moody followed down: his iOustratiop to modern times, declaring that: thje devil got Ida match when he - got' hind of John Bnnyaa, ;.tha Bedford tinker, and that a hundred such man'-as John Wesley would make theworid tremMe inside of a twelvemonth. After the addrpesMr, ' Sankey Bang -another of Ids hymns—" Hold'the Fott"—the benediction was pronounced, and the 17,000 people slowly Sled out of thefbuildingr This is a fair type of the Agricultural; Hall meetings, except that the attendance * has hartly kept up to the-original level. As a rule the . end of the hall is crowded but the extra galleries are sometimes not wholly' required. The- audience, however, seldom falls' under 12,000 or. 14,000. ■ For the Westenders a midday meeting is held in ' Exeter Hall, which is invariably crowded.'' Mr. Moody is not always present, but .most of the services have been conducted by him . THE SUNDAY SERVICES at Islington are likely to prove the most striking in the mission. Last Sunday there' were three of them—one for Christian workers .in the morning, commencing at 8 o'clock; a second in the after noon for women only; and a third at night for men only. The Christian workers mustered to \- the number of 8,000, and were addressed by Mr. Moody from the text " They that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the. firmament, and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever." The- burden of his counsel was that nothing should be. done for Christ from a mere sense of duty. " Borne people work because they think it a duty; they go to Sunday-school, to prayer- meeting, because, as they say, it is their duty. He (Mr. Moody) had a mother in America whom he visited every year. Suppose he should say to her that ho came because it -was his duty. Would she not be likely to answer Mm that he need not come any more ? If he were to send his wife a present and say he did so because it was his duty to do so, she would say, 'Keep it; I don'twant it.' Christians must rise to a much higher point than this; they must remember that it is. a glorious privilege to work for Christ." The afternoon assembly numbered about 16,000; the rule to exclude males being rigor ously enforced, though to the disappointment of many who had travelled considerable distances to attend. There seems to have been mors appeal to the feelings in this, than in Mr. Moody's usual discourses. It was interlarded with anecdotes of remarkable conversions and of instances of human love, illustrating the ' freeness and fulness of the divine. The appli cation of his theme was a threefold appeal, to (1) Professed Christians—too often stumbling blocks instead- of helps; here and there one of them awake, but the great bulk of them gone sound asleep; (2) Backsliders, on whom he urged the yearning of Christ to receive them again; - and (3) The avowedly unconverted, to wham especially he said there were three stages to ruin —neglect, refusing, despairing--a short way to the lost world. The close of the service showed how adapta tions are studied by the Evangelists. When he closed Mr. Moody had been telling the 15,000 mothers and daughters before him how a father had ODpe been converted by dreaming of a beautifnl girl he had lost, that he aaw her beckoning to him from a beautiful laud across a deep river. Almost abruptly he stopped and called for a moment or two of silent prayer. Presently, while all heads were bowed, the faint notes of the organ were heard, and soon Mr. Sankey was softly singing— " Come home, com e home, You are weary at heart, For the way has been dark. And so lonely and wild; Oh prodigal child! Come home, oh come home." The choir took up the refrain,. "Come home; come, oh, come home." At 7 o'clock the third service opened with a congregation of seventeen thousand men, several thousand more having been drafted into one of the adjoining halls. On the platform there were a good many faces well known at St. Stephen's, Lord Cairns being conspicuous in front; and. sear him sat the Hon. Arthur Einnaird.' Mr. Moody's address was a repetition of the after noon's, and the hymns sung included "Guide me, thou 0 Great Jehovah,""" The sweet hour of prayer," and "Jesus of Nazaveth passeth by." The hymns are now household words in London, and are on sale in almost every street. THE PRAYER AND ENQUIRY MEETINGS. On Sunday night a very impressive spectacle was witnessed at the " after meeting" following the evening service. Those who did not wish to stay were allowed a short interval for leaving the hall, and those who remained—about half the audience—collected together in the .area. A hymn was sung, after which "Mr. Moody rose and said that enough had been said by man for one night; he therefore 'called upon all present to bow their heads in silent prayer, so that while man's voice , was hushed the voice of God might he heard. There was one prayer in which all could join,' Lord, what wilt thou have me to do.' When the audience had assumed the reverent attitude required, Mr. Moody called upon those who desired the prayers of the meeting to rise to their feet and continue standing. In all parts of the hall responses were made to this appeal ofttimes repeated, and Mr. Moody audibly thanked God for thus manifest ing Itis presence amongst them, and said that there was joy in heaven- at the sight. He tiien asked all who wished to become Christians to go into the coneert hall adjoining, where he would meet them while the meeting continued in silent prayer. Several hundreds then left their seats and adjourned to the enquiry-room, and as Dir. Moody left the platform, the hymn • Twas love, 'twas wondrous love,' was sung, during which a great number left, while others stayed to pray for those who were in the enquiry-room." This week an additional service iu the after noon is being held, and a new rule has been adopted of admission by ticket. The' Exeter Hall meetings continue as before. The requests for special prayer have been innumerable, and some of them, to see the least of it, are curious. Nothing has been announced yet as to the arrangements for the East-End mission, which was part of the scheme. Probably the Evange lists intend devoting the first few weeks entirely to Islington, which, apart from the advantage of the Hall, is a central position for them, and easily accessible from all parts of the metropolis. - Attempted Murder and Suicide at Sea.— We are indebted to Messrs. DufEeld & Co , of Gawler, for the subjoined particulars of a dreadful tragedy at sea. The extracts are from a letter written from 'Natal to the firm mentioned by the captain of the Lass of Gawler:—" On March 22, at 5.30 p.m., whilst a portion of the crew .were having tea some joking commenced; the jolting was succeeded by blows between H. Butler, the boatswain, and J. Tarradi, one of the seamen. Tarradi, coming off worst, drew his sheath knife, and before he could be prevented plunged it into Butler's back, thereby causing a deep gash over three inches long, and exposing the internal parts. The wounded man was imme diately brought aft, where the wound was sewed up, and a cloth, saturated with balsam copaiba, applied. The man had lost a great deal of blood. Tarradi was placed under arrest in handcuffs, and confined for the night in the boatswain's berth. On March 23 the prisoner was allowed on deck, handcuffed, but I took the handcuff off the light hand, leaving it unclasped. He was also granted permission to move about on the quarter-deck. Shortly after he had had his dinner he asked whether he could go to his chest. He was asked what he wanted from it, but would not tell, although repeatedly asked. I went for ward and examined his chest, and found a razor and knife. I losked the chest and brought it aft, and.-then called the prisoner and gave him the keys, which he took from me and threw down, mumbling something. I then noticed that he had both his hands in the cuffs. He then walked aft, and deliberately flung himself over board, saying 'Good-by, boys.' I immediately threw over a lifebuoy and launched the boat, pulling away to windward for about an hour and a half, but the search proved fruitless. The catastrophe must have been premeditated, or otherwise he would not have clasped the irons himself. On the 29th I landed the patient, H. Butler, and placed him in the Hospital, where he is now recovering; but it will be doubtful whether he will be able to proceed to sei in the vessel." Mount Gambier Grammar Schood.— The Border Watch says:—" At a meeting of the Mount Gambier Grammar School Council held on Thursday evening, May 13, an offer from Mr. Joseph Clark of the Victoria Mill property was submitted, but it was resolved not to accept it. Some discussion then took place as to what was best to be done with the property already seeured. It was eventually resolved that a Com mittee should be appointed to draw, up a pros pectus for the formation of a School Company with a capital of £2,000, and that the same when approved of be submitted to the existing sub scribers. In the event of their endorsing tho Council's action, the prospectus to be issued and a vigorous effort made to raise the amount specified, which it was supposed would be suffi cient to put the Grammar School on an efficient working footing. A tracgements ware mada for a quarterly visitation of the school." 