SUBAH THE GIPSY In tho year 1C65 there lived at Hermauusburg a Squire named Hans Christopher von Haselhorst. He was noted for the charity which ho showed to every one, so that he was in the true sense of the word, a father to tho poor; and in his noble efforts ho was faithfully assisted by his like-minded wife, Auua Mavgarctha. With tho Pastor at Hermatuisburg, Paulus Boccatius, the Squire lived in sincere friendship, and helped lum heartily in all his benevolent schemes. At that time bands of gipsies wandered throughout -Geiv many. These 'sttttoge; people were < partly feared by tho inhabitants pf tlio villages, and partly regarded with favor; for though they Wged and stole in a shameless way, yet they were good tinkers aud fortune-tollers, too, and people could not do without kettle-mending, and, sad to say, they liked fortune-telling. Squire Haselhorst and Pastor Boccatius often talked together about those strangers, and mourned over their heathen ignorance. Every time the gipsies came to the Sqnire's Court and to the Parsonage they were kindly treated. The two good men visited them also at their camp, and spoke to them of the Lord Jesus, and told them that even for them the Saviour shed His Blood. At first it was difficult to gain a hearing from the gipsies; but gradually, lovo so far won the victory, that they seemed pleased to listen quietly. One thing which greatly helped this was that the two gentlemen would never let the gipsies tell their fortunes, neither would they suffer their wives, children, or servants, to have theirs told by them; explaining to them that fortune-telling was an invention of the devil, which an honest Christian should abhor. One Sunday afternoon, while Herr von Haselhorst was with Pastor Boccatius, conversing after the service, a gipsy ran to the Parsonage, and asked to speak to the Pastor. When he came in, he said that the gipsies had loft behind in one of their encampments a boy of fifteen, who for the last few months had been growing weaker and weaker, and who now could go no further with them. Since they had been taught by the Squire and Pastor, they no longer killed their sick and aged people, as they used to do; but they could not' take tliis boy with them in the winter season, aud would the Pastor or the Squire have pity on him and receive him ? They would willingly leave him to them, "even if ho should be desired to be baptized.' Then the two gentlemen went at once with the gipsy to the encampment, where they found a good farmer named Richardson, from the neighboring village of Baven, already with the sick lad. "Subah," for so the gipsy addressed the boy, " which of these three shall be tliv father?" Subah pointed to the Pastor, and said, " My father with tho book;" then he pointed to the Squire, and said, " My father with tho sword;" and lastly, to the farmer," My father with the bread." All three took his hand, and promised they would do for him as he desired. And they faithfully kept their promise. The Pastor instructed him, and the Squire protected him, and the former fed liim and took him into his house. Baven is only a quarter of a mile from Hcrmanusbuig, and thither tho Pastor went almost every day, sometimes alone, often accompanied by the Squire, to teach the boy and pray with him. And the Lord gave a wonderful blessing to his instruction ; for from day to day, while the body grew weaker, the spirit grew stronger. But the good Richardson had his share of trouble with the lad. Ho had a soft bed prepared for him, aud wished to lay him in it, but Subah exclaimed with horror, " Father thou wilt smother me!" liichardson wished him to put on a warm coat, but he said again in alarm, "Father, thou wilt smother me!" He would only sleep on the hard floor, and would have nothing but a sack spread for his couch; and of clothing he would only wear a shirt, which he would not have fastened at the throat, and of which he had half sleeves cut off; and only a thin sheet would he liave over him. And thus he lay for weeks, so weak that he could not stand, but more aud more eager for God's Word; so that lie always with longing awaited the hour when his dear " father with the book " carno. And ho learned to sing, too, which was a great pleasure to him; during family worship he had in a short time learned all the tunes, and as the gipsies are very fond of music, there soon rose from his couch the sweetest voice of all the singers. Bible stories he learned with delight, aud he listened so eagerly that he only wanted to hear a story, once to fix it on his memory. Often, during their leisure hours, ho invited the servants and children to come aud tell him Scripture stories; and he especially loved those in which there was the Namefof Jesus. When tho Pastor once told him tho story of tho Ethiopian eunuch who was baptized by St. Philip, and then went joyfully on his way, Subah expressed his desire to bo baptized too, and begged for it more earnestly every day, so tliat good Boccatius, as ho sat with Herr von Haselhorst aud Richardson at tho sick lad's couch, exclaimed one day, " No, I can put it off no longer; I must graut his request." He gave him the necessary instruction to prepare him for Holy Baptism. Herr von Haselhorst and Richardson were sponsors. Subah was taken in a litter to church, aud a reclining chair was placed for him near the Communion Table, in which he listened to tho Sermon, by wliicli he was so deeply moved that the tears ran down his brown cheeks. After the Sermon, the Baptism took place. Witli a cleat voice, Subali renounced the " Devil and all his works," and all sinful lusts of the flesh, llo confessed his faith iu God the Father, God Hie .Son, and God the Holy Ghost, and he promised to live and die iu this faith; and then he was baptized in the name of the Holy Trinity, and received the name of Peter Paul Christopher. After liis Baptism he lived about a quarter of a year longer in Richardson's house; he was taken to church regularly every Sunday, and after proper instruction he received the Holy Communion, and then he calmly and happily fell asleep, trusting in his God and Saviour, and he was buried on "Whit Tuesday, 1GG5.— From the German. 