ONE ROOM TOO MANY. A COLLEGE REMINISCENCE. IT was late on a gloomy October evening when I piloted my .way up the crazy and ill-lighted stair which led to Harry Markham's rooms in the principal quadrangle (or, in college parlance, the "front quad") oí St. Michael's College, Oxford. The clamour of boisterous merriment that struck upon my ear as I ascended, shewed that the revel was already at its height; for this evening Markham's "set" (a somewhat roystering set withal, as sundry gate- fines* and summonses before the college authorities continually testified) were celebrating the arrival of a new Freshman from the North known by reputation to not a few of them-who was expected to prove a valuable acquisition to the college boat, and, by strength of muscle, if not of mind, to enhance the renown of St. Michael's in no small degree. As I entered, the host, with flushed face, and eyes sparkling with mirth . and mischief, was just calling upon the company to " fill their glasses to the health of his esteemed friend, Mr Joseph Talboys, whose thews and sinews Avère a sufficient guarantee of good services to be done by him when the time should again come round for St. Michael's to display her prowess on the river." Amid a general shouting and stamping of feet, and the crash of several glasses (it being a special characteristic of a certain class of undergraduate, when slightly heated with liquor, to smash everything, animate or inanimate, that may come in his way), the toast was drunk ; and the new-comer-a brawny, yellow-haired giant from Cumberland, whose broad, jovial, unmeaning face promised less of the. scholar than his vast shoulders and Herculean limbs did of the athlete-having lumbered out a few incoherent words in reply, the buzz of conversation again became general. " Well, old fellow !" cried Markham, turning to the Cum- brian, "how do you like the idea of sleeping in the haunted room, eh ?", " It's all one to me," answered Talboys, in his deep, heavy, gong-like tones : "it'll be a clever ghost that can wake me, when I'm once fairly asleep." " What about a haunted room ?" interrupted I. " I didn't know Ave had one in college." " Oh, you knoAV that queer old corner-room in the back quad," struck in my right-hand neighbour j «it hasn't been used for ever so long, and of course that's a sufficient reason Avhy it should be set down as haunted." " But Avhat's the story connected Avith it, then ?" asked I. "Oh, just that something happened there somehow, a long time ago," rejoined my informant ; " and so, you see, it came tobe haunted. If you want to know further par- ticulars, your own scout.f old Sam Thorpe, is your man. He's lived in the college till he's just like a part of it himself, and there's not a thing happened this last thirty years,, but what he has it all at his fingers' ends. Ask him about Talboys' room, if you Avant to know all about it." " And meanAvhile, " shouted Harry, draining his tumbler, " here's a good night's rest to Mr Talboys, and may the ghost be as civil to him as he deserves !" "I say, Talboys," cried a rakish-looking man at the farther end of the board, " if the ghost does come, just ask him whether I sholl win the Aylesbury steeple-chase next time, there's a good felloAv." ff And whether I shall get a first in Greats,"} added a languid, foppishly dressed fellow beside him, whose ambi- tious remark called forth a general roar of laughter "Ah! Carrington, my boy!" cried Markham, "I'm afraid 'your first in Greats is beyond the power of even a ghost to secure.-But come, let's have another bowl of punch, and bother take the ghost and all connected Avith him !'' Louder and wilder Avaxed the uproar under the influence of the "second brew;"aud the evening's merry-making ended, aa Oxford Avine-parties occasionally do, in the dis- appearance of more than half the party tinder the table the clamorous dispersion of the rest in every direction except that of their own rooms-an unmerciful smashing of glasses, windows, and eveii furniture-and a number of bad head- aches and official rebukes next morning. The only tAvo Avho escaped unscathed Avere Talboys and myself-the Cumbrian from his iron strength of head, and I from my natural indis- position to drink deeply. We parted at the foot of the Stair ; but as the stalwart Northerner strode across the silent . quadrangle, his huge figure looking shadowy and spectral under the fitful glimmer of the moonlight, .an undefinable impulse prompted me to follow him to the entrance of the back quadrangle, in which lay the room that he Avas tc occupy. The so-called " back quadrangle " of St. Michael's is ir reality a long straggling court, flanked on one side by th( palisade of an adjoining wood- yard, and on the other by the Avail of the college itself, the further end being formed by Í projecting Aving of the building, containing perhaps fifteer *ïho fines officially levied upon those who come in after the hour appointed for shutting the college gates. t The Oxford name for a college servant; the Cambridge term is *' syp" I A first-class in the third or final examination for the degree of B. A. or twenty sets of rooms. As I halted at the end of the dark passage which unites the two quadrangles, a cloud suddenly obscured the moonlight, casting a dim and cheerless gloom over the whole space, which appeared to my excited fancy i like the shadow of the grave advancing to swallow up my reckless companion. So strongly did this idea take hold of my mind for a moment, that I was on the point of shouting to him to stop ; but such childish fantasies had little hold upon the sturdy Northman, who, carolling in a lusty voice a fragment of some song which had taken his fancy during the evening, marched steadily across the open space, and vanished into the deeper shadows beyond. As he disappeared, an overpowering terror, such as I had never before experienced, and of which I can only convey an idea by calling it the terror ol expectation-the foreboding of a horror yet to come seized upon me ; and, like a child suddenly left alone in the dark, I fairly turned round and ran back to my own rooms, as if fleeing from some deadly peril. Afcer such a transgression of my usual habits as the mid- night symposium of the evening before, it is not surprising that I slept long and heavily. The first thing that disturbed me was an unusual tumult in the backquadrangle-a shouting, trampling, running to and fro, and banging of doors and windo W8, such as might have aroused any one whose bedroom, like mine, abutted upon the scene of the disturbance. I sprang to the window and looked out, just as one of the men with whom I had supped the night before came running past. " Hollo ! Sargent," cried I ; " what's all this row about ?" " Haven't you heard ?" he answered, halting for a moment. " Talboys, the new Freshman, has been found in a fit on the floor of his room." " lu a fit? How's that?" " Nobody knows : we can't get a word out of him that any one can understand. I'm off to fetch a doctor ; " and away he ran. As may be imagined, I was not long in dressing after such & réveillé, and had just entered my sitting-room, when my scout, old Sam Thorpe (already introduced to my readers by the conversation quoted above), made his appearance with the breakfast-tray. Sam was a lean, under-sized, hatchet-faced old fellow, with small, deep-set, cunning gray eyes, and a dried-up leathery face trenched with countless wrinkles, giving it the look (as one of his masters quaintly observed) *' of a ruined head haunted with ghost stories." His age was an impenetrable mystery, college traditions unanimously agreeing in representing him as going about in the same snuff- coloured coat, and with the same antiquated appear am e, as far back as the memory of man could extend. He pos- sessed a considerable fund of out-of-the-way knowledge ; * and was a perfect mine of quaint old stories respecting the college and all connected with it, which he narrated with a homely and untaught eloquence that made him well worth listening to, As a rule, Sam was always ready for. a chat ; but on this occasion he see ned in no hurry to begin. At length, having laid the table as solemnly as if he were making preparations for my immediate execution, he hazarded a remark. " Sad business, sir, this of Muster Talboys ! " . " Have you heard how it happened ? " asked I. "I don't know nothing about it, sir, barring that Joe Leggitt, the scout on that staircase, found Muster Talboys a-lying all along on the floor, with a face just like one o' them stone statteys above the hall-door yonder ;f and he can't eve« tell one 'ow it 'appened, poor young gen'leman-only he keeps Bay in' that the devil's in his room, and that he won't stay in it at no price; so the doctor's had him shifted into Muster Archer's rooms, on the next staircase." " Is the doctor with him now, then? " " Yes, sir ; he's there ; but I don't know what he thinks of it all-he won't say nothin'." And old Sam glided away like a ghost. I made a hasty pretencé of breakfast-to eat heartily was altogether beyond my power-and, rushing down-stairs, came face to face with the departing doctor, an old acquaint- ance of mine, who had pulled me very cleverly through a dangerous illness caught during a long-vacation trip to Algeria. " Good-morning, doctor ; what do you think of our patient now ? " " Well, my dear sir, it's rather premature to give any decided opinion yet. The nervous system has received a great shock, unquestionably-a very great shock ; but we shall remove him to lodgings in the town this afternoon, and I hope he may amend by degrees." (As I shall not have occasion to mention Talboys again in the course of my narrative, I may as well notice here, that he returned home as soon as his health permitted him to travel, not reappearing till the following term-to the huge indignation of the authorities, who were ineffably scan- dalised at the occurrence of such an unaccountable catas- trophe within the walls of St. Michael's, an occurrence-as the head of the college aptly defined it-" altogether unpro- vided for by the university statutes. ") " But what do you think was the cause of it, then ; and what makes him talk about the devil^and all that ? " " It's impossible to account for the vagaries of nature, my dèar sir," replied the oracular doctor, who. never, by any chance, gave a plain answer, if he could possibly avoid it. " It's a very curious case, and I intend making a careful study of it, I assure you ; but, in the meantime, it may be just as well to set down the whole thing as the effect of stomachic derangement, brought on, no doubt, by the heavy supper of last night.-Good-morning to you ; I have several other visits to pay." And so saying, the doctor vanished, leaving me plunged in reflections of a very harassing nature. All the efforts which I made to fathom this mysterious catastrophe only sank me into deeper bewilderment. Here was a man, healthy, fearless, unimaginative as man could be, with the nerves of a soldier and the strength of a giant, struck down all in one moment by ar. agency of which ninety-nine men in a hundred would deny the very existence. What was I to think ? Had the supernatural, then, any real basis of fact ? And was it now, after eluding my grasp on the moonlit rocks of Brittany, and besides the grim ruins of the Rhine, in the pathless forests of Finland, and amid the revolting superstitions of the Lower Danube, starting up to confront me in sober England, and, of all places, in the heart of a sceptical university ? In this unpleasant frame of mind, I turned my steps almost unconsciously in the direction ol the back quadrangle, and found old Sam Thorpe flitting around the fatal spot like a raven on a battle-field. " Sam," said I, "shew me Mr. Talboys' room." " Why, sir, Mr. Talboys aint there now ; he's on the next staircase." " Never mind that ; it's the room that I want to see." "But, bless you, sir, what's the good (if you'll excuse my freedom) of lookin' at a room where there's nothin' tc see ? " "That's my business, not yours. You just take m< there at once." Sam, with manifest reluctance, led the way up the mor< distant of the three stairs, and halted before a small door * Sara's cuse, however, is by no means aa exceptional ona. So far as I can judge from personal experience, the majority of college servants are very passably educated. - t The effigies of the founder of the college and hh wife. on opening which I found myself in a rather dingy-look- ing sitting-room, furnished in the usual simple style, open- ing into a bedroom of smaller size, but similar furniture. Except the comfortless aspect characteristic of every room which is suddenly re-occupied after a long term of neglect, there was, as Sam had forewarned me, nothing remarkable about either apartment ; but I had barely had time-to look round me, when my eyes were attracted by an object which riveted them (why, I could not tell), to the exclusion of every other. This was a large rusty iron hook, driven into the ceiling of the sitting-room, apparently for the purpose of suspending a hanging-lamp. It is no exaggeration to say that this hook drew my eyes to it as the magnet dra\Vs the needle; and so thoroughly was I engrossed with this seem- ingly insignificant object, that I failed to notice the exit of my guide, who no sooner saw my attention diverted from him, than he slipped noiselessly out, and closed the door behind him. But the moment I found myself alone, a feel- ing rushed upon me which I despair of expressing. To call it the instinctive consciousness of an invisible presence of evil, or the mixture of terror, disgust, and enthralment with which we look for the first time upon a loathsome reptile or an executed criminal, gives but a faint idea of its over- whelming intensity. I must borrow from the words of an old legend* what my own are powerless to convey : " The young man was left alone ; and hardly did he find himself so, when like a swarm of demons, the recollections of all his sins rushed on his mind, and, like furies armed with fiery scourges, seemed determined to drive him to des- pair. As he combated these horrible recollections, with distracted feelings, but with a resolved mind, he became aware that his arguments were answered by the sophistry of another, and that the dispute was no longer confined to his own thoughts. The Author of Evil was present in the room with him in bodily shape, impressing upon him the desperation of his state, and urging suicide as the readiest mode of putting an end to his sinful career," This is, as it were, the shadow of what I' felt ; but the terrific reality is beyond the power of description. With an effect like that with which one breaks from the oppression of a nightmare, I flung open the door, and rushe I out, meet- ing on the staircase the spectral figure and shrivelled corpse- like visage of old Sam, who surveyed my convulsed features with a grin of ghastly curiosity. " Well, sir, how do you like the room, now you have seen it ?" " Sam," answered I, looking him full in the face, "you know more of this than you pretend. Just tell me all aboutit." " Lawk, sir, how should I know anything ?" faltered Sam, his cadaverous face turning a shade paler than usual. "Doctor says it's summut wrong wi' the gen'leman's stomach ; and he ought to know, surely." " This won't do, my man," answered I, catching him by the arm. " Men are not to be frightened to death like this, and no one be able to tell how. Either you tell me all you know about this room, before you stir, or I'll go straight to the warden, and report you." Sam turned perfectly livid, and shook from head to fx . For a moment he seemed to hold counsel with himself, and then stammered out : "I'll tell you all you want to know, sir, but, for 'eaven's sake, don't make me tell it now. If you'll allow me, I'll come to you at eight this evenin', and give you the whole story." " See that you do, then," said I, turning away ; " for if not-you know what I've promised you." All the rest of the day I was in a perfect fever of con- flicting emotionts. The unusual excitement of the evening before-the extraordinary events of the morning-my own unaccountable sensations in the haunted room, and the equally unaccountable terror of my old, servant, all com- bined to throw me into a condition little better than that of Talboys himself ; and I was in the humour to believe any tale of horror, however improbable, when, just on the stroke of eight, the door opened, and old Sam's weazened face and lean corpse-like figure came gliding in. He seemed, how- ever, in no haste to commence his dismal confidence ; and it needed the repetition of my threat of the morning, and the stimulus of a large glass of brandy, to make him at length proceed as follows : _ " You must know, then, sir, that about forty years ago, not long a'ter I fust cum to be a scout, them rooms o' Mu3ter Talboys' belonged to a gen'leman- commoner (Mus- ter 'Ammersley his name was), what had just come up from somewheres in.the West. A small slight-built man he was to look at, with a smooth white face, just like a woman's, and never a hair upon it, barrin' a little black moustache, as if somebody had done it with a pencil ; and altogether he looked such a dainty Jemmy Jessamy sort o' chap, that some o' our big strap pin' fellows in the college boat turned un. their noses at him a bit, just at fust, and thought he warn't good for nothin'. But he shewed 'em different afore long, for he was just one o' them chaps as seems to be able to do everythin' just as-easy as eat their breakfast. He won thft 'igh jump, and the long jump too, at the college hathlet:c, sports ; and he walked to Woodstock f in an 'our and a 'arf, for a bet o' five pound ; and when he went out ridin' (he w aa 'mazin' fond o' ridin', and kep' a oss o' his own at Tolhtt'sJ), it looked just as if him and his oss was j'iued together, like them Simonese Twins the papers makes sitch a work about. And the fust November a'ter, he cum up, when there wi* sitch a Town and Gown on the Fifth a9 never was (I remember it well, for I was out myself, as any young chap might, to see the fun), he went out and fought as if all th« prize-fighters in Lunnon had been in his skin ; and he picked out the best man o' the town (Bill Dawson, the butcher 'twas, him they used to call " Mutton-fist "-he's dead now)» and giv* him sitch a hidin', that Bill warn't his own man agin for a week. I tell you, sir, it was hawful to see that fight; Muster 'Ammersley minded the licks he got (and hft got some 'órrid uns) no more'n if they was mere flea-bites ; and his eyes glared, and his lips worked, and his teeth gnashed, a's if he was goin' to fly at Butcher Bill's throat and drink his blood. And when I met Bill a while a'ter, and-says to him: 'Bill, my boy, you've met your match at last ! ' says he : « Noa, I hain't ; 'cos why, that feller ain't a man at all-he's got tlie devil's strength and his own too J ' > And somehow that sayin' o' hisn stuck in my head, and wouldn't never go out again. " Of course, when all them things got abroad, our gen'le men changed their tune wonderfully about Muster 'Ammer- sley ; and, little by little, he got to be quite the champion' o' the college. But our dons didn't like him so well at all ; for he was a real wild un, if ever there was one. I don't sav but what young gen'lemen v>ill be a little wild now and then -that's only human natur ; but this Muster 'Ammersley was out-and-out the wildest we ever had-there warn't nothin* on earth he wouldn't do, if once he got it in his 'ead ; and what with drinkinVand fightin', and card-playin', and breakin' of windows, and doin' other things besides, he g< t so into the black list with the warden and the fellows, that at last they fairly began to think o' makin' him take his name off the books * [that is, leave the college]. '«« The worst thing about him was, that he did all them wicked things not in a heat and a hurry, like most of our young gen'lf men. "JU..Barney's Legend of the Astrologer. t Rather over eight miles. i t A noted Oxford stable-keeper. but as cool and . quiet as if he was a-drawin' of a map ; and you could always tell when he was at his wickedest, by his speakin' in a low, soft, sleepy kind o' voice, and strokin' his little black moustache wi' his long white fingers ; and ?when he did that, you might be sure there was some worse devilry than usual comin*. " It was just about this time that summut 'appened which never forgot, and never shall. There cum a letter one mornin' for Muster 'Ammersley, addressed in a lady's'and, in one o' them narrow pink envelopes as young ladies are so fond of; and when I brought it him, he looked at me with the wickedest look I ever see, as if wonderin' how I dared touch it; but all to once he seemed to recollect hisself, and waved his 'and to me to go out, and sat down to read » In about 'arf an 'our I cum in agin to do up the room a bit, and there I seen the letter lyin' open on the table, and him Btarin' straight afore him like a man in a dream ; but the minute he Baw me, his eyes glared like a dog just goin' to spring, and he called out, in a voice that made me shake all over : ' Be off !' And off I went, double-quick ; for when his nlood was up, I'd sooner have angered anythink than him. But a while a'ter that, one o' his grooms cum to Hoxford (for the young gen'leman's father was powerful rich, and kep' a whole drove o' servants), and I met him at Tollitt's, and we went and 'ad some beer together, and I drew him about Muster 'Ammersley, all he knew. And he told me as how the young gen'leman 'ad bin sweet on some young lady as lived near him (as good and as pretty a one as ever Btepped), and how they'd bin engaged to be married ; but when he got into these bad ways o' his, she took back her word, and giv' him up, though it was like pullin' out a bit o' ner own heart to do it (them was Tom's very words, and he had it all from her own maid, what was a sweetheart o' his). Mayhap it 'ud ha' bin better if she 'adn't gin him up, poor young gen'leman! considerin' how it all ended ; but God knows what's best. ""Well, sir, it was about a year a'ter Muster 'Ammersley fust cum up, that an ugly story got abroad about some poor girl in the town (the daughter o' one o' the college tradesmen) what he'd made love to, and then played her false' so that she never held up her head agin. A very bad business it was, if 'arf was true as was said about it ; and our dons they held a Common-room on the job, and settled os how either, Muster 'Ammersley must clear hisself o' havin' any 'and in it, or he must leave' the cellege. Now, it 'appened that the very inornin' o' the Common-room another letter cum for the young gen'leman, and this time it was in a man's 'and ; but as soon as he'd read it, he tore it up and chucked it into the grate. There wasn't no fire lit ('cos o' its bein* summer) ; and so, when he'd gone out, I fell to, to pick up the pieces, and see if I could make anythin' out of 'em. (Mayhap, it warn't a very nice thing to do, but cur'osity's Varsity strong sometimes.) However, it was so torn that there was only one bit I could make head or tial of, and that seemed to be j ust the fag-end o' the letter. This is what was written on it : ' You have disgraced yourself and me, and must abide the consequences. I will give you no help, and only regret being still compelled to sign myself-your father, F. C HAMMERSLEY.' Then I remembered what Tom the groom had said about there being no love lost 'twixt father and son ; and I guessed as how the young gen'leman had got into some hawful scrape, and his guv'nor wouldn't 'elp him out, " Muster 'Ammersley cum in agin towards a'ternoon, and sat like a stone stattey for two or three hours, takin' no heed o' me as I went in and out, and not utterin' a sound, only that once I heerd him mutter : ' I Baid " May the devil take me if I wrong her ; " and now I have wronged her, and he will!1 About nightfall he went out agin, and there were Borne as said a'terwards (for nobody never got at the rights o' the story) that he went to some gen'leman he knew, and lost a lot o' money at cards. Anyhow, 'twixt one and twc in the mornin', as I was a-comin' across the back quad (i'd bin sittin' up with old Higgins the college messenger, what was rayther bad that night), somebody comes through the ? passage from the front quad, and goes by me like a shadow but a "glimmer o' moonlight fell on his face, and I knowed ii in a minute. 'Twas Muster 'Ammersley's face, and yet agir 'twasn't his-but somehow as if he was Head, and the devi1 had entered into his body. Up the stair he went ns if he had wings ; and I, just as if somebody'd told me to do it: follered quietly a'ter him; but afore I could get up, he'd shut and locked his door. I heerd him fidgetin* about inside for a bit, as if lookin' for summut ; and then he seemed tc come out into the middle o' the room, and said, in a voice like nothin' I ever heerd before nor since : ' I curse with m\ last breath this room, and all that is in it, and all who shall come to it a'ter me ; and I give it over to the power of the devil, unto whom I go ; and may his presence, and mine and that of all things evil, possess it henceforth for ever anc ever !' "You wonldn't believe me, sir, if I was to tell yoi what a turn them words giv' me. I tried to call for help, bu my tongue seemed to stiffen in my mouth, and everythin' wen round with me as if I'd been drunk ; and the next thing ] remember is findin' myself lyin' at the foot o' the stair, witl the mornin' light just comin' in the sky, and Jem Bank (him as was scout on the next staircase then) stoopin' ove me. i ." Why, Thorpe,' says he, ''ave you bin on the spree that you lie rollin' here this way ? ' ^ ; "'Jem,' says I, 'for 'eaven's sake, cum up quick*ti Muster 'Ammersley's rooms ; I'm afeard there's summe wrong ! ' Well, sir, up we went together ; but it was toe late : he'd hung hisself to that 'ere big hook in the middl o', the ceilin', and them words I heerd was his last. What' more, sir, it's 'appened somehow that them rooms have neve bin lived in since then, till Muster Talboys took'em yester day ; and you see what he's got by it ! " The old man ceased, and looked inquiringly at rae ; bu it was in vain that I attempted to answer him. Strong ai my nerves are (and I may say, without boasting,, that the; have seldom failed me in time of need), 1 could not repres à shudder-fresh as I was from the dismal atmosphere o the fatal chamber-at the thought of the scene which it hai once witnessed. There rose up before me, like a nightmare the imaare of that desperate self-destroyer in his lonely room A cold sickness came over me, and I bowed my head upoi the t^ble at which I sat, when I looked up again, my com panioii had stolen silently away. 