MISS ANG-EL. Br Miss Thackeray. ("Published by special arrangement with the Author.] Chapter XYI.—Through Winter-time to Spring. While Antonio was walking home through the black midnight streets ; while Mr. Reynolds was sitting in his own studio composing an article for the " Rambler" (the studio was still haunted by some paling ghost of Miss Angel); while the painter had quietly made up his mind to abandon the siege of the difficult for tress he had incautiously attacked, the fortress itself was secretly preparing to surrender, for it was built upon the sandy ■ foundation of impulse, of youthful ardent imagination. With all her faults, as I have said, Angelica was a genuine woman, incapable of deceiving any one, unless, indeed, she herself were deceived ; and whatever she might realise now, she had at the time truly felt that gratified vanity was no return for true feeling. Misunderstand ings are far more difficult things than people imagine in love or in friendship. Some instinct protects travellers in that strange country where all is instinct, and if they disagree, it is that from some secret reason they do not belong to each other, for quarrels are nothing to those who are united in sympathy. If Mr. Reynolds spoke to her again, would she give him a different answer ? Perhaps I might graciously be pleased to allow that I was les3 indifferent than I had once appeared to be, she thought, and she tossed back her curl and opened wide her eyes, and discovered it was nearly 1 o'clock, and time for bed. Antonio came next morning before Angel was up. He was used to workmen, and to hurrying their reluctant hammers i and whitening pails. He took it upon himself to dismiss two or three on the spot, feeling sure that Angelica's little store would be soon expended if she gave orders on the same scale as Lady W.. who had sent in this army in all kindness and inexperience. Zucchi himself acted as chief artificer and foreman ; the men seeing him take his place so naturally, imagined that he was the owner of the house, and obeyed his orders. "When Mis3 Angel appeared in her wrapping gown and cap, she found that Antonio had accomplished wonders in a hard morning's work, that everything was in order in the studio. The Princess, fol lowed by the whole Court, might come when she would. "I hope you forgive me for interfering, said Zucchi; "you must remember how quickly money goes in this country, and that one man's day here costs three times as much as with us." "The days are much shorter and blacker here than with us," said Angelica. " They ought to be cheap enough. How good of you, Tonio, to come to my help ; what shall you want for your work ? See here," she said, running into her room and coming out again with Lady Diana's pocketboock, "I have saved £80, and Lady Diana has lent me £3 00 for my rent, I am to get £15 for three fans 1 am painting to-morrow." " Do you mean that this is all you have to reckon on ?" cried Zucchi. "I thought those rich had loaded you with their miserable favors. Is this their dole in return for what you have done for them ? You will be starving in a month or two, if you go on at this rate, my poor child. Where is your father, that old mummy ? Why does he not come to take care of you P" he said, very much agitated. Antonio, brought up in the severe order of poverty, had an exaggerated horror of want and of debt, as he had of Angelica's incapacity. Angelica was per fectly justified, under the circumstances, in doing as she had done ; but it is certain that Antonio's cranky anxieties saved her money, labor, and many a consequent worrv iust at this time. He used to come for an hour in the morning and for an hour in the evening. Angelica was not always there ; but on her return she was sure to find some trace of his presence, and of the industry of the trembling hands. From the very first so many people came to Angelica's studio that his presence was little remarked upon. The Lord Essex of those days was her great friend and patron, so was Lord Henry Belmore, not to be rebuffed, and Lord W. would also hurry in and out occasionally ; Mr. Fuseli came many times, Mr. Boydell and his brother, the artistic alderman, were entirely capti vated with the young artist, and so, indeed, were many others too numerous to mention. All that winter the little house had been alive with voices, and footsteps, and greetings, and exclamations of wonder and admiration from friends, lovers, patrons, and admirers of both sexes. In the engrossment of settling down, of feel ing her own success and importance, Angelica thought less of Mr. Reynolds than she did later, when the first excite ment of this new way of living had some what palled upon her. Who could have imagined that this cold foggy life was to be so full of vibrating emotion and of romance P Rome, with all her wonders, had contained far more commonplace experiences than this black and vapor haunted city. Lady Diana came often at first, then more rarely, for she looked on with doubtful approbation at Miss Angel's experiences. Lady W. also came. She seemed to have forgiven Angelica. Angel, standing in the deep windows of her studio, could see her torches flaring up the street as the lady travelled homewards in her chair ; as the lights would disap pear into the fog Angel would ask herself if she was indeed the little girl of a year ago, -who had stood eating grapes and looking over the Rialto. The remem brance pf it sometimes came over her so vividly that she seemed to breathe the air, to hear the voices, the sound of the feet trailing upon the bridge. Zucchi's voice did not jar upon these recollections, although he sent them flying. All that winter Angelica was too busy, too engrossed to look back often; the present was all in all. She rarely met Mr. Reynolds, but when Bhe , did come across him he seemed to avoid her, she thought, and just at this time she was content that it should be so, and glad of the postponement. That all would come ' right she never questioned; of her power to call anybody to her feet she scarcely doubted. " I can look_at_ people, she once told Antonio, half in jest, and hall in earnest, " and make them tern pale and do anything I wish; but 1 don t, Antonio. I could make you much kinder if I tried. But I am used to your scold mSntonio left the room, banging the] So time, and sitters, and days passed I by in turn, the house in Golden-square prospered and flourished, and Angelica was delighted with her own triumphs and successes, and the time drew near for old | Sauffmann's arrival. i The Princess of Brunswick had given | so flattering an account of the young painter that the Princess of Wales, the mother of the king, sent a message to say that she was coming to Visit Angelica m her studio. " Such an honor was never paid to any other painter," writes Ange lica to her transported old father. He read the letter to his sister, the farmer s widow, to the dairy maid, to the cure after mass, to the goatherd, to the very goats upon the mountain _ slope. The whole valley participated in the Kauff mann's distant honors and glories. They urced him to lose no time, to start on immediately to the golden scene of his daughter's triumph. In London, that great city, the applause, says Rossi, « was universal. The public papers con tained verses in different languages written ] in her praise." , It required no little courage and dogged opposition on Antonio's part .to continue his svstem of detraction and plain-speak in", as he called it. One can never account | for the curious phases of people s mmd. To him Angelica was an inadequate | genius; but a more complete woman, perhaps, than any other he had ever known: more complete in her feminine power than all the six Miss Stars at Windsor put together, than the Prin cess of Brunswick in her velvet mantles ; than' Lady W. 'with all her beauty, her gentle affectations, and cultivated | vapors. . . ,, Sometimes Antonio coming in would And the youug painter sitting surrounded by a circle of admirers. Not unfrequently she would he talking nonsense n a high, ecstatic voice. " Yes !" she wpuld say, will confess to you all that it has been a something beyond me that has ever driven me onward through life, seeking for the most beautiful and ideal representation of the truth. That is why I try to give some deep, allegorical meaning to all that t depict. If I have painted this picture of my friend Mary Moser as c Prudence sacrificing to Duty and Enchaining the wings of Cupid,' it is because I have felt that in the most commonplace form and feature (here there was a little suppressed titter in the circle which Angel did not notice—Mr. Fuseli alone frowned and looked annoyed) there is often a moral, a ] sua«estionfar beyond thepassing moment, and to that we must cling if we would not utterly weary and sicken of the dull disappointments and realities of life. She started up as she spoke, a slim pro phetes3 in a white falling dress, pointing j to the picture she had just completed. Some classical reces3 in the wall just be hind mad© an arch above her head. It was an April evening; the window was open ; the dusk was creeping m. A great vase of spring flowers stood on a table by | her side. " I do not comprehend," said Antonio, in his slow English, "why an allegory should be of more value to the world than a truth. I should have imagined^ until I nowthat a good likeness, carefullypainted, is what one wishes for, in remembrance of a friend, not a classical allusion to some thing else which does not concern any body in particular." ; Miss Angel blushed up. Some secret conscience warned her that she had been I making a display, but why was Antonio to lecture her in public? She said nothing, but she showed by her manner that she ] was displeased. ContradictionfromZucchialwaysroused. | the secret gipsy hi Agelica's character. True friends are sorts of magnifying glasses. Antonio was a true friend, ana saw her perhaps. as she really was, with some slight exaggeration. For Antonio alone, perhaps, she was but herself—no wonder, such a3 all these people would have declared her to he, no mighty mistress of her art, hut a sweet and impulsive-hearted girl whose arch bright looks, half saucy, half appealing, ! went straight to his heart, whose constant self-denying work and application he .knew how to appreciate. Perhaps she ( pursued her way too triumphantly ; per I haps if her pictures had cost her more, i they might have been better worth the ! sweet lifetime she had given to them, the hours of youth, of gaiety, and natural 1 amusement and interest sacrificed to these ! smiling ladies vaguely waving their arms or reclining upon impossible banks. He praised her coloring, and Angel's cheeks would burn in answer. Her sentiment was charming, but her drawing was absurd, and he did not scruple to tell her so. 