iHterellanemts (gleanings C front the Papers.) The ' Rock,' (London), states that during the last twenty-four years, monastries in this'country have increased from 17 to 93, and convents from 53 to 474. The ringleaders of the riot at the Cape of ooqa ; nope aiamona-neias nave oeen arrestee and bailed at 2000 each. The British ship Stuart Hahneman was cap sized in a squall off the Cape of Good Hope only nine of the crew were saved. They en dured severe privations for thirteen days, living on a monkey, a bird, and a little water. A large new building near the Granville Dock, Dover, in the upper - story of which were about 700 tons of cotton seed, suddenly fell with a terrible crash into the street, opposite the Lon don, Chatham, and- Dover station. The frag ments were thrown with great force a consider able distance, but fortunately, although there were a great many people in the vicinity, no one received the least injury. The accident seems to have arisen from overweighting the, building before the work was seasoned, the store having been built during the winter. The ' Choya Shimbun ' contains the inform ation of a disasterous inundation which occurred at Miyeken on 15th June. Every river over flowed its banks. The water of the Ghikugog- awa rose immensely— in some places to a height of twenty feet, and in many other places to fifteen feet above the average level. T wo hundred and sixty villages have been destroyed by the inun dation, and 9900 cho of cultivated land have been deluged, and the crops thereon completely destroyed. The ' Independance Beige ' gives some curious statistics relative to the consumption of wood in France. A large quantity of soft wood is used for making toys, and to give an idea of the magnitude of this trade it will be sufficient to take one article alone, children's drums, of which in Paris alone . 200,000 are sold every month. 'The total number made annually in France is estimated at 30, 000, '000, while a con siderable quantity of wood must be consumed to supply 60,000,000 of drumsticks: An account of the capture of a notorious con vict is given by the ' South Australian Register ' of July. 30th Sergeant Bentley arrested on Wednesday, the 28th instant, James Hurley, a notorious, escaped prisoner. He had an ad venturous career in crime, and for a long time evaded the police of West Australia by shifting, often . under .various disguises, from one to another part of that colony. On June 26th he escaped from. Rockingham, 25 miles Jrom Perth, as a stowaway on board the barque Armistice, bound to Wallaroo with timber, and arrived on July 13th. The offender is one «f the great Cornhill burglars, and having been convicted of burglary and several other offences on April ioth, 1865, at a Criminal Court in Lon don, was sentenced to ten years' penal servitude. He was sent out in r866 to West Australia in the convict ship Corona, and was liberated at Perth on ticket-of-le'ave in May, 1872. In May, 1874, he was the ringleader of a band of burglars, some of whom were .sentenced to seven years', and Hurley was ordered to have, three years' penal servitude. In 1874, he again received a ticket-of-leave, but -it was revoked, as he was convicted of being found, on the premises of a Perth citizen with some . felonious intent. He was brought to Adelaide by the Wallaroo mail coach on' Thursday, and will be taken before Mr. Beddome to-day, at the City Police Court. The prisoner is 5 feet 8 inches in height, 45 years of age, and has a determined-looking caste of countenance. The man's apprehension is due to the prompt action of Inspector Peterswald, who caused him to be arrested as soon as inform ation of his whereabouts was received. He was working near Kadina when captured. The following story is related by the Ballarat correspondent of the ' Pleasant Creek News ' : — " About eighteen months ago a resident of this district, who boasted, and, I believe, truth fully, of the fact of the blue blood of an old family coursing through his veins, married, and left to settle elsewhere. At the time the cere mony was performed the gentleman in question attracted just that small amount of notice usually, accorded by the world to one who can some times afford threepenny worth of beer . for his. Sunday's dinner, but more frequently cannot. However, a few friends.Idid assemble together, and wish all happiness to the newly-wedded pair, who shortly slipped away from us uriper- ceived, and not missed. When I state the wife (a stranger hereabouts) was as poor and unknown as the man she knelt beside at the altar, I shall have said all that need be said concerning a marriage of which few were aware, and about which as many cared. Hard work in another colony was to the couple the only reward that seemed likely to mark the fulfilment of a long and affectionate engagement. Neither had to their knowledge kith or kin on the face of the earth, so placed strong reliance in each other when they plighted their troth. Now mark what the whirligig of time brought about. In April last the husband was ' wanted,' not by the police, but by a firm of solicitors, who then placed him in possession of some riverside pro perty in London, the rent-roll of which means a little over 13,000 annually. He had kin, but so far removed as to be quite unknown, to him. The mail which reached last told of further favours in store for the fortunate couple. The wife had succeeded, not to a title, but to what is better, 34,000, bequeathed to her by a natural brother, of whose existence she was doubtful, and of whose whereabouts and (as events have proved) riches she had not the ghost of an idea. Father O'Malley of Melbourne, has preached a sermon on the O'Connell centenary, full of hatred of England. The Rev. Dr. Ingram of the Free Church of Unst, Shetland, has recently entered on his hundredth year, and the seventy-fourth of his ministry. Beyond deafness, the reverend gentle man is in good health, and retains the powerful voice of his earlier days. He is said to be the oldest minister in the world. Mr. Bell, of Queensland, wishes women to have equal privileges with men in' marriage con tracts : and expressed his hope that ' the time would shortly arrive when women could person ally advocate their rights in Parliament. Five shocks of earthquake were felt in one day at Melbourne recently. The ' Pastoral Times ' says Mort's meat freezing process is now nearly perfected. Up wards of j£ioojCOo have been spent thereon. Three Chicago girls are opening a barber's shop in that city. One is to do the lathering — another the shaving, while a third (a beautiful blonds) is to sit on a sort of throne, and play on the harp and sing. The outfit of the establish ment, it is said, will cost 240a dollars. At one of the ragged schools in Ireland, a clergyman asked the question, " What is holi ness ? " A pupil in dirty, tattered rags, jumped tip and said ; "Plaze yer reverence, it is to be clane inside." Mr. Muller, of Bristol, England, who carries on his great work relying wholly upon voluntary contributions, has closed his financial year with marked prosperity. He has received in it, from all sources, 50,000. He has six public institu tions, complete in all their parts, which for size and convenience, would compare favourably with any similar buildings. Each of the six establsh- ments is perfect in itself. Each one was com pleted, paid for, and occupied before another was begun. Mr. Muller has been forty years in his field of rescuing and educating orphan child ren. Since 1839, when he gathered his six children. into a small, cottage in Bristol, till the present hour, he has received as voluntary offer ings and expended, over 750,000. Melbourne telegram in the ' S. M. Herald ' reports — A terrible double riiurder was com mitted at Frankstown on Saturday. An elderly man, named Howard, landlord of the Morning- ton Hotel, at Schnapper Point, had a quarrel with a woman named Elizabeth Wright, an hotel-keeper at Frankstown, with whom he was intimate, and owing to a disagreement and the jealousy of a barman named Harman, he watched his opportunity of finding the two together, and, with a large butcher's knife, stabbed Elizabeth Wright four times through the heart. She died instantly. Then meeting Harman, he stabbed him also in the heart, and he died directly. Howard then remained in the most nonchalant manner by Wright's body, where he was found by the police, three hours afterwards, when he exhibited the utmost . coolness, merely saying : that he was not to be insulted with impunity. In continuation of the evangelistic work com menced by Messrs. Moody and Sankey (says the 'Pall Mall Gazette' for May 21st), special services have been held in .Victoria Hall, Liver pool, daily, since the departure of these gentle men at the beginning of March. At that time the expenses of erecting and maintaining the large wooden structure in Victoria- street were Nabout met by the receipts ; but since the depart ture of Messrs. Moody and Sankey the public interest has fallen off to such an extent that the progress of the revivals, however satisfactory in a spiritual sense, has been attended by a large pecuniary loss. The committee announce that the services cost about 500 per month, and that a sum of 2000 is required to meet the ex penses to the end of the present month. Fresh and more serious charges are to be brought against Bentley and Hughes, late of the Bank of New South Wales at Beechworth, Victoria. 