BTOSCESA3T SYNOD. • TbeancualseBsionof tbeSvnodof the Anglican I Cbwrch in tfhe-Diocese of Adelaide was opened at St Pact's Church, Ade.xide, on Tuesday morning, April 27, at half'past 11'o'clock. The surpHced choir, consisting partly of clergy, proceeded up the sxain aisle of the church, followed by taa Revs. "Canon Coombs, tc.e Ven. Archdeacon Marryat., M.A., the -Very Rev. Dean Russell, and His'Lordship the Bishop, who was preceded by the Rev. C. G. Taplin, bearing the pastoral staff. The'body of the church was occupied by a large number of'the clergy in gowns and i Salty attending Synod, and there was also present a moderate general congregation. •Hymn 320, 'from the A- and H. Hymnal, having been - sung, ' the Communion office followed, the 'Bishop officiating, -assisted by the, Dean. Bynm 848 was also sung. Twenty of the clergy and 14 laymen partook of the -sacrament. Bis Lordship, sitting at the entrance to the chancel in his episcopal chair, then •delivered his Pastoral Charge. -It will be found in :full in to-day's Register and. Saturday's- •Observer. • BUSINESS MEETING. The meeting for the transaction of business took place in the Church Office, the Lord Bishop presiding. ATTENDANCE. The roll' having been made up was found to be composed as follows:— Holy 'Trinity, Adelaide—'•Rev. Richardson Reid, Messrs. H. D. Holmes and J. S. Sanders. 'Christchurch, 'North Adelaide—Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, M.A., Mr. F. Wicksteed, Hon. A.- Blytb, and'Mr. 'James Bath. -fit. Luke's, Adelaide—Rev. J. Pollitt, Messrs. E. Cooke,' V. Lawrance, S. R. Fox, and J. H. Cunningham. St. Paul's, Adelaide—The Very Rev. Dean Russell, Hon. John Cox Bray, and Mr. W. J. Fullarton. St Paul's, Port -Adelaide—Rev. S. Green, Messrs.-H. : Duncan aud. T. J. King. -St. John's, Adelaide—Rev. F. S. Poole, B. A., and Mr. A. M. Wilson. St. Bartholomew's, Norwood—Rev. W. B. Andrews, Messrs. J. fi. Moulden and A. Spence, All Saints', Hindmarsh, and 8t. Margaret's, Woodville—Rev. H.M. Pollitt and Mr. Benjamin Taylor. St. Andrew's, WalkerviUe—Messrs. C. B. Young and F. Halcomb. St. Matthew's-Kensington—Rev. E. Jenkins, Messrs. E. W. Meredith and J. -Howell. ^St. George's, v Woodforde—'Rev. A. Honner, Mr. H. D. Cruttenden. St. Michael's, Mitcham—Rev. Henry Read, M.A., Messrs. N; Oldham and J. W. Lewis. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Rev. W. H. MudiG, Mesas. G. W. Hawkesand J. H. Wiles. St. Mary's, South-road, and Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill—Rev J. L. Smith, B.A., Messrs. B. B. Babbage and-T. J. S. O'Halloran. St. Peter's, Glenelg—ttev. Thomas Field, M.A., Messrs.-£. M. DeMole and J. N. Taylor. St. Stephen's, Willunga, and St. Philip and St. James's,<-Nearlunga—Rev. E. £. Miller. St. James's, Blakiston; Christchurch, Mount Barker; and St. Thomas's, Balhannah—Rev. J. -W. Gower,-Messrs. John Forster and O. Weld St. George's, Gawler—Rev. Canon Coombs, Messrs. W. H. Lewis and T. O. Jones. •Christchurch,-Kapunda—Mr. W. Barlow. St. Mary's, Koeringa — Rev. H. Howitt, Messrs. M. MacDermott and A. Barker. St. Jude's, Port Elliot—Rev. E. T. Howell, M.A. -St. John's, Mount Pleasant — Mr. W. S. Moore. Christchurch, Gambierfcon—Rev. J. F. Hooter. •St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln—Messrs. A. J. "Toiley. and fi. Josling. Christchurch, Yankalilla—Rev. C. W. Morse, B.A., Mr. E. Lovelock. All Saints', Moonta—Rev. C. G. Taplin, Messrs G. W. Sillifant and Thomas Evans. Holy Trinity, Riverton—Rev. J. Houghton. St. James's, Glenburn—Mr. James Lord. Itnaanuel, Clinkford—Mr. G. W. Byerlee. St. Michael's Busgaree, and St. Barnabas', Clare—Rev. J. A. Boake, B.A. St. John's, Auburn—Rev. C. W. Hawkins, Mr. J. W. Castine. St. Mary's, -Wallaroo—Mr. J. B. Shepherdson. St. Martin's, Campbelltovrn—Mr. H. E. Downer. Holy Evangelists', Goolwa—Mr. G. E. DeMole. St. Jude's, Brighton—Messrs. H. Button and S. C. Pearson. Holy Trinity, Lyndoch—Rev. R. B. Webb, M.A., Mr. John Sandland. The following Churches are not on the roll, but are included in this list to give status to the clergy-men :—St. Peter's Collegiate School—Rev. Canon Farr, M.A., Rev. F. Williams, M.A., Rev. W. Bey Sharp, M.A.; St. Mary's Penola— Kev. W. JF. Marshall; St. Clement's Enfield— Rev. J. -C. Haynes; St. Matthew's, Poonindie— Rev. R. W. Holden; Holy Trinity, Melro.-e— Rev. H. Williams; Bishop's Chaplains—Revs. T, E. Ash, B.A., and H. J. Poole. APPOINTMENTS. The Rev. T. L. Field was appointed Reporter, the Rev. S. Green Clerical Secretary, and Mr. G. W. Hawkes Lay Secretary. ELECTION COMMITTEE. The following members were appointed the Election Committee.:—The Very Rev. Dean Russell, the 'Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, Messrs. H. E. Downer, C. B. Young, and G. W. Hawkes. REPORT ON THE DIOCESE. Bis LORDSHIP read the following:— " IB reviewing the occurrences of the past year they present the usual chequered character of life. It has been one of much anxious thought and labour, partly caused by the social changes through the operation of the land laws; and partly by the unsettling of Cures, t&rough; the departure, absence, illness, or -death of some of the clergy. The '-care of all the Churches' has entailed mush personal labour, correspondence, and solicitude to maintain services of vacant cures as well as furnish some— 1 though inadequate—supply of missionary visits to the settlers in the agricultural areas and townships. I proceed to give a brief summary of the more prominent events :— " Material Progress.—St. Alban's, Port Wake field; All Saints, Moonta; and St. John's, Maitland, have been opened for Divine service; St. Paul s, Port Adelaide, improved and renovated; and St. Bartholomew's has been ceiled, and 63 sittings added, at an expense of over £300. The parsonages at Kensington, Yankalilla, and Port Elliot have been added to, and rendered more commodious; one has been built at Auburn. The cathedral is advancing gradually towards completion, but in order to render it fit for service flooring and seats are required. A special offertory from each Church in the diocese would help materially towards supplying these requisites. The architectural beauty of Mr. Butterfield's design is now generally admitted, and the site sets off the building to the greatest advantage; backed as it is by the gezitle wooded slope of North Adelaide, conspicuous on the approach to Adelaide from the Northern and Western railroads, connecting North and Soutk Adelaide in the line of King Williamstreet, and visible from every part of the Plain of Adelaide. It also forms an object of beauty from the Botanic Park and Gardens. Whenever finished (with its fagade and towers, the build ing, from, its style and height, will be the great ornament of the city. It is to be hoped that not many jears will pass before efforts will be made by the public at large to complete the edifice. Amid the turmoil of business life many a spirit, it is hoped, may find repose and comfort within its walls at its daily services. "Clergy.—Passing from the material to the personal constituents of the Church, we have to lament with chastened sorrow the death of the Rev. W. Clajfield. Ho was taken to his rest last September, leafving a large district and numerous lovina: souls to lament their bereavement. 'Though dead he yet speaketh'to those iwhoiaiewhim to liveas purely and love as tenderly as he -did. The Rev. L. Stanton received leave of absence, and has since resigned the charge of Eoonnga. The Rev. W. Scott withdrew from the Diocese. These gaps in the ranks of the licensed jcinistry caused the absence of the R9v. G. Dove .to be felt more severely, but during his stay in England he did much to plead the eaus; of this Diocese and interest many in its behalf, He was able to confer with several clergy, to select the Rev. E. T. Ash, of St. John's College, Cambridge, as Mission Chaplain, and, I trust, to induce two or more to take service also in the Diocese. Several, indeed, are wanted, but they must be men cf faith, piety, and energy. Ncae others can encounter and overcome the difficulties of colonial missionary clerical life. •'?,c&nt; Cures,—At the present time t'ae Tahtoga Mission, with M«unt Pleasant, Mount Torrsas, and Woodside Churches; the Strataa'byn, including Lasghorne's Creak aud Wellington; the Meadows, Eahunga, ani Macclesfield ; Port Augusta, and shortly also, St. Mary's, with Christ Church, O'Halloran Bill, and Brighton, =are without incumbent mictsters. "Missionary Clergy.—The shifting of the agricultural population -to the new Areas has necessitated a modification of the parochial incumbency system. The congregations lessened in number of attendants have been unable to keep up the stipends of their ministers to a sufficient amount. The clergy in some instances were compelled to accept new charges. It was impo-sible, however, to leave the older rural Churches without pastoral care while new townships springing up in the Areas have called loudly for the supply of clerical ministrations. This ia a stata of tbmgs likely to continue for some years while the settlement of the Areas is going on. Two courses only are open to the Church in this emergency—(1), to ordain a lower grade of clergy less educated and of a lower social standard; (2), or to call on serious-minded educated laymen as part of the ' royal priesthood' of the Christian Church to conduct services as lay readers. To persons so disposed our Liturgy, with its selected fioripture lessons, affords an immense help. Our Church Hymn-Book and a volume of plain sound sermons will enable a congregation, though without an Incumbent, to sanctify the Lord's day. Combined with a system of pastoral visits from a District Missionary Clergyman, who shall administer the Sacraments, and visit from house to house, the population of the Areas may be retained in Christian habits of worship until the growth of the township shall enable a parochial ministry to be planted in the centres of the population. TMB system was commenced, on the death of the Rev. W. Clayfield, at Mcint Pleasant, Mount Torrens, and Woodside. The removal of the Rev. F. S. -Poole from Strathalbyn to St. John's, Adelaide, extended it to Stralhalbyn and •Langhorne's Creek. The Rav. E. T. Howell inaugurated it suoeesfully in the Broughton Areas. By the settlement of the Rev. Hartley Williams at Melrose, the townships of Laura, Jamestown, Gladstone, Georgetown, and Port Pirie will recaite regular visitation at .fixed periods, -and the.services I trust will be carried on during the interval by approved lay readers. At present the Talunga Mission is -visited by the Rural Dean Canoa Coombs, the Strathalbyn by the Rev. H. M. Pollitt. „ " Station Missions.—The return of the Rev. Canon Dove has enabled me to reorganize the Northern Mission. His well-known missionary work from Melrose to the Blinman, combined with his having refused choice preferment in England in order to continue his work amongst us, called for some recognition at my hands. I accordingly collated him to the Archdeaconry of Flinders, formerly so 'worthily filled by the late Archdeacon Twopeny. The stations formerly visited by Mr. Dove have gladly contributed to meet the mission expenses. On the North-East the Rev. H. Howitt has acceptably organized a partial missionary visitation, which he carried on until from the ravages of locusts and the dryness of the season travelling became impossible from want of "horsefeed. "Port Augusta.—I have been much disap- pointed in not ha'sing bean able to obtain a suitable resident clergyman for this important place. Meantime occasional visits have been paid to it by various clergymen, and on the arriTal of the Rev. E. T. Ash I was careful to send him thither on a visit, and to provide the populous mining township of Moonta witn additional services. A resident minister should be settled at each as soon as possible. Much credit is due to Rev. C. G. Tapiin for his ministerial services at Moonta. "Supply of Clergy.—From the above details it is evident that more missionary clergy are needed. I am in hopes that Mr. Dove's arrange^ ments made with three clergymen, in addition to Mr. Ash, will not fall through. Their passagemoney has been provided through the liberal jjtants of the Church of England Endowment Scciety. I must not omit to state that two visits nave been Daid by the Rev. Charles Morse during i he last twelvemonth to Kangaroo Island. At Kicgseote and American River he officiated, and administered the sacraments. He reports a favourable progress and improvement among the children and elder population during the five <<>ars in which he has visited the island. The mailboat passage across Backstairs f-'afsage is often rough, and sometimes perilous. Mr. Morse had arranged on two occasions to visit Edittburgh and Lower Yorke's Peninsula. On both unexpected hindrances arote which presented him from accomplishing the visit. The west coast was visited last year by the Rev. W. Holden, of Poonindie, and it is heped that the Rev. Canoa Farr will oe able to repeat his journey to Streaky Bay during the present year. The South-Eastern District has undergone considerable changes, tending, as in other parts, to shift the population. Lacepede Bay and the railroad to Narracoorte have half emptied Robe Town. The drainage works have gathered a considerable population on Mount Muirhead Flats; and the township of Millicent is growing into a busy place. A railroad is projected from Mount Gambier to Rivoli Bay. AU additional clergyman should be stationed in this district. The Rev. F. Hoeter finds full occupation in Gambierton and its neighbourhood, while Mr. Marshall is over-worked with the charge of Narracoorte, Penola, Robe Town, and Lacepede Bay. " Training of Clergy.—The increasing demand for clergy in England through the division of parishes, the building of new churches, the multiplication of services, the extension of missionary labour among the heathen possessions of Great Britain, the ampler provision also made for the payment both of curates and incumbents, have rendered it more difficult than ever to procure from home a sufficient supply of thoroughly-educated clergy and University men. Those of a different stamp are not acceptable in an active-minded, intelligent, earnest population like ours. Inferior men are not wanted; superior men can with difficulty be got from England. We must, therefore, endeavour to educate ministers ourselves. "Theological Students.—In order to encourage serious young men to fit themselves for the ministry various plans have been devised. It is a part of the foundation of St. Peter's Collegiate School, in return for the grant of £2,500 made by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, that rooms should be provided for four theological students. To help them in their education between 20 and 23, the age for the Diaconate, a pension of £50 per annum has been provided for three, who shail be approved by the Bishop. The first condition required is. that they should have passed the local Institute examination or the matriculation examination for the Melbourne University, or the examination for the Civil Service in England. Messrs. Spicer and Bussell have fulfilled their conditions, and are actual pensioners, receiving £50 per annum. Mr. Spicer is studying at the University of Melbourne. '' XheologicalTutor.—Tn view of trainingyoung men in theology, as candidates for Holy Orders, I applied to the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge to aid in the endowment of such a tutoiship in connection with the Cathedral. By last mail I received the gratifying intelligence that a grant of £500 had Ijeen made on condition that a like sum was raised in the colony. The Church Endowment Society and the Attorneys of the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel have generously assisted me in this project, the former by a vote of £300, and the latter by one of £200. Bv the outgoing mail I was able to announce"to the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge Board the fulfilment of the condition. There will then be invested during the present year £1,000 for the stipend of a Theological Tutor to be appointed by the Bishop. So far then as human means are concerned in the prospect of procuring from time to time young men as ministers for the service out Church is by no means hopeless. Let us, however, never forget that it is not ours to inspire the necesr-ary longing for the spiritual work. 'The harvest is plenteous; the labourers are few.' Bow is this deficiency to be supplied? ' Piay ye therefore the Lord of the harvest that He will thrust forth labourers into the harvest.' Then only can we hope for theological students or ministers 'fall of faith and the Holy Ghost.' ''It will be seen, then, from the foregoing fusnirary that the labours, anxiety, cares, a,nd exertions to keep the machinery of the Church at work, though with diminished numbers and increasing demands, have not been altogether unsuccessful, though far below the standard of true efficiency. There is, however, one point which I view with peculiar gratification, and which will be satisfactory to the clergy, as it ia full of hope for the true growth of the Church. The number of candidates confirmed from 31st March, 1874, to 1st April, 1873, was 456. I administered the rite in 26 churches, the more distant being Clare, KooriBga, Port Lincoln, Goolwa, Moonta, Glenburn. The total number exceeds the average of the last three years by 125\. I have also the satisfaction of stating that the reverent demeanour of the young people and their voluntary attendance at the Lord's table afterwards convinced me of the anxious and prayerful instruction which they had received at the hands of their respective clergymen. " In the history of the Church of England in this colony during my episcopate of nearly 28 years I have often been reminded of that passige in the Prophet Zechariah, ch. v, "That the li«ht shall not be clear nor dark—not day nor night— but it shall come to pass that at evening tide it shall be light" (Zsch. xiv. 6, 7). Light enough to.cheer with hope, dark enough to demihd watchfulness unto prayer with'labour and perseverance. " 'Every plant which my Father hath not planted shall be rooted up' is the irreversible doom of the unfruitful fig-tree. We have bseu spared hitherto; may the Dresser of the Vineyard dig about and prune our Church that it may bring forth more fruit. So shail it bo to the praise of His grace and the saving of many souls. In the meantime I am looking forward to that day when we may Iring forth the top-stone of our Cathedral 'with shoutings;' but the building up of the spiritual Temple should be ever tbe first subject of bur thoughts, and to build in lively stones into that edifice which is spiritually founded on the Apostles and Piophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief co'ner-stone." The Very Rev. Pean RUSSEL moved :— 1 "That the thanks of the Synod are due to His Lordship the Bishop for his valuable Pastoral Address and Report, which, with the Statistical Returns, when oomplete, be printed in the Report." He referred in terms of gratification to the nature ot the Address, which was particularly appropriate to the times. The motion was seconded by Mr. G. W. HAWKES, and carried unanimously. BEPOBT OF STANDING COMMITTEE. '* The Committee considered it desirable that a maximum rate of £15 and a minimum of £1 5s. should be fixed. They recommend that to raise this amount the assessment this year be eightpence per sitting let, or where no sittings are let, on the Stipend Fund, reckoning each £1 as a sitting Jet. They have prepared a table calculated on this basis, which will produce a revenue of £240 9s. 8d., proposing that the providing for the balance of £8 0s. 4d. or any further amount that may be occasioned by the non-payment of any assessment for by a possible excess in estimate of expenditure or by extraneous aid. "Schedule C.—The following Churches are placed in Schedule C after June 30,1875, having been in Schedule A more than 16 years:—St. Mark's, Penwortham; St. Mary's, Kooringa; St. Martin's, Campbelltown; St. Barnabas, Clare; St. Jude's, Port Elliot; St. John's^ Salisbury. They recommend that the following Churches b9 placed in Schedule C after June 30, 1876:—St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln, 14£; St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond, 13^; St. Thomas's, Balhannah, 1-H; not Christchurch, Kadina, being self-supporting; not All Saints, Moonta, being self-supporting. The only Churches that have appealed being St. Thomas's, Balhannah, an Kadina. "Synodal Expenses.—They are happy to state that the assessment for 1874-75 has been sufficient to cover the expenditure and reduce the balance due at the end of iast year f£om £30 to £13 It's., which amount they have borrowed from the Vacant Cures Fund. To attain this object they have obtained from the attorneys of S.P.G. the sum of £7 5s. Id. as a gift. Tney are happy to state that every Church assessed has paid excepting Salisbury. "Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund.—The trustees published a balance-sheet toJuue30, 1874, in the last report, and now report progress. "Table ef Collections, &e.;—They furnish a table showing the amount received from each Church for the various funds and the amounts j.aid as grants in aid of clerical incomes:— Received. 1873-1. 1874-5. Synodal assessment ... £145 10 0 £190 O 0 Borne Mission 233 11 I 280 16 0 Mission to heathen ... 119 6 3 142 8 Paid- Grants in aid to clerical incomes 664 13 6 628 18 1 " Home Mission Fund.—They are happy to report an increase in the collections, and to i=ho»v that they havepaid the grant in aid of stipends at full scale. This ha* been effected for the first time for many years by increase of amounts collected and by handsome contributions from Lady Young and the Incorporated Ckurch of England Endowment Society, and also the special subscriptions received in answer to the Vicar-General's circular. "Mission to Heathen.—They are happy to eall attention to the increase under this head. They regret to observe that some Churches have made no collections, although there is a continued slight improvement in the number of Churches contributing. They have divided that portion of the funds placed at their discretion equally between the Melanesian and Lacepede Bay Missions. "Endowment of Churches.—They report that no ChurcheB have been endowed this year, but that the Incorporated Church of England Endow* ment Society have now a sum available for that purpose. "Statistical Returns.—They regret that there has been more negligence than ever in sending the returns, and the insufficient manner in which some of them are made up. The fact is, the Secretary has found it impossible to prepare a return up to the present time, the printer pointing out the difficulty (in the way of additional expense) that would result in making out a partial return; and they think it desirable that this matter be considered by Synod." ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The following officers were elected:—Treasurers—Messrs. H. Dutton and A. Spenoe ; Auditon—Messrs. H. D. Cruttenden, and EL H. Thomas. Standing Committee—The Very Rev. the Dean, the Ven. the Archdeacon, the Revs. S. Green, W. B Andrews, T. Field, H. M. Pollitt, C. W. Morse, the Hon. A. Blyth, Dr. Gosse, Messrs. G. W. Hawkes, C. B. Young, F. Wicksteed, W. Barlow, H. D. Cruttenden, N. Oldham, H. E. Downer, J. W. Downer, A. Spence, G. W. Siliifant, H. Dutton, F. Balcomb; Assessors—The Rev. the Dean, Archdeacon Marryat, Canon Coombs, the Revs. S. Green, W. B. Andrews, and C. W. Morse ; Messrs. C. B. Young, A. Spence, G. A. Connor, G. W. Sillifant, S. C. Pearson, and G. E. DeMole. Church Advocate—Mr. Wm. Barlow; Representatives to General Synod—The Very Rev. the Dean, the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, the EUv. S. Green,and Messrs. W. Barlow, C. B. Young, and H. E. Downer. MEMBERSHIP OF SYNOD. On the motion that the report of the Election Committee for 1875 be adopted, The Bev. S. GREEN moved an amendment that tbe portion of the report referring to St Luke's be referred to the new Committee upon the ground that two of the Synodsmen were not in fuU communion. 1 he SECRETARY stated that in the return sent in by Mr. Pollitt the word "full" had been struck out. The Rev. S. GREEN thought it was a grave offence for any clergyman to take upon himself to alter the terms which described the legal manner in which a thing should be dene. The amendment was carried. ADOPTION OF REPORTS. Mr. F. WICKSTEED moved—" That the reports cf the Standing Committee and Missionary, Education, and Destitute Children Committees te received, taken as read, and published in report." Carried. Mr. WICKSTEED moved—'" That the balancesheet of the Treasurers of Synod for the year ending Easter, 1875, and the progress account of the Trustees of .the Clergy Widow and Orphan FuEd be received, adopted, and published in report." Carried. Mr. WICKSTEED moved—"That the thanks of Synod be given to the attorneys of the S.P.G., the Trustee of Allen's P. A. FutH, the Trustees of the PopEjpdie.JNatiKe. Institution, the Com* mittecs of the Church of England Endowment Society, the Melanesian Mission, Lacepede Bay Native Mission, and tbe Diocesan Library for tbeir reports and statistical returns, and that they be received and published in the report." Carried. Mr. WICKSTEED moved—"That the assessment for Synodal expenses be as proposed by the Standing Committee." Dean RUSBELL moved as an amendment— " That the Synod does not agree to that portion of the Standing Committee's report which imposes a scheme of assessment fcr the ensuing year, based on the principle of rating on sittings let.' - The Rev. F. S. POOLE seconded. The Very Rev. the DEAN advacited an alternative scheme, based upon a general estimate of the capabilities of each congregation. After some discussion the amendment was negatived. An amendment by the Dean, stnking eut the maximum, was agreed to. A proposal by Mr. S. C. Pearson, to reduce the assessment on St. Jude's, Brighton, to the former rate, was negatived, and the motion carried with the addition of the words " for the present year only." CHDBCH PROPERTY. Leave was granted to Mr. Wicksteed to bring in a measure " That in the case of congregations seeking to send representatives to Synod the land whereon the church stands being under the provisions of the Real Property Act, it shall be absolutely necessary that the certificate of title be in the name of • The Synod of the Church of England in the Diccese of Adelaide, Incorporated.'" The House having gone into Committee, the Rev. Mr. MORSE, although he thoroughly agreed in the spirit of the resolution, thought it was unwif e to make it imperative, as some Churches which hai their property vested in the Bishop »nd several trustees would rather have it remain to. Mr. H. E. DOWNER said the measure would not affect cases where there were already trustdeeds; but in case of land under the Real Property Act there was no recognition of trusts, and great difficulty might ba occasioned. The Rev. Canon FARR pointed out that the same difficulty had arisen in regard to country Institutes, and a Bill was passed to set the" matter right in a similar way to what the Synod proposed. His LORDSHIP said hethought it a most alarmias state of affairs that churches held under the Real Property Act might be sold without the knowledge of the persons to whom the property really belonged. The resolution was agreed to, and made a "regulation non-fundamental." AID TO CHURCHES. On the motion of Mr. WICKSTEED. the following Churches were placed in Sche'iule C after June 30:—St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln; St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond. EDUCATION. The Rev. A. HONNER moved—" That the scheme for the formation of a Board of Education in connection with the Church of England as drawn up by a late Committee (see report, VoL III., p. 14, May, 1872} be adopted, and that a Committee be now appointed to make the necessary arrangements for the carrying out of the scheme." They all were aware that the instruction of tbe children was one of the most important things they could take in hand, and in order that it might be done he proposed the resolution. He hoped yet to see St. Peter's School in connection with the Synod. His LORDSHIP said he did not like to be anta- gonistic to the object Mr. Honrer had in vitw; but the scheme, he thought, was beyond the Church. In the new Areas, particularly, the want of schools was greatly felt, and although the residents in a locality could raise £100 or £150 they could not raise the whole sum. He waited anxiously to see what the new public education system wduld be, and thought it very likely that the feeliug which had been manifested so strongly in England and Scotland might react up. n the view in favour of sejularity put forward here. Dr. GOSSE agreed with the spirit of the motion; but on the ground of expediency preferred to wait and see the result of the cjnsideration which would undoubtedly be given to the education question in the coming Parliament. He moved ths previous question. The Rev. Mr. HOUGHTON said the scheme would if it was worth anything cost thousands of pounds, and he thought it would be quite impracticable. He seconded the previous question. Mr. HONNER withdrew his motion. DESTITUTE CHILDREN. The Rev. A. BONNEE moved—"That a second application be made to the Chairman of the Destitute Board for returns of Church of England children adopted or boarded out, or sent out to service from any of the Government institutions, be sent to the Lord Bishop; and that in the eveat of a refusal a petition be presented to the House of Assembly, praying it to order a half-yearly return to be made to the Bishop." It might be thought by many that be had taken an undue interest in the children, but when he saw how lukewarm a feeling thare was in the Synod for the welfare of the children generally he thought he was quite justified in his stubborn proceedings. (A laugh.) Every effort had been made to allow the Bishop to have' the names of Church of England children furnished to ~ him, in order that they might be ministered to by their religious guardians, but it was refused. Why it was refused so persistently was more than he could understand. He therefore moved tbe motion. He thought there was nothing so fearful as the fact that these poor children were debarred the privileges of their religion, being sent as they were perpetually to several people of different religions in a year, so that the children's idea of Christianity became thoroughly jumbled, and they very often lost their names. (Laughter.) Be spoke to one little girl at the Orphanage by her original name, and she did not know it. He maintained that was not the sort of treatment they ought to have, and hence he moved the notion. The Rev. Canon FARR said the motion implied an application by the Bishop, to which there might have been a reply accompanied by reasons for non-compliance, and that no slight was intended. If the Bishop wished a second application to be made, and wished the support of Synod, he should be happy to lend him all the support Synod could give. On the other haud, unless the Bishop asked it, he thought it would be unwise to carry a resolution to ask Parliament for what he was sure they would never give—namely, an order to a Government officer to make a return half-yearly to a person not a Government officer. (Hear, hear.) If Synod was to do anything at all in this matter, let it act with the greatest consideration, and not so as to get unnecessarily snubbed. (Hear, hear.) His LORDSHIP read the reply which was sent him from the Education Board promising to give the names of children to be boarded out in future, in order that the clergy might name persons whom they considered suitable to take charge of tbe children, and so assist the object of the Board. All who knew anything of workhouse life would rejoice and thank God for the new system which had been set on foot giving the children the advantage of family associations. They could not expect the Government to do more than they had promised, because if they gave a return to him they would be bound to give it to the representatives of other religous bodies also, and he hoped no such application as that proposed would be made. He thought that the Government had fairly met their claim. The Rev. S. GREEN said if the Education Committee bad known His Lordship did not consider the letter a slight they would probably not have recoitmended what they had done. (Hear, hear.) Dean RUSSELL said that although at first suspicious of the action of the Board, he had from later experience become quite satisfied as to the manner in which the system was carried out. The Rev. Mr. HOUGHTON, who had acted as guardian for several children, also expressed his entire approval. The Rev. Mr. HONNER replied, stating hiopinion that the boarding-out system was not the best for South Australia, and that children suffered by being removed from the Asylum, where they had the best teaching and were properly cared fcr. The motion was negatived by a large majority. MAITLAND AND MOONTA. On the motion of the Rev. S. GREEN, All Saiuts', Moonta, and St. John's, Maitland, were declared a united, parish, and a Committee appointed to define the boundaries and recommend tbe same to Synod. ...The.Sycod adjourned at 10 o'clock till next day at 3. 