Fancy Dress Ball at Government House. The fancy dress ball given by bis Excellency tho Governor, and which litis for some little time, beon the one thonie of anticipation for Brisbane belles, took placo last night at Government Houso.' v or some time before and after 10 o'clock ia continuous stream of carriogos poured into tlio domain, each convoying its freight of beauty, tantalising a small crowd collected at tlio gates by glimpses of charms and costumes equally varied. Shortly after 10 o'clock tho first quadrillo was formed. His excelloncy, in Wind sor uniform, loading off with Lady OConnell, having Lady Oocklo and Sir Maurice O'Conneil ns vis-a-vis, her lndy- Miip wenrirg tho picturesque dress of a Bavarian peasant woman of the bettor / class, and Sir Maurice having donned for the occasion the uniform of the Spanish service, under Queen Isaholla, at tlio time when ho fought to sustain her Crown. By tho time this quaere had conpluded, the rooms were mod without inconvoniont crowding. Quad rilles wore pleasant, aud round dances not only possible without destruction to ladies' drosses, hut open enough to permit the full enjoyment of tlio move ment and music. By the 'timo all tho guests had arrived the scono was most picturosfjuo, and the costumes woro unquestionably most creditable to tho taste Df the wearers. Thoro were, as- usual ou such oconsions, tho unavoidable duplication of characters, hut on tho whole independence in selection of costumes aud characters had boon the rule. The most striking figuro to a porson entering the room was unquestionably tho towering height of Mr. Gardiner, in tho character of Chang, tlio Chines Giant,, admirably drossed and got up —up nearly 7 foot. Once fairly ontorod, however, tho eye and attention insensibly — ndy sensibly — glided to tho gracoful and delicate forms flitting hy or grouped with others around in a motlloy of costumes, uono of which — or of the wearers — woro without their pecu liar charm: A most magnificent toilette was worn by Mrs. George Harris, who had adopted tho Syrian or Arabian style, in which tho head-dress and tho margins of tho robes and scarves aliko glitter and tinkle with coins. Mrs. 'Harris' dress we bolievo to have been critically correct, as we happen to havo recently mot with a description of the Syrian gala dress for ladies in the travels of Ida Pfeffor. Gliding around a gracoful Vivandiiro assorted the claims of Europe, and assertod them most efficiently. Among tho characters with study in them, Miss Griselda 'Old- buck, supported by Mrs. John Douglas was particularly worthy ofnoto. "Miss Griselda," says Sir Walter Scott, "bore upon hor head a structure resembling the fashion in tho 'Ladies' Memorandum , JBook of 1770,' a suporb piece of archi- (i tecture, not much less than a modern 1 - Gothic castle; an antique flowered gown graced the person to whom holonged this unparalleled tele. Hor arms were terminated at the elbows with triplo lace ruffles, and, being folded saltire- wnys in front, were decorated with long mittens of a bright vormillion color which presented no had resemblance to a pair of gigantic lobsters." However ancient this Griselda might assume to he, she was certainly modern as com pared with tho time of the Druids, who sent a representative in the person of Dr. Cannan, whose mystic spells, how ever, would have had no chance agninst tho incantations of a most de luding Witch, broomstick in hand, re presented hy Miss Coutts. Powerful alike over Druid and with the mystic sisterhood, goldfound visible expression in the habiliments ofMrs. D. O'Donovan who wore a rich dress of cloth-of-gold, with a flowing scarf, on which the namo of tho principal gold mining dis tricts of Queensland were worked in scarlet ; the shoes woro ornamented with gold, and the stockings with gold clocks; on hor head was a coronet of the same precious metal, sot off with gems ; and in hor hand she bore the divining-rod of the ancient Rhahdomances. Tho anciont Astec race had a regal revival in the person of Mr. Maudslay, as Montezuma, who had assumed fresh youth, and in no wise, we should judge, abated the magni ficence of his raiment. Admiration gave way to risibility at tho first glance at. a baby of startling proportions and oxceptional powers of speech and lo comotion, being upwards of 6 foot high of stalwart build, and an industrious dancer. This was, in fact, the liu- mourious idea of Mr. M'llwraith, who, clad in long wliito garments, duly furnished with coral, rattlo, &o.;, ana with a neat'eap on his hoad, accepted the responsibilities of his extreme youth witli gravo discretion. As a sober Puritan, Mr. Robert Little gloomed on the festivities from tho recess of buff hoots and sad garments of purple velvet. In lively contrast was the little figure of a Page of tho Court of the First Napoleon, admirably dressed hy Mr. 0. Miles. A young lady, whose name we did not learn, made ono wish to bo a fisherman, hy her impersonation of a fish-wife. The real (gilt) fish with which the basket on hor hack was furnished went astray in wicked hands as tho ' evening advanced, and the bonny fish wife did not show to least advantage glancing from chamber to chamber in search of the robber. Enough, however, remained in the " cruel" to have given some employment to a very competent- looking professional cook, whoso snowy habilments were in themselves, creative of appetite for his masterpieces. He ought to havo a good figure — at least to be good at figures — and when we mention that Mi-. E. R. Drury was tho culinary hero, wo may be excused for believing that he never cooked anything — not even accounts. Mr. R. Darvafl was admirably suited in a Greek dross, which brightened up every group which its wearer joined, and contrasted strikingly with the grim aspect and . sombry habiliments of Oliver Cromwell, whose ghost would have been nollified at the sight of his representative, Mr. E. J. Bennet. Mrs. Bennet was very correctly dressed as Mary of Lorraine, mother of Mary Queen of Soots. Wo have not, however, time to enlarge on such interesting historical thomes; a graceful Paysanne from Normandic flits across the scene, and puts mere correct- ness out of the question. Mddlo. Entile r- Desgrands is probably to the manner horn, and the authenticity of hor neatly coquettish cap and costume is beyond criticism. Miss North, as a Chinese lady, showed another picturesque variation of the settings which may ascist a pleasant picture. Mrs. A. Y. Drury was habited as Madam D'Arblay nee Miss Burney, tho authoress of " Evelina." The costume is of the time of Georges II and HI. Mr. Drury had sought a character to embody from the pages of Shakespeare, and glittered in metal and jewels, as Duko Yincentio, in Meaure for Measure. Tho graver citizens of the world found oxponents in Messrs. 0' Donovan and L. J. Byne. The former, as Jacquos Auguste de Thou, Royal Librarian temps de Henri Wf) IV., wore an official coat with silk gown laco rabat, ruffles and wig, a costume which, though different from that in which the groat President of the Parlia ment of Paris is generally represented, is quite correct as that of tho Biblio- thfieaire du Roi'. The latter in tho long fur-lined garments which, too cumbrous for tho warrior, warmed the limbs of peaceful citizens in the 15th century, represented a greator celebrity William Oaxton, the fat1 or of printing. Mrs. Byrne, as a lady of the same period, wore a white camlet robe and train, and a double- turret head-dress, with gossamer veil. Timo was rolled still furthor baok hy Mr. E. Mao- Donnoll, who was vory cohiplotoly habited as a Kniglit Templar, clad in mail, but shiolded from tho fierce rays of a Palostine sun hy flowing robes and swathod head-dross, and from all nssnults by a good sword and shield. Sir Walter Raleigh, onco more revived, holds his bluo and silver cloak roady for not only a Quoon, but any one of the protty poasant girls, goddesses, and ladies of all epochs who, with uniformed officers, fox -hunters, Jack-tars, courtiers knights and jockeys, mako tho whole suito like tho ruins of a rainbow. Space, time, and descriptive powers would alike fail us should wo endeavor further des cription. Tho matorials and construc tion of ladies' dresso3 wo havo always considorcd a mystery too holy for man to approach. The ontiro scone, wandor whore one liked, was hustling with ani mated enjoyment, and glowing with con trasted color. Without having tho fatigue of ascending to tho top of tho Pyramids the observer looked down on many centuries. In tho garbs of all those yoors, as represented last night, there was scarcely ono which did not show to advantage as compared with the male habits of to-day. With rospoct to tho contrasted periods of ladies' decora tion a determination is more difficult. The ladies of to-day may yet supply the bit of color whioh tho eye — weary with tho clingy neutral tints of modern gentle men's dresses — invariably seeks. It appoars from tho comparisons of last night, that charming women lend grace to any dross. Dancing was kopt up with the greatest vivacity till a late hour this morning. The costumes were, for a placo with re sources so restricted in that lino as Bris bano, wondorfully diversified, and were also exceedingly tasteful in almost every instance. On tlio whole, however, novolty, antiquity and ingenuity had been rackod for appropriate dresses and characters, and the result was probably a pleasing surprise to His ExceUoncy tho Governor. It is almost noodloss to add that all in tho shape of physical comforts that could add to the enjoyment of thoso present were provided with lavish profusion. So far as spacious and well-ventilated rooms, bright lights, good musio, and choice, varied, and abundant " creature comforts" could contribute to enjoy ment, nothing c.ould have been desired. By 8 o'clock the last of the bright throng of masqueraders had departed, and brought to an end, perhaps the most brilliant and hospitable entertain ment ever witnessed within tho walls of Government House. 