SEEMON Preached in St. Paul's Church, Melbourne, on St. Peter's Day, 1875, by the Rev. Canon Goodman, M.A., Incumbent of Christ Church, Geelong. And I say, also, unto thee, that tJwu art Peter, and ivpon this rack I mill Mild My church; and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. — Mat. xvi. 18. * The building up of the Church of Christ, is, in more ways than one, the subject of our thoughts on this festival. If we were considering the character and office of St. Peter, without any reference to the anniversary ot the diocese, we snouia appropriately turn our attention to the dialogue at Csesarea Philippi ; if we were discussing the state and prospects of our church in the diocese, we could not do better than reflect ,on the one foundation laid in Zion. It was a happy combination of circumstances which, in the year 1847, allowed of St. Peter's Day to be the occasion, and the Abbey of St. Peter, at Westminster, to be tbe scene of the consecration of three Australian bishops, the foundation of three new dioceses. On the passage, ' Thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build My church,' more criticism has been expended, and more discussion awakened, than on any passage of Scripture, with the single exception of the words of the institution of the Lord's Supper — ' This is my body.' The preacher proceeded to analyse the metaphor employed) arguing that the foundation must be a person, and not a confession; whilst the 'living stones' (1 Peter ii. 4.) built upon it are the people of God. It is more than probable that our Lord was indirectly referring to (Isa. xxviii. 16) ? ' Behold, I lay in Zion, for a foundation, a stone, a tried stone, a precious corner-stone, a true foundation ; he that believeth shall not make haste.' He thus summed up the exposition of the text. It would not be 3af e to deny that there is reference to Peter, as a stone on which the church is built; but it is abundantly clear that the whole church, Peter and the rest of the apostles included, had to be built on the Saviour, 'for other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Christ.' Two practical questions grow out of this subject: — First, whether we are individually built upon Christ ;? secondly, on what principles we are seeking to build upon Christ, the church in this diocese. After making answer to the first question, the preacher. thus continued :— Let us now inquire on what principle we should seek to build up our own branch of the church catholic in this country. The work of the church is so to deal with the people as to build them up as one body in Christ, and this mainly through a ministry which seeks the conversion of the ungodly, and the sanctification of believers. It is to be remembered that whilst this is true of the church in every age, the work itself varies in different countries, and in different circumstances. The great truths of the Christian religion are one arid the same. Human nature is the same. The hard heart of man needs always the same renewing power ; and the gospel, as an instrumentality for winning souls, is like the vast ocean — ever old, yet ever new. But the minds of men vary, customs differ, intelligence differs. No two human beings are exactly alike, either in bodily features or mental endowment. Thus, circumstances are altering, although the same object has to be obtained, and by the same means. I shall have occasion more than once to refer to the important allocution recently issued from Lambeth Palace — remarkable because it is signed by the whole of the English bench, with two exceptions, the Bishop of Durham having refused his signature only because the statements of the pastoral were too mildly expressed ; the Bishop of Salisbury having first signed, and then recalled, his signature, not because the statements were in his opinion untrue, but because they were calculated to give offence. It is impossible, therefore, that in such a document the facts of the case can be overstated. The prelates thus describe the present time : — ' We live in an age which prides itself on freedom of thought and emancipation from the control of authority. In every portion of Christendom men are more disposed than ever to run into extremes of opinion and practice. While, on the one hand, fundamental truths are increasingly neglected or denied ; vain attempts, on the other, are made in many quarters to meet the infidelity by the revival of superstition.' This desire for emancipation from the control of authority is peculiarly characteristic of our colonial population ; and there are other features of the land in which we live, which are to be taken into account in reviewing the history of our church. In an address presented to the bishop by the clergy of the diocese, just three years ago, the people of the colony are described as ' singularly independent in thought, restless in action, and impatient of restraint; who had broken away from home ties and home associations.' It is mentioned, also, that the ' wonderful development of wealth, and increase of popula tion, rendered the episcopal office especially difficult.' This large distribution of wealth, also, tends to place the church in a new position, relatively, to other bodies. We are not an established church, we are not a dominant church, neither have we the prestige of superior wealth. We are not rich in the liberality of our people compared with other Christian communities. In this metropolis the most costly specimens of ecclesiastical architecture are not ours. Measured by this test, we are fifth or sixth in the scale of comparison, whilst the intended cathedral of the diocese exists only ori paper' — adorning the walls of the registry. So long as our worshippers can find accommodation — at least in our more populous towns — -we may reconcile ourselves to this dis parity; but it is evident that the zeal of other Christian bodies clears away .all obstacles to the securing the highest talent that England or Scotland can afford — a course that we have never been able to pursue. The selection of an English clergyman, of acknowledged ability and wide reputation, has only been made practicable in the case of the new Bishop of Ballarat. All this has a manifest influence on our laity. There are few but have worshipped, at different times, with congregations not of our own communion. The barriers are in great degree thrown down, and the church is left to fight her way, unaided by those adventitious helps with . which we were familiar in the old country. It is obvious, therefore, that we are more than ever thrown, under God, ' upon the zeal, piety, and intelligence of our clergy. An intelligent people demands a well-educated ministry, and if' our clergy should, in this respect, fall below the standard of other bodies, the loyalty of the people to the church of their baptism will be sorely tested. In his farewell address, our beloved bishop said: — 'As a steam-engine, when all its machinery is perfect, requires, for enabling it to perform its intended work, both fuel and fire, so does the church require an adequate supply of faithful and able ministers, together with the life-giving power of the Holy Ghost, in order that it may accomplish the Lord's work. Without a larger pouring- . out of the Holy Ghost, and without additional clergymen, duly qualified for1 their sacred office, all our organisation will De iouna wnoiiy inefficacious. And from tne same lips we ? H often heard the remark, that on the liberality of the people S depends, in no small degree, the future character of the- i clergy. Such are some of the difficulties by which we are 1 confronted. I propose, now, to recall to your remembrance 1 some of the principles which have been bequeathed to us by i a prelate, who, on this day 28 years ago, was consecrated for Eg this diocese. 1 (1.) I need scarcely remind you that he taught us faithful- . i ness to Christ. ' On this rock I will build my church.' Christ, i the one foundation, was the key-note to his teaching. ?' Other I foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Christ.' § In his primary charge, delivered in 1852, he told us — 'The I subject of your public preaching, if you would efficiently fulfil I your ministry, must be the gospel — the love of God in the 1 redemption of mankind by the gift of His Son, and in the i sanctification of His elect people by the gift of His Spirit. If I the Christian minister preach anything contrary to the gospel, 1 or, if he do not preach the whole gospel— the work of the 1 Spirit as well as the work of the Son — faithfully and fully, I he is unfaithful to his trust, and will bring upon himself the 1 terrible wrath of God.' | (2.) Then, again, he inculcated faithfulness to God's Word, I We all know how prominent a part he took in promoting the I circulation of the Word of God, as a president of the Melbourne | branch of the Bible Society. Neither can we forget with what I courage and ability he stood forward as a public lecturer, I when he conceived it necessary to banish and drive away I erroneous and strange doctrines, contrary to God's Word. It I was the one great theme of his pulpit ministrations, and more I particularly of those admirable private charges which he- I always addressed to candidates previously to their ordination. ? 1 I cannot give a more pertinent example of his mode of I enforcing the study of the Bible than a paragraph taken from | a sermon preached in 1864, before the University of Cam- 1 bridge. I ' The benefit to be derived, from the study of the Bible I depends almost entirely upon the frame of mind in which we- i apply ourselves to it. In order that the reading of the I Scriptures may be conducive to our establishment in the faith, I it must be begun, and carried on, not in a carping, critical I spirit, or with a speculative curiosity ; but with an humble,. g reverent devotion, and a sincere desire to hear what God will 8 say unto us by them. Moreover, in reading the Bible, we I must beware of putting a forced, unnatural meaning upon its I language, in order to make its doctrine harrnonise with our I own notions. When a man begins to interpret such words as 1 eternal/ 'everlasting,' 'judge,' 'judgment,' 'sacrifice for sin,' 'propitiation,' and all those various passages in which the doctrine of the gospel is plainly set forth, in a sense different from that which they convey to a simple unsophisticated mind, we have reason to fear lest there be already in him an evil heart of unbelief which will gradually draw him away from the living God.' . ? ? I admit that faithfulness to Christ. and faithfulness to God's Word are principles which would be acknowledged by every conscientious bishop of our church. In regard to our own Diocesan, I can but call you to witness how boldly and how devotedly he carried them into his daily practice. (3.') More especially characteristic of our Diocesan was his faithfulness to the spirit, as well as the letter, of the church's doctrine. Nearly twenty years ago, he gave public notice, and the notice was copied by the English press, calling atten tion to King James's declaration attached- to the Thirty-nine Articles, that ' no man shall either print or preach to draw the Article aside any way, but shall submit to it in the plain and full meaning thereof ; and shall not put his own sense or comment to be the meaning of the Article, but shall take it in the literal and grammatical sense.' The notice was to the effect that candidates should undergo an examination in the literal sense of the Articles, the meaning of the several words and clauses, together with their grammatical and logical con nexion j and this practice has been fully carried out ever since. At an earlier period, viz., in 1852, in his primary charge, he said, ' when you desire to satisfy yourself as to what God has declared upon any particular point, you go at once to the Bible; and when you want to know what our church teaches, you go to the Book of Common Prayer, and her other authorised formularies. If you take your doctrine from the Bible, you cannot fail to be faithful stewards of the mysteries of God ; and if you take your doctrine from the Prayer Book and formularies of our church, you cannot fail to approve yourselves faithful ministers, of her communion.' This implicit deference to the dogmatic teaching of the church is not popular. 'We often meet with a restlessness and impatience on the part of members of our communion, both lay and clerical, at [or against] being bound down to special formularies of doctrine. It is easy for such persons to argue that the Scriptures are not dogmatic, that the way of salvation is not reduced to hard logical propositions. It is easy to argue that dogma is characteristic of that corrupt form of Christianity that claims to be infallible, and enforces its teaching by the thunders of anathema. But I reply — What is dogma but the mind of the church as to what is the mind of the Spirit, in the written 'Word of God 1 A careless reader of Scripture may fix Ms attention on isolated passages, . and draw inferences strangely at variance with other passages , which he has not taken into consideration. The teaching of the Holy Ghost concerning justification is not to be learned from St. Paul without comparing him with St. James, nor from St. James without comparing with St. Paul. The divine scheme of man's salvation has to be learned from a careful study of the Scriptures in their several parts, as well as in their mutual connexion. A man thus obtains clear views on the several features of the Christian scheme which can be reduced to distinct propositions. But these will derive colouring from the character of his mind and special idiosyn crasies. Other men go through the same investigation, and arrive at different results. It is the business of the theologian to compare writer with writer, and age with age. Churches have thus arrived at definite results, which they have embodied in their confessions ; and the doctrine so declared is of the utmost use, not only for securing uniformity of teaching, but for guiding the individual in the study of God's truth. It is much the fashion in our own day to decry the Athanasian Creed. We may not like its technical terms, still less its ' warning clauses,' as they are more properly called. But the clear teaching conceiving the persons of the Godhead, the protest against each form of error which the subtilty of the Greek philosophic mind called into being, is of the utmost value in guiding us through the deep and mysterious teaching of the New Testament. The mind which repudiates dogma as curtailing liberty of thought, is like the mariner, who, before steering his vessel through an intricate channel, demands the removal of every buoy and sea-mark by which the course of ships is indicated. Those who contend against dogmatic fetters are certain to hold loose views of the authority and inspiration of Scripture. As teachers, their trumpet gives an uncertain sound, their hearers are not built up in the truth. Where the consciences of the latter are roused, where a sense of sin comes with distressing power, the teaching which they have received is neither 'wholesome' nor u full of comfort,' and they become an easy prey to a system which asserts its own infallibility, and treacherously imputes uncertainty to the Word of God. Never was there a time that more fully needed the exact definitions that Hooker has bequeathed to us in his sermon on justification. 'There is a 'glorifying righteousness of men in the world to come ; and there is a justifying, and a sanctifying righteousness here. The righteousness wherewith i we shall be clothed in the world to come, is both perfect and inherent. That whereby here we are justified is perfect, but not inherent. That whereby we are sanctified inherent, but not perfect.' Compare this language with that of the 11th, 12th, and 17th Articles, and you will be convinced of its close harmony with the teaching of the church as well as with that of the Bible. And how forcibly does that great writer sum up the Scripture truth concerning man's fall, and Christ's redemption, when he says,* ' Let it be counted folly, or phrensy, or fury, or whatsoever ; it is ? our wisdom, and our comfort ; we care for no knowledge of the world but this, that man hath sinned, and God hath suffered ; that God hath made Himself the sin of men, and that men are made the righteousness of God.' . (4.) Again, our bishop inculcated faithfulness to the law of the church. I am constrained to say that this involves many difficult questions. Assuming that in this diocese there is a general willingness to conform to law, as interpreted by custom and enforced by episcopal admonition ; we cannot escape the influence of a different state of things in England. The bishops in their allocution (to which I have already alluded), say, ' The refusal to obey legitimate authority is another evil in the church at the present time. Not only has it frequently occurred that clergymen fail to render to episcopal authority that submission which is involved in the idea of episcopacy ; but obedience has been avowedly refused to the highest judicial interpretations of the law of this church and iealm.' They wisely add, 'We fully recognise the dif ference between unity and an overstrained uniformity, and are well aware that our church is rightly tolerant of diversity, within certain limits, both of opinions and practices. We would not narrow in the least this wise comprehensiveness ; but liberty must not degenerate into license and self-will. As fundamental truths must not be explained away, so neither must those clear lines be obliterated which separate the doctrines of our Keformed Church from the novelties and cor- ? ruptions of the Church of Bome.' When a party in England - — a small minority, it is true, but making up by zeal and perti nacity what it lacks in numbers — wages war against authority, with an avowed determination to establish pre- reformation usages and doctrines, a colonial bishop has a hard task to resist the influence^ not only in the case of sympathisers with this school seeking employment in his diocese, but in the case of young men allowing an ecclesiastical aestheticism to override their attachment to Protestant truth. And the attitude assumed by the laity only adds to the difficulty. If a large section is attached to reformation principles, and is indignant when clergymen, eating the bread of a Protestant Church, do the work of Rome, so there is a different section that loves what is ornate in public worship, and easily reconciles itself to what is called 'advanced ritual.' The bishops at home do not hesitate to say that one of the results of this insi dious movement is the 'interruption of the mutual con fidence and sympathy which ought to exist between clergy and laity, that by these changes in the mode of performing divine service, distrust has been engendered, and the edification which ought to result from united worship has been impeded.' This is a serious admission, as coming from the whole body of the bishops — involving, as it does, the con sideration that many of their number would wish, with the Bishop of Durham, more strongly to 'condemn, with outspoken faithfulness, the grave errors which are being propagated.' The ruler in our church has indeed a difficult task, with the law uncertain in its sound, the rubrics not drawn up with such clearness but that their meaning may be . disputed. The laity, for the most part, are instinctively antagonistic to Rome, and this alienation, to which the prelates refer, is felt to be a pulling down, not a building up, of the spiritual edifice ; but perhaps no problem could be presented of greater delicacy than how to resist those dangerous innovations, without an assumption of authority, which is resented as incon sistent with the wishes of a freedom- loving people. Neither is it easy for the action of the spiritual ruler to retain its own consistency. Customs and practices, which might be allowed at one time, become objectionable when they are insidiously declared to embody doctrines against which we protest. Our Bishop says, in Ms third visitation charge, in 1866 : — ' If we would preserve the peace and concord which at present prevail among us, we must use precautionary measures against its interruption. For the various opinions and tastes which exist in England must be expected to appear also in Victoria, and will not fail to produce, unless effectual means be adopted to avert it, the same calamitous result here as there. What, then, are the means which we hope, with God's blessing, will be effectual for this purpose ? They appear to me to be these three — first, a conscientious obedience to the law on every point on which the church has pronounced its authoritative decision ; secondly, a mutual tolerance of all difference of opinion and practice in those matters as to which either the church has pronounced no decision, or its language is ambiguous, and so admits of divers interpretations; and, thirdly, a common consent of all to maintain their own views individually as members of the church, and not to combine together in parties one against another.' 1 It remains for me to refer to one more principle on which the Bishop endeavoured to build up the church in this diocesej viz., Fidelity to the rights of the laity. . Rome denies the cup to the laity, thereby withholding the outward visible sign of an inward spiritual grace given unto us, ordained by Christ Himself. Our 30th Article declares that both the parts of the sacrament by Christ's ordinance and commandment ought to be ministered to all Christian men alike. The policy of Rome is evidently enough to maintain a sacerdotal caste, fenced round by the most elaborately-ingenious restrictions. If there is one principle in which our Bishop was more in advance of the age than another, it was in giving to the laity their due influence in the work and government of the church. What he laboured for, a quarter of a century ago, and opinions that he promulgated on this subject, are now echoed in England in the highest quarters. In a few years more,! we shall probably see the convocations — both of Canterbury and York-— constituted on a principle not unlike that of our Church' Assembly. At present they are clerical corporations, mainly consisting of ex-officio dignitaries, and in no way representing the laity of the church. I have said that the Bishop laboured to give to the laity their due influence in the work of the church. In other words, he was ever anxious to utilise lay- ministration. Not that he undervalued the authority of the Christian ministry. Far from it. In a sermon on the Ascension, preached before the- University of Cambridge, he referred in these terms to the clergy : — 'To believe, and realise the belief , that they have been ordained and set forth, and appointed to their several posts by the Lord Jesus Christ ; that He has given them the Spirit for the office and work whereunto he has called them ; and that His promise to His apostles, ' Lo ! I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world,' is an assurance of His continual presence with them — would, indeed, seem absolutely essential for their confidence and comfort in the fulfilment of their most difficult and responsible duties. You, my brethren of the ministry, if I may judge of your feelings from my own, will bear testimony with me, that the ground of all our confidence, both toward God and toward man, is, that we have ' received our ministry of the Lord.' It is this assurance which alone enables us to open our mouths boldly, to speak the mystery of the gospel. It is this which alone makes us not to be ' wearied or faint in our minds.' It is this which alone encourages us to hope that our labour 1 shall not be in vain in the Lord.' ' Our Bishop, however, saw clearly enough that the authority of the ministry was no bar to the usefulness of the reader's office. In his third charge he thankfully alludes to his experience regarding their employment in this diocese : — ' As the clergy and laity have become more familiar with their office, and as I have been gradually enabled to define more accurately their status and functions, irregularities have become of rare occurrence ; and misapprehension and distrust have been, in the minds of almost all who are conversant with the working of the system, succeeded by a cordial recognition of their position and acknowledgment of their usefulness. That the large majority have been worthy of the trust reposed in them appears from these two facts : first, that in many places congregations have been gathered, and, for a long time, kept together, almost entirely by their exertions ; and, secondly, that not a few of them have approved themselves worthy to be admitted to Holy Orders, and are now fulfilling their ministry faithfully and efficiently among us.' I need scarcely remind you that we have upwards of eighty honorary readers, lay communicants of the church, recognised and duly authorised by the Bishop, to labour without fee or reward, in maintaining the services in places where no clergy man can be procured. The labours of these self-denying men have approved themselves to every Christian heart ; a vast mass of jjrejudice has been swept away, the church has been strengthened, many of her children, that she might have lost, have been kept within her pale, and for this we may, under God, thank the liberal policy of our Diocesan. As regards the laity sharing in the government of the church, I may quote the lay address presented this day, three years since, to our Bishop, at the Town Hall. 'If there is one thing more than another which deserves to be selected for especial comment it is the admirable system of representative government which you have secured for the church in this land. Your lordship was the first bishop to invite your lay, brethren to share the government of the church.' In reply the Bishop said, 'That I was, in the providence of God, per mitted, with the assistance of some of yourselves and others^ to originate what you justly call our 'present admirable, system of representative government,' for the church in this; land, has always been to me an occasion of special thankful ness. Our church has become a well ordered commonwealth^, in which all its members occupy their proper position, and co-operate with one another for the due increase and well being of the whole body.' I have endeavoured to show that the principles on which ( this diocese has been ruled have been — fidelity to Christ,' to the Word of God, to the doctrines of our Reformed Church, to? the laws of the church, and to the claims of the laity. The - present occasion is-^almost the only one on which such an- . inquiry could' have been practicable. To do so whilst our Bishop continued to reside among us, would have been to utter a useless panegyric. To do so after a successor's arrival,; would be to draw an invidious comparison. To do so now, is to recall the manner in which the first bishop of this diocese sought, for more than a quarter of a century, to preserve the unity and concord of the whole body, and to build the church on the one foundation. I do not intend a; reference to these principles as praise to a man, but as a subject of thanksgiving to God. We are now in an exceedingly anxious crisis of our history. We only know that we are deprived of the presence of our, guide and ruler. We know not who will succeed him in his? responsible duties. We are not even sure of the manner in. which the election will be conducted. Whoever takes this high office, will derive a mingled benefit from following such a prelate. On the one hand, he will find an organisation in working-order — the product of years of labour and thought; on the other, the people will have been familiarised with a standard of episcopal ability and devotedness which few men can hope to reach. What we may call the secular business of the diocese will probably go on in much the same way, whoever may preside either in the Assembly or the Council. But what may we expect as to the spiritual work of the diocese ? , Incumbents will preach in their pulpits, and work in their parishes as heretofore. And what about the recruiting of our ranks, either by ordination, or by admission from without ? Will the future bishop guard against the faintest tendency to erroneous and strange doctrines, or to unedifying changes of ritual 1 Will the future bishop be firm as a rock in matters which affect the honour of his Master, the purity of church teaching, the building up of souls 1. Will he persevere in a f right course through evil report and good report, not turning aside to the right hand or the left ? Will he, himself, be an example of the believers, in word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity 1 The more we reflect on the possible influence of a bishop, the more do we feel the insufficiency of human wisdom for making a choice, or of human machinery to guard against fatal mistakes. One comfort we have, amid all this uncertainty, that there is an increasing desire among us to commit all our cares and anxieties to God. Never was there a more widely-spread belief in the power; of prayer, and a greater disposition to act upon it. Pray, therefore, that the- Holy Spirit may be poured out upon our congregations and parishes ; that there may be an increase of true religion amongst us ; that the ungodly may be converted — by being led to repentance towards God, and faith towards our Lord Jesus Christ. Pray that our communicants may exhibit consistency of life and increase in the knowledge of God. Pray that our cclergy may grow in efficiency and zeal, and that the work of ?the Lord may prosper in their hands. Let the church itself 'be alive and active; let the clergy be zealous and spiritual. .Then may we confidently believe that God will send us a man fitted to the exalted office of which I have been speaking — one endowed with a spirit of power, of love, and of a sound mind — one who shall be eminently blessed in building up the church on the one foundation, even Jesus Christ. i ? ? «« ? 