FORTUNE'S EKEAES. By Ctmon Pukb. Chapter I. Adelaide had been holiday-making in the usual Adelaide manner. Pleasure parties, so called, which had started in the early morning to the various spots selected for the pur pose of the very questionable enjoyment of eating tepid food and imbibing warm fluid in uncomfortable positions, with tke usual accompaniments of hungry and iter severing mosquitoes and flies of a suicidal and enquiring turn of mind, .and, of wan dering about in the usual stereotyped manner peculiar to people given to pic nics, had returned dispirited and replete to their several homes, wishing for bed time and oblivion. The whistle of . the Glenelg Railway bo^io was ever and anon heard, as the thousands of individuals with an wi accountable taste for sandhills and sup stroke, crowds and discomfort, were transported homewards. Christmas Day, 18 — , was drawing to. a close — not the hearty Christmas Day of the old country, memorable from the happy family gatherings and good old English cheer — good, not because of its intrinsic merit alone, but because of the hearty enjoyment with which young and old, rich and poor, gathered round the board and partook of it. Not the reveren tial Christmas Day of a Christian coun try, where every church is filled with worshippers to hear the oft-told tale 're- peated, and to bend the knee in honor of that Saviour to celebrate whose first coming the day is hallowed, and where every church is decked.- with dear old holly, whose dark green leaves and ruddy berries seem to tell of peace on earth, goodwill toward men — but the Australian Christmas Day, as observed in Adelaide, with few of the adjuncts and obser vances inseparable from the thorough en joyment of it. The day had been exceedingly hot, even for Adelaide ; every one felt more or less depressed, and the groups who wandered listlessly about the streets, or congregated on ve randahs, and in gardens, employed themselves principally in mopping and fanning, and generally making them selves more uncomfortable tban even the unpleasant circumstances of the case de ? manded. There was one small family in Adelaide, the older members of which, atjmy rale, did not appear to have attempted any very elaborate enjoyment, in whioh they were possibly not unlike a good nany more of their fellow citizens. Guy DalzeU's family consisted of him self, his wife, and five children, the oldest of whom was under six yean of age. Guy lived in a three-roomed cot tage in one of what he was pleased to term the ' outsquirts ;' a species of habitation which by no means came up to few idea of the convenances, and which, considering the weather, was anything bat airy and comfortable. On this same Christmas night Guy and hiB wife were sitting talk ing, fie tad his eldest boy sleeping in his arms, she the elder girl — the other two boys and girl had been pat to bed out of the way. On the table were the remains of the evening repast, which clearly had not been of a very sumptuous description, not certainly anything like what Guy could remember in bis father's house, when he was his son's age, but per haps, as he said, a good deal better for a fellow's liver. There was nothing prosperous about the appearance of tho place at all. lj-e husband looked worried, and tho wife careworn. 'Well, old girl/' said Guy at last, after sitting silent for a long time, ' I'm getting awful sick of this kind of handto mouth exiatecce ; sometimes plenty to do, and at oth&rs; 'doing the block' for weeks. It's misery for all hands, and I must try some other little game.' 'Well, but Guy, dear, what can you do better than what you are doing now.' ' Nothing, darling ; but the worst n( it is it won't last much longer than my old boots, and I've nearly seen the last of them, I'm sorry to say.' ' Oh, Guy, if you had only bean st*aay, how very different things might have been.' ' That's what Tom Muatter onoe sj.i-1 to a brute of a four-year old loanco.t with a wall evo, I remember it well ; the hounds wok just settled down to Uwir work — we'd been going lik* smose through pastures with easy fenans; for » couwl* of miles or so, when we casae to a——' 'Sow, Guy, you know I dont in* an ' Well, my poor girl, I Wm»w Tire fans «one » ^ttle iw- **?* for niy con' I Eaton, and ridden with to* loose a f Si ? and, «noe we're been marned, I F rL' that I have given yon many a heart jL with my ways, but it won'i mend 2a«i to talk about it. I've been pretty Sidy lately - and if you keep a nice £Jt firm hand upon me I think I can /Sp the course now. As for drirk, jou irfrihat,jper*e, I do not care a single as for it. Of course, I know I do some ?*L t,ke too much, but it's not for the hfi of it* Somehow, one thing and pother leads to it, and there a fellow 'WeU, but now, dear Guy, you'll try to «11 our sakes to be steady, won't Toar J'' ? _. ? * t- _ a i - - :_ 1 ? 'Bight you are, pet. i-ue iook nere. low ti»n, young Guy, you're getting too katfy. Never mind, old chap, atop then jou are. Now my idea is this : — In&e; int place, I can see my w;iy to a far iwtttb*' work now, and tho more &er; give me the better, of course. I'll rock uke a blessed Ethiopian serenader h long a- I can get it to do. We'll av* m much as we can; fund by gu time I complete the job those lew pounds will, have come from Not,' South WalM, so that, with good luck and the timing, we shall be in wonderful funds. 8a I propose, then, to doff the broad cloth and go in for moleskin. I shall Into you with £50 or so in your pocket to look after the children, whilo I try k fortune *on the wallaby.' ' 'Oh ! Guy* what nonsense, when that tiienbTe accident— you know yen oan sot trodc like that, I mean.' 'Watt,- on the wallaby ! — Oh, I've bid that's not very hard work, my ic ! Rnt I reallv think it's the best Ihing I can do. It's clear they don't mb to care much about me hero, so I'd fetter go somewhere else. I know that ^ ii I once do get a chance on a cattle or ' thtepitation my knowledge of the man* ipnent of such matters will be sure to hn\ to something better than stookriding or the lacrative appointment of a rous tboat hand — an overaeership or some thing of that kind ; and once i^ttled I (odd get you and the lads up somehow, and we should get on famously for a few jatn, until— well, until something better tdru up. And God is very good, old giri.' ' Well, it's wicked to say so, G xj ; but looutimei I think he has forsaken us altogether.' 'Don't say that, Mag; hr.an't he simys tamed up trumps sometime or eftsc. 8umetimes we've to make things aleMsBt for all parties. So, no ; don't tdl an, Mag— I'm an irreverent rowdy ?Id washer, I know ; but you woa't mako ai believe, that God would forsake even inch ail am* although I've forsaken him often enough — and myself too for the utter. rfthst. And look at the children ! Did j«a ever see such a set of promising cold and fillies belonging to one stable in nor life. No. darling : the very day itteU should remind us that God is good, ud, beliftve me, he'll not forsako us.' 'No, dear Guy, I didn't me in to say fat would ; but you know we've seen the night aid* of nature.' 'Tei, my dear; by Mrs. Crowe, in two vola., price half-a-crown, all about spctm and corpse lights. No, no, dar 1 lug, I know its hard enough upon you, 1 but try sad keep up your spirits, and I JmI a sort of presentiment th*t things will «ome all right after a bit. At any rate itioiuYbe my fault if they don't. Been at the bit shilling, but something haa always come to relieve us. Why, you sngratefolold woman, don't you recollect jut before Maud was born, didn't you txpeot to want the doctor every day for a * week, sad didn't I get tight throe or four ' days of the time like a brute, aad didn't fit put eff her debut until the following week on purpose? I'll wire into thu work I hare in hand now, and as much more ai they'll gire me, and then, unless some tkiig more permanent and satisfactory turn up in the meantime, I will try my experiment on the wallaby.' 'Well, Gay, if you think it best I will not try to dissuade you from it. Of eoone I shall not by any means like to loss yon for months, nor, I confess, hare I much faith in the wallaby, as you call ? 'Fine idea the wallaby, old girl, plenty of exercise, fine airy dormitories, sit* ep is the woolshed with a sheepskin for a -? Upper, and wholesome food, a pannikin ?f lour for supper and breakfast, and ?iae with Dake Humphrey ; and then *e aaenery you know, the magnificent taealypti, the graceful honeysuckle, and the wonderful sheaoak, all a blowin' and pofin' in the sunshine, while the gentle ttofog of the laughing jackass blends ?wetty with the ciwing of the crows eadtte musieal scream of tho cockatoo, ?4 the undulating emu waves her iTOt Grsoian bend in unison with the pnpinf of the saltatorial kangaroo, the *'*Py possum coils drowsily inside a Wlow stump, where nobody can find '?but the noble savage or his gentle fn, whose forms may occasionally be \- ?« gracefully squatting beneath the ' jjy'? wurley, smoking the pipe of ??aaahoa, and catching the cutaneous JJ'111**' And then the society, my ' J'''?1* *° l-9 ?q.u»W«l in the world i I**11*9*^ and originality, friendly to a nut, ?specially if you have a cheque, ™*f » season and severe, very, if you ???Ai rather top expletive, perhaps, for jjjjj* oompauy, and extremely anoc ««& The old hand will tell you how he W lagjed, the new chum, redolent of ?**M©a. wUl let you into the secrets * ?»-ucomforts; the broken-down «J1 ?* t«U of his wealthy relations, ?M the loaf«r put you up to tho boat «»oont for a fesd, and the most coin ?«4ing cacke for a midday omamby. '' (fans tints enough to talk the fcUT 1*r ^ri0119^ between thi« and V~*- *»» t t&iuk;, perhaps, tho bust Jfr* *e -** do in the mjanlime k § ttS? ?ay H1*1 the two c^Hdrou into Ml! J» 'L*nd thon h« aod hia wife wont '?wiitUe front gute, and listened to the J*»V aounds of th* mor.bund day, *««- occasionally by ,0.»e festive JWwer singing a half druakon stave, JjgJPjng of larrikinj., playfully yelli.ig 'I wonder, Guy,Maaid the wife, neitUag W» to the .Ulwart form by her aide, ' I wonder, Guy, if we shall be living like this next Christmas Day.' 'Living, I trust we shall, darling; but like this — may God in his great mercy avert, and something tells me that the wheel of fortune's going to give us a turn — hullo, that card has seen Christmas through a double glass, I think — come, my girl, let's turn ia and dream of better days.' Guy and his wife went into their hum ble dwelling, and closing the door, shut out tho dreary weary world for that night. The festive sounds gradually died out, and the echoes were awoke only by the tread of the guardians of the peace, and by the steam being got up at some of the mills and workshops. Christmas Day, 18 — , was a thing of the past. Chapter II. Guy Dalzoll came of a good old stock. The Dalzdlls traced an uninterrupted lineage, nearly as far back as the Con quest, and the family had boen renowned in almost every generation for the beauty of the women and the strong courage of the men. Most of the Dalzells who had gone out in the world had made their mark, generally for good, and there were fewer dark episodes in the Dalzell archives than soil those of most old fami lies. The large estates in England and Scotland, strictly entailed, had passed with almost unerringregularity from father to eldest son from generation to genera tion. In some few instances the eldest had been prematurely cutoff, generally in the battle-field, and in some cases the estates had passed from brother to brother, or from nephew to uncle, but it had never been necessary to look to a collateral branch for any heir to the Dal zell estates. The principal seat of the family, Scars dale Castle, now in the possession of Guy's elder brother, was a magnificent property situated near the Peak, in Der byshire, and the noble pile frowned down from rather an exalted position upon well preserved grounds and a splendid park, boasting some of the finest timber in the kingdom, and stocked with deer, and upon a smiling landscape, which was surrounded at the distance of a few miles by a most picturesque line of barren rocks and mountains. The castle itself boasted a most cosmopolitan style of architecture, from the early Norman to the Elizabethan, with several dashes of Gothic and indescribable cropping out in the most independent manner. Within, however, nothing could be more comfort able or convenient. There were rooms to please all tastes, from a curate's wife to a duchess, or the swell in the Guards, or the Oxford undergraduate, to the most severe B.A. or D.D. in existence. The hospitality had always been splendid, and the Dalzalls were proverbial for knowing how to entertain their friends. Christ mas at Scaradale was rather a good thing to enjoy, and was invariably observed with something like regal magnificence. There were one or two other small estates in England — one in Norfolk and another in Westmoreland — and a large tract of country in Scotland, with another castle, and some of the best grouse shooting and deer stalking to be met with anywhere. The Dalzalls from time immemorial had always been celebrated for Bome thing, or had done something that had given them a distinctive name, which had adhered to them through life and after death. For instance, there was one in the Dark Agea who rejoiced in the soubri quet of Dagger D&lzell;, from some deed of lawless valor which raised him in the esteem of his fellows. Darling Dalzella and Dauntless Dalzells hare been as plentiful as blackberries in season. One in more recent times rejoiced in the name of Butcher Dilzell, because upon one occasion when staying at Chilling ham, while riding in the park one day he espied one of the celebrated Chillingham herd of cattle attack an old woman. Kiding up he found it was a cow which had became infuriated at a trespasser passing near her planted calf. Going up quickly he jumped from his horse and. seized the cow by the horns as she turned to him, and by main strength throwing her, kept her down while he opened his pocket-knife, and deliberately poked and sawed about until he divided the jugular, and thus saved the old lady, to whom he gave the wholesome advice not to paas near a calf in Chillingham Park again, especially with a red cloak ou. Sir Gough Dalzell, Guy's father, had ob tained the name of Dalzell the Smasher at College, in consequence of some prowess with the fist that gave him this memorable appellation, which adhered to him through life. He had boen a perfect Hercules, just under six feet three inches in height, built m proportion, and weighing over, when in rowing condition, between 17 and 18 atone, he was not by any moans a man whom oi polloi liked to offend. In the days when he lived the noble art of self-defence was not looked down upon, as nowf in the light of a blackguard ac complishment, and Gough Dalzell had many a turn up with bargees, coalheavers, and roughs of all kinds, and even heavy weight members of the P.R., polUhing off every one of them with the greatest ease. Soon after he succeeded his father, who had been more of a town beau than a country gentleman, and had neglected the preservation of his game, Sir Gough Dalzell gave orders for the immediate reckoning up with the numerous hordes of poachers who had been living in clover for years on the proceeds of the Scars dale partridges and pheasants. This, of course, did not very much endear him to the genus poacher ; and late one night, as he was returning home from a friendly rubber with the Rector, who had been his tutor, lounging along with a cigar in his mouth, he was attacked by three half drunktin scoundrels, who had just left one of the village beershnps. Without much hesitation, Gough returned the compliment, and left the field rather mure victorious than he intended Two of the rurtjians never recovered tho drubbing, and the third was hopelessly maimed for life, his face being literally pounded an-i his jaw hopelessly broken. After that night, Gough Dalzull never struck a blour in auger, and constantly incubated forbearance to his two sons »a a yirtua gtj-%Jly to be admired, OJarfch, Guy's brother, who was some what of a prig, followed his father's advice most religiously, but he was always in hot water- - not that he was a bad tempered fellow by any means, but he had a hot temper like his father. Quick to resent an injury, he forgot it the next minute. Lady Dalzell, Guy's mother, had died in giving birth to a daughter, who sur vived her only a few days, two or three years after Guy's birith. She had been a lovely woman, tho daughter of a ducal house, somewhat haughty to her equals, but moat kind and friendly to the poor, and to all with whom she at any time came in contact. Sir Gough had loved her tenderly, and although tho oppor tunities and allurements were numerous, he never married again. He had mar ried somewhat late in life, but was still a comparatively young man when his wife died. He mourned her sincerely, and did not feel inclined to place another woman in her position. After a couple of years' travel he returned to Scarsdalo Castle, and became one of the most en thusiastic sportsmen of his day. The Scarsdale hounds were perfection ; tho shooting really sport, and he had fair success on the turf, although, leaving his racing stud, as he did, at Newmarket, under the entire supervision of his trainer, it was scarely to be expected that he should very oft-m pull off a good thing. During the hunting and Bhooting season, Scarsdalo Castle was always fall of a succession of guests, and the hospitality was unexceptionable, while the menage in town was irreproachable. The boys resided principally at Packen ham Hall, the Norfolk estate, under the care of an aunt, an elder sister of Sir Gough's, who had made somewhat of a mesalliance, and found herself at 45 a childless widow, without sufficient funds to pay for her late husband's funeral. Her brother at once came forward, although he had stood aloof during her husband's lifetime, and the above arrange ment was made, and neither Sir Gough nor the boys had auy reason to regret it. With the able assistance of an old college chum of the Baronet's as tutor, she brought the children up most judiciously until Garth was about 13 and Guy 11, in spite of the numerous and lengthy visits to Scarsdale, where the boys had rather more of their own way than was good for hem. The two lads, between whom there were only two years in all, so dissimilar in temperament, were not unlike in ap pearance, although as men the difference became more marked. Guy grew up to be a very handsome man. Not quite so tall as his father, he still possessed immense strength. Short, curly, dark chesnut hair, a splendid beard and moustache, a shade lighter in color, nose slightly aquiline, a short upper lip, and a magni ficent set of teeth. Both boys went to Eton, but when it came to going to college, it having been arranged that both should go to Oxford, Guy, much to the father's surprise, begged to be allowed to go to Cambridge. ' But, my dear Guy, all the Dalzells go to Oxford.' ' Never mind, sir,' said Guy ; ' I'm only a younger son, you know, so it doesn't matter.' 'Tush, boy; don't talk like that,' said Sir Gough, for Guy was his father's favorite. The fact was that even at school Guy had been made to feel more than ones that he was a younger brother ; and, although he had quite made up his mind, to his lot, was perfectly contented with it, and did not envy his brother his brilliant future, not having even an arriere peiisei. in his mind upon the subject, yet he keenly felt a slight ; and, thoughtful beyond his years, although gay and frivolous on the surface, he made up his mind that what ever college he 3omea he wouia oe tne Dalzell of his time, and he carried his point. Explaining his feelings honestly to his father, the old man entered fully into them, and, putting his arm as usiial over his pet's shoulder, he said — 'As you will, my boy, Trin. Coll. Cam. be it ; and mind you get a double h'rst, or win the diamond sculls, or something good.' And so Guy began life. At Cambridge he was neither idle nor industrious, but steered a middle course, and took a fair degreu ; moved in the best set of men in college, and spent more money than mo3t of them. Dalzell's wine was never quite so heady as other men's ; Dalzell's horses had fewer curbs and spavins as a rule than other men's ; Dalzell's funny stories were shorter, aid his tailor's bills larger than most men's, while ho rode harder, drank harder, and hit harder than any man of hia year, a splendid oar, never beaten at billiards, nor at the athletic business, and a general favorite withal. In the last year at College he pulled stroke in the eight until within a fortnight of the great race, but the very night before the crew were to start for Putney he couldn't resist the temptation of joining a town and gown row, and slipping badly sprained his ankle, to the horror of the entire Uni versity and to the irretrievable disgrace of the Light Blue for that year. After leaving Cambridge Guy had a ' run on the grass,' as he called it, for a few month3, and then joined the Life Guards and entered fully into all the en joy mont a and dissipations of his clasa, he managed to exceed his very handsome allowance by some thousands a year until just before the Crimean war, having had a very bad Newmarket second spring, and, having lost heavily on the Metro politan and Derby, he found himself so heavily dipped, in spite of a windfall in the snape ot a deceased aunt, the widow of a Major-General, who had cut up re markably well for him, and sundry judi ciously-applied poultices in the shape of cheques by the governor, that he found it advisable to exchange from his swell corps, and go into a line regiment ordered to the Crimea. Scapegrace as he was, the parting with hia father was very painful. He was still the favorite, and the old man said at tho last moment — ' Good bye, Guy, my buy, my boy ! Something tells me wo shall never meet again in this world, but you'll find I haven't forgotten you. Good bye, old frtllow, good bye.' ' Don't talk like that, sir,' said Guy. ' You'll live to see me out many a long day ; and as for the cash, you know 1 don't care about that, and perhaps I'll get potted over there, but if I do I'll die game, sir, and my last thought will be of you, father I' It was the first time the word had ever passed between them, and it touched both the old man and the young, and they stood and trembled with emotion in a close embrace, which Guy remembered in many a midnight watch, and many a wander ing through the world to the day of hia death. (iuy Dalzell wont through the Urimean campaign without genuine and particular glory. Ho did his duty, of course, and unnecessarily exposed himself in the search for adventure and amusement on several occasions, and was slightly wounded twice for his pains. His regiment was told off for trench work nearly the whole time of the siege, and when there wa3 a chance of a scrimmage the — th always seemed to be out of it, and they lost more men from sickness than killed by the enemy. However, if they could do nothing else, they could drink regulation rum and gin, and like a good many more during the very severe winter, he imbibed an enormous quantity of raw spirit-— a procedure which laid the foundation of his after downfall. He was not the only man whoBe light was dimmed and prospects marred by the taste for inordinate drink first acquired in the Crimea Many a bright and blythsome sub., who went sober and temperate to the Crimea, left it a con firmed drunkard. Just before the final evacuation of the Crimea by our troops Guy received news of his father's death, rather coldly con veyed to him in a letter from his brother. Ever sanguine, the blow told heavily upon Guy, whose constitution at the time was considerably impaired from meagre food and superabundant spirits. He mourned his father sincerely, and for a time kept sober and steady. Arrived in England, he obtained leave an soon as possible, with the view of running down to ocarsaaie uasue xo see his brother. Hs found, however, upon seeing his lawyers in London, that he had gone to Koine, and that, if his brother was not very solicitous as to his welfare, his creditors were remarkably so. Poor Guy had to learn something moro unpleasant than the absence of his brother Garth. He felt a sort of delicacy in asking the lawyer about his father's will. He had loved his father with an unalloyed affection, and it seemed to him desecration to talk of hia money now he was gone. The lawyer saved him the trouble, however; his name was not down in the will for a fraction more than the sum he was entitled to under the mar riage settlement. His father had written to him in one of last letters : — ' At any rate, dear Guy, rely upon it I shall not leave you depen dent upon any one. There is the £50,000, of course, and that ought to put you straight with the world, and I have made arrangements with Mould & Grubsbyfor tho purchase of a snug little place in Surrey worth about £3,000 a year. That will be yours, my boy, and with economy and a good wife, like your poor mother, you'll be able to rub along. Both you and Garth have been pretty heavy on Coutta'a — Garth more so than people would believe ; and J have been more ex travagant than 1 ought, so that one thing and another I am not bo well off as I ought to be, or I'd do better for you, my boy, but you must take the will for the deed, and rest contented with what I can do.' But the arrangement with Mould and Grubsby was never carried out. Two or three days before the deeds were to have been, signed, Sir Gough. Dalzellfell finally asleep — his last words, and he had not spoken for hours, being 'Poor Guy, poor Guy,' uttered with a wailing pathos, which grated somewhat harshly on the ear of the elder brother. G ay's comment upon it was short and characteristic. 'Poor old fellow,' he said, ' how he must have felt it ! I wish I'd been there, sir.' And his thoughts of his father were never more tender than at that moment. Guy wasn't the sort of man to lie down and be kicked. He was young and ardent, and knew but little of the work a-day world and its ways. ' 1 must sell out,' he said ; 'I can't afford the army now. I must go to Australia and try slieepfarming or gold digging ; yes, that's it — ' Dalzell, the Digger.' ' Guy had a sort of intuitive idea that an application to his brother for assist ance would have been met with coldness, so that, although his brother's influence might have greatly assisted him, he refrained from even a hint of such a thing. His arrangements were soon made. There was still a considerable balance lying at Cox's — the difference between the two commissions when he exchanged, and £50,000 was lying to his credit at Coutts's ; do Guy placed his affairs in the hands of Mould and Grubsby and sold out of the army. In about three months' time he found himself out of debt, and with £11,500 to his credit with which to begin the world. This was somewhat different to what he had at one time expected ; but he wouldn't lo.»k back, his mind was entirely made up. Within a month he had made all his arrangements, and, running down to Scarsdale, where his brother now was, he abruptly anuounced his intention of emigrating to Australia. Sir Garth did not press him to remain, and in a couple of days he left the home of his forefathers for London, and was on the sea in a week on his way to seek his fortune, and meet his fate in the golden land of Australia. Chapter III. ' Arrived in Sydney, Guy soon dis covered that he had plenty of acquaint ances. His namo having appeared amongst the arrivals, he found heaps of cards anl invitations awaiting him at Potty's after his tirat ramble through the streets of the oldest Australian city. Guy thought he had made up his mind to begin lifo in earnest as soon as ho I landed in the colony, but h 9 found Sydney a very pleasant placo, and the Sydney people very kind and hospitable. Ex pecting to havo to rough it rather than not, he was somewhat surprised to find himself waltzing night after night in well appointed drawing-rooms to the same waltzes he had heard just before leaving the old country, and with partners who could do the deux temps rush with quite as much promptitude as the partners he had been accustomed to at home — partners who could actually talk, and who, although most religiously impressed with Guy Dalzell himself, didn't appear to be at all impressed with him because ho was Guv Dalzell. late of the Life Guards — but because he was a jolly fellow and all that sort of thing. The consequence was that Guy lingered longer in Sydney than he should have done, and when at last he made up his mind to go to Moreton Bay, he carried many pleasant recollections of his sojourn with him. Arrived at a sheep-station on the Darling Downs he soon set to work to gain the ' colonial experience ' necessary to fit him for a sheepfarmer, a pursuit which under advice ho intended to follow. For a time all went as it should ; but here again Guy met congenial companions, and trios to Ioswich and Brisbane, en livoned by frequent and very jolly dances and picnics and riding parties, soon extended to trips to Sydney, and the time went on, and the £11,000 gradually melted. It had been Guy's intention to push out into the Wide Bay district, and taking up country, to stock it with sheep and cattle ; but procrastination walked into capital, and at the end of four years Guy had not become a squatter as he ought to have done, and found that his pass book only showed hundreds to his credit instead of thousands. ' Welljp I've enjnyed myself, and I've spent the money myself,' said Guy to himself, |( so there's nobody to blame but myself — And there's nothing broke yet.' Guy had many friends, and would, have found no difficulty now in getting an appointrnfent in the Government service ; but he * preferred independence, and started as an orerlander from the Darling Downs to Deniliquin, and for some years he made money, as he said, hand over fist ; but it was light come — light go. Melbourne and Sydney soon eased his purse ; so that ten years after his arrival in the colpny he found himself with very small figures indeed to his credit at tho Bank. Then hia tried the diggings, and was at Ballarat quring its best and most stirring time. Again he was fortunate, but he didn't seem to know how to keep money. Such fun as fiere was to be had Guy enjoyed, and fun was expensive at Balla rat in those days, especially to a 'swell ' digger, aijd he left it no richer than he went there. ' About this time he tried exploring for a change* and any one else but Guy would have made a fortune at the game. There was a great demand for new coun try at thej time, and Guy discovered and tendered jfor large tracts o\ fine pasture land at t»ie back of the Darling ; but he neglected his own interests, let the day go by for paying deposits^ and others benefitted; by his perseverance and pluck. Disgusted with himself and tired of the bush, ho then went to Sydney, and for some tim0 supported himself very well with his pen, and having been caught by a pretty face, determined to| turn steady and marry. Margaret D&shmore; waft the only daughter of a barrister, w 10 had died leaving his wife and one chil 1 very badly provided ^pr. The widow soon followed him, and Miss Dashmore was left to struggle with the world as best she might. Almost friendless, she was g ad to accept a situation tosj&rveinalargeclonfectioner;'s establishnisnt m George-stret t,and it was here that i Juy 'had first seen ner — a pretty little graceful girl, with rich brown hair and dark brown eyes, a mos; bewitching mouth, anl a manner both ladylike and winning. Guy was; always a gentlem; n, and a real handsome one into the barga in. He saw that Marg iret Dashmore was a lady, and . never ann-yed her with tho absurdities which mot t men are in the 1 abit of talk ing to barn aids and shopgirls He having found out her history, resol red to make her his wi e, and they were i larried. She had had her slight m. sgivings be fore she be came Guy's wife, i nd she soon found thai , although he wi s kind and loving, his proclivities were i ny thing but domestic. Accustomed all h s life to mix with his f llowa and to enjoy life in a roystering jovial kind of waj , Guy, after the novelqy wore off, found staying at home in th 3 evening soraewl at irksome. Sometimes he iook his wife to the theatres and other amusements that were going on, but the time soon came v hen she was uaable to |go out to that ki|id of thing, and in dub cohrae a daughter was born. At first hjs li|tlo girl kept Suy steady, and for a iev. months he ' ras a model husband s nd father ; but again the novelty wo -e off, and he reti rned to the old racket! r ways, dining at ? mess,' or with some iterary acquaintal ce, billiard playing, oi making a night of it with some of t le many theatric il atars who passed thrpugh Sydney on 1 heir way to seek their j fortunes — going, in fact, to Bohemia o ice more. Time w- tvt on, and Guy's little girl sickened ai d died. This wa a sad blow to both hus band and wife ; b' t time still went on, nd consolation c ime in the form of a boy. The worl- I meantime was not usingj Guy so well as he could wish. Bills Began to accn nulate, and employment grew scarce ; still (iuy struggled on manfully, and ra maged with economy ai d industry to clej r off all his liabilities a id to re-establish himself as it were. 1 nother daughter was born to him, and h ) and his wife were tolerably happy and ;orafortable. Some evil spirit, however, S' emed to brood over Guv. and ore night pite^ tho opera hs undid the work of months, losing at e arte a great deal more thanjhe could pay This un toward event Aad a marked effect upon Guy ; he became more carelet % than ever, drank mord and worked less. Bad luck attended tJim in all he undertook ; he met with a serious accident] which laid him up for months, and ma le him to a certain extent a cripple for life. Two more children were born to lim, and ha saw tho necessity at last of turning his attention to some kind of employment which would be more satisactory than that which he was following. By the advice of a frieud who gave him letters of introduction heleftSyd-. ney for Adelaide, where he had been a . .. couple of years or so when this storr opens. Another boy had been born, and ,7 matters had been anything but easy. People would not put up with Guys independent and rather festive ways. He had an unfortunate knack of rubbing the fur the wrong way, and lost the good will of many people who were inclined to do him a kindness by a sarcastic remark: v or a rather too personal joke. . i There was no doubt he might have - been in a very different position if he t had played his cards oeiter. ne naa had the ball at his foot in Adelaide aa he had had it in many other places, but he liad failed to kick it, or he had kicked it . too hard, and the game had gone against , him. He had felt the pinch of poverty latterly, and had several times been in the position of not knowing where the next week's victuals were to come from for his wife and little ones. This had . opened his eyes to his position, and he had at last made up his mud to live more for his family than for himself. He saw his boyar and girls growing apace, beautiful children all of them, and he said to himself that he must put bis - shoulder to the wheel, and bring them up -. aa they ought to be brought up. He - saw that his young wife, so bright and . gay a few years since, was fast losing those good looks which he had prized so much at first, and he determined to turn over a new leaf. There was yet time to retrieve the past if he could only get into the right groove again, and he would do it come what might. The motto of the Dalzells was ' Dare and do,' and he was not the man to flinch from his work. Time went on, and Guy met with the reward which steadiness of purpose was sure to bring in time. He obtained far more profitable employment than he had had for a long time, but people were still chary of employing him. They had lost faith in the reality of his good in tentions, and although outwardly the good people of Adelaide were disposed to set themselves down as rather a shade more ' goodey people' than the average to ba met with throughout the colonies, to say nothing of the outside world, yet they were scarcely so far gone in philan thropic samaritanism as to chance sacri ficing their private interests for the benefit of a cynic or a half reclaimed reprobate, as they were pleased in the abstract to class poor Guy. Thus it was that he did not find him self so well re-established in the good opinion of those who had the power to assist him an he had somewhat foolishly hoped. And thus it was that time still went on, and Guy finished the work he had in hand ; but was not so fortunate as to obtain any more so profitable, and at the latter end of June he had made up his mind to start on hia journey on the wallaby. Quixotic journey his wife called it, but not so, Guy. He had a Bort of presenti ment that his luck was about to turn. 'I'll make those soft brown eyes of yours light up again yet, Maggie, my girl,' he said the night before he started. ' I be lieve they're brighter now than they were six months ago.' ' Yes, dear Guy, since you've been so steady. Although we have been poor, I've been happy and contented. I don't want wealth, Guy ; I want you, and you know you always stay with u* when yon are steady. Oh, 1 could be content to live on crusts of bread all my life, if you wore always as you have been since Christ mas.' 'God bless you, darling. I'm steady as a rock now, old girl. You have a few pounds in the house to keep the wolf away for a few months, and if my experi ment does not produce the result which my idea of physiological chemicals leads me to suppose it will, we shall be very little worse off than we are now. so keen youE»' pecker' up, little woman; this is our last night together for many months, perhaps ; so let's be jolly, and go in and amuse the children' Guy found it easy enough to amuse the children, but being jolly was not so easy. He and his wife had never been parted for more than a few days since their marriage, and try to banish the idea as much as they might, they found it moie difficult to put a jolly face on the picture than they thought possible. Had the surroundings been different, perhaps the parting would not have been so bitter, but as it was, neither liked the idea of the morrow's episode. The morrow came, however, and with it the inevitable good-bye. The hardest work Guy ever had in his life was thai parting with wife and children without fairly breaking down. It was over at last, however, and al though Guy had tried to believe in the presentiment of better days, he didn't start upon his journey with, quite so jaunty an air as he could have wished. Chapter IV. Once fairly on the road, however, the outside influences soon had the effect of banishing his gloomy thoughts. Starting by one of Cobb's early coaches, in order to get fairly into the bush bejore he really took his swag upon his back, the cold morning air of the hills soon in vigorated him, and Guy lighting his pipe, determined to look forward instead of back, and to attain the end he had hi view whatever obstacles he might meet with. Leaving the coach after a few miles, he shouldered his swag manfully, and crossing the Murray at that great em porium for sand — Wellington — -he plunged at once from swelldom into the wallaby track. The Coorong is not a very livery part of the world at any time, and Guy did not meet with much inducement to linger by the way. Under other circum Btances, perhaps, he might have been induced to patronise the sly grog-shops or the not over-enticing 'hotels' which cropped up at intervals through the desert. The weather was wet and sloppy, and the road a weary one to travel. There was nothing in the way of picturesque landscape to enliven the solitary travelW* Occasionally a few architectural phan)nn supposed to be mail horses, wand«g the search of a precarious meaLj^d abori sandhills ; or a party of brought into gines shifting quartewfo utter deao raore prominent x^r lation of tho scene, without in any way ' raising the spirits of the spectator, or impressing him with the vastness of the resources which are supposed to be the speciality of South Australia. Goal didn't, sprout out of every wayside cre vice, nor were there any indications that anybody had 'struck ile.' Even the kerosine lamps at the so-called accom modation-houies burned with a dim reli gious light, more like that of a ' slush' lamp than what might have been ex pected in a district supposed to rival Ohio in the richness of its mineral oik. 'NVif. f-yi Vut AamtPammaA Iiiwavmi flnir plodded on, and making his way to Border Town he penetrated into' what is popularly known on the wallaby as the ' Morlee.' Here he began to look in earnest for em ployment, but did not find the golden key to fortune hanging upon any mallee bush on his way. ' Hands' were re markably plentiful, and settlers appa rently by no means impressed with the absolute necessity of giving employment to everybody who asked for a job. Food was supplied cheerfully in most instances to the hordes of 'travellers' or 'specimens,' as they are sometimes called.. Scores sometimes assembled at a station at night, and expected and re ceived free and plenty. A great tax this is on we squatter, but he is utterly help less. Feed all comers he must. Cer tainly there are some few of what the travellers term '* hungry1* ones, who will not give the usual supper and breakfast ; but they never gain anything by their economy, and their work is never cheerfully done, and they never have the best men. Good men never like working on a station where travellers are not entertained. There is a certain Free masonry amongst bushmen, and they are always willing to make sacrifices to supply their brethren of the wallaby track with the necessaries of life. Them is very little to be said in favor of men whose self respect is so small as to allow them to go through the country ' cadging' for food for weeks, but it seems to bs looked upon as a matter of course, and although the squatters of the South-East and the Western District of Victoria have several times held meetings to hit upon a plan to lessen the evil, yet they do not appear to have succeeded. The wallaby track is still an institution, and is likely to remain so for some time to come. Through the mallee scrub, past Mount Aripeles, on to the Wimmera trudged Guy, ever trying hard to obtain employ ment ; «p and down, and in and out, sometimes camping out and sometimes sleeping in the travellers' usual dormi tory, the wool shed— hard bed and harder fare : still he trashed nn manfnliv. Tho few pounds he had brought with him were gradually dwindling away, for Guy bought his 'tucker' wherever he could, and although he didn't lose heart exactly he began to have less faith in his boots than he had whenhe firatstarted on the wallaby. Once he missed a good job because his education had been so frightfullyneglected, as he said, that he could not make bricks. His appearance was against him with most of the matter-of-fact settlers whom he asked for employment. He had too inuoh the look of a broken-down swell to suit their taste. ' Bush lawyer' was the usual remark about Guy ; ' don't want any of his sort on my station.' And so ho still continued his weary march. It was seldom thai he had to tramp by himself, not so frequently, indeed, as he wished. (Jompanions were plentiful, but not always exactly to Guy's taste. Much as he might admire the institutions of the world for the correction of criminals, still he did not always desire the com panionship of those whose manumission permitted of their discussing the various methods pursued in those institutions to gain the desired object, or speculate upon the easiest method of enjoying the good and bad things of this life, without work ing for them. Men who had graduated in almost every sphere were at times Guy's com panions; men from every walk of life, who had gradually sunk to be confirmed dipsomaniacs, degraded and pitiable ob ject*, doomed apparently to live on the wallaby track for seven or eight months of the year, depending upon the charity of thes quatters for sustenance, working the other four or five during the shearing season, and employing perhaps a week to knock down the cheque so earned at some celebrated bush shanty or public-house, where the liquor is more adapted for the purpose of a Marchioness of Brinvilliers than for Christian men to drink for pleasure. Other men of course he met, honest, hardworking bushmen who took their victuals at the various stations they were compelled to visit, because they knew that it was cheerfully given, for no squat ter grudges a meal to the real bush hand who can and will do a fair day's work for a fair day's wage : but while he met the loafing class again and again, the real bushmen were never long on the wallaby. Time wont on, and Guy wandered into regions quite unknown to him, until one evening towards the latter end of August, he found himself at the well-ordered homestead of the wealthy, but rather fast and eccentric, Mr. Melton Harbury. Everything about the station pointed to the fact that however apparently eccen tric, tne oirner knew how to manage a grazier's business. All the buildings were substantially built of stone. The huts appropriated to the working hands were fitted up with every commensurate com fort. Stables, stored, stockyards, gardens, fences— everything, in fact, was in good order, and nothing appeared out of place. ' I must try and get on here,' said Guy to himself. ' This place looks com fortable. Eccentric, is he ? I wonder how I'll manage to get the blind side of htm. I won't think about it, but let the moment point the moral. Following in the wake of some score of 'speci- mens,' Guy at last presented himself be fore the woalthyjsqu*tter, who was evi dently amusing himself by taking a ' rise ' out of the men as they came to put the usual questions, ' Want any 'ands, sir ? Can 1 stop to-night, sir i' 'C*n yon give a cove a job, sir r said Guy, taking his cue from the apparent temper of the man. ** Don't know. What can you do i' ' Well, if I tell you, I expect you won't believe me, sir. There's no end to rny accomplishments, if you can only find them out. I can shear a sheep, or play pin pool, drive a team of bullocks, split posts and rails, or divide the House, plant potatoes, or play the piano — in fact, I can do everything that anybody else can do, and what's more to the purpose, perhaps, I can do as I'm told, and mind my own business.' ' Look here, mate,' said Mr. Harbury, ' I don't think we are either of us quite such fools as our appearance might Itad the unwary to suppose. Just come into my office for a moment.' And he led the way to a private sanctum where he transacted his most important business. Closing the door — ' Now then,' he said, ' take a seat. It doesn't , require much of Lavater's wisdom to see that you are a gentleman, in spite of moleskin and chaff, and I fancy you haven't roughed it much as yet. Am I right 1' ' Not far wrong, sir.' ' Well, I think I can put something in your way if you can do it. Do you know much of station work.' 'Oh, yes,' said Guy ; and he explained as fully as he thought necessary his ex perience of the bush. 'Well, then,' said the squatter, '.I have a better opinion of human nature than most people, and I am inclined to think you would not abuse such confi dence if I trusted you.. Is it so ?' . ' I should be an unmitigated cad if I did,' said Guy. 'Right. Now I'm rather in a fix for a man to manage the shed. 1 had to get rid rather suddenly lately of 'mv super. in consequence of some unpleasant oc currences, and the gentleman who has taken his place is a relative of mine, who* has only just arrived from England, and knows as much about shearing as I do about Scotch navigation, so that if you are competent to take charge of the shear ing floor, I'll give you £5 a week ; and if you suit me, possibly I may be able to find you something permanent.' ' By George, Sir, this is very kind of you. On my honor I feel more pleased' at the confidence than the screw, and God knows that is very, very acceptable.' ' Glad to hear you say so. Very good, it's a bargain, then. Now the first thing is about some clothes. I'll give you an advance, and you can go to the township and .buy some. I'll draw a cheque at once, and you can go to-night. What's the name ? No false pride, you know ; give me the real name, there's no disgrace in being hard up, though hundreds foolishly think so, and give fictitious names in consequence. Now, then, out with it, man.' ' Guy Dalzell's my name.' 'Surely,' said Mr. Harbury, throw ing down his pen, and leaping from his chair, 'not the brother of the Scarada'e Dalzell, son of Dalzell the omasher. 'The same.' ' Why Garth wag my great chum at College.' . * ' And you nearly wrecked one another's peace for life for the sake of a ' Not a word about her, Mr. Dalzell she's dead, and although perhaps she didn't deserve it, we both loved her too well. Poor girl, we've both forgiven her and one another. Not a word more. Strange that' I never met you before. I've heard of you often enough — Guy Dal zell, of the Life Guards. Why, you're the man that thrashed the bargee where they eat the puppy pies at Marlow Bridge?' 'I'm afraid so.' ' And drove tandem through Swan and Edgar's, and rode a red cow up and down Rotton. Bow in full regimentals, helmet and jack boots and all, in the height of the London season. ' Guilty, my Lord, barring the helmet and jack boots. Guilty of that and many other follies, which I don't care much to look back upon.' ' Well, Dalzell, I'm very glad indeed to know you, and although sorry for the manner of our introduction to one another, it will afford me great pleasure to be the means of putting you on your feet. My poor old governor and yours were great friends at one time, but by the same fatality which separated your brother Garth and myself, they did not see much ot one another m after life. They both loved the same woman. Your mother, Lady Gough Dalzell, was my father's first love ; but he stood no chance with Dal zell the Smasher, and he stood aside. Afterwards he married my mother, and a happier couple never lived. I had all this from my mother, who is still living, hale and hearty, thank God. Strange that we should come together like this. I believe I had heard that you were in the Australias somewhere, and had like manv more disappeared in the crowd.' By Jove, this makes things so much easier to manage, don't you know. Let me see how its to be done. In the meantime we'll just wash out the cobwebs,' and Mr. Harbury promptly produced the materials for that festive operation. After the prescription had been dulv made up and administered he continued, ' I have it! Just the thing. We are as near the same size and build apparently as to answer tho purpose ; and as good iuck nas it tor once, I have some new clothos that I've never opened in the house, and a portmanteau full which I left at the Kulweyarrina Township on my way up. No one here has seen any of them, so that they won't fancy you are wearing mine, and we'U soon have another lot up from Melbourne. You must do the swell business with Hastings, my nephew and manager that is to be, and if it should leak out that you were on the wallaby, anywhere beyond the men's hut, we can easily concoct a story to account for it. Come into my room and do the grand transformation scene. Shave the beard, and come out in Piccadilly weepers. You must start to- night for Kulweyarrina. My black boy Robin is as true as steel ; he shall meet you on the lower road, at the bottom of the cultivation paddock, with * Dugg7 and pair, and the day after to morrow you will return. I shall prepare everybody for your arrival, and although possibly some of the men and neighbors who have seen you will puzzle their brains about you, trust me we'll hood wink the lot.' The arrangement was soon made, and the metamorphosis being complete, very few would have token the well- groomed swell who took his seat and the reins in Mr. Harbury's buggy for the footsore swagman who asked for a job a couple of hours previously. It was a long drive to Kulweyarrina, the bush track, too, was heavy, and it was well on into the small hours when Guy drove up to the door of the hotel. Harbury had provided him with a fist full of notes for incidentals, so that he felt but little delicacy in knocking up the landlord and indulging in a somewhat extensive but indigestible supper, which he began to feel the want of, for in the hurry both he and his new friend had entirely forgotten the utility of the solids. Rising somewhat late, Guy proceeded to make some necessary purchases and arrange matters, so as to bury the swag man without 'benefit of clergy. ' Although considerably excited by the events of the last few hours, he did not forget to write to his wife, and, enclosing a few notes, to guardedly tell her that at last he thought he saw his way to a billet to suit him. AU his arrangements being made, he retired to rest at a very early hour, intending to start for the station at 3 o'clock on the following moraine. Chapter V. Punctual to the minute Robin brought round the buggy, and Guy was soon on his way back to Cultowara, as Mr. Har bury's run was called. A few hours drive brought him to the house, and he found Mr. Harbury awaiting his arrival under the spacious verandah, with a fair haired young fellow, got up without the slightest regard either to expense or the surroundings. He was the very type of the fledgling swell to be met with at all hours in the haunts of the genus at the West- End of London, and certainly just about the Tioat incongruous element of the scone in which he was now an actor. 'How are you, Dalzell? I've been expecting you for some days. Allow me. My nephew, Gus Hastings— Guy Dalzell. Kupw one another now ; come in Dal zell; just time to dress for dinner; half past six now. We dine at seven Bharp. I'll show you your room, here you are. FulJ dress, old man, we always do it, can't forget, you know. Don't think I've dined unless I have a black coat on.' Mr. Melton Harbury was a man who know how to enjoy life, and did it so far as he was able to do so. He usually re sided in Melbourne, with Mrs. Harbury and his daughters, but occasionally he took a turn on his magnificent station, where he had lived many years and made money, never forgetting, however, in that mercantile occupation that he was a -gentleman and his wife a lady. The ap pointments and routine of his mansion were always correct, and although far away in the wild Australian bush, as much attention was paid to the little amenities of life as if it were situated in Belgravia or South Yarra. The three men, each having the stamp of aristocrat indelibly branded upon him, although in different styles, sat down to and enjoyed an unexceptionable little dinner, served to perfection, and chatted pleasantly while enjoying it, although the elder men smiled inwardly at the recently imported swelldom of the younger, who had so thoroughly identified himself with the haw haw mannerism of some of his class that he couldn't speak without a lisp and a drawl. On Harbury mentioning that Guy had lately resided in Adelaide, ' Aw,' said Hastings, ' Adelaide ; and know the Guvna Musgrave. Course you were in first circle ; that kind of thine, aw?' ' Well,' said Guy, ' I know the Go vernor by sight, certainly ; but about the first [circle I don't know. I wan never agent to a travelling circus, if that's what you mean.' ' Had you there, Gus,' said Har bury. ' Dunno, I'm shaw, what you mean ; strikes me, wum fish.' They spent a very pleasant evening to gether, in spite of occasional chaff, and it was very late before the seance was brought to a close. Before they parted for the night Mr. Harbury said to Guy, 'Now I want you, to have a talk with the shearers in the morning. A pound a hundred I shall give, and I leave you to draw the agreement for them to sign, with such provisions as you consider neces sary.' Perhaps he did not express his wish quite so clearly as this, for the claret was good, and so was the dry sillery. They i«_j] i*nit. i ? i_^j ii ? i_ _ ? i ? 3 ? it u»u uum iuujieu mrouga a glass uariuy quite as often during the evening as they need, and Guy was nearly forgetting to tell his host of one little matter which he thought should be mentioned at once. 'Oh,' he said, 'Harbury, those notes, yon know ; I took the liberty of sending ten to my wife and children, so I shan't be able to return so much as I should, but you will kindly debit me with the amount, won't you ?' ' Married, are you ?' By George, if I'd known it, I'd have made you send more than that, old boy ; but we'll talk about that to-morrow, I'm getting — night, night — old Her — night, night.' The two men shook hands heartily, and Guy was alone. Sitting down before the dressing- tablo, he began leisurely to undress. The events of the past two days had been of so startling a character, and the glimpse of prosperity vouchsafed to him so un expected, that he had scarcely realised his position until he now found himself aione m so very ainerent a aornutory to those he had lately been accustomed to. Now, however, the thing struck home. Guy wsa by no means what is generally considered to be meant by a religious man. All his life he had been fast, and perhaps a little lax in his morals. He had never gone in for the whited sepulchre business, but for all that he was not a bad nor a wicked man. ' By Jove, youknow'soliloquised Guy, ' God is good. Didn't I tell poor Maggie so ? Look here, Guy, you're an ungrateful old miscreant. Here you are, with the best chance of prosperity for life you ever had, and the jolliest little wife in creation to help you to enjoy it, and, you improvident old beggar, you've never thanked God for it yet. Down on your knees, sir, and do it at once, f But I'm half tight. I wonder if V 9 j would accept the thanksgiving of 'a fellow like me ; a prodigal— yes, a prodigal.' Guy Dalzell rose from his chair ; a change seemed to have'come over him as he spoke. Walking to the bedside, he fell on his knees, and buried his face in the clothes. Never was a more fervent and heartfelt thanksgiving poured forth than that which Guy then silently offered up to his Maker. When he arose all traces of the recent epicurism had disappeared, and Gny slept as happy a* a child, and dreamed of his dead father, and his darling Maggie, and his children. Pleasant dreams, ab ruptly broken in upon by Mr. Harbury's cheery voice asking him if he should send for the doctor. Brea'ifast over, Mr. Harbury said, ' Now, Dalzell, for business. All the shearers have arrived that were engaged. They'll be down in the bookkeeper's office at 10 o'clock, so if you'll draw up an agreement they can sign it ; get their shears and so forth and be ready for a commencement to-morrow. I've ordered a flock of old ewes to be at the shed to-night, for them to flash their maiden tomahawks upon.' The bookkeeper's office was a long brick building, which had once been used as a store, but a f*4 more im posing structure had been built for that purpose, and this being too good to be taken down, was converted to its present use. At one end was a small table and desk, with two or three chairs, an iron safe, and some bookshelves, other wise the room was unfurnished with the exception of a couple of forms at either side. A little before ten Guy seated him self at the table, having Mr. Harbury, Gus Hastings, an overseer, and the storekeeper grouped at his back. The shearers, numbering 18 stalwart men, shortly after came in, and Mr. Harbury explained to 4hem that Mr, Dalzall would have full charge of the shed, and that his fiat with reference to all matters re lating thereto would be final. 'And I believe,' said he, ' he has something to say to you.' ' Now,' my men,' said Guy, ' I've no doubt we shall get on together as right as, a pie. I've drawn up an agreement, which: I expect you to sign. You can read it, but these are the main points ; £1 a hundred, but I must have the wool off. I don't want you to rip and quarter, but I won't pay for tomahawking. If a man's shearing don't suit I dock the pep. I shan't nag at him all day. No smoking or bad language in the shed. You may condemn the eyes of your cook, and litho fracteurise the limbs of his mate down at the hut as much as you please, but in the shed you must be as gentle as boarding-school misses, or I dock the day's shearing. Perhaps you'll read the agreement Mr. Maxwell (turning to the storekeeper), and then as you sign, just give me your names. They all seemed satisfied, and the first man came up to sign. Knowing the advantage of being on good terms with his men, while know ing, exactly where to stop, Guy was full of mild chaff. ' You forgot to sing out your name, old man,' Baid he. ' Michael Brady, Sor.' ' How do you spell the surname — Saw or Sor 1' 'Sure there's no sor at all, Sor.' ' Ah ! I see ; only a rum old file. Right — next man.' 'John Smith.' ' By jove ! that's an uncommon name ; I knew a man of that name in' London ever so long ago. He kept a tripe and trotter shop in Chickabiddee-lane, and used to sing Giles Scroggrins's Ghost to a tambourine accompaniment. Might I ask if you're any relation ? No ? Sorry for that, I could have brought the tear of sympathy to your brimming eye by recounting some of the domestic episodes of that happy family, brought up, as they were, on biled tripe and tambourines. But, never mind. Next man ' — 'James Boswell.' ' The biographer, of course ?' ' No, sir ; I'm a cockatoo,' ' Mind you feather your nest, then, this trip. Now, then'— and so Guy went on, raising a smile with each, till a tall dark-f6atured Irishman gave the name of 'James Monaghan.' 'Nojrelation to Monaghan, the Tas manian women and children murderer, I hope,' said Guy. The man changed color suddenly to an ashv srrev. and darted a suanieirms look at Guv. Dalzell had a very retentive memory and quick apprehension. Seeing the man's emotion, the description which be had read somewhere of the miscreant Jlonaglian, who had long eluded the vigilance of the police, and who was one of the most atrocious ruffians unhung, flashed across his mind, and allowing for the lapse of time, seemed to tally with tho man before him. ' By the living God it's the very man,' said he, jumping up ; ' nail him, my men.' Quick as thought Monaghan drew a revolver, and levelled it at Guy's head before any one could approach him. With equal promptitude Guy seized a ruler, which was lying on the table, and with tho rapidity of lightning struck the wretch's wrist, smashing it frightfully with the blow. The pistol dropped upon the table, one chamber exploding as it fell, the ball just grazing Guy's hip. J Seizing tho pistol, ' It's my turn npw,' said he, approaching the man ; ' the game's up ; you may as well cave in at once.' ' Never alive, by the Etarnal,' Baid Monaghan ; and drawing a spring dagger from his belt with his left hand, he ru ihed at (iuy. ' Stand back, scoundred ! No ? Then take it,'' said Guy, and drawing the trig ger of the ruffian's own revolver, he shot him through the brain. Leaping a foot into the air the wretch fell a corpse at Guy's feet. The whole scene had been enacted in so short a time, or had so paralysed the faculties of all but the chief actors in it that no one had moved until the tragedy was complete. Then all rushed forwjard. ' By Heaven, Dalzell, that was a neat thing,' said Harbury ; ' do you really think that's the man ?' 'Sure of it now,' said Guy. 'Poor devil, I'm sorry I had to settle with him ; but shooting was too good for him, Mr. Harbury.' 'Yes, if Ihtfi Uw feal T^snanian1 Monaghan; but what «ad» him give has right name?** ?:?-'. I *' Double cunning,' said Guy. 'I warrant he had heard his own atrocities talked over many a time, and pretended to regret that his name should be the same as that of such1 a scoundrel. Then, turning to the men, he said, 'Bather an unpleasant beginning lads, bat you sa# I ooold Hot help myself, mad I should like yon to say that you con sider I was right.** They all seemed to acquiesce but one man, a heanly-built down-looking fellow, who seemed anything bat pleased at the: transaction. ; ? i \ ' Yoa don't seem to agree wtthjne^my friend ?' said Guy. . 'No,' said the fellow, ' you ought to. leave that sort of business to the traps.'- \ 'Ah, well, I suppose I can't please every one. You had] better send for the police, Mr. Harbury, and the, nearest J.P. Mr; Maxwell, would you JtiHflly St a rug or something to coyer the poor tlow. Now, my men, let us complete our business, and think as little as pos sible of this unfortunate transactisn.' Upon the arrival of the police the que - turn of identity was easily settled upon the examination of the body, ujp6n wbioh were marks exactly tallying with the de scription in the Crime 'Report of those whidh Were Oh Monighaii, for whom a reward of £500, living or dead, had been some years previously offered'. '''GaY, however, declined to touch the reward. He -found it .very difficult to rally his spirits for the remainder of the day,, although he could hot well hare acted, differently; , Taking human life even in : self-defence is ho very pleasant ihtng ; and although the man Guy had shot richly deserved to have been hanged; yet he did not like having beeti the- instru ment of his punishment. The work 'of the (station -had- to gj on fa spite of the tragedy, and on the j ollowing day shear ing commenced, and, is not at all an un common occurrence, 1 ,11 the men tried to what extent the Superintendent would allow them to go in t te way of slumming ? their work. To th - astonishment of Mr.' Harbury,-and of the shearers them* selves; Guy ftllowec t&am; to 'toma- hawk' the sheep to- tl tei* hearts' -«mtenty and make something wonderful ia- the way of tallies. ; r. Mr. Harbury** pat ience couldn't stand it at last, and- in tl a evening he men tioned the matter to -uy. ' ?? ? : '?? ': 'Ail right,' said Guy, ^wait.-tin morning. I mean t- leave the sheep at the sheds till mornifig, when they .will look -twice as bad as they do now, and? then you shall see ihy' plan. I'll beta new' hat we ehall hfire no more toma hawking thirseason.'' . : la the morning; bjsfore shearing com menced, he, called all hands out , (o 'iW yards where the shejep were. ';NoWf't said he, *' don't ; you ! consider : yourselves^ a nice lot of sheare-s; don't those un^ happy old! eyres look nicely shorn? Quite 'pinkeif,' arh't they1! Do you take me for a griffin or a mw~chttm? Novrits scaBceljr fair that Mr. Hatfniry should W] the only loser by y i -ur bad work;' so: I; shall just dock each inan, half his day's work, and next tin* I see' a sheep in a* man's pen with the !aintest trace of 'the tomahawk upon it I shall not count -the ' pen at all. Now 3 ou can go in and? begin.'- ? : : ' - ? :.-.:.. ' I shan't shear ho more sheep if that's the game, ' said the same : man who was the dfssentaent about Monaghan's death, whose name was Mar in, and rejoiced in: the soubriquet of ' 1 Jhoke-era.' '?' ?''= ' Uh^ yes, you wil , my new acquaint ance,' *aid Guy, 'at d you'll shear them well, jftecollect tl e agreement you signed.! Not an'othe: wora^,go on with jrourwork. I shall itand neither cheek nor nonsense.'' ' ' ! After this : the she iring went on in a satisfactory manner, 'the only man who attempted to impose being 'Choke- em,' who did his best to tget dis-r charged, btit GFuy took a delight -in- thwarting him. This man was a perfect pest on the station, and quarrelled with, every one who would quarrel' with Jlim, and being an immensely powerful man: he bullied all his associates in the most brutal manner.' Scarcely a! day passed1 without his giving somebody a black eye, and Mr. Harbury bogged Guy to get. rid of him. '1 All right,' said Guy ; 'let me give him a little more rope.' r The next day, 'Choke-em,' toma hawked sp much, that itfetead cf having his tally of 110 sheep booked, Guy de clined to count a- si igle sheep \o him. Consequently, he lose all command of himse^, and. commenced to curse and blaspheme in the most atrocious manner. ' Leave the shed, you scoundrel,' said Guy, 'and the station the first thing in the' morning.' I ' ? 44 Will you pay mefo? these sheep W said Choke-em, approaching Guy. ' ' ? ' Not a shilling,' 4as the reply. ' Then, take that]' said he, and he made a stab at Guy with a pair of shears which he had in his hand. Warding off the blow with his left, Guy let Mm have it with the right on his jaw a crushing, blow, and the ruffian dropped all of a heap like a bundle of iirty clothes. His jaw was badly smashed, but no one pitied him, and he was carted away shortly, after to the township for the purpose of seeing the doctor, with his cheque ur hi* pocket. ???? 'That's the second narrow squeak,' said! Mr. Harbury, who with Gas Hast ings happened to be present. ' By Jove ! that served the brute right.' 'I shouldn't like you to try experi ments on my jaw.' said Hastuus. ' Stwikes me you hit pwecious hard.' That evening there was a dinner parly at Mr. Harbury's, and just as the soup was being placed upon the table, a mes sage came in that the shearers wanted to see Mr. Dalzell. ' I wonder what they want with yon,' said Harbury, 'we'll all go and see come along.' ' Well, my lads, what u it ?' said Guy, 'iwant me to clear out, I sup pose. That's the second man I've had to teach a lesson, and you don't like-' it, eh? Well, I'll' ? '- No,: sir, it siot that;' said the spoke* man, ' but we came down to thank yon for puni thing that cove. There aint a' nan hei a that he hasn't punched^ amd be was 00 many guns (jj^all ef vs. We just want to shako 'ana* with *A» - dlr^n^,ify«iaiirtt-»Wa- y°n ?' Not a bil, my lads,' and Gay's awn was nearly wrung off in the open, toon. ? - . *^ '* Mr. Maxwell, send dow* haUa iS^H^'buS^ °? 8h**rew- Mi*1'** * We won't touch a drop of it,' said one of the men* .«* we thought it possible you might do that, sir, sad: we made ud oar minds we wouldn't take it, beoMss you might *hmk that's what we cum - ' «CB?. : ? ? - . ' ? ? A -.j-1. * ' Oh, no, my men, I'm sure you didn't. I don't want to offend you, but tt» jfa^y yomll- oblige me by taking it. I askit sM- ar-fayor.' ' (Well, if you put it like that, Si*, why we dan'tvery well refuse.' ? -.-. 44tor%hia the shearing went on -with pleasure to sIL There was no more Rrowling; and the wool was -well taken off ' iha sheep; About three weeks-after this \ occurrence news arrived at the -«ta» i&on; that Martin was dead. It appeared that; he managed to obtain grog, although the 4d«tor had strictlyprohibited it. He Ml and again broke the jaw, wbioh was ? bttginniBg to set, mortification set in, and he VJisd raving mad. 'The, most singular part of the story remains to, be told. Upon examining the body one of the troopers who had -i reoenUj arrived at the township/ and * who; had faleenin the force m New South rWaljas, recognised it as that of ChafhV Forbes, the escaped bushranger, sTinan twho had been 'wanted' f 6? - ton* tune;, but had evaded detection. : 6b tELst7 Guy had aetually rid the world of tw& of the most notorious criminals that eVer existed. '???? ?'? ?: ''? . .?' .?; :i : ? -' 'Why, you're a perfect Nemesis;',, said Harbury. ' ' You ought to hav« feseh a bobby.' ????,,??_?? , 'It's deuced unpleasant,' said Gurv UI wishthe fellow hadtft die*'- : ' At the inquest, of course'; Out' was wholly exonerated from blame, and toM ,by the Magistrate, who held the en quiry, that he deherved the thanks, of the whole community. . ; Time, went 6n, and the sfieaftaz ileas over. Mr. HaroxJTy'foumt that te^ftad a . valuable assistant in Guy, ' jGMpi Bastings, whose prospects were ratner 'rosy, and who really did not require a profession at. all, had had quite enough of bosh' life by this time, and said to &is;! rttefe, 'Don't you know, I'll nevah make a; ,gwazier. I couldn't go in for-«a-ua1ing : sheep, and ad that sort of thing. nDen't ,pe offended, uncle, but I anost ourfe ud .lihelideaw^ I.iihinfc,' .,- - ; w- u %t Well,' as you iike, -my boy 4. 3f yo* don't like if, don^t do it.: ItwiH be 'all the better for DaJzelL Ml offer him she billet; he is a capital feHow/aisd will just suit me.' ' .^.- . . ; And so.il was arranged, and Gay found himself with a good appointment of £500 a 3 ear and (a comfortable hoajs; ' Won't I tell Maggie that God's good?' said he to himself. ' Upon myhbhor, J don't deserve &; -but she does.. /TUs will ' najake her happy, poor jgirl^iast', And r Cluy sat down to write; hag the goad , nfljws. -; .; j.;'.i : ,. r\ : . Chapter YI.. .' ;Mr. Harbury was not a man to -h- thing* by halves. When b» found Ibit. ; he had .got a man to deal with w&O; really , seemed anxious and willing to do the right thing, he determined; to befriend htm... He was very wealthy, and a few hundreds more or less were no very sgreafc object to him. Pumping Gay, ite soon found out all about the thse&roomed; cottage ; then sending a bank-draft to an an old acquaintance in Adelaide, he begged him to take a comfortable little: house, and when furnished to give an enclosed letter to Ma. DalsslL This letter contained A draft for £10% and explained jthat he Was an ©Id friend of Guy's family, and considered kuiself under an obligation to them, so that she. weuld ust refuse what he looked upon as only a slight return for services rendered* informed her that a furnished house awaited her, and all that was in it was hers, and the rent paid to the end of the year. He also begged her not to tell Gay until he came home. He concluded by saying that although he did not know exactly in what way it was to be done. yet she might rest assured that he iuten ; ded to give her husband permanent em .ployment. ..'Although Maggie did not like to have a secret from her husband, and certainly was doubtful about accepting the good things which had so unexpectedly been forced upon her, yet, after taking the advice of a friend of Guy, she Seter mined, for the sake of the children', to accept her fate as it came. Every month Guy sent half his salary, so that she did not need to touch the £100.- It was a great relief to her to be able to have a servant ; ana as tne time wore on she gradually recovered her cheerful ways, the careworn look disappeared, the bloom returned to her cheeks, the lustre to her brown eyes, and in a few months she looked five years younger. December had come once mere,. and all the arrangements for Guy's assuming the . superintendence of Kultowarra having been completed, the day was fixed upon which the three men — Harbury, Bast ings, and he— were to start for Mel bourne, Gus on his way to England again, and Guy on his way to fetch his family. The night before they started Guy was somewhat surprised by a visit in his bed room from Gus Hastings, and still more surprised to hear him talk naturally, with neither lisp nor drawl- The young fel low had taken wonderfully to Gay, and now he said, ' Look here. Mr. Dalzell ; please don't be offended with me, but I came in josfc to offer yon a — cigar.' 'All right,' said Guy. ' No ; but my ancle has told me all about your being on the wallaby, and hard up, and all that, and about your children. Now, look here, you know, I've got a thou. I don't know what to do with, and I shall only spend it in Mel bourne. Just let me pay it in to your acoount. Yon can repay me when you get rich, you know. ' 'Look here, Gas Hastings, you're a very good fellow, and in spite of your ? swell ways you'll make your mark in tl e f world yet; bat I can't accept your off- r,tr \\* old chap. ' It's really very Wad of y»u.O 4 - i^ndt feel Jt deeply, bat tJiere u do pe^i igtf lor it. , I shpllget on capitally 'now, fffiwW to your undo. Believe me, X .^ill never forget this. ' , Toa'ce a young i'l^t-rltaakd hands Good night, old dUo*, it Aoes a man's heart good to 8 s^t^a vpung .fellow like you. Good «f^&j;|-ou W)kt,jgood' night, Guy.'* i ' JJy7 George,' sJLidv,-Juy rto ' himself i Hied Gus had gone, 'there's nothing ' kf ftAtok^weU after atl;n / . 1 Arrtv&Tin; : M»lbourne,.Qus Hastings ' ^ima'a^iegram wMch had just arrived, ? dlwirhinf of his father's sadden illness, ' fad tffiggini him tofcome home by the next. %eaifaww Tbea'^et&waa; hourly expected, 1 od (las fiia1 lansly time to get his things i»ckw ;^wa she came in, ana he went A^ntfe 3f 'days after Maggie Was 1 onwwhat surprised to; see a young swell merftrrirbm:^'oabi and havq several ' irger.'p&dejs; tiariied to the door.' It-nockr ' agafcwEfiih] 'he %61d th.6 girl when she ( penef ft tha£ the goods came from Hffel ourafcifiWH Mi. Dateell. j' -?ouldTsee ? [rs.fD^R^%r'Si!nTOnient/'said'het .' ! UsfetfeaiUite. net room' he ^aldT; ,rt Beg ard^v Mrs! Mafe^ie'— I toean DalzellT lutGuy— rt mean Dalzall, will be. home in \ day oi :lwo| ^and'asked me to leave these flings which : are outside. ' Would 'you 'kind shaking hands with me? 'iify hamS's ijQas'Basra^si : Heard of me, ^rhiarps, {Thanks. Goodbye— Steamer ju«tgoing^f feurdftfti' ?- £n$ he disappeared as quickly is he^Mn^f- In the .passage he. jnet young' 'tiuyS'- . i'' '::' '?'? ? l r ?'? ' ??:----: « '- Halle ! are youyouttg GuyP he said. ^PapaJsenfc yon *his,» and ha; put five sovereigns in the boy's hand and bolted. $3fof6 ' Maggie could recover 'from her nrp^rowas off. . j ; Waens^'o^ej^theparcelsiBhefpund tome ^Inabter jewellery, dress1 pieces trf impossible patterns,!, shawls, toys,, and a, tuaatily. eTtfick-nacks of a most hetero ^jaeoils 'descrtptlbn,. which lei her to 'belietta'that' Guy must have been either ?,%d°6r* drunk. Of, course when he ?irrivtJd %e' was' as much surprised as !keneifj:alsIii«ikne:w: nothing whatever of ?GtasStttm^ vwjaries. ! \- Jfc SSrbury had detained 'Gray a few fays In 'SfeUKraru'e:, and he oaly left in the Aldinga, which was due in Adelaide ti CteUtmss Day. He telegraphed th^t. ho might Be i ? exacted on that day, and |reafc werS'lfeggi^s' preparations to give him M pleasant '*eeeption. Wfatih jW arrived in Adelaide and ,found' strangers in the bid three-roomed ,wtix&;k6\waa ebmewhat startled. A seigabSr, h©wever,J$oon madehiin under itud whire to. find his family, and when k»ditf reach Ibeyronifortable home where tiBf'kt6re'i Ideated, 'great were. the re ExflsftatidiW1 were; soon .mV^e, and; when the happy jiafty sa.t down to the tatf-lft4le' dinner that Maggieattd her .tidy maid had prepared, they thoroughly .mjofefrtbsnnetves ' . ' .:'iii;i' , ai£ti? c8me and the husband and wife rare*- 'again sitting as they had been, sitctfrUwfifoeimmths before, he with the ddestb*pin his arms, she with the eldest . prL 'AiAW Maggie, old girl, of course, Hwiaty would like toe to get up to the, itetion as soon as possible,' said Gay lifterr'WtplSraihig '''to her all about hi* wonderful good fortune.' He haSsold lO,(Ktt%tfner* to bedefivered early in tebras^akfrrmUsVbe up to draft and put things to rights, so that in a week at ttsUitek^emustbe off. Wo cin pack npurfthaiftttws even with Gas Hastings1 bandl« tifcTaii tfce ¥est. and I'll arrange ?ith Powell about disposing of the famitttw:* ? ' * ' All bat my old sewing-machine.' 'All but your old sewing-machine^ Mthfc* w* need not go to an hotel, but jutt go to the steamer from here. Well bvrtr 44tm- days m' Melbourne. YoiTil like tin Ssfbury girls— 3tid then wall rttttifopKultowarra, wliich, I prophesy, ioa'ltiraUo like.- And now it's getting We, so wfe*d better turn in.'. Putting Aeir ohildt«n 'Into ^hair cots, they went : »tiita4hefittJelront garden, and 'stood; it thiogat©; as they hsA done on the last Christmas night. 'Do y«tt^emetaber my saying that lod - H good fhui ' night twelvemonths, -MagsfcP*: -: :- ? ' ? ; ? ' Yes, and I almost doubted, like a heathen-? arid then I wondered if we akould be any better off to-ni^ht than ?e weie then. Oh! Gay, let us go in, «d i*auk Him 'on oiir knees for Ha seat goodness. Darling, I'm so happy; 1 thudET this iif tfce happiest night I ever ipent? att& yo«rtl be so steady now, won't ; Tuu, urujF w ' ? 'tfes,; 1I& girl, as steady as X-ld fimej Of oourse, I ' Khali tike my «Uret and nr-ck like ' a gentteman, but tfteohtteyleisathing-of the past.' ? '- Ami so ctiitfcmg, they Went inoufcof the iot bat aitU -pleasant night, and dosed fee floor ? upon the happiest couple in AdeUddtf. . ? It wai undoubtedly the happiest Christmas uignt they had ever spent. ) Shall we 'wish them a happier? No! Well, then/ so be it! j ,' ', '. _. The Ejta. 