A MEaDftO airticle apam in'thbJSb ney Morning; Herald o'rJ Iy 28th `'biba g a charge agiinet Tome pearti a-irference to certain rauti-Njationalistio petitions ,ot up in New Soiuit Wales. 'We rill b ract the pith from the paper in q lay it before our seadera. S There are two towns .in New S6uth Walesecll& b ptf6ph y'Pbmut and Newcastle, -thelratslwing :towards the South ~and the latter 'towsrd' thbNorth of the colony. Theyeyatre katire di~hthm itYODi'iles apart from:each.othet? .?.Th~edt*otobwns ex actly at the seame "thme iftwkddetd'=tto the Legislature petitionse inaawhickh.it?rt eatted that the 1najority'toftheb4htnaeh'f~.laBnlamnd claimed Denominational Schools "as a satis faction which is,one of ?dnteienc?a iah&d;~iese petitions werercoucheddi,sn exactly the esme words,, The mental telegrsplhiybyhiyfih on necte Mhboughts and: eppr?esainn ;be so speedily conveyed .between these conscience troubled and ,far sundered~citizens, b which, in other words, they ou' r. fectly eneroppo.t a thought a's traige myatery. , 0.uLC ome thing equally, puzzling 1 yet to com cor respondent of the Syney .paper {w ette nent is believed 'by our cop qoFly,'and has: -not' beehn: cb'tradlc?d) " httAWl that 'al-. thpugh ,an inhabitant of Tuluuta , dee ieom mon withl other inhibitants, had never heard of the petition until t;tnkhdb its appearance in the Herald, causinm e tg ebepiiw'-mong not a few. Heallb'?tathe that"in the whole of the Albury diicii-otrht~i Yasa right away to Wentwvohb.ts;i out 800 miles)--here is but'.one Deli nal School in existence; 'and iit'htlh"ance the petition emm?itedthe ' C"di:i and has occupied a foremost acen jg •ing one of the finest and best-arrauge~usoeqqtaian schools in the colony, with a:liandisoamand commodious, residente attiched, 'ith??~iole erected at a cost of:nee?)' £2OOO". f `; ick tbe'sum of auoit £600 was contrilbunt by the inhabitants. , : 1,T'.'-.t. Now here we have direottestlimo ?ofthe ,unsectarian .character'of tbhe tl and particularly' of t i4Ei.Vb(I as exhibited ,by their ,i s ?tpntla,.? ithe :petition makes thembioutto.bs eeagers after -Denominationalism thatt theyýaitte the: co operation of the distant N ?stlb i4if le in obtainig from' irliambih Dingliy ºi onal Schoolp. 'as, a etisfaction which es one of .conscience!" It needs no ghost from the spirit-land to tell us thatmyste ~p tn, i ounde all this; and Tort~nhately'it needeit a ghost to reveal it. :;Thus proceedse the correapond ent:--' Instead ofibaellsg a "etitioin a the inhabitants of"Tumut, it was on?? or tion of the Roman Catholicepiubnit y nly, who were called upon by their llrgy, at,,tbe close of their morning's devotions, - to sign before leaving chapell" Our contemporary has patiently waited to'see whether ap con tradiction would be offered 'to'this statieent, and has waited in vain. Meanwhil.he as serts ex cathedra: ".It isquite clepr tha.?the petition of a handful of Denominattclwahete goes, for some mysterious reasontroem' Tutnut to Newcastle [passing 'by 8ydne'J, .'o From Newcastle to Tumut, 'and the eb;'Te'lore Parliament and the public.as. t'#ileition of the collective inhabitants of thesse towns." From all which w6 deduce the conclusion that the champions of universal and unsectarian education in these 'colonies hiaveayet a hard fight to wage. Their foes keep themnelves invisible as far as .possible, or else, as in the above case, assume a corporeality which does not belong to them. Above all they are un scrupulous, and hesitate not to' avail':them selves of every weapon, whether of direct falsehood, or prevarication, or menace, which at any given time may seem beat suited to forward their object. Some supporters they 'win by applying the electioneerming ecrew (in all privacy). This often proves to be a blun der, for a reluctant ally may copythe Saxons at the battle of Leipzig by a "double-quick" movement over to the enemy's line, and a rapid and destructive discharge into the ranks of their late associates. As for round, bare, unblushing falsehood, we can only say, when they still assert,that the Public Schools are atheistical, that. the children are there taught impiety and irreve- 4 rence, what name can we give such ass6ition other than falsehood of the broadest sort ? Or can it be that their mpral perceptions are obliquitous or disoeased, and that like those who are "colour-blind," they cannot distin guish between the bright hue and the daik P But by nothing are the leading Denomina tionalists more distinguished than by venom ons detraction of their opponents. A citizen who happens to be on the Bench, and who has championed the cause of National Edu cation, is at once set down as a " political -afudge"' ands atblbel of "dragling his judi= S.iaslasbes through the mire'! because he pub ,liey:aaises' his voice in favour of mental'cul ,nrtore;hst great minimizer of crime and misery. 4r Well; for argument's sake let us grant that d',Iucatiop is a political question. What of S .priestly' robes What of the episcopal s ?t'obes.,a Have any men immersed themselves SImoredeeply in this political quagmire of Edo datl6n than the Bishop and his clergy? Who wrested a certain pledge from our member i,-oimmsdiately before an election? '?:?he'meek and mild followers, you see, of I theis~.very unpolitical Teacher and Master, .?:nd' of ?fis ;gceedingly unpolitical disciples .,,d .apostlea, think it not wrong, time after S'tiime,; to~omit their prayers and their sacred '-ninistrations in order to take some tremen "'dOub I' ldaders" into the turbtilent sea of politi : lrijfe, nor do they fail to drag numerous " Lonlosens after them-not without danger to :these latter, who find:themselves speedily a .eof heir depth, and, like PALsTAFr, "with i alaerit?cyfdr sinking:" . us b.hortly examine what the phrase o.ilpelitioal Judge" means. Every intelligent ,s.ember.of a community is presumed to 'adne't " redilection more or less strong to wardse~ ?arp?i , party in the State. Now wse we say,,, "JJONEB is a political. mer ba?ot,"?we do not mean that his politics would .leadbhim to cheat hiscustomere; 'and so with 'e;?avr i iabegr.Of :other trades or professions. o'" .Ved go.wy, we japly' the words "political j,.ag.',.tona, member of .the Benchb, we mean ,,that::he would sully the purity of his ermine 'tby' s?riflcing the holy claims of Justice to aid 'bhe publie party wh'bse poliey he may becon ' Ira~.td thave previously deemed just and ;';hneficia to the public weal., Assuming this to be the meaning (if it be not there can be sois), withi scorn not unaccompanied with eseentful idignation do we repel the implied o'illegttlon. We have no political Judge in 'eensland.,. We are conscious that the vio. ~ec f of,.the. expression. may be termed in .words of:metaphor not more strong than true, the lastlnurry (in-this colony) of a pernicious ibhydra, the creation of man's.mind' when in a a:tate dfdiin coqt'usion'and unrest ;-this hydra ''is?'strecognsa?e by our vernacular name of s u -Paeieatly domination .. . , Wie cloe eur article by a reprint of a local to Int"~ridtr's Mail: "I XJ L c .. Ta-So.me additional light, or a e a shold , say darknessa has been , rp e ?? aena purporting toabe a petition ,p tane t ,,taht. of rTamat and dietriot in.favour eno'. minatioual schools.. It ,will be recollected ,?i~ ut'?al b letter appeared in thiejournal, from arpe?eiptof. amut, expreasing,egrprise thathe bad he a, A ing of apy petition having been in prepara. i of signature., And now the T2mel ,o is publishes, the followings-"In S is a letter from a resident of Tumut, ! 9p ng isurpniee at not having heard of a pettion .,I ia bee,pmrespned. to.thp Legislatire Assembly "'om tl" aa'tant. of IPumpt,' in favour of Deno , till the fooat was mentioned in the Sitans' We .plead similar wants of 2,r lt p.J par excuse for not notioing its trans fer our readers to the letter in question o ?? i ag the.beat explanation of the omiesion." 