ADVENT CONFERENCES The third Advent sermon waa preached Ia9fc f-'urnhy evening-, by his Grace Archbishop Vaughan. St. Mary's Cathedral was fairly basie.^ed from an early hour in ths.svoning,v and all the efforts oi: the clvarch^avflehs, .s ably directed as they wore by Deah M'Carthy, could not pack the whole of the great; crowd within; tha church, The sermon took nearly an hour and a half to deliver, and pi course our report js necessarily a condensed one. The Archbishop took as' his text tbeae wordsj of St. John ; ?' Dearly beloved,' try the epirito ii\ they be of GoA' (I John 'iv.', i ) . ,. Ha. had1, already shown ih.it' if there be a Church of! ChriBt on earth at'all~the Catholic' is that1 Church, and no!; another. '.;' La&t; i Sunday' even'ipg he proceeded a step further, and 'demonstrated that that same Catholic Church had' been from the first the guardian of the Bible; that she was in her full sway before the Canon of Scrip- ture was settled; that she it was who settled that Canon ; and that from 'that day to' this she has, through go d report 'and evil report, de- fended the integrity and the spirit of the sacred writings. It stands to reason that God would confide His written Word to His true Church, and not to a pretended one, or' 'one not set up by Himself. But it bas been abundantly shown that tho Catholic Church,'and not another, is the very one which has formed the' Canon of Scripture, and protected it age after age,' from its first appearance' until the present; hour. And this is an additional argu- ment to show that the Catholic Church was in very deed set up by Our Saviour, and that she, who was an ear-witness and an eye- witness of the early ages, has, by God's good Providence, been preserved in all her vigour until the days in whioh we live. To-night; his Grace was going to treat on another topic — a topic which cost him much to dwell upon, bub which he felt ifc his duty not to shriuk from. To him, controversy and mutual retortg, and passages of arms, were always excessively un* pleasant. He thought that in a country like this — in this beautiful city, men should strive to live in peaoo, and dwell in harmony ; and he was of opinion that we all had quite enough to occupy our time without assailing each other's creeds, and saying hard things of each other's beliefs. But he was not master of circum» stances. He could noi make all men think as himself. And if he were forced to stand for ward in defence of the old religion of our fore- fathers, he would do so as a duty which he owed to truth, to his people, and to himself. It was a notorious fact that a personage in the highest position in the Angli can Episcopal Church of this colony had thought it his duty publicly to assert, and to send his assertion broadcast through the country, that the doctrines of the Catholic Church were based upon fraud and forgery, and that, under pretence of infallibility, we were teaching a deadly error. This personage's utterance could be divided into two parts ; the first holds out bis own communion as being tho true Church of the Apostles, and in the second part he discharges tho above-mentioned solemn find grievous accusations against the mother of English and Irish Christianity. Had he con- fined himself to lauding his own beliefs, and those of his own religion, no one would have had a right or call to consider himself aggrieved, Unfortunately he did not think it well to con fine himself to the church of which he is so prominent a member ; but ho proceeded to assailj without a shadow of provocation, the religion of a large section of the community, and to throw the apple of discord amidst the inoffensive and astonished 'Catholics of New South Wales. He declared to the world that the claims of the Catholic Church are ' fond in ventions, fables of the middle ages, falsehoods founded on forgeries ;' that our doctrines are ' set up and maintained by forgery and fraud ;' and that 'the truth had been fettered and thrust into the inner prison, and its feet made fast in the stocks' by the Catholic Church. He spoke of a ' pretended infallibility' which induced, men to give their sanction to ' errors ' and practices of a most deadly character;' and said that the Catholic Church is " a religious system against which their very name (of Pro testants) was a continual protest.' Now, had anyone else thus, without any provocation, discharged himself upon us, we might have borne it; in silence as part of the lot of the Catholic Church. And he (the Archbishop) felt a strong natural repugnance to enter into contro versy or contention. But he asked himself what; would Sk. Basil, or St. Ambrose, or St. Chrysostom, or St. Athanasius have done under similar circumstauces ? He did not think they would have held their peace. Besides, he said to himself, though Catholics are used to those things, though ifc is their in. heritance to suffer for the faith, and to be treated roughly and rudely by the world ; still what will many dear friends— not Catholics— in the city, and up and down the country, say ? Will they not ask themselves : How is it that the Archbishops and the Catholics remain in a religion founded on fraud, and teaching soul destroying doctrine? Why do they not join the Protestant Episcopal Church, which the highest ' authority amongst us declares to be tho true Church of Christ ? Why do we not join the Protestant Episcopal Church ? It is a fair ques tion. And though our accuser simply accuses, and offers no proof of his accusation, this ques tion shall be answered. Possibly he looks upon his utterances against us as so many truisms that do not need corroboration ; as- first princi ples, which shine with their own light, and require no proof. And it is but more than likely that what is baldly and confidently as serted from so high a place will be, by some, easily believed. They may say to themselves: How strange that these Catholics do not leave their deadly position and join the pure Protes tant Episcopal Church ! For their sakes, and for our own, and for justice' sake, we will give some few reasons why we cannot in conscience do so. This evening we will shew cause why we cannot join tho church of our accuser ; and next Sun* day reason shall be given why we remain where we are. It may be said that we are promised liberty of conscience and freedom of inquiry ! Liberty of conscience ! from a church which hanged one's ancestors and confiscated their property! Only a few years ago the Unitarian creed was a felony, and Unitarian congregations incurred the penalty of transportation. Liberty of conscience and freedom of inquiry! when in it's very prime youth tho Protestant Episco pal Church' burnt five men for denying tho Trinity, of whom three were burnt by the Protestant Bishop of Norwich The Protestant Bishop of London also burnt one, and the 'Protestant Bishop of Lichfield burnt another, whilst Catholics were hanged drawn and quartered and boiled in hundreds. But we shall be freed from the incubus of the Papal Supremacy ! Yes, freed from tho guidance of that august dynasty which, from the days of St. Peter, has ruled, the Universal Church, and be saddled in its place with the Spiritual Supremacy of a woman, or may be of a girl ! Exchange the decrees and definitions of Œcumenical Councils for the decisions of a committee of all religions or no religion, or of a Minister of the Crown who need not be a Christian, and may be ah infidel as easily as not! And even if we felt some anxiety to avail ourselves of such privileges as these, our common sense would rebel against the vital principle on which the Protestant Episcopal Church is based. More than this : whilst our plain judgment revolts against that cardinal principle, we are no less repulsed when we consider the character of the founders, and take account of tho origin, for mation, growth, and workings of thot same institution. We are told by oar accuser that the vital principle of his religion is the Bible, and the Bible exclusively, interpreted by private judgment. Catholics accept the Bible on the Divine authority of the Church in its integrity, and in its inspiration. Our accuser rejects the Church. Suppose a friend, wishing to turn me from the error of my ways, brings me a Bible and tells me to make out my religion for myself. How can you prove, I ask him, that all those treatises are genuine and authentic? How can you prove their inspiration? How can you assure me that this is the Word of God, and the whole counsel of the Lord ? From his tory ? But history is confused as to the Book, and cannot prove the inspiration. From the critics ? But the critics are disputing among themselves, and some deny inspiration altogether. Are you learned enough, I ask him, to come to firm, im movable conviction that the very basis of your belief is Divine, after all ? Have you, by your own private study, come to this conclusion ? You know you have not. You know, as well as I do, that it would take us all our lives to gain the requisite knowledge ; and even then, we should, n all probability, be as muddled as before. If you reject the Divine guide and infallible wit- ness, you must, if you are logical, reject to- gether with it the Word of God, as certainly inspired and undoubted in its integrity. And when you have accepted the whole Bible on the word of the critics, how are you sure you understand it right? You say the Bible and the Bible only is your religion, Please show me then chapter and verse for working on Saturday, for keeping Sunday, for baptizing infants, for the Athanasian Creed, for the Liturgy you use, and for Deans, Chapters, and Pan-Anglican Synods. Again : What is the object of a rule ? Surely to insure uniformity of thought and action. Guilds, burial societies, and banks have their rules ; and that for the sake of order, unity of action, and oneness of aim. Now, the Rule of Faith of the Anglican Episcopal Churoh is a rule, not of unity, but of utter confusion. It is a wedge which splits truth into fragments, and dissipates the Word of God. This is not a question of minor points, but of essentials. Lutherans take the Bible only, and using their private judgment, they find in it altars, images, tapers, incense, confessionals, crosses, impanation, the crucifix, excommuni- cations, and exorcisms. The Calvinists, on the other hand, find none of these things there, and reject all outward ceremonies by the very same rule that Lutherans receive them. Socinians discover by the Bible only that Christ is not a mediator, and that there is no hell. Unitarians that the Son and the Spirit are not Divine. The Ortlibenses study the Bible, and then deny the death of Christ ; the Fornovians deny the Holy Ghost ; the Budnæans discover that Our Saviour should not be worshipped at all ; the Bidellians that our Lord is merely a man ; and the Antinomians that tho elect are subject to no law, that morality and good works are unneces sary to such, and that whatever they do they are predestined to Salvation. Thus the princi ple we are asked to embrace is a law of con- fusion in thought and action. It strikes the Bible out of our hands in its inspirations, its integrity, and its sense ; it is nowhere spoken of or even hinted at by Christ or His Apostles ; and was only first thought of after the discovery of printing, A vital principle of religion which is nowhere in the Bible to be adopted by those who boast of making their religion out of the Bible exclusively, is very like a self-contra diction. To declare a principle to be essential to the faith of mankind, which could not possibly be put in practice for 1500 years, and which is even now useless to the vast majority of mankind, is to declare what is next door to an absurdity. Catholics cannot accept it with out its shaking the very foundations of revealed religion and supernatural faith. So far for the vital principle which is the dissolvent of whatever little natural vigour there might be in the Church which we are invited to join. Our accuser says that he ' is satisfied with his place in history.' Lat us then now see what that place is. Let us dwell upon tho apostles of the Episcopal Protestant Church, and consi der its origin, growth, formation, and working, before we rush blindfold into its embrace. Let us interrogate Lord Macaulay, one who was no friend to the Catholic Church, and who was a staunch Protestant. Let it be remembered that the ' whole of Christendom ' was buried in idolatry when the apostles of the Episcopal Protestant Church- were raised up to give light to a darkened world, and to re-establish a pure and Scriptural religion. Speaking of this great work, Macaulay says ; 'Here (in the Reformation in England) zeal was the tool of worldliness. A king, whose character may be best described by saying that he was despotism itself personified, unprincipled ministers, a rapacious aristocracy, a servile par- liament, such were the instruments by which England was delivered from the yoke of Rome. The work which had been begun by Henry, the murderer of his wives, was continued by Somer- set, the murderer of his brother, and completed by Elizabeth, the murderer of her guest. Sprung from brutal passion, nurtured by selfish policy, the Reformation in England displayed little of what had, in other countries, distinguished its Of those who had any important share in bring, tho Reformation about Ridley was about the only person who did not consider it as a mere political job. Even Ridley did not play a very prominent part. Amongst the statesmen and prelates who principally gave the tone to the religious changes, there is one, and only one, whose conduct partiality itself can attribute to any other than interested motives. We need nofc say that we speak of Cranmer. When an attempt is made to set him up as a saint, it is scarcely possible for any man of sense who knows the history of the times to preserve his gravity. The origin of his greatness, common enough in the scandalous chronicles of courts, seems strangely out of place in a hagiology. Cranmer rose into favour by serving Henry in the disgraceful affair of his first divorce. He promoted the marriage of Anne Boleyn with the king. On a frivolous pretence he pronounced that marriage null and void. On a pretence, if possible, still more frivolous, he dissolved the ties which bound the shameless tyrant to Anne of Cleves. He attached himself to Cromwell while the fortunes of Cromwell flourished. He voted for cutting off Cromwell's head without a trial. Saintly in his professions, unscrupulous in his dealings, zealous for nothing, bold in expecta- tion, a coward and time-server in action, a placable enemy and a lukewarm friend, he was in every way qualified to arrange the terms of the coalition between the religious and worldly enemies of Popery. Somerset had as little principle as his coadjutor. Of Henry, an orthodox Catholic, except that he chose to be his own Pope, and of Elizabeth, who certainly had no objection to the theology of Rome, we need say nothing. These four persons were the great authors of the English Reformation. Three of them had a direct; interest in the extension of the royal prerogative. The fourth was the ready tool of anyone who could frighten him. Is is not difficult to see from what motives, and on what plan, such persons would be inclined to remodel the Church. The scheme was merely to transfer the full cup of sorceries from the Babylonian Enchantress to other hands, spilling as little as possible on the way.' In other words, three murderers, one of them a woman, and an unprincipled courtier, trans- acted a political job which originated in brutal passion, and was nutured by selfish policy, and from that job or transaction the Protestant Episcopal Church, which we are told we mush join under peril of our souls, sprang. How was the scheme of 'transferring the full cup of sorceries' carried out? Macaulay tells us. 'Her doctrinal confessions and discourses,' he says, 'composed by Protestants, set forth princi- ples of theology in which Calvin or Knox would have found scarcely a word to disapprove. Her prayers and thanksgivings, derived from the ancient Breviaries, are very generally such that Cardinal Fisher or Cardinal Pole might have heartily joined in them. The Church of Rome held that Episcopacy was of Divine institution, A large body of Protestants, on the other hand, refused prelacy as positively unlawful, The founders of the Anglican Church took a middle courae. Among the Presbyterians, the conduct of public worship is, to a great extent, left to the minister. The priests of the Roman Catho« lic Church, on the other hand, have, during many generations, daily chaunted the same ancient confessions, supplications, and thanks givings, in India and Lithuania, in Ireland and Peru. Here, again, the Church of England took a middle course.' And so this historian goes on showing us how, by a series, of compromises, the cup of wickedness was transferred, and how a con» cordat was effected between darkness and light, Belial and God, idolatry and pure worship. Ia this transaction there was no question of the Bible and the Bible only, but how 'the cup of sorceries could be transferred whilst spilling as little as possible on the way.' ' From this compromise,' Macaulay says else» where, 'the Church of England sprang. . . She continued to be, for more than 150 years, the servile handmaid of monarchy, and the steady enemy of public liberty ; the divine right of kings, and the duty of passively obeying all their commands, were her favourite tenets. She held those tenets firmly through times of oppression, persecution, and licentiousness ; while laws were trampled down ; while judg' ment was perverted ; while the people were eaten as though they were bread.' So far for the origin of the creed of the Fathers of the Protestant Episcopal Church. What about her government ? The Sovereign Pontiff's claims, we are told, were founded on fraud, and are unscriptural. Who did Scripture then appoint in his place in this religion of compromise? The 'shameless tyrant' Henry VIII., Macaulay tells us, was head of the Protestant Episcopal Church. ' What Henry and his favourite coun sellors meant, at one time, by tho supremacy,' (says this historian), ' was certainly nothing less than the whole power of the Keys. The king was to be the Pope of his kingdom, the vicar of God, tho expositor of Catholic verity, the channel of sacramental graces. He arro gated to himself the right of deciding deg tically what was orthodox doctrine and what was heresy, of drawing up and imposing con fessions of faith, and of giving religious instruc tion to his people. He proclaimed that all juris diction, spiritual as well as temporal, was de rived from him alone, and that it was in his power to confer episcopal authority, and to take it away. He actually ordered his seal to be put to commissions by which bishops were appointed, who were to exercise their functions as his deputies, and during his pleasure. The king might, in virtue of authority derived from God make a priest; and the priest so made needed no ordinatinn whatever. These high pretensions gave scandal ; and the scandal was greatly increased when the supremacy was again annexed to the Crown on the accession of Elizabeth. It seemed mon» strous that a woman should be the chief bishop of a Church in. which an apostle had forbidden her even to let her voice be heard. The queen had over the Church a visitatorial power of vast and undefined extent. She was entrusted by Parliament with the office of restraining and punishing heresy and every sort of ecclesiastical abuse, and was permitted to delegate her au thority to commissioners. The bishops were little more than her ministers. Rather than grant to the civil magistrate the absolute power of nominating spiritual pastors, the Church of Rome, in the eleventh cen iury, set all Europe on fire. Rather than grant to the civil magistrate the absolute power of nominating spiritual pastors, the ministers of the Church of Scotland, in our own time,' resigned their livings by hundreds. The Church of England had no such scruples. By the royal authority alone her prelates were appointed. By the royal authority alone her convocations were summoned, regulated, pro rogued, and dissolved. Without this royal sanction her canons had no force. One of the articles of her faith was that without the royal Consent no Ecclesiastical Council conld lawfully assemble. From all her judicatures an appeal lay, in. the last resort, to the sovereign, even when the question was whether the administra° tion of a Sacrament had been valid.' Now, if the claims of the Popes are founded on fraud and forgery, on what are the claims of the female head of rhe Protestant Episcopal Church founded ? And we are sternly told, on peril of our salvation, to join such a church as this ! In vain did earnest men protest against the scandalous Spiritual claims of a woman whose voice should not so much as be heard in the Church ! ' But it was in vain,' says our author, 'that they at tempted to obtain any concession from Eliza beth. Indeed, her system, wherever it differed from her brother's, seemed to them to differ for the worse.' Earnest men ' were little disposed to submit, in matters of faith, to any human authority. They had recently, in reliance on their own interpretation of Scripture, risen up against a Church strong in immemorial antiquity and Catholic consent. It was not to be expected that they would immediately transfer to an up. start authority the homage which they had withdrawn from the Vatican ; that they would submit their private judgment to the authority of a Church founded on private judgment alone ; that they would be afraid to dissent from teachers who themselves dissented from what had lately been the universal faith of Western Christendom It is easy to conceive the indignation which must have been felt by bold and inquisitive spirits, when an institution younger by many years than themselves, an institution which had, under their own eyes, gradually received its form from the passions and interests of a court, began to mimic the lofty style of Rome." The question then which we put to our friends is simply this : Are we compelled, on peril of our Salvation, to join a church the vital principle of which is destructive of the Bible, and leads to endless infusion in cardinal points of belief ; a church whose founders were Henry, the mur derer of his wives, Elizabeth, the murderer her guest, Somerset, the murderer of his brother, and Cranmer, who was a time-server, and burnt an Anabaptist ; a Church, originating accord ing to the opinion of its own principal founders, in a political job; a church sprung from brutal passion, nurtured by selfish policy, and formed by the interest and passions of a court ; a church whose doctrines are a compromise between sorcery and Scripture, whose first supreme spiri tual head was a " shamed tyrant,' and whose. second was a woman, the murderer of her guest who claimed a more despotic spiritual power over the consciences of men than the Pope him self? Are we really, in serious earnest obliged in conscience to submit to 'the servile handmaid of monarchy and the Catholics have been educated to different tastes its doctrine, and its supreme spiritual head Jer great boast is liberty of conscience, and freedom of wmtfmm They had to cry out before the people : 'I do Common Prayer and administration of sacra- ments and other rites and ceremonies of the Church, according to the use of the Church of England ; together with the Psalter or Psalms of David, pointed as they are to be sung or said in. churches ; and the form or manner of making, ordaining, and consecrating bishops, priests, and deacons.' ' Any one who had not by St. Bartholomew's Day, August 24, submitted himself to this piece of tyranny, was ipso facto deprived of spiritual promotion, and those in whose power it was to confer promotion on him were to consider him as dead. The day arrived, and 2000 of her ministera forsook the Protestant Episcopal Church, And are we, on peril of our souls, to join it ? Are we called upon to place ourselves in the power of a religious system which at one and the same moment promises U3 liberty as our charter, and thruatB a book down our throats which is not mentioned in the Bible ? Have not thousands upon thousands of earnest and logical-minded men abandoned her as being so contradictory and anomalous, that they could not defend her if they would, or feel com fortable in her communion ? Do not they accuse her as she accuses us ? If the Catholic Church is idolatrous— is not she the mimic of idolatry, and an illogical mixture of puritanism and the great apostacy ? What is the cry of Puritans and Presbyterians, and Independents, and Baptists ; of Congrega tionalisms, Peculiar Baptists, General Baptists, Free Communists, Strict Communists, Free- will Baptists (who wash the Saints' feet), Seventh Day Baptists, Six Principle Baptists, Scotch Baptists, Welsh Baptists, and of the Society of Friends, who will keep their hats on and won't take an oath ? Why do they not do what we are pressed to do ? Why are they separated from the Protestant Episcopal Church ? Because, they exclaim with one voice, they cannot find security in its communion for the right of private judgment and liberty of conscience ; because they hold, what the Protestant Episco pal Church they say does not, viz., ' the Supre macy of Christ as the only Head of His Church, and the sufficiency of Holy Scripture as the rule of faith and practice.' Because the word of God expressly forbids Christians giving up conscience to the direction of any man Because whilst the Protestant Episcopal Church professes the Bible exclusively, it enjoins and commands observance and practices which are not so much as hinted at in the Sacred Page, such as bowing to the East bowing at the Holy Name, signing with the cross it Baptism, and indulging, in particular gestures in worship, especially in kneeing at the Lord's Supper, Because in the Bible there is not a word about a national and established Church, nor about the character and authority of certain officers appointed in it, nor about the position of a stated form of prayer called the Liturgy, nor of the right of enjoining unscrip. tural ceremonies, nor about, the terms on which ministers are admitted to their office. In the Bible they would find no text which takes my the liberty of the people to choose their own ministers, nor any hint at the propriety of vast incomes being lavished on men who called themselves bishops without any sufficient war rantry in Holy Writ, if Catholics must join a a new religion, why should they be compelled to join just that one which, on account of its glaring prevarication in its vital principle, has estranged thousands upon thousands of honest men from its communion ? So far for years She had had the people of England, we every doctrine of Christianity had been dis puted and Christianity itself became an object of discussion or contention so much as of mirth and of ridicule. The author of the Analogy, the great Dr Butler, Protestant Bishop of Durham, wrote 'in 1730 to the following but that it is now at fictitious and accordingly they treat it as if, in the present age, this w sion of feeling against her in the breast earnest »«ff JL, a°B every seam, inthou. abT }ohn 'w«tey »d WhltJeW, using their sands. John V os y ^ ^.^ q£ own The Protestant principle which attached wood, into ever so many more. So that we have ^8-;'l Methodists' New Connection, and Pri borgians, ^^ffi, Cameronians, Cris £opll p'otesSSt Church when we have so Episcopal Protestant Church when we varied a choice as this ? Or why we are to be century? Yes, having reduced herself to the proportions of a sect by promising liberty of conscience and practising spiritual tyranny, by neglecting the masses of the people, and teach ing doctrine which is strange to the Book which she professes exclusively to quote ; now, in this nineteenth century, she has altogether re versed her policy, and would ever to the denial of the inspiration of the Scrip tures do her best to maintain her position ; a position which every day is becom ing more repugnaut to the feelings of thoughtful Englishmen, who look upon her as the prolific seed-plot for the development of Popery, and on her organization and her hierarchy as a ridiculous and empty parody of the Catholic Church. The Rationalists look upon her with contempt aa being a bundle of contradictions supported by no logical principle whatsoever ; the Dissenter passes her quickly by, as smelling of superstition, if not of idolatry ; whilst the infidel declares that the only cement which prevents her from falling to pieces is made up of the good things of this world. It is but a short time ago that her highest Tribunal declared that it could lawfully be maintained in her com munion, first, that Baptism is absolutely neces sary for salvation,and secondly that it is simply an idle ceremony. Her most distinguished scholars boldly declare that bhe present advanced know ledge possessed by the world is the standard where by the educated intellect of the individual man, guided and governed by condolence, is to measure the truth of the Bible ; that when the Bible is assumed to be at variance with the conclusions of such educated intellect, the Bible must be taken in such cases to have no Divine authority but to be only a human utterance ; that the principles of interpretation of the Bible hitherto universally received in the Christian Churoh are untenable, and that new principles of interpre tation must now be substituted. They deny, call iuto question, or openly disparage the verity of miracles, inoluding the idea of Creation prew sented to us by the Bible, and predictive pro phecy, especially predictions concerning the Incarnation, Person, and Offices of Our Lord, They deny the descent of all men from Adam, the Fall of man and Original Sin, the Divine command to sacrifice Isaac, the Incarnan tion of our Lord, Salvation through the blood of Christ, the personality of the Holy Spirit, and special and supernatural inspiration. And as if to display before the world her impo tence the teaching of these scholars was brought to judgment before the Court of Arches, The judge in that court dismissed almost all the articles preferred against the writers in question. But it condemned two gentlemen for two errors of the gravest kind. These errors were the denial of eternal punishment and of the inspiration of a great part of Holy Scripture, These two gen tleman were not satisfied. Their case was carried to the highest tribunal— to the Crown in Council. After a long and patient hearing, the sentence of the Court below was reversed. It was, in other words, finally declared that to deny the inspiration of any portion of the Old or New Testament, so long as no entire book is thereby erased from the Canon, and to deny the eternity of punishment for the wicked, is not at variance with the articles or formularies of the English Protestant Episco pal Church. Thus it is that out of her paralyzed hands falls that one Book upon which, she stakes her very existence. Her children have, need their privilege of private judgment with a vengeance. They have brought it to play not on the meaning of the Book alone, but upon the Book itself. After declaring that the whole Protestant world has blundered in its canons of interpretation, and that new ones must take their place, they proceed to tear the book itselt to pieces, and to deny its very inspiration. And let no man cry out ; they have the Supreme Spiritual authority on their side, and are simply dissaving before the world the essential nature of that vital principle which, like blast powder, seems as if it were invented to blow into frag ments whatever it comes in contact with of unity or cohesion. "It is true,' says one who knows the Episcopal Protestant Church well, 'it is true that the official church, unlike that of Holland or Prussia, has nominally maintained its original formularies ; but this is only because they are a burden to nobody, and because experience has shown that even its clergy are at liberty to m terpret their vague and contradictory phrases almost at pleasure, while, among its lay mem bers every one is free to commend or revile, to acceptor repress them, according to his private humour 'There is a scarcely a form of religious imposture,' says the Times, ' and perhaps no set of religious or irreligious opinions, that does not number among its adherents some priest or deacon of the English Church.' Differing in this respect from every other religious com-, munity which has hitherto appeared iu the world the outward profession of membership with this church, implies absolutely nothing as to the belief of those who make it. The titles of 'Wesleyan,' or ' Unitarian,' or Bap tist ' indicate at least something of the religious opinion of those who bear them. Not so that of a member of the Establishment, who may hold the same opinions as either of the classes named, or their contraries, or any conceivable modification of them without injury to his pro fession as an Anglican. There is, probably, less difference of sentiment between any two mem hers of any religious community in the world than is every day announced, not only between the laity, but between the clergy and the bishops of the Anglican body. The Church of England— which neither teaches nor rebukes, neither approves nor condemns, neither canon izes nor excommunicates, and is represented at the same moment, and with equal confidence, by Gorham and Philpots, by Hampden and Keble, bv Jowett and Wilberforce, by Whately and Denison, that is, by men whose respective creeds are the formal negation of one another— con- fetsedly numbers within her undefined pale par tizans of every religious tenet, theory, or opinion, however opposite and contradictory, which Protestantism has at any time, or by any acency, introduced into the world. The history of Christianity records no parallel case, ' 'The religion of the Church of England,' said Lord Macaulay, 'is in fact, a bundle of religious systems with out number—a hundred sects battling within one church." To sum up ; Catholics, in spite of what the highest Protestant authority has insinuated to the contrary, do not think them- selves bound in conscience, and under peril of salvation or any other peril, to join the Protes tant Episcopal Churoh. And amongst many more for these reasons ; because its vital prin- ciple shocks common sense, is impracticable, has not a shred of Scripture to warrant it, and is essentially productive of religious anarchy and confusion; because, if carried to its legitimate conclusion, it is destructive of the Bible itself, and of its inspiration and integrity, as has already been proved by the action of modern critics. We cannot join it because its founders were all four of them murderers, because it originated in a political job, springing from the brutal passion of a shameless tyrant ; because it was nurtured by selfish policy, and received its form from the interests and passious of a court ; and because more than half its time has been spent in acting as the servile slave of monarchy and the deadly enemy of public liberty. We cannot join the Protestant Episcopal Church, beoause, after having been born of such parents, and being fashioned and moulded by such hands, and for such ends, in the seventeenth century, when in its early prime, it preached freedom with its tongue and tyrannized over the consciences of its children, professing the Bibleotry. whilst at the same moment its ministers were choking, as it thrust down their throats the Book of Common . Prayer; because its teachings are neither one thing nor the other, neither purely of the Bible nor wholly Catholic, dressed out with patches of Anti-Christ, and professing to be clothed only with the written Word ; because its supreme head, its final appeal in matters of doctrine, may be a woman or a girl or a baby, or a minister without any religion, a hardened scoffer at any revelation whatsoever. We can not join, because in the eighteenth century, less than 250 years after its birth, it abandoned the masses of the people to the most brutal igno rance, and reduced Christianity itself in England to so low an ebb, that it was looked upon simply as an object of ridicule and mirth amongst the better educated classes of the com munity. We cannot join this church because in the nineteenth century she veered right round, and changed her persecuting spirit for the broadest latitudinarianism ; declaring that the eternity of punishment, and the necessity of Baptism, and the inspiration of Scripture may be denied with impunity . Such are a few reasons why our friends must not feel scandalized at our not at once accepting the invitation which has been so rudely forced upon our consideration. We feel as little temptation to join the City of Con fusion as to leave the City of Saints. And he (the Archbishop) hoped that he had now said enough to show the reasonableness of Catholics remaining where they were. It was with keem pain that he had gone though the duty of re~ plying to a question that must have entered many minds. He did not love controversy, and the contention of dispute. But when challenged it was his painful duty to be true to the position which he oocupied. Never till now had he been called upon to preach one single sermon to the disparagement of the creed professed by so many good, earnest, and honest men. And he had hoped that he should have been let alone to pursue the more peaceful duties of preaching the beauty of holiness, and instructing the ignorant in the way of life. Still, he trusted that good might come out of the troubled waters, and that whilst non-Catholics will have learnt why we do not feel bound, to join the Protestant Episcopal Church , Catholics will be strengthened in their faith, and will cling more than ever to the widespread Catholic Church ; one in its creed, holy in its founders and its teaching, catholic in its numbers, and apostoli cal in its succession of Pontiffs from Peter dowm to Pius. His Grace concluded by praying that one and all there present might receive the grace of God to love and serve Him in life, that they might at the end be privileged to look for ever upon the face of Christ in eternal glory. Akeival of Clergyman.— The Eev. Mr. Ryan, from AUHallews College, Dublin, arrived in Syduey last week, after a short stay in ? Melbourne. We understand that the rev. gentleman will remain in the archdiocese. Bell fob, the New Church at Yotjng.— the Chronicle reports thattha .Rev, H M. Finne gan has received a letter from Mr. John Murphy,, of Dublin, advising him that the new bell, which is to weigh a ton weight, will be started as soon as possible, and from the date of the letter it may be expected here within a few weeks' time. The steeple of the new church is ready to receive it, so that there will be little delay in erecting it after its arrival, The sub scriptions for the purpose of purchasing it were' raised by the Catholio ladies of Young.^who have' been assiduous in their undertaking, and who will doubtless be somewhat paid for thew trouble when they hear the deep, rich tone of the new bell wafting in the breeze from the n_ . ? xr:n \At. idnidnv ia crniner to comt)lete thei building of the new Catholic Churoh instead ot Mr. Stombucco who was the original contractor.. The delay has caused a great deal of trouble and inconvence to the Rev. H. M.' Fiunegan, who has been working very hard with a view to having the building finished as speedily as possible, i 11 j Mr. Joseph Becker.— A WGll«carnea honour haB been 'conferred upon Mr. Joseph Becker, J.P., of Bourke. His Holiness Pope Pius IX. has, we understand, made him a, Knight of the Order of St. Gregory the Great, Mo worthier addition to the roll of illustrious, members of this highly anoient order could be made, and we truat that Mr. Becker may long live to enjoy the dignity the head of his Church, has given to him.— Dubbo Dispatch^ 