THE DESTITUTION OF GERMAN IMMIGRANTS. By Electric Telegraph, [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] BENALLA, 28th November. Divested of all useless matter, the follow- ing are the particulars connected with the official visit to the distressed Germans at Yarrawonga : — Inspector A. B. Smith, ac- companied by an interpreter, left Benalla on Friday evening, arriving at Devenish at eleven o'clock p.m, and after travelling all night they arrived at the Cooked Hat Camp about six o'clock on Saturday morn- ing. From there they proceeded to the first German camp, about a quarter of a mile distant. This camp is situated in Boozy Creek, and has a number of fine water holes. The camp consists of four bark huts, used as dwellings, and two bark sheds used for cooking and other purposes. There are three families living in the Cocked Hat Camp, in all 10 people, three being males and seven females. There are two very old men, one a carpenter aged 65, and a saddler about the same age ; the saddler was away at the Dookie flour- mills, trying to obtain three bags of flour on credit. The visitors were received with great kindness, and Inspector Smith, assisted by Mr. Myles, the interpreter, explained the object of their visit. The physical con- dition of the people here appeared to be as good as that of the ordinary peasant. Seven are aged ; one is a young woman about 21, there is a boy about six, and the other a girl about two years old. The last-named three looked remarkably healthy and strong, show- ing no marks of starvation. Amongst other questions the old man (the carpenter) was asked who induced them to come to this country, and his reply was that God had called them and they were bound to come. The huts were then inspected, and every- thing appeared clean and well conditioned. There was plenty of furniture and bedding, all brought from home. In one of the cooking sheds an old woman was preparing food consist- ing of vegetables and flour. Inspector Smith asked them what prospects they had for the future. They replied that they had between the two camps 800 acres of land selected, and had this year 60 acres of wheat crop, and if they could rub along till tho harvest was gathered, they could got on for the re- mainder of the year. It was explained that the two camps were on the communistic arrangement. Being asked how they managed to get the crop in, they stated that when they arrived in Melbourne they bought a waggon, dray, plough, and other farming implements, and two horses, but they were compelled to sell the horses and dray to Carl Berndt's man for £5 each, or £15 for the lot, which it seems they expended in food for the benefit of the community. Inspector Smith promised them relief, and a smile of gladness was observable upon all around. The inspector then proceeded to Mr. Carl Berndt's farm, three miles distant. This is the Mr. "Charles Burns" referred to in the letter to the German consul. Berndt spoke of the many acts of kindness he had done for the people of the other camp, where the great distress existed, and that they would not be guided by him ; so he had now given them up, as they were completely guided by a woman whom they believed to be in- spired by the Holy Ghost. One of the community, a married man, lives at Mr. Berndt's, and works as a black- smith. Mr. Berndt was interrogated about the horses and dray his man had bought from the people at the Cocked Hat Camp, and he replied that the dray was not worth £5, and that he had bought it of his man. The dray was shown, and Mr. Coghill valued it at about £12 at the lowest estimate. The horses were not produced. The other camp, "Hill Plain Camp," is two and a half miles distant from Mr. Berndt's, and he was asked to accom- pany the party to the place ; but he said he would not unless he was paid for it, as he had lost too much time already by them. However, he at last consented to go, being persuaded not to forfeit the good name he had already gained for his exertions in their behalf, and seeing that succor was at hand. The party then started for the camp, which con- sists of 10 bark dues, and contains about 40 people, mostly women and children. The interpreter, as before, explained the object of the visit. The first thing that attracted the attention of the party was something covered over with an old tarpaulin, and on inquiry they were informed that it was a coffin ready to receive the body of a boy about 12 years of age, who was lying in a dying state in an adjoining hut. Inspector Smith inquired which hut the boy was in, and on its being pointed out the party entered without any ceremony, and an appalling sight met their view. Lying on a kind of bed, within four feet of a blazing fire, lay the emaciated form of what appeared to have been a fine intelli- gent boy of about 14 years of age. At a table in the same hut, facing the door, sat a man and woman both engaged sewing a piece of print. The man looked as if he had recently recovered from sickness. The female was about 25 years old, four feet six inches high, with a most repulsive face, having high cheek bones, a pug nose, rough black hair and sunken eyes. She took no notice of the intrusion. They uncovered tbe boy, and a most distressing spectacle met them. His legs, feet and body were swollen to monstrous proportions, and the skin was in a neglected state as to cleanliness. The proud flesh from the upper gums ex tended over the teeth, and the whole condi- tion of the sufferer indicated scurvy. By this time a crowd had gathered round the hut, and on inquiring what nourishment the boy was getting, his mother replied that all they had was flour and vegetables. The room in which the sick boy lay contained the other body. They then proceeded to examine the other huts. In the adjoining hut lay an old man, about 67 years of age. His mouth was in the same condition as the boy's, but the disease had not made quite such great progress. The whole of the huts appeared as clean as they could be made. Inspector Smith inquired how many had died since they arrived at the Hill Plain Camp, and he was told eight adults and one child, the latter still-born. Mr. Smith requested to be shown where the bodies were buried, and he was taken to the corner of a garden about three chains distant from the dwellings, and fenced off with a bush fence, and at the upper end of the garden he was shown the graves all fresh filled. The depths of the graves are about three feet each. The party returned to the camp, and Inspector Smith asked them if they would accept assistance, and they thankfully replied "Yes." By this time several of the community that had not been seen before arrived, as if from work. They com- prised men, boys, and girls. All the young people appeared to be healthy, the girls particularly so. Their complexion was bright and fresh, and their countenances intelligent. The majority of the elder mem- bers of the community appeared to be suf- fering from some malady. Inspector Smith desired to be introduced to the prophetess, and the woman previously described as one of the persons in the hut with the dying boy was brought forward as that personage. On being interrogated by the interpreter in reference to her inspiration, she fell into one of her customary trances. In these trances she says the Holy Ghost visits her, and instructs her how she is to govern the people, who to all appearance religiously believe in her. Mr. Smith told the inter- preter to let her know that unless she were out of the trance in less than two minutes he would have her removed to a lunatic asylum, from which place she would never get away. This appeared to have the desired effect, for she instantly recovered, but put on the simulation of great prostration and excite- ment. A decrepit old man, about 50 years of age, came up to the interpreter, and told him that he would not allow the woman to be interfered with, as she was in his charge. Inspector Smith asked in what way she was in his charge, and the old man replied that he had adopted her when her father died. Mr. Smith and the interpreter took the old man aside, and questioned him as to the moral condition of the camp, but nothing tending to immorality was elicited. Both sexes of the young are scrupulously domiciled in separate huts. This fact deserves notoriety, as some persons have circulated disgraceful rumors concerning their mode of living. The prophetess was then told what Mr. Berndt had said about her guidance of the people, and she replied that Mr. Berndt was jealous of her power with the people, and he wished to be the chief, and because they would not have him he had said wicked things about her, and that they could not like him. Mr. Smith then advised her to give over her trance business, and let the people go to work. On being asked why they did not inform the police of the deaths that had occurred amongst them, they re- plied that they had given notices in German to Mr. Berndt, but it appears he had neg- lected to forward them to the proper autho- rities. They denied having received any money from Charles Grube. The only money they had received up to Saturday was £9 from the German Association in Ade- laide. Half a ton or flour, with tea, sugar, potatoes, fruit and medical comforts, have this morning been despatched to the camp, which is distant 30 miles from Benalla. Dr. Nicholson has also gone out, and when he returns there will be further particulars. 