TUMID TWADDLE. WHO is responsible for the extraordinary combination of bathos and rigmarole which was presented, in the shape of an address, to Madame Ristori, on Saturday last,.?. "TO^t^u^t iMtipSy Jiave thought of the degenerating process liable to undergo in a British colony, while she listened to the reading of that tawdry composition 1 Here is a ehoicc sample of the bulk :— " Our eulogy .isauL which has long been world-wide gncl riiustrbe perpetual' , We'trust, nevertheless, you will accept par fealty ij£ praise, if only as a prpof that, although far removed from the-great ! centres of intellectual life, we are yet not unpossessed of spirituality sufficient to apprehend and to cherish all tlfat is ideally true and essentially beautiful. JThese qualities you represent in their sublimest forms, &nd;%e Ask you tfaerSforc to accept from us this coronet of Australian gold and silver. It is a recognition ofyour supremacyinthb mostexalted exercises of the art with which your name has so long been honoumhly Ss^iat^ 1' - What is a "fealty of praise?" Is Madame Ristoriafeudal lady, and did the subscribers take an oath of fidelity to Her as he;' vassals I And what on earth has the " idealty true " and the " essentially beautiful " got to do with the " spirituality " of which the subscribers inform lis that they are " not unpossessed ? " Do they uu$gl to say that; they disenibodiecl—that they have no material w'bste.nce ? Or that &ey; are sometimes |n the body and «ometimes out of it, and that, Ts^ien tfepJ' are piking about in the character of four naked ghosts, they " apprehend " arid "'cherish" the ideal and the essential 1 Again, how can adjectives which describe " qualities " be the ' qualities " themselves ? Truth is a, quality and beauty is a quality; J but to speak of either the " ideally true," or " the essentially beautiful," as being such,' is downright unmitigated nonsense. But " these qualities," the address assures us, Madame Ristori "represents in their sublimest forms." We were under the impression that this lady's power over her audience was:&pqnired; and maintained by the eminently realistic character of her .acting, and by her presentation of human passion and sufficing Tsith the utmost vividness, realty and force. We thought that the ferocious accents of her Sangvc ! sang tie! stmziar, kpezzttr mo -emrej of her Medea, IJje pathos ofher Oiorellat and the haughty .pride of her (In re ton io, m Maria Stuarda, the wild despair of her Ah! noperdona! in Fedra, and the anguish she exhibits in the latter scenes of Marie Antoinette, owed their effect to their extreme naturalness,-so that^hey ^used the spectators to forget that they were " guilty creatures sitting at a play." If so, it is an abuse of terms to speak of such representations as being " ideally true" —whatever that ambiguous phrase may mean—or " essentially beautiful." Perhaps the words got transposed, and the writer of the address meant to say " ideally beautiful" and " essentially true," just as the conception of Ariel is ideally beautiful, while the portrait of Trinculo is essentially true. If so, he should have been more careful in the preparation of a document intended for preser vation" by a lady who is mistress of two languages, one of which is remarkable for its logical construction and lucidity of expression, while, the other is conspicuous for its force, flexibility, sweetness and picturesqueness. We do not know what dialect the address we are commenting on, is written in; but it is certainly.not "the tongue that Shakespeare spake." Here is another sample of it: — "When your visit to Australia shall have bscome to you only a fading mqmory. let this evidence of-our art-worship sometimes take you back to the far-off land you have visited. Let it remind you that, although as yet we count but little in the great family of nations, you found among us an earnest love for whatever is worthy in the drama in its highest relations, and an enthusiastic admiration of her who is the drama's chiefest member and most illustrious interpreter." . Why do we " count but little ?" And what is it we count,—broad beans, or bank notes? Who or what are the " highest relations " of the drama,—royal personages, or tall actors and actresses 1 What are we to- understand by a " member of the drama 1 "—an act, or a scene ? The word " drama " r&eans; a dramatic composition individually, or the dramatic literature of a country collectively. How can Madame Ristori be said to he " a member " of cither 1 Let UB have no more of this " skimble-skamble stuff." 