BARNAWARTHA. (COMMUNICATED.) Barnawartha is one of those typical country townships of Victoria which is not remarkable for anything in particular except for the neglect which is so liberally afforded to it by the local ruling powers. Situated on the North Eastern Railway about fifteen miles from Wodongam it has many advantages as a depot for the produce of the surrounding territory and also for a great portion of that from Howlong and Bungowannah : but owing to the restrictions placed on the introduction of grain into Victoria, a large quantity which would otherwise find its way to the Barnawartha station is diverted elsewhere, Like most country townships it has its public houses, blacksmiths shops, stores, churches, and a large flour mill, the latter of which is owned by Mr. John Burrowes, and has been in operation for many years. The greater part of the town seems to be possessed of a very unostentatious desire to hide its diminished appearance in the ravine of the Indigo Creek, whose waters meander in idle sluggishness and musical monotony through the town proper, carrying with it the savoury collections from the heights above, for distribution to the residents on the lower part of the creek. At one time Barnawartha was the seat of local governmentm but Yackandandah's jealousy and preponderance in the Council Chambers robbed the little village of the only qualification to fame that it ever possessed. The principal production of the town itself are pig, poultry, goats, and children, and it would take a particularly discerning eye to discover which of the items are dominant in the population. All four patronise the main thoroughfare largely, and though the three former fraternise the latter hold each in especial abomination, and with the assistance of an attendant canine friend declare continuous and implacable warfare, both for purposes of amusement and profit. Pigs are generally peaceably inclined and on an intimation from the dogs that their presence is not required, they seek shelter and tidbits elsewhere. Goats are more bellicose and proceed to argue the point with their canine tormentors, but invariably depart vanquished. When the ordinary means of amusement fail, the children settle their little differences on the principal of argumentum baculinum and so on day after day their exercises are varied. Outside the town there is a large farming district, which like all other areas has been exhaustively cropped for a long series of years without artificial assistance, and consequently suffers from a diminution of the agricultural returns. Last season the excessive drought which prevailed militated strongly against their prospects, and this year again there seems to be a fatality pursuing their interest, as another misfortune in the shape of the caterpillar plague is ravaging the crops and creating an incalculable amount of damage. Many farmers are cutting what was originally intended for grain crops into hay, and by this means try to save as much as possible from the wreck which will inevitably ensue if the pest does not diminish before harvest. On the river about five miles from Barnawartha there is a large red gum saw mill formerly owned by Messrs. Cain, Dalrymple, and Holton, and used by them for cutting sleepers for tho North Eastern line of Railway ; but how in the possession of Messrs. J. and: C. Smith; who have for the past two or three years sent a very large quantity of timber to the Melbourne and local markets. At the present time suitable timber is nearly exhausted in the vicinity of the mill, and it is very likely that within the next twelve months another site will have to be selected. Coming back to the town itself, and looking into its internal arrangements, I find that it is about to be included in the districts wherein £10 licenses are allowed for public houses. Hitherto £25 per annum has been charged, and tho local publicans have properly represented the matter to the Shire Council, so henceforward the lesser fee only will be demanded. This will not affect the Shire funds to any great extent for the reason that the Indigo Creek divides the two Shires of Yackandandah and Chiltern and, per force, the town ; therefoce, as there it but one publican on the Yackandandah Shire side of the creek, little loss will be sustained. To a stranger, the primitive aspect of the town thoroughfares seems rather at variance with the fact that at one time Barnawartha was the seat of local government, but, when one is acquainted with the fact that it took the councillors all their time to wrangle about petty jealousies and the removal of the seat of government to Yackandandah, it is at once plain why the main road is left in a comparative state of nature. The approach to the railway station is a perfect disgrace to a civilised community. In summer the state of the road is not so much felt, but during the rainy season it is nearly impassable, and, through the blindness to the fact or the wilful neglect on the part of the ruling powers, it is left year after year to take care of itself. Barnawartha, besides having bad roads, pitfalls for the passenger traffic off the roads, a predominance of pigs, goats, and large families, and a few other grievances, has a circle of progressive spiritualists, who, if they do not astonish their neighbours by any wonderful exhibition of "ghost- esses" or other ethereal eccentricities, do certainly surprise them by their application to the subject in hand. For the past twelve months they have sat regularly twice a week, and the results are so satisfactory to tthemselves that the investigations will be continued. Herr Tolmaque's visit to Chiltern set tho true believers in a state of commotion, but the general impression is that the wizard's reputation, as far as the exposure of spiritualism is concerned, is about as intangible as the contents of an empty beer barrel. One enthusiastic supporter of the tenets of the occult science of spiritualism displayed to your correspondent a variety of Herr Tolmaque's wonderful performances, and subsequently explained them, and, though they are remarkably clever, when the manner in which they are executed made plain the "wonderful" nature of the preformance ceases. Scarlet fever has made its appearance in the town, but is not of a very serious type, nor has it, as yet, spread beyond the first isolated case. Medical assistance has been rendered to the patient - a young child - and it is progressing favorably. 