PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am In tbo placo whero I am demanded of consclonco to speak the truth, and, thcreforo, the truth I speak, Impugn it whoso llet." TO CORRESPONDENTS. Letters and other communications Intended for In- sertion in tho news columns should bo addressed to tab Editor. No notice can bo takon of anonymous communications. Every letter must be accompanied by tho namo and address of tho writer, not necessarily for publication, but os a guarantco of good faith. Rejected communications cannot bo returned under any circumstances whatever. To avoid inconvenfonco and delay to persons lnterostod wo havo to request that all bustneas communica- tions, Including adverttaomouts, orders for tho paper, and remittances, be addressed to Wilson oud Mackinnon, and not to tub EDnon. SATURDAY, DEOBMBBR 25, 1875. It is well for mankind, particularly in these modern days, that there are regularly recurring seasons which sug- gest reflection, which call on us to pause in the rush and whirl of existence, while we ponder over the past and scan the future of our race. Amongst all those resting-places on the journey of life, none, perhaps, so forcibly arrests our attention as the great Christian fes- tival which we this day commemo- rate. It is a time, doubtless, of mirth and rejoicing, of deeds of mercy which are " twice blessed," and all | those gracious acts of kindliness which are the salt of our social state. But thoughtful minds will not be wholly absorbed in the contemplation of the festivity and merriment by which they are surrounded, or the works of charity in which they are engaged, or be con- tent to say with the majority, " Let us " eat and drink, for to morrow we die." Bearing in mind the nature of the anni- versary we are again to celebrate, those who take an intelligent interest in affairs of the world and the destinies of humanity, will look abroad over the face of the earth, and ask what progress has been made in the dissemination of those principles which were promul- gated over eighteen hundred years ago by the great moral Teacher, who at this season was born in Bethlehem. Centuries have rolled away since that wondrous Child was cradled in a manger, and every civilised nation has adopted His name, and professes to be guided by His precepts. But while His words are daily on the lips of mil- lions, is His spirit in their hearts? Not- withstanding the "march of intellect," and the development of " free thougt" never had the lowly and despised Nazarene a larger number of nominal followers than at present. His doctrines are studied with the most scrupulous care and the deepest earnestness ; his example is scrutinised with the moat untiring assiduity ; all the re- sources of scholarship are devoted to the discovery of the truth concerning him, and a wealth of learning is lavished in expounding his wisdom. But while the influence exerted by his ethical system on the minds of individuals is perhaps greater than ever it was, we fail to detect any symptoms of a grow- ing regard for it on the part of com- munities. Individual life is strongly leavened in countless instances with the spirit of Christianity, but national conduct appears to be as little regulated by its maxims as it would be if Jesus of Nazareth had never lived, and striven, and died to imbue mankind with the principles of a, purer and nobler morality. If we glance at the condition of Europe, what do we find? Do we see peace and goodwill established between nations and classes? Do men sit under their own vines and fig-trees, " none " making them afraid?" Are all the gentry liberal and considerate to those to whom fortune has been less kind in the lottery of birth, and are the masses tolerably happy and contented in that "state of life to which it " has pleased God to call " them? Can it be said that " all men's "good" is "each man's rule," which ia the distinctive principle of the religion professed by the bulk of the inhabitants of the continent we have alluded to? We know only too well that these and similar questions cannot be answered in the affirmative. If there is one thing more characteristic of this age than another, it is the keenness of the competition which exists in the race for success, with its accompaniments of ease and enjoyment. It is not only to be seen operating between individuals, but also between the different sections of society. In this never-flagging conflict, no quarter is given or expected. They must fight for dear life with all the energy of mind and hand they can bring to the task, for if they fall in the battle, they know they will be ruthlessly trampled under foot, without a thought of pity or a feeling of remorse. Christianity would bid each class bear the burdens of the others, but men in their corporate capacity will not listen to such teachings. There was a time when some community of feeling existed between the different sections of society, but scarcely a year passes by now-a-days without witnessing a deepening and widening of those great gulfs which sepa- rate opposing interests. The consequence is, that labour and capital have come to regard each other as natural and im- placable enemies, and unless a little of the Christian spirit can be infused into their dealings, we very much fear they wUl some day come to blows, and shatter the whole social system by their col- lision. We cannot too frequently call to mind the conditions under which wwe live, and it is impossible to do so with- out recognising the fact that the religion of Christendom has little or nothing to do with its class relations. The reflections which we contend are natural to such a season as this could not fail to bear precious fruit, if persons of all ranks having the ear of their fellows, would determine that henceforth it shall exer- cise a more preponderating influence in the settlement of social and industrial matters. But the social and industrial antagon- ism existing in spite of Christianity ia not greater than the national and political. Christmas-time finds all the nations of the old world armed to the teeth, ready at the bidding of their rulers to fly at each other's throata, for the purpose of avenging some insult, resisting some attack, or promoting some selfish or dynastic end. The train is already laid, and a spark may at any moment lead to an explosion, the consequences of which it is difficult to foresee. And yet the sovereigns who control events, and the people who constitute the puppets with which they play, all profess to be guided by the toaching of the peace loving Jesus. Europe might disarm to-morrow if the various nations of which it is composed desired nothing but what ia just and right, and they would wish for nothing more if thoy wero true to the principles of their creed. We might go on to show that Europe is not the only part of the world where the people's practices are in direct opposition to their religious professions, but those amongst our readers who take an interest in such things can work out the subject for themselves. They will not need to go from homo for examples of the an- tagonism alluded to. It is the custom, we are aware, with many people, to express a belief in the continuous pro- gress of humanity towards perfection. They tell us of the good days coming, when justice and generosity shall reign supreme, and assort that they already see the rays of the rising sun of righteousness illumining the east. But when we see class arrayed against class, and nation against nation, in defiance of the principles they affect to cherish, we must confess that we do not anticipate a speedy advent of the millennium. Wo would not have any- one needlessly despair of the future, for pometimes, when men least expect it, " there ariseth a light in the darkness." The laureate tells us that the ear of faith may " - hear at times a sentinel, Who moves aboat from place to place, Arid whispers to the worlds of space, In the deep night, that all is well." But, nevertheless, it ia difficult to recog- nise the reasBuiing voice amidst tho loud contradictions of a half-hearted world. Tho fact is, the nations of Christendom have been only half con- verted to Christianity, and before we can hope to sen *ftem actuated by its Spirit and guided by its procepts, the process roust be completed. Lot us hope that each succeeding Christinas Day may witness some progress in this di- rection. The absurd airs assumed by some of the most insignificant members of our little Parliament have been alternately a source of amusement and disgust t»1''" onlookers ever since the inauguration of the present constitution. While gentlemen of any mark or standing have been content to conduct them- selves, when out of the House, like or- dinary mortals, submitting to the sams rules and observing the same decencies as private members of the community, theunderetrappersof the Legislature have always held that the right of appending a few letters to their names carried with it a multitude of privileges, amongst others that of transgressing all the regulations which restrain the common herd in various ways. A laughable instance of this assumption was un- earthed on Wednesday, in connexion with the action for libel brought by Mr. O'MALLEY, stationmaster at the Mel- bourne terminus of the Victorian rail- ways, against Messrs. Douglas Elder and A. T. Clark, M.L.A. Mr. Clark, it appears, up to February, 1874, was in the habit of travelling between Mel- bourne and Williamstown in the guards' vans, contrary to the bye law in that case made and provided. We should have thought a first- class carriage would havo been good enough, even for such a distinguished gentleman as the hon. member for Williamstown, but no doubt he felt that if he put up with such ac- commodation, he would be acting like other people, and exhibiting a slavish compliance with the regulations. So, in order to mark the distinction between a privileged representative and an ordi- nary passenger, he thought proper to honour the guard with his company. We cannot imagine any other motive which could have induced him to put up with the discomfort attend- ing such a mode of conveyance, unless, indeed, he thought the opportunities thus afforded him for conversation with an officer of the department were favourable to the collection of materials for those very remarkable mare's nests which he occasionally brings under the notice of the House. Be this, however, as it may, the guard's van continued to be Mr. Clark's favourite carriago, until one day the stationmaster, acting under the order of the " officers whose duty it was to see " that the regulations of the department " were carried out, " objected to the presence of the distinguished sena- tor in a portion of the train not set apart for travellers ; and undeterred by the ceremonious production of a Par- liamentary pass, which its owner evi- dently thought was a sufficient warrant for any proceeding no matter how outrageous, insisted on his getting out. He oven went so far in the execution of his duty as to lay hands on the sacred person of the legislator on his refusal to evacuate his position except under com- pulsion. Smarting under the indignity, this representative of the people, this democratic politician and advocate of social equality, penned a letter of re- monstrance to the Commissioner, which for cool but malignant impertinence is perhaps unsurpassable. The gist of his charge] against the official is, that " in " the most vulgar, loud, and offensive " manner he ordered me (Mr. Clark) " out of the van." We learn, however, from the reply forwarded by direction of Mr. Gillies, that this statement is wholly incorrect. In the minute made by the Minister, we find it stated that " an inquiry into the facts of the case " has led the Commissioner to the con " elusion that Mr. Clark has very in " correctly stated them-it is to be " hoped unintentionally." Such being the case, it is evident that Mr. Clark had no real cause of complaint. He waa civilly requested to quit a carriage he had no righttoenter,and his grievance,if any, was solely of his own creation. If he will intrude himself into places which are not open to the public, he must expect to bo removed like any ordinary individual. If this amounts to a " public indignity," it cannot be helped. There is one very easy way of avoiding such affronts to one's self-esteem, and that is to comply with the regulations. When we find the temperate discharge of duty by an official spoken of as a " public exhibition of insolence," we may imagine how exaggerated is the estimate which this Lilliputian legislator has formed of his own importance. There is only one portion of Mr. Gillies' very temperate and propen reply to this vulgar and truculent com- munication to which we take exception. He says "The Commissioner is not " aware that Parliament has asserted for " its members the privilege to travel in " the van, although there can be little " objection toits exercise by Mr. Clark, " or any other member, if he has really " set his heart upon it, provided there " be accommodation." We object to any distinction being made between members of Parliament and other per- sons, except in such matters as are essential to the proper performance of their legislative duties. In a country like this, equality before the law, in every respect, should be a substantial reality, not a mere parrot-cry. We suffer all the peculiar evils which are inseparable from democratic govern- ment, and we certainly should not be called on, in addition, to tolerate a privileged class. The assumption by any member of the Legislature of su- perior privileges, apart from his repre- sentative work, is an insult to the community, and should not be per- mitted. We published on Friday the prinoipal portions of the report recently adoptod by tho annual mooting of tho contributors to the Ballarat School of Mines. For a long time past wo have taken groat in- terest in this institution, and we regret to find that mattera aro not in a moro prosperous and satisfactory condition. It is the aim of tho counoil to afford superior opportunities to persons ongagod in mining pursuits for obtaining solen tLfio and therofore practical knowledge of all matters connected with their busi- ness ; and olasseB for instruction in many things included in the school's ourrioulura have been formed, and maintained up to the present time, although this has only been accomplished with difficulty. But the efficiency of this sohool, and consequently its usefulness, havo boon rendered impossible by the absence oï adequate funds. During the years 1874 and 1875, £1,050 was all the ?Government could spare towards the .support of an institution intimately con- tacted with one of tho great producing intereBtB of the colony. While the well 'being of this country deponéis to bo large Jan extent on the proper development of its mineral resources, surely it is worse than folly to withhold the assistance necossary to turn out a competent staff of mining engineers. The council tells us that the amounts received, both from the Government and the public, " sup "plemontedoB they have been by foes " from atudonts and others, havo as yet ." proved altogether inadequate to the *' requirements of the institution. A ." larger and better asBurod income is ." thereforo absolutely ossontial if the " work of the school is to bo carried on ?*' in an effective manner." It ia sug- gested that a Royal commission should bo appointed to inquire into the whole «natter, and although we havo no groat -faith as a rule in Boyal commissions, ?we should not object to one in this in- stance, as it might succeed in producing a .report which would have tho effect of call- ing public attention to the importance of the subject. There is an idea containod in the report under notice which is worthy of attentive consideration. Tho council is of opinion that "very much benefit " would accrue to tho colony if scholar " ships in connexion with tho state *c schools were founded, so that diligent <( and specially apt boys, to whom a Uni " versity education might be practically " UBoleBS, could be rowardod and bn ." abled to extend their studies at the ?** School of Mines, .Ballarat, thus quali " fying themselves as mining managers, " assayora, and chemists." Wo certainly think something of tho sort might bo done with advantago,bothto the scholars and the state. Abundance of amusement is provided for holiday-makers to-day. On the Government linea excursion trains will run, the tickets being available for 12 days, while the Mel ?bourne and Hobson'a Bay Railway Company will, as usual, run additional trains to Brighton-beach, Numerous marine excur- sions will be made down thebay, The Golden Crown will proceed to Queenscliff and Sorrento, the Murray and Sprightly to Schnapper Point; the Williams to Queenscliff and Portsea; tbe VVarhawk to Schnapper Point and Dromana, and the Rob Roy to Gee- long. In the evening the Philharmonic So- ciety will sing the "Messiah," at the Town hall ; while at the opera-house a grand sacred \- -concert will be given, consisting of selections from the "Messiah"and the "Creation," in which Miss Emilio Mol ville and Mr. Armes Beaumont will take part It has been considered necessary to hold an inquest on the body of Robert Beeth, the young man who died under the operation of lithotomy performed on him by Mr. Beaney, at the Melbourne Hospital. The order for the exhumation of the body has been given by the Minister of Justice, and a post-mortem examination will be made. The inquest .will be held by the city coroner, Dr. Youl. The Treasurer, in the absence of the Chief Secretary, has called upon Dr. Paley, the superintendent of the lunatic asylums, to furnish him with a report on the series of statements made by Ellen M'Kee, a dis- missed attendant from the Kew asylum, concerning the troatment of the patients there. This woman baa published a statu- tory declaration, in which she states -that she Baw an attendant heat a patient with a broom handle and throw htr down and trample on her chest ; that she also saw an attendant striko a -patient on the head with a boot, and that . other instances of cruelty and of neglect occurred. Her remonstrances to the higher authorities in the osjlum received no atten tion, and being subjected to crael persecution for endeavouring to expose abuses, she was afterwards compelled to be silent. These Berious charges will be fully investigated, -and the truth ascertained. In justice to the . persons accused, it should be mentioned that the woman M'Kee had an opportunity of making these charges before the board ap- pointed to consider her case. If the facts she alleges be true, her Bilence hitherto is in the highest degree discreditable to her, and all her statements must be received with strong Suspicion. The Minister of Mines has received the following telegram from Mr. J. C. H. Ogier, -warden at Wood's Point, with reference to the alleged discovery of a coal-mine near Mansfield :-" I have received the following telegram from the president of the Mansfield Shire Council:-'Byrne's father and biother . came to seo me to-day. Both state positively that John's statement is correct ; that he has discovered coal, and is only waiting for a Government reward to he advertised. They assert the moment reward is offered John will make known the spot. I am inclined to believe their statement. Is there any re- ward ? '-(Signed) J. C. H. Ogieb." In another column will bo found a list of -the candidates who have passed the matricu- lation and civil service examinations of the . October term 1875. The manager at Adelaide reports that the "MadraBand Penang cablehaabeen restored," and direct communication with Europe re- sumed. It is notified in the Qaztltt that the Go- vernment of Tasmania has intimated that the im portation into any part of Tasmania is pro- hibited of cattle imported forany purpose other than slaughter from ( in ttr alia) any part of the colony of Victoria, unless the owner of such cattle shall produce to the inspecting officer appointed by the Governor in Council, at the port in Tasmania whero the same shall arrive, a certificate in writing, Bigned by a duly qualified veterinary surgeon, to the effect that such cattle were inspected and examined by him immediately before ship- ment, and that they were at the time they -were so inspected and examined by him free Irom any contagious or infectious disease -whatever which would be likely to propagate ?amongpr men or animals any euch contagious or infectious disease, or any other disease. Jt is also intimated by the Tasmanian Go "vernmenfc that the importation into Tas inania is prohibited of the carcases of cattle, 'Sheep, and pigs which haye been exportod .from (inter alia) the colony of Victoria. Monday, January 3, will bo observed as -.a bank holiday throughout the colony. The discovery and remedy of the break in 'the submarine cable between Victoria and 'Tasmania waa a work of no small difficulty. The break took place on December 1, but ?piior to that the cable had Bhowed signs of .leakage, and the mirror telegraph, a very -Bensitive instrument, capable of being worked With a small battery, had been used to ascer "tain tbo locality of the defect. The heavy Sales at the end of last month, which turned alias's Straits into a sea of foaming breakers, completed the damage, however, and the break in the cabio occurred as stated. 'The superintendent of the Cable Company, -Air. Warren, immediately endeavoured to £nd out where the fault was situated, and for this purpose applied the instrument known as Wheatstone's bridge to measure 'the resistance of the wiro, and by that 'means to discover whereabouts in the cable "the break had occurred. The result showed him that the break waa within live or six miles of the Tasmanian shoro, and the rough 'tests made by Mr. Payter from the Victorian :Bide corroborated this view. Mr. Payter ?conducted the test through 70 miles 'Of land wire in addition to the 179 "miles of cable. His results agreed with 'those of Mr. Warren within two or three rmilea, The locality of the break having been tpretty closely ascertained, measures were at cni e taken to raise the cable and repair the .defect. The Government steam-tug Tamar .Waa obtained, and tho necossary apparatus .Icing placed on hoard, a start was in ido to pick up the cable near East Bay. When the ..weather permitted the boats wero out grappling, and on December 16, aft two and a halt days' labour the cab was picked np about three miles fro the Tasmanian shore. On the te. being applied the defect wa« fonnd I bo between the tag and the flhor Communication was established with Vi toria without difficulty. The tug ran i [ towards the Tasmanian shore, picking u the cable, which was fonnd to be very mac chafed and tom by the rugged rocks o I which it had lain. The break was discovers about two miles from shore, and a piece < cable was spliced ia and the defect r< paired. The chafing of the cable wa so severe that the outer covering, consistin of stoat iron wire, was completely partee and thB gutta percha core broken throngt We have been shown some photographs o the break in the cable, which indicate clearl the great friction to which the cable ha been subjected. The Victorian and New South Wales team had both an excellent practico on difToren parts of the Melbourne ground yesterda; afternoon. The public interest which i being shown in the intercolonial contest wa evidenced by the large number of spectators nearly 2,000, who witnessed tho practice The bowling was in the amendant, provini very effective through tho deadneBS of thi wickets. Spofforth's trundling, which wai especially admired, proved extremely destruc tive to the wickets of his fellow Welshmen The Victorians exhibited more energy it their practice than they have hitherto done and went through a good afternoon's work The Sydney men are still, however, slighlh, the favourites, although it is recognisec that the contest will be a very tougl one, whichever team prove the victors Mr. Curtis Reid has been appointed umpire and Mr. Hipwell scorer for the Victoriai team. The arangements on the ground fo the convenience of the public during thi match are very complete. A telegraph wiri has been extended to the ground, and wil be open for the use of the public A banque will be given to the New South Wales team at the Athenaeum, on Thursday next. Thi catering has been entrusted to Mr Gnnsler. The weekly mortality from the scarlet fever epidemic is decreasing. The Centra Board of Health hove received reports oi fresh cases at Portsea and Rye, and at Yam. buk, in the Belfast shire. A case of scarlet fever has also occurred in the Chines« quarter in Little Bourke-street. Sanitär] requirements are utterly neglected by thi inhabitants in that quarter, and attentioi should at once be paid to the matter to pre vent the disease spreading. The first number of the Melbourne Review a magazine to bo published quarterly, wil appear on the 1st of January. It will contaii articles upon a variety of interesting subjects Mr. Marcus Clarke will contribute "Thi Story of the Eureka Stockade;" Mr H. M. Andrew, M.A., an article upoi " Brain Waves ;" Mr, E E. Morris, M.A., at article on "History and Geography;" tin Rev. R, Totter, B.A., an article upon "Thi Relation of the State to Religious ant Ecclesiastical Bodies in Victoria." A re view of public affairs in Victoria, and tw< critical reviews of Christmas stories wil also appear. It will be remembered that since the las meeting of the Victorian Rifle Assooiatioi at Sandridge, there havo been many com plaints made relative to the decision in thi Cavalry Skirmishing match, and Major Calel Anderson bas been accused of favouritisa in awarding the prize to the section from th< Castlemaine troop. Those who were presen as unbiassed spectators fully agreed with thi decision of tho judge, but the Bacckui Marsh troop have called the decision ir question, and contended that they shoulc have been declared the winners. Then has been a great deal of correspondenci passing to and fro on the subject and it has been wound up by the followini letter from Major Caleb Anderson :-" Mel bourne, December 22, 1875.-To Captait Grant, Commanding Bacchus Marsh Troop P. of W. V.V. Light Horse.-Sir,-In for warding for your information the papers re ceived by me from the council of the V.R.A. I would express my regret that men can be found in the BocchuB Marsh troop whe would attempt to filch from their comrade! the honourable reward of their exertions, gained in a fair field and without favour where all did their best to win, undei conditions that wero fully explained and understood, and which met with no objeo tion before the competition began. I furthei regret that the officer commanding, the Bacchus Marsh troop should not only tolerate the claim advanced by the section sent bj him to compete, but also lend the weight of his position by forwarding the papers after the verbal explanation given to him of the whole circumstances of the case, and know ng that an officer of his own troop was pre- sent, and formed one of the jury of five officers who decided on the field at the time who were the winners. I received their ver. diets without remark, and announced it to the competitors, and have no reason to im- pugn the decision of the officers referred to. I know it to be perfectly juat Their names are, Captain Eraser, commanding Maryborough troop; Captain Bruce, commanding Mel- bourne troop ; Acting-Captain Sibley, Sand- hurst troop : Lieutenant M'Farlane, Bacchus Marsh troop ; Veterinary Surgeon Mitchell, Melbourne troop. Tina note is to be posted in your orderly-room, and read at the first commanding officer's parade.-I have the honour to be, sir, your most obedient humble servant, (signed) Caleb Anderson, Major Commanding Regiment P. of W. V. V. L. Horse." A University scholarship of £50, tenable for three years, bos just been thrown open for competition to young men intending to study for the Presbyterian Church of Vic- toria. We understand this scholarship is the gift of a gentleman who takes a warm interest in the welfare of this country, but who for the present withholds his name. We understand that Mr. M. Elliott, the Melbourne manager of the Bank of Austra- lian, bos accepted the general management of the National Bank of Now Zealand. This adds another to the long list of capable bankers furnished by Victoria to the sister colony. Friday is generally a dull day on the Flem- ington training ground, but the heavy showers that fell yesterday morning made matters oven more dull than is usually the case. Several horses were brought on the ground to work, but the rain interfered greatly, and as there was no prospect of fine weather, the ground was cleared early in the morning, Mr. F. Dakin watched a chance, and managed to give Newminster and New- bold a half-mile spin togethor, in which the colt Bhowed most foot. The other work done was entirely without interest. The ap- proach of the "festivo season" appears to bave entirely put a stop to betting on the Champion Meeting. Newminster is very firm at 5 to 2 for the Two-year-old Stakes ; 6 to 1 is offered against any other. For the Champion Race Richmond was baoked yes terd ay at i to 1. Robin Hood would be taken at 6 to 1. Melbourne ia firm at C to 1, and the same price is offered against Maid of AU Work, but with no tokers. Golds-rough's price is quoted at 10 to _, The annual race meeting on the Williams- town comae, which takes place on Monday next, should give some very good sport. A special train will leave tho Spencer-street station at 11.30 a.m., setting the passengers down at the temporary platform on the Geelong line a few hundred yards away from the course, and returning at C o'clock in the evening. The programme is a good one, and the horeos engaged are of good quality. The events to be Tun off aro the Laverton Stakes, the Werribee-park Handicap (for which there are 20 entries), the Williams- town Handicap (with 10 entries), the Handi- cap Hurdle Race (with 15 entries), the Amateur Hurdle Race, and the .oiling Ruco. Betting on this meeting will bo left till urrival on the ground. In the case of Bishop v, Smith, tho Supreme Court gave judgment yesterday, on an app cation to sot aside a marriage B.ttlemei executed in favour of the defendant, and I bold that the plaintiff was entitled to ti property. The marriage was solemnise Bome years ago, but was set aside a fe monthssince, at the instance of thedefendan The plaintiff contended that as the marriag had been declared null ho was entitled I obtain the property he had settled on tb defendant. The Court yesterday decreed the he was not entitled to it, and made a deere accordingly, with coate. In the Supreme Court yesterday, judgment was given in one of the applications made in re Winder, ex parte Slack. Winder had ap plied to bring some land under the operation of the Lands Transfer Statute. Slack ob jected, and lodged a caveat. After a time an application was made, on behalf of Winder to remove this caveat, and Slack not appeal ing, it was granted. The next move was Slack's, and he applied to rescind the order made in favour of Winder, on the grounds that he had not had proper notice of it. On this motion the Court yesterday decided by a majority (Mr. Justice Fellows and Mr. Jus tice Stephen against Mr. Justice Barry) that Slack did not have legal notice of it, and therefore rescinded the order made in Win der's favour. Mr. John Burnett Box (of the Victoria! bar, and a member of the society of tin Inner Temple) was on the I7th December ad mitted to the bar of New South Wales, 01 the motion of Mr. Salomons. The Melbourne General Sessions wer continued yesterday in the County Cour before It. W. Pohlman, Esq., chairman, am Mr. J. Prince. George Young, a billiard marker, surrendered to his bail to answer ai information charging him with stealing i watch. The prisoner was tried at the las see.ions.and the jury could not then agree to i verdict, but the jury yesterday found hin guilty of feloniously receiving tho watch He was sentenced to one year's imprison ment. Sentences were then passed as foi lows :-Wm. Turner, who pleaded guilty ti burglary and stealing, six months' imprison nient; George Thompson, an old offender for feloniously receiving stolen property three years' imprisonment ; Louisa Ander son, a servant girl, for stealing £1210s. ant other property from her employer, two years imprisonment ; Elizabeth Johnson, for steal ing two £10-notea, four years' imprisonment cumulative on a sentence of six months shi is serving for another offence. The Cour then adjourned until the 1st Februar; next. In the Insolvent Court yesterday, Jamei O'Day, who had been ordered on the previoui day to deliver np a promissory note for £9G which he had received as part payment fo: some cottages, attended at tho court, ant gave up the note. The warrant that hat been ordered to issue for his arrest, in casi he did not deliver up the note, was then can celled. Mr. James Wise, Elmhurst, has been ap pointed a jastice of the pea.8 for tbi Western bailiwick. Mr. John Blunden Terrick Terricks, has been removed from thi commission of the peace for the Midlant bailiwick. The following promotions in the voluntee: force are gazetted:-First Metropolitan V Battalion Northern Rifles-Sergeant Cliarlei Bicharda to be lieutenant, seniority to datt from April 26,1875. Mount Alexander Bat talion- Second Castlemaine V. Rifles (Kyne ton detachment), Lieutenant and Brevet Captain William John Thirkettle to be cap tain, seniority to date from December 6 1873\. Captain William John Thirkettle te be officer commanding the detachment. The weekly abstract of births and deaths registered in the metropolitan and suburbar registration districts during the week endin¡ 18th December, 187-, shows 118 births am 124 deaths. Of the total deaths, _8, or full; 35} per cent., were of children not excoedin) the age of three years, 21 being under oin year. The deaths reported as occurring fron Bcarlet fever amount to 38. A further improvement in the construe tion of the most popular of all música instruments-the pianoforte-was exhibitet yesterday afternoon at Messrs. Nicholsoi and Aacherberg's, in Collins-Btreet east Thi instrument was a " grand " by F. Erhbar, o Vienna, and the special point wherein ii displayed a higher development of ingenuity on the part of its constructor was in tht mode of "stringing." In ordinary pianos the reader knows that the end of the string, after passing over the "bridge," is rove through feltto prevent vibration, andfastenec to a pin or peg, as the case may be. In the instrument we speak of the felt is done awaj with, and the wire is supported before reaching the pin by a second " bridge," and with this re_ult, namely, that when the wire íb struck, to produce its normal tone, the extra length sustained between the twe bridges vibratoB in sympathy, and givee out its enharmonic sound, to the groat increase of power, depth, brilliancy, and sweetness, of the tone intended to be produced. Another improvement in this instrument is that the soundboard is as nearly as possible made to represent the "belly"of a violin. We were informed by Messrs. Nicholson and Ascherberg that the great Ilubenstein, having had this kind of instrument introduced to his notice, will not now play on any other sort. In the trial to which we were witness yesterday, Mrs. Learmonth, one of our most accomplished pianist-B, was the player. Her selections consisted of the"Spring Song" ("Lieder ohne worte"-Mendelssohn); "Auf flugeln des gPBanges" - Mendelssohn, transcribed by I-.ller; Wallace's " Polka do Concert," and the adagio movement in the Moonlight Sonata of Beethoven. In each of these the beauty of the instrument and the admirable style of the player were shown in the best and most mutually favourable light. An accident which might have been more serious occurred to a butcher's delivery cart last evening, shortly after six o'clock, in Collins-street, While the road-engine of the corporation is at work, it is usual to stretch a rope from one side of the street to the other, barring traffic over that part of tho street on which the engine is operating, as also a notice-board, to the effect that traffic is stopped. The driver of the cart in question would seem not to have observed either the rope or the notice, for he allowed the horse to come abreast of the rope and stumble over it, breaking both shafts, and giving the driver an ugly fall. No more serious injury, however, resulted. The Tasmanian Steam Navigation Com- pany invite applications through our adver- tising columns, from persons desirous of conducting an agency of the company in Melbourne, Applications will be received at the head office, Hobart Town, until Januaiy 10. A complimentary lunch will be givon- to the Rev, D. Macdonald, D.D., at Scott's Hotel, on Decomber 28, prior to his departure to Scotland to represent the Presbyterian Church of Viotoria at tho Pan-Presbyterian Council, to be held at Edinburgh, ia July, 187G. In the District Police Court yesterday, Mr. Frank W. Fenton, a reporter, summoned Mr. John Rider, another reporter, for assault. The evidence for the complain- ant showed that Messrs, Fenton and Rider were at tho Infirmary for Diseases of the Chest, Ear, and Eye, on Friday week, reporting the half-yearly meeting of the management, and that oach of them was in the ordinary way handed a printed report regarding the work of the institution during the year. Mr. Fenton crossed out portions of this report which he did not intend to use, and Mr. Rider ob- jected to the manner in which he did this before the officer who had drawn up the report. When the meeting was over Mr. Rider waited at the door for Mr. Fenton, and. as they walked away together said, "lam waiting for you to tell you what a ------cad I think you are to mark out that report in the presence ot the man who wrote it." Mr, Fenton did not teply, and a little further on Mr. Rider again called him a "----ead," and told bim not to apeak to him again Mr. Fenton replied that the feeling was reciprocal, whereupon Mr. Rider said, "Oh, is it?" and struck him suddenly twice with his walking stick on the side of the head and on the forehead a third blow missing, as Mr. Fenton stag- gered on one side. Mr. Rider walked on and Mr. Fenton, after in some degree recovering from his confusion, was as- sisted to a chemist's shop and thence to the Hospital, where sticking-plaster was applied to the cut on his forehead. A gentleman who saw the assault deposed that the brutal nature of the attack, as seen from across the street, induced bim to go over. Mr. Read, for the defence, said that Mr, Rider, a much older reporter than the other, was annoyed by the Iatter's unpro- fessional manner, and his remarks not being received in good part, he made a blow, in- tending to hit Mr. Fenton on the legs or shoulders, and not to touch his head. Mr. Call, P.M., suggested that the parties should arrange the matter amicably, and that the defendant, who was greatly to blame, and had committed a serious offence, should pay the costs. Mr. Read said the defendant was sorry for having acted as he had, in the heat of the moment, and tendered an apology. He was willing to pay costs. Mr. Fenton accepted this compromise, and the case was adjourned till Tuesday, on the underatanding that if the costs awarded (£4 4s.) were paid by that time the case would be dismissed. Alice Mankiwcz, widow of the man wbj committed suicide on Friday week, waa dis posed of by the City Bench yesterday on thi charge of threatening to kill herself. J week's incarceration had calmed her excite ment, and as the woman promised to behav well for the future she was discharged. Two boys named M'Manus, aged 12 year and 10 years respectively, were drowned oi Thursday evening in a clay hole at the come of Toorak-road and Dandenong- road. One o the lads, a cripple, accidentally fell into thi hole by the slipping of his crutch, and wa drowned. The other boy in trying to savi him was also drowned. The bodies havi since been recovered, and an inquest will bi held. We hare been requested lo state that a the Volunteer Church Parado to take plao at the Town-hall to-morrow afternoon, thi main entrance will be kept for the volun teers only, while the general public will hav> access to the galleries by the upper door ii Swanston-sti eet. His Excellency the Acting Governor will be present, and sevei al clergy men, together with a largo choir assisted b. the volunteer bands, will take part in thi ceremony. There will be no charge for ad mission, but a collection in aid of the Hoe pital Sunday Fund will be made at the con elusion of tbe service. Yesterday morning, at about 11 o'clock the body of a man unknown was found float ing in the Yarra, near Prince's-bridge, am waa removed to the Melbourne morgue fo identification and inquest. It is describe! as that of a man about 35 or 40 years old about 5ft. 8in. or Oin. high, rather stout, witt light complexion, light-coloured hair, am beard all over face ; dressed in old stripe« tweed trousers, light-coloured cotton shirt and lace-up boots. In the pocket was fount a scrap of paper, on which was written "Nicholas Week, 21 December." The body which bore no outward mark of violence appeared to have been a considerable tinv in the wator. A man named Sterling was admitted intt the Bendigo Hospital at half-past 11 o'cloct yesterday morning, suffering from a com pound fracturo of the leg, concussion o the brain, and bruises over his body, causee by a horse which he was leading bolting witt him at Runnymede, dragging him along thi ground for about three miles. He hac twisted the rope attached to the halter rounc hisarm, and could not undo it when the horsi Btartod. On Thursday night, a minor nam.ee John Moyle was admitted into the hospita suffering from a compound fracture of hil right leg, a scalp wound, and contusions oi bia back, caused by a fall of earth in the mint of the Johnson'sReef Company. He was ther in a state of partial collapse. He graduait, sank, and died from the injuries at half-pasl 4 o'clock yesterday morning. The districl coroner opened an inquest in the afternoon, but had to adjourn it until next Wednesdaj for the attendance of witneBses. Four ol the jurymen were fined £3 each for non. attendance. A young man named John Mortyn, residing in the vicinity of Stawell, Ima been arrested in Geelong, and will be called on next Tues day to explain upon what grounds he obtained an advance upon 1,200 sheep from Messrs. DennyB, Lascelles, and Co. in April last, From what has transpired, itappears that the Bheep were given as security for repayment ol the loan.in addition toan acceptance endorsed byhisfather.RoderickMortyn. Mr.Dennys, ol the firm alluded to, proceeded to Mr. Martyn'e land some time afterwards, but did not find him athome. He was, however, informed thal Martin had never had so many sheep on the place. This has led to the proceedings now taken. Mr. Martyn had been recom- mended by a Ballarat bank. Thora is reason to believe that other stock agents have had similar transactions. The servant-girl employed at the Crown Hotel, Geelong, has made a statement whicb explains the origin of the fire which occurred there on Thursday morning. Slie states that on going to the ash-heap againBt the billiard room and workshop wall, Bhe stirred up the hot cinders, when the gas-meter, enclosed in a wooden box for the service of the billiard room, seemed to light up, the gas evidently escaping. This, she states, caused an explo Bion, and the wall caught fire directly. Mr. GleniBter's policy in the Victoria Company has been found to be quite valid. A man named George Chapman was yester- day fined 40s., or 14 days' imprisonment, for currying firearms within the borough of Wil- liamstown. He went to the Builders' Arms Hotel, and obtained one shilling's worth of beer from a girl by pointing a revolver (not loaded) at her and frightening her. He called a second time, and the girl screamed, when her father, George Gilbert, came out and threw a bottle at the fellow, who i ia me diatly bolted. He was half drunk. The police did not consider it advisable to pro- secute him under the criminal law. He ap- peared to be a respectable man, and had been teacher in a state school at one time. A curious mishap occurred at Clunes on Tuesday afternoon, December 21. The train from Ballarat was having some empty carriages detached, when, mistaking a signal, thediiver stat ted the engine, leaving some occupied carriages and the guard's van be- hind. The mistake was not discovered till arrival at Talbot, when it was found necea eary for the engine to return for the pissen. geiB and van left behind. " The same even- ing," sayB the Talbot Leader, "the goods train from Maryborough to Ballarat got stuck on the hill about half a mile from the Talbot station through insufficiency of steam power. A start was made at lost, and after about half an hour's delay, the journey was pro- ceeded with," The adjourned inquiry into the strange cnBo of suicide which occurred recently at Amherst was concluded on Tuesday, 21st inst. The adjournment took place with the view of discovering the weapon with which the deceased, John Rogers, was supposed to have inflicted the wounds on his arm and leg, which caused his doath. This ovidenco was supplied, a knife known to have be- longed to Rogers having been found con. cealed in a hollow in the floor of his hut. It was covered over with congealed hard blood. The medical eivdonce Bhowod that the wounds in the arm had divided sevoral large veins. The jury returned tho following verdict :-" That deceased died of bleeding from wounds on his arm and leg, which wo believe to havo been self-inflicted whilst he was in an unSound Btate of mind. We consider that his death took place either on tbo Milli, 17th, or 18tb of Docombor." A superstitious feeling on the part of some of tho residents ia the neighbourhood prompted them to burn down the hut whet the unfortunate man died. The Talbc Leader states " that some mystery was cor nected with Rogers's antecedents. He ha the reputation of being a miser, and an ide prevailed that he waa in reality the owner r bank, mining, and other shares, beside business intereata of various description« This belief is entertained by a gentle ma: well known and respected, and holding ai official position in Talbot, to whom the de ceased has stated that the name he wa known by waa an assumed one ; that hi real designation was John Blundell Bloom field, that he was the nephew and heir o Lord Redesdale, and the legitimate owner c considerable landed property in the Unitei Kingdom." The end of the s.S. Pride of the Tamat which was recently wrecked, is thus givei by the Launceston Examiner of the 2l8t inst. -"From intelligence brought to town b; several vessels from the Straits, it appear pretty certain that this vessel has driftet against a reef, and sunk close to some of thi islands in the Straits. Captain Burgess, o the Tasman, states that on the 10th inst. Mr Armstrong, who resides on Sisters Island picked up on the boach a deck which hi believed to bo that of the little steamer, am Captain Green, of the Rose, who also live: on the Sisters, confirms the intelligence He states that it was a new deck, evidentl; not belonging to a sailing vessel, as then was no mast hole, and that the steame: probably struck a reof just off tho island floating off the deck, but that the bul would be sunk by the weight of the ma chinery. Theisland wassearched, but no otho traces of a wreck were found. There seems however, to have been some other wreck it the Straits, as Captain Burgess mention! that he found wreckage on Primo Sea Island ; amongst it a boat's rudder witt ' Essie Black' burnt into the wood. He alse Btates that the cutter Pearl is ashore at Capí Portland. She took some sheep from Greer Island to Cape Portland about a fortnigh ago, and anchored under the reef off the Capí while her master, Charles Mullina, wen ashore in the dingy to report their arrival te Mr. FoBter at the station. There were bu two hands left on board the cutter, and l breeze sprung up bo that Mullins could no1 return in the dingy, and the vessel draggec her anchors and drifted on to the reef jus abreast of Mr. Foster's house. Her stern post is smashed, keel broken, and a hole knocked in the bilge, so that it ia doubtfu ' if she can be got off, but no steps have beer taken as yet to float her, and her skippa: has gone to Flinders Island, after waitinf Bome time for an answer from her owner." A curious rumour is afloat in reference to the Theatre Royal, Bollarat. The Couriei states that " years ago, when the theatre was first erected by a company, Mr. Bouchier, the owner of the land, gave the site to the company on condition that the building erected upon it should be used solely as s theatre, and should be kept open as a public place of amusement. It is now asserted that legal steps are to be taken against the present owner of the building for breach of the conditions upon which the land wae given." "The works on the second section of the Geelong to Colac Railway are," writeB the Geelong Advertiser, " being carried out with due speed, but the recent wet weather has necessitated the partial suspension for the time being of many of the heavier pieces oi work. The greatest difficulty so far has been that experienced in the forest, from which some heavy timber has been drawn, and it is here that it has been found difficult te push on the works with the degree of Bpeod required for the due performance of the contract." A subscription is being made in Sydney, remarks the Echo, "for the purpose of raising funds to send Mr. E. Trickett to Europe te compete for the sculling championship ol England. Mr. James Funcb, an Australian champion rower, has offered to accompanj Mr. Trickett at his own expense." The Brisbane Courier mentions that " leprosy has made ita appearance among the Chinese on tho Palmor gold-field, and steps bave been taken to prevent Chinese lepera from mixing with the residents of Edwards town." Captain Ralph Chandler, commander o£ the U.S. B. Swatara, which brought the officers of the American scientific expeditions to these colonies to view the Transit of Venus in December last, haa received pro- motion. The Washington Herald of the 21th of October states that " The Swatara, third rate, Commander A T, Cooke, is lying off the Battery, at New York, ready for sea, and will sail soon. Tier sailing was delayed last week for some minor repairs. Captain Chandler has been promoted from commander of a thiid-rate to captain of one of the four first rate line of battleships in the American navy, namely, the steamer Wabash, 45 guns, 3,000 tons burthen, and his new command is now stationed at Boston." The Hobart Town Mercury mentions that Híb Excellency the Governor has received a despatch from the Secretary of State for the Colonies, notifying the award of the Gilchrist Scholarship to Mr. Charles James Pike, son of Mr. H. M. Pike, of the City School, Hobart Town. According to the pass-list of the June matriculation examination of the University of London, with which the Gilchrist Scholar- ship is connected, Pike passed a most suc- cessful examination, being classed in the honours division. The loss of the Tasmanian scholarship by one mark - though he was virtually quite equal to Doran-caused great sympathy to be felt for him, which was increased when it was known that Parlia- ment had been prorogued ^ofore having an opportunity of rewarding him to some oxtent for the disappointment he had sustained. This being Christmas Day, only a very few .cricket matches will bo played. Among them will be the following -.-Fitzroy v. Creswick at Fitzroy ; Richmond Oval C.C. v. View- point GC, at Sandhurst; and East Rich- mond v. West Richmond, at Richmond. The "Fakir of Oolu" successfully opened his second season in Melbourne lastevoning at St. George's-hall. The first part of the enteitainment consisted of a Beries of viows of alpine scenery (including an ascent of Mount Blanc), which wore much admired. The illusion which formed so popular a portion of Dr. Sylvester's entertainment on his last visit to Melbourne-the " En. chanted Girl," who apparently resta in mid-air quite unsupported was again presented, and proved no less success- ful than before, the termination of the scene being received with gi oat applause. The great novelty of the evening was the "ghost scene," which was well carried out, and proved extremely entertaining. A traveller is lost in a forest in the midst of a storm at tho " witching time of night," when several spectres, "grave and gay," pleas- ing and horrible, appear to distract him. The ghosts have all the appearance of "solid flesh," but vanish into thin air on mortal touch. The illusion is oxcel lently managed, and evoked continued applause. Tho only drawback to the com- plete success of the scone was the acting of the ghoBt-seer, whose monologue was very indifferently written, and by no moans pleasantly delivered, The indireot adver- tising of a few local hotels was particularly objectionable Tho illuminated fountain, with several improvements since its last ex- hibition, was one of the most pleasing features of tho entertainment. A harle- quinade in dumb show, tho Ggures of the performers being thrown on the illuminated curtain from behind, also provod very divert- ing, especially to the juvenile portion of the audience. Tho Apollo-hall was again well attended last evening, and the varied entertainment presented was received with its customary success. Baby Bonson received several encores for her singing and dancing, and the songs givtn by Miss Borton and Messrs. Farley and Read, wero received with great favour, A trio, "Excelsior," in which Miss Pius took part, was excellently rendered, and met with special favour, A now pro gramme will bo given on Monday night. The engagement of Messrs. Beaumont Read and Farley ends with next week. There was a large attendance at the Opera house last night, when a most spirited re- presentation of "La Perichole" was given. Some account of tho new pantomime will be found in another column. We have received the following additional subscriptions in response to our appeal on behalf of Mrs. Colclough and her children: \- Mr. Coppin, £2; Wellwisher, £1. We have received the following additional donations for the Christmas charities at the Immigrants' Home :- Dr. Bowen, £2; E. M., £1 ; F. H" £1. The Rev. Dr- Cairns will preach hia fare- well sermon to-morrow morning at Chalmers Church. The Rev. Groundwater Fraser will preach in the evening. The Rev. T. F. Bird will recommence his course of lectures upon Christ to- morrow evening, when the subject will be " Christ, the sin-killer." The opera-house being occupied to-morrow evening with the necessary preparations for the forthcoming pantomime, we are requested to state that Mr. Charles Bright will not lec- ture until the following Sunday, January 2. For the convenience of shippers, the sail- ing of the s.S. City of Adelaide for Sydney has been postponed' from 2 until 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, the 28th inst., to give them the opportunity of executing any orders re- ceived during the holidays. The vicar-general, Dr. Macartney, preaches to-morrow morning at St. Luke's, North Fitzroy, and the Rev. Mr. Rodda, in the evening. At the morning service the holy communion will be administered, the Sunday being the first succeeding the confirmation by the right rev. the Bishop of Ballarat. At the annual meeting of the parishioners of Christ Church, Hawthorn, held in the Bchoolroom, the following gentlemen were elected to office for the ensning year: -Messrs. Palmer, LaweB, and Moline as churchwardens, and Messrs. Wright, Wallan, Moore, Downes, Morrah, Wai dill, Brown, nnd Robertson as vestrymen. The Rev. W. Wood, the incumbent, stated that the past year had been a most prosperous one for the church. A new organ is in course of erec- tion for the church, at a cost of nearly £500. A lecture on "The Old Country" waa de- livered on Thursday evening in the Assembly hall, St. Kilda,'by Mr. James Stewart Smith, the mayor of the borough presiding. The lecturer, after reviewing England in its social, religious, and political aspect, wound up by an elaborate peroration in connexion with tho coming festivo season. Several musical illustrations were then given by lady and gentleman amateurs. The rendering by Miss Jukes of "Rocked in the Cradle of the Deep " was much applauded. The proceeds of the lecture are to be devoted towards the building fund of the St. Kilda Baptist Church. A voto of thanks to the chairman and lecturer closed the proceedings. The following is a return of cases relieved weekly by the committee of the Melbourne Ladies' Benevolent Society for the fortnight ending December 21 :-Families, G05 (num- bering 1.053 individuals), comprising widows, 317 ; sick and inilrm, 107 ; deserted wives, 49 ; wives whose husbands are iu prison, 10 ; wiveB whose huBbands are abBent, 29; wives whose husbands are partially em- ployed, 21 ; do. unemployed, 17 ; aged couples, 32 ; cinglo women, 22 ; miscellaueous, 1 ; outlay during the fortnight in relief of casos, £175 5s. 8Jd. Industrial Home.-Inmates, 32 ; expenses during the fortnight, £20 14s. 5d.: earnings do., £17 15s. 3d. Contributions will be thankfully received by the hon. treasurer, Mrs. Dunn, Little Lonsdale-street west, by any member of committee, or by the collector, Mr. A. Grant, Bridge-street, Rich- mond. The weekly meeting of the committee of the Immigrante' Aid Sooiety was held yester. day. The superintendent reported the state of the house as follows ¡-Number remaining last week, 4C6 ; admitted' since, 103 ; dis- charged, 112 ; remaining, 265 men, 108 women, and 84 children-in all 457. There are 110 men, C2 women, and 21 children sick ; 12 men bag-making, 124 oakum-pick- ing, ko., and 13 working outside; 10 women in the laundry, 22 hair-teasing, J &c.; Out-door relief was given to 13 families, or 47 individuals, on presenting the relief cards of the society. A large number of donations have boen received to- wards the Christmas festivities of the in- mates. Messrs. P. J. Martin, M'Cracken, and Aitken havo each forwarded a hogshead of ale, and presenta of flour, sugar, tobacco, fruit, _c, have been received from some of the leading mercantile firms in the city. The young ladies attending the Wattle-house School, St. Kilda, have sent a largo and valuable parcel of clothes for tho uso of tho inmates. _ 