AMERIc.eA CURIosrrY.--Iu an amusing communiocation addressed to the Athenmoum, Mr. William Black complains of the letters of impertinent inquiry lhe gets from America asking him for particulars of his private andi domestic lifo. He says :-" Now my domes tic affairs are pretty comfortable; but I can not for the life of me uuderstand why they should be of the slightest interest to a stranger. ,Of what concern can it be to anybody to know whether my income is de rived from Indian four per cents., or from a share in a public-house? whether I have a blind aunt, or a brother gone over to the Roman Catholic church? And if this objec tion applies to private inquirers, how much more to public and official inquirers ? Some little time ago the sub-editor of a Now York daily newspaper wrote to me begging me to send him the proper materials for the con struction of an ' obit.' He said it was the custom of his journal to keep these 'obits' in readiness. 'Heoaven forbid '-as near as I can recollect, those were his pious and comforting words-' that I should epoeulate on the possibility of having to use those bio graphical memoranda in your case; but I must tell you that sometimes we find oci-a sion to use an 'obit' during the lifo of thie subject.' It may be said-' Why don't you leavo those friendly but imprudent letters alone?' But wait at bit. The other day' a gentleman, commissioned to reprosent one of the best-known of American mnagazinos,. wrote to me as follows:-" Another matter, of which I speakc with diffidence, ;is Afi; \- 's anxiety to secure a criiical-bigraphii cal sketch of your life and works. I have reason to believe that you shrink from the sort of publicity eotaile i by a biographical notice. but you know America publishers and editors. They will harve it sm- away correctly if possible, incorrectly if not; and it would surely be better to have fact than fiction.' This sounded so very like a threat that I immediately began to ask myself whether I had ever picked a pocket, shoved anybody down a well, or insulted a bishop. My next impression was that I ought to send to this enterprising person such a history of myself as would have turned his hair white in a single night; but life is scarcely long enough for practical jokes. However, my correspondent spoke the truth. The Ameri can editor ' will have' the biography some way; and publish your portrait too, without giving you a chance of revising your own features. In the number of Appleton's Journal which has just arrived in this coun try-Appleton's, by the way, was not the magazine represented by my correspondent I find a biography of myself which amply confirms his warning. Now, it is in no spirit of protest or complaint that I call at tention to this latest instance of a curious curiosity. One cannot feel offended with a writer who is evidently moved by the great est good-will, and who speaks of one's writ ings with a hearty and generous praise, in whibch, if one were a little younnzer, it might be possible to believe. But an Eeglishman, whatever his calling may be, feels at once surprised and amused to find it recorded of him that, at a certain re?eption, he wore a flower in his button-hole; that 'his dress Swas a faultless evening attire;' that 'he carried bimself with a careless ease, which had in it neither affectation nor conscious ness that a hundred eyes were watching him;' and so on, while details about his domestic affairs naturally follow. All this is done with such a naif simplicity, and with such an unmistakable good nature, that one perceives at a glance that the writer was not aware he was doing anything singular or ununosual. The question is, do Americans, as a nation, see nothing odd in this curiosity? For myself, I must say that I have seen no trace of it whatsoeverin the Americans whom I have met in England, whether as visitors or residents ; but that it exists in America in a very considerable degree is scarcely to be doubted." RcEIGIocc ETE'rc5P.PEn-.--In the rank crop of scandals which has grown up out of the Beecher-Tilton affair, there is one which can scarcely fail to have the effect of shaking the confidence of the American public in professedly religious newspapers. For years past it has been currently rumored that the New York Independent prostituted its com mercial columns to whomsoever was able to purchase them. That journal belongs to AIr. Boweno, an old merchant, and one of the leading members of Plymouth church. It professed to be conducted on pious principles, ; and to devote itself to the promotion of religion and morality. Is editors and con- ; tributora were ministers of the Gospel; and so much confidence was felt in their integrity and unworldliness that thousands of devout persons were accustomed to be guided in their search for investments, and in their estimate of the relative soudness of se curities, by what appeared in the commercial department of the Independent. In fact, ita advice was considered to be " far above rubies." Secular rivals might asseverate that it was grossly venal; but this was attributed to envy and hatred. At length, however, its true character is about to be exposed. The trustee in bankruptcy of the estate of Jay, Cooke, and Co., is endeavoring to set aside a contract made by that firm with Mr Bowen, the proprietor of the Indepen dent, and to recover the consideration given. According to the account published in the New York Nation, "M Ir. Bowen was to lend thie use of his editorial columns, and other wise exert himself to promote the sale of the bonds of the Northern Pacific Railroad, in return for which he was to receive in bonds and stock a percentage on the amount of bonds sold through whatever channel, and he did actually thus receive 50,000 dol. in bonds and 460,000 dol. in stock-face value of course. The trustee now repudiates this contract as contra eonos mores, and asks that the bonds and stock be surrendered to the estate." It is stated that shameful and shameless transactions of this kind are systematically engaged in by some of the other religious papers of that city; and that this was being done at the very time their leading columns were filled with homilies against the worldly spirit of the secular press.- Melbourne Argus. Doctons' JoKEs.-The funny gentleman who knocked up a physician at the West End in the middle of the night, and, when be put his head out of the window, anxiously said, " be quick, I want a half-penny worth of pills," tried a jolke on another doctor whom he met at a dinner-table: " Doctor," said he, " what shall I do to keep from hurting my nose:whion asleep? " Iiviug a long nose he intended to be facetious, and he didn't like it when the doctor said, gravely, "you should have a few hinges made in it, so as to fold it up like a two-foot rule when you go to behad." TIRED OF TIIATr NONSESE.--The CO?,lumbia Union Hierald relates that a colored gentle man called at tile offico of that paper to subscribe for it, when, after the satisfactory transaction of the brisiness in hand, the fol lowing cilloqiy occurred:--"Colonel, do you propose to replresent your county in next legislature?" "No, sir; I've given up statesmanship, and intend learning to read and write, and to attend my little farm. No more of that foolishnnas for me." THE FAINeT EARTc RIWAnRDED.- A fair and buxom widow in P? rlaud, Maine, who had buried three Ihusbalud, went with a gentleman who had paid liher marked atten tion in the days of adolescence to inspect the graves of lier " dear departeds." After contemplating them some minutes in mourn ful silenrce, she murmured to her companion, " Ah, Joe, you mighlt have been in that row if you'l hadi only lhada little more courage! ·TAtING HIc318Lv Ot'. - Being at his friend Sir'F:aricic Dolaval's one nilht, iand the glass h'iviingcirculaitod pretty freely, one of the paiity :sud'denlvtried to fix a quarrel wiih Foote for his indulgence in personal Satir.? !.''"WVli?, wvhat :ivouhtld you lhave ?" said 'Fotoe, gniod-.liinhriBdly: " Of course I ,take all tmy fribhdit ff-I: tikrb myself off!" SGadsoh!" "ritii n tl oq'? hibler, "I should hlikbe t o it t .ia !t'Upinwiiicib Foote took tiuphis hat: andiloft s"li i.room.: , GENIUss'sIu I N?Wi ?EAl"riAcND HoW is this for higlh ?. T'he Cirt?maihdel Mail thus begins n .rnent hilnder .'"az'? Thi-re in perhaps no part of, liar Btit'niii Mi ije.st dadominious where custom has ploughed such deep rats into the brains of men, causing the channels and currents of thought to be so circumscribed and defined, if not to say limited, as in this in many respects the fairest land the sun o'er shone upon; and it is perhaps equally true that no other place is to be stamped with old identity Idylism-the cherishing of little forms or images-as the same fair co ntryv." SUSPENDED RRAcLWAY" CARRLGES. - The French scientific journals report trials of a suspended railway carriage-body on the Lille and Valenciennes railway. Theinven tion is by MI. Giffard, the inventor of the injector. The body of the carriage is sus pended by means of horizontal springs attached to brackets on the frame. These springs are made to work with great smooth ness by the interposition of small bronze friction rollers between the several leaves of the spring, so that when a heavy shock occurs the plates move overeach other with out touching and with an easy rolling motion. This is the first time, it is said, that friction rollers have been introduced between the plates of springs. The reports on these new suspended carriages are favor able; the effect of sudden shocks and the unpleasant zig- zag movement are entirely obviated, or rather they are converted into different motions of a much milder descrip tion. The new carriages in fact when any disturbing cause appears have the pitching and rolling motions of a vessel at sea, but to a very slight extent; enough however to be disagreeable to those who suenffer much from such motions. On the whole, 31. Giffard is considered to have hit upon a happy idea, and he is not likely to abandon it if he sees a chance of success. In addi tion to the comfort of passengers, there is another consideration, namely, the wear and tear of the rails caused by transverse oscilla tions, which cause the rails to be pressed outward. It remainsto be seen whether the suspenson of a portion of the weight of the rolling stock will prevent this destructive action. M N~Ion?OWU'S DOG.--My neighbour keeps a dog-my nearestneighbour. Other neighbours keep other dogs; but it is this neighbour and this dog I speak of. The neighbour is all right-kind-hearted, votes my ticket, and his wife borrows tea and coffee of my wife; but his dog is gradually killing me. During the day, when I am I down town, the beast sports around like an I innocent lamb, or lies in the shade and sleeps and dreams. But as soon as I retire to bed that dog commences operations. My neighbour and his wife are old and dear, and they have no idea of what their dog does. I make it a rule to go to bed precisely at nine o'clock, unless the President of the United States or some of his cabinet officers are stopping at my house. At just five minutes after nine, when he knows that I have got the sheet over me, that canine sits down in front of my gate. He wriggles and twists until he gets firmly embedded in posi tion, and then he opens his mouth, sucks in a long breath, and yells, "0! hboo! hool bhoo! hoo!" It fetches me on end in an instant. There is such a grave-yard shriek to his voice that my hair stands up for a moment, and I think of ghosts rambling through deserted halls. In about thirty seconds the canine opens his mouth again. "0! whoop! hoo! hi! hoo!" At this I get out of bed, seize a stick of wood, and open the door to mash him. He calmly gazes at me while I draw back to throw, and when the stick strikes the ground a rod to the left of him, he utters a quiet chuckle. However, when he sees more wood coming, i he saunters off in a careless manner, and I go back to bed hoping for peace. In about fifteen minutes that brute comes through a hole in the fence, plants himself under the bedroom window, and getting all ready, he howls-" ha! hoo! hoop! General Jack son's dead!" I throw up my window and shout at him to get out, go home, vanish, dry up; but he sits there and calmly con templates my nightcap, until I begin to 'shoot at him with the revolver. Then he walks around the corner of the house and stands there, knowing that no revolver can shoot on a circle. My wife begins to inter fere about this time, and I haul in the revolver, close the window, and swear by the horn spoon that not another sun shall ever set on that dog in life. At midnight he howls again-at one-three-five, and then he returns home with the consciousness of having done his duty. I have thrown him poisoned meat, paid boys to lay for him, and wasted cords of wood and pounds of powder myself; but he grows fat and his growl grows worse. I spoke to my neighbour; hut he replied that " it was hard times for money," and I got discouraged. My wife says-" patience, dear;" but I won't have patience-no, hang me if I will ! It is now half-past eight o'clock, and between this and eleven I will be a dead man or I will hurl that dog into eternity.--Alnerican paaper. T.E RIBING ItAOE.-WYhen men have been married for some time, a lot of small crea tures with rattles and bone rings in their hands begin to creep about the house, and fall into water-jugs, and burn their hair at the kitchen fire, and drink boiling water out of the kettle on the hob, and swallow brass nails, and put soap into the tea-cups. After a while these become children, in which un happy state they eat electuary for breakfast, and wooden skewers and potatoes fried in castor oil for dinner, and jam spread over rhubarb powder for teo. They'awallos two four-penny pieces a week, and fall out of window two or three times each month. They tumble down the kitchen stairs, and lie at the bottom in the dark, until the man with the coals stumbles over them. They get their teeth knocked out against window sills and one another's foreheads. They are introduced by their nurses to every ghost that is siall enough to come down the chimney. They are put under softa, or out on the leads, like flower-pots, when any one visits the Ihouse. Their skin is scraped off four or fve times a lay with fine wire gauze and yellow soap. A man once told me that the reason why people prefer having chil dren in their houses to dogs or cats or zebras, is because you can amuse yourself Iby makieg a child unlappiy all .day long; lut abrute is only miserable lwhen it is suffering from cold, hunger, or a beating. PAPER iARREnsLs.-As a barrel is a most convenient vessel for transportation, many millions of them ore usually made for the uses they subserve. The Chinese are ac knowledged to be very ingenious; but it is said they have never yet nmade a barrel. About six months ago an invention for the manufacture of this useful rotundity from paper was patented, and there are now two factories engaged in the manufacture-one at Winona, Wisconsin, and the other ast Dec,rab, Iowa. These barrels are made of successive layers of paper-board, cemented together and subjected to enormous pressure, which gives them great strength. The straw that is now thrown away is used in the manuftcture of the paper. The harrels are perfectly cylindrical in form, 'he result of which is an advantage of twenty-five per ceet. in storage over a wooden barrel, and it is estimated that they will stand four times the pressure that a wooden barrel will. It is further claimed that they can be manu factured twenty per cent. cheaper than wooden barrels. A gentleman now in this city intends to introduce thee6 barrels in this state if suficient encouragement is given. Commercial Herald. Sune A FooT.-Selling berries by the foot is a new idea, the offspring of a M]ilwaukee girl's brain. The young lady, who was on a marketing expedition, desired to pure ase some berries wherewith to add zest to her evening's repast; but she wouldn't trust the fraudful little boxes which the grocers, with pleasing fiction, call "quarts." She wanted full scriptural measure, and proposed to the dealer to adopt her shoe as the standard of quantity. Visions of Cinderella floated through the huckster's brain, and in a moment of forgetfulness the deluded man accepted the proposition. Off came the shoe and in went the berries. Box followed box, until the dealer, with sadness in his eyes and half his stock in the girl's shoe, gently waved his purchaser away, and closed up his shop. PL&YIo; Ox.-A? man in a rural town had i a pet calf, which he was training up in the ways of an os. The calf walked around very peacably under one end of the yoke, while the man held up the other end. But in an unfortunate moment the man conceived the idea of putting his own neck in the yoke, to let the calf see how it would seem to work with a partner. This frightened the calf; and elevating his tail and his voice, he struck a "dead run " for the village, and the man went along with his head down and his hat in his hand, straining every nerve to keep up, and crying ont at the top of his voice, "jhere we come! Head us, somebody! :'" American paper. ~Wr Boo-s.-What an amount of dis comfort wet boots entail, and how well we all recall the painful efforts we have now and then made to draw on a pair of hard baked ones which were put by the fire over night to dry. Once on, they are a sort of modern stocks, destructive of all comfort, and entirely demoralizing to the temper. The following plan will do away with this discomfort:-When the boots are taken off, fill them quite full with dry oats. This grain has a great fondness for damp, and will rapidly absorb the least vestige of it from the wet leather. As it takes up the moisture it swells and fills the boot with a tightly-fitting last, keeping its form good, and drying the leather without hardening it. In the morning shake out the oats and hang them in a bag near the fire to dry, ready for the next wet night, draw on the boots, and go happily about the day's work. WELL, LA'Axs.--A lady being in urgen't want of a pair of gloves, and finding that her maid was out, rang for her new footman and told him to go and buy her a pair im mediately. "You will ask for flesh-color," were her last words. In five minutes he was back with a pair of dark-brown gloves. "But I tord you flesh-color!" cried the mistress indignantly. "Well, ma'am," was John Thomas'ereply, as he held out his hand. Anau's WN?.-Some years ago a mem ber of the - town council was visiting an old Scotch woman, whose son Adam had just returned from the continent, bringing home with him a cask of the finest brandy. After tea, the old lady brought forward a bottle labelled "best Irish whisky." "No, thank you, Mrs. S.; I would rather have a glass of Adam's wine," said the councillor, pointing to a crystal bottle containing water, which stood on a small .table before the closet where the precious cask was stored. "Aweel, aweel," said Mrs. S., apparently not a little stunned at what the councillor had said, and at his pointing to the very place where the treasure lay; "I see it's a' nonsense tryin' to hide onything frae ys I belailies. Adam, bring oot yir keg." TuE DANBUR? Y BOY. - That boy of Co ville's has been in trouble again. He was playing in Mr. Coney's yard, next door, right after dinner on Thursday. He had Mrs. Coney's dog harnessed to a wash boiler, and was driving up and down a cobble walk, when that lady came out with a finger in each ear, and told him he must clear out, as she expected company at two o'clock, and his noise was altogether too much for the occasion. His obedience was more prompt than she lhad any reason to expect or even to desire. In fact, he lelt at once, first giving the boiler a kIick that nearly decapitated the dog at both ends. Mrs. Coney was obliged to unhitch the dog herself, which sello did after onsiderable trouble in catching him. It appears that the bell of Mrs. Coney's door is snmewhat stiff in the spring, and rather difficult to sound. This fact was well-known to young Coeville, and while Mirs. Coney was bchasing the dog, the youthful miscreast stcle intc the house, and with the help of a file fixed the door-bell so as it would pull easy. At two o'clock promptly the pastor arrived at Mrs. Coney's house, and being aware that the bell pull wanted considerable musole, gave it a sharp twitch, and immediately left the steps hted first, with the bell-knob clutched in hiis hand, and nrine feet of the wire swinging shove himn. In the descent he split his ooat the whole lengin of the bhck, broke down toe gate, complstely ruined his hat, and seri only bruised Iboth elbows. Mrs. Coney, who was looking thlrough the blinds. all the time, was very mash shocked by the naccident, but prmptly led the gentleman into the house, and as promptly dressed his wounds. Anex asnination of thbe bill revealed that it bad been trilled with, and Mra Coney was quite con fihbltt C?)Ille's boy hlid done it. She re. ported it to Mr. Coville that she actually teird him soy. he would " fie that bell." 'Ehe tuia tln t term alf school e ommenced yesterday; ut. Coville's bIoy was not there.-American ltat,,r. * A LEssox.-A schoolboy having helped a fellow-pupil in arithmetio, the teacher angrily asked, "why did you work his leIssO ?" ",'To lessen bin work," replied the Itey. A most brutal outrage has been com mitted in Sligo. Three inoffensive men were leaving the town on a car after the market, when they were waylaid by a party of men, who dragged them off the car and brutally beat them with sticks. A A mn named Luke WVeaver got a severe blow over the eye, which fractured the skull. Another, John Weaver, has no external marks except from kicking. John Connolly, however, was also severely beaten, having received severe cuts on the head and over the temple. A. man named Hyness, who is accused and iden tified by one of the men (Weaver), has been arrested. Diphtheria has been committing fearful ravages in New York. In the week ending the 17th of October last the number of deaths from this cause amounted to forty six, as many as three occurring in a single house. The disease was not confined to one quarter of the city, but extended to all. It was most malignant in large tenements where numbers of people are closely packed together, and all the surrounding conditions are unfavourable to health. The medical faculty in New York appear to be generally of opinion that diphtheria is contagious; and it is interesting to mention, in connexion with the theory of our correspondent Mucor, that the most eminent physicians of that city lay great stress upon the importance of a proper disinfection of the excretion of the sick. Owing to the belief of the contagious. ness of the disease, patients are not sent to any of the general hospitals; and there is some talk of founding one specially for such cases, and of making such arrangements in it as will admit of their isolation. In con. nexion with a subject which possesses as painful an interest for the inhabitants of this colony as it does for the people of New !ork, and as bearing also on the fungoid theory of zymotic disease in all its varieties, attention has been called by an English professor to the following incident:--A family in his neighbourhood was attacked by typhoid fever of a severe type, and applying himself to an investigation of the probable causes of the malady, -he inquired from whence the ordinary supply of water was obtained. Being referred to the pump, he examined the spout and found it to be covered with a sort of gelatinous matter. "Submitting Sthis to microscopic investigation, it was seen to be a fungoid growth, from which spores were constantly washed by the flowing Iwater. Following up this discovery by a minute examination of the outlet of the sewer through which the drainage of the town flowed, there were found fungoid growths of a similar nature to those in the I pump spout. In the vicinity of this outlet the fever had also prevailed. Having cases of fever in his own family, the professor followed up his inquiry by a chemical analy sis of the water drunk, and found in it minute spores of the same fungue. His con clusion is therefore that the fever had its origin in the fungus matter taken into the system, where it ferments as yeast in beer and poisons the blood." Possibly this may furnish the faculty in this colony with a clue to the origin of diphtheria and typhoid fever in places where each has prevailed. Another important improvement in tele graphy is announced ; but this time the in ventor is a Bavarian. Herr Henckrer of Munich has it seems succeeded in perfecting an electromagnetic copying-machine, which not only transmits writing, portraits, plans, maps, &c.;, but does so without the assistance of a telegraphist An impression of the object, writing, or drawing is taken with a prepared ink on a sort of silver paper, which is then rolled on a revolving cylinder, and the message, whether in writing or in the form of a drawing, is at once forwarded to its destination without further visible aid, a perfect facsimile of the writing or drawing being produced at the other end of the wire. Even your enemy cannot help seeing and remembering your advertisement if you are a persistent advertiser. It is not at all uncommon to see woodcuts doingduty for two or three different purposes. Very recently we saw a portrait of Cobden, drawn by Linton for the People's Journal of 1847, serving as that of an eminent living French statesman; and some scenes from the French Revolution of 1830 illustirating events in the present war in Spain. It seems to be the fate of old woodouts never to wear out. The reader of the official Gazette, Char lottenburg (province of Brandenburk), might have raised a query before sending the fol lowing to press:-" Dog Tas.~-Thboe who are personally exempt trom the dog tax ore the foreign ambassadors properly acoredited to this court, their attachls, and envoys from foreign states." An improvement on the original idea of the postal card has been carried out in Hol laud, Belgium, Germany, Switzerland, and Italy. It is to send to your correspondent the means for his replying to you immedi ately. If you direct the reply caid, your correspondent has nothing to do but write the answer, separate the card, post it, and you get it. Naturally these cards are sold at double price. 