HUMAN ' LEVITATION.' (Daily News.)] AN extraordinary question has just been propounded in the grave pageB of the Quarterly Journal qf Science, edited by Mr. Crookes, a Fellow of the Royal Society, and tlio discovoror of the metal Thallium. 'What is tho scientillo inference from tho various aoconnts, modorn and traditional, of human Invitation.?' is the difficulty before tho world at this' present moment. Now there may be pooplo who never, heard of lovitition. nor even of ' thfiums.1' a term that frequently occurs in the artiblo we; refer to. A slight acquaintance with the ? doad ? languagoa, whoso shadows reappear in this queer fashion, enables tho enquirer to deoido ; that 'levitation' means the powor of beooming lighter than tho surrounding atmosphei-o, and setting at nought laws of gravitation.; Thaums again are wonders, and there is no vory obvious reason why thoy should not be called so. But to return to levit&tion.; Most of us have: heard how Mr. Homo and other gifted people possess the faculty of being raised from the ground, and of floating about tho room, or even out of tho window. Thore aro clouds* of witnesses who have observed those phenomena whioh generally occur in tho dark; In faot, they are part of that vague subject oalled Spiritualism, about which opinion is so much divided, and viows aro so vaguo. It lias boon said that the human race, in regard to this high argument, is divi^od into fivo olnsaoa.1 Tbore aro people who believe ; people who in« vestigate ; people who think the matter renlly ought to be looked into ; people who dislike tho topic, but who would believe in tho phonomena, if they were provod ; and people. of common sense, who would not beliovo in them if thoy were proved. Now tho article in the Journal qf Science only deals witli one of the phenomena we hear so muoh of— that of. the sudden 8U3-' pension of the laws of gravitation*, ih-tho casb of individual men. Tho author has cbllbbtcd a vast variety of traditions bearing on this isubjooti and his conclusion apparently is, that oven ts. of this kind, though rather viiro, aro natural,, ai-e peculiar to people of certain temperament and organization, and, abovo nil, bring ho proof as to the truth of the doctrines nssertod by|tho pprr sons who exhibit tho phenomona. ' Now'.rneriof soience, as a rule, and the world at large, look on stories of this sort as myths, romanoes, falso interpretations of subjective1 feelings,' pious frauds, and absurd nonsense. Before expressing an opinion, it may be well .to look over the facts, as they aro called, whioh are brought under our notice. ? , ?? .. = ? , What accounts, then, are there of levitation among the oivilized peoples of the Old World ? First, there is Aburis, the Scythian, ' hi the time of Pythagoras,' says bur' author. Woll, as a matter of evidence, Abaris may have been levitated in. the eighth century beforo Christ, or it may have been two hundred and fifty years lator. Perhaps, be. was a Druid, of the Hebrides. Toland though' ao, and Tbland had as good a chanoo of knowing as any one else. Our earliest authority, Herodotus,. Bays. he. took no enrthly food, and ' went. with. his arrow all round the world without, :oncb ,eating.' ?: It seems that he rode on this nrrbw, whioh Mr. Rawlinson thinks, may possibly 'hiive been' an early tradition, of tho magnet. All our detailed information about him:is';bf latei'v'date than the ,; Christian era. ?-' Tlie fact remains that tradition ' says ho was ablo to fly iu the^air.PPythngoraB is said to have lidd/the same ^povier, '{'civ' rather the same faculty ;came';unon. him. He. yvas lifted up, with no wil^OT| 'conscious -pxortieTiJifu his own; ~NoWj*our. oylSpnob/as- tb.the power of Pythagoras^ to be 'tlike a bird, in-two places ' at ? 'once,' is 'exactly tts,;'valuablb as that'.about ' Abriris. ' 'Ife'.Veslu'dn the'tradition repeated i by , superstitious philosophers, who lived eight hundred yearB -after his death. '''To Pylhagorasi therefore,' as Herodotu?' bas'it,'' we now say farewell ,''withno further^ knowledge than that . vague tradition says he was '_ levitated.' Tlio writer now leaves classical antiquity behind him —he does' not ropent a saying of Plotirius/the mystic of Alexandria., who lived in/ the third century of oar era. The best known anbcdqlo ' of him; is that his disciples asked him if lie were ' not sometimes |evitatod,and he' laughed/and snid, ' No j but lie 'was no fool whbpersuadod'you ' of this.' -Instead of Plotinus we iirb' referred to a mass of Jewish and anti-Christian a'rjoccry phal traditions, which have the sarhe common pbint-7-the .assertion of tho exist'iinco of tho phenomenon of levitation. Apollbniua of Tyana is also said* to have been a highly accomplished uiedium.^ We are next'preseiitod with a list of forty ' lovi(aiod' porsonsj canoniabd or 'beatified ' by the' Church of Rome. ?? Tlioir jdates range ' 'from tHeninth to the sevoriteorith -century! : and thoirhiBtofies go to prove thiil; lovitatio'ririins in familios.- Perhaps the best known of the col lection iB St. Tliorcsa (151S-1582), and it is only fair to say that the.stories about St. Theresa aro vory like those repeated about ourlady mediums. One'of theses as every one knows, can' scatter ;? flowers plover a room, ' flowors of Paradise;' un known to botanists.* Fauna; -rather than flora, was' . St. Theresa's province,, aiid she kept a'chafmiug pet,' a little white animal, of flb'-rocognisod speoies. Still about her, and about her friend St. John of the Cross, tho legond runs that they used to be raised off the ground, chairs and all, and float about in the most charming ' way. Poor Peter'of Alcantara was' levitated 'in' a less pleasant way; ' hn uttered'a frightfuTcryl'and shot through, the, air bb if ho hnd been firod from a gun.' Josoph Cbportinb' again 'flouted about tosuch good effect that -in' 1650 Prinoo John of Brunswick^ foreswore1 the 'Protestant faith. The logical process which converted this prince is hbt'a very obvious- one.'' ? ?;* ? Why do wo quote nil these old. monkish- .rind neo-plotonio legends ? For some of the ovi» dence is obviously nil; to-otlierjirieodotesmany witnesses hear toslimony,.:but tljon-we ;know that an infenlious stftwarmerei can persuade pebplo that tho lion now ;romo*-ed: from Nor thumberland House wagged his tail. : The fabt is that thore is really mutter for science in all those anecdotos, and the question. to bo naked is this — How, dooB it happen , that, in ages aud societies so distant mid bo various identical stories aro ourrent ? What is tho pressuro that, ? makes neo-platonio gossips of tho fourth century circulate the same marvels as spiritualist gossips of the ninofcoonth ? How does it happen, that the medimval saint, the Indian medioiue man, the Siberian Shaman (a suggestivo term) :,haye nearly identical wonders attributed to^them?' If people wanted morely to tell ' a good square lie,' aa the American slang has it, invention ' does not seoin to have suoh pitifully; narrow : boundaries. It seems.' to follow [,,. that ' I there avo oontagious . norvous illusions, about which Boienca has not said the last; word.- ?' We beliovo that the life of ohildrou with its in nocent mixture of dreams and waking, facts and ? fancies, could supply odd parallels, ,to, tho stories we have been . .treated to! And'iis we' are on tho subjoot, we should like, as tho luto President Lincoln said, to.tpll a liltlo story. ,It occurred to a learned tlivino to moot a puoil, who ought by rightB to havo beon in the Uni versity of Oxford, tvolkiug in Rogeiit-stroet. Tho youth glided past like a ghost, nnd was lost in tho crowd. Next day liia puzzled preooplor received a note, dated on tho previous day from Oxford, telliug how the pupil had mot the teacher by tho Isis, and on inquiry had heard he was in London. Here is a ease ofiovilaliun — of double lovitation ; and we loavo'-.it to ; be explained by tho followers of Aburis ttnd of Mr. ? Homo. -; :''. '?:?. ??'??-A '-?'. .'.-? ?-.? ' ; 