How MARK TWAIN- WAS SOLD IN NEWARK. :-"It is seldom pleasant" writes Mark Twain, "to Jell on oneself, but sometimes it is a sort of relief to a man to make a sad confession: I wish to unburden my mind now, and yet I almost believe that I am moved to do it more because I long to bring censure upon another man than because I desire to pour balm upon iny wounded heart. (I don't know what balm .is-but I believe it is the correct expression to use in this connection-never having seen any balm.) You may remember that I lectured in Newark" lately for the young gentlemen of the Clayonian Society. I did, at any rate. During the afternaon of that day I was walking with ione of the young gentlemen j ust referred to, and he said he had an uncle, who for some cause or other, seemed to have grown permanently bereft of all emotion. And with tears in his eyes, this young man said, 'Oh if I could only see him laugh once more ! Oh, if I could only see him weep !' I was touched ; I could never withstand .distress ; I said, ' Bring him to by lecture ; I'll start him for you.' ' Oh, if I could but do it! . Oh, if yon could but do it, all our family would bless you for evermore, for he is very dear to us. . Oh,, my benefactor, can you make him laugh ? Can you bring soothing tears to those parchecL orbs ?' I was profoundly moved, 1 said,' 'My son, bring the old party-round. I have got some jokes in that lecture that will make him laugh, if there is any laugh in him, gnd if they miss fire, I liavo got some others that will make him cry or kill hiln, one or the other V Then the young man blessed me, and wept on my neck, and blew his nose on my coat-tail, and went after his uncle. He placed him in full view in the second row of benches that night, and I began on him! I tried him with mild jokes, then with severe ones ; I dosed him with bad jokes and riddled him with good ones ; I tired old stale jokes into him, and pressed him fore and aft with red-hot ones ; I warmed up to my work, and assaulted him right and left, in Jtront and behind; I fumed and sweated, and charged and routed, till I was hoarse and sick, and frantic and fnrions, but I never moved him once-I never started a smile or a tear ! Never a ghost of a smile, and never a suspicion of moisture ! I was astonished. I closed the lecture at last, with one wild shriek-with one wild burst of humor, and hurled a joke of super natural atrocity full at 1-iiin. Then I sat down bewildered and exhausted. The president of the society came up and bathed my head with cold water, and said, what made you carry on so to wards the last Y I said I was trying to make that confounded old fool laugh, in the second row, and he said, ' Well, you were wasting your time, because he is deaf and dumb, and as blind as a badger !' 'Now, was that any way for that old man's nephew to impose on a stranger and orphan like me 1 I simply ask yon, as a man . and a brother, if that was any way for him to do 1" THE QUEEN'S LETTER which was flashed along the te'egraph wires to the widow of the late Commodore Goodenough, in Sydney, condoling with the afflicted lady on the loss of her husband, js almost as eloquent as was that, which once on a time, she forwarded to the brave fellows in the Crimea. The following is the message of the .Queen :-" Her Majesty the Queen desires the expression of her sympathy with, and inquiry for Mrs. Goodenough." This simple announce ment surely has a world of eloquent meaning (says the Sydney Evening News.) There have been so many notable instances of the Queen's ever thoughtful consideration and deep feeling for her faithful servants in all parts of the world, that no one would be surprised at receiving one more, oven if there wore no such special reasons for the expression of Her Majesty's sympathy as we believe there are in this case. Never has a brave man fallen in the Queen's service un niaiked by her, whose own high courage and love of duty as a Soverign are only equalled by her tenderness as a. woman. What is really re markable in this instance, is the startling proflf. it affords of the genuine oneneas.^sjf.-.the wide spread empire which boasts so noBli; a head. .One haB often heard of " electric sympathy" between individuals, and not always a very safe sympathy it iB. Here we have an eloctric sympathy, of which nothing can be said but good, between the uttermost ends of that vast empire upon which the sun never sets. It wa3 on Monday that the news of the brave Com modore's murder fell upon Sydney with the startling effect of one of his own ship's bomb shells, and in a few hours the sad sound of bis funeral guns had re- cchoed round the world ; our grief was all England's, and the widow was pomforted with the condolence of her Queen. It is, perhaps, the most striking instance we have yet had of the efficacy of the new plectric bonds that unite us. to oar fellow- j pountrymea almost all the world over-under a pommoii sorrow, in which all the many pulses that make up the " mighty heart" of the j jjritish Empire beat as one. . j .Mobxalzty ax Bendigo.-The Advertiser, of j the 30th August, says that any stranger conning the columns of inquest reports which haye ap peared during the past week would almost be lod to the conclusion that the Bandigo district' is in & most .troubled and unsettled condition, is'o fewer than seven coroncr's courts of inquiry have been held since Monday, and now another is tp ait at the Bendigo Hospital on the body of p piap, who was brought in from the bush on the 23rd, literally dying from starvation. He was foun4 in & hot at Kanmrooka in a shocking state of filth and d-rfstifcution, and brought to the hospital by a man named Albeit Gay. .fan's a&ojfbersoaw; the name of the deceased. 