JACK ESSINGNAM; OR, "THE GRAVES OF A HOUSEHOLD." (A TALE OF NORTHERN QUEENSLAND.) CHAPTER VIII. A DAY'S MUSTERING-MR. HILL, OF JUMNA. BY DRAMINGO. HAVING engaged the youthful heir of the house of Johnson, who seemed to be a smart boy, Duncairn commenced a furious onslaught upon the cattle. Dick and he being both strangers, it took them, of oonne, some time'to get into the lay of the place. The black boys knew the run dote about the head station, bat outtide of that they wen useless, a* far m knowledge of die country was concerned. Don* cairn had managed to secure a middling good hatkeeper to look after the place, and by dint of hard work and perseverance waa gradually putting thing* a little into shape. He was "Bouare-Uiling't all the cattle that he could find, striving as much as possible to dean oae part of the run thoroughly at a time, and taking the cattle back on to then* old beats again when let out At the end of three weeks they had put fourteen hundred head of branded cattle through the yard, and branded four hundred, mostly yearlings, exclusive of fifty or sixty bolls, over two yean old, that Duncairn shot Fortu nately the stockyard was in pretty good working order, and they had two paddocks, one containing about three hundred acres, and one (a bend of the river fenced in) containing about fifteen hundred. They reckoned that they had mustered about three- fourths of the cattle, some of the upper portion of the run being still untouched. It is mid-day, and Duncairn, Dick, ycung Johnson, and the two boys,. are toiling up the river some fifteen miles above the station. The packhorse that Ben, the black boy, is leading mdl * Ths uopj right ot " Jsck -'•-j-.***-— " hss besxt pw ohsssd by the proprietors of The QueentUmdtr from ths author. t For the benefit of lady naders, I may auntie-, that square-tailing csttle oaaa_rts in ratting ths hsir st ths end of their tails short and sqasi-s, so thst, in tbs event of their mixing with the cattle thst hay* not been throwgh the yards, they srs essOy s*lsli_gi_sl_wl, ssd noi ooantedavs-rtwies. It is also atUm called "_s_f taiUn,." cates their intention, of camping out The ranges are closing in on either hand, and for the laat mile or two they have see.. Ao tracks of cattle, old or new. "I wonder how far it ia up to the gorge Mr. Esaingham talks about ?" said Duncairn. "Can't be far, by the look of the mountains," returned Dick;." p'raps the niggers know." Both the boys declared that they had never been UP as far as they then were before, and jn>ung Johnson confessed to equal ignorance. ■Duncairn decided to go up until they could get no further, and as it was then 12 o'clock they camped for an hour or two, had dinner, and then resumed their progress. They went on until 4 o'clock, the country getting more broken as they proceeded; the river, working its tortuous way round alternate spun of the ranges, forced them to constantly cross and recross it At last they came to a point beyond which any advance seemed doubtful; the pine-capped ranges rose precipitously on either hand, and between them the bed of the river, swept clear of timber, pre ' edntqd to view but A team ot tumbled boulders. "Wellj Dick, we're 'blocked—we can't get along the bed of the river, that's certain." '"And a cast-iron cat couldn't get over them ' ranges, let alone a horse," returned Dick, indi cating tha rugged tiers, rising up on each aide of them. "Wehaveanhourtospare, H said Duncairn; " we will go up a short distanoe on foot, and see 'What there is to be Been. Johnson, you and Ben atop with the horses; Billy, you oome with us.* "At any rate," aaid Dick, when they had crept and clambered over the rocks for nearly a quarter of a mile," we know now that no cattle never got past here." "And I don't think that we shall get past here, either," said Duncairn, aa they turned a point, and came on to a large waterhole, occu pying the whole bed of the river. It waa wonderfully pretty, though the accessories were but bare rocks, water, and a few luxuriant creepers, that had sprung up in crevices between the boulders, and now crowned and festooned them. But the water was so still, so clear, and yet looked so deep and unfathom able. The rockß rose bo boldly and abruptly from the edges of the pool; iheir weather-worn, water-bleached sides contrasting strongly with the deep green of the creepers that here and thereo'erhufag' them. " m christen tMs the Silent Pool," muttered Duncairn. "It only wants a mermaid to be dttind upoii those rooks on the opposite side, and fdr ncr to jump into the water with a splash when she sees us, in order to be perfect" 1 "We'll have to eMmb round the sides of them hills if wa want to go on," aaid Dick,. " unless we swim across." "Hush!" said Billy, suddenly. "Black- Wilcrtv oome up; me see 'eta. Bal gammon." True enough two or three blackfsllowa, fol lowed by their gins, appeared on the opposite aide of the' pool, aU in the national dress of nothing. The two whites and Billy crouched behind a bourdtr, to Watch them. Duncairn smiled aa he thought of the realisation of his mermaid tiiiey, in the gins now lighting a fire on the rocks; they were evidently going to fish, and were quite ifctaorant of the presenoe of strangers. Dick, who seemed to think thkt bostflities were imminent, had drawn his re volver, but Duncairn stopped him. ' " What are you going to do; they're doing no harm ; they'll run an soon aa thay. see us." So saying, he stepped from behind the rock, and ' shouted "Halloo !" The effect waa electrical. ate hasty gland*, a hurried cry of " Mickerlow ! ckerlow !" ahd they vanished. One or two tnore cries were heard, and apparently were answered from the neighboring hills, and then all was silent "' Duiicairn laughed, but Bitty looked rather "Carbon m. Mahtened," he aaid, "that fallow come up to-night, and kill 'em you and •—._ »• i me. Beeingn<* good*was to bedoneby trying to go any f«F*B4 I» * ,was gating *V Jtejr went back to the horses, and then retraced their way down the river until nearly dark, when they camped. The near neiAbornood of the black seemed to have dkturbed Billy's equanimity, and he had communicated his fears to the other boy, for they both looked very uncomfortable. With their heads resting on their saddles, the whale party were Soon asleep, and nothing dis turbed the silenoa of the camp until near morn ing. The air waa growing chilly, aad the fire had gone entirely out, when Duncairn felt him '•elf aroused by somebody shaking him, and • whispering "Getup, Mr. Duncairn.'' He areae, a-eemly, into a sitting posture. "What ia it, Disk ?" he aaid, aa he groped about for his boots. Mow, why doea a man, when suddenly awakened, invariably leal for hia boots! A woman's first thought is, I believe, but am not aura, to rush to tha looking-glasa to see if her _M_r is emnoth, or, if in darkness, to try and aaeerttfn tha fact by feeling with her hands ; hot a nun's first thought in an unlooked-for emergency is £et his boots. Did not the famous Baron of Shurlaad exclaim, MHe won't—won't bet Then bring me my boots!" And thb Duke of York when he discovers his aon's treason calls aloud, " Bring me my boots, 1 aay." Following, therefore, the impulse of his aax, Duncairn felt for hia boots, aa he asked Dick the cause of the alarm. " I heard a noise, like people talking, in the had of tbe river." They both listened intently, but all was still as death. " Were you awake when you heard it !" "Yea; my feet were cold, and I waa just thinking of getting up, and making the fire up. Hush I what's that T " That's tha horses ; I can hear them feeding, and the chink of their hobbles." "I expect it waa some sort of night bird I haarf." " It's not far off daylight, and it's just aa likely aa not that those beggars might try and sneak on to us ; so perhaps we had better keep awake," said Duncairn, and with their revolvers bsaide them ready for an emergency, Dick and hia employer reclined upon their blankets. Aa aeveral murders had lately been perpetrated by the natives in the surrounding district, Dun- cairn knew that there was a probability of the 'blacks trying to surprise them if they (the blacks) knew where they were camped; he therefore kept both eyes and ears on the alert But when a man wishes to watch, a recumbent position is the worst * that he can adopt, aud as Dun cairn's thoughts wandered away south to Ilia mere, and the sweet earnest face of Leah waa called to mind, his eyes closed, sleep stole over his senses, and Dick and he both slumbered. A harsh, jarring, unearthly shriek, awoke him suddenly to consciousness again. He sprang up, instinctively clutching his pistol, snd found that it was almost broad daylight. Billy, the black boy, awoke also, and leaping to his feet with one frantic jump, made a rush to get behind a neighboring gum tree, followed by the other boy, whose blanket, however, got entangled in his feet and threw him down in the grass, where he lay, doubtless thinking it the safest place. Young Johnson sat up confused and stupid, and Dick and Duncan looked at one another as they stood, revolver in hand, and went off into fits of laughter. "D that old native companion," said Dick, as the hideous chorus rose again from underneath the bank close to where they were camped : "If he didn't give me the biggest fright I've had since I saw the ghost." Billy came from behind the tree when he heard the laughter and the cause of it, and going to the top of the bank, cast a stick, and aeveral opprobioua names, at the two birds dancing and bowing to each other below. Many writers on the colonies have extolled in an enthusiastic manner the glorious night-rides that may be enjoyed in the Australian bush, under the mellow radiance of a tropical, or semi tropical, moon (not that I could ever see any difference between a tropical moon and a tem perate moon ; but it is the way that it is always spoken of). But the men who fall into these ecstasies are not bushmen—are not men whose home is the saddle. Ask the overlander, who, when the cattle are rowdy and the party short handed, has Bometimes to go for twenty-four and thirty-six hours without relief or spell. Ask him as he blunders round the restless cattle camp, with bis Bleepy " Woa—back," or during a peaceful interval site nodding on his equally tired horse, or walks from fire to fire, trying to keep oblivion away by employing himself piling on fresh fuel. Ask him whether a romantic ride through the bush stillness of a southern night, or a pair of blankets and the assurance of unin terrupted enjoyment of them for twelve hours, would suit him best, and hear his views on the subject No ; the very early morning is the best hour to thoroughly enjoy a bush ride. At that season of the year between summer and winter (one can scarcely talk about spring or autumn in Queensland), when the air is fresh without being Cold, when the dew is still glistening on the grass, when almost the sweetest pipe of the day is being; smoked, and as you ride along you leave a trailing odor of what Mr. Weller calls the " flag rant weed" behind you. Such, at any rate, were Duncairn's thoughts as be rode ahead of his little party down the river, until they reached the spot where they had seen fresh cattle tracks on the previous duy. Here Ben was sent on with the pack horse, with in structions to await them at a certain spot about four miles away ; the other four then started back After proceeding about a mile, they came upon a good sized plain, on which about sixty or seventy bead of cattle were spread about, feed ing. These gave them some little trouble to round up and ateady, but after a time were, quieted down sufficiently to be left in charge of young Johnson and Billy, whilst Duncairn and Dick searched the neighboring country. This accomplished, they started homewards— two riding ahead of the cattle, having con stantly to check them, the brutes from long neglect having lapsed into a half wild state. They picked up two or three small lota on their way, the original mob serving to steady them, so that they only lost one—a young bull about two years old, who, being cloaed upon too suddenly by Billy, broke behind him, and made for an adjacent patch of scrub, with the evident deter mination of not being stopped or turned. " Shoot him i" calls out Duncairn, who is on the opposite side of the cattle, to Dick, who starts in pursuit of the runaway. Dick soon pulls him, and ranging up until he is just behind his shoulder, fires. But the bull never swerves. Another shot, and the bull gives a sudden buck as though stung, but keeps straight for the scrub, now only about twenty yards away. A third, and successful one; he rolls over just aa he has almost gained his harbor of refuse. Rising again he turns and faces Dick, who has pulled up, and lowering his head to charge has the satisfaction of making his enemy beat a hasty retreat ere he goes down and dies. They get no more cattle for more than a mile after this, and are nearing the place where Ben ia awaiting them, when a big mob, appa rently in motion, ia discerned in the distanoe. " Those shota must have started some cattle down the river, and they've picked up with more. I expect we shall get a haul, if they're not cattle we've had in before," says Duncairn. " Let the boys bring the cattle on and you come with me, Dick," and they made a detour round a small dump of scrub. The cattle have, however, snuffed danger, and are off. The tail ones soon see a long-legged man come flying past them, with his cabbage tree hat hanging by the chin-strap on the back of his head. Away he goes to the lead ; and the leaders turning short round away from him, find themselves blocked by another individual on a gray horse, who has followed the long-legged one at a judicious distance. Turned again, they are soon headed down towards, and boxed with the cattle driven by Johnson and Billy. They are rather hard to steady, but at last the old cattle amongst them sober down, set the others a good example, and progress ia once more re sumed. Arrived at the rende_vous, the cattle are camped in a convenient clump of timber, tiie billy is boiled, and by turns they each get some thing to eat, after which Duncairn and Dick go over the river to hunt up the other side. They are away longer than they expected, but bring back some thirty head of cattle, making the mob up to over two hundred and fifty (fully seventy or eighty of which are unbranded), over six months old. Ben is told to go home, turn the pack horse out, and oome bade to meet them with Sam the hotkeeper, and the drive home commences. It is hard work, for a good deahof breaking occurs. The Bun goes down and finds them still more than a mile from the yard, with all their horses pretty well done up. " Here oome Ben and Sam," says Dick; " but who's that with them ? 'taint Mr. B—inp^^n j_ it?" It waa not It was a stranger, who rode up to Duncairn and aaid: "My name ia Hill; I'm your neighbor from Jumna," and they exchange a hurried hand-grip, for there is no time to stop. " Came over to see you," shouts Hill as thay drive along ; "and when Ben came back, took tbe liberty,—Get in, you puritanical-looking spawn of a web-footed giraffe," he breaks out as he brings back a heifer who attempts to bolt, but only gets a couple of whip cuts that make her wish she had left the attempt alone, —" of bor rowing a fresh horse out of the paddock, and— Hi! you Blab-sided, white-faced cur,—coming to meet you." " Many thanks, you've come at a good time," and the work in hand being too hot for con nected conversation, little more passes between them. , While they are busy driving, I will just de* scribe Mr. HUL He is a Hawkesbury native, six feet two inches in height, with a body built in proportion to his height Light beard and moustache, bright gray eyes, and an unequalled talent for sweating. With the strength of a giant, he had the heart and temper of a lamb ; to hear him on the most trifling provocation ful minating blasphemous oaths that would make you shudder, and to see at the same time the wonderful gentleness tbat pervaded all his actions, was a strange anomaly to witness. No four-footed beast ever received unmerited punishment at his hands, and he had never been known to put forth his great strength and science in quarrels amongst his fellow men unless under great provocation. His strong language was his most evident failing, and that, as a rule, was only indulged in when working amongst Btock; in ordinary conversation, no Pharisee could be more demure. Rut darkness is dosing in, and they are nearing the yard. "Keep them going," yells Duncairn, as the unsteadiness and hesitation to advance becomes visibly increased when near to the yard, which fortunately ia provided with two good wings. The whips are plied, until the air resounds with vollies of cracks. Those who still have voices left, use them in making the most unearthly yella imagin able. Goaded on by thia sudden and unanimous onslaught on their rear, the cattle break into a jog, and the leaders being unable to resist the pressure of their friends behind are forced through the dreaded aperture of tbe slip-rails, and the main body pours after them. The men draw back in order to give them time, and the better to be able to stop any attempts at breaking away, an effort which several make but without success, they being now too stronghanded to leave any available gaps in their line. The last beast passes in, and a good day's work is wdl finished, the slip-rails are put up and pegged, the tired horses turned out, and the day's battles are soon being fought over again. " How ate you getting on with your muster ?" asked Hill, when they were in Duncairn's bed room, trying to wash off tha marks of the late conflict. " Very well; I have been lucky so far. Count ing those in the yard, I have now mustered more than two thousand over six montha old, and I expect to get a few more yet" " You bought with fifteen hundred, did you not?" " Yes, that was their book muster ; rather an unheard of kind of thing, ia it not f' " Yea ; but if you had seen the way things used to be carried on here you wouldn't ba sur prised." "I can easily imagine from what little I did aae." " Did you have any trouble over tha delivery?" "Not much," and Duncairn retailed his ex* periences, in tha middle of whioh redtal tea waa brought in, and thay proceeded to do full justice to it " I do not wonder at Skoffins and hia friends not wanting me to oome over here aa arbitrator. The last time that I waa over hers we had the deuoe and all of a row." " What waa it about ?" "There used to be fifteen or twenty head of my cattle running about ten miles below here, lust on the boundary between the two runs. I hadn't had them in for some time, although I knew well enough where they were,- and were were five or six unbranded calves amongst them. About six months ago Skoffins made an attempt to brand up, and came across these cattle when he was mustering the lower end of the run, brought them up here with his own, branded every blessed calf there was, and turned them out again. A few days afterwards I came up to Xt the same cattle, and found them with the and On hot I came en to the station when I saw them, and told Skoffins about it, treating it as a mistake ; but he treated it as a good joke, and I believe I lost my temper, and gave it to them all round. I believe it was in reality dona through pure ignorance ; that nobody took any notice of there being strangers in the mob—for goodness knows there were enough of his own calves wanting branding if he wanted to brand anything—and there were only six ; but if tiiere had been sixty it would have been all tbe same." " I think that that big fellow Jones was a bad companion for a young fellow to have on the station." . "He waa the essence of a skunk I threatened to put him into tha river that time I had the row with them, and you ahould have seen how he dried up." " You must come over to Jumna aa soon aa you have finished," said HiU when they were smoking in the verandah. "I will wait to morrow, if you will oome back with me the next day." " I daresay I can manage it; I have done for a day or two at anyrate." "Do. Mia. HlUu very anxiona to aae what our new neighbor ia Uke, you may ba sum, Yon know you are almost our only neighbor, for it iiR fifty good miles to Mullingar, Iprhicji is rather too far for much visiting to be done." The next morning work commenced betimes, and what with drafting, squaj-e-tdnng, and brand ing, they all had their work out out for them. The branding alone was no child's play; some of the heifers were over two years old, and as Dick said, "would skiver a mosquito." All bulla above that age were ruthlessly shot by Duncairn; the sun had set before all the work was done. They found that they had two hun dred .and eighty head of cattle in the yard, one hundred and seventy being branded, tha re mainder unbranded. Thia made seventy head more of branded cattle than ware on the books, a fact for which Duncairn and Hill oould only account by supposing that they had been branded by some of the men during one of Skoffin's fre quent visits to Port Ariel; and the circumstance never entered in the stock book " Did you ever hear of such management/ aaid Hill; " I wish I knew where there waa another station like thia for sale." " We gain in tbe number of cattle," said Dun cairn ; " but look at the work wa shall have to get the herd into order again." "I suppose you will wean and tail a good " Yes, but at present lam only branding! My partner will be up directly, and ha will go through the cattle again and wean. "Mr. Easingham, is it not? I think I have met him up here." > " Very likely ; aa soon aa he oomes, I am going down south again to bring up some sheep." - "You are not going to put sheep on thia oountry, are you ?" " Yea, don't you think they will do weßt; I saw some country up the river yesterday that struck me as first-rate." " I am prejudiced against sheep; ao am a partial judge; but candidly speaking, I don't think that they will pay." " I am going to try," returned Duncairn, ahd the conversation was changed. Duncairn found laimna a snug little station, and Mrs. HiU a very agreeable hostess. She waa an active little body of about two-and-twehty, with a moat vivacious pair of black ayes, exceed ingly kind-hearted, rather too much given to interfering with other people's business, more from want of other objects in whioh to interest herself in the house than from a desire to ba officious; but on the whole a thoroughly good Uttle lady. In a short time she elidted ttotn Duncairn as much as he choae to tell eohcenriag Ulamere, and the Essinghama, of whom ahe had heard before, Annie Vernon being a friend of hers. She gave a pretty shrewd guess in her own mind at the state of affairs, the condnaion which ahe drew being very near the right on* Aa evening drew in, another person waa intro duced on the scene, "My brother-in-law, Mr. Mannish," said HiU ; and no two men could have presented a greater contrast than they did, Mr. Mannish was an ill-made young man, with a aaUow face and solemn black eyes, not marry ones like hia sister, whom he in no way resembled. He waa of a religious turn of mind, and extremely busy. He waa staying at Jumna on a visit, having, in fact, been staying at Jumna on a visit aver since HiU married bis sister two years back. Although so excessively pious, the strong expk tives of his brother-in- law met with no rebuke from him, and the godly magaainea that he used to be dways reading in publio somehow never found their way into the privacy of hia own room, where books of a far more frivolous nature might have been found by any one who waa aaffl dentiy curious to look He greeted Duncairn with great cordiality, for in hia mind he thought that HiUingford would now be a nice place whereat to spend a few weeks, and ocoasiondly vary the routine of a residence at Jumna. " I trust that the Lord haa favored you in your endeavors to muster your cattle," he aaid. Duncairn, who abhorred cant, and had more red religion in his little finger than Mannish had in his whole body, answered quietly that "ha had made as good a muster aa he could poadbly have expected to make, but he did not flatter himself that the Lord had specially interfered in the matter." "To Him be thanks," solemnly replied tha other; but whether the observation waa intended to be a aort of grace, for they were on the point of sitting down to tea, or a tl-Uiksgiving for the success of the HilUngford muster, Duncairn could not say ; but he conceived no very great liking for Mr. Frederick Mannish. " What a nice thing it would be if Mr. Baaing, ham's Bisters came up to HiUingford," aaid Mrs. Hill to her husband that night; "AnnieVernon told me that each of them had four thousand pounds." " Hum 1" sdd her sleepy husband. " Supposing Fred, should take a fancy to one of them/ "But supposing neither of them took a fancy to Fred.," and the speaker buried hia head in the piUow, snd pretended to snore. So the Uttle woman had to build up an airy edifice in her own mind, and had almost reached a tenth story when she feU asleep. She awoke in the morn ing, however, with the settled determination of writing to Mr. Vernon, and finding out aU about it ( To be continued) We (Toowoomba Chronicle) regret to record that an accident, similar to the one that hap. pened at Kurrawah station a few days ago, ac* curred at GlengaUan atation on Thursday last* It appears that Bernard Peterman, aged thirty seven years, was employed at sheep-washing, and on the day named a lamb feU in a water hole, on the GlengaUan Creek, that was about nine feet in depth. Peterman jumped in to save h, but unfortunately got entangled among weeds and waa drowned. AU tbe-washers were present at the accident, and one went in to render assist ance, but was unable to save the drowning man. Deoeaaed was a Prussian by birth, and waa for merly a soldier in Her Majesty's Bth Regiment of Foot, from which he had his discharge and two good conduct badges. He came to the oolo niea by the same ship that brought out Hia Ex eoUency the present Governor of Queen-land. 