Local and General News. Wickham Rates. — Proceedings will be taken for the recovery of all rates not paid on the 31st instant. Lecture on Phonography.— We re mind our readers that Mr. Christie will deliver a lecture on the above subject, at the School of Arts, on Tuesday next. Fireworks at Waratah.— A grand display of fireworks will take place at the Han bury Tea Gardens, under the superintendence of Mr. Henry A. Gibbs, the well-known pyro technist, on Monday next. Lambton Building and Invest ment Society.— It will be seen by an advertise ment in another column, that the usual monthly meeting of the above society will bo held at Mr. John Stoker's' Druids' Hall, Elder-street. Lamb ton, on Friday, the 29th of this month, ihe ob ject of the meeting is for the receipt of subscrip tions, and for the nomination of officers. Mishap. — Yesterday afternoon, a slight accident happened to the steam ferry boat, Waratah. She was leaving the steameri' wharf, and, in passing the dredge Hunter, came into contact with th« mooring chain of that boat. In the collision, the Waratah lost her propeller, and was compelled to lay up at the dyke, where she is now being repaired. Runaway. — Ou Thursday afternoon, at about 3 p.m., a horse, harnessed in a dray, and staudinj; near Tattersall's Hotel, started off without its driver. The horse proceeded along Blane-Rtreet at a pretty smart pace, dragging the lumbering vehicle after it. The dray, with the exception of one small case which was soon jolted out, was empty. The horse was stopped before it occasioned any damago, when about opposite the Hone3-suckle Point Station. Hats Off. — On Thursday afternoon, the wind was so high that those walking along the wharf were very apt, unless guarded against the mischance, to lose their hats. That some did lose them is a fact beyond dispute, as we wit nessed tho bare heads of three, whose hats de parted from them, and saw those head cover ings propelled by the wind along the surface ef the water till they were lost to the gaze of tho observer. Oity Hall. — We are glad to be able to announce that those celebrated artistes, Grace Egerton (Mrs. Geo. Case) and Mr. Geo; Case, will give their first of two performances, at the City Hall, to-night. The entertainment given by Grace Egertou is one' of a most novel and superior kind, and has met with enthusiastic approval from large audiences in various places throughout the world. The programme, which admits of the greatest display of versatile ability on the part of the performer, consists principally of character impersonations. The musical and vecal talent of the artistes are well known. I \AAHiorm\ attraction is added to the programme ? xU uiue'r parts of the .., oceuis to have been undecided as to falling upon this city. On Wednesday and Thursday, we were at intervals visited by a few showers, which, against the strong S. E. wind blow m{ at the tim ?, w- r.- scarcely able to lay the dust. ? On Thursday last, the wind vas very high, and at about 3 p.m., blew a hurricane. The sea in consequence was very rougk, and the steam vessels going out of the harbour were tossed about like cockboats. There were a few rumours abroad about accidents having happened to the Sydney passenger steamers, occasioned by the roughness of the weather, but on further enquiry these rumours proved to b« without foundation, no mishap of any import ance having, to our knowledge, occurred to theso vessels. The Coonanbarra, which left hero on Wednesday morning, did not reach Sydney till seven o'clock on Thursday morning. One or two of her stern windows wero broken in, and the occupants of the saloon ware slightly inconvenieneed by the incoming sea. Rats in Newcastle. — They are the modern plague; they infest »ur homes and disturb our nightly slumber. If, in our temerity, we enter at night int* the darkness of any cham ber, phosphorescent eyes glare upon us from out of the gloom. The incessant gnawing behind boards, panels, and wainscoting, is the nightly melody of our home. These ruthless invadert of our habitations live, eat, drink, and sleep with us, unbidden. The futile efforts of our tabbies to expel them are completely ignored. If at the midnight hour we start siddtnly from our couch, the receding.patter of a verminous legion assails our ears. Like the witches, they will not until the ' first _ grey streak of morning ap pears,' desert their .revels, remaining invisible only antil the approach of darkness once more. Mishap in the Harbour.— The J. L. Hall, that arrived in port from Adelaide, yester day afternoon, had a very narrow escape of b« ing grounded oa tho oyster banks, when crossing the bar. Shortly after the vessel had been sig nalled, tho tug steamers Southland and Prince Alfred, went out and took th« vassal in tow. At this time the sea was running very high just outside the breakwater, and before the J. ? L. Hall, which was heavily ladan with copper ore, was fairly across the bar, a heavy sea, striking her amidships, sent her a considerable distance to leeward, and in very elose proximity to the oyster banks. The tug steamers, however, suc ceeded im bringing her through, and then towed her up the harbour. The tug Prince Alfred sustained some injury to both her paddle- boxes, cauiad by her colliding with tko J. L. Hall. Preserve your Old Paper, Rags, and Hope.— Many acarelegs matron han been totnpted to envy her noighbonr the possession of a darling : bonnet, pelerine, polonaise, or paraiol, forgetful ? that a little thrift on her own part in preserving the debris of her private dressmaking and patch ing, or putting by all her old grocery wrappers, newspapers, veteran clothes-lines, antique bed curtains, ancient night caps, shattered dress improvers, &c;, &c;, would nav* enabled her not only to equal the envied one, but to outshine her as far as a wedding riDg does.a pinch of snuff. An advertisement appears in our columns, full of encouratemont to those who have long mourned over the inadequacy of their private exchequer to meet tho continued calls made upon it for con tributions to sick lists, tallymen, local journals, Sehool of Arts, birthday presents, debating olubs church collections, seamen's mission, mother-in- ^ law fund, or special cases of distress, as sitk re porters, mad editors, ill- used policemen, wounded 'b»s horses, and millions of others, whose ghosts are continually at one's elbow, itching to get at our blighted purses. This advertisement speaks consolation to the poorest ; in fact the more rags he has the more welcome he will be. Does|a victiB regret having invested his money in any of the local trash, called newspapers? Let hvm, before he scatters the brain destroying jargon, to the winds, pause and reflect that the hideous abortion may yet be transfused into a paper collar for his own Adonis-like neck, or serve for a billet doux te the empress of his affections. Let him remember that like the fabled mill of rejurenat ing powers, the Mataura paper mill can reproduce the patent embossed sheet of cream laid from the very rag be was about to consign to prema ture decay. The voice of the charmer is heard crjing out, ' Bring your rags, your old rope, and your old paper to me at Moyes and Donalds , and the price of your life assurance will bo thug se cured, while peace and plenty will visit your threshold— and very likely, with a little coaxing, walk arm in arm iniide, and live happy ever afterwards, owing to the riao in tho price of rajs.' A Strange Incident — A correspondent informs the Manning River Times that, one day last week, at Mitchell's island, a whipsnake and a laughing jackass had a severe fight in a tree, which, resulted in an overbalance, and the snake hung upon a branch of the tree with its head hanging down somo distance in the mouth of tho jackasa, in which position they can even be snen now. Of course, the reptile and bird are both dead. JJeata jr/rom iixuesaive o uy. — jaraes Smith, an old sailor (says the S. A. liegisUr), had been an inmate of the poorhouse, near Zirk caldy, in Fifeshire, Scotland, when a long-absent son returned from Australia, and stated he in fended taking him to Australia, where he would find every comfort. So great an effect had the glad tidings upon the poor man that h» fell at his son's feet, and had to be conveyed into tho house, where he gradually sank, and in a few days expired. Western Australia. — Mr. Anthony Trollope is sending home a series ef letters, in one of which he describes 'Western Australia. After showing its disadvantages, he says :— ' I do not know that any colony offers better t«rm» to a working Englishman with a family than does Western Australia, or that there is any land in which such a man can expact to do better, provided that he will work hard, that he is sober, and that he can place himself in the colony.' — Arans, Oct. 15. Imprisonment of a Bank Mana gee. — The Beechworth correspondent of the Agt telegraphs on the 13th instant : — ' At the Assize Court to-day, the greater part of the day was occupied in the hearing of the case against T. W. Bentley, formerly manager of the Bank of New South Wales here. He was charged with making false entries in the bank books in the account of Mr. William Hamilton. For the defence, Mr. Bowman made a good speech, arguing that no fraudulent intent had been proved. He admitted that Bentley had done wrong, but he urged that Mr. Walsh and other inspectors might have been in the tamo position. No one was shown to have benefited by the pri soner's action, and therefore the jury could not find him guilty. Mr. C. A. Smyth, for the Crown, replied in an exhaustive address. Mr. Justice Barry summed up impartially, and, after an absence of half an hour, a verdict of guilty on all counts was returned by the jury. Bentley was then removed to the Beechworth gaol. There is great excitement here over the case. Departure of Mrs. Goodenough.— 'joodenough, the widow of the late Comrno jondenough, loft Victoria for England oa 3th instant, by the steamship Durham. ? the arrival of H.M.S. Pearl, in Hobson's Mrs. Goodenough remained on board (says rgm), declining all offers to reside on shore, he did not leave her late huiband's vessel the Durham had left the pier at Sandridge. ?e leaving the Pearl, she bade farewell to lin Hastings and the officers and crew, all torn were much affected at parting from the of their late commander. The gig which oyod Mrs. Goodenough to the Durham was ned by the officers of the Pearl, Captain iings himself acting as coxswain. TJpen ar ig alongside the steamer, Mrs. Goodenough received by Captain Anderson and Mr. N. leley, and with her tw« sons was welcomed -j -uhe lady passengers. As the Durham passed the Pearl, thelcrew of the latter, of their own accord, spread themselves over the rigging, yards, and masts, and cheered most heartily. At the Mine tune the signal was run up, ' Farewell, and a pleasant voyage. xu» was acunow ledgcd by the dipping of the Durham's ensign, and the band of the Pearl played ' Home, Sweet Home,' and ' Auld Lang Syne,' the cheering from both vessels being loud and long continued. Captain Hastings and the officers who manned the boat accompanied the Durham some little distance down the bay before biddiag a fiaal farewell to Mis. Goodenoaph. A number of visitors to the Durham, who had been to see their friends off, went about twelve miles down the bay, returning in the steam-tug. Frightful Accident from Burns.— The Bathurst Free Press reports : — On Monday last, an inquiry was held at Wallaroy, before J. C. Stranger, Esq., Coroner for Bathurst, in view of the body of Henry Lee. Elizabeth Emlines deposed : I am cook in the employ of Mr. Lee ; about 7 o'clock yesterday (Sunday) evening, I saw a light in the hall like a large blaze, and I went to the window and raised it up ; the hall door was locked ; I got in through the window, and saw Mr. Lee in his nightdress, which was on fire ; it was blazing all over, and I tried to pull some of the burning clothes off him, and then ran out in the yard and called for Tom and George (the men servants) saying the master was burning ; they both came in immediately, and we all began pulling the clothes off; Lee died that night, but I was not present ; there was no one else in tbe house at the time of the occurrence ; I saw Mr. Lee about half-an-hour before I saw him with his clothes in a blaze. Dr. Bassett de posed : Yesterday I was requested to proceed to Mr. H. Lee's residence, he having met with an accident from his clothes taking fire ; when I arrived I found deceased in a state of collapse, in consequence of very severe burns on nearly the whole of the front of the body and a con siderable portion of the back ; the neck and both arms were also severely burned, and the hair on the head and face was singed ; the usual reme dies were adopted, and some time after my ar rival I was joined in consultation by Dr. Mac hattie, and we both left for Bathurst about 12 o'clock, giving instructions as to treatment, ap pointing to return next morning ; this morning I received a message recalling me to deceased's residence, and when I arrived there I found de ceased dead ; I consider that death was caused from collapse, the result of the severe burns I have deseribed. Finding: That deceased, Henry Lee, came by his death through accidental burning. In the Pillory.— MaU» in «,, , ^ old paragraph of mine? oT&Zi;^T-' Melbourne paper ackno*!edged fi ft ft daily Southern Crow of Auckland I U J curiosity t» look over a file of thit L u the month of September,^ tn ° g J pillage was n» ; accidental, but »T.tem,tic ?„ lowing the leading articles, and .ppX',0 ginal, were the following, without anrXf to Th* Australasian :-Sept. -o7*!?m\ nnacknowledeed. Sept. 4.-Four «£S£T? Sept. IB-Three pa^raph.^W One paragraph, acknowledged) aifroma'^ bourne paper. Sept. 25.— On« ni»r« l , Sept 3-£4)B. vmUJSSSet'i Southern Cross, I see, has beenestablish.a .;,! 1843, and its editor ought t, ff: Tnl' journalism. Will he hare the mZTl Sm*raraerftph~with °r ?»?«?*) Two Men Smothered in a (W \- An eztnordiaur accident, mulling m ™ death of two men, happed itt gMt jfa£ on October 14th. At about I o'clock in S morning two nightmen, named Job B,i0^ Jehn Kain, junior, father and ion liiin.i Cambridge-^ reet, Collingwood! w.?e Si cleansing a large ceispit in the yard of iU Kong-Mem* .Chinese m.rchant.at to mat Albert and Clarendon streeti. EtrtM.llvJ From the nature of the accident, nothing ra positive can be known ai to how tl men got into the pit, but it aowi pretty certain that th« follow,; » count, which is that given hy those iri were working with the two Eami, is MrJ In order to get at the nightsoil in the cen3 which is said to be about 6ft. deep, md of c3 siderable width, it was necessary to opw iM in the floor of the closet. Young Rail it] supposed, went down the pit throng this' tij door to assist his father, and was imoediij overcome by the foul air, and, beaming inn j ble.fell into the nightsoil deposit at tie bclJ and was at once suffocated. His fatter, eid in following him to rescue him or accident! falling after him, also got into the pit, and J exactly the same fate. The other an J were working at another cesspit in thejl heard the noise caused by tlie father falling in, 1 down in the horrid pit of nightstil. AntffotB get them up was made, a ladder being pnegl but it was not successful for lome time, aill men who went down for tbe bodies, neirljihfl the same fate of the deceased men. ii smB tho bodies were recovered Dr. Webb «nfl for, but he found both tbo Rains, fitbwjtjH to be quite dead. The bodies were cow^H the Morgue, and an inquest was held befortl Youl tho next day, when the jury found ? Rain, jun., had died from suffocation, andH Bain, senr., had been accident]/ isfoH while endeavouring to save the life tf hill — Melbourne Argus, October 15. I 