The Anglican clergy and National , .,? ,.,, Education. ... TO THE l'.IHTOll OK- Till-: lllllsllAN'i; COUllIKU. j Smelt appears to 'me that whenever either of the ministers of the principal English churches in Brisbane write letters to the newspapers, which both of them. are very fond of doing, so is sure to make, a mess of it. The Rev.. Mr. Sutton is, perhaps, the worse offender, of the two and I think you must, have been in a much more amiable temper than usual when you admitted his letter into your yesterday's issue in any other form than as an advertisement. Could this reverend gentleman, who so reverences the past and depreciates'" the present, not cheaply advertise his spelling bee without attempting to disparage the primary' school system? His puny attempt at slinging, is, indeed, ridiculous for even on his own silly assumption that the great aim of, education is to enable people to spell well,' your correspondent "Lynx" this morning has put him ignominiously out of court. "Lynx" might have added that the winner of the sixth prize was like the winner of the second (a primary school pupil and that they are " now ' both' primary school teachers. But, in point of fact, correct spelling is more a gift than an acquirement; like Dogberry's writing and sending', it comes, to a considerable extent, " by nature," and I have known very highly educated men who could be beaten at spoiling by their own children, It is a great pity that a man occupying Mr. Sutton's position in the community should not be able to secure the respect which it is desirable should attach to his office No one will blame Mr Sutton for any conscientious objection he may entertain to the system of primary education as established in this colony ; but he should be taught to see and acknowledge that sneering assertion is not j argument Brisbane, September 25. : : A uiiAU ? alligator won Been (says the: Northern Argus) floating' down the river yesterday, died attracted a number of the adventurous youths of the town. The saurian doubtless came from some of the upper lagoon. Mesdames M'llKNiiHY, Anglo-Chinese linguist, writing to the Cooktown Courier, gives the following.ircasons. for,-; the reliiot-inco'.of the Chinese to bury the dead bodies of their countrymen According to the laws of China, when a man dies in tho house of a stranger, the proprietor,iif!held;rospo!i8ib!e for his death, and if he lins wculth-in'Ilia possession; finds himself mulcted in a considerable, sum of money, to be paid: over to-day relatives: of the deceased; for the loss they are, supposed to have sustained through the death of their relatives. No doubt but the legislator who framed this law; thought that he; was creating!!,,safeguard for. the lives of men.?j.Biitit lias-had.pu opposite effect. -When a man dies under the care of of his relatives there is no notice taken thcruof.-r-|ilitl'miirk the opposite effects. When it mind becomes sick among strangers he is taken out and left to die on the highway, which,., being the property of the Government, compromises, nobody. The law, as, it, stands, and, is acted on,, this instilled every feeling of humanity, incredible! to those unacquainted with the laws of China.. But the evil does.not'stpp here. When 'a man dies, the house, by such' becomes polluted, and' to cleanse it from such is a piece' of costly' work.' 'The ghosts and devils are expelled by a priest, who does the; work by sprinkling the house with holy water and burning incense, at the same time running through the house vociferating, witha naked sword in.pue'hanil,'which, lib strikes the invisible devils with, and a rope in the other hand, to bind them, and finally "winds' up the performance by plastering' on the walls some charms written in enigmatical characters, to keep the devils from entering the house and doing the inmates harm, who could not, otherwise have rested contented therein, until assured that the devils were , kept out by these infallible preventives For want of time I must conclude this subject at present..':! I think; however, that enough has been said, to set the public mind Brighton this matter. The inhumanity. So often witnessed is the result of institutions, and should not be attributed to the want of feeling off the, part of the Chinese. air. "-"If '-', 'Respecting the state of parties iii' the Victorian Legislature; the Melbourne. Telegraph:' says that nothing certain' can be predicted, except that this week will be a very' lively one in Parliament. There is a great difference of opinion as to the fortuitous Sir James JPOiiIIocIi'r'amend- ment, and the friends of the Government are sanguine' that they will be able to split the Opposition on this point Several hon. members, they claim, who do not; approve of the Government policy, are still reluctant to follow the lead of the hon member for Warrnambool A strong effort will, however, he made to bring the Opposition to a common understanding, and if a satisfactory course can be adopted, there is no doubt as to the majority,' as the feeling in Parliament that Ministers have trifled with the explicit declarations of the House is very strong. The tables are seldom turned upon anyone so conclusively as they were (says the Melbourne Telegraph) upon Dr. Kenealy in the House of Commons on the day before the mail left. Dr. Kenealy was indignant because Mr. Justice Brett did not sentence Colonel Baker to hard labor for his assault on a lady in a railway carriage, Mr. Justice Brett explaining that he did not desire to break the prisoner utterly down. Dr. Kenealy called the attention of the House of Commons to the subject in language of the warmest indignation, as " unparalleled," but a private member, Colonel Dickson, at once referred to a precedent in point A gentleman learned in the law, convicted in 1850 of a gross and aggravated assault 6 upon a child," was sentenced to one month's imprisonment without hard labor." And Colonel Dickson added?" He thought that the individual who had benefited by the leniency of Lord Campbell, who had spared him the physical degradation of hard labor, in order to give him an opportunity of rehabilitating himself in the eyes of his fellow barristers how far he had done so he left it to the House and the country to' determine should be the last to complain of the leniency that was shown to another." The gentleman who was. glad to receive mercy, and who objected to mercy for others, was no other than Dr. Kenealy himself. The precedent illustrates at once the wisdom of Mr. Justice Brett's course and the character if the assailant, and altogether the episode is likely to live in history as the prettiest example of a Boland for on Oliver yet chronicled on the Parliamentary stage. -'Ki':,'.;.. .,': 