THE "80ENtE " OF, SPIRITUALISZ.. (From the Scientifio Arnerican.) ON page '59 of the last volume of the Soientifin American, we presented some:of the' teachings of science regarding splritualism ; to-day we further elucidate the subject by brief allusions to some of the facts in the history of this latest epidemic of supersti tion. It broke out about twenty-five years ago, and the manifestations were popularly known as Rochester knookings or spirit-rappings. The first mediums were three sisters; their name was Fox. They invented the raps, the rap language, and a good part of the spiritunl lingo. They originated the seance, and drove a lively business. Spiritualism speedily be came a recognised institution; there was no lack of mediums; notoriety and money were the substantial incentives. People, it is said, are fond of humbug, and pay more liberally for it than for the necessaries of life. The majority of the people, as at the present day, looked upon spiritualism as a supremely silly. thing; the soientific world treated it with ridicule of wit; a silence inspired 'by disgust and contempt. There were investigatiorns; and although many of them were very foolihb, the rapping trick was fairly exposed. The raps were traced to the persons of the Fox girls. The mechanism of the raps was con. coaled and protected by the defences of woman hood. 'ITo the modest investigator the girls' skirts were barriers more formidable than stone walls. Had women dressed like men, there surely could have been no spirit-rappings and probably no spiritualism. ' 'We commend the fact to Herr Teufelsdroeck, the great phi losopher of clothes; and we shall look for a discussion of it in a future edition of his Sartor Resartus. Of tho devices employed by the early medinms, the most elaborate and suc cossful was that of a bar of lead suspended.at its centre by an elastic cord attached to and operated by the leg. Of course this was available only to women, and the men were obliged to resort to something else. The devotees appeared in swarms, and at the very beginning, and with the saume capa city of swallowing as those of the present day. Let a jackass bray in the presence of your genuine spiritualist, and at a hint from his medium he hears therein only the gentle and loving voice of his dead grandmother. The early exposuris counted for little among the faithful. A thousand bogus raps, they said, could not disturb their fiith in the one that they, knew to be. genuine. Also, the theory was iovouted at a very'early; day that there are wicked spirits which make honest spirits cheat and lie. Thus the Rochester knockings became modern spiritualism, with a vitality and dif fusiveness comparable to those of the Canada thistle. From the ridiculous beginning of what, in its inception, was probably an inno cent freak of a little girl, we have to-day a superstition which will make the nineteenth century memorable for all time: .Spiritualism, as an ism or -theory, was soon perfected. But the charlatanry by which it is mainly kept alive depends upoh juggling tricks which may be modified and improved. For jugglery, like all human arts, is improv able, and is governed by the laws of evolution. The raps grew into a thousand and one modi fied forms. Some'of the now tricks, like the spirit speaking and writing, and planchette, were too thin, and are retained only among the most saturated .of the devotees, while those that had the strength of real merit or ingenuity, like ý'ie Davenports' cabinet and rope.tying, have maintained their popularity. At last, and we wish we could believe it the final culmination of such things, we have the spirit materialisation. The materialisation trick was invented by a medium of this city, named Gordon, about two years ago. His exhibition waes .somewhat artistic, and is worthy of. a. dscriptiop. A. curtain of mon quito netting, stretched across the room, saps. rated the operator arid his paraplihernalia from the spectators. The nutting served'to protect the medium from intrusion, and also to give a ?more ghostly appehriinde to' the olsjects exhli bited. In the middle of. the piritual sanctum was erected is gorgeous altar or throne, about vwhich Gordon, arrayed in a priestly robe, in 'canted or oh'nseod during the' performance, The light was turned down to that faintness in which ghosts and -spirits, love to walk abroad. Gordon makes his right arm invisible by drawin' over ita' black eloak.' He raises this arm away from' and :at the side ,ofi his. body, holding in his right hand a common paper-mask or false face, such as the children get for their amusement at a cost of five or ten cents each. Then he gently moves the mask through the air, or ducks it or bobs it up and' down, &o.; The performance is re peated with variations, other masks and other motions, for an hour: or two.: Some of' the masks are a little dressed up by means, of a white haidkerohief' thrown over a part or dangling from the lower end. In such sim ple ways is an old lady with a white cap, or a baby in.a lo'g dress, constructed. A bride is got up by, placing a gauze veil in front of the mask. Gordon's repertoire of masks was ex tensive. He was able to bring up the spirits of men, women, and, babies of all races' of mankind. From the front of the netting, the view,. especially to the eyes of the devotee, was im pressive. Gordon was a solemn 'great high priest or head-ceitre; and.' in .responsed,to his incantation, the spirits of the departed, as life-like as if they were flesh' and blood, ap peared at his side. The materialised spirits were often iecognised. It was a common thing-to hear from'the crowd of eager specta tors sighs and sobs, and such expressions as, "is that you, Jane?" "Is it my grand. mother ?. Is your name Smith ?." "It is my darling Bobby-are you happy ?'! To all of which, through Gordon's skilful 'manipu lation of -the' masks, came the appropriate responses. But Gordon's career as a materialioer lasted only a few'weeks. One evening, in the midst of the performance, a gentleman of the audi ence leaped over an intervening table, dodged Gordon'sconfederate, dashed through the mos quito netting, and had Gordon securely in his arms. Gordon was thus caught in the not. He held a mask in his hand, and others were taken from the folds of his' robe and other places. . 