MISS ANGELS B Miss Thackrat. Chapter XXIX. One by one the spectators of this strange little tragedy took their leave as spectators do. The play being over, tbey returned to their own interests. All that evening Angel and her father sat by the fire in the studio silent, but not unmindful of each other s presence. Little Kosa was quietly playing in a corner alone. Angel held her father s horned old hand in her soft fingers. They had had a'long talk together ; ahc had been quite open to him, and without dis guise. Those well- meant deceits, those agonising suppressions by which people try to save othem from pain — are they worth tho grief they occasion ? Very often the sense of con- fidenco and security far outbalanoen any pain of frankness and even of condemnation ex pressed. A father does not utterly resent any mis. fortune, however greatly to he deplored, by which his daughter is doomed to remain at hia aide. John Joseph held the pretty hand with its pointed fingers, and looked at it with fatherly eyes. " This is a painter's hand," ho said, with a kind little caressing tap. " Where is thy cameo ring, Angel, that the Lady Ambassa dress gave thee ?" " How can f toll you where it is?" said Angel, with a sudden burst of feeling. "M. He Horn took it away ; ho did not give it back to me. How can I tell you where lio is ? How shall I ever know where he is again ?" The old man knew not what to say to com fort her; ho could only mutely caress the poor little trembling hand. Angelica felt that tho truth had now been owned. Now there was no longer anything to conceal, and any truth faithfully faced is strehgth in itself. But then it mnst he tho whole troth, and not a half truth. She told herself, and alio told the old man simply, that her life was spoiled, that she could not feel that vows spoken with all sincerity and seriousness were broken because . circumstances had changed. She regretted it all, bnt there could bo no change ; she was convinced this. "If I had not been sineero in my feeling for that man, what exouse should 1 have had, father?" said she. "It came to mo sud denly; but it wus no imagination. While he lives I shall ever feel bound to him. What excuse had I hut my sincerity It waB in vain old Kauffmaun expostu lated. Angelica shook her head sadly. After this Angel fell into a strange indes cribable state of morbid despair. Her nobler nature was no longer called upon to act, her commonplace, every-day self failed to endure the daily pricks aud tho stings of pity, of officious sympathy and half con cealed curiosity; Bhe knew not how to hoar it all. If she had not 'prayed with all her heart for direction, she once said to herself, she could have better borne to bo disgraced, to lie ashamed of her actions, to be branded, so it seemed to her, for life. ' And yet she had only prayed to bo helped to do right. She had not asked to bo spared suffering. Her prayer had not been so fruitless as she imagined. That for which they all blamed and pitied her, for which sho blamed herself, reflecting the minds of those she trusted, was not perhaps that in her conduct which most deserved condemnation. ' Her whole nature seemed changed. Slio who hud courted attention now shrank from notice with sensitive terror. Jn after days Bhe used to look back with strange pity and wonder at these sad and miserable times ; hut, seen by the light of a brighter future, these old days looked diffe rent, nor could she ever quito remember their full depth of bitter dullness. Even to remember is scarcely possible, to put one- ' self back is sometimes a feat almost as diffi cult as to put oneself forward. Some ouo once Bhowed me a drawing of Mendelssohn's. He had sketched his friend's house in loving remembrance of tlic hours he hnd Bpcnt thoro, " It is wonderfully accurate," said tho lady who had preserved the picture ; " but one window is misplaced, it is strango that, re. xnembcring it all so accurately, he should have been mistaken on tliiB point." Tho windows of tho paBt have a ourious way of shifting. Wo look hack at the stone Walla which havo enclosed our lives, and they seem one day to open. Perhaps after lights breaks through and make a way. Pcr- . hnps the nngel3 break in, as in that picture ; of Tintoretto's where the heavenly company bursts triumphantly through tho massive walls, and becomes suddenly revealed to the astounded Mary. The angels of the past do .'sometimes reveal themselves long after. Although Angelica shrank from any al lusion to her troubles, old Kauffinann . scarcely spoke on any other subject. He would return to it again and again, entreat her with tears and snuff to dissolve her ; marriage. Then her agitation grow excessive. " No, no," she said, " she had no power to break \- j suoh a tie," "But the marriage is no innrriage," old "auffmann would cry, exasperated, and ap pealing to Mr. Beynolds, their constant .i friend. "Some one rends a service, there . . are no banns, no witnesecs. The man had < been married before. I, her father, am not consulted, the man disappears." r. . " There was a licence," said Mr. Rey nolds, slowly, " I have taken counsel's .. opinion. The previous marriage could not , be proved. With you, Catholics, tho law ia . . trict ; but I have no doubt that by an ap peal to Rome " "I entreat you, dear father, dear Mr. Reynolds," interrupted Angelica, with pas- . sionate emphasis, " leave it, take no steps ; you only give mo more pain. I only ask to be left alone to bear my own burden, to in jure no one else. Forget it all, father ; 1 shall speak of it no more." And she kept her word ; but though she did not speak she drooped, the blythe spirit . was gone. Her friends were full of anxiety \- and solicitude. Lady .Diana used to come .day by day. Little Miss Reynolds used to arrive on tiptoe, slowly creaking the door handle, as if a click of the latch would add or detract from poor Angelica's barrenness of heart. Everybody had a different prescrip- : tion, but none reached her. For some time after this Angelica seemed ' strangely altered ; she had no word to utter, othing to feel or to express. Such timea come to all ; night falls, the winter of our discontent covers and hushes the songs aud perfumes and blooming garlands of summer time. She had nothing mora to say to any- body. She had aaid so much in so few words, felt so muoh in so few minutes, that now there seemed nothing left. Sho kept silence with her father ; sho would endure his solicitude in a dogged, stupid sort of way. One day Lady Diana folded her in her arms in a sudden burst of iudignntion. "My poor, poor friend !" she said. " Yea," Angel answered, "and this is only tho be ginning : it gets worse and worse." " The low-born, knavish, insolent wretch !" cried Lady Diana, whose own pride had been curiously touched by the remembrance of past occurrences. "You have a right to be angry," said Angelica, blushing up angrily ; " but he did love me. I am not his superior in birth, ho loved me ; not you," she repeated, with a 'strange bitter laugh. The laugh went on and then changed into n great flood of tears, which relieved Lady Di. ' "You will seo it differentlyaome day, "said "she ; "you do not remember how you have published by special arrangement with the uuti-or -all rights reserved. been insulted. Have you no dignity, no pride, to resent sncli treatment ?" " I think not," said Angel, hanging her head and speaking in a hard and dogged tono. "I in utterly and hopelessly dis graced. I see it in every face I meet. What uBe is there in spoaking of it at all ? Nobody can understand me, and even you will not understand that I can havo some sincerity of feeling in my heart." Her sorrow made her quite reckless of what she owed to other people, though not indifferent to their blame. It seemed to her as if all eycB were upon her. It was not all imagination on Angelica's part when she thought that peoplo were looking at her, counting her poor -heart throbs, scanning her lonely tears. She was a well-known character. This curious ro mance crept abroad from one source and another. Gossip was better managed in those days than now, and persons of a larger mind wore interested! in tho private details which then took the place of those public facts in which persons arc now absorbed. Mr. Beynolds was discreet in vain ; it provoked him to hear the poor girl's name in every mouth. Wherever ho went he was cross-questioned and re- eross-questioned. Some blamed, some laughed, all talked. Lady Diana used to bite her lips with vexation. What cannot one or two good friends accomplish ? Tho influence of this man and this woman worked wonders in Angel's behalf. Their steady friendship saved her from the ill opinion of many who were ready to accept the first version that was given to them, and who felt it incum bent upon them to judge, with or without facts to go upon. Angel refused all invita tions ; sho conld scarcely bo persuaded to go out into tho stroot. Lady Diana was most anxious to carry her away then and thero to her own country houso in Hamp shire, of which mention has been made. But Angelica seemed to have a nervous horror of any ohango, any effort. One day, a long time before, a Mr. St. Leu, a barrister and art critic, had been speakiug of some of Angelica's work to Mr. Reynolds. " It is graceful," the critic had said, "hut over- strained and affected. Everything is too eouteur de roseate-rose for my jilain common sense. I know tho old father ; a friend of his, if. Zucchi, an Italian, gave him a letter to me. The fair Angelica I have not seen ; hut her work does not attract me." " You have scarcely outered into her in tention," Mr, Beynolds hud said, gravely. "To her charming nature the whole world is a garden of happiness. She knows that sorrow exists. The wickedness of life — to us older people it is, perhaps, the only real sorrow — does not seem to occur to her. Perhaps it might be better for hor pictures if she had less confidence, but for herself it would not be so well," said the painter. One day, after poor Angel's tragedy, the two men met again by chance. " How is your friend Miss Kaufftminn V" the critic asked, quito kindly. "Poor lady! I fear her experience has been hitter enough to tike the roses out of her garland for a long time to come. I am oxpecting a visit from her and her father at iny chambers," he coutinucd, " they are coming this afternoon, on business connected with the house they live in." M. St. Leu's staircase led from under tho covered way that crossos from Inner Temple Lane. Tho staircase abuts upon a quaint old wig-shop, that oaunot he much altered since the days when Angelica looked in through the narrow pauos at the blocks and the horse- hair perched upon their shining cranes. "I will wait for you here, father," said she, "it is out of the wind. I do not care to go up." Tho nervous terror of meetiug strangers was still upon her. Sho smiled to her father and went and stood in tho one sheltered corner of this windy place, wait ing by the wig- shop, nnd leaning against the brick wall. Tlio colonnade divides two pretty old courts, with mauy lawyers and bricks and memories, with blue hags issuing from old doorwayB ; rod and brown and grey are the tints; quaint and slight tho arches and peristyles, to soma mimls as quaint and graceful in their mists and wreathing fogs as any ilauuting marhlo or triumphant Pom peian vista. Por a long time Angel watched the passers by ; listened to the sound of the footsteps. It was a bitter day for all its spring promise : a fog hung over tlic streets, the wind came dry and dusty, piercing through the damp mist. Angelica waited, indifferent to it all ; the weather made littlo difference to her in her strange depression. Would anything over touch her again? she wondered. It seemed to hor as if even trouble could not come near her any more. It is true that interest itself fails at times, and that life is then very saltless and ashy to tho taste ; bnt even this is a part of its experience, if honestly accepted, and not less honest a portion of life than its contrary emo tion. Angel waited, listlessly watching two children descending and climbing the steps of a piled brown honso with an arched doorway. She felt forlorn and out of place ; other people were living their daily lives, aud working to some end. She had' none, nothing to wish. Then she began to cry, feeling the utter hopelessness of it all. Sho could see no way out of it, no possible issue. She had never taken into consideration that tide which flows nnd ebbs, that alter- unto waking aud sleeping which bolong to all living emotion. If our hearts did not beat with alternate pulses they would not be alive. The children were gone, a lawyer's clerk had paced the court and dwindled away. (I don't know if lawyers' clerks looked as old and worn a hundred years ago as they do now. If so, Angelica, with all her troubles, must have seemed a pleasant contrast to the grim and foggy figures that were wandering about this Temple Court.) Ouo big old man, dressed iu loose untidy clothes, went slowly past, blinking nt hor from beneath a small scratch wig that scnrco covered his big head ; ho rolled as he walked along, portly, unsightly. There was a cer tain stamp of arbitrary dignity about him for all his shabby clothes and uncouth ges tures. Augelica recognised tho face aud strange actions, for she had seen Mr. John son one evening nt the play ; that evening when Garrick acted Hamlet. Sho shrunk away from his steady gaze. Ho passed on, and went up tho staircase by which her father had just climbed. Then more smoke-colored figures wont by with the minutes. Then by degrees the place be came quite silent and deserted, except for certain ghosts of her own fancy, and drifts of smoke and soot, and an odd jumblu of recollections. The wind blew in dusty gust3, and Angel sighed, from present chill depression as much as from any other cause. Some stir of pain seemed awakened suddenly ; a eorfc of un reasonable retrospective sense of shauio and grief came over her, and caused her to hide her face in her two hands for an instant. In thnt instant a heavy step came down tbo narrow staircase, fell on the stones, came to her side, and stopped. " Yes, father !" she said, without looking "P- "Your father is above with Mr. St. Leu, said a voice. It was not John Joseph's vibrating tenor, but a deep and measured tone she did not know; and then Augelica raised her eyes, and met tho full and steady look of two bleared heavy orbs, from which,., neverthe less, a whole flooding light of sympathy aud kindness seemed to flow. Tho ugly seamed face was tender with its great looks of pity. " You are Mrs. Kauffinann, said the man, in this voice, with a sort of echo. "I told your father I would stay with yon, my dear, until he had finished his business. 1 have wished to make your acquaintance," he con tinued, after a moment's pause. " I know to what straits we poor human creatures can bo brought, and I confess that the recital of your story has moved me greatly." There ho stood still looking at her, and she timidly glanced at the lazy, well-known figure, at tho heavy face with the indomit able fire of light in it, the lamp burning through tho bushel and darting its light into one heart and another, his looks no less than his words carried that conviction which is tho special gift of some people. Angelica, who had of late so shrunk from strangers, felt as if this was a friend to whom sho could complain ; to whom it was possible to speak. " What do you moan ?" sho cried, impe tuously (hor tongue seemed suddeuly un loosed). " Who do you take me for? Do you know my story ? It is only foolery and disgrace. Peoplo look at me — not, as you do, with kindness — and I sou their scorn ; I feel their importnnato curiosity, and know not how to escape from it all, from myself, my miserable life " "Hush, my dear;, hush!" said this stranger. " There is no wisdom in useless and hopeless sorrow ; although, somehow, it is so like virtue that he who is wholly without it cannot be loved by me, at least. To be ill thought of in another person's mind is in itself no wrong-doing, although it may signify somo discomfort to yourself. But believe me, my doar young lady," said the wise old man, "the world is not so scornful as you imagine ; so unjust as it is peevishly repre sented. Por my own part," he went on, "I love and respect you, disgraced, as you call it; whereas before, there was a time when my sympathy was less. Yon havo done no wrong ; you havo iujnrcd yourself, hut no other person. Iu some ways disappointment is as good as success, for it does not prevent the sincerity of your good intentions, nor alter tho truth of your feelings. To be mis taken is no crime. Many things turn out differently from our wishes. Cau you follow rae, my dear? Nay, you must not cry ; you must not lose courage. A lifetime iu still before you, and much hope for the future." He took her languid liuud, and held it between his big palms. Ho comforted her strangely, though she scarcely owned it to herself, or knew how this strange help reached her.. "Hope !" cried poor Angel. " What hope eon there, be for me ? I know not how to escape ray thoughts. I know not whom to trust, whom to love, what to do." "Love your enemies; do good to thom that ill use you," said the old man, solemuly. " Follow your own sense of right. Fear not to love, my dear. Pear hate and mistrustful feelings. Penr the idleness of grief; accept the mcroifnl dispensation of Providence, which, by the necessity of present attention, diverts us from being lacerated by tho past. It is a most mortifying reflection for any of us to consider what we have done iu com parison with what we might have done. It still vcmnins for you to contemplate the future without undue confidence, but with out unnecessary alarm, and with humble trust in your own oll'ort3 for right doing to dotennine upon the best, the most reason able course for a Christian to pnrsue, and to follow that course with courago and humi lity." Some people have a gift of magnetism, of personal influence, which is quite indes cribable, which belongs partly to tho inte rest they take in tho oonoerns of others, partly to some natural simplicity and elevation of soul. Johnson's personality and great-licarted instinct reaches us still across tho century that divides us from its convincing strength. What mnst that tender, dogmatic, loving help have been to poor littlo Angelica in her perplexity, as she found herself face to face with this human being, so devout and wise and tendor ill his sympathy. Mr. Boynold's could pity and hofriend, but he could not enter into the depths of feelings, nnd difficulties that he had himself never experienced. ' Now nt- last she seemed to have found an ark, a standing-place in hor sea of trouble. She looked up into tho lionvy face. She seemed to breathe more fully ; the load upon her heart was suddenly lightened, aud with a hurst of tears she stooped and kissed tbo great brown hand. " Oh !" she said, " you hnve spoken words that I shall never forget. Heaven seutyoutome. Now I feel as if I could face my life alone." The poor little thing's nerves had been over-wrought, over-strung all this long time. It seemed to her now as if this man had taken her hand, nnd led her calmly to the encounter of terrors and alarms which she iiad not dared to face alone, and which vanished as she met them. When John Joseph enme down after his long conference with Mr. St. Leu ho found A ngelica brightened, smiling through tears. His old Angel was come hack, with a soft, eued light iu ber eyes and a sweetened tone in her voice. " Father, how long you havo been !" sho said. "Not too long, not one moment too long! If yon oould know what this half hour has done for me !" It had done this — it had restored her self- respect, her confidence iu others, John Joseph rubbed liis hands, seeing her look of life renewed. The slight figure drifted less languid, more erect. Thero was hope in her steps. They passed out into the busy street, under Temple Bar, into the noisy haunts of men. Angel's friend rolled off on his ungainly way. He, was grateful mul cheered himself, for to bless is in itself the blessing of some geuerous hearts. Sericulture on an extonsive scale is about to be established at Glcnrowan, in the Bennlla district, by an Italian gentleman named Bruno, who has secured a selection of land which is said to be admirably adapted for tho purpose. Already a number of men have been engaged to fence and trench a por tion of tho land, and a consignment of young mulberry tvees is expected from Italy, and a second consignment from China. Signor Bruno has also purchased a number of young mulberry 'trees from Mrs. Timbrel), of Nortlicote, to whom helms also given an order for several thousand cuttings, to be de livered withia threo months from the present time. The University Debating Club held its fortnightly meeting on Tuesday evening ; Mr. II. N. Wollaston in the chair. A discussion was held on the question, "Is it possible to eliminate the criminal classes from society ?" Mr. A. Sutherland pointed out that the class of professed criminals for several centuries had been steadily decreas- ing, and must eventually disappear. Crimi nals were of two kinds — occasional nnd habitual. The spread of education, and a general elevation of moral principle, would cause the former source of crime to dis appear ; and the latter could bo extermi nated only by the interference of the State. It would be cheaper to maintain nnd cduento a person for a fow years in his youth, than to support him all tbc rest of his life. Tho growth of the criminal class would also be greatly, checked if those who have been three times convicted were permanently de tained. Mr. Shiels, in reply, argued that a9 the crime-producing causes were permanent, nolhiug short of the re-construction of human nature and a total re-modclliug of society oould lead to the elimination of the criminal class. Temptation would always exist, and the human character, being weak, crime could never have an end. Mr. lliggins thought that crime could ouly be abolished by weakening tho motives to it or by strengthening the counter motives. Mr. Pink held that the elimination of criminals was purely a natural process, hut that it could only take place under favorable circum- stances. Mr. Leon and Mr. Corbett briefly expressed their views. On being put to tho meeting, the question was decided by a con siderable majority in the affirmative. 