Scraps. Ic is impossible to blunt the fine edge of soume popilo-. fitdio.anosAs Ajn inetanoo at haud ij tlat of tiet lady tho g ,t up adl eont out church becausae she consuledod the minister'a rremork that w.e all " wanted to get iltoAbrahllamsu bso?n,"ae both malicious and iniilicateo. " Is thoro any pera,n you wipl me to rmarry ." osid a wife to a dying spouse, who ha 1 t-e-n some-what of a t, ri.t ,n hia day. "n[t-ry th?udovil, if you like!' tas tlb, gull reply, "No, I tlhok .o', my door, one Ihuscaud of the saevJ family is enoeughl for cno 1" Various stories have be n told about the solidity of the negro skull, bit the suinnlit of those tlose soums to have becen reachoe Iby 'he Summ.t (MI as.) SJatinel,J whiuh aa s SWeo were asto, jihed (as we I wu mlht br) )osterday morning iiy the hearieg of and seeing a little nego b y, about 11 yors of age, who had boe n rio over the tfinld by a waggon with five boles of cotton oil It. 'ias head was almobe uiashed to a jilly, bu he did scan to care muhobabout it. ' I th is nut a hard et iry, it carc:anly w s a bar,, head. An honest Irihman, fresh from IIibernia caught a bumhlo boo in Isli hand, su p)osIog it to be a humtnieg bir ', "Unitb! che x olairmed, how hot Iis li ti, fit is !" An Armidalo mla lu't his w.fe and a racehorse by the same strolk, of i. hton.. and hetried for two houro to revive the hare. Teeo egro girls, ill want of a new bclue', placed oh-truutiuus on the \W lneigton audl Wehlon It irlad, nearY.r Wiraw, N.G, th, other day, for the purpo . of kili *g some lalies on the traint, thiat they milght scoure the bonnets. Taey have bron tried before a maisot, ate and ocnt to Dublin J:l. F~or osp', suy 0 an Aeccrican go to Texas. They have pFauthera there,, thirteen f-et I nc and ex:o lingly vigorous; and if you have no sport, the panuthers aortainly will. Itmlet has recoontly been produced at a Thoeatre in .dliforisf, in whilh soma noe. business with the ghost has b cu introduced. The alteration from the usual ghost bu i. ness has boon made with suo' o uvhldn intolligout study, thatit is worthi untieg as the production of Hamloet in this colony has alvays boon wa'ched iith soll ;int rust by playgoers. In the fist not the glh st outers on the ramparts of the uastnt as usual, but ia the next scone i( qppoar in a deces, with a lighýh alhoitug po its face and "ectlnen'e, dimly btaked with refloeted raye. Whon thl jiut.rviowi betwbosn'hlamlet and the ghost in over, a curtain falls slowly over the recess, oqusing toe seetr'ng vanish moet of the ghe.st. In the closet aseoe the ghost appeare behildl i' aoroen so thoL the Qoeun catnub u oo it. Tri es nI'ay with the ap. ? rot Violation of probahality which mars thla scoo as usually rendered. Two little girls, aged respectively 7 andl 6 year., ranched t'Chmoudi i oen T'isd v, having travelled all the way front San Franoleco alone in qearch ol their father, whom they had not soeen ince their hahyhood. ite jJoined the Unitod States orey shortly eftir the Ih rth of the younger chili, andi the mcother died very. soon after his dopar" tore. Accidentally hearing that he was living near Itichmand, they as rtecd itn ?rarul oi hits, and roached that city i't-r c uc dlringo many privatloue, and hliu ,vored their paront with the aid of his phu." raph. A Ctl?tcAt. IEx.taLtArlo.a I of bottled soda water, soel in l.agoro , has led to the dia. covery that it contains Ilad In the proportion of nineotonatba of a grain to the gallon. In Lteon-on many Itihs of mineral waters, which hIve boae silntlla y toeteiu, provo to be oontaminated with seowage. 