TALES. PThe right of publication in Aastralii oE the accompanying Traits—' St. Michael end St. George,' and ' llarelston' — has been purchabOdby the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] ST. MICHAEL AND ST. GEORGE. By GEORGE MA.CDONALD, LL.D., Author of '? Malcolm,' ' Datid Eltrinbrod,' ?' Alec Forbes,' *? Guild Court,' &c.; Chaptku IX. — IjOte and Wak. 'WJhen Richard, reached home and recounted tlie escape he had had, an imprecation, the first he had ever heard him utter, broke from his father's lips. With the indiscrimination of party-spirit, he looked -upon the warder's insolence and attempted robbery as the spirit and behaviour of his master, the earl being in fact as little capable of such conduct as Mr.- Hey- : ?wood himself. i Immediately after their early breakfast the next morning, he led his son to a chamber in the roof, of the very existence of which he had been ignorant, and there discovered to him good store of such armour of both kinds as was then in use, which for some years past he had been quietly collecting in view of the time — ?which, in the light of the last rumour, seemed to have at length arrived — when strength would have to ; decide the antagonism of opposed claims. Probably also it was in view of this time, seen from afar in silent approach, that, from the very moment when he took his education into his own hands, he had paid thorough attention to Richard's bodily as well as mental accomplishment, encouraging him in all 1 manly sports, such as wrestling, boxing, and riding to hounds, with the more martial training of sword exercises, with arid without the target, and shooting with the carbine and the new-fashioned flint-lock pistols. The rfcst of the morning Richard spent in choosing a headpiece, and mail plates for breast, back, neck, shoulders, arhii and thighs. The next thing was to set th|jfi|j;a]gjb tailor at work upon a coat of the thick stronrledfflier; dressed soft and pliant, which they called buff, to wear under his armour. After that : came the proper equipment of Lady, and that of the ] twenty men whom his father expected to provide ] fronMimongst his own tenants, and for whom he had j already a fuil provision of clothing and armour ; they ; had ttt be'df.^rmined on, conferred with, and fitted, ; one by.oiie, rteo as to avoid drawing attention to the ; proce#ShJg: ^lence both Mr. Heywood and Richard : had en^gh'co do, and the more that Faithful Stop- t chas|^6n-.yhom was their chief dependence, had not j yet ^CQoy^fed, sufficiently from the effects of his fall to be eqjj^l the same exertion as formerly — of which ; he v?aa,th.C more impatient that he firmly believed he had bfieijv' special object of Satanic assault, because j of the.'jn'ese'nt value of his counsels and the coming weight rof his deeds 011 the side of the well-affected. , Thutf^jfeetlpied, the weeks passed into months. \ Djuikg this time Richard called again and again ; upo^^orothy, ostensibly to inquire after her mother, j Onlyrpnce, however, did she appear, when she gave | himtitp understand she was so fully occupied that, although obliged by his attention, he must not expect to see her again. ? I 'But I will be honest, llichard,' she added, ' and ; let yW'.know plainly that, were it otherwise in respect of n^y1 mother, I yet should not see you, for you and I haVejp&fted; company, and are already so far asunder on craerpnt roads that I must bid you farewell at once whiljeijyiet we can hear each other speak.' j Tnjere was no anger, only a cold sadness in her tone and manner, while her bearing was stately as towards one^with whom she had never had intimacy. Even her sadness seemed to Richard to have respect to the hopeless condition of her mother's health, and not at all to the changed relation between him and her. 'I trust, at least, mistress Dorothy,' he said with some bitterness, ' you will grant me the justice that what I do I do with a good conscience. After all that lias been betwixt us I ask for no more.' ' What more can the best of uien ask for? ' ' I, who am far from making any claim to rank with such ? ' '1 am glad to know it,' interjected Dorothy. '? ? am yet capable of hoping that an eye at once keener and kinder than yours may see conscience at the very root of the actions which you, Dorothy, will doubtless most condemn.' Was this the boy she had despised for indifference ? ' Was it conscience drove you to sprain my cousin Rowland's knee ? ' she asked. Rishard was silent for a moment. The sting was too cruel. ' Pray hesitate not to say so, if such be your con viction,' added Dorothy. 'No,' replied Richard, recovering himself; 'I trust it is not such a serious matter as you say ; but anyhow it was not conscience, but jealousy and anger that drove me to that wrong.' 'Did you see the action such at the time ? ' ' No, surely ; else I would not have been guilty of that for which I am truly sorry now.' ' Then perhaps the day will come when, looking back on what you do now, you will regard it with the like disapprobation. God grant it may,' she added, with a deep sigh. ' That can- hardly be, mistress Dorothy. I am, in the matters to which you refer, under the influence of no passion, no jealousy, no self-seeking, no ? ' 'Perhaps a deeper search might discover in you each and all of the bosom sins you so stoutly abjure,' interrupted Dorothy. But it is needless for you to defend yourself to me ; I am not your judge.' ' So much the better for me ! ' returned Richard ; ' I should else have an unjust as well as severe one. I, on my part, hope the day may come when you will find something to repent of in such harshness towards an old friend whom you choose to think in the wrong.' ' Richard Heywood, God is my witness it is no choice of mine. I have no choice ; what else is there to think ? I know well enough what you and your father are about. But there is nothing save my own conscience and my mother's love I would not part with to be able to believe you honourably right in your own eyes — not in mine — God forbid ! That can never be — not until Mr is foul and foul is fail1.' So saying, she held out her hand. ' God be -between thee and me, Dorothy ! ' said Richard, with solemnity, as he took it in his. He spoke with a voice that seemed to him far away, aud not his own. Until now he had never realized the idea of a final separation between him and Dorothy ; and even now he could hardly believe she was in earnest, but felt, rather, like a child whose nurse threatens to forsake him on the dark road, and who begins to weep only from the pitiful imagination of the thing, and not any actual fear of her carrying the threat into execution. The idea of retaining her love byceasing to act on his convictions — the very possi bility of it — had never crossed the horizon of his thoughts. Had it come to him — the merest intel lectual notion, he would have perceived at once, of such a loyal stock did he come, and so loyal had he himself been to truth all his dayB, that to act upon her convictions instead of his own would have been to widen a gulf at least measurable, to one infinite and impassable. She withdrew the hand which had solemnly pressed his, and left the room. For a moment he stood gazing after her. Even in that moment, the vague idea that she would not come again grew to a plain conviction, and, forcibly repressing the misery that rose in bodily presence from his heart to his throat, he left the house, hurried down the pleached alley to the old sundial, threw himself on the grass under the yews, and wept and longed for war. But war was not to be j ust yet. Autumn withered and sank into winter. The rain came down on the stable, and the red cattle waded through red mire to and from their pasture ; the skies grew pale above, and the earth grew bare beneath ; the winds grew sharp and seemed unfriendly ; the brooks ran foaming to the rivers, and the rivers ran roaring to the ocan. Then the earth dried a little, and the frost came and swelled and hardened it ; the snow fell and lay, vanished and came again. But even out of the depth of winter, , quivered airs and hints of spring, until at last the i mighty weakling was born. And all this time rumour beat the alarum of war, and men were growing harder and more determined on both sides — some from self opinion, 6ome from party-spirit, some from prejudice, antipathy, animosity, some from sense of duty, mingled more and less with the alloys of impulse and advantage. But he who was most earnest on the one side was least aware; that he who was most earnest on the other was honest as himself. To confess upright ness in one of the opposite party seemed to most men to involve treachery to their own ; or if they were driven to the confession, it was too often followed with an attempt at discrediting the noblest of human qualities. The hearts of the two young people fared very much as the earth under the altered skies of winter, and behaved much as the divided nation. A sense of wrong endured kept both from feeling at first the full sorrow of their separation ; and by the time that the . tide of memory had flowed back and covered the rock of offence, they had got a little used to the dulness of a day whence its brightest hour had been blotted. Very soon Dorothy learned to think of Richard as of a prodigal brother beyond seas, and when they 1 chanced to meet, which 'was but seldom, he was to ! her as a sad ghost in a dream. To Richard, on the ; other hand, she looked a lovely but scarce worshipful ! celestial, with merely might enough to hold his heart, i swellmg with a sense of wrong, in her hand, and i squeeze it very hard. His consolation was that lie ! suffered for the truth's sake, for to decline action 1 upon such insight as he had had was a thing as im : possible as to alter the relations between the parts of a sphere. Dorothy longed for peace, and the return I of the wandering chickens of the Church to the shelter i of her wings, to be led by her about the paled yard of ! obedience, picking up the barley of righteousness ; ' Richard longed for the trumpet-blast of Liberty to j call her sons together — to a war whose battles should ! never cease until men were free to worship God after the light He had lighted within them, and the dragon | of priestly authority should breathe out his last fiery j breath, no ihore to drive the feeble brethren to seek I refuge in the house of hypocrisy. I At home Dorothy was under few influences except ' those of her mother, and, through his letters, of Mr. Matthew Herbert. Upon the former a lovely spiritual , repose had long since descended. Her anxieties were only for her daughter, her hopes only for the world beyond the grave, The latter was a man of peace, who, having found in the ordinances of his Church everything to aid and nothing to retard his spiritual development, had no conception of i the nature of the Puritanical opposition to its i government and rites. Through neither could Dorothy come to any true idea of the questions which agitated the politics of both Church and State. To her the King was a kind of demigod, and every priest a fountain of truth. Her religion was the sedate and ; dutiful acceptance of obedient innocence — a thing of ' small account indeed where il is rooted only in senti ment and customary preference, but of inestimable value in such cases as hers, where action followed upon acceptance. I Richard, again, was under the quickening master ! dom of a well-stored, active mind, a strong will, a judgment that sought to keep its balance even, and whose descended scale never rebounded, a conscience ? which, through all the mists of human judgment, eyed ever the blotted glimmer of some light beyond ; i and all these elements of power were gathered m his j own father, in whom the customary sternness of the | Puritan parent had at length blossomed in confidence, i a phase of love which, to such a mind as Richard's was even more enchanting than tenderness. To be trusted by such a father, to feel his mind and soul present with him, and acknowledging him a fit asso ciate in great hopes and noble aims, was surely, and ought to be, whatever the sentimentalist may say, some | cemfort for any sorrow a youth is capable of, such being in general only too lightly remediable. I wonder if any mere youth ever suffered from a disappoint ment in love half the sense of cureless pain which, with one protracted pang, gnaws at the heart of the y avaricious old man who has dropt a sovereign into hisM draAv-well. fx But the relation of Dorothy and Richard, although j ordinary in outward appearance, was of no common/ kind ; and while these two thus fell apart from aacW other in their outer life, each judging the other ins^j- ^ sible to the call of highest rectitude, neither of then i knew how much his or her neart was confident of mi other's integrity. In respect to them, the lov§feV simile, in ' Christabel,' of the parted cliffs may ragi I carried a little farther, for, under the dreary sea flowsj ing between them, the rock was one still, Such a faith may sometimes, perhaps often does, lie in the heart like a seed buried beyond the reach of the sun thoroughly alive though giving no sign ; to grow, too soon might be to die. Things had indeed gone farther with Dorothy and Richard, but the lobes of their loves had never been fairly exposed to the sun and wind ere the swollen clouds of winter again covered them. Once, in the cold noon of a lovely day of frost, when the lightest step crackled with the breaking of multitudinous crystals, when the trees were fringed with furry white, and the old spider-webs glimmered like filigrane of fairy silver, they met on a lonely country road. The sun shone red through depths of half-frozen vapour, and tinged the whiteness of death with a faint warmth of feeling and hope. Along the rough lane Richard walked, reading what looked like a letter, but was a copy his father had procured of a poem still only in manuscript — the ' Lycidas ' of Milton. In the glow to which the alternating hot and - cold winds of enthusiasm and bereavement had fanned the fiery particle within him, Richard was not only able to understand and enjoy the thought of which the poem was built, but was borne aloft on its sad yet j hopeful melodies as upon wings of an upsoaring seraph. The flow of his feeling suddenly broken by I an almost fierce desire to share with t-orothythe | tenderness of the magic music ef the stately monody, and then, ere the answering waves of her emotion had subsided, to whisper to her that the marvellous spell j came from the heart of the same wonderful man from j . whose brain had issued, like Pallas from Jove's — ! ? what r — ' Animadversions upon the * Remenstrants 'Defence against Smectymnuus,' the pamphlet which ' had so roused all the abhorrence : h et nature was j capable of — he lifted his head and saw her but a few i J paces from him. Dorothy caught a glimpse of a i countenance radiant with feeling, and eyes flashing through a watery film of delight ; her own eyes fell ; she said ' Good morning, Richard ! ' and passed him without deflecting an inch. The bird of song folded its wings and called in its shining j the sun lost half his red beams ; the sprinkled seed pearls vanished, and ashes covered the earth ; he folded the paper, laid it in the breast of his doublet, and walked home through the glittering meadows with a fresh liifrt in his heart. ? Dorothy's time and thoughts were all but occupied with the nursing of her mother, who, contrary to the expectation of her friends, outlived the winter, and revived as the spring drew on. She read much to her. Some of the best books had drifted into the house and settled there, but, although English printing was now nearly two centuries old, they were not many. We must not, therefore, imagine, however, that the ladies were ill supplied with spiritual pabulum. There are few houses of the present day in which, though there be ten times as many books, there is so much strong food ; if there was any lack, it was rather of diluents. Amongst those she read were Queen Elizabeth's Homilies, Hooker's Politie, Donne's sermons, and George Herbert's Temple, to the dying lady only less dear than her New Testament. But even with this last it was only through sympathy with her mother that Dorothy could come into contact. The gems of the wind, which alone could catch and reflect such light, lay under the soil, and much ploughing and breaking of the clods was needful ere they could come largely to the surface. But happily for Dorothy, there were amongst the books a few of those precious little quartos of Shak6peare, the first three books of the Faerie Queene, and the Countess of Pembroke's Arcadia, then much read, if we may judge from the fact that, although it was not published till after the death of Sidney, the eighth edition of it had now been nearly ten years in Lady Vaughan's possession. Then there was in the drawing-rooman old spinnet, sadly out of tune, on which she would yet, in spite of the occasional jar and shudder of respondent rterves, now and then play at a sitting all the little music she had learned, and with whose help she had sometimes even tried to find out an air for words that had taken her fancy. Also, she had. the house to look after, the live stock to see to, her dog to play with and teach, a few sad thoughts and memories to discipline, a call now and then from a neighbour or a longer visit from some old friend of her mother's to receive, and the few cot tagers on all that was left of the estate of Wyfern to care for ; so that her time was tolerably filled up, and she felt little need of anything more to occupy at least her hours and days. Meanwhile, through all nature's changes, through calm and tempest, rain and snow, through dull re fusing winter, and the first passing -visits of open handed spring, the hearts of men were awaiting the outburst of the thunder, the blue peaks of whose cloud-built cells had long been visible on the horizon of the future. Every now and then they would start and listen,' and ask each other was it the first growl of the storm, or but the rumbling of the wheels of the Government. To the dwellers in Raglan Castle it seemed at least a stormy sign — of which the news reached them in the dull November weather — that the Parliament had set a guard upon Worcester House in the Strand, and searched it for persons suspected of high treason — Lord Herbert, doubtless, first of all, the direction and strength of whose political drift, sus picious from the first because of his religious per suasion, could hardly be any longer doubtful to the most liberal of its members. The news of the terrible insurrection of the Catholics in Ireland followed. Richard kept his armour bright, his mare in good fettle, himself and his men in thorough exercise, read and talked with his father, and waited, sometimes with patience, sometimes without. At length in the early spring the King withdrew to York, and a body-guard of the gentlemen of the neighbourhood gathered around him. Richard re newed the flints of his carbine and pistols. In April, the King, refused entrance into the town of Hull, proclaimed the Governor a traitor. The Parliament declared the proclamation a breach of its privileges. Richard got new girths. The summer passed in various disputes. Towards its close the Governor of Portsmouth declined to act upon a commission to organize the new levies of the Parliament, and administered instead an oath of allegiance to the garrison and inhabitants. There upon the place was besieged by Essex ; the King proclaimed him a traitor, and the Parliament retorted by declaring the Royal Proclamation a libel. Richard had his mare new shod. On a certain day in August, the Royal Standard, with the motto, ' Give to Caesar his due,' was set up at Nottingham. Richard mounted his mare, ana, taking leave of his father, led Stopchase and nineteen men more, all fairly mounted, to offer his services to ^^^e^asjiament, as represented by the Earl of Essex. / \ \ RAVELSTON. o By CHARLES GIBBON, Mutt((fcot,'i*obm Gray,' 'For Lack of Gold,' ' For the King.' ? X 00 q. / 2 /Chapter XLIII. — Hard Terms. of a prince conducting a distinguished gue» JWa his palace, the Major opened the folding doMftMpd bowed to Killievar. The chief bent his . hfi^u aftffly, and passed into the inner room. The ^Major followed, closing the doors after him. -4Kwas a small room, rather dark, for the window looked out upon a dull gray wall. The space was limited, and a bed occupied the greater part of it, leaving only a passage of four feet' between the door and the window. In this apartment there was the same dingy appearance of faded gentility as in the other. ' You will excuse our accommodation,' said the Major, carelessly, as he placed a chair for his guest ; ' London lodgings are very poor places, unless you can afford to pay liberally, or to live in the suburbs. We are a young couple, you see, and we cannot afford to do either.' Killievar walked to the window, turned his back deliberately on the Major, and looked out sternly at the gray wall, giving no attention to the remarks addressed to him, or to the seat offered him. The Major yawned, rested his elbow on the top of a che6t of drawers, and pretended to read a newspaper. Bold and daring as Bess was, she trembled when left alone with her father. She had prepared herself to meet his wrath ; she was not at all prepared to hear him speak and find him act with a kind of calm indifference, as if the business between them was one of no account to him. This conduct made her feel more keenly than any experience she had yet had the blunder she had committed in leaving home. She seemed to be utterly abandoned by father and friends ; she had regarded them lightly enough when' she pos sessed- them — now that they were lost their value appeared to be inestimable. He saw her tremble, he observed her frightened look, which was the more apparent on account of the effort she made to appear quite cool and satisfied. She was handsome, she was brave ; what a success she might have attained in the world if she had been only a little less passionate, and a little more cautious ! lie did not feel quite so resolute in the ' pursuance of the course he had marked down for himself whea he entered the house. That was only for an intttunt, however, and a slight modulation of his voice was all that indicated his brief hesitation. 'I am not going to scold you, Bess,' he said; ' that is no use now. You hare vexed me, and dis appointed me — but it's done. I am sorry, and you will be sorry before long, .or I'm much mistaken. You have made your bed, and you'll have to lie on it. I'm doubting you will find thorns enough in it to make you wish you were back at Ravel6ton.' ' I have no wish to be in a place where everybody is laughing at me,' she answered ; but, although she tried to look determined, there was a choking sensa tion in her throat. ' You would have got over. that. However, you have decided not to try, and we need not argue which would have been best for you. Where are your mar riage papers ! ' She showed him the certificate, and he examined it as carefully as if it had been a doubtful bill of ex change. 'That's all right ; and now that you are married to this — well, I'll say man, what has he got to support you with?' ' I do not know — I suppose he has an income of some sort.' ' Uh-hum — you have bought a fine pig in a pock, on my soul, you have. . . Here are those cheques, five hundred for you to begin upon. Besides that, I shall allow you two hundred a year ? ' ' Oh, papa.' She did feel sorry, and she would have liked so much to clasp his hand in token of her regret for the past, and of her gratitude for his consideration. Again he motioned her back, and she stood still, affection and penitence struggling for the mastery with wounded pride and that reckless spirit of resist ance which had been one of the chief causes of her present predicament. ' It is. more than you have any right to expect, and a heap more than you deserve. Y6u think it will make you all right ; it will keep you from starvation, that's all. The allowance will be paid into your own hand quarterly, by my agent, Horrocks ; but I will make no settlement on you, for I mean to keep the power of withdrawing from the arrangement when ever it may please me to do so. Besides, I desire to render it impossible for your husband to touch the money. He will not be satisfied with the arrange ment, but you must be.' ' I am satisfied.' Her head was drooping, and her hands were clasped ; she thought she wras taking part in a dream. — everything happened in such a different way from, what she had expected. ' Your clothes will be sent to you as soon as I g» home; and then all communication between us is closed. I shall neither see you nor receive messages from you as long as this man lives.' She lifted up her hands imploringly, but could not speak. The sentence of banishment had been pro nounced so calmly that she knew no appeal could alter it, and she felt as one suddenly dropped in a desert — desolate, forsaken, and hopeless. ' If this man should die before us, then you may write to me. Li any case, I shall see that you are preserved from absolute want, but that is all I will do. Now we can say good-by.' Her body had been bent — she felt as if she ha d been crouching on the floor — and. now she rose up, proud and self- reliant as pain and vanity could make her The pain stung her so that she was inclined to think her father would have been kinder if he had turned his back upon her altogether, rather than come to her with this cold offer of charity The vanity prompted her to make-believe that she was contented with the Major, and to stand by him to the last. ' I hope you will find that my husband is not so . unworthy of respect as you think, and that you will — some day — alter your determination not to see us.' Maijoribanks knocked at the folding doors and said, loudly, ' We are finished.' The Major and Killievar presently appeared. ' I have told my — your wife, sir, what arrangements I have made for her benefit. It is unnecessary to tell you what I think of your conduct after all I have done for you. So there is nothing to say, except to wish you good- day.' ' Give me leave to tell you something, Mr. Matjori banks, before you go,' said Kilgour, quietly. Marjoribanks and the chief halted. 'I once had an opportunity of acquainting you with my ambitious hopes,' the Major proceeded, ' and you counselled me to make sure of the ' siller.' I confess that you did not know I referred to your daughter ; I confess, also, that I have been fool enough not to make sure of the siller. But I do not regret the blunder, and I shall do my utmost to make your daughter happy. That is all.' Maijoribanks was puzzled by this man, who spoke with as much assurance as if he had been the pos sessor of millions, and seemed to be asserting his superiority to the master of Ravel ston, even in that poor lodging. ' I never doubted that you were a pluckly fellow, sir. I owed you something for what you did at the Bell Pitt. I have paid you ' ' (pointing to the cheques which lay on the table). ' but you would have found it more to your advantage if you had left Bess alone. I am glad you are both so well pleased with your bargain.' He walked out of the room, and whilst the Major rang for the servant to see the visitors out Killievar said to Bess, ' You can tell me if you ever need a friend.' He followed Maijoribanks, and as the two stepped into the cab which was waiting, he observed, ' They are a very well-matched couple, sir ; and if he had ouly been a man of family, he would have been a very good son-in-law without a penny. They stood their ground like one man, and it was a brave sight.' This commendation of the chief was not without effect upon Maijoribanks, for he was as readily influ enced by anything in the guise of admiration as the former was by any 6ign of courage. The Major had gone to the window to observe the departure of the visitors, and now he turned to his wife. She was standing, with eyes fixed vacantly on the door, in the same position as when her father had gone out. There was a brief expression of uneasiness on the husband's face, and then he said, gaily, ' The meeting passed off much more quietly than I ' expected. That is the way with all the ills of life.; the reality is much less troublesome than our antici pations of it.' She did not move or reply. ' I am afraid it has upset you, though,' he said taking her hand. She gave him a quick, distressed glance, shuddered and seemed to shrink away from him. ' Bess ! . . You are not to turn away from me, surely. You are no longer the heiress of a million aire ; you no longer have all the male world to coquette with if you please. You are the wife of a poor soldier of fortune. Without him, you stand quite alone and friendless, as it seams, with, him, you shall have friends — hrave, though they be poor* and one devoted lover as long as he lives.' There was a frank manliness in his. words aud be&ria;£ 'which redeemed much ol whatoerwong he had done in tempting her to leave home. She was quite cowed now, and she looked at him with strangely frightened eyes as the spoke, ' Did you bear r' ' Yes, almost every word. He has said good-by, and we must say good-by to your fortune/' She plaeed . her hand almost timidly on his (shoulders, ' And will you pity me ?— will you protect roe ? — will you be true to me ? I have nobody in the world km to care for me but you ; and I gave up all for y*u.' He drew her close to his breast, and kissed her. The wild, reckless lady of Ravekton was trembling like a snared bird in the hands of its captor. *' I love you,' was all he said. Ch^ttee XirV. — ' Things abb not what they skkm.' The elopment of Bess was more startling to Coiia than to any one else. Whilst others were gloating ?tot the report of the ' romantic event,' as it was called, many unconsciously adding details evolved ftrom their own imaginations, which speedily became part of the facts of the story, Coila was busy trying to discover why Bess had acted so strangely. She could not believe that she had misinterpreted ihe feelings of her cousin towards Austin, in spite ?f the assurance of indifference Bess had given to her in words, and proved by her conduct. Then came the sickening dread that she had been the cause of the misfortune ; and yet, mingled with the dread there was a tremulous sense of joy, which she felt to be wrong and wicked — for it was like rejoicing in the death of a friend. The source of this mixed sentiment was the suspicion that the desperate step Bess had taken was to be explained by the fact that she had found it impossible to win Austin. All the anger Coila had experienced was now ex tinguished ; she was only conscious of sincere pity for the runaway, and of bitter remorse for any snare she might have had in driving her to this last re source. That was why she felt guilty in finding any thing like pleasure to herself in the proof which the event afforded, either of Bess's disregard for Austin, «r of his fidelity to some one else. She was re6tles6 and unhappy during the few days «f uncertainty before the telegram arrived. Hiss Janet was in utter dismay, losing everything, arrang ing her wig in every position except the right one, and exclaiming against her own weakness in yielding to the persuasion of Killievar not to tell her brother what they had discovered. When definite tidings at length reached them, Coila visited Mrs. Murray. She was going, to the Miners' Row, at any rate, to convey to the invalids various little comforts, prepared for them by her own hand. It, was not much out of the way to go round by Mrs. Jtfui ray's house. She would have liked to cheat herself into the idea that she was only desirous of paying her respects to the lady ; but she knew quite well that her real ob ject was to learn in what manner Austin took the news of the elopement and the marriage of Bess. Mrs. Murray received her with the usual quiet manner, but there was a faint sign of stiffness, which the mother could not overcome, feeling that this girl had' deprived her son of a fortune and a wife who would have made his life a success. ' I hope we have heard the worst of it,' she said, when Coila had given her the latest news ; ' but a man like this Major is more likely to guide her into shipwreck of her life than into any safe harbour. Let us hope for the best — only, she would have been wise to have settled at home.' She was thinking of her eon, and sighed, remember ing how easily he might have gained the prize. She never doubted that it was his obstinacy which had driven the lady into the arms of another. ' Where i6 my hat ? '? said a voice in tlie hall, which Coila recognized as Austin's. The door opened, and he was about to enter the room when he observed the visitor, and paused. Re covering himself, he advanced and shook hands. ' How do you do, Miss Gardyne ? it is an unex pected pleasure to see you here.' 'I was just going over to— to the works,' she stammered, ' and thought I would call.' ' I am sure my mother is pleased to see you.' He spoke with no more politeness or feeling than he would have shown to any ordinary visitor. Mrs. Murray was pleased. ' I am going now. Good-by. I am glad to have seen you.' She was fluttered, and found refuge in the most conventional phrases. ' Going ? You are driving, I suppose,' he said, looking at his watch. ' My time is up, and 1 would he glad if you would take me with you.' I ' Certainly.' j Mrs. Murray was dissatisfied. As for him, he only wished to show how entirely j he had mastered all sentiment in regard to Coila. She was nothing more to him than any other lady why happened to call ; not nearly so interesting as if she had been a patient, suffering from chillblains or toothache, or any other inconsiderable malady. He yrauld drive with her to the Miners' Row, and let her see how entirely he was changed towards her. He would tell her of his improving prospects, and of the probability that some day — after he had settled accounts with Maijoribanks — he would either marry and settle down there, or sell the practice, and be off to some more genial country. Oh, he was quite safe, because he was so indifferent. The old folly had been thrust aside, because it was folly, and it affected him no more. He was now a plain, practical man, putting his shoulder steadily to the wheel of fortune to dis charge what he regarded as a duty to his father first, and, next, to earn a decent competence for his mother and himself. Love and all that sort of nonsense had nothing to do with his busy life — indeed, he had not time for it, . even if he had retained the inclination, which, of course, he had not. He had given up such frivolities from the moment he found himself deceived by Coila. He handed her into the carriage, and took his seat opposite with as much ease as if there had never been anything between them. He nodded to his mother, who was watching from the window, as they drove away. The nod and- accompanying 6mile reassured her ; although that discreet lady began to speculate upon the possibility of Coila's fortune being materi ally increased by the mistake Bess had made, and to wonder whether or not it would be well for her son to renew his .attentions to the millionaire's niece, now that the daughter was out of the question. When the carriage was fairly off, and the two were alone in tlie small space of the vehicle, Coila discovered unusual interest in the opposite side of the street, her hand resting carelessly in one of the loops beside tlie window^ Austin Assumed all the gravity of a family physician, and, affecting to think himself alone, began to study his 'visiting note-book. But his eyes wandered over the top of tlie book to her profile; and rested there, until 6ome movement on her part made him' drop to the page, as if his whole mind Were .devoted to its contents. She looked hard at the passing objects ; she was j pained hy his busy indifference ; ready to cry on ac count or it, and yet eager to show that she, too, was indifferent. The silence became torture to both. He made an cflbrt to break the spell. ' The weather is very changeable at present,' was his brilliant observation. ' Most disagreeable,' * was the no less brilliant reply, which bore more than one interpretation, fiut she was ' innocent of any intention to be satirical. She continued her observations from the window j he resumed the study of his notebook, pinking pencil marks here and there, to show that he really knew what he was about. .... ' It must be a great relief to you to know where ; your cousin is settled,' he said, by and by. ' Yes, we were very anxious about her.' Repetition of the former occupations. Then, as if a brilliant idea had struck him : ' I hope- you are quite well^Miss Gardyne.' ' Quite well, thank you.' Silence .again. Conversation seemed to be im possible, and yet they could not reconcile, themselves to silence. Each felt that it was necessary to speak, and yet was unable to discover any' topic of mutual interest. He felt worried, and. she ielt worried, by the sense. of incapacity to say anything interesting, whilst the breast of each was full of tender and loving words that would have made the other happy. ' I hope your patients are getting on satisfactorily,' she said, without looking at him. ' The poor , fellows . are doing as well as could be expected ; but . I am afraid wea shall lose three of . them.' 'That is. awful ! — and you speak of it quite ? calmly.' ' We are obliged to get; used to calamity in our profession,' he said, quietly, but there was the sug- , gestion of personal suffering in what followed. ' If we were to allow our feelings to overcome us in every trouble we have to share in, we would be incapable of giving any real assistance. We get used to the sight of suffering, and* whilst we gain nerve to do the best that can be done to relieve it, we do not lose our ap preciation of the agon3r our patients bear, although for the sake of others we control our sentiments.' ?' And can people control their sentiments ? ' 'Oh, yes ; habit — practice — necessity — these are wonderful schoolmasters, and imbue us with more en during lessons than all the books in the world. I was frightened nearly out of my wits at sight of the first patient who died under my hands ; yet here I am ac cepting the conditions of nature humbjy, and owning myself a poor servant, willing enough to do my best to assist nature, but knowing that I cannot alter its course. I thought that love was the first necessity of life ; yet here I am, finding in useful work content ment and happiness. I have even advanced so far as to believe that the humour, or passion, which we call love, is a humbug — a will-o'-the-wisp, which mis leads and tantalizes unformed or idle minds. We get on much better without it.' ' How you must have suffered I ' she said, softly, still without looking round. ' Say, rather, how I must have learned. You are not to think me a cynic, or tliat the world is all bitter ness to me. On the contrary, the world is very beautiful ; I find new blessings every day ; mo%t helpful sympathy. But the love which concentrates all its happiness in one frail human creature, I db not believe in, because it is folly, and productive of nothing but misery in the end. We risk too much when we place all our hopes in one basket.' He had become earnest, and there was an under current of pain and bitterness flashing through the film of philosophic coolness with which he spoke. She knew* that he was upbraiding her, and felt that she deserved it. Somehow she experienced a kind of pleasure in discovering this curious indication of how much he cared for her. What a future he had sacri ficed for her sake r How she wished that she could turn to him and explain everything ; but although she had resolved in a moment of vexation to do so, she. found herself^ now that the opportunity offered, utterly unequal to the task. ' It must be very agreeable to regulate one's life so philosophically as you do,' she said, lifting up a little basket containing flowers she was taking to the in valids. ' Oh, exceeding agreeable,' he answered, wonder ing how it could be that in such a short time she could become so changed in heart and manner. But her heart was aching and trembling — aching because he seemed determined to expel love from his breast ; trembling because there were so many signs that he had not yet succeeded. He would forgive her cruelty if he could only know why she had been cruel to him and to herself ; but theu she could not tell Viim, and nobody else would. Another painful silence, during which she busied herself unnecessarily in re- arranging 'the bouquets in the basket, and he 6at watching her. They were equally conscious of stupidity, and yet neither could overcome the foolish pride which kept them apart. ' Are you fond of flowers ? ' she asked, evidently out of the mere desire to -say something. 44 At times, very fond of uiem. I have a bluebell, which was given to me years ago in the glen up there . by a very dear friend ; and whenever I look* at it the bnght sunshine of the happy days we spent together seems to penetrate my room, although mist and smoke may be dark outside. ' ' It must be withered now.' ' Everything withers — hopes as well as flowers.' ' Will'you put this beside it for old times' sake ? ' She handed hi™ a tiny chrysanthemum. 44 A winter flower — thank you : it will remind me that the summer in which the blue-bell was plucked is gone for ever.' They were on the brink of pleasant memories, which might* have led to an explanation. The carriage stopped 5 half-a-dozen miners' wives were staling in to see who had arrived. He placed the flow'er in his pocket-book carelessly — as if to oblige her rather than to please himself, Then he assisted her out, and offered to escort her to his various patients. That was just the favour she would have liked to ask. They passed on together, the footman following with parcels of jellies, wines, and other comforts. They entered the cots of the invalids and of the sorrowing widows. She admired his skill in re assuring the patients, and was delighted by their manifestations of confidence in him. He admired the tact and gentleness with -which she spoke to the men and women, and was delighted by ihe happy influ ence which her sympathy seemed to exercise. When it was over they said good-by, and they pre tended to themselves to be quite proud of the calm ness and simple friendliness with which they had been able to meet. 