THE EDUCATION BILL. to the editor . Sir — Perhaps it may he considered im pertinent in me to offer the great ministry of the day a wholesome piece of advice, hut I do not do it in a spirit of opposition ; for, although I am indisposed to give them the fulsome adulation of some, who write them up as possessing the eloquence of the gods — that when they speak we dogs shall howl — still I consider that if it is not a para gon of a ministry, superior to any the House has possessed, it is a lasting one, provided the premier does not desert them too often ; or, judging by former proceedings, he ma' find his team have run down a steep place and choked, like the Gergesenian swine after the devils' entry. My advice may be, to use the fond ex pression of one of the dailies, "flabby;" but it is, anyhow, disinterested, as I have no intention, should tlie Act become law, of applying for the situation of either Presi dent, Councillor, Inspector, or any other billet under it. My advice is to withdraw this picture frame of a bill into which they ask the House to insert the picture ; this skeleton, whose raw hones they wish it to clothe, with some flesh leaving its vital life and soul, the regulations, to be put into it, by whom, forsooth ? a rib taken from its dead carcase, a, creature of its creation — its council. I contend that the regulations will be the essence of the thing, and I thought iu my pitiable ignorance that it was the duty of the Parliament to make the laws for this Colon 3, and not for a council or hoard to do so, and, notwith standing this phantom Bill has emblazoned on it, the fact that it was prepared b.y two of the leading members of the legal pro fession and of the Ministry at the cost of nil, which, in my opinion, is its real value, I call it a shirking piece of legislation. I opine that if pirating (b' permission) from \Ir. Bundey's Act this ghost should glide through the Lower, and to use a Billings gate term, should bilk through the Upper House, after considerable consumption of time and trouble it will only then be a dead animal, to he returned not at an early date I imagine with a child having far greater powers than its parent had any right to confer; for were not those members of the- House, who, considering tlie three R's (a term of derision given by Lord Brougham, I believe, to the lowest standard of education) was not a sufficiently high standard information that the code of regulations would supply the deficiency to any extent. A cry has gone up from the colonists to the Parliament for a free, secular, and compulsory, education, and this hill is certainly neither free'01 secular, if the Bible is ;fo he read; and as . to its being com pulsory, if the youngest member of the legal profession could not pull a client who had broken every one of' its so- called compulsory clauses through an' court he ought to he struck off the roll. I once heard the honorable, and will say for the nonce, the learned Minister of Education, abl' defend him self in one of our courts, and .lie had 110 fool for a client, for he displaj-ed an immense amount of forensic information on the occasion, and was too much for the honorable and learned Minister of Crown Lands, Mr. Boucaut, who was then opposed to him, knocking the latter gentle- ' man's law into a cocked liat. I was, there fore, greatly staggered by Mr. , Ward's apparent innocence of knowledge of tlie elementary principles of law ; that an Act of Parliament , can confer no larger power 011 its regulations than itself contains. I would advise the Government to with draw the Act and substitute a similar one to that of Mr. Bundey's, hut containing the regulations for the Council of Education, because I agree with the Premier in his opening speech that Mr. Bundey's is superior to the Government Act, in having been prepared with ability and care, or words to that effect, and, also, because perhaps after months have been spent over the new Act and regulations the latter may be vetoed by either. House, and the country left as it was. I am, Sir, &c.;, ; . THE THREE R's. 