ON DOCTOES. Doctobs are tall men with eyeglasses, and black coats, and shiny hats, and bends in their backs. Hey have soft voices, and speak as if they had just left off singing Terr solemn music. They smile eottly when they meet yon, and ?hake bands with yon in a slow and de liberate my. They love the society of canary birds and leeches, and other sprightir and entertaining animals. They get their clothes brushed erery time die dock strikes, and rob their hats with damp towels to make them glisten. They dank cold water when they rise in the morning for their kpft^j and put oil on their hair for the good of trade. They an much, afraid of ghosts. A man onee told me flat no one ever yet saw the fihost of a Doctor, fin- the moment a Ooetor dies all the other ghosts gather Bwwnd his ghost, and treat it »1»^ that ft is ashamed to show itsfiacetocespectable people ever after wards. He told me that the muoo of tins is becaose the Dootors made nearly all the other ghosts, and ghoste are a most nngratefiil dam of people. When Doctors come into a parlour or f drawing-room they bow, and mb one handover another, and smpe sad bend over yon, and ask in a whisper, ' How are we getting on?' Then they, walk over to the chimney glass, and arrange their ecarf and hair, and the folds of (hen-shirts. Afier tins Jhey torn their backs to tie glass, and, having sketched out their arms to the fall ength, twist «har wnsttands a little, and smooth the back of one hand wit* the palm of the other. All this makes them cool and collected, and prevents diem from ioofe Wben Doctors come mto a bedroom they smile and talk about the weather, and die price of mutton. TheBtheylook oat of the window, and aak who lives op posite, and whether his eldest daughter is not married to young Edmunds of the Lancers, and if their is any truth in the rumour that his eldest son has given op his wild habits, and is attending to his profession. After thiB they walk over to the sick person and say, ' Well, so you have persuaded yourself that yon are not weti. Slow let us see — let os see.' Then they catch hold of the person's hand, and take out a huge gold watch, and look as if they were going to deep. After a white they shot the watch-ease with a load snap, and sigh faintly, as if they were waking: then look tip at the ceiling, and look down at the ground, and make figures with the toes of their boots on the carpet After this they inquire bow often the sick person has asked what o'clock it was during tbe past week, and if be has been seen pick ing his teeth with a brass sail, or cutting his ~ hair wiui a n&4i&p.; Alter they have been answered they request the sick person to put out his tongue. When they see the tongue they say ** rFm, very softly, and sit down with another sigh. They then inquire if the sick person has expressed any wish for sausages or buttered Scotch or oxalic acid, or any other poison, or if he has been using terms of affection in con nexion with the name of his motherin law, or with the Commune, or with the Income-tax, or if he has in any other way exhibited decided symptoms of a, wander ing or enfeebled mind. Upon being answered they say 'H'm' again, and leave the room immediately afterwards. As soon as they get back to the par lour or drawing-room they say that the sick person is not in good health, and he must be kept as quiet as possible. They order him to be provided with a pocket handkerchief, and light literature, and whey or brandy, according to his taste. Tbey forbid that he shall see any bills, ortetegramB in the daily papers, or any thing ehw which would be likely to excite or exasperate him. Then they take ap a piece of paper, and write a few badly spelled words, and regiments of soldiers,, and other childish figures upon it, and request to have this sent to the apothe arfs. When theapotfaeearv sees this beesys, 'Oh, bother r and places it on a file. He then talies a bottle of paraffin oQ, and having pot a pinch of salt and a little nutmeg into it, sends it home to the sick man. There are a great number of Doctors in this conntoy. A man once told me that if they all joined bands they would reach from North Shields to Trnro. I don't believe this. For if there were so many Doctors in the country, how conld half the other people lire. The ssme man told me that Doctors ana the safety valves of society, for whenever Bociety is in danger of bursting of too much internal pressure the Doctors let off a proper number of the population, and the disaster is obviated. I once went to a Doctor when I was suffixing from a tooth-ache. He said it was best to get the tooth out I asked him to take it out for me. He immediately produced a pincers, and before I knew what he was about he was standing a lew feet away from me, with the tooth in the pincers. I placed a sovereign on the table, and turned to leave the room, when he called after me. He said he conld not think of taking a sovereign for extracting on^ tooth, and as I had been so good as 3n.give the sovereign he would not insult me by offering me any of it back, bat that he would act fairly toward me, and take out two more teeth on tbe spot without making any additional charge. I replied that although the pain was not gone I did not feel disposed to have any more taken out He said be hoped I would not deny him the pleasure of doing a friendly turn for one who bad behaved so handsomely by him ; and be added, his professional reputation would be compromised if it were known be had given such bad value. After a UttJe more I consented. He immediately pulled oat the other two, and I went away. Tbe pain, however, only increased, and ?fin aim boms so gnat did ft become Oat I grew almost mad. I sought awwlnw Doctor and trrplaitrftfl my case to him. After a few nnniilw fas gave a low whistie, and cried out, 'Why, my dear 8ir, yon bad not tooth-ache at all, but aearalgia, and if yon cjot every mote in your month extracted it would not i?™ you the least relief.' With a muffler annmdmy beadanda nandkerdaef in my month, I mshed back to the other Doctor. The moment I set eyes on him I shouted : 'I want my teeth V Tour teeth? What do you mean, Sir?' 'I want 006 teeth that you— in your ignorance — pulled ont of me a few hours 'Ton can't have them. They are destroyed. I threw them into the fire.' ' Then, Sir,' I cried, «*«l''g my fist at bun, '111 hare an action against yon for obtaining my teeth tmder false pre tences.'* 'Hurt! for yonr action,' he yelled, snapping his fingers in my face. I left the place and called upon an attorney, without a moment's loss of time. But the attorney told me that I could not take an action against the Doctor. There was no law against bis taking and keeping my teeth. Isn't it strange that you conld punish a man for taking a fonrpenny handTmrrhirf out of your pocket, and yon can't punish a Doctor for taking (hat from which you would not part for a thousand pounds — yonr IhHJi. There is a saying that, 'When Doctors differ patients die.' A man once told roe that this is a silly saying, and that it ought to run, ' When Doctors agree patients die;' for you cannot besorenntu they are all of the one mind. ? Emmanuel Side. 