ST. PKïÈR'S PYJAÓB ^ND''"P.OWJSB-ÍN'.'tH'E ; CHRISTIAN.CHURCH. , j ¡ p» Wednesday ovsnit giltst,, the Rev, John Qrahamoofi vend nn inaupurotory lectura on the nbovo'subjeot to tío ) ypii'i- Men's Cnriatian Association. Tho ohair w ooou . pied'hy'tho'Hon. Qè- ngë'. Allen, M.L.O. Tho' hvmo, " Onward.tbriatian tíoldierB," having been sutg, the rev. locturer taid : . ld his uddrciB on ." Higher Education.!' tho Most Bev. Ko?nr Bede VjuRhnn, D.D., has told us :-" We know nut oneaolauun ot tho n.ost trying and purpling diffloulty of tho moderh world, tin,, tor thc' world lo trace up im mistake to thc root-to'give up ductorli c and patohing, which will only agtravatc tho ovil ; to reo. m,nu.-l tho unity of Chrl»tondom on tho old baBis, and to litten once mote to thcaooenta oí Ht. Petor." Weio wo permitted to Intorprot this dlotum from our itanu. poir.t, i;nd jttm as it rot de, we could most cordially adopt it. Tnn rot>t¡ol "thc world's mistake" and guilt, as reproaont-d in Holy Scripture, 1B ni bellet in the Pon of God, and doctoring and pitojilne; up its own righteousness instead of accepting Ulm astho Lordour righteousness." ' Wo wish toteo reconstructed "the unity of Chriftenrotn,", not by tho despotic attempt to enforce outwrri uiifcrniitj. but by holding .! the unity of tho spirit in the bond of puce." Wo wish "to listen once moro and evermore to the jcectta of St. Peter," as ho still spoaks ia bis sermons arid nd dieeris In tho Acts of tho' Apostles and in tho two Inspired epistles thai hear his name. Wo would not exclusively'listen even to 3t. I'etcr; wc Would hearken alto to bia great Master, whom he so honoured, ord also to hts " beloved brother Paul," who " wa» not. a whit behind the yery ohleiest apostles." Though wo thus start our lecture with a sentence from thc Archbishop, before we had seen a sentence of his eloquent address «onad cboieri as our subject for to-night "St. Peter's true pince in thc Christian Church." ' ThlB will lead us to f peak of his1 true place, BB given by his great Master, «« assumed by himself, as acknowledged by his ci Apoitlcfaud the Apostolic Churoh, and aa misrepresented by men. Tho Apostle Peter's place in the Christian Churoh ts oa.j oí exalted diitBlty and influenoo, as dcolared by onr blessed Lord.in the mcraorablo words spoken'In"tho neighbourhood sf Ccaarf a t'niiippl. and rccorcod by St. Matthew in'hie gospel, oh. xvi 18-19. Peter had confessed Jesus " to be the Messiah, tho Bon of thc living God," and in return the tord dcolareä Peter's' position In Ills Church:, " And I say alto unto thee thalba art Peter, ind upon this rook'I will build ray Church ¡ and tho gates of boll sbe.11 not prevail against it. Andi will give unto the«, the, keys of tho kingdom ot heaven' and whatever thou shalt bind on éarth t hall-be bound in heaven, and whatever thou shalt-loose on »srth shall bo loosed in beaven." I ? We accept these words as indicating the Apottle Peter's jcrBdnnl relation , to - tho Church of Christ,, and the g.ru« honour placed on his poreon and work aa a .minister >f thc gospel. Wc think Dr. Whitby, in bia very togioil ind learned note on this passage, has conclusively ihown that tho reference oí tho rock ii to Peter's personal min strvf and riot merely'td bis recent oonfesslon, except aa that con- estían wat embodied in his personal faith and action. We quote bo conclusion oí Whitby's Boto :-" Nor. ts this exposition any ? lew fancy of my own', it is ai ancient at Tertulliari, who aaltn hat Christ did confer thia honour personally on 8t. Peter, snyiDir, Upon th* will I'bnild my Church; sic i-nini exitits docmt, in ¡no mlcitia rxtructa at,per Upturn, ipsttctuem imbiM .c., so tho event doth ;tcach, thc Church >vas built on bira-tint s, by hlm-f" a*"' hanselled flm-'the ? key!;' '» ' hs proached hat sermon by which three thousand. Jews wero brought nto thc faith ;.. ho laid the first - foundation of a Church among tho Gentile!; ho first by baptism gave them «trance into the kingdom of heaven. ' Ho waa,' > ája Ambrose, styled thc rook; beeiluse he laid' the first foundations 'of faith jnocg tho nations.' i.I, theréiore, conclude that tho plain Import >1 these words is this, that the Apostlo Peter, by preaching first to he Jew and the Gentile, and by baptising those to. whom he ireached, .should ,lay', the first foundations ot the CotlstUn ;buTcb, and that agamat the Chnrch thus planted by him thr .ates of bell ebould not prevail." (Cheer».')' Peter's own history nd »ords aro the best commentaries on this great,' and greatly lltputcd,. figurative, promise.; The record of bia ministry show-, bat God.madeohoioeof bim to forro thc Churoh both among bo Jcwa and thc Gentiles ; and that to lay itt foundations, i.ii td open the dodr of faith by "the key of Insplréd truth to.tho hoiuwnrM'of Jews oh the Day.'tri Pentecost, and to tho lira*, frnitf nd representatives of the Gentile Church in the noose" of O.ir elius, - These were perhaps the highett' honours. that God couttl onfer upon mortal man ; and God made choice of 81mon Peter mong.hle brethren for this groat work. Ho was eminently littod >r it as, perhaps, thc oldest, the boldest, the most isealous, the lo'et deeply humbled of all thc followertof JesuB., HI» rcoorded :rmons have a; depth, a power, and polnt-^a fearlessness dud jrce most suited to successful pioneer work. ?. ? Butin'what echBe'was he'the foundation of the'Chureli ! ot as to personal, merit. That ho- mott zealously repartiste i, nd declared the-only name Üiat. had saving 'merit wa»that ot lr be was ari ambassador speaking thc words of another. .Not 'i I personal power, for ho attributed.' all'power to Jesus'Christ, in 'bose natue he'spake. He waB figurátively.afoúndation, because bjpreaohlng led men to bli Lord, whose merit, power, am! athority aro tho only rook of ages on which the individual or tl Church,ean mt. So be expressly teaches ;in. bis fl'st eulie, ii. i-B.,", In thia ptBsago ne quotes God's declaratl-iu cccornieg His Son as the .foundation Ot thc . Church, aa tells believers that ' a» . living 'stones- they' were hilt upon Christ.' Oh, how Indignantly he would hare rejected th ¡dca of the Church being built literally on him! ;.;Wlth hi? "e-loved brother Paul" he .would have : exclaimed-" Other fondation. can no man lay.than that is laid, whiop-ia Jceut CÍ¡H."T-1 Cor¿iii.'2.,,If 'men,wiH, carefully rcflcct.upón wh.it th flguratlve'languagc of Scripture really means, and if they ot aiiing'át exact ideas on divine things, they cannot conceive ot th1 apostle Peter, or any othér created being, .as-literally and ,trly tho'four.dntion of that .groat society'of 'believing aon'-.. f ontlcis in numbera and eternal in progressive life, who believe ioho Lord Jesus Christ as their "wisdom, righteousness, sancii fiction, and redemption," "ïo. moke a creature-derived, tinted,'''dependent-the foundation . of 'a' uhlv»'-'.?-.r crcr lalng' society would ' be ta-" invert the vast-'pyramid nfl beimr, . and put. its apex1 instead : of ' its .. base. Jens Christ, in His atoning righteousness, Divine authority, acd Aliighty power,, and cndletB changeless being, is the only pos- ; aibe ionndatlon of lllB.Churel). Others may be foundation-Btono; j lal on this lock-most precious, living stones. BuoVpre-ctnin- ' etty.was tbo A]iost(o Peter, and Sis co-apost!es, foundations und blars' resting on Christ, the'rook of agesf and in time tu l ' nthotity nearest to Him. - . jVhcn'we look at the nature And extent ot the honour,put on 'Pti'r by the Lord, it i» difüonli to. extggsrato it.; -He ev. bxourcd to utter the iirst termon concerning thc rlseo Bedceipcr, ndcrtheillapseof tho newly descended Spirit j'aud-by that serin w l{ lead thrte, thousand immortal sou's to "find'rist; and hpe, and salvation' in Christ Jesus. He waa inspired au commissioned to declare tho terms of the torgue- , nie or retention of tm. He was.. the awful miulstjr . ol death to, Ananias and hiB wife, who indulged - ibu ; ; vfcst ambition, covetousness, and falsehood under the cloak c.' , ítí-facrlilco. nnd blasphemously experimented on the preicncc; . all cinnbeietco of tho Holy Ghost. He nt Samaria opened th.: ' dor of the Church to many believers, and shut; it against 1 li wilted Simon Magus. His history-is..I repeat it, tho only sure . t dum cn: ar y on the honours conferred prophetically on him in thifigurativo words of his Master. Wc do not thmk-tho Churoh ; of ¡orne, or any Chu-ch, can honour Peter too highly, while 'h.'y , doto within the lines .marked out by Anostolio history. ' (Der, htar.) Had be been commlsBloned to revell thu t-etets of all the eclcnoes as a basie - of the worldv [olntiflo belief, - it would not. have ' boen 'a com- - misión so high as that given him to disclose to men Jesus: UbisUs tho foundation of their beliefs and hopes for eternitv. . Cold he with the wavo of an enchanter's wand have disclosed . thvarth's Inmost treasures, or with the key of imperial po-vm , haï opened np all tho treasures aid dignities of the world, it ! . wold have been hut a traritient power and a meigre boon- earn . 1 pa-.d to the power he possessed und exerted lu .laying tho fmu ; datons of the Christian Church,, and introducing men.to w.'-. < bleelrgs ot salvation on earth, preparatory to tho. glories ot cn-.i- -, pletd salvation in heaven. Ttrup.ral diadems grow dim-Boiorir1 lhecrown of the glorluus lowly flBhermau of Galilee. His nior.il i thrne, even here, ia one that brightens with the advance of axe; i anchis sceptre bas wider command in proportion at mea f«arG-.u j ; anûove bis Bon. (Cheers:) But here the question naturallv .' .arift'i-Did Jesuj Ubiijt confer on Peter otllcial primacy.amouf , bis^rpther »potties 1 W«B.hotb«ir prince and chief ! ! ' 'here is a lenee in wbioh he was, and there is another in which . ', he ias not ; personally ho was, officially he was, nbj. (Cheers.). i No'man" can fairly and carefully peruse tho four Gospetf j I witout being struck with the prominence into which Poier wiri , bi a «ht irom his first meeting with Jesu», when' the lattor po-' rocco4 that Bar-Jonas should be Cephat-thc son of tho dove . tsboild be a rook,-until the scene by the Sea of < Galilee, whcfi. r ..Jes:» thrice searched Peter's heart, and thrice commissioned hin, . ;io ¿t sa a thephéid to hit flock. Peter is the first in liver. . ; cstiogue of thc apostles as Judas is the last. " He Was generally '? i Fpeker for'al! the twelve, and even for James ¿nd John, lt wi'-i ! to- tm tho tax-gatherers came to inquire for blt master's tributo ; ' ! -ardit was he drew the sword as foremost defender ot bis Lord., . -(Chere.) .. ;' . . , , - . .-.." ,. , : ! -.- ^c know there ll another side to all this. Poler had his.woai-j ; ueaisnnd his fallt. He was hasty in forming judgments, and. i tari In announcing them; His prejudices were deep, and hi*' vlciB detective anu olten oarnal. Hi- bad not tho depth and fir.e ! "nea of feeling constitutional to " the disoiplo whom Jesus loved." i \- antin dellberutercst and resolution he wat not BO oool as Thoni-s. { , iUnwas in' eduoation and.mental power far below Paul, Vc.! tainan Peier wus a grand block of rough Galilean humanity, and ' ? ^wî moule cd by God's spirit into ono of the most inasslvo and ; ' Ittjbiial characters among " the goodly fellowship of tac i 'Ap'stles"-tho moral heroes of our race. (Cheers.) . EU' ¡ 'defote .»nd ^lapses 'aro recorded in the book that, cm j , luffed to be truo to the defects af its greatest chirie ' -tdit; and of all the. Gospels none is BO unsptring to i ;.I'ttr as that.,01 Mark, .written, probably, at his. dlcta'.iou. j ; j It.itptif telly true that, of all the Apostle», none over committed k£uclblüiidéiB.B8 Peter. Ho rebuked his Master for arinonncln? ' I "thofcdemption-of tbeworld'by His coming death.1 This he did | jumticr his gnat enfeition arid honour ; and, tis'if to humb e i 1 him.proportionally, no disciple over« received from the Lips o'1 ¡ Jesu a rebuke so févere, as Ihst,,-" Get thee behind mo Satan, I i thouait i.n otience unto .me, thou ravburcst not the things tint i I bi- olGi d, but those that bc of men.'.' Ho was of those who disputt-d ¡ sj ib WÍ.y which of tbem.ihould bo greatest.. He refused to Int i i Jesu wash bis felt. Ile spake folly on tho'Mount of Transfiau I ; t atto*. He fell-asleep In ttl« honr of the-Iiord'a agony, aft.'t . benetng of spécial devotion. "-He fonook Jesus, and-fled after the- ', ..ihfb.Bwoid.cut on Malchusj and. before bi» Lord's .face be' ; . t-.ni'dy and wickedly ourted and iworc he did.not know Him:: , This xns thc last and dt- epeat fall.of a series. But in tho darkness, t(a;S| and penitenco of that hour'hla orb reached ita nadir, and 1 thrn ie did what in hiaBplstlee-he exhorts us to do : " Humble' i j ouiílves, therefore, under tho mighty hand of God, that no maj ! ! . exoltyou in dna time," I. Peter, v, 6. Hi«, faith swooned, buti ; , did tit die ; it awoke to giant power. On the Day of Pentcoost '.thewvunded¿nvalid oi.mq.oul peifectly healed, a mighty ohan: j pion.^Ktoni miels and darkness his Bun rose to a' glorious : apoFtiio zenith, and after a gloriouB course disappeared from ' I eaithihrough tho golden gatcB of a martyr decease. (Cheers.)' ; -TJnliHbe. nar of Paul arose there-wat none-in the apostolic , . bcaTO ut grç|t, as bright, as burning as Bimou Peter's : i . He uidoubtcdly had n portonal primaoy among tho eleven, i , , Vc gLoly concede this, becaueo lt is true; but it is nat truo tha'.< ! hcheuofncial pr macy among the Apostles either before or Bf ter i i Pentewft. Some of them solicited official primacy among their b:clhtn; but Jesut firmly, almost sternly, put it down. "And, there va» also a »trite among thom .which of them Bhou'.d bi. i -.»ccouited the greatest. . And He laid unte them, tho kings ol the, ; / Gentile exeroiio lordehip over, them ; and they, that exoroiee ' .aulhoij y upon them aro oallcd benefactors ; but ye shall nat b ' f o : bu he that ls greatest among you, let him bo a» thc younger : i I 'ard bt'tbot.la chief as bo that doth serve." * Luke xxi". 35, aniil Matthe» xx. 2M8¡ To edvooato the official prlniaoy of Pater umenghlsbiethren Vs to revivo the very.hrinciple .that, Jesu^' . prohibitd. _ To çall him.t« Prince of the Apostles " is to do whiti the- Lod taid."shall not be io among you " t lt litruc He prc-intlmated Peter's great influence and service) in the|.nuioh ; but .In thia he was only first among his enua'«.i for e.uiLord gave, CB to kind, tho very samo commission to all: .Wt Apistles. To all the twelve He said, after He had forbl-tdei l ofliolalprelaoy among them, » Te ar« they which have oontinued with nj in my temptations. Andi appoint unto you a kingdom.; , »» «nj hiber hath appointed unto me; that ye may.eat and drink' ai my Hbleinmy kingdom, and »lt on thrones, judging the twelve! . tribes .f Iirael," Luke xxil. 2t-t0., Whatevor thcie honours . mean, tey were to be common to all. Were Peter to be a prlnct.-: «nd » prelate among his brethren, Jesus would not only not have; lorbidden it, but have commanded lt at that time. ; So aftcrwardi! . - the power of th« keys, the powsrof binding and looning, are.mad<-¡ , eo&mon; lo all. Thu» before Hi« pastion, He tay» in Matt?xviii v r¿ tonto you, whatsoever yo »hall bind on earth! ./HUÍ* ?°nD2 » heaven ; »nd whatsoever ye thill lodtel bricarth i i »ballba loosed in Htaven." Th»mo«tex»x!thUwrièll'liittration' of this ve oan find, perhsp», it that in tht.Uth af : Ada;wha»> alTthel ApoiilcB and elders and brethrea oombined, under th« direction of tb« loly fpirit, to unbind the Gentile ChrittUn» from the burdai of tba oerunoaial law, ytt sUU to bind all to »bjtuin from 'things strangled,'from things offered to idols, framfornios- : tioni! r.ria irbm Wood.' Here, though Peter Bpoko powor iullj; he; WBS- but ono among many. Ho noithor con- voked Ole Council, collected Its .decision, or assumed any plBco ¿ns prince of tho Apostles. , Tho same power of binding and looBlng, otopenlng and «hutting, waa attributed to hil when Jesus appeared to them aftor bia resurrection. John xx. 5l-S2.' Bo all the Apostles aro represented a« conjoined founda- tions with Peter :-" And ye are built upon thc foundation ot the apostles »nd prophets, Jesus Christ himself being tho chief corner nose "-Enh; ii. 90, When John saw tho Church in vision, under tho emblem of a olty, he said :-" And the wall of tho olty had twelve foundations: and in thom the names of tho twelve Apos- tles of thc Lamb." Rov. xxl. 14. No doubt tho name ol Peter shone in those adsmantine foundations, but only as one ol thc twelve Apostles of tho Lsmb. (Cheora.) ? Had JCBUB Christ intended that Peter should bo his vicar, hu viaegerent, and princo among tho Apostles, he would navo os dletinctly mentioned that, and enjoined obedlenoo on thc others, aa dearly as ho ha6 mentioned other matters of muoh less moment in connection with the order and conduct of hie Church. But far Tom enjoining obi dlenco to Peter as pro-eminent in the apostolic ibnnd.hc striotly prohibited the desire of pre-emlnenoe or power, ol one over another. Had Jesus Christ intended Potcr to be» his viceroy and tbBt Peter should have a successor in that outee, :thoee viceregal honours, privileges, and dutieB would btrtraoeablu In beamB of tight BB clear as .any precepts in-the Sermon on the iMount, dr'tbe predations concerning the destruction of Jerusalem. But bc not only did not say Peter is jour master and him ye are to obey, but he Bald, " Call no man on earth MaBter, for ono :¡B'Tour Master, even Christ,, and all ye are brethren." ! Secondly, tbis reasoning is confirmed by the place St, Peter.nim Bclf took. in. the Churoh of Christ, Had his MaBter given him a plooo of pre- eminence and princedom over his oo-epostles, he was 'solemnly .bound to assume its dignities and demand obediences. Bid ho' do so I The features of his character and tho faota of bis life are given to us very plainly tn the Gospels aid Acta. Whore does ho'sEsumo pre-eminence ! He was pre-eminent inacrvico aid suffering, but never ta authority. (Oheers.) . There aro three great and speoial occasIonB recorded in New TcBtarocnt history, in whloh his primacy mUBt have come out, tf he re-a'ly'poKefsed it. ' / . » '" . 1\. When tidings reached Jerusalem that Samari» had received the Gospel, wc might oxpecV the voice of Peter to bo thc» beard govcrning tbe movement. Instead of this, bo acts aa thcfervantofthoApoatolicCollege,togetberwithabrotberapMt.e; " Now. when the Apostles, whloh were at Jerusalem, heard tu»,. Famaria had received ibo Word of-God, they, sent unto them Peter and John." Acta viii. 14. Hero Peter nota at the servant, and not as tho master-, for assuredly tho sender is officially npcrîor to bim th»tirs*nt. J ?. - . - 2\. A great question arose in tho Apostolic Church as to whetb ir the believing Gentiles should be rcociyed into fellowship without circumcision, and obedicnoo genorally to the ceremonial law. In tho great Christinn gathering at Jerusalem, Peter Bpoke with weight andpower; but in noway does'be appear a ro»n of pro eminent authority. He did not convene the Council, »a it i< called; he did not presido over it; be did not Uko its vote ho did not dismifB it ; ho did not send forth the doorce in his own name. .(Cheon.) It any. odo spaker with a, semblance of a'nthoHfy, it was James, whoro address waa' decisive. But io reality no one assumed the place of power. If Petor hadPreUtic authority over hts brethren; it wa« not only unaccountable, bnt, culpable, to hide il as be did. No popo or president would now so pathis candle rçnder a bushol. No archbishop, .or oo»djator archbishop would eo forget himBt-lf among his clergy. (Cheers.) ;, Again, at Antioch there was a notable ocoasion on which tho primatlb authority of Peter «houtd h'aveíome forth, lt was eon neoted with the administration of tho dcorces'that Peter, hid helped to poss at JernjaUmV admitting the Gentiles to fellowship without ceremonial,.observances. Paul relates it : "But when Peter waa come,' to'. Antioch I . with- stood him to tho face, because- he was -to bo blamed, -forbetöre that'eertain came from James M.didioot withthe'Ceatiles; but w'hotfthey: wera'comè. be. withdrew and separated himself, fearing them whioh were pf tho olropmoisiou. And the other Jews dissembled likewise, with him, insomuch that, BBrnnb»a also was oarricd away with their 'dissimulation.; But, wbeiil saw that they walked not uprightly according tb the truth of thc Gospel. I said unto Peter before them all,-if thou boing a Jew hvCBt after the manner of'the Gentiles, and not as do. the Jews, why compellest thou tho Gentiles to live aa do the Jews ¡ " fte. Gau ri, ll, lo iterer it ,i9ic»ident, Peter, yielded to .hr natnral failings. ' In fact hlsiuconBistenoy in a matter, on -^Wch he bud a short time before spoken.'BO nobly,-is almoet as wonderful SB his rebuke after the,great oonfesslon.'or hls denial of JCBUS after, avowal of bis resdlnws to die with Him. Roman Catholic'wrlters'laud Peter's' humitityi-tn taking this rebuke with-ku'eh, lowliness,- and in showing that no rancour to iii. 15' and 16. We can admiré this beautiful humbleness of Iraind in St. Potcr ; but whore is his prominence for authority, Uñatead of commanding; he shrinks.abashed; instead ot assorting primacy, be take« a Very second plano; nor doesjPaal.Uiakc any apology for rebuking Jhe inconsistency of tho so- called Priuco.ot the Apostles. (Cheers.) ? Some ,)iavo trlod to screen Peter's primacy and eonsfsten'oy^by supposing it was nnoMtr Peter who was thus rebuked and humbled; ' (Laughter;) But.the whole context shows euch an effort tobe a»«ntenable as it is futile and insincere. ' ....-??'.. .... La»t!y,on this point : .ïetbr wrote .two epistles to the Chumbo» of Asia Minor. In cithor ol jtheee, do we ellseover a trace br t.* supposed supremacy ! Had he beenTrinoo of- the Apostles, the Vicar of Christ, and Popo of all the 6aints, it' is really inconceiv- able,by,reason and common' sensB, that his authority would nit have towered overor'oropped ont somewhere-in theio epistles. Butj-oad them from tho salutation to the olose; and where-is there one trace of tho primacy of Peter., lt is conspicuous by utter absence; even .in the . passages whoro it would havo naturally come in. (Cheers.) Imagine'an encyclical letter'of PÍU3 IX without a reminder of his high. authority ns Vioar ot Christ and head bf Christendom ! Peter salutes simply as " Simon Peter, »n ' apostle of JeBus CbriBt," 'and '? BilutcB, "thos who hnvei'c-bteined. like.-' preoious faith; with himself " ne addresses ciders, but speaks not as a prelate bat as a . co-clde.' -"Iwho am also ari alder "-and reminds thom that'they arr ' not lords "ever God's. heritage" but ensamplos to the- flock." 1 Peter, ,v. 3, 3, .Tho weightiest exhortations ih his epistles ure to hnmility. and if thete be-the Metters of the firstPope, would'to God that all his so-called Buooesiors. had been as opposed tu worldly pomp and ecclesiastical, lordship, aa ho was, and had written such' letters as he .wrote. 'What a different style 6f litera- ture would tho Pspal decretals, and Balli, and Allocations, and encyclicals be ! (jxra.d cheers.). ,' ". - '" 3\. Supposing that Potier, had never assumed the primacy said to .be.eonforred offhim (which ls really' Inconceivable on-all right grounds), iB it possible/bis brother Apostles and the early Ctaurch wonld not have in some way recognised his position aa vioar ot Christ t They who in honour : preferred one another, and were most sensitive to the will of their Lord, would they have syste- matically ignored Peter's primacy and the authority of Christ iii conferring it 1 Most assuredly not, Beeing it was so important to thc Church,if trnc, and that they had BO many opportnnitlea of ase er tic g bis ApoBtolio supremacy. (Cheers.) But who cm bring us 'from . tho whole Now Testament one ciosr instance of the recognition, of Peter's supremaoy by his, fellow apostles'or fellow Christians. (Cheers.) Evorywhorc, with few cxceptio'nsvbIs personal Influence and powerful ministry aro acknowledged and honoured; but nowhere bis official superiority. (Hear; bear.) Heis olten foremost in word and action,aa any man of great zeal and strength Is euro to be among his ofllc'ul eqnsls; bnt.be is never recognised aa having a higher kind or degree of authority, than the otter apoBtles of the. Lord (Cheers.) '".'... When James »peak's of him in the deliberative assembly, lie pays :-" Simeon hath declared unto us, &c.;" Ho does not suv Peter our President, nur Prince, or theVtéarof the Lord; bn »imply-"Minnon hath deolered ;" and while he acknowledges the weight of his. argument attaches na superior authority to the man. Pani ranks him with other apostles without any note of supe- riority, in tact plsc. s hi» .name after that of James :-" And when James, Cephas, and John, who seemed to bo pillars perceived-thc grace that was given unto ino1 Urey gave to me and Barnabas thu right band of fellowship that we should go unto the gentiles and they unto tho circumcision."-Gab ii. 9.. Paul, who received hiseom mission direct from . Christ,. did not recognise any primacy ia Peter. When rebuking the Church at Corinth for comparing the rank.nnd claims of ministers, and Baying, " 1 am of Paul, anti I of > Apollos, end I of Cephas; and I of Christ," he does nottell'them tha*. Peter is apostolic primate, but, glorifying Christ, .places all the servants«n a level,' exoopt as grace and ditigenoo.mada them to differ, (iee 1 Cor. iii. C, 22.) He often mentions, Peter, bm never asa supetior. He, in,fact, asserts his equality with bim "I laboured mere abundantly than they all." " For I suppose I - was not a whit behind the very chiefest apostles."-t Cor. xv: lo -, . 2 Cor. xl. 5. He, as an'equal, rebuked Peter, and made ii i apology as- taking liberty with a superior. (Oheers.) In hts Epistle to the Romans, where Peter is represented by tradi- tion as having, been nearly twenty-five year» bishop, Paul make« no reference either to his presence or supremacy. Neither doon John tn h¡B three Epistles, nor does James or Jude. The supremacy of Peter, as Prince of the Apostles, was ' a thing unnoticed by h'.i Master, unknown, to-himself,- unrecognised by apostles, or apos- tolic Churches, and the birth of long- subtequcnt tradition. It is not in tho Word of God. With ona author who has thoroughly inveetigated.the subjeot, we may say This interpretation (o':: Matti, xvi.) waa certainly unknown to the apostle himself, and to ,the flret three centuries of the Chtiatisn Church. It was nerc adtnlttcd by any of the Churches that' speak the language ot the New Testament; and it has been rejected in every age by-the great majority of Christians." ("Rome,' . from, the lace of the Western Empire," pp. 67, -Trevor) Why then should we be required . accept tbe primacy of Peter as an, article of faith. suppose our Victorian neighbours should, on behalf of their Governor, ae-ert supremacy and . vice-regency over all colonial Governors and, colonists. . What should we demand to authenticate this monstrous claim? First, her Majesty's letters -patent, with- unmistakable sign and seal. This would be required to make their excellencies, the other governor.-, acknowledge bis primacy. Suppose we humble'subjects caw thu', their excellencies m no way recognisedliis supcr-cxoellency ; but in every way, by word and act, treated him as an equal,- one of them withstood him to the face. Suppose, besides, he himself never assumed tho titlo to or olaimed the authority that others claimed for bim, but rather renounced them ; then what should we say of the ambitions colony, that trumpeted up and reiterated bis claims ? We should call it Injustice to him they falsely honoured, injustice to our Sovereign, tho fountain of honour, ano utter unfairness to us, all her Majesty's liege subjBOts. (Cheers.) We should say wo greatly suspect you ambitious Vic- torians want'. to exalt youiae'.ves ovor us .all, and that it is love, of pto- eminence for yourselves that makei'.you, claim primacyand princedom for your really .unambitious and excel- lent Governor, You may orv up your claims louder and louder ; but we know better than to.bolievo'without proof, orthanto yield to high pretensions unsuBtoined by authority. We hear your assertions, but we Wait for the next mail except you can bring a telegram from her Majesty direct. (Cheers and laughter.) Certainly wo shaU have to get another Bible before we can be- lieve St. Peter waB a princeor a prelato, and exorcised "authority or dominion " over Paul and James and John; »nd wo must have proofs as olearas those that authenticated Peter's 1 «Dostolio mission before wo can believe that he left at Rome or Autiooh or Alexandria a eucceasor olther with hts apostolic power«, or with unspeakab'y higher pDwcrs than he ever, claimed. (Cheers.) LsBtly, let us briefly consider 86. Peter's place In the Churoh as miercpresintc.1 by human tradition. Wo havo examined at some length divine traditions,!, e., inspired and written tradi- tions, concerning this Apostle; to these etand in wonderful contrast both .the written and oral traditions of the Churoh of Eome. I need not tell you that in the Church of Rome the Pono : 1Brepresented as St. Peter's suooeesor, inheriting »ll andmore th»n all lils powers. Homo is the apostolic ece, and mother and mistress of all churches ; because, there i» St. Peter's choir and-, representative, and to dissent from the modern St. Peter ls heresy »nd Eohiam. St. Peter ia Home's great name. With his claims' parish priests compel the obedience of refractory flocks «« with a red-net to say club-of ghostly power, under his supposed »athority the Pope convoaca! Œcumenical Councils of facile bishops, and proclaims now dogmas . and lastly, his own personal and official infallibility as st. Peter's successor, and Vicar of Christ. In tho name of Peter the Pope appoints officers throughout Christendom who use learning, talent, social status, the sanctions of religion, and the splendours of ecclesiastical dress and rltual to secure obedience to tho Pope' of Rome as tho Infallible occupant ot St. Peter's chair. Now we do not Ignore the good, as well as the evil, that the Roman Bishop' and Church have done in the history of the world; but we venture' to say that the Pope's claims on the grounds of St. Peter's suurc-1 macy, and the Pope's poiition as his lucceasor, are without ant' valid bailB in the Word ol God. (Cheers.) They rest on a s«lf.ln-! tereited, delusive tradition, and on human ignorance and credulity ' Whoever would wish to see this proven by Scrlpture. Issrnlns-'1 and logic, may see it, in Dr. Isaac, Barrow's " Treatise on the' Pope's Supremacy.» A work that, quotes the very -words of all' its authorities, and never has - been refuted. Whoever would' trace the gradual development''of Rome's ecclesiastical usurpa *ibt?r.y,«'iÄ^'7, and-solidly in «Korne .ndiupipab «?1er«.!' A history -of «Ightaca. oe muries, by. Bar. Owns' Trevor, H.A., Canon of York. Tract Society. JT ,gl We sll ki»w something of how reports, e»Me¡»llf'marvellous jeiwrU, or reportethat.people wish toke true, gather aitney a* The loud words heard in house No. 1 in a street ternas the , murder of Mid.'Talkative' by her boisterous-husband- befoW thé rumour reaches No. 9D. Something as blaok as a oro* becomes " threc'black crowe," when tho Btory. has' received.tho comments and additions of balf-a- dosien narrators. (Laughter.) Traditionary titles aro deemed insecure, in. law, and traditionary legends do.not pasa as history. This is just as trna ot tradition. In ecclesiastical as in .civil affairs,. and, no points in Church1 , history Irnor than to St. Peter's episcopate in Rome, and -the eon-' tcquent supremacy of the Roman eec. Even while Bte. Peter and '< Je.hn were alive, a word uttered by Je»us concerning the latter, ; was BO dietortcd by tradition that bo had to write an appendix hie Gospel to assure the Churches that Jesus neither said nor ., meontwhatthey thought he did in regard to the death of the)'' disciple whom JCBUS loved. (See John xxl.) Now if that were . so in tho short space of half a century, to what heights of floiion might we not 'expcot tradition to spring- in cigh cen'. centuries, or oven in one-sixth o! that time! (Cheers.) Traditions concerning Peter's supremacy and occupanoy of the , floman see weeo so desirable to justify its growing ambition that,, hey grew last, for their roots strnck into a deep luxuriant soil.;1 Modern criticism has brought these traditions to its tests, and crucibles, and tho genuine historic residuum is astonlshly meagre. From the sacred Scriptures we hear nothing of St. Peter ever visiting Rome. Jerome's tradition that he occupied that see for , twenty-five years, from A.n. 42 to 68, may be regarded as entirely.. fabulous; for in the first place it contradicts tho agreement made ; at the Council of Jerusalem- that Peter should work among the Jews. ' (Gal. IL' 9. Compare Rom: i. la;-where the Roman s "Christians are classed among Gentile Churches.) Secondly, ; it ie inconsistent with the first epistle of 8t. Petsc (whioh from ilntcrnal evidenoc cannot havo been written so carly »j An. 43), .where wo find St. Peter labouring in Mesopotamia; thirdly, it Ia negatived by tho silenco of all Bt. Paul's epistles written at 'Rome " " Life of Paul," Conyboare and Howson, vol. 2, app, rt;..: We know from 2 Tim. iv. lt., that Peter could not have beenr with Paul Beven months in tho Mammertine prison as Baronías; '(Conybearo and Howson., vol. ii. p. 671, note 4) state;'for Paul Expressiv states, " Only Luke ls with me " We know Paul,spent f years at Rome, and in all probability died there; but in all,hi», epistles, written there to the Ephesians, Philippians, Coloss;ani,; ¡ Philemon, and two to Timothy, bo never allndeB to Peter ; but.. uses expressions which absolutely prove he was not there. He was likely to be whero he. Was more needed, where multitude» ol Jews were scattered in colonies over Babylonia, Pontus, - Galat'V,-l Cnppadocla, Asia, and Bythlnia-t Pet. i. 13. .-. -""I -. li Professor W: L. Alexander (Kitto Bib. Cyc Art. Peter), judi oioutlv cums up what is trustworthy in tbe traditions concerning, Peter :-" The t esult seem6 to bc. that wbi st lt ii admitted aa cer- tain that Peter suffered martyrdom, in'oll probsblllcyby'-crtíei" Axion, and a» probaole that it took place at Rome, lt has nSvertW tbelesB been made pretty olear that he never wa« for any length bl time resident in that city, and morally certain that he never weavj bishop of tbC'Church there." .,; It io curious and instructivo lo mark tho growth of a traditio.»,, from- age to ago, and see how ingenuity and fancy add to a email nucleus of historic truth; till the farther men get from'the-! Bourses cf cvidsnce thc moro they draw on surmise and i-naglna»" lion; Then,-to give strong semblance of certainty spécifia détaillerai added, Breciflcas thosoln Dante's Inferno or Mllton'B Paradise Lort,; (Cheers.) Most persone never think of Investigating ^e historio evidences of, what is handed down with such mibutcnesB and, assertion from age to age. Thus generations walk in ctch other'8' track without «»king why or wherefore !, Bo hás'it been with thev supremacy bf Peter1, bia episcopate and martyrdom ' at Rome, «nd the bequest of nie powers to the Roman See. Our.Lord'.prediotedV Peter's martyrdom. John xxl. 18. Clement of home, in the close of the first century, simply wrote to the Corinthians ; that Peter " having bora« testimony or eafferéd martyrdom, went to his de- served placo of glory." About A D. HO, Dionysius-of Corinth added that, Peter and Paul were tho founders'of tho'Corian thian and Roman' ' Churches ; 'that theyj taught ,in Rome - together, and. suffered martyrdom: "aboat .th» same time." About, thirty i ye»rs after that, about A.D. 200, tb« .Roman, presbyter-Caius added that. Peter suffered martyrdom in the Vatican, and that bis tomb wa« there.,', (If.Vis not lib ely he would be buried there, in Nero's circus "and among his g«ds, except, as Nardin! supposes, Nero WM ooh verted fdt that purpose.-(" Rome from the Fall," pp. 64, 65, note 3.). (Laógnt$,.')r "Tcrtulllsn (A.B. 200), who. is the, first to mention Peter'»: crucifixion, says simply,-'Petra's passion!, dominic» adrcque batur ; Î whioh would 'rather lead to the conclusion.that hë waa orncifledln the.usual way, n»;onr Lord wss.V , IKit^'Bib .Cyij. : Petrus.) Then Origen'folrca A.B. 230) added that he was, .','im- paled hythe head," or.." fastened on a croes by the head.'J,,3Chei» in A D. 380. Jerome gave the minute particulars i-r-'i AfBxtis Wael martytis .corónalas cBt.espite nd torram verso et in 'sdbllma, pedibuB - elevatls, «eserens se iudighiim, qui ,sio cruolfigsrotur ut dominai , suns. .Affixed to the ' martyr's Across ',fsm received, bis crown; He waa cruoined with his ...head turned towards the earth and bis feet raised In the'air, assorting ' that be waa not-worthy tobe crucified a« his Lord had been.'' These were, prolific, germs, to «e, cultivated by. martyrblowsts. Even sober-minded pious men accepted the statements without question, as multitudes still .do. .Jerome bad, at. a' distance ol Berne ibree centuries,. represented Fetor (without any given, authority) ES having been .'Bishop. of Rome twenty-five years; The .Roman. Annals, on... equal authority of, fancy,1'dre more minute," and give : Peter's Fopcdom as lasting twenty four years five months and ten days. (Cheers.) And thc Btandlng' tradition ' at I Borne waa,' that; no suooessor waB ever to attain to tho yeatB of Petor. The present Pope haB, however, considerably exceeded Peter's days.. The modo and years after Jerome. He tellsus in his " Martyrology r ol lorty ievenjnartyrswho .were baptized, by the blessed Apostle Peter while bc wai confined for Beven months with Paul In tho Warn mertine prison. When 1 lately visited, that prison thcy.eolemnlV pointed out to me a deep mark In the . solid wall, against which Fctct'B head had Btrutik, and n spring that spontaneously opened-; ivhtle Paul was presetting tothe two .'Jailors,' that Peter might baptize them. (Laughter.) Their'names were Processus-and Mattinlanus. 'It is not of'.mueh oonseqnonoe that; long,be(ore Peter's days, Plufarch.noticcd that Mammertine spring as exietr lng, when Jugurtha was thrown into tho prison* to be starved'to dcatb,'ii.c 104.' . . '. ""''"'. i Rome has not only written these traditions in books brit embodied them In monuments to make them all tbe more true andimpoeing. Outside tho Porto Ban Paolo.'on tbe Ostian.Road, ia a little chapel to mark the cxaot spot where,tbe two apo»tlos separated op. .their way to martyrdom. Tho very spot where Paul wa« beheaded ls markedly tho Churoh of San Paolo Aile Trè Fontane; forfbere three fountains sprang up, becauso the . severed head af Paul springing up three times struck thc ground. (Laughter.)->.\'Ai talvîan àguas.'ftrtio ab' urb* lapide. ? Abioisto Pauli eaplte iriplici taltu seso uistollente." , (See Aota 8aneu>rnm.) - A noble matron. Lucina, burled St. Paul's body on ? ber own land, by. the OBtian Way, and there now stands thc magnificent Church of dt. Paul without the walle. Tho information concerning Peter'« death and burial arc equally ruinate.lind equally fabulous. - Take one an it sample of all, and indeed it ls a beautiful legend. . St. Peter, for fear of martyrdom, »»B-lo»vlng Rome .by. the Appia* Way; There tho Lord met bim. .Peter knew,b,itu and foll "at hi« feet, crying " Jhmific, quo radii I" (" Lord¡. whither ,! goest thou !" The Lord replied, " I go baok to Romtf to bo crucified.") Peter took the hint, and returned to din for bis Lord.- On that spot is erected.the Church of Domine quo radial Bhd inlit they snow you tbe very stone on which Christ stood aa he spoke, and into which tbo marks of bis feet sank and remain till this day, the source.of much gain. I.deolined to buy a.photograph, of the mark«." (Laughter and cheers.)- . If tho Roman Christians got the' bodies, supposing > thom to> have been both slain at Rome, they would, no doubt have buried them in tho Cbristlnn cemetery'of' the catacomb«;.bat; John Tetzel moved the piety- of hie hearers, in tho days of .Marlin Luther, to build St. Peter's on the Vatican, by tba;eorrowtu|. fact that till thatt shrine waa. built the dishonoured bones, of, toe apostles would be exposed to rain and storm. Under the great Busílicá'bf St. Poler's, beneath the greatest dome In"ihë'world, they are represented BB now resting; with lamps ever' burning around their tomb, and tho unquestioning faith of million« yearn- ing towards lt. (OhcsrB.) It is almost, sad far one to have all tbe obarm of illuhion -rubbed off by history and logic, .'and to see, what wealth and,feeling »re lavished on mere, fiotton. Vet, cn the wholo, these splendid monuments are. for.the present, á remunerative ' investment. They draw travellers'and uphold the prestige of Rome. But truth is stronger than fiotion<.and will certainly last longer. St. Peter's pentecostal work and hla epistles are a grander monument .ia the eye of Heaven than piles of sculptured masonry, eveft were' they tenfold the height ol the Pyramids or 8t. Peter's Basilica; (Cheers.) : Rome's self-exaltlng traditions concerning the primacy and See ot Peter have grown very fast. - Her other, tradition* rooied . in.' thai same - eoll, have ,6een, growing, justas rapidly. Men become familiar with . arrogant "cuaima till .they . first , tolerate, then admit, then . believe' anti defend, and take it ill. that they should be- quMtiened. Even so late as a> hundred years ago tbs. doctrine ot ths Pope's infallibility, as recently promulgated, was indignantly denied .hy- the most learned «ad pious Roman Catholics throughout Christen .dom. It is little overa century »Ince,Eev. -Allan ,butler,.Pro- fessor of Philosophy in Douay College, and afterwards sent as a miisioner to con vee t. tt)a English, published hts renowned '" Lives of the Saints." It was only In A nv 'MU that twenty-eight high Roman Catholic dignitaries ot tb.« Irish Church «othdrised its republication, and recommended it to alt thelr flocks. ; Imtkat work, p. xiv., »re given thc sentiment» of this great »uthqr and divine on the doctrine of the infallibility of the Pope...' He says ; " Mr. Bower having been educated in tho Catholic schools could not but know, that, though some private divines think that the Pope, by the assistance of some special . providence, cannot' err 'in the decisions of faith solemnly published by him. with the mature advice of hie council or of the clergy or divines of, his Church, yet that this is denied by others ; and that toeiaaca»d Bossnet, and many others, «specially .of the school of Sorbonne» have written warmly against that opinion ; and that no Catholic looks upon it as snartlolobr term-of communion.- It is the in- fallibility ct thc whole Church, whether assembled.tin; a Genera'. Council, or' dispersed, over . the. world. Jili whian, they speak in their , controversial disputations. . . But Mr. Bower never found the infallibility of the Pope .in our creed; and knows very well that no such article is proposed by the Church, or required by any one." (Cheers.) So wrote one of tho most popular and pious papal authors of last century, endorsed by all the bishops of "beautiful and -devoted" Catholic Ireland. The last Vatican decree gives flat contradiction to lt all; and makes the.doctrine repudiated "by Bossnet and Butler an.article of faith and' essential, to true Catholicism and salvation. And this doctrine of Papal Infalli- bility is the, logical .outcome of the false ideas.concerning St. Peter's primacy, and the Roman succession fostered for ages, but not fully till now developed in the Roman Catholic Church. This is " the ancient basis" on which Dr.. Vaughan wishes to re- construct the unity of Christendom ; this the great .barrier against, the rising tide of infidelity. It is really "the baseless fabric of a vision." It is a dyke worm eaten by superstition and myth. It has let in' the dark waters of infidelity on France, Italy, and' Spain,' and were England to give up her Bible for the breviary, her Protestant pastors for Jesuit priests, her real epistles of Paul and Peter for the creeds and decretals of Popes, she could not resist the search- ing fires or rising floods of sceptical criticism and philosophy for fifty years to come, (Loud cheers.) I have far more fear of superstition than of free inquiry. The former is more likely to open the flood-gates of infidelity than the latter. Free Inquiry into the nature and grounds of religious truth when guided by a prayerful spirit, never has led, and never will lead men far astray. But let religion, morality, civil duty, and science be universally submitted to the arbitrament of a so-called infallible guide, who from the essential conditions pl his nature must be fallible; and you may:have the history of Galileo repeated in some other scientific explorer. (Cheer«;) Let mo close with this '. At the age of seventy.?'. says Dr. Brewster, in hls Life of Sir Isaac Newton, " on his bended -knees and with his right hand resting on tho holy Evangelists, did this patriarch of. science »vow his present and pist bell«! in the dogmas ot the Kpmlsh church, abandon as false and heretical the doctrine ot thc earth's motion »nd of tho sun'« immobility," add pledge bimsen to . denounce to tho- Inquisition »ny. other person who w»s even, suspected of heresv. He »bjured. oursed . and detested, those eternal and immuuble truths which,.tuo Almighty had permitted him to bo the first to e»tab!l»h/' How sad t Tctso it was in A.D. 1630, under Urban VIII., speaklhglx çathcdr»., So it would be with other thinkers and other truths in 1875 before Pius I.V., if we again'-listened-to » the acbents of Peter" in the sense Dr. Vaughan' desires. ; But of .the intellec- tual world we say, what the indignant outraged Galileo said of tho natural world, when he rose from his oath of abjuration " E pur si muove "-It does move though. ' , , A cordial vote of thanks waa awarded to the reyjep'tarer on tie motion of the Hon. JohnJ?razor| M.L.C., eôoenided by Mr. J. O. Oatley. A vote.of thank* wai« alsoyaocorded to the obadnnan. .. ... f.. . i !.»'.,? V" Da- M JOKon's LioaT-Baowje Cobr*vx^'c>ttI¿»»v^eV8 the general health 1« impaired; and emaciation in mitm,>^tíb. aottoBoa th* tyatan is renoTatXáf¡ .it checks prcgr«sj»lv« emscia . Jftm, restores tb«lyialdiag health, rebhfld». as It ware, the totttr lnc frame, and^brings about a mest remarkable enange in all the vital lunoUons." Sold onljr in capsuled;Imperial aS-plnta. Pints, and Quarts, by alf ehemfiu, thttíS^r'S^.wkatí keepers. Boleeonsipiee», Ansar,Harford, and Oo..TT. Strani. I Lonies, ^Asv, ^ 