UP THE MURRAY. By A. C. Chapter I. DOROTHY'S REVERIE O dear me, how cold it Is! I can see how thick and furry the snowflakes fall, in the dreary twilight, rounding off the left-hand corners of the window panes with white drifts, like bulging cushions; and a bitter east wind is blowing them about, such as we Yarmouth coast-dwellers tremble to hear. Just now—just as the pale day was growing dark—I put on my thick shawl and goloshes, and ran down to the beach, for I had been in the house all day, and I could, not bear it any longer. Theresa was gone to service, as usual. She had asked me to go with her, but (though, of course, the church was big enough for us all) I knew Mr. Brooke would keep her wandering about the streets, to look at the furniture shops, ever so long after- wards, and then I should be de trop. So when I grew tired of waiting for her, and the room began to get dim and loathsome, I made a dash out into the parade and, on to the jetty, to look what was doing out at sea. At the end of the jetty, where the storm signal was hung up, the fishermen were crowded together—a group of broad backs in dark-blue worsted jerseys—from, which I immediately distinguished the gigantic build of Stephen West. "O, Miss Dorothy, whatever did you come here for this time o' night? You'll be blowed to bits, my dear!" exclaimed Stephen, when the wind flapped my wet skirts against his legs. But he showed his appreciation of my enterprising spirit by proudly inviting the attention of his friends to my presence, and then admitting me to a share of the anxiety which had drawn them together at that wild outpost. Sheltered round by their huge bodies, I stood on a heap of sail-cloth and cordage, with the wintry sleet driving over my head and whistling in my ears. And they showed me more black dots on the horizon than I could count, and told me that each one was a shipful of precious lives, hanging literally by a thread. Every sweep of that raging wind might have wrenched a vessel from its dragging anchor, and tossed the poor souls into the surf of that awful breakwater far away. "And, O, miss, we can't do nothing but look on!" said Stephen West, almost grinding his teeth. As we stood there, in the darkening twilight, the sea spray, breaking on the piers beneath us, dashed over their brown nor-westers and browner shoes, and spirting up through the cracks in the floor planks, drenched my legs and petticoats, through sail-cloth and all—for it is high tide to-night. Along the level beach the great breakers were hurrying and thundering, flinging up wide sheets of foam-fringed water, and suck- ing them back with a crunch and a rattle, like an indrawn breath. I lost consciousness of my atom of a life. All sensation was ab- sorbed for the moment in the grandeur and terror of that great solitude of wind and sea. "O, if we could save them—or die with them!" I exclaimed, passionately clasping my hands, as the dark night swallowed up those little black specks on the horizon, one by one. " God have mercy on their poor souls!" responded Stephen, wiping his face with his dripping sleeve. And then I thought how late it was getting, and of what Theresa would say if she came back, and could not find me; and I ran home, crying all the way. But she is not back yet, and I have been sitting on the hearthrug, toasting myself, for nearly half an hour. I can hear the sea, like the sound of thunder in far-away hills and the sound of wind in far-away tree-tops, blended together. The real wind howls round and round the house. The lonely Denes, and the bright, busy streets, and the queer little rows, where poverty and ugli- ness are hidden out of sight, are all searched and swept by its bitter blast, and flaked and clothed with the thick-falling snow. How Theresa and Mr. Brooke can stay out on such a night, from choice, is more than I can understand. I suppose their love keeps the cold out What a contrast of light and colour is all around me as I sit! As the twilight deepens, the delicate snow-crystals shine and twinkle through the window-panes like stars. I wonder if the room is really pretty, or whether we only think so because it is our own, and because it is full of such blessed associations, and because we are so soon to leave it for I ever? There is nothing much in it, after all —a warm scarlet carpet on the floor, and scarlet striped hangings to the windows, and Oxford-framed photographs tilting forward from a silvery-papered wall, on which the fire-flame dances up and down. Perhaps it is the chintz on the sofa and chairs. Every- body admires the chintz, it is so cool, and fresh, and delicate. Theresa chose it, and cut it all out, and made it up with that pretty blue piping. She has such taste, and she is so clever. And there is a large curly white mat spread far and wide before the hearth (with a bald spot in it where poor dear daddy used to put his feet), and an opossum rug under Theresa's piano in the corner which Patty sent from Australia last year. And just now the round table in the centre of the room is covered with a white cloth, and a tea pot, and cups and saucers, and the ordinary apparatus for our homely evening meal. The general effect, to me, is exquisitely har- monious, yet there is nothing in detail either beautiful or uncommon. O yes, there is one thing—I forgot that—the little miniature on the chimney-piece. It is a wonder how it can be beautiful with that monstrous comb and those preposterous leg-of-mutton sleeves; and I never saw her sweet grave mouth smirking like that. But ft is just like her as a girl, and she was beautiful, so poor daddy used to say, and he ought to know, for he married her before she was 18; and when people tell me I am growing up like her, I feel as vain as can be, though I know it is an impossibility. Yes; it was a very distin- guished artist who painted that, and he was fully impressed with the significance of her delicate face, as every one else was. She had no specially remarkable point about her, though, and so she was never consciously regarded in the light of a beauty, except by her husband and children; but, like this room, in which she used to sit, in a far higher degree, she was perfectly harmonious —an embodiment of womanly refinement to all who looked upon her. The firelight plays on our precious picture now, and that usually deceptive illumination does it but strict daylight justice The grave hazel-grey eyes that took all kinds of strange expres- sions with the varying emotions of her sen- sitive organisation; the calm, wide brows, so clearly indicative of brains; the fine-cut little mouth, quite as clearly indicative of gentle blood, and the tender outlines about the throat and chin, all these are expressed in the pale-coloured portrait, and they were ber sweet characteristics as long as she lived. She left off wearing her hair in that hideous fashion before we were born. I re- member it now. How pretty it was to the last, soft and brown, with dashes of gold in it, and of the finest possible quality—braided in coils about her head with a classic simplicity, as artistic as it was (at that time) uncommon. She wore a little cap for several years, but she never wanted it in the least. Dear, dear mother! "Little mother" we used to call her, she was so tiny and so light. She was not nearly as tall as Patty's shoulder, and I have seen Patty lift her up and carry her over a muddy place, when we were out walking, as if she had been a baby. It was delightful to see those two together—Patty with her head up and her full chest expand- ing wlth the dignity of her position as the little mother's protector, stepping along like a princess; little mother, in her soft furs and cashmeres, proud as she could be of her abject dependence, clinging to her big daughter's arm. How she loved Patty, to be sure! She was her first-born, her eldest daughter, older than Theresa (who came next by nearly nine years. While we were little babies Patty was her companion - all the more dearly a companion because daddy was always so wrapped up in his scientific studies that he had hardly time to speak to her. Indeed, I often wonder over daddy's courtship, bow he ever gave himself to so commonplace a pursuit as love-making. I used to ask little mother about it sometimes, but she never liked such quest- ions, and used to look wistful and sad, as if they troubled her. I got an idea that she had been a little disappointed — that the great, full heart in her tiny body had been chilled and checked somehow, and was why she made such an idol of Patty, her first-born. She loved us all, bless her! but Theresa and I were always the "little ones;" we never had the chance of being to her what Patty was, for we were but school girls when she died. I remember well how Patty used to wash our hands and faces for dinner, and curl our hair when we went to bed, and teach us our letters and pot- hooks, and our scales and exercises on the piano, before Heriot Gordon came courting her. Daddy had not conceived that great idea of Female Education! in those days. Patty had grown up refined and accom- plished under the little mother's care, able to sing and play sweetly from her heart, to sew exquisitely, to keep house carefully and thriftily, and to teach her little sisters; but she never learned the Greek alphabet, nor solved a problem in Euclid in her life. And when Heriot Gordon began to hang about the house, she was quite free to go when she wished to keep him company. Dear little mother, who knew all about it from the first moment, not only refrained from putting obstacles in their way, but would teach us and see to the housekeeping to let them have their walks on the beach, and their rambles in the garden, and their talks in the bay window undisturbed. I don't think they ever knew it, but we did—Theresa and I. It was our great amusement in those days to compare observations on the pro- ceedings of Patty and Heriot, and, young as we were, I believe we knew almost as much of their love affairs as they did themselves. I remember perfectly well the state of wild excitement into which we were thrown by the arrival of Heriot's proposal. We seemed to smell it through the envelope as soon as we touched it, by some extraordinary in- stinct. Herod Shaw brought it to the house, and gave it to me to deliver, and I am sure even he seemed to have some notion of the purport of the letter, judging from his face, though, of course, nobody could have told him. (Herod was Heriot's young servant, the son of his old nurse. He received his unfortu- nate appellation in consequence of his mother being unable to read or write. When she wished her son to bear the name of her be- loved young master, she gave it him with the popular pronunciation of the servant's hall and the curate who baptised him, not com- prehending the state of the case, after a mild but ineffectual remonstrance, rendered the mistake irrevocable). I seized the letter greedily and rushed to find Theresa. The two of us were standing at the foot of the staircase, poring over the superscription, like the inquisitive little monkeys we were, when suddenly Patty came sailing down upon as, and carried it off like a whirlwind. Her face was crimson and her eyes flashing. She knew what was in the letter, without opening it. Theresa and I slunk away into the nursery, and stood by the window, whispering, till the tea-bell rang. And when we looked at Patty's face again it was pale, but ruffled with quick emotions, which she tried to repress, but could not. And little mother's eyes were red, and her sweet mouth twitching at the corners; and daddy was disturbed out of his ordinary dense abstraction in the most remarkable way. "Bless me ! bless me!" he kept exclaiming with a heavy sigh, between his mouthfuls of bread and butter; and the unwonted sound so startled us that we jumped in our chairs. In the evening Heriot came after we were gone to bed, and he stayed later than he had ever done before. We stole to the window when we heard the front door open—for our excite- ment would not let us sleep—and we saw him and Patty saunter down the garden path in the moonlight, hand in hand, and at the gate he put his arm round her and kissed her. By and bye there was the wedding, and Theresa and I were bridesmaids. And then we used to have delightful visits to the pretty house in Gorleston, which old Mr. Gordon had bought for them after they returned from their Rhine tour. Such an exquisite little model house I never saw! Patty was such a dainty housekeeper. But we became very lonely without her at home. Mother used to roam about from room to room, in her noiseless slippers, like a ghost, as if she were looking for something she had lost; and I know she never was so well and strong after her dear prop was taken from her. When Patty and Heriot sold off and went to Australia I thought she would have broken her heart. Patty did not want to go so far away, but, of course, she had to do what her husband thought best, and it was a very good thing for Heriot. He was too fine a fellow to sit down in a country town and vege- tate on his income; and he would never have found an occupation in England so con- genial to him as his beloved station work. Patty's servant at Gorleston married Herod Shaw, and the four of them went out to- gether—let's see, it will be seven years ago next March. Poor, poor little mother! It breaks my heart to think how she pined away in those solitary years. Daddy began to teach us after Patty left, and we had not leisure from those weary lessons to afford her any com- fort of companionship, if we had been other- wise able. The incoming and outgoing of the mails were the great events of her life. How restless she was when the letters were drawing near, and how she devoured them when they did come, amplifying so in- geniously in her loving imagination every scrap of information regarding Patty! And then she tired her dear eyes over fine stitching and embroidery for Patty's babies. Every month some of her beautiful work went through the post to those unconscious little creatures; and Patty used to send back photographs of them wearing it, which she would look at and cry over by the hour: By degrees—such slow degrees that we hardly perceived it—she became weak and delicate, as if some vital part of her was gone. Tiny as she was, she seemed to grow smaller and smaller. The cold shrivelled her up, the heat prostrated her strength, and her sweet face and her pretty hair faded and fell away. I don't think I noticed how very changed she was, until one day a letter came from Patty, telling us they were planning a visit to England for the ensuing year; and then she suddenly became like her old self, and as- tonished us. She began to trot about the house, to arrange and re-arrange bedrooms and nurseries, to have carpets taken up, and hangings taken down, and all sorts of painting and paperhanging set on foot; and we found then how sad and silent she had been, and why. Ah, poor dear! She enjoyed her loving preparations for a few months, and then all was done, and she had to wait and her heart sank under the suspense. And then there came a letter from Heriot, to say he had changed his plans, as some improve- ments were to be made at the station which he must personally superintend, and that they had postponed their trip to England for another year or two. I see her face now as she read it, and how the paper shook and rustled in her slender little hands. She never got over it. From that hour was lost. "Nor greatly cared to lose her hold on life." Before the year was out she was gone, and there was only daddy and Theresa and I left. Daddy comforted himself by plunging deeper and deeper into his beloved sciences, and he tried to drag Theresa and me with him. O, those weary books! How our heads and hearts ached over them, and how disappointed he was that we could not learn better and faster. "If you were but boys" he used to exclaim pettishly, two or three times a day. And we used to wish we were, if, by being boys, we could have had tougher brains for that tough work. Theresa did very fairly ; she always had an aptitude for figures, and liked them. But those wide caldilations puzzled me out of my wits. I never could calculate in daddy's fashion, and the more I tried, the more I lost myself; and he never could understand that it was my misfortune and not my fault. It was not for want of trying anyhow, I used to strive and strain to grasp the clue that I always had, in some dim way, flying and fluttering amid a brainful of rapid thoughts, until I did not know where I was, or even what I was trying to do. Daddy would look at me in his severe way, and frighten me, and my head would throb and ache, and I would begin to think of poor little mother gone, and nobody to see and feel for my troubles and difficulties, and then I was so miserable! I often think all that abortive labour and head- ache weakened my nervous system, and accounts for a great deal that Dr. Scott thinks wrong in my constitution now. When he used to see me sometimes over my difficult studies, he used to my to daddy, "Ah, Mr. Gray, you are driving the little brain too hard!" But daddy used to smile in his benignant, superior way, and invariably answer, " I don't think Dolly's brain will ever give her trouble, Dr. Scott." Poor daddy, he used to think me so stupid, and so I was. Yet I often imagined, if he had taught me other things, I should have learned fast enough. O what dreams and beautiful thoughts I had, when I was left to myself! What a great deal I used to see in some directions where even he could see nothing! What a divine illumination would come into. my lonely life at times, at the touch of a poem, an anthem, or a picture, to wake up inner forces of whose existence he had no conception. Dear, dear, daddy! There stands his empty chair, and he only left it empty a few months ago, and I am casting blame on his memory! He did for the best, and it cost him unspeakable time and trouble. He must have loved us dearly, in his silent fashion, or he would never have worked so hard and so patiently, against so much discouragement, to improve us. How clever he was! When he had that dreadful fit of apoplexy, which took him from us so suddenly, there were not only long paragraphs in the Yarmouth papers, but there was a notice in The Times, with an account of his old honours at Oxford, and of all the books and treatises he had written; and we were prouder of that than if he had left us a fortune. He did not leave us much in that way; he was alwavs above caring about money. When we had paid all debts, and paid for the beautiful monument we put over his and little mother's graves, we only had £700 to our own; and the furniture, when it is sold, will not bring us more than £300 more. But we don't mind that. We have not been left to our own resources. Patty and Heriot wrote last mail that I was to come out to live with them; and Mr. Brooke, though he is only a curate, has a little income that Theresa's management will eke out, and he gave her no rest till she fixed a day for marrying him. I dare not think of the parting with Theresa. We have been together all our lives, and I don't know how I can get on without her. I suppose she will not mind it so much, with Mr. Brooke to fill my and everybody's place. I know she did not feel daddy's death half as much as I did, because he used to come every day to comfort her, and kiss her, and call her his dear child, and let her have his shoulder to cry upon. I was glad of it, for her sake, and yet I used to be annoyed with him for not leaving us to ourselves. I wish they would come home! That is, I wish Theresa would come. It is getting so dark, and the wind howls so! I am ashamed of myself for being afraid to be alone in the night time, but it must be because I am not well. I used to be as brave as Patty once, and loved solitude more than she ever did, for it was then that all my beautiful thoughts and fancies came to me. But now—I don't know how it is—my thoughts and fancies get strange possession of me, instead of my having pos- session of them. I used to spread them out before me, as it were, and use them, as you would use colours, to paint beautiful pic- tures with upon the pale bare canvas of my commonplace life. I used to sit in the dark by this very window, searching into the veiled distance, with eager eyes and panting heart, and the fingers of my clasped hands pressing the warn palms together in a fer- vour of dumb, incoherent aspiration—pain- fully and passionately happy. But now, when night comes, I creep away from the window in fear of something that will come in, and I shrink from solitude with a vague terror of what I might find in it, which I can as little describe as account for. Instead of flinging wide the doors of my imagination, as was once my natural instinct, I hurry to curtain it in anyhow with a stupid, prosy book, or the house-keeping accounts, or calculations respecting the quality and cost of the furniture for Theresa's new house—always with the nervous consciousness that I shall leave a crack somewhere, after all, and that the vague "something" I dread will pounce in unawares and take possession of me. I wonder why it is? Dr. Scott tells me not to read poetry, and is anxious to hurry me on my sea voyage. Theresa says I have bad dreams and nightmares, because my digestion is out of order. But there is some- thing more than that. Sometimes I wonder if there is any hereditary predisposition to insanity in our family. Theresa says "No," and she was dreadfully angry when I sug- gested it; but if there are no such things as ghosts, and if I see them, of course my brain most be off its balance somehow. She may say I am asleep and having nightmare, but when I was writing to Patty the other night and looked up and saw her standing before me, leaning on the table, and staring at me between the candles as plainly as I ever saw anything in my life, I could not have been asleep. For there was the smear of the wet ink across the paper where I swept my sleeve when I sprang up, screaming, to run to Theresa's room. I should not write a letter in my sleep, I suppose, and I was writing at the very moment I saw Patty. And now I know—I know by the way my heart thumps, and the horrible feeling of being held that; is creeping over me—that if I turn to the window I shall see faces peering in at me; and how can anybody look in at a second-story window when there is no ladder or anything for one to get up by? I have seen them several times. I know the way they flatten their noses against the glass, and the horrible dead sort of stare in their eyes. I told Theresa to look once, but she never sees them. Hark! Is that her step? No; it's those people walking up and down stairs again. We never see anybody when we go to look— neither Theresa nor I; but I hear them walking distinctly, and the doors opening and shutting, and the voices talking in the passages and landings. Theresa would say it was the wind; but In the stillest nights I wake up and listen to them, when there is not another sound, O, how I wish Theresa would come home! 