The k.'sooms io "bo ii, regul'nr qrusadp. "by n portion of tho Homo Pross against tiio iiagoantrio.Siof-, Death. T.lio oxtont to jwhicli" tho "'trappings' tintl tiio suits' of .woo" are -earned1 Mis 'tiooomti :A tax wliich fo>\; pooplo aro nblo .to bear, ana, if ablo, hiiwillingi- jSbine'porsoiis.aro as- partioulnr about -the ; garniturq of a funeral as a wedding, ..simply bocauso custom. is arbitrary.,; i . h-tniiinr.i 1 H II Pive .millions sterling,- on I a modornto ealculation, is tho sum' ! nriinially ox . pen rlnil in Fn'iylnnrl. nnd-.TCnlflS ftlniih on this .-account, : :. Pour,., of ; thoso i. .anay fairly : be I- sot- down-i -ns -squaudorod 'on tbo mere fopperies of death. Suoh a statomen't' candirirdly be mhdb' without fooling strongly 'urged toa sliaro iii' tiio great movemontof funeral. Roforih— ii iquostion,. 'of cburso/' 'niarlcqd' '.clearly, off froni/Miv SBo..H4S,im,js..,plRhv . for moro , quioklyi resolving tho -lifeless.- .remains into: thoir1 original' dust/-. ' J j- There' ' ' is ' ' W' copy ' ' for sohools and; 'ehurclies... .Gaunt qild 'squalid 'pov'ortj'j lioathon ignpr'auco, ; and; wiiat, is. worse,, holf-knojiving. iiifiuelity,' call, , ajbud for' ntm;lpur.ATCUi1iiM...!4o,ne'Q!r .tiiom ' has never yot in one year mot -the de mand of that year's increase,' lot- alone tho accumulation of past years' noglcet. -And here !is'.an''ahnual:'f6ur:"millions-ria profossed offoring. to -domestic pioty and -OJiristinn -docoucv— .which might havo met all tho demands, , oven to over- flowing-rrnot-i-meroly wasted/ ubut ,der; graded to. the1 idlest anil meanest- uses. -This' estimate !dobs not- include tiio1 vain -mafblo; /'tlip'/.'sfone'd' urii-and hiiimat'od bust," .and-, tiio embliizondd. batclihient! or monumental affectation diul. parado! To. what,1 ' ithon, ' does it" go ? .( To ; silk senryes and brass nhils,-' feathers for. -the; horsos, kid gloyes and giii'fo.r the mutes,' white satiii , aud. black' cloth for '.'tho , worms.! And whom,. does it: bohofit ? Not tlioso in whose honor all this pomp is marshalled— not- those, -who - at 'a costly sacrifieo oitbn,' submit to it 'ns a trammel of customs-hot ' tliosel/wlios'o unfeigned sorrow- makes. - callous at tiio momont'to its show,' audi almost- to its niockerj' ; -not tho1 -cold spectator,- who scos its;dull!magnifiqbhce'givo tho palpal bio ' lio, to 'tiio, iprOajdhor'a' . equality, /of death' j-nrbut .to ;tho ; lowest' tof all: iowj hypocrites, the .-lured-. mourner, whose, oiffce' it is a sin to sanction arid on-- courneq . .. . .. ;; There 'is, 'ti' time Tn eypry, family, when' Pno ,1'obni iis the housp ,'o'f . tbp living,; and,, the chamber of the dead, — when words are whispered! low; and' tho! sriiiio-is checkod/ 'aiid' the'1 light "of the 'sun is dnvkoned, and, tiio sternpst, master is mild, and tho most bustling ' servant is Sl-illj iiiJlvl. J1U UUu 1U19 U1U UUU1 1 CO CilOOSQ tho wobd for tlio cofffn, or liagglo about tho jn-ico of . the brond -cloth. Thou, when falso shame, or- true affootion makes us-puppet's iii- the hands of others; a morconary: stranger// G' - i"s . "Liko llio gliohl ofi tlio east, witivi !' Quick scent lor tho dead," undertakes-" tho measure and evi- donco of our grief ; and, by " only what is customai-y " is at once tho arbiter and direetpr'and piiryoyov, of; tiio trripping!s of woe, taking liis own orders, and charging his: 'ou-ii 'prices iabeordiug1 as lio may estimate' the' 'pride -or 4 piety : or" purse of. Lis lielploss omployors, It spoalcs yblumes of tiio,'. iron . grasp, ' with1 .whioh that monster 'custom has clutched lis. hero, ,-that. a , -bill of ;£(10 or. £70 for; funbral. expenses is passed, :as <a ; matter of - course,- -byoia- liiastor 1 in; chtiiio'ery," ,ovori iri aniirisolYpnt./qstito,' ' Yrbm £10 tto £100''fbr ,an .hjipbr ; t'fodesmqp,/'"£25(j'' for a ''g-pu'tlbmdnj/qOO ,'tq"; £1000 for a nobleman. Suoh wns tho ordinary ;metropolj,tan '-"scale" -for ' tho' 'price "of funerals, hinlikejallrotlibi-, prices, in des cending in the scale, and the pons of the living; "the' 'esjariijilb'iof' the -' derid, J rind the general re vfrl t of rnon' s .pomnion sense, jwill- . /loubtlbssly , .cause; . a ,, still further db'scoht. S'ubhiW,ero',"''and it is to bo feared such still are, in many casos; tho' ohargos inridp for;- atteridnneb on the funerals of many- whp" liavb -left ! thpi'r/!"widqw's'';!tipd .prphiiris' d'dstititt'b thoir ,'dobW' unpaid, '''arid' "'jjorhaps 'liavQ' warit'ed. . themselybs the ..comforts, " auli oyen itiie. neee'ssariesi of , a > dyingubed. The family pride,- that turned a 'deaf ear and a .ptqney heayt to the callb of1 living wretch odrioss, 'coriips to tho roscue when tho uhfo'rtu'natp /lias, eqased) from troubling ; nnd gladly .pays, to , tho-. last claim- that, which, ;; if givon- _boforo," might havei inbSjiVnhiontlyirpi'olonged. and incroasod further demands. Poor SmiaiDAN .proyed iiot in'his.deatli .more-- truly tho " f riithf uliioss ot'" liis' summer frionds, tliari he di'd in liis1- fu'iioral, tho holjpw moekqryiof 'postlii nious piirride. ;! and Moonu never struck : a .nobler or'1 nioro iiulopoudent-chordithnn-jWhoji lie BUng—' _ i c.i, w- r-F "How prouil will they (look to tho funeral ; array. n "nvni-.ll > Of. .ona whom thoy !shunned-;iii his slokness/ . llllfi. sorrow i 1, -J Vrl.;-, -,v I-:-. , , -,!l -I Hew.- b«iliffBi inwy . Biozeiihis ilnBt , hliinlcot1 ! i.\ to-day, lC|, ,i,; | IVhoso pall shall ho hold up . by ..nohlos to- j OfitTOM" H'.OO Dili! YO'tf:gRi'/i i IIoBriTAt.— Slato of-tho Hospital, for, thp w'oqk 'ending "'October 'gtlv lS75 j.IlVijmitVed1 |diirihgtho' wook, 8 innlos.V disbhiirgpii, ij-nmlps, jl fomnlp; (lied 'diiring the wook," l' fbmiil'b |(Mnry Cook) ; rbtnrtiriiiig in Hospital, 43 males, i-1 fenmles—tolnl, 47 ; 8 patients in Special Ward. Tuoiiououhhed Stallion. — Wo aro requested to oall attontiou to Mr. Sydnoy Lnmbor's solo this morning, nt his Victoria Snlb Yftrds, of the thorotiglibrcd liorso Stmiloy, wlioso pedigreo ulono ought to rocommond him to breodoi-s. Tueatbe - Royal.— Wo soo tlint Mr. and Mrs Ford tako a benefit on Monday niglit, nt tiio nhovo place, and wo vonturo to say that no two pobplo 'frVbr "ffiorb-Viohly db3brvod"'a""g66a one. They woro tho mainstay nud attriiotiuii during many a long inont-li of tho drama, in face kept it going, doiugTtlio'.wholo of. tho hoavy work. , Thoy ovidently lniyo strong faith in tho Rock hampton puhlio, 'niribrigst wlioiii " thoy havo many .friends, who, wo linvo no doubt, will homo forward bit this oCoasiou, anil londjthpm'n helping hand 'to' iissiit' thiin in tlioir 'liour of nooii. It will bo observed that £1- in coin will bo given -for ;tbq bqstjopiiniulrum (not.M|irtin; . Fortlos), so thoro will bo ii. olinnps for bvqry- .onoj -'I-.-.! j.t ' N0SL;u8.REr93ITS!P,b?'Pu"j'-3 oontitiuo jto , renqh'i'ns'i from, th'oi jflpite.llui'flipqwcit.piirli ;'qf tho' toivn aiiout tho annoyiuioo'tliby nro sub-;, jeot'to from tho odour wafted from .-tlioTund on whioh tho night-soil is deposited. Wo don't soo wbliliow this ban' b b doiilt with', unless tiio' i-ivor' oim' bo utilisod' as' 'a sower ibwor dbwri,' when tho outgoing tido would narry,iiway w.itli it whatcycr.-wns disohfirgod into ft; /but this- of courso lins its objections. Wo Bbould udviso tlint tlibi!ConiibiT!b"o''.pbtitiori'cd'ori Ui6iibntter,: altlioligh wo confess it is byiiiolriienris aril easy tiling-1' t'o deal with.' 'As tiio proVnilin winds aro lonstorly, the qflhivia froin the prcsqnt ptbob of niglitis'oil dcpoVit is blbwn'ovor tbo .enst'erii part of , tho, -town, most: part of .tho year, and must ho Droiudioidl tfivi sonomU 'il>o«UU.t .Thoro can'-bo no' doiibt' 'that tiio jnir down by! .Gvocodilo ' Oi-cok,' in- tho vioinity of .whbrd tho -proposed hridgo is to'bo.plnbed; is vitiated, nnd that many; pooplo i\vho: ridp and: drive blithe, only plaoo wlioro it-is' possiblo to do oithcr with 'any dogrco of comfort, are driven, haok by tho stonoh tluit gi- oets! tlioiii wlion' tlioy' got' bolow 'tho' gas wbi-lcs. Tho matter will yot havo to bo .dealt with, and tho soonortlio hotter. Postal. — Muils for Mhekny; pir Black Swan, -oloso this day— for registered lottovs nt 12 noon, 'rind for ordinary lottors ilt.l p.m. Tho English mail olosos next Wodnosdny, tho 13th instant. i! ! Maoisteihal Enquiry. — Wo understand tlint nn ,onqniryr; will; ho .lield- on Monday 'morning as to tlib bnuso' of .death in Ah Sing's, oaso. Drunkenness. — Ono drunkard was brought beforo tho Polioo Magistrate yestorday -morning; arid pleading guilty,' w'ns fined 10s. or twenty- four hours iu tho look-up. Unlawfully WouNDiNa.—Thomits Tiornoy, lioforo tho court;,ou!', romnrid charged. with tiio .above offonoo, wns dischurgod by tho bouoh, tho . offcuco not being provod. . . ,. AnsooNDiNQ from Hired Servioe. — A South Son Islnndor named Ncumilla was brought bo- .foro tho Polioo Mngistrato . yestorday morning;; ' ohargod iwitli nbsboriding'from tho, service' of! his omployor nt Mnckny. Sorgeant Doylo provod tiio ntTOst of tho prisonor by virtuo of a warrant, arid- nskoil for' a romnntl to Mnolcay, whioh was granted by tho bench accordingly. The Lady Douolas.— Tiio loonl agents of tho bnrqiio L'ndy Douglas — Messrs. R. M. Hnn- ' tor and Co. — inform us that this vossol is fast filling up, only.anqther liundrod hales of wool being neeossnry to" finish lioi-' loading. It is ex pected that sho will now ho ready for son by tho ond cf noxtwook.' ,3\Iorq delny has ocourrcd in oomploting lior' cargo sinco sltel l-bmovoil 1 down tho rivor, in cqnsoquouco of tho difficulty of securing tho nooessary lightorago, and some thing like ton dnys havo boon lost from this eauso already. Thaso doliiys aro vexatious; hut in tho present s'tato of tilings unavoidiihlb. '" ' FREionT per .SnriA.— Tho abovo vessel is now laid on to toko iu oril-go for London, and tho" agonts havo dccirlod t„ „ij„vo.„ j „f „ rn,. lb. less for freight- than lias -boon charged by .the Lady Douglas, ns an inducement to shippers to ooino forward with oiirgo, and socuro quick 1 dospntch for the vossol. From the into at wliieli wool cis expected -to rirrivo "for- thb'nbxt'fqw months, no difficulty is anticipated in filling up l11u yvmoll uuii uu7p(ivvil io iju lbouii tllli hi 'tho ostablislunont of a direct trade with Eag- land;tlmt tho alteration in. -freight -mentioned uhovo'hns'hbcii -decided on in order to secure it. -' The New Punt. — Tiio now wooden punt rnndo 'according i to , thn B'peeificiitioiis propared by Mr. Smith, cngincor of tho gas works, arid ripproved'.by. the Counqit, is now rill hut finished. Two mon havo boon iv'orking at it tlio:last'fivo wecksrrind wo holiovo Havo boon omployod by tho Uounoil- at day work, as tho only tender sent in fur tho work wns eon" sidored to ho top, high, Tho, punt- is'38 foot' long,. and, about pfo'otO'inehos widb, just about lurgo "'enoiigli for a liorqq . and dray, with no thing to spare., ,Tho frnriiowprk of ' .tli'o' print is' all hardwood timbor, oithor iroribark or spotted gum, tho outer planking hoing pina ntid tho floor liai-dvood. Sinqq, tho -planking lias boon on : every", orovieo "liris - been thoroughly caulked .and coaled with pitch, nnd as tho iwioather has .;boon exeeptioiiully 'fiuo' ' w-hilb 'tlio work lins ibcon"-- in1 'hand 'thero is every ronson to hcliovo tlint tho scams , will bp . pprfeotly1 1 tigliW Tho, .lyprk.thryu'ghout 'lias hoori dono with nil oyd to ''strength.' 'rind durability, and no doubt tho now punt will bo muoh moro effioiont for tho,pn.rposp it; has bapn':mado. to- seryoi than ; the clumsy: thing , it lias: superseded,. anil certainly it will he muoli casior handled. ,::i I ; The TbleoiuphuForoeby-' OASE.A-TlioFtriuI of Onrgill and Spanning, for forgery, lias now- oeoupied,thp;SpprgmpiCqnrtJfpjiri(lays,>,nnd;ig not yot concluded.-, Tho.qnsq is uniquo and of cbnsidorablo impo j-taueo, and, tho , investigation , ;has heon 'obnduuted ivitli ' tiio ' utmost ' c'a'rej i Tho' flVst' throb 'diijra : vrovp'Ao voted iio 'th'q talcing of ovidbriee,' m'uoii of it of ri 'soibritiflo ohiiraoter . and ovory fuot linyiug a material hearing was hold up for'oritical examination; arid viowod iu almost every;: pbs'sible' -light. Yestordayiiwus ilovolbd: to addressing tho jury. Mr. Mel bourne, who commoucod on the proceding niglit, spoko for moro' itlihn'-ifour hours ; tho Attornoy-Uenoral's address oooupiod nn hour rind -His Honor; af tor dovotirig'four liours to an? oxhhuHtivo churgo; reserved' tlib rcsi'dup pf his' obsbrvatioiis till' this, "morning.; .'j\viiatoyqr, thcrbfore,- may bb'tllb' issuo of tlib' trial, tl;o bourt wiff ocrtainly./iavo (doiiq , ity A(lnty. Tes?!' day afternoon, His Honor : spoko in; highly complimentary terms of -Mr. I Langloy' and liis assistants, obsorving that tliey would' do credit to any soientifio stiiff,1'' On -orio point'1 only ho took oxooption. In ropcatiiig mcss'ogos hero tho tqpo is stopped, w.hilo at' Bbwpri'ifc is allowod, to rifil'anil'His Honor, sii'itl lio/dccidcdly pi'0" forrcd 'tlio/Bowon/ usago. This. liowovei-; lirid iiothiSgr' o'dowith" IhO/Zpffioiorioy "" or3 boiiiiiiifib> riltainmons qf.< ,tfiq Rqpkhampton oflloials,- pf whoto .tho Judge, spbko?, in. tlib' most -favorablq' tormS.'-ilD balnul-..' -'> ' I :m--i i ni: i . Nqi'ioE.Tp rivbid butaneous'riiseaso8,.'rna)c'o Profp'op/ Rtipoc,' jwhqq, link, „opid; plririgq,!,n'pd!, siibwey' bi>h3,i! iScq.,. oan i bp i.obtoiiiod— tlio iigroatostii luxury and promoter of- health!— Advt. i A BAREPApEn"b"nD most impndorit r'obboribs. tluit lmvo beori committed for n long timo (roports tho " Horsham Times) was porpotrntod on tha Horsham raoocourso at tho rcoout mooting. A limn npparontly a gontloman, splendidly .mounted; rodo up to Mr. Ellis, llio aale- kcopor. niid presented a £6 unto wherewith to. pay tho oniranco fee. Ellis, whilst _ giving cliaugo, placed tho noto within his lips. Wliou lio had oouutod out tho last shilling in tiio stranger's liniul, tho man snatched awny llio note, put spurs to .hislioi'soti-aud was off. .liko a shot, but not before tho gato-kooper had roorivoil a kiok ill tho stpfiiririji; whieli (lisaldbd him' frbrii! follow ing the scoundrel." Whort ho (lid go in pursuit ,ho cquld Andmp traeOjOf .him. - Tlio .muHand horse mnst lmvo leaped tho fenco, nnd loft tho couyso in that waylriO'.' . : . v.-itipgR Equine. — An old resident of Hobart 'i'own,- wliilo iu Molbonrnb, recently, 'vieitod,. (amongst tho I mnnjr, eelobritios of tho oity|,,tlio Cqrltpn, Browery. IIo was qo.urtcouqly sliojxii.oycr tho ostiihlishmont, 'mVtl trb'ntod to somb bf tiio host I brow. ''Iii tlibblahlbs littriohbd1' to tho" browory lio ioliood ft hundsbm'b (ablet/ 'ini memory of u fiiitiifiil: sorynnt .of , tho proprietor's,, namely, - ,!i Olii Obprii'/ a woli-kriown dxajt ho'rsbl'. ,'Ori Tthoj tablet- \yiiB tlib'1 following; 'irisoyiptibn':; — .Erected in' mbiuory of ' Old' Coppiri,' !di0d'20th ' J ririo, '1 874', 'ril: 0 -50 p.'m.,' agoil 83 yo'at-s." "Bo- 1 ncnth tho inscription aro thrco verses' iii" priiiso' t of llio dcobaSed animal.- ' . Oik tho oritsidb of 1 Old- iGpppiii's stoll-, tho 'toil 'nud' hoofs' bf tho de-1 prirted woi-o affixod,and bononth thorn wns in- ; ,Boribod tho following: — -. D"! Tho liorso that'owned- tliwo lioofs arid toil;,' Drow many a load of Carlton alo ; A ;-j! May .all -wlio draw tho., solf.-satno, tap. pj Bqjjiilf ris good as tlriitbld.chnp."..,.- . . Tho '.old- horso, , , whioh; wns imported jby - Ml' Goorgo. Coppin, was quitoaioolobrity.1. It stood biglitecn hands liigli, and draw -six hogsheads of rilo easily, until a short timo bofore:.. his death., Tho animal wait tweuty-twp yours in -ili<7ui<q,l<>jr„'i'ont> ol , 'tiili ili'lli. .. .-1'-' ' ' ' ' '/A Smart. rerly.-rtlia iindhursl; Weekly. A(fpcrfiWr,volntbsih'o followiug pq'iiiicnl saonp — A brawd.nssbmblqd "at tho'Frbbirin'qons' Hotel on Snt'iirdriy bvonirig oujoyalijbarly'lqgii at the oxpousoof .ono., of tho. 'officers of .llio 'city., A boy ivns boinifi'g along tlicgtrect iri 'a. biiggy ; without having liglits'ris required' -by 'tlib 'city regulations, innil, tho offieor.ftnd;a police constft-" hloTiiiilod him with tho query " whero's your lights.,/' '.'iTbo'.yourigjsteT raplied w-ith A sardquio grlnj' "Nbni- my'jliyei'/ 'rit//|:ho. siiriib nioinerit whipping liis' liorso?1, AkriidSti":thb jobf-'s' rind langhtofiOf the peqplo iii'tliftt'.partiof itho- Mall - tho offioor j limped into tho first cub that cumo , along/ ari.d'gavo' instriletidris lb tho , 'cabby to cnteli up tb'tho iiidividiiiilwliqhudMo'grievqiisly .insulted litniV". ' Ohr info'rriinrit states, that jfiftbr .'proceeding tqICnngnrob FlutUio'chiisb whs jgi von up us u fruitless one," tho horso'iri 'tho bnggy being mora -flcot ;of :foot . thun:, tho oab :hono>; Vtri-y smart tricks aro often reported as' boing played on ofiioors of tho peaoo nud others, ,but such a'vbry'shnrp rotort to suoh 'nri'iriqriify'.ris stilted nhovo is ono thut is very seldom h'ourd, and tho ohngrin.of tho protector oftlio revenuo can very well-ho imagined. c:. i - The New Police , Maoihtr ate. at Cave York. — Tho 'Government 'Gazette of ' Sat urday nn'riorinoos thb lippoiritrnbrit' of Sir. Ilpnry Mujoribanks- Oheator, as Polieo Magistrate at. Somorsot, Gapo York, to ' be an officer of Customs, also harbour master, shipping master, and shipping inspector ut'Port Albany, vice O. D'O. II. Aplin, (lo calised. Tho Government never mado an up- pointmont whioh will bo moro gouornlly accept- ablo.. Mr. Ohostov is tho ."riglit mail .in, tho riglit pliioo at Capo York without .question.' "Ho served for twolvo years ' in 'H.M. Iiidniti Nrivy, whioh ho lef t with tho rank of lioutouant. Hp thon "orimo to' 'Qiieonsland in '1861',"" and oritcrod tho Civil Sorviuo of "this colony in 1800 as' Commissioner for Crown Lands anil Polieo .Magistrate 'for tlto "VVnrrogo distriot. - In -1808, after tho financial orisis, it was decided by tho , -Government, inrordor to eavry out' a system of rigid retronohmout, to disponso. with. Polieo, Mngistratos rind 'Groivn Lands Oqmiriissibn'efs' at tho AVarrago rind spvcral-'othor oiitsido ..ilis- triofs;-niid''Mr.'Oh'e.iiter'ivn8 'theroupon,1' aftbr ' ft! short intorvnl, transferred to .Citpb' Yovk ns Polieo" Mngistrato" and Govorriniorib; rosidnrit. AVhilo thore; his navnl experipnob stood liim in good : stbnd. : Ho i was " tiio - firs t Qu oonslaiidbr who landed in Now Guiiioa, and - his l-oport of his 'visit . to llint'plaoo'in- 1870, which wns- pub! lisncn I" Mm Dri.sbano pnpors, stimulated Onp- tnin -Moresby to.mnico'his ollleml .Me to- JNow: Guinea. AYo 'nro-'henrtily glad -:th'at Mr. Chester has bceriircnppointed -to liis - old post, not only on hiH own.iieoount,' but, in; tho into- .rastsot tho colony. Tho Govorninentiii doing a bimplo not-pfi- justioo to nil, old qivil Bervrint, ' have, at tho sumo time, filled a difficult post in tho host' possible. manner.— afWq/wp/i. , AIisit to a Mine.— A. writer in tho Mei- hoiirno 7/craW relntos nn incidont oMiis mining" experiences in tho following graphic stylo : — I i-bmombbr orioo' going down" tlib'sliiift of tiio Groat Extondod Hpstlrr's Tribute, with . Bob Ciirr, tho mnnugor. It was just wlibri tho' ribii reof which'. 'yielded lialf 'ri million';' ivus dis covered. Aftor seeing tho rpcf,' straakod! ivltli gold, I began lo asoond a porpouVlibulrir laddor 350 foot iu length, I- distinotly 'l-embinbor; oven nt this distant mbinbnt/ rxiy Fonsations as I- asoondod, First, thoro <was' a' 'vigor arid a confidonoo in myself ns I gnily stoppod up tho ladder. Then oumo a slight relaxation of tho musolos, a woarinoss, tempting mo to rost for a whilo. AA'hou I resumoa tiio pnon was slow, tho briskness vanished, I toiled up wonrily. Presently tho light, proceeding from tho shaft bonutod upon mo; a stray sunbeam touched my fuco, and- for. a moment'gavo -mo coin-ago, but it sobri died nwayi./My 'foot began to tromblo„-iny liands.to l-pbix their hold.:, I knoty .what would happen- ;;-I::knp.w- I alibiild bo "dashed to pieces if .I.gavo way : I know I was within a fow'yriTds' of 'thP tbp"but" I did not ,earo., I, felt wholly jiiiriipVpd.iit the prospoot :. all I' thought'' of was tljc toinporary-easo -I should'bhtain -if I lot' go. - - My -hniids appoara'd to be losirig tlioir; liold;! my! foot' to' slip -off tlioi riiri'gs,' arid-' T .sebmod' to 1 full! 'dowmitho- shaft,: wliori: my -lmnds -wero, gruripo'd:raud fmyi-cbni- - pauion's lionrty voieo' said;:, ri Goiho'/.tuko hold;- and don't stop thero whoit-youuro so liour tho" shrift's mouth.1.' i Jtn , a:fov," ,momorits. I .was. In tho -opon -airl of -ihoayon, but.-imy .knees ,riljU: .ti-oftihlad, Imyi'hnnila - 6eouiedi lifeless, ri, my eyor.i sigliti'gonq; iiny'spirit torpid, ,,.I .wouldpiot go'i through that trial ,again:,ovpii to yiaw;u)l tno, gold tukon. ' -iiiiw.il eu V-iii- , | Odd Notes. — I don't want to Bay a word Bail' sdrt' wli'oli . ; you /fbuio , to kno w hirii , .iiifinpfyV'apS'pol oou only -got the bpttqr of, tliat", idiQido'iiqQ,rip0.. hositanoy about'. loxprqssing. a < dooidod , opinion , oii puhlio- qiiCStionB I that 'lio I has ' - thoroughly - niado up' hiB'mirid' upon; :ho ' 'worild' sbbti'.triko1 rank' niribrig'brir ''lending /sfiitesmtri.1;' I sliouli liko to sco liim in snch'ri'jib'sifiori, Bbbririiib'!I;ritn' pnr«iadei)(tlmt wlion _' opc6"hb liad, got rid. of his iaiyltwnrd'Bhyn'esIririd.had'iiclquii-eirnjlittlo solf-'eonftdcnbof,ho'worild iriako Jhis riviiy m'iho' politionl world. If you huvb',ribtibcd,''!vo'ry' olevcr pqoplonro the most inodost and diffidont.- Palmor is a caso iupoirit— so . ant L Nobody pun ostimato what' wo hrivot bb(H Buffered iu conaequoncq, but it ia sumething uonsiilernblo. I don't 1 liltolto .qiiotb -poetry or. I fslionld' Bay that ..ri.a, /pllpw , fopjiug inajfos us wondrous .kind." At'tho srirno tiriio/iriirid-ybuv a 'slbrii nqusp of. pubUp. riluty eomnqls, njo to .say. -tlint Palmpr. 'ns tho lribmbdr fbr port' Curtis, lilts' doi/ib his llrity tp'his pblisiltuprits; 'Ip'.h'ris, nbf, looked af i to r thtilr iiiterestii -iriih j tjirit ''zeiil' tiiril 1 riinglo-mindodnoss which a raprfesohtriti'vb ought ' ,to .munifost.-i AftoKmpking ftvbrylioriBoriablo rillowancp .fpiiiliis baplifulno?.-), ia .tlioi.House, ithcre is no denying.. f:ho fact ,UiAt;-I hoi has; jnllowod,, .thpufiRprafits.. of .his ..cojisti'tuonts to bo' '-saoriflbcd1"iri! tho"1' most ruthloss linnnner to tiio insatinblo greed of Rookliampton 'and BlaojiU.-jvP'liprpIsiio mannqr of xlpubt that jGladsfbrio ia'tho prdpof pdrt'f or Cdritrnl (Juoens.- jlnfid: j" Tltp' Gi-drit Northern Rililivrijri 'ought' 'to1 jliavo'Btorted illland f rom' tliord iiiHtBu'd' of fibm' |Roelchampton. Bnt ris tlliis Wnri omit'tddriritho; i first inatanpo, tho oonnootiug link ought to havo ibooii'sitpijlibd' aB tiio1 barliCsbSio'sBlblo' ditto n'llt jwas'tlio spbolal1 "duty of -ili'o lriidmb'dr'fbi-lthh't' : olootornto to soo that this wns donoJ->>Palmor' -utterly noglcotod this duty. Ho was Proinior at tho timo tho Greut Nortliorn Railway Exten- sion was proposod and oarricd, nud; ho allowod it to ho oxtonded in tho diroation of Clermont and Copporfiqld,- instpad of supplying tho mis sing link from" Glndsto'no to Roelclinmpton. And now he lias-allowed somobody onlled "Pilot Iliiyncs " lo disoovor deep water in tho Fitzroy River within 12 or 13 miles of Rookliampton, and on tho town side of tho rivor too. Glud- stono won't stand a ghost of a ohnnoo now. It might just (is well not. liavo a roprusentativo for any good ho will ever ho nblo to stouro for it. I- am sorry, I don't know exactly whothor I nin most Sorry for Pnlmor or his constituents. I think tho bnlnnoo of my sympathios inolinoto 'tlib'dbriatitiionto, however, beeauso ii fricmd of initio iu llio iimccuuoo of his lioart invested nil liis Havings in tho p'urahnso of n town allotment in Gladstone cloven years ago, nnd it is gradu ally slipping ont of his hands through tho nccu- mulation of arrears of muniaipnl ratos upon it. — "j Bohemian." In the Jaws of Death.— tho Tarrengowcr Times rolatos tho following startling inoidont : — On tho night of. llio 4th instant,, Mrs. Pourd who rosidos near tho Malbon Reservoir; lmd occasion; to leave, homo for n short- : timo;. to ido, ;somo shopping, leaving' in tho Iiouso two little girls, nged about 2J and G- yoars; tlmso .woro sleeping, in a cot in n room by tliomselvcs. Iu iho parlor nil infnrit, 10 moritiis old," slept in ri wiokor orndlo riridor llio toblo, nnd in a 'iWm,jSomi-'dotnohod, w-oro two boys, tho. oldest ' About 11 years. ' When Mrs. Pqard left homb,r lliri lamp was tnrriod dojvn, and everything in tlib house had an appenranoa of safety. Sho, cbnld not' liaye loft hoiho Very long' when'' Mrs. ' Patterson , tlib licxt' neiglibonr, heard ri sound of stampiog, followqd by childish ..shrieking, This ' occurred, as iioar as , possiblo, about ft quarter- to 'iiinri o'fcloek.' l'lio ' stamping rind ' shrieking continuing; Mrs. Patterson went up to Mr. Ponrd's house, whoro slio mot. tho little girl of 0 ycrirs'df iige'iit-' tlib thVoshbid,' rioarly 'stilled -witli- smoke,- qnd -at thoiisamot-timo, o,- tliiolt Yotumo ivns . issuing ont of '.the '.door! jMrs. Pnttoi-s'oiV attompling to c'nter' -iho "door, was ilrivdn back, at-ith'd same timo sho saw shifieient to eonvinco her tho place contained n smouldci'ingffra,,and.at onoo rnisod an nlarm. Happily tiio alarm "-was ' heard by- Sergeant iGrpor, iiylio (happened to, bo:. oil -.duty ia.,tlio gtiard-room at tho Camp oil.. tiio opposite sido .of. tbp roporvo from. Mr! /Penrd'sj fuud without ft mbm'cnts'ri. hesitntiori 'tho isbrgbarit' lirirriod rioross, and was prosoiif just at'tho moinont tlie firo bcgn.n to,, blaze,, tip. , Hearing ..from Mrs.- Piittorsori tliat ilio bbvoi'al cliildraiV wei-b sloo'- jiug in tbo rooms/he' mado ri l-usli liito tha iiouso, but beforo bo oqulil got.to tbo obiidrqnls bed tbo , sirioko ovorpoworod liim, and ho witli somo diffi culty gropod; bis way, back to tho-door pud l-nn - round tbo Iiouso, sriin'sliod iu a .fi- oiit/windpw, and got tho littlo girl out '"this wriy. In -tiio monnwhilo Mrs. Patterson worked bravely nnd .womanly, assisted by Oonstnblo Konny and young- Wilson, in-getting into tbo room. on fire,, nnd after some oxertiori tlioy i liiaiiriged to en-' t lively subduo tho lliimos. '' It was difficulty to awnkon the' boys- frbm'.s'onnd sleep, "rind' wlicn thoy woro roused lbeir fright, was pitiful.. :Tbo pobr lads sornuiblbd out with what clothes thoy could pick up; rind niado for :tho<liiil abovo tho Iiouso. Up to tliis-.tiino ; tho iufnut. was not! forthooming, -and nt. Mrs.1 -Pnttorson's insti gation Sorgcnnt Groor ovoL-haulod tiio pnrlornuil, ohildrou's bodronm without mooting 'with, tbo littlo ono, nnd it was naturally concluded the mother liad tolcon the baby wiih lior. Just as nil pnrtics began to hrcatho tlint nil wore snfe, Mrs. Pcrird oamo'bbmo, rind in- answer .-to eager onqnirios as to tho baby, slio frantically roplied tbrit alio loft the baby ' sleeping in tho' orndlo undor tiio- table. 1 :A thrill of sickening horror ovoraamc eyoryone, as it was known tbo oradlb, boik-lotlies and all, wore ' buriit ' to cinders. In ,tbq midst of tlie ' sudden . bewail- meni moans woro! lidnrd 'aa coining from' the' parents' bodropm, a room 'which had 'beori;- un-' disturbed.' Oil looking in' this rbom ,' to tho . wonilor of all, tl;o baby wits discovered' lyhig1' nndor'.tlio bed, aiid foiind' to, bo' Blightly burnt' on oiio foot,' u tiilor orio ' arm, arid "oil' tbo back of tho beiiil. Iioi-o 13 tbo marvel.' Tbo 'oi'ridlo tlint tlie child was sleeping' in, -With tbo bod-' olotlic'a.'nndtbo triblo above, wore consumed, nnd how could Ibis puny, iiifniit "escripo with such little'injiiry to "ri plrioo of safety 7 Tbis. and bow tbo fire qoeiirred, is a lnystei-y, - The sup-- positiou is, that ri young goat got shut ' iu .the :ioom, npset tbo.oradlo, aud thou, tlie lamp. ,, Federation of the (Colonies.— Tho 'opoii- -ingof tho Intercolonial .Exhibition Molbouruc (saVR t.lin tt.'-y ffr,, ti nt . Saluvtiuy lant) ivnn 'eelebrated by a.broakfast.givou.by ,tbb Mayor, nt wliieli Miv iGt'aiiniiii Berry, tiio, now Promiqr, took .tho opportunity! of intimatiug that i .Ar.ic- torin, in.orilor to prove .horsolf, worthy ,qf lior/ posilion as a loading colony, should qndoftyour.- lo bring nbput jtbo federation of: those colonios! air, rientmigs, wnp.-snquo as a rppreseutntiyopf Nbty South Wnlos, supported tho idea with some .eltnsion, nnd. whilst referring to the ''-intrepid experiment j' wliieli Victoria, lias nmilo iii 'the' , mutter of protection ris the foible of n wayward' : i-liild, said tlint tho pare'ut colony would go to its offspring wbon it bamo brick;- bringing the other colonies willi it.: As Mr. Borry, showod n short timo back Hint. bis. dosiro for. inter colonial freo trado was founded on -n wish for, \- llio general adoption of. protection, bis fcilo-l ration proposals will bo rogardod with siis- p son. If tbo qolouioa all bound themselves 'to protection 'by 'it incro'' rigieemouti(.wliieb, by tho- way tliey ara.not likely to do) any ono of thorn could rotii-'b 1 aftor giving tho stipulate nbtioo.i - But not bo iflprotootionnvoro ".adopted; by tho act of a fodoraltlegislatiiro. Mr. Berry has boon looking to tbo. history, of tho United States, and pcrliiip's lio sees that a war of seces-'- sinn might bo nooossnry, rind might bo ineffec tual too, if a portion of tiio lodoralocl oolonios, snfforiug. loss ill order that another .portion might gain by a' dishonest fiscal' -system, -on- dcavouring, to oscane from; tlie burclcn.. But other pooplo, can ;Soo the samo filing,, from tlib opposite point of view, and pbrobivo also tho oxpotlioncy .of retaining freedom of notion so loug as uo imperative neoossity- oxists to onll .for tho surrondor' of it.' "Mr." Jennings talked ; nonsonspiftbon t;qur. goingfto meet Viotoria, if lio . 'meant. that wliori Victoria givos'tip sbmoof lieV -oconomicftl horasios!we riroito give npf somo of our Kouud dootriiiq for tliojsake niarapproachc- ment. Any ono vylip lifts faith ' iii froo' trade should siio' that wo'lilivri more- to' - gain; by; rid-; hoi-ing.la it thnniby-union with' Alctorial p.nnd- tbat-by,surfoudoring:our pribciplcs forltho sako. of thntuiiion", ,wo:sliould.riot i only , inflict loss- upoii ourselves,- biitislrongthen iuiVietoria i.tlio i oausofqL those false priuciplosiwliiril . wo - dosiro- to see ovorywhoro eradicated.- ;. ' : .. 