CHAPTER VII. RETURNED. Herbert Temple started to his feet in alarm, as he saw his wife enter the room, and rushed towards her. " Emily, my darling !" he exclaimed, holding her in his arms. " What is it ? Tell me what has frightened you so." She oould not answer him for some time. A terrified look was on her face, and she oould only ding convulsively to her husband, as he murmured reassuring nords into her ears. She was evidently in extreme terror, though he could see no trace of anyone upon the lawn, and was at a loss to account for her great alarm. But she recovered herself in a short time, and, when he saw that ehe was calmer, Herbert renewed his enquiries as to the cause of her affright. " What is it, my dearest ?" he asked, soothing her as a mother might her child. "A ghost! I saw a ghost!" she answered, shivering as she spoke, "A what? Nonsense! Where?" " Beyond the great oak there-I saw-" "What?" " Lionel." " Lionel ! ' "Yes; he stood there, looking straight at mo." "Ah, my darling, you have been frightened by a shadow, or else by one of the two gardeners crossing the lawn in the twilight." " I tell you, Herbert, that I saw him as plainly and as close to me as you are at this moment. I could have touohed him with my ontstretohed hand as he Btood before me, white and still. Oh, Herbert, what can it mean? What misfortune oan be hanging over us ?" " Hush ! Hush ! my darling ! he began ; but even as be spoke her eyes distended, and, with a hysterical shriek, she pointed to the win- dow, at which stood a motionlese, silent figure. " You see !" she exclaimed. " There it is again ! Lionel ! Lionel !" and with a faint cry she fell into ber husband's arms. Hastily, but gently, he laid her on the sofa, apd turned to ring the bell for assistance, and as he did so his eyes fell upon the form that had caused her agitation. For a moment he stared in wild dismay at the apparition, for suoh he deemed it, which waited with outstretched hands and eager eyes, waiting, as it seemed, for a welcome home. The next moment their hands had met in a warm and loving clasp. " Lionel !" " Herbert !" " Alive !" " Yes ; saved by a mir ade almost, but still in the land of the living. But look to your wife, Herbert. I seem to have frightened her to death almost, though I can hardly understand why. Did you not get my letter, telling you of my esoape from death ?" " When ?" " To-day." " No ; we have been from home all day, and the letters are lying there unopened. But I hear Helena's footstep " " Yon had better meet her and prepare her for my arrival." " No, no ; she won't faint at the surprise, be sure of that. Here she is " Herbert was right. Helena entered the room, and saw it all at a glance The next instant she was folded in her brother's arms, and was sobbing with delight. " Let me go now," she said, after their first rapturous greeting had subsided. " I must go to our mother, and prepare her for your coming. She has mourned for you sorely, dear ; and the shock might be too much for her. Keep out of Emily's sight when she recovers ; she is very weak, poor girl, and if she saw you before her | eyeB when she awoke it might be dangerous." Helena, even in her great joy, was matterof faot still, and she marched her younger brother off, saying that by-and-by would do for all explanations, leaving Herbert to look after his wife, and see her to their room, while she went up to their mother and and broke the glad tidings of her son's return to life-for so it might almost be called ; and soon Lionel was oalled to confirm the truth. The meeting between Mrs. Temple and the son she had mournod as dead was witnessed by none. Her joy was, as her grief had been, too sacred to be profaned by curious eyes ; but the 'news waa not long in making its way to the servants' hall, that the young man they had loved so well for his frank bonhomie and kindly nature had returned-given np from the meroiless ocean they had deemed his grave and one after another orpwded up to tbe dfawiafi room, and clustered round the windows ; trying to catch a sight of the familiar face. Had Liouel Temple ever doubted their love in the old days, the tearful welcome with which he was greeted by one and all would bave been MÄ oient to assure him that he held a place io their hearts, and very reverently he returned thanks to the merciful Providenoe which had sparo^kitn to return. * It was a happy family party whioh waa gathered together in the long drawing- mom of Tregarthen that night, with the exoeption of Lionel, whoso heart was aching sadly at the thought of his iost Rachel; but bo dared not think of her, and it made his misery so muoh the greater that he could not ask for or Bhow that he needed comfort. Mrs. Temple carne down to her accustomed seat, very pale and silent, but with a peaceful look in her face, and calm light in ber eyes, whioh spoke the happy joy she felt. There was no occasion for their wearing their customary suits of solemn black now, and with the next day they would doff their mourning garbs, which had covored such whilome aohing but now gladdened boarts, and be the same gay, happy oirole they had been six months before. Emily, indeed, appeared that night in a radiant fairy-like dress, all bright and soft. As soon as she disoovered that the spectre whioh had come upon them was a real living man, (he insisted on meeting her brother-in-law in a costume that should show her gladness; and her fair, fragile beauty never showed to greater advantago than io the dress she obose to do honour to the occasion. And so they sat far into the night, listening with eager ears to Lionel's story of bow he came to be amongst them once again, when it waa supposed be had met with the same fate as the remainder of the unfortunate boat's crew. " When the boat turned over," he told them, i " we were all thrown into the water, and for a few moments I resigned myself to my fate, and thought that I should never sea dear old Tregarthen again. But it is not in man to die without a struggle ; and, shaking off the grip of a despairing oreature who was cliogiog conclusively to me, I toe» to the surface and found myself beside tho boat. For a while all I oould do was to support myself by its aid ; but in a short time I recovered myself sufficiently to raise my body further out of the water, and then I found that another man was clinging to the same support. Wo looked round, but in the darkness not another soul was to be seen, and we endea- voured, but without avail, to right the boat, and at last, when we found that to be impossible, managed to raise ourselves upon the keel. It was intensely cold, and a rough sea on, and my poor compauion had not strength to sappers himself against the dashing of the waves. We never spoke, and I saw him washed off before my eyes-with what feelings of agony you may 1 partly guess. I was alone now, and saw no hope, no chance of esoape, yet still I olang desperately to my refuge-how, I know not-. until I saw the light of day come. I saw a vessel, evidently steering in my direction, but it seemed ages to me before it carne nrar, and whon it did I was unable to make any sign I could not shout-even if I had my voioe would not have reaohed their ears-aud the alterna- tions of hope and fear whioh passed within my mind almost sufficed to drive me mad." " My poor Lionel !" murmured his mother, while large tears stood in her eyes as she listened to the story of her Bon's peril. " But you were saved at last. Thank Heaven for that 1" " Amen !" answered Lionel, reverently ; and the simple thanksgiving found an echo in the hearts of all bis bearers " However," he continued, " it was a very olose shave. The boat was seen by the look- out man, and he apprised his oaptain ; bat, though they looked most carefully to see whether anyone was dinging to it, no one saw me, and the vessel was nearly sailing on her way, when, as the captain afterwards told me, a sudden impulpe prompted bim not to risk the barest abanes of saving a life, and he ordered out a boat, whioh found me almost insensible, and perfectly unable to afford the least assistance to my removal. They oontrived to get me off, though with great difficulty ; and when I awoke to consciousness-which was not for several days after-I found myself on board the Star, a merchant vessel, bound for the An- tilles. The oaptain, who was very kind to me-" " Heaven bless him !" interrupted Mrs. Temple. " Told me that he was already far on his course, but would put me on tbe first homeward bound ship be met; bnt fate seemed to be -^* against me, and I was forced, unwillingly enough, to make the voyage before I could gat a vessel for England. " And were you the only one in the boat that was saved, Lionel ?" asked Emily, her gentle voice full of sorrow and sympathy at the terrible tale Bhe bad heard. " None, I believe. The boat whioh resonad me rowed about for several hours, in the hopo of finding some poor wretob clinging to a spar, but all without avail Until I landed at Ply. mouth this morning, I did not even know but that I was the sole survivor. So sudden was the catastrophe, and the night so dark, that when the black waters whioh had closed above my head were again below me I believed that no one else had esoaped." Such was the tale that Lionel Temple told his hearers, though broken with many a ques- tion, or exclamation of horror and affright; and very thankful hearts they were whioh offered up praise to the all-merciful Judge who had seen fit to preserve this, the Benjamin of their family, and give him baok to theo). It was very late when the ladies retired for tbe night, but still the brothers sat on, for Lionel bad much to hear, and Herbert was too excited to think of bed ; but even the largest budget of news must come to an end sometime, and the conversation began to flag, till Herbert suddenly said " Oh, by the way, Lord and Lady Ander- leigh have returned from Italy. Clare has come home with them for good." " Indeed 1" " Yes ; Bhe has grown into a lovely girl, Lionel." . There was a meaning in his tone, of whioh, however, Lionel took no heed. He did not dream of his brother having any motive in thus speaking of their neighbours, with whom they had always been on intimate terms. Lord Adderleigh was a very eccentrie man plain and blunt to the last degree, baring been brought up in a very low position in life, during which time he had married tbe pretty daughter of a small shopkeeper; and it was not until their only ohild, Clare, had grown almost a young woman, that her parent, by a series of fatalities in the family of whioh ha was a member, succeeded to the rank of Baron Adderleigh, of Permaddock. The new lord and his wife were too old to get rid of their natural habits, and still re- tained a slight trace of their humble origin ; but their natural goodness ef disposition, and frank, unaffected geniality made them very much liked. Besides, a lord ÎB a lord, and, as such, Lord Adderleigh could bold his own with the proudest families in Corn- wall ; and though he and his wife would some- times show traces of their earlier surroundings, the world, always ready to pardon vulgarities in the great, by a polite euphemism, turned thara into eccentricities ; and they spared no expensa in fitting their daughter, who was, as Herbert said, a lovely girl, for the station she could occupy in sooiety. Permaddook Castle adjoined Tregarthen, |&d; the two families were very intimate ; bnt for some time Lord Adderleigh had been travelling on the oontinent with bia wife, and had no« returned to their home, bringing with them their daughter, who had been placed abroad for an education, and was now about to take ber place as heireBs to her father's for- tune. A few more words of explanation are still neoessary, to aooonnt for the oloee intimacy which existed between Permaddook and the Temples. Tregarthen oame to Herbert Temple very much embarrassed, and, by means which it is needless to dilate on here, Lord Adderleigh relieved the estate from sonja ruinous mortgages which existed on it, and in so quiet, unassuming a manner that he had won the heartfelt love and gratitude of the family ; and Herbert Temple had built up a very pretty little romance, of whioh his brother and Clara Adderleigh were respectively the hero apd heroine. " Yes," he repeated, seeing that his brother took very little notice of bis words ; " a very lovely girl is Clare." " Ah !" replied Lionel ; " is she ? I haven't seen her for some time, you know, and Bhe was but a ohild then." . " Bat she is no ohild now-why, she is seven- teen, and very womanly for har age-so oharm 1D « Indeed 1 " »iterated Lionel, lbtlesask " Yes . a refined likeness of bet mother," " I oan hardly fancy Lady Adderleigh having I any claim to good looks." " Well, well, we won't argue that point; but the daughter is beautiful, and has just a dash of her father's oddness, but only sufficient to make her piquant and original in he- manner." I " She must be original, if she resembles bim," / said Lionel, with a oomical grimace. ' " He's a good-hearted true man, Lionel ; re- member that we owe much to bim." "True," said Lionel, warmly. "More than we oan ever repay, except with gratitude." " I think," Herbert said, in a hesitating sort of way, " that you could repay his lordship if you liked." "Me! How?" " Very easily." " Explain yourself." " ID three words, Lionel-marry his daugh- ter." (To be continued.) 