FIJL (From our own Correspondent.) Very little lias occurred of late worthy of record, but now we are in the midst of an cpidemic, the end of which is not yet. When the ex-King Cakobau was in Sydney the nieasles were very prevalent, and the old " nig" took them and was very bad. Well, he had scarcely recovered when he and his two sons came down to Fiji'in H.M.S. Dido, by which vessel they had previously gone to Sydney. On arrival here tliey landed, and then, at the time of landing the King had not thoroughly recovered, and Ratro Timoci (one of his sons) was also sick with measles. They, however, landed ; then chiefs and kaisis (serfs) came from all directions to pay homage to their most (ig)nohle Vuni-valu. They came, they remained (only a short time), they left, and they have suffered—at least some of them have : many have paid the dread penalty, and gone to their long,long home; many arc now suffering. The disease is spreading; Fijians are dying at the rate of from six to ten a day on OvaLiu, and from outlying districts we have no correct accounts, in fact it is impossible to get at anything like the realnumber of deaths that have taken place here, for they are beingburied surreptitiously by their friends, anywhere and anyhow. It is something horrible to contemplate the dead and dying around you. Go into any Fijian house and there you will findthem strewn about the floor in all directions, whilst the stsougest or the one least affected is doing his best as nurse, and it is bad at that; then proceed to the dwellings of Europeans, and you will there find one or more (according to tne quantity of men they possess) native laborers laid up with the measles, or with some complaint which has followed the measles for want of proper attention, dysentery,diarrhoea, kc. Then, again, it is beginning to take hold of the white children ; many of these have had it, and some have it now, but none have taken their departure for the next world on that account. Nor is the bringing of the nieasles to Levuka the only discreditable thing for Captain Chapman, of the Dido ; tor after having had an opportunity of seeing his mistake in landing those affected with this malady, his finishingstroke is to take about one hundred return laborers to their homes in the various groups—New Hebrides, Line Islands, &c.; The ship had no particular cleansing, and tho probabilities arc that by tho time the natives reach their homes many of them will be down with the measles ; they will be landed, and thus spread the disease among those islands to carry on its work of destruction with an unbridled license amongst an ignorant and superstitious people, who can have no possible idea as to the treatment required. Now, who is to blame is the question ? It is quite clear to me that a great amount of blame attaches itself to Captain Chapman, but at the same time the authorities here are not free. Tbey had no right to allow the Dido to ^and anyone at all until {such time' as she had been in quarantine, and even passing tha' aside, their action in sending one hundred natives in such a vessel at such a time is deserving of much censure. But I suppose we must put this down as one of the benefits of annexation to Great Britain. The saying that where the white man sets his foot the black man recedes, was never more aptly illustrated th?n in the present instance. But we are not yet in a position to crow over these poor wretches, until the disease is eradicated from our midst; for it appears to me that nothing is more probable than, from the manner in which these natives are sickenin™, dying, and being interred, in some instances with scarcely enough ground to cover the bodies, and the foetid effluvia everywhere arising, wil] end in prostrating both whites and natives in some terrible plague, leaving a considerable portion of our community hors de combat. One of the worst features with regard to the sickness of natives is, that when they are affected and begin to feel ill they will not do as they arc told, but say, " I must go to Nasova" (or elsewere) " that I may lie down and die." They have no hope ; lose all tlieir energy (what little they possess at any time), and give way completely with the fear of death before their eyes sicken, sink, and die. ' It is a good illustration of a story I once heard of a man who was threatened with death by bleeding, and after being fastened down he was pricked with a pin; a tin dish was placed below him, and lus tormentors kept a continual droppmg of water into the dish, thus making the poor fellow believe that his blood was leaving him gradually. He felt himself getting weakef and weaker, till at length firmly believing that he had been bleeding all tho while, he gave up the ghost, and such was the effect of imagination upon him that he died as he himself thought from loss of blood,whilst not a drop of blood had been drawn from his body. So it is with the Fijians,tlicy think they are going to die, and give way, leaving all the medicine in the world powerless. The Good Templars have just celebrated their first anniversary by a soiree. They are still increasing slowly, but I think I may say surely. Some of the members have got down from Sydney their third degree collars, and really they look very nice. A procession where about a couple of hundred wore those sashes would certainly look splendid. But they did not have any procession. The tea was not very well at- tended as it was threatening rain, but the votaries to Terpsichore mustered pretty strongly after tea, and dancing was kept up till half-past O D The weather here has been, "as usual at this season of the year, exceedingly unpleasant, very hot, with plenty of rain, keeping one in a perfect state of stew; or, as the doctor who has just arrived on our shores terms it, " a state of chronic melt." Business is exceedingly dull, and there is 110 sign of any improvement, unless it may be upon the arrival of the Governor, that life and activity will again be observable in our midst. We are almost at a standstill, and only just sufficient is now expended to supply bare necessities. And now that we are likely to have regular communication with Sydney in the shape of 'one of the A.S.N. Company's boats running between that port and this, we may expect that to, at nil events, put a brisker aspect on things in general, However this may be it will enable us to hear from our friends more regularly, with less chance of letters going astray, as it is quite clear to me many of them do. Several of my letters to you, I notice, are missing, and it will certainly be some satisfaction to know that our letters are not so liable to go astray now as in the olden time. If the steamer continues regular every month, as is promised, I shall be able to jot you a few lines by each boat, which will ensure a more regular correspondence. The boat at present running is the Wcntvmrtli, one of the finest of the Company's boats ; and although she goes round by New Caledonia it is now ascertained that the trips con be done monthly. March 7. 