What is to be the outcome of .all the anarchy and bloodshed which have charac terised Spain for tbe last half ' century ? This is a question which naturally arises in the thoughtful mind when reading the tele gram which appeared in' yesterday's issue of this paper. It is tbete set forth that Don Alfonso has been warmly welcomed by the army, and peaceably recognised as king ; that ' the kingly pronuneiamtnto has been generally acquiesced in, and that a liberal Ministry, has . been ..formed at Madrid. Superficially regarded, this lan guage would imply that a stable monarchy had at length been established in Spain, and that efforts would be at once directed to rid the provinces of Carlism, the towns of thieves, and the cities of political agitators. But deeply regarded, no such comforting reflections can be drawn from this intelli gence, or from these inferences. The new monarch is the Bon of perhaps the most in famous woman who ever wore a crown. There is hardly a vice under the sun which the ex-Queen Isabella has not committed, nor a more profound bigot, nor a mind less capable of -controlling for good the destinies of a people. The Spaniards are not a con tinent race, and by no means inclined to ! stick at trifles. But even they could not stand such a shameless adulteress as the woman whom they drove from her throne in " JLS68. Now we find one of her sons' called to her vacated place, and carrying with him traditions, convictions, and inherent vices, which augur anything but a restoration of peace to one of the most distracted races which the world per haps ever knew from its inception down to its present stage of existence. What can there be hopeful about snch a stock? What can be expected from an: Alfonso which an Amadeo could not accomplish — from a young man whose mind is probably satu rated by inheritance with profligate in stincts, when one of the noblest intellects of the age had to give up the task of re storing order to the same nation, and culti vating the more moral portion of its nature, with regret arid despair ? It is well known that tle ex-Queen has been intriguing for this result for a long time 'past, and it may therefore be safely anticipated that with the restoration of her line, will come a return to Spain on the part of her self. A complete revolution must therefore have taken place In her nature If she tiotr abandons the profligacies for which her matured life has all through been notorious. But as such revolutions do nut usually mark monarchical minds and habits, the inference is fair that a very short time will elapse before the court of the new king will beT>5sbitrched with -the same "vices as smeared his mother's - infamous reign, aud led to her departure- from her throne with more haste than seemliness-or dignity. The . only hope for Spain which seetns to stand hut in the selection of Don Alfonso is that the son may take warning by the fate of his mother ; that he may surround bis private life with more circumspection ' than characterised hers', aud that in his publiccareer $e may benefit by his English "experience, and thus govern with more good seuse and moderation, especially in rehgtotis matters, than his. mother did.' If he should betray . this wisdoin he may tide over his prelimi- ' nary difiiculties, and hold on to his throne tor a season! .But it wilt be a wonderful Ipnenomeuou indeed should .he display these rational attributes, seeing the kind of stock from which be has sprung, and the evil examples by which' his whole life has been surrounded. - With- the new-born zeal which his accession will ' inspire amongst the troops, the €arlists .will no doubt soon be got rid of ; for thev are more noticeable for the noise they create thari/ur their numbers ,.or Influence ; . hud % thri d bf 'tbe hriity of purpose, which wiil for the nonce charac terise the people, the new Government .will probably make short- work of these tormentors. But it ' requires a great flight cf the imagination to believe that the mon- «rchy will be stable after this - object hie been effectuated, or- that under Dou .alfonso ..Spain, will -be brought back to that obedience to law and order, without which no community can be bappy, and no nation progressive. Humanity wilL, of course, hope for the best, . but in this last selec tion It had teiy little ground for Anticipating a successful issue. What is really wanted jm |3pain Is neither an Alfonso, a Carlos, im. a republic, -hot at " ptil), ntrong tpan," Whose; feelings lean; to virtue's side; who inbwe tbe -sort of- peojJe be . lias to deal ffith,and.wlio will yule them with sa iron j hahd nhtithbyve/been A&ncatecl; but' of their vices and Iawlessrie9s, and made to understand that religious bigotry does not condone eveiy offence under the sun. And until stich a man comes to the front, Spain will pjntinue to betbe theatre of in trigue and kice.but itoertaiiily will notemerge into that position- of decency which brill entitle it to take a foremost place amongst the nationB, and command the sympathy and respect of surrounding communities. Don Alfonso is not a man of this stamp, and therefore very little good can be ex pected to accrue to the Spanish nation from his elevation to: the ' throne, or from the promise of introducing a liberal form of government which be bas' made to the Spanish people. . . 0' Mr Macka-Y will have to sharpen7 up his intellects 7a bit over tbe -School ofMines- question, or he will soon find himself -universally voted a stumbling-block in die way of progress. The circular bear ing the signature of' his Honor Judge Rogers is having a marked effect upon public: opinion. Wealthy people are beginning to recognise the utility of the School in Lydiard street just us earnestly as the working classes Jiave. hitherto en deavored to share in the advantages 'which . arise from participation in its courses of instruction. Not only are subscrip tions commencing to come in, but ex pressions of sympathy, which are almost of as much value, are being numerously re ceived. Mr Russell; Mr LeabMonth," Mr Elder, and other gentlemen who have- lately supplemented the funds of this School, cannot understand how it is -that MrMACKAY gives it the' cold- shoulder. With' broader instincts than", the Minister of Mines shows himself to possess in this matter, these gentlemen- think that the State can scarcely , -act r too liberally -to wards such an institution as Ballarat has given to the country, and they more particularly express their astonishment that a Minister of Education should show himself so unmindful or regardless of the benefits which mnst flow from its 'being liberally supported by the State. They are not restricted by local feeling, and they cannot sympathise with the idea that because Sandhurst .has started an apology for a School, therefore " tbe School in Ballarat should be Ministerially neglected. We need hardly Bay that these views are by no meanB novel to ns, nor are they anything Jess than what we, would expect to come from the sources from wbich they have sprung. The School of Mines, , Ballarat, is essentially a scientific and ' practical institution, capable by its instruc tion, and by the mass of information which it has gathered into its archives? to work out an. immense amount of good to the Victorian community. It posseses all the nuclei for becoming in a short time as useful and instructive an institution as any school of the same de scription established in England - or on tbe continent of Europe ; and no other school yet initiated in this country can approach it for the excellence of its arrangements, or for the completeness -of its curriculum. These facts are appreciated by the gentlemen who are showing such a warm sympathy in its behalf, and hence 'tbe donations they are making to it, and--the; astonishment they! express at the. lukewarmness witb' which the Minister of Mines and Education re gards its excellent efforts and its steady progression. Mr Mackay must therefore shake off his lethargy in this matter, and rise superior to petty .local considerations, or he will soon cease to command the re spect of the community, for Ms scientific proclivities, or for his sympathy witb insti tutions designed to work ont a large mea sure of practical good amongst the mining class. He muBt extricate himself from tbe Sandhurst incubus, and concentrate his efforts upon the School in Ballarat, so that this colony may at least have one sound institution of the kind to boast of, and that its progress may not be imperilled by oppo nents, who neither show the same ability, nor the same large-hearted effort, to attain similar results. The press, with the ex ception of the journals published in one town, is perfectly unanimous iu this respect. It recognises tbe utility and advancement made by the School of Mines, Ballarat, and it calls upon tbe Minister of " Mines to use' bis best efforts to make it all that its pro moters desire, and all that its friends desire it should become. In the face of these facts, then Mr Mackay must sharpen up his notions a bit, and be prepared to do liberal justice to . our School when Parfia-' ment re-assembles for the despatch of busi ness, otherwise he W31 be voted a stumbling block in the way of progress, and a very derelict Minister indeed to have charge of the educational advancement of the Vic torian people. The supposed Nana Sahib has been -de clared an impostor. This is one of the items . contained in our London telegram published in yesterday's issue, and there is no reason to doubt its authenticity. It would seem by this intelligence that the Indian authorities have been fooled to their heart's content by two or three practical jokers, for the supposed Nana had accom- plicesin his freak, andthesemenmysteriously signified their knowledge to their captors that the real Simon Pure had been detected uttast. Whoever the impersonator of tins scoundrel is, he niust have heartily' enjoyed the imposture, as well as the excitement : his declaration, caused. We -read,, in; an extract from the Tinm of /«<&'«, published in yesterday's Gcelcmg Adver tiser, that the greatest care was taken of the presumed ruffian when the authorities bad bim securely in- their keep ing. He And his friends were heavily ironed, and lest they should attempt to escape, or the. "gentle public" should en deavor. to anticipate the usual forms ' of justice,' the little party -were handed over! to the ..guardianship of the 2Gth Came- roniahs — a body , of English , soldiers, whose fidelity to duty is only to be measured. -by. their unswerviagdislike to bush justice. Tbe' ' alleged delinquent then turned : round, .and said that he had ..only been playing a part; that he -was not :Nana, and that. .what he had done was ony by way of a lark. These declarations, kowever, were not be lieved at the time they were madeThey were simply accepted, as pu t forth iu .order that the Nana might tijiffi ifronLlfe'gTasp of retributive justice. But it will now be seen by our London telegram that the im postor told the truth, and tbat the genuine criminal is as far .o£f Jrom .arrest as ever. This is about the sixteenth time the Nana has been arrested, only for the authorities to discover that they" htufgSt' hold of "the wrong man, and in nearly every case prac- ' tical joking has underlaid the arrest, or pre sumed discovery. After tins, we imagine, very conclusive evidence will be required before another arrest of a Nana Sahib is made. In every instance the fellow arrested was variously identified, and so. it has been ! in this case, ,only. to rehow iu the end how little his , identifiers know of the real man. Our own. opinion is that tbe British autho rities are by no means sorry that this fellow recently arrested turns out to bean impos tor. The Indian Mutiny -is now dead and buried, and doubtless the Xmpetial Govern ment is as little anxious to resuscitate - its ghost by the discovery of the prime mover, as the prime mover is to fall witiub thefgrasp of the law. and its execophers. No doubt the latestimpostore will be punished for their cheat. 1 But this will not in all human probability prevent toother craze of : tbe same kind from sooner dr later breaking out; for the Indians have a strong paieftant for practical joking, and they know that no subject can be Mt upon, more likely to afford amusement and create excitement, than the discovery and identifi cation (of a Nana Sahib. TVe are given to nnflerstand' on good authority that tbe hon. the Solicitor-General was in Ballarat -on-Satunl&y;, and that ' the differences of opinion with reference to the verdict in the case of M-Dotvall v Howard were brought under his -notice.--. The reply of Mr MacDeruiott is stated to "have . been to rite effect that he saw no reason to complain of the decision which was theD given hy the majority of the bench between the two dis putants. The wife-beater, James Hindman, met with liis deserts at the Eastern Court yesterday, when the mayor and ex-mayor, tvho presided, sentenced him to six months' imprisonment for the assault tipon his wife, and a fine of £5. or two months' impri sonment, for making use of obscene language. The evidence proved that the fellow tied tiie woman's legs, and, in addition to beating her, dragged her by her hair about the floor of the apartment. The new term at the School of Mines will com- mence on the 11th instant, before which date in, tending students must lodge their nominations and pay the fees. - There seems to be a great deal of uncertainty abroad "with reference to the coming into operation of the" Judicature Act, bat no doubt all difficulties will be resumed to-day. Our Melbourne corre spondent has something to say upon the subject this morning, and the rest will be found embodied in an extract which we make from yesterday's Age, and which appears in another column.' ' At the mecliug of the committee of the Benevo lent Asylum last night, a donation of £6 was re ceived from a gentleman, "who particularly desired to have his name withheld front publication. We may, however, mention that the generous donor was erstwhile a resident of Ballarat, but now of Geelong ; and we hope his example will be liberally followed. A case of bl6od-poisening has occurred in the family of Mr H. R.. Murray, turner, of Arm strong street, from a most simple cause; and which, it is to be regretted, will result- m the loss of his eldest daughter's right hand. The young girl, who is a smart intelligent little lady, of twelve or thirteen years of age, ran a needle-point by accident into her band a few days ago. The puncture festered, and though she was placed under medical treatment the wound grew -worse, and the patient has, by advice, been sent to ' the Hospital, where her right hand has to be amputated this morning. ' It will be re membered that Lilian Murray was one of the ybnng girls who assisted at the drawing of the gold-cup prize in the Mechanics' Art Union, and that 6he stamped the numbers upon all tbe prize- marbles! " 7 A woman named O'Donnell, whose husband "keepB the Distillery hotel at Wanrenheip, was heavily fined by the Eastern bench yesterday, for making use of abusive and obscene language to a neighbor, Ann M'Ginty. The mayor said that the language complained of (which was handed in writing to the bench) was the worst he had ever heard or seen on paper. A fine of £3 was inflicted, with £1 10s costs, or a month's imprisonment jn default. John Smith, for a similar offence, was fined £5, or two months' imprisonment. . Two old offenders, James Smith and Jeremiab Clarke, pleaded guilty to stealing a, chest of tea from Mr Draper, and were sentenced, to three months' imprisonment each. A woman named Rosanna Pearce was sent to -gaol for a fortnight for receiving two stolen geese from her son, John Pearce ; and tbe boy was fined 10s, or seven days' imprisonment, for stealing die satfae. He had been sent for the geese by his mother, and the lad said he took the- wrong geese by .mistake. There was again a busy scene at the railway station yesterday, the morning trains particularly being crowded with excursionists, who were re turning from Ballarat to the country and the metropolis. The City treasurer was busy yesterday receiving iicense-fees from publicans and others for 1S75 ; over £1000 being thus paid in within tbe past two days. . The man Simpson, who was so badly wounded in A brawl at Ascot last Thursday, is still lying dangerously ill in tbe Ciunes Hospital, and no traces have yet been discovered of his assailant. At the City Police Court, yesterday, tbe man John Johnson, charged with assaulting Harriet Jamieson, was brought up before the mayor and Messrs Williams and Cameron, and evidence of the assault having been given, the accused was re manded till Friday next. Three drunkards were also dealt with. We learn that Blondin has determined to per form in Ballarat, but not until after he has been to Adelaide. The annual meeting of the governors and sub scribers to the Ballarat District Hospital will be held in the lecture- room of the Mechanics' Insti tute, on the 14th instant. Nominations for the vacancies on tbe committee of management, and on the medieal staff, muft be made to tbe secretary not later than the 13th.' A cricket match was played on Saturday, at Scott's parade, between the Little Bendigo C.C. and the Russell Square C.C. Tbe following are tbe scores: — Little Bendigo— First innings, 38; second do, 13. Russell Square— First innings, 53. The latter thus won in one innings, with 2 runs to Sjrtre. :. There is.a. bad .drain on the south-west side of the Old Cemetery fence,' which' emitted a very noxious smell on Sunday. Perhaps the city sur veyor can see to this matter. Three days before Christmas a lunatic named John Butler escaped from the Ararat Asylum, and had been wandering at-i&rge; since, till he was re captured yesterday in the neighborhood of Carng- hatn, and last night was placed in the City lunatic cell, en route for his old quarters. A cabman named Conolly, and Cbas. Easley, a laborer, were arrested yesterday evening for threat ening behavior in a public place. It appears that the cabby was driving down the street and knocked down a man, the mate of Easley, who followed Conolly, and on asking him why he had driven over his friend; was struck by the cabman witb the whip. Easley resented the' blow, and the police coming up. took both disputants into custody : but Easley was released on baiL Conolly was locked up, and is also charged with being drunk. A cricket match was played on Monday between the Royal Standard and Golden Lion Cricket Clubs, whiclt resulted in an easy victory for the -Royal Standard in one innings, and 32 runs to spare. . ' The Benevolent Asylum Committee met last evening, the principal business transacted being the acceptance of tenders for supplies as recom mended by the house committee. Further parti culars will be found in another -column. A melancholy occurrence happened on the Black Hill some lime between Saturday night and y ester- day morning. A carter named John Chisholm had been drinking at a hotel in Peel street, and late in the evening be left for his residence; not far distant. Nothing was heard of .hitn afterwards, and yesterday his friends becoming alarmed insti tuted a search, which resulted in his body being found in the Majestic dam. The deceased leaves a wife and three children. An inqoest on the body- will be held to-day at the Royal Oak botel. . At the shop of Messrs Eyres Bro&, yesterday, the two principal prizes won by Ballarat at the late London Art tjmixi wen? -exhibited One is s painting 'valued at £30, wonby Mr H. Brjtid. The subject is a scene ' To Borrowdale," painted by- Mr A. W. Williams. The other is a' painting by W. H. Foster, " On the Lowtlier." won by -Mr C. M. Watson: . The plate for this year, a specimen of 'which Messrs Evres Brothers have received, is " Wellington meeting Blather after the Battle of Waterloo." William - Trhfcott,' miner, who find - been ar- resred ;zt Geelong, was lodged in the Eastern lock up last night, chnTged with having disobeyed a" summons for making use of. obscene language. He will bp brought up at. the Town Folice Court, this morning. , . Some time between Saturday and yesterday morning, a qusntity of quicksilver was stolen from the claim "of the Sovereign Company. The theft was reported to -the police, but so far no clue to the offender has been disoovered. A meeting of tbeSt. George LodgerA.AXOjO.F.1. was held at the lodge-room. Royal Standard hotel, oh Monday evening, -when the following offices Woe appointed for the ensuing six months : — N ft , Br F.G. Davit; VJL, Br H. Dubberiia; W.G,. Br Joseph Evan's ; secretary, Br W. Silverioek. (re elected) ; treasurer, Br F. G. Daties (re- elecreil) - S.W., Br Robert Cook ; J.\Vn Br E. J. Moriiew ; supporters to K.G- Brs L. Leviene and John Hunt; supporters to V.G., Brs G. Bufford sad J. Eraser ; trustees, Brs. Jno. Lee and L. Levieue (re elected); Dr Butler, medical officer.; IX M. A. Gray, chemist. . " . A rifle match between members of the (flunes Rifle Corps came Off .on NewYear's Day at.ptanes. There woe ten. joompetitora ; the distances' being 200, 500, and 600 . yards. The weather was very unfavorable -for good shooting, -the wind, bang strong. The following are 4he scores ; — Private - C.E. Jones (handicap' 22V55;Oprporal Coffer, 51 ; Private . Jcasnp (handicap 20). 51 ; Captain Jess up (handicap 15), 4S; Corporal Gorrie, 45; thprirate A. W. Jones (handicap 9), 41 ; Pnvate ' %iar (handicap 13), 38 ; Private Dreweatt (han dicap 11), 37; Private Bncham (handicap 5), 30- _ We have rectived a copy of " ABrifitetrawtt ; tf facts in connection witb an ormand expedition from Lake George to Port FhiHip, in 1824/ by Mr Hamilton Home. The printer and publisher is Mr J. J. Brown, of tbe J Courier office, Yass. This work bas already passed through two 'editions, and a third is now being published, witb some adver tisements. Tbe book is well worth reading. We arc asked to direct attentfeni to- tbe sale of the Rev. R. Mercer's furniture, which will take place to-morrow, by Mr J.J5. typo-,' auctioneer, at tbe Church of England parsonage, Preston Hill, CariigliahijSimmencing at "twel veto'ribek. "" By the arrival of the barqpp. Reoonnairaance, from the South Sea Islands, intdligenca (9itys the Age) hss reached Sydney of the total wreck of the German brig Alfigd,_at the Marshall Group. The crew were saved. The brig was trading among the islands. The Reconnaissance reports also that the residents and the nativesmf Samoa are agitat ing for annexation to America. ' A medical officer in . Christchurch, New Zea land, has officially announced to the Templar lodge with which be is connected,'' the .Sotrffew Cross says, " that some of the syrups be has tesied, and known as ' teetotal drinks,' contain prepara tions of opium to a cousidcrable extent, and that indulgence in two or three wineglasses of stich, although it did not produce intoxication, certainly induced sleep or stupor. The operation of transfusing tbe blood of a sheep into the veins of an invalid was successfully performed (saysi ihe Age) by the medical officer of the Carlisle Castle, which arrived" in tbe bay on Saturday, during the voyage of the vessel out. The invalid was suffering from a severe attack of lung disease, and was reduced to so low a state that the doctor declared his case hopeless. As a last resource he tried the effect of transfusion, happily with the Very best result. Shortly after the operation had been performed, the patient began to revive, and daily increased in vigor. On arriving in Melbourne he had so far recovered as to be able to walk ashore without assistance. Tbe police get robbed occasionally (remarks the Argus) as well as other people. On Wednesday afternoon last a valuable greyhound was stolen from the Russell StreetiPolice Station. The two young midshipmen -of the Shannon, Fuller and Nash, who . on New Year's morning, started off in the ship's boat for a row up the Salt water River, and did not return in the evening, have set their friends' fears for their safety at rest (says the Ape) by turning up hale and hearty on " board their ship about dusk on Sunday evening. They were not exactly " three sheets in the wind," as might have been expected, bnt they were lite rally two, as it was by the aid of a couple of those useful articles of bed furmrnre, which they had secreted for their cruise, that they contrived to beat up iu eight hours from MordiaUoc, where they were discovered by Mr Mitchell, lateof the London, hotel, at Sandridge. , : . A conference of Government statists from some' of the Australian colonies is to be held at Iiob art Town, in Tasmania, on the. 14th instant, for the purpose (says tbe Telegraph) of arriving at a -uniform method of making up statistical informa tion, so that the results may be comparable. Mr Hayter will represent Victoria, and will start for the scene Of his labors about tbe latter end of this week. South -Australia, New South Wales, and Tasmania will also be represented at the con ference, aud most likely New Zealand ; Queensland declines to join in the matter. With regard to Western Australia; no communication has been re ceived from tbe Government of that colony as to its intentions. Referring to the circular issued by his Honor Judge Rogers, relative to; the School Cf Mines, Ballarat, the Argus says : — It will repay the perusal of evety one who takes an interest in tbe develop- \- ment of our resources. The wealthy men of the country should remember that the mining interest is just now in a very depressed condition, and con sequently that all others arc necessarily suffering. When our goldfielda are productive, the benefit is felt throughout the community — merchants, land owners, squatters, &<u Coming in for tbeir share. Nothing is more likely to permanently increase the yield of the precious metal, both hy the discovety of new workings and tlie more efficient management of old, than a supply of properly-trained bands of all descriptions ; so that in a selfish point of view they are interested in supporting such an institution as that on whose behalf .we plead. It must also be remembered that, in - the opinion .of his Honor J udge Rogers. " founded on an experience of seven teen years," the foundation of a satisfactory school of mines - would do more in a few years to put a stop to the waste of life, so fearfully to be re gretted," than any legislation which Parliament could devise. At five p.m. on the 1st instant, a candle- box containing the dead bodies of two infant children was found in a gully in the Royal Park, about 200 yards from the Flemington road, by two boys named Atfed Jackson and Patrick Loncrgan. Tbe box, which was partly covered with earth, b»« been removed to the Hotham police-station. Dr Burke, of Hotham. examined the remains, which are much decomposed, and states that they were about five months old, apparently twins, and of different sexes. They appear (says the Age) to have been about.ten days exposed. Captain Roberts, of the ship Clara Hargrave, has reported to the police that a Greek seaman, named Juan Delitto, has been missing from the vessel since the 31st' December. Itis supposed (adds the . Argus) that something has happened to hint, as there is a considerable sum of money due to him lying in the captain's hands, which has not been claimed. The great sea-serpent has, it is alleged, again been seen. Tliis -time (save the -Age) the monster, is said to have been observed Bwimming across the stern of the Carlisle Cesile, at a distance of only about 10 or 12 yards, with his head erect and about , 6 feet of ' bis body out -of water. It- was moving along very leisurely, and plainly seen for about a quarter of an hour. Ibis occurred on the 17th of October, in 45 north and 12 west. According to tbe Argus, Mr W m. Wilson and Mr R. D. Reid, late of Eldorado, are candidates for tbe Eastern Province. Another fatal accident has happened at the new . buildings in Hare street, Echuca. within a few yards of where the man Taylor was killed by the falling from the scaffolding. In the present case (says tbe Argus telegram) the building of an oven had jnst been completed, and a bricklayer (Henry Spinks) was in tbe act of clearing out tlie filling, when the wlio'e thing collapsed, and crashed him to death. He has left a widow and family. This is the third accidental deat h in connection with these three new shops, which are not yet finished.; . The front of one of them was completely blown down by a squall, and anotlier was so shaken that the front, had to be taken down. On Thursday even ing last, one of the shops, which had been" opened with a new stock, had a narrow escape front de struction by fire through the capsizing of a kero sene lamp. The railway -station,' both on the arrival of the Ballarat as -well as of the Melbourne train, was crowded to excess (says the Geelong Adi-ertiser) on Saturday night, and we think that never has such traffic been known on the Victorian lines as during the present holidays ; trucks and every description of carriages having been called into requisition to meet the great demand for passenger accommoda tion. Warder Coghlan, the victim of Weeehurch's -murderous propensities, is still suffering (says tbe Tdegrajth) severely from the effects of the wound inflicted upon him. On Monday the unfortunate nun, although . doing duty in a sheltered part of the prison, had to be removed home completely exhausted. Weechureh bas assumed his old Pen- tridge manners since bring sent back, and main tains thst he was justified in what he did. Mr Ireland, he says, will get him out altogether before a month, and that if he is not treated like other prisoners he will have to begin again. The privi lege of. not wearing his mask, when goimr to and from exercise, hits been accorded the ruffian for what reason it is hard, jtq say. He is attended upon by two warders and ;is allowed books, but .kon- "long his violent temper will -keep within hounds is ' uncertain. l; .' The iSiwt Australian Register of 30th, Decem ber hears that Mrs T. P. Hill, whu has been well known in colonial circles as an elocutionist, has ' received advantageous; offers to appear as a public reader in the United States, both iti tlie East and .California, whither she will shortly proceed. She -wBl be accompanied by Mr HilL Mr Sadleir, police inspector in charge of the Melbourne division, is about (says tbe Argus) to. proceed to Mansfield as superintendent. His pro motion has not yet been gazetted, but probably ! will be in a week or two. Clones (writes our correspondent) was deserted I en New Year's Day. The majority of the iahahi- . brats proceeded by train rithetr to Ballarat or , Maryborough. It is computed that nearly 3006. persons left Ciunes by railway during the- past holidays. With the exception J a Sabbath school picnic, there was not a single out-door demonstra tion in Ciunes On New Year a Day. The trade of tlie town is bring seriously affected by the rail way, parties proceeding to Ballarat and elsewhere to make their purchases. Business mea are loud in their complaints of the- duincss of trade and scarcity of money. ! ' . It is always pleasant (remarks the St. Arnawi Times) to hear «f settlers in auew obunUy Mfr|, each other when occaamn requires. Two examples of this land came under our notice the other day - the weHdoer being- Mr George -Dyers, of Loss Station, hear Donald, who kindly infertne-j a hum- ber-of selectors hi hisvidnitr that -they could jaess their suasoah total at his shed, and, when the offer " > was Jadjffyaccepted,Tga.ve them the services of his own preteer to asast'them. Another selector, aiming with 1500 raheep, perishing for water, at Laen, in Ins extremity asked permission to water "them at the station dam — a permission which was at osce given/as it bad been In tbe case of other flocks before ami since. Acts like these are credit able Iu the highest degree to their performers, aud wears glad to be able to mention them. Miss Carrie Emanuel has been married, in Mel bourne- to Mr Emanuel Mendelssohn- Ihe sur name of the bridegroom was erroneously given as Goldlsteis the other flay. "Mrand'Kra George Case wilt re-appear for tbe last time in the Mechanics Inst i t nte tins' evening. An entire change of programme will be presented, and no» doubt those perrons who. patronise the entertnnunent will spend'aiv enjoyable evenktg- 