MISCELLANY. ! , Necessarily ah Arrow-street. — Bow- ' street. ■ Trance-Migration of Soles.—Walking in ■one's deep. Week is a pie like a poet? When it's Browning. ,■ - ^ ■ "What can't betraced mast be sold fresh" ifa'the watchword Of Porkopolis. I The man who was. hemmed in bif a ffowd hasbeen troubled with a stick in his side ever tince. ! A London paper recently announced "a j Sunday evening diaoonrse lor advanced tinkers." i Mask Twain says the Sandwich Islanders are generally as unlettered ss the other side of a tomb straw. Hallowed Memory.—-A Yankee paper an* nouaces the death ot a lady celebrated for the " purity oi her character and complexion." Reckless of orthography, an impassioned swain wrote. "Naty, I lore the well." She replied that she was gladhe dldn t drink liquor. A Mobmon female seminary was recently Started in Salt Lake (Sty, which succeeded very well . until the male principal eloped with and married the whole school, i . Artists have adopted different emblems of | charity. We wonder none of them ever thought ot j a piece -of India-rubber, which gives more than any other substance. A young coloured lady of Philadelphia i wears shoes 17 inches long, and there is so much of her on the ground that she never gets the dampness out of her system. A judge recently on circuit asked a prisoner ; if be had anything to say in defence, when be replied. "I place full reliance upon your lordship's equitation.1* Presumably equity was meant. ■ To Ebb Is Hunan. —A coloured oongregation in Dayton have decided to forgive their; clergyman for betting on three-card manteand losing 90doL of festival money. One of the deacons remarked:—"We is all human, end the game is wavy enticing." Pointed Criticism.—There was once an in dependent aid lady whose comments on the Bible were very pointed. Speaking of Adam's naming til the animus, She said she didn't think he deserved any credit for naming the hog. Anybody would know what to call him. A Clerical " Bull."—An Irish clergyman once broke off the thread of his discourse and thus addressed the congregation:—" Bj dear brethren, let me tell you that I am now just halt through my Bermon ; but, as I perceive your impatience, I wiLI say that the remaining half is no more than a quarter as Jong as that you have heard." The Bonnet of Fashion.—The following inscription was recently found on an unclaimed bonnet box at a railway-station "This box oontams my very best bonnet', Bo porter, I pray you, put nothing upon li lt is made Of * ribbon, a rose, and a leather, With crimp lace and velvet to hold them together." Different Points of View.—Maud (with much sympathy In her voice)—"Only fancy, mamma, Uncle Jack tow us to a picture gallery in Band-street, and there we saw a picture of a lot of early Christians, poor dears, who'd been thrown to a lot of licms and tigers who were devouring them I" Sthel (with still more sympathy)—" Tea, and, mamma dear, there was one poor tiger that hadn't got a Christian.*'—Punch. Journalistic Politeness. — The Paris "Figaro" thus answers an anonymous correspondent:— "A note, written by a female hand, sties us why, in poute society, etiquette allows a lady to pay a visit with her veil down. I really do not know, madame; but I would bet it is the ngiy onesyrboset the fash loo, and that.it is only the pretty women who make in quiries About it." An Embarrassing Demand.—A Vermont SchooUBMtersayB be never felt unequal to any < l» Um UM«if M» iwrfmlwi. wwmMbu im f>llir nnr—ll III when a fanner brought his bouncing fifteen^eS-ch! daughter1 to the school, and walklngup to thenastofr desk, said: "That'smyyoungestgti.andN ever you catch her tiidin* downhill with theboys,! just want you to trounce her." ' " A Highly Conclusive Reason. — While some ntgro-Ddaware Steamboat men urate being paid off, the clerk Inquired of eaohoqe ashe ouneVyto sign the pay ml. "WiUNptt write your name.or "ibdxT The first One btidlm QOtiil write Us nasae, end the pen ens handed him- see," mused the darkle, as he looked up at the dock; " it's novr lO o'clock, and as I've got to meet a feller at the Clty-hiB at moon. I gums I wont writs my name, but FlfptttdownanX.lt % ,«v,. \- wmM * - Td up, helnqf— StiMhl ■toj whole ol it." "Bat he certainly i\Q:wM the urtonished Thompson; "Iknow everyfyot&otit;" bis friend very gravely; "be new »n!d have told yon tt»e end otlt." t f ' n. c ^ . | y I Tifffmw*4w far" feiikAr.—febdtfeftaVwoo the 4ist manager In Peril who filled up h& company with &JZ7St;&sxseer;,sdgs IV.B^JXSSSfSS°JSf!tE£^m£SS ell tot eulrrnwif rnlT-irr ffpcmbriPE rttngastiutoa. ^fedtteggg*! ! Ghobtb.—An AmOriceo literary tfrnflflttrtp,' idler toe nightmare, waste to gtre hie wmarite apoa - lrigb|_Md w^bT tiwm toSr' to ei* oumoee/rbey' alnt afraid or nothing, audwUthang around a ram1 yard as kareleea as a skoolboy will around a norehsed j fn green-apple time. They are Tike a K>dte many Outer, tomes in tote wOrld Soften beard ov, but SetdutnUaea. > I wifigivel6 hundred dpllaiatoeee aghpetjesd^P; doDaxa more to own one; but i. want one k%ught_ whole and not: hurt. IB friend J'hlneasT. flarzmni' will take awboie diove ot themat toe sedhMHfoeJ per ghoot, and. not quarrel about toe.gender 3®ws-„ lore bring your ghosts" y ' , Thet Started t6o 1 High. —Chnck—the*" poyeoalled him Ohuck for short—wm hardly what yen > Would call a hard caae, but he vm fond of a joke, and 1 Seldom cared at whose expense it was perpetrated,' {Returning to H6w Bedford on the steamer was a lkrg* party who bad been orier to attend tbecamp-moettng » at Martha's Vineyard. It was evening, and. naturatiy enough, a number of passengers gathered in the ladS?7 cabin lor divine service, into this crowd Chuck in. , llln*, «' Ten thousand ioee arise,"' when a thrill female voloe - was heard, "Hold on ! you've started it too high 1? There was a dead pause tor a tew seconds, broken at length by the gpod-humoured suggestion oJ Chuck, ■ " Suppose you start her at five thousand !" Amid the general laughter that followed Chuck retired and too meeting came to att end. ; Mb. DisbaeLi aitd Ribawdish. — In ft debate in toe Honse .tf Commons the other day, on {the Irish Coercion Acta, toe Premier was very enter-. Staining in his eritidsni on the efforts of Irish members' to throw doubts Over toe reality of Irish Ribandism. • ffn Mr; Canning's time, ha said, Derides toe disaovery - of a new world, dry ohampognewit invented, aid {Mr. Canning once expressed a desire to tasteit Charles' XlUs, afterwards Lord Beaford, accordingly got .up a. dinner for the purpose of giving Mr. Canning an op portunity of tasting dry champagne. After taking a glass and thinking a moment, the Minister sud,' »• The man who says be lfleesdry champagne, will m; anything." " How, I do not want," sudMr. Disraeli, to enter into a controversy with any of my honour able friends opposite who doubt the existence of Bt-» ■hanSiam, but tois I will say. that the man who main tains that Bihandiem does dot not exist is a man ybp .—ought to drink dry champagne." ; His Hohotjb's Revewcb.—"Abner Wiett' who an you, and why do you stand before me 1" asked" his Honour of the next prisoner. "I'm a plumber.. {and s'poee I was drunk,"* was the reply. "Ah, It does ■me good to seeybur here," continued the Oottrt.' [u Plumber, eh ? One oi those sort of men who agrees [to fix a water-pipe right off, and then gets around .to Ut a week from Saturday'. I'll plumb you before We' Sget through. I've bad you at my bouse, wurthjg: ■three days to mend a pin-hole in a water- pipe, Tya ihad toe bill come in, and paid it, and Jumped on pSy [hat, and solemnly*©wed that I'd get oven «otebditi£~ !r*e had to cany water tour block# for the last mgntjh' (because the plumbers couldn't come and plumb,.and' jn'ow, Abner Weeks/Ill leave it to yourself if-1 on|ht {not to send you up for three months." Abner peu*r idered over the case, and finally said he- thought ftQ. I days was about the figure. "WeU, nisay 8btoybu,.) !«vui pot 90 on the commitment,*' continued.!his: • Honour, "andyoucgnjugueitout wito [upthere.*' , i A Practical Philosopher.—Oa : a ■ i idar. on a Pennsylvania railroad, a belleof kt „ Pennsylvania town, the daughter of a wealthy. Bobber c event. . . . (The MdUr.-faad hem talkingto toe belie, but,** toot somtetoatcynical Pennsylvanian. This latter be^ah. convenatkn by jpolnting to a high mountsin, pagt 'which they were whirling;and said, «Youseethat \- mountain? Sir or tight years wo it was covered with' 1 as fino a forest as ever grew, and worth lOjOOSdoI, an^ upwards. How, without a tree, covered with gtumpg, the land is scarcely worth a cent The net -pradueo icd that monntain Bes over there in that seat," aadhe' i pointed to the recumbent beMe.. " B- has jnst ab-. , sorbed all of that liiniberwhldi her father owned to liaise and educate that girl,pay for her etotkee*hdr ' jewellery, bring her out tu sodety, and rowntain ber than. 8ome of yon young men, jf you were given your choice between the mountain yonder, as ft how' stands, 'and the net ymduto on .that soft, woihd) ; take the net. produce; but, as fat me, give mo toe^ stumpet" " ! Scenebv or Hawah.—" Creation surelVr cannot exhibit a more briliiant green than that wfeWh' i clothee windward Hawaii with perpetual spring.: I ■■ have never seen such verdure. In the final 29 miles, 1 there are more to"1 90 gulches, from 100ft. to 700ft. in depth, each with its cataracts, and wild vagaries of tropial luxuriance- . • This is the pain-, dise of Hawaii. What Honoliiln attempts to be, TTiin is without effort." What, then, mmt »min be?—for this is Honolulu"And be yond toe reef and beyond the blue, nestling among cocoa-nut trees and bananas, umbrella-trees I and bread-fruits, oranges, mangoes, hibiscus, algaroba,' and passion-flowers, almost hidden in toe deep, dense greenery, was Honolulu. Bright blossom of a summer ' sea! Fair Paradise of the Pacific! . . . Each house has a large garden or 'yard,' with lawns of bright perennial greens and banks of blaring, many | tinted flowers, and lines of dracsena,and other foliage plants, with their great purple or crimson leaves, sod clumps of marvellous lilies^ gladlolas, ginger, and i many plants unknown to me. Fences, and walls am ^together buried by paaSton-flowcrs, the nightrblow ; lug Cereus, and the tropcBOlium mixed with geraniums, fuchsia, and jessamine.. vtotsh duster and entenglo , over them in indescribable profusion. A soft air |! moves through toe upper tijaBriw, end toe drip ot water from mlniatare&MtohmfallsimnricsUy; <m toe perfumed air. This is midwinter! The summer, they Say* is toemometriaJlyh^.'tatpra^mlly eoriv, beeause of the regular trades whioh set in m April, but now, with the shaded thmmomeUw at 80deg. ana. ; the sky without clouds, the heat is not oppressive."-— Miss Bird's " Hawaiian Archipelago." The Fibe Xikoc 'oF Kilauea.—In. hn mh cent book on toe " Hawaiian Artolpelago;' MmBtrfr thus describes the view on amvine at the brink w toe crater of this volcano :-"I think woanscremned, I know we Ut wept, hint we vwre^spetehlesft^ * tKs^SnVrortt soul, _ - . ... range of ordinary lffe. . . The .prnraUmit objact itself appeared inde|iMdait; and Uw^s tookji •oulheriy dUectioo,i 5«k*e each outburst of sgUSf Uon there much |>tad ft. Iff amooM foroe. OnimdtiSlSten ' ■ rot^ ^ tak* andmcnariBamm^^ i nearer lake iah^gerair'lh thsoinlie 'ytfj wallowing tttam1' to one Vortex. ' they te^peaied bulita.apwdft till I huge oone BOtk f-*-*- ■> a. 