LITERATURE. Literary Notices. Mß. John JJ. Ingram has done good semce to literature by editing the Work.8 of Edgar Allen Poe, the first volume of which has been published by Adam and Charles Black, of Edinburgh. This work contains a memoir of Poe, which throws quite a new and agreeable light upon Poe's charac ter! but at the same time convicts Mr. Kufus Wil mot Griswold, tho former biographer of Poe, of unpardonable misrepresentation, and even of wil ful falsification of Poe's writings. According to the view that Mr. Ingram takes of Poe's character, the utmost that can be justly said against him is that he led a restless and some what ungoverned life in his youth, and that after lie lost his wife he was occasionally intemperate. In mitigation of this offence against pure morals, Mr. Ingrárn states that Poe's physique was over powered by a very small quantity of wine. All Mr. Griswold's "insinuations about an offence so dark that it cannot even be named, about Poe's ingratitude to those who had been kind to him, about his neglect of his employers'interests, and about the reasons why Ins second intended mar riage was broken off, are declared by Mr. Ingram to bo without any foundation whatever in fact. The fair fame of poor Poe is thus rescued from the infamy with windin, careless and perhaps malicious editor sought to invest it, and the poet is shown to bo not a poetic ogre, but a devoted husband and son-in-law, faithful to his engagements, and a man who, with the exception of a short period of groat misery, led an abstemious, industrious, and regular life. Many people have been led away by Mr. Griswold's statements to believe just the contrary of this respecting Poe's character, and have fan cied that the gruesome strain of some of his stories sprang out of a corresponding strain in the tale writer's nature. But this is obviously a mistaken view of tho subject. Over many minds the hor rible, the grotesque, the gruesome, exert a strange fascination and power. Are we to suppose that the Hawthomes, Dr. O. W. Holmes, and others beside Poe, were all bad men, because their imagi nations joyously rioted amongst gruesome topics. The tale respecting the imaginary influence of mesmerism in preserving the body from decay for months after death. The story of " Ligeia," who believed that will ought to conquer death, but nevertheless died of consumption, then haunted her successor, tho second wife, until the latter died from sheer oppression of spirits, her organism becoming re-animated by the haunting ghost which had killed her; and the stories of "Morella," "The Imp of the Perverse," and "The Tell Tale' Heart," are marked examples of Poe's power of painting the ghastly and the weird. The following sample of his power of painting has often been quoted, and is found in the tale wherein the hero commits a murder by means of a poi soned candle, and then revels in the murdered man's riches, »nd specially in the belief that he has committed the crime so secretly that he is secure from punishment. But a Nemesis over takes him One day whilst sauntering along the streets I arrested my self In the not of murmuring lialf-nloud these ouatomnry syllable.. In a flt of petulance I remodelled them thus : VI am safo-I am safe-yes, if I be not fool enough to make open confession 1" Nb sooner had I spoken these words than I felt an loy chill creep to my heart. I had had soma ex perience in tlieaoUta ot perversity (whose nature I have been ataoino trouble to explain), andi remembered well that lu no instance I had successfully resisted their attacks ; and now my own oasual self-suggestion that I might possibly be fool enough to confess the murder of whioli I bad been guilty con fronted me, as if the very ghost of him whom I had mur dured-and beokoned me on to death. At first I made an effort to shake off this nlghtmaro of tho soul. I walked vigo rously, fastor, still faster, at length I ran. I felt a madden ing desiro to shriek aloud. Every succeeding wave of thought overwhelmed ma with now terror, for, alas 1 i well, too w.ll, understood that to think in my situation was to be losf. I still qulokened my paco. I bounded like a madman through the crowded thoroughfares. At lem th the populace took the alarm and pursued me. I felt then tho consummation of my fate. Gould I have torn out my tongue I would have done it -but a rough voice resounded io my ears-a rougher grasp seized me by the shoulder. I turned-I gasped for breath. Por a moment I experienced ali the pangs of suffocation ; I became blind, and deaf, and giddy ; and then some invisible fiend. I thought, struck mo with his broad palm upon the back. The lonr-im prisoned soorot burst forth from my soul. Tlioy say that I spoke with a distinct enunciation, but with marked omphasls and passionate hurry, as if in dread of in terruption before concluding tho brief but pregnant sentences that conslgnod me to the hangman and to hell. We rejoice that Mr. Ingram has lifted the black cloud from off Poe's fame. Thibaut iii his Reinheit der Tonkunst condemns the narrow-mindedness displayed by tho Germans in ignoring the claims of all styles of music save that of German origin. This national or local pride, he says, tends to seriously interfere with the just appreciation of the works of foreign clas sical composers : Everything German Ia now blindly worshipped by Gor mans, certainly with the boitof intentions, but seldom with good taste or reflection; and I know certain highly honour able young mon who will not hear of nny but Geriunn oom positions and German pictures. This well meant severity may be quite tolerable when it is a question of actu ally drawing the sword in defence of one's country, but it is utterly absurd ns regards science nnd art In general, and music in' particular: German mtislo can boast of many glorious works whloh cannot bo surpassed ; but Italian mimic, on the other hand, isa» flill ot genius, so melodious, so olmniotorhtlo, so completely the rellox of the perpetual blue sky, which Booms always to lend a supernatural oharm toan works of art lu Italy, that it conld only bo tho dullest and most national of prosaic Germans who wou'd attack the German ohefs-d'-oouvro. or who on account of the beauties ot his nativo illaok Forest or Hartz Mountains, woul'l refuse to ta ke a journey to Naples or Sicily. The national narrow-mindedness which is too much encouraged in Germany at present, with a view oE rendering the Germana more thoroughly national than they are, is quite incompatible with fi just appreciation of the works of great com posers. The music ol' overy nation is distinguished by beauties of its own, and the value of oaeh work should be critically estimated according to its merits, and not by comparing it with the works of another author. Works of the Handelian, Mozartian, or Verdian type ought not to be pro nounced valueless, merely because they do not come up to the particular standard which the critic regards as the most excellent. French, Ger man, English, Scotch, Irish, and Italian melodies are beautiful or the reverse, not on account of their nationality, but on account of their intriasic merits or demerits. The publication of such works as Chappell's "History of Music" tends to remove the narrow mindedness referred to. The first volume of this great work has been published by Chappell and Co., and the work itself has been written bv W. Chappell, F.S.A., a member, we believe, of the Arm. The volume under notice treats of the his tory of music as a science and an art, from the earliest records to the fall of the Roman Empire. Those who have studied Mr. Chappell's previously published work on the " Ballad Literature of the Olden Time," will freely admit that his qualifica tions as a musical antiquarian and historian are undoubted. He writes in a clear, pleasant, and rather popular , style, and is as free from the pedanty of learning as his subject would permit him to be. We regret that a considerable portion of his work consists in attacking the works of others, and in demonstrating, as he thinks, their fallacy. He vigorously criticises the works of Sir John Hawkins and Dr. Burney, and shows that the qualifications of both these writei'3 were not sufficient to enable them to do justice to the his tory of ancient music. Speaking of the history written by Sir John Hawkins, he says: Tho plan of Sir John Hawkins was too elaborate. It com bined tho biography of musicians and the bibliography of muslo with the history of the art.In pursuance of this triple design. Slr John discusses the merits of author after author, and of book after book, just as he might take them In chronological order from theshelvesof his extensivo and valuablemuslcallibrory. He addsan analysis of each work, but it is too slight to embrace soma of tho most important points. His history thus becomes of a very desultory oharaotor ; and it involves much repetition, because tho samo subjeots and the samo branches of the art are treated on by authors of very different dates. The plan is as fatal to oondonsation as to oontlnalty of subjeot ; and thus Sir John has supplied a book of reference containing stores of materials for history, rather than one oonseoutive and well di gosted whole.Sir John had found that e could not understand anoient Greek muslo, and my im pression is that he had not. leaant the Greek language which wonld sufficiently account for it. He therefore contented himself with giving an Impartial statement of the different opinions willoh have prevailed amongst the moderns. In this, whether from a desire to demonstrate the obscurity of the subject, or from unwillingness to trouble himself with i the translation of technical words whloh he might not un j derstand, ho wrote quite unintelligibly for general readers, I By passing over technical words, and even other* which wore not limited to technical uso, ho rn ¡sod grave doubts as to tho sufficiency of his schloarshlp. Ho augliuisad Greek words ; and no one but a Greek scholar could understand them, be cause they had not benn admitted into tho English language. Sometimes, indeed, ho added notes to explain these words, but the notes wore not always intelligible. He delinea a monochord as consisting nt one tiling stretched over two "Jmngades," these aro simply bridges ; again, of diastemB, meaning intervals ; and he gives such charmingly long wordB as sesquldeolmasoptinia ratio instead of the ratio pf 18 to 17. In gthi? style does our author demolish the the structures raised by Sir John Hawkins and Dr, Burney, and even the moro modern ones erected by Helmholtz, and Tyndall. He objects altogether to the " difference tones" and " resul tant tones" of these latter writers, and accuses Helmholtz of undue haste, and of not knowing the difference between consonance and dissonance. By showing that there are two kinds of fourth, he obviously wishes his readers to understand that the Gorman philosopher is ignorant of the fact. As both Helmholtz and Tyndall are veritable Popes in tho musical vatican, this attack upon their infallibility will no doubt call out a number of defenders. The most interesting points brought out, more or less clearly, in tho present work appear to be 1\. Tho Greek octavo system of tuning tho lyro from A to A was identical with the modern minor scale of A, but the octave scale was not from A to A, but from E to E, the keynote being in the middle ¡ of the scale, whence it derived its name mese. 2\. The keynote is of vast importance. Aris totle says that all good composers frequently use the keynote. 3\. The author says that in the disjunct or octave system, hypate, the lowest string, was E, and that mese, the keynote, waa A. He affords no proof of thia. 4\. The Greek modes differed in nothing but pitch, and our author says, contrary to the gener ally received opinion, that the apparent difference in the position of the semitones m the octave arose merely from the octaves beginning on a different part of the scale. 5\. The practice of harmony to a moderate ex tent was known to the Greeks and the ancients generally. He gives a picture of an ancient Egyp tian band belonging to an Egyptian named Tehben, copied from the Pyramids of Gizeh, in which there appears one flute player and two pipers, all playing on instruments of different lengths. He supposes from this that the Egyp tians were acquainted with the lower forms of instrumental harmony, but his proofs only render the supposition that they were so acquainted pro bable. The four chapter* devoted to the subject of ancient musical instruments contain many curi ous facts, and are copiously illustrated by en gravings. The remaining volumes of this great work will be written by various authors. Dr. Ginsburg, one of the committee for the revision of the Old Testament, and said to be a profound Hebrew scholar, is to write the second volume, which will treat of Hebrew( music ; Mr. Chappell will write the third volume on the music of the middle ages ; and Dr. Riinbault will write a new history j of modern music, which will bring the history of the art from the date at which Mr. Chappell leaves off down to the present day. The work will be so copious, and so accurate a history of musical I art in all its branches, that no musical library will be complete without it, and it ia sure to command a most extensive sale. We quite agree with Mr. I Chappell's eloquent plea for the divine art Music ls incomparably the most original of arts : it is the pure creation of human intellect. Music is the perfection of an art, for it has no evil tendenoy. Musio has a for greater and more immediate influence upon the mind than any other art. And yet since the melancholy advent of puritan gloom over England tho cultivation of the eye has far exceeded that of the more delicate organ the ear. Whit other art than muslo oan claim to induce cheerfulness, to soothe alike the exalted, tho overburdened, and the overworked mind ; and to havo tho power of raising tho spirits to far as even to war like emotion? .To bring up a ohild from in fancy to hear and love musio is to add a new plensure to its life. The tanto is one which ne vor dies away. Indeed musio may bo cultivated to any extent, and affords new pleasures at every stage of cultivation. Beginning with the simplest sounds, one at a timo, the oar is gradually lcd on to tho ap preciation of many simultaneous movements io tho most delicate and even intricato combinations of sound. Tho in fant is perhaps susceptible to the powers of music, but this gift of natnro is too often put aside aud neglected, until sus ceptibility is so much diminished that complaints aro made of bad ears for music, These bad ears are generally recover able if tho neglect lins not been too tong continued. Upon this point 1 can speak with certain knowledgo. But there are oases in which, through lon« neglect, susceptibility does pass away, and then, in nfter life, musio becomes tantalising, or even irksomo. Such mea «re to be pitied. Too often their dispositions become morose, er we read of shattorod nerves unnblo to bear music, to which it ought to have been tho graitest comfort: purliupn, also, of a statistical increase of in sanity. It aid increase largely in the days of tho first de scendants of tho Pnrilaus, for whoso special requirements New Bethlem or Bedlam was built. Musio is now found to be so great a enluce to tho insane ai to be almost universally adopted in their treatment. Let the irritable man console himself with muslo, ns did Achilles with his lyro. The German Handel Society have published dur ing last year, being the fourteenth year of the publication of Handel's works, Ave of his operas, namely, Agrippina, Rinaldo, Jeseo, Amadigi, and Muzio Scevola. Agrippina was first produced at Venice in 1709. The composer has made large uee of his previous compositions in this work. Rinaldo, the finest of Handel's operas, was the first opera he wrote for London. It contains many novelties, particularly a solo for the violin, with obligati accompaniment for tho bassoon, and some martial music written for four trumpets and drums. Many of the songs are truly beautiful, Jeseo is the only one of Handel's operas in five acts, and is more original than most of his operas. In the overture to Amadigi the tendency of Han del's genius to produce contrasts between wind and stringed instruments is conspicuously displayed. In a few more years all the works of this great master will be in the hands of the subscribers to this society. 