T H E , N O V E L I S T . THREE NIGHTS OF HORROR. A TALE POUNDED ON FACT. CHAPTER I. ""Wake, dearest, wake."—MBS. BROWK. •WORN out with a hard day's and a hard night's work in preparing letters for the mail, Mr. Montgomery Brown was about as tired as a man could be when he reached his modest suburban home, and let himself into his house by means of a latch-key, just as the post office clock, two miles distant, was proclaiming the fact that it was exactly twelve o'clock at night. Weary as he was, Brown neglected nothing that a careful householder should see to. First taking off his boots to avoid disturbing the slumbering household, he made a careful inspection of all the downstairs windows to be satisfied they were fastened. He took in the mat and scraper, turned off the gas, put the chain on the hall door, saw that the back door was locked, and then slowly and cautiously ascended the stairs in his stocking feet. • He was a well-trained husband, was Montgomery Brown, and one of the tricks he had learned best was getting into bed without waiving his wife. 80 successful was he on the present occasion: that within a quarter of an hour of his entering the house he had his head on his pillow, and in five minutes more was plunged in a sweet sleep. How long he slept he knew not at the time : it seemed to him '-not: five minutes—it was probably he afterwards discovered about two hours—when an irresistible impulse was put upon him to awake. For alo^g time he struggled with it. Ever he thought that close and near; a woman's voice was in his ear, whispering in anguish " Brown, my dear!" He turned his back to the disturbing sounds, and tried-to sleep them down. This he might have done had the efforts to disturb him been confined to whispering ;. but following it, and with a force that every moment became greater, came kicks, pinches, and frenzied clutches at his hair. Yielding at length to the irresistible with the best grace he could command, he turned to his wife and said, "What the mischief do you go pulling a fellow about like that for ?" " Oh, Brown !" she murmured in his ear, " we'll be murdered in onr beds. You must have left, the hall door open : there is a burglar in the room 1" " Nonsense, Jenny," replied Brown, " I saw everything securely fastened up. You must have been dreaming. Do, for Heaven's sake, go asleep again and let me do the same." " I was not dreaming, Brown," she answered, " I distinctly saw the curtain move in the moonlight, and heard steps in the room. Whatever will we do J" He didn't believe a word of it. and was just about to say so when with a crash, that in the silence of the house sounded like thundei', a glass fell from the waslihand stand on the floor, and broke into pieces. Brown felt himself clutched by his wife with a grip of iron under the bed clothes, and with the honesty of true courage he afterwards acknowledged that hie own hair stiffened and a peculiar creeping sensation ran through him when he was thus made aware that there was some foundation for his wife's fears. " Hadn't we better pray, Brown ?" she stammered out. " Don't be absurd, Jenny," he replied, in a voice that he tried to keep brave. " It's just as likely as not it's the cat." Saying which he stretched out his hand to the table at the head of the bed, seized the matches, and as.quickly as the shaking of his hand would permit, struck one, and lit the candle. As the darkness disappeared his courage began to return. He felt that it was,-due to his manhood that an inquiry should Tie made into the mysterious noises, so he jumped out of "bed, and in less than a minute had explored every corner of the bedroom. But neither under the bed, nor the baby's cot, nor behind .the curtains, nor in the wardrobe, nor anywhere in the room, could anything be seen. " I told you so," he said triumphantly, " it must have been the cat," and Jie prepared to return to bed. " I locked the cat in the kitchen myself, at 10 o'clock," said Mr 8 Brown. " Besides, if it was the cat where is she V " I'll go down and see if she's there," said her husband. And lea re me by myself .'"screamed Ms wife. " I wouldn't stay here for the world. I'll go too V' . They both went. He first, in a long flowing nightdress ; she following in another. They examined every room as they went, and even, encouraged by 1 ha snoring of the general servant, entered her apartment, and made ihemselve3 sure that no burglar was secreted there. TLU.y tried the kitchen last of all, and found there stretched upon the hearthstone live young cat that Brown hadaccused of disturbing their rest. " It is now evident, my dear." said lie to his wife, whose teeth were chattering violently with cold and fear, that the cat was not the culprit. It was not a man. or we would have found bin : it was not the cat. for we have found her J it must then have been a rat!" • Oh* Montgomery, my husband, f&y; not BO!"-cried, the unhappy woman. ; " Anything in the world rather than a rat!" " T fear it was a rat," he continued, " and we had better take pussy up with us. The very smell of Jier will frighten - the beast away You cavry her and I'll carry the c^tidle." Bi'owu had a well-grounded fear of wh&t; ; 3h§ consequences would be if lie tcok a cat. in his arm with no plotliing isn him but a niglit- • shirt He v a*, 011c of those men by no means rare in the world, who would.rather have had his wife scratched than himself. CHAPTER II. " I wou^d not pass another such a niglit _-. v Though ;twere to buy a world ot happy days."—SHAKESPEARE. IT is-a far easier thing to have your rest thoroughly well broken at night than to have the damages repaired. A man may be awoke in a, minute to an extent that it will take an hour or two to set to rights. The more indignant one is at being disburbed on a trifling pretext, and the more resolutely one resolves upon going asleep again immediately, the harder cue finds it to carry out the idea. Montgomery Brown was so indignant with his wife for awaking him, that he sulkily declined to enter into any speculations as to the causes that led to their nocturnal perambulation of the house, and turned his back upon her with a stern determination to sleep. Wishing however for a blessing is one thing: getting it is quite another. Nursing a fierce feeling of wrath against one's wife is certainly not the way to go about wooing, the drowsy god. J And it certainly does not improve matters to hear with painful distinctness, at regular intervals of three minutes, that wife give vent either to a suppressed sigh or a half-smothered sob. Brown nursed wrath against his wife, and had to listen to her sighing and sobbing. Very little more of this, and he^ would have taken his share of the bedclothes, and sought a refuge on the drawingroom sofa. He was, in fact, meditating this, and -wondering whether he would take the counterpane or the double blanket, when events occurred that drove all ideas of flight out of his mind. It was about half-past 3 o'clock in the morning. The cold light of the wintei\moon shone upon the floor through the Venetian blinds that had been left half open; and every time Brown opened his eyes heV half-expected to see ghosts fliit':'.- r.bout in the pale and wend moonshine that filled the room. His wife had just given one sigh, so deep, so sad, so woebegone, that his resolution was taken; and he was. turning over in his mind the words by, which he would inform her that he must depart, when a strange and unearthly noise in the chamber caused them both to start up in the bed. and, with straining ears and dilated tyes, seek to unravel themystery. There was first a wild yell as though some animal were in the last extremity oi terror, then a fierce and angry squeak: from under their very bed, and then a hurried scuffle and rush from one end of *he room to the other. As their eyes grew accustomed to the dim light, they could catch fleeting glimpses of their craven cat dashing about the room; at one moment with back arched and tail erect spitting and swearing at some unseen foe, and the next swiftly coursing round the chamber as if its life depended on its speed. . . _ At the same moment they both caught sight of the Thing that had taken possession of their premises. " My worst fears are realised," cried Mrs. Brown throwing her arm* round her husband, " it is a Tat J See! There it goes byth'e drawers, and pussy is running away from it!" " Well, I told you it was a rat," said Brown. " But it can do us no harm. Try and compose yourself to go to sleep. The cat will kill it in time." " Sleep in a room with a rat ? I tell you, Brown, I will go mad if you do not destroy the monster 1 For pity's sake get up and kill it!" Brown is not a coward as men go ; but the idea of getting out of bed and, in bare legs, joining in a conflict between a cat and a rat overcame him. " See here, Jenny," said he, with great deliberation, "if you talk of going mad, I will go down to the sofa and leave you to fight it out yourself with these two beasts, both of whom appear to me to be mad likewise. We know now what it is, and I declare solemnly, once for all. that if you disturb me again I will leave the room. It is all very well for you: you can sleep through the day, but I have work to do. Either go to sleep or say good- bye to me till morning!" The fear of being left alone proved stronger than the fear of the rat. Notwii hstanding the xow that still continued in the bedroom, poor Brown was allotted to drop off into an uneasy sleep. 