line |k§m PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am in the plueo where 1 am dcmtnilod of conâctonce to speak tlio truth, and, thacforo, tho truth I speak, Impugn It whoso list, ' TO CORItj.SPONDENTS. Lottere and other communications intended for in scrtlon in the nowa columns should bo addressed to TUP EDITOR Rejected communications cannot be returned undoi any circumstances whatever No notice can bo talten ol ano.. jmouB communications Every letter must be accompanied by the name aud address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but OB a guarantco of good faith To avoid inconvcn.onco and away to personBintcreatod Via lm\o to request ttmt Ml business communie* tfons, including advertisements, orders for the Eapcr, and remittances, bo addressed to WILSON aud [¿CKIMVOH, and not to TUB hnii m MONDAY, JANUARY 4, 1875. The last mail brought us full in- formation concerning the efforts Mr. TALLERMAN is making to force our pre- served meats upon the notice of the labouring classes of Great Britain. In a circular letter prepared for distribu- tion amongst those who exhibit any desire to take part in the movement, Mr. TALLERMAN states that his efforts to ex- tend their use have been so far success- ful that " the importations of the meats " have rapidly risen in a few years, till " they havo reached the extent of 17,000 " tous per annum"-a very sensible in- crease, one would think, to tho food supplies of the United Kingdom. But while those engaged in the trade aro well satisfied with the progress thus made, they cannot avoid remarking " the " inexplicable fact" that while the middle and upper classes take kindly to these savoury preparations, the working folk can hardly be persuaded to give them a trial. " Many reasons," says Mr. TALLERMAN, " have been alleged as to " the cause of the abstention of the " working classes from consuming a " portion of the importation referred to, " but my experience, founded upon " extended personal observation, has led " me to the conclusion that it arises " solely from a want of knowledge " of the quality, character, and oconomi " calvalueof the moats as HOW imported." In order to dispel prejudice, and give the poorer classes an opportunity of proving 1 by experiment the wholesome and appe- tising nature of the food on which they so foolishly turn their backs, Mr. TAL- LERMAN has organised a series of meet- ings in tho various largo centres of population throughout England and Scotland. Wo published the other day an account of a dinner given to a numerous company of labour- ing men and their wives at tho Craven-rooms, Chester-street, Birken- head. Others were to follow at the London and Lambeth Baths, Maid- stone, Crowo, Banbury, Oldham, Bury, Rochdale, Birmingham, Wal- sall, Hanley, Coventry, Lincoln, Loughborough, Glasgow, Edinburgh, Sunderland, Liverpool, and other places. In this enterprise, which ia most surely philanthropic as well as commercial, Mr, TALLERMAN is assisted by an influential central committee, which in its turn is " aided by the co-oporation of local com " mittecs . . . formed in the dis " tricts where the meetings are held." The whole of the arrangements are made on thoroughly business principles. The central committee determines what places aro to bo visited, and busies itself in securing tho attendance of persons of influence and position to act as speakers. Tho local committees, in conjunc- tion with the central committee, fix "the place and dato of meeting, tho " course of procedure, selection of chair "man, speakers, andgueats, and the de " termination and liquidation of necos ' " sary disbursements." It is suggestod that the local committee should consist as far as possible of " official members " of trades' councils, workmen's clubs, " friendly societies, co-operative and " other labour organisations, with the " addition of such other porsons of ir_ " fluence in the district as are interested " in the social progress and welfare of " the working-classes." For chairmen, Parliamentary representatives, (leading omployors of labour, medical and hoalth officers, or other prominent local men aro recommended. All allusions to politics aro to bo discouraged, as tho movement is intended solely as a social ono. As it is desired to spread a know- ledge of those imported viands far and wide, groat stress is laid on tho impor- tance of obtaining gatherings of as re- presentative a character as possiblo. With this view, local committees are in- vited to soloct tho guests, _not from amongst thoso who can most readily bo got together, but from official mombors of tho trades, friendly and other social organisations, foremen of largo works, ita, and, above all things, to ask thoir wives. The following is the course of procedure which Mr. TALLER- MAN recommends as desirable at these meetings. When tho guests aro seated ho briefly explains the object of the gathering, character of the meats, mode of opening tins, preparing, aud serving. " Hot vegetables," he says, " will bo provided where convenient ; " but the tins will be opened and the " meat served as it is imported without " any further cooking." This is a son siblo arrangement, wo think, for if the meats were cooked again, people would bo apt to think that their flavour had been disguised, and their quality par- tially concealed in the operation. " From five to seven courses will bo " served separately, and as each is " introduced, its characteristics will " bo explained. Visitors will thus " be enabled to discuss the qualities of " each dish, and to record their opinion " upon a form of report with which they " will be provided." In addition to the meats submitted for trial, tea, coffeo, Australian fruits, preserves, jams, and, where practicable, soups are provided, so that nothing is wanting to complete a wholesome, substantial, and savoury meal. As may be imagined, such an enter- prise as that in which Mr. TALLEKMAN is engaged cannot be carried on without a largo expenditure of money. We are informed that this energetic gen- tleman is spending over ,£1,000 of his own over these entertainments. He espe- cially mentions that all the expenditure increased is borne by himself without any assistance from the central com- mittee-beyond its valuable services or the company with which ho is con- nected. Ho pays for hire of halls and lighting, preparation of tea and coffee, cooking, vegetables, pickles, bread, etc., incidental expenses connected with cor- respondence, and for printing and ad- vertising. It may be easily imagined that these items, combined with the cost of travelling, speedily run away with very considerable amounts. Of course it may be said that Mr. TALLERMAN is not wholly disinterested in the matter -that in thus seeking to popularise { tho use of Australian preserved meats, ho looks for a roward hereafter in the increased consumption which would follow their adoption by the masses. This is undoubtedly true, but at the same time it cannot bo denied that he is at his own expense, and at the risk of failure, endeavouring to benefit two classes, viz., the consumers and the growers of meat. The formor will repay Mm, if only they will consent to benefit themselves by substituting Australian meat in their dietaries at 7d. per lb., for English do. at Is. 4d. Tho latter may strengthen his hands, and also advanced their own in- terests, by taking a few shares in his "Aus " tralian Meat Agency Company," thus enabling it to extend its operations. It appears that this company is in itself a paying concern, a dividend having been declared recently at the rato of 10 per cent, per annum. It is, however, to its indirect more than to its direct returns that Australian graziers should look. If once the preserved meats of Australia get fail ly established amongst the masses of the mother country as a regular article of diet, live stock will always bo saleable in this market at profitable prices. _ As is not uufrequently the case, a dark horse has won the stakes for which so many competitors have boen contending in Spain. But tho elevation of DON ALI'O>'.SO to the throne of that country was not altogether unforeseen by some of tho watchful representatives of the English press in the Peninsula. The Times,' correspondent, writing from Hendayo, on the lDth of October last, states that what the Spanish Conservatives-who aro not to be con- founded with the Legitimists and Ultra montani8ts-have been aiming at is, to rescue tho nation from tho condition of anarchy into which it has been rapidly falling. Republicanism has been irre- trievably damaged by the excesses of tho Internationalists and tho Can tonalistsj and Carlism has rendered it- self thoroughly hateful in the estima- tion of the people by the atrocities of the Ultramontane priests and of the marauders who have boen carrying on their work of butchery and brigandage in tho name of tho Pretender. What the Spanish Conservatives desire to see established is a constitutional monarchy. They aro tired of " Looking over wasted landa, Clanging ßghtB, and flaming towns, and Binking ships, and praying hands." Tho helm of tho state vessel has been seized upon by one rash and incompe- tent hand after another ; and most of them have held it sufficiently long to demonstrate their ignorance and im- becility. Spain has had a succession of Governments which did not govern, and of Adniinistrations with nothing to ad- minister. The time for a chango has at longth arrived, and tho objects and tactics of the Conservatives are thus oxplainod by The Thus' correspondent on tho Spanish frontier : "Thoy uso Don Carlos as the host instru- ment whereby thoy may bring in Don Alfonso. The line, thoy think, must be drawn somewhere. Don Carlos would bring Spain back to the darkeBt days of Ferdinand VII. So far the Conservatism which is now gaining ascendency in Europe is by no means disposed to go. They do not think they neod go further than one Btep back. The consti. tutionalism of Louis Philippe and of Queen Isabella, at least in ita carliost period, is tho best basis on which, according to their viowa, tho experiment of a new social element may bo tried. In the opinion of most porsons I met here, French or Spanish, the boat chances for Spain lie in a restoration of tho non of Queen Isabella. Tho Alfonsists aro a very rralot, unenterprising, undemon- strative set ; but they carry on their gamo with conBummato address, and think it would he madness on their part to show their carda while both tho Carlista and the Republicans so obligingly play into their hands." The young Prince of ASTURIAS, now King of Spain, as tho son of ISABELLA the Second, comos of a bad stock ; but Englishmen will remember that the Princess CHARLOTTE, who was univer- sally boloved, was tho daughter of GEORGE the Fourth and of Queen CARO- LINE. It must also bo borno in mind that the Prince, like the Duke of GENOA and tho Princo Imperial of Franco, has boon oxposcd to tho freo air and bracing influences of an English public school-one of tho best possible conntoractives to that narrowness of viow, that ogrogious Benao of solf importanco, and that rigidity of character, bigotry of belief, and arbi trariness of conduct, natural to all those who havo been bom in tho purple It is said that the entry of tho Frinco of ASTUBIAS as a cadet at the Rojal Military College, Sandhurst, was sug- gested to tho ox-Queen of SPAIN by Senor CANOVAS DEL CASTILLO, who is described as "ono of tho wisest and " most honourable statesmen in Spain, " and who alono could havo saved the " infatuated QUEEN from tho catastrophe " of 18G8, had his advice beon attondod " to." It seems to bo tho destiny of England to become the training-school of men who aro afterwards destined to play an im- portant part on the great stage of conti- nental politics. Louis PHILIPPE spenttho maturest poriodof his lifothoro,bofore his return to Franco in 1827 ; Prince LEO TOLD, afterwards King of the Belgians, received his political education in the mother country, and was afterwards enabled lo bestow upon Hint MAJESTY tho instruction and advice which ho had received from the illustrious statesmen who were his seniors and contemporaries; and the late Emperor of .the FRENCH conceivedaudnourished in England those Idées Napoléoniennes which he subse- quently reduced to practice with vary- ing success. Whether the sons of the three Indies, the Empress EUGENIE, ISABELLA the Second, and tho Duchess of GENOA, are intended to become con- spicuous characters in the last quarter of the nineteenth century remains to be seen ; but, in any event, they can scarcely fail to benofit by having been subjected in early life to the levelling usages and wholesome discipline of an English public school. It would be, perhaps, premature to speculate upon the hand-if any which the German Chancellor has had in promoting the elevation of Don AtroN'so to the throne of Spain. In every point of view the incident would appear to be in perfect consonance with the views and interests of Germany. Theso are necessarily opposed to the pretensions of Don CARLOS, because his cause and that of Ultramontanism aro one. Nomoro striking proof of thiscan bo adduced than the fact that in the Basque College which ho has just opened at Vergara, "the professors have been " bound by oath to uphold the dogma of tho Immaculate Conception, Papal " Infallibility, the Encyclic quanta eura, " and the Syllabus annexed to it, re " proving and condemning all the errors " of our ago, and especially its so-called " liberalism." Prince BISMARCK would be hardly less averse, we may well be- lieve, to seeing a French Prince on the Spanish throno in the person of tho Due de MONTPENSIEII, as this might lead to the effacement of the Pyrenees, politi- cally speaking, in the event of the restoration of the French mo- narchy in the person of HENRY the Fifth, or of the Comte DE PARIS. Neither can the Chancellor desire that Spain should continue to be a prey to anarchy and, as such, impotent to con- tract an alliance with any foreign power. But with a atablo Government at Ma- drid, independent alike of the Vatican and Versailles, it might bo the policy of Germany to contract political and com- mercial relations of such a character as would enable the founder of the new German Empire to menace Franco, in the event of another war, with haras- sing attacks on her Pyrenean frontier, as also on the Atlantic and Mediterranean seaboard. In the absence, therefore, of any proof of Princo BISMARCK'S com- plicity in this sudden and startling turn of events in Spain, wo are disposed to infer that he is not altogether a stranger to the circumstances by which it has been brought about. But if he be, why, then, it must bo said that " the " stars in their courses fight against" his enemies. Wo havo on several occasions had the pleasure of advocating tho claims of the Ballarat School of Minos to public sup- port. It is true that the institution in question is by no means all that it should be, but wo havo been anxious to assist an attempt, bravely made, with a view, to supply a great want. Everyone must have been aware that a thing of the sort could not bo es'ablishod in a day, but a satisfactory commoncomont was made, and means only havo boen required to give the Boheme satisfactory develop- ment. Already, with vory inadequate appliances, a groat deal of good has been dono, and the existence of a need clearly demonstrated. On several occasions the woll-founded claims of tho school on tho Treasury havo boon brought undor tho notice of Parliament, but owing, we imagino, to tho oxiatonco of some ghost of a mining institute at Sandhurst, in which Mr. MACKAY is no doubt greatly intoreated, in virtue of his offico aa re- presentative of that borough, no sub- stantial aid has been forthcoming. Tho dopartmont has preferred to fritter away tho amount available over sevoral un- satisfactory establishments, instead of devoting the sum to the iservico of one really effective and complete school. Fail- ing to secure anything liko adoquato assistance from the Government, tho council of tho school waa callod on to consider whether it would close tho doors, and abandon a hopoless task, or whether it " should make an appeal to the private " munificence of the men of wealth to " assist the school on such a scale of " liborality as should placo it on a " permanent footing." Luckily, and pluckily too, wo think the gentlo nion who havo intoroatod thomaolvoa in the matter, decided on taking the latter course, and their manifesto ap- peared in our isauo of Saturday last. Wo would direct the attention of all thoso who aro ablo to forward the objoct in view to tho interesting statements it con- tains. It will also well repay the perusal of ovory one who takes an intorost in the development of our resources. Tho wealthy men of the country should re- member that the mining interest is just now in a vory depressod condition, and consequently that all othors aro nocos sarily suffering. When our gold-Holds aro productivo, tho benefit is felt through- out tho community-merchants, land- owners, squattors, &c;, coming in for their share. Nothing is moro likely to permanently increase tho yield of the precious metal, both by the rliscovery of now workings and tho moro oflioiont managomont of old, than a supply of properly-trained hands of all descriptions, so that in a selfish point of viow they aro interested in supporting Buch an institu- tion as that on whoso behalf wo plead. It must also bo romombered that, m tho opinion of his Honour Judgo ROGERS, "founded on an experience of 17 years," tho foundation of a satisfactory Behool of mines " would do moro in a fow yoars to " put a stop to the waste of lifo, so foar " fully to be regretted," than any legisla- tion which Parliament could devise. If tho comical sido of tho history of inventions ovor COIUOB to bo written, it will bo found to contain soino vory curious things. Times out of numbor tho most troublesome mechanical problems havo been solved in a ludi- crously "implo manner. One suoh case has just como to light. As our reader know, tho invontivoucsB of tho agricul- tural implement makers of the world hu i bran engaged for yoars past in an en- deavour to produco an ongino that would bind corn into Bhoavea besides cutting it down. In Australia, particularly, tho search aftor an ongino of this kind ins been anxious and persistent, but without any result worth mentioning. If, how- ever, tho accounts wo hear of an American harvcBting-machino which has boen at work near UochcBtor, in tho Bondigo district, for Borne timo past ave correct, the difficulty has boen ovoreomo by foreign talent, and in a quito unexpected manner. There is no longer any need for a mechanical binder, because tho corn docs not require to bo bound at all. It ia carried to the stack loose, like hay. Four horses propel the cutting-machino and also elevators, which lift tho cut corn, and empty it into a two-horse waggon travelling by ita side. In tho Kochester experiment three pairs of waggon horses wore employed-it ia not stated how far the stackyard was from tho corn- field-which mado ton horses in nil. With tho aid of tho machine and these ten horses, nino men cut down, carriod, and stacked 35 acron of wheal per day, which is undeniably good work. If further oxperionco confirms tho good ac- counts of this new American harvesting engine-the " Hains Header " it is oallod, and ÜB namo Bhould not be concealed our farmers will bo rendered loss de- pendent upon tho caprice of the working man or the ignorance and grcod of tho anti-immigrationist. The R.M.S.S. Pera, with the European mail for Australia, left Calle on the 19tU December. She will probably be heard of at Adelaide on Thursday. Mr. Sadleir, police inspector in charge of the Melbourne division, ia about to proceed to Mansfield, aa superintendent. His pro motion has not yet been gazetted, bat pro- bably will bo in a week or two. Mr. Wm. Wilson and Mr. It. D. Reid, late of Eldorado, announce in our advertising columiiB that they are candidates for the Eastern Province. Recently, upon tho recommendation of Mr. Hoad, the superintendent of fire brigades, an electric wire was stretched from the Lands oil co to tho uro brigade station, ao that in the event of a fire breaking out an instantaneous alarm can be given by the ringing of a bell. Mr. Hoad baa also recom- mended that a wire Bhould be stretched to Parliament-house, which will bo done; and it ia probable, also, aa the Bamo line will Borve, that communication will be mado with the Treasury, Government printing-ofiica, and the Education department. There have been ordered for the Lands office several of Sullivan's respirators,'so that anyone on the spot may proceed through the denaeat Binokc, and extinguish the fire, if it be not too late to do so, and remove any valuable books or documents to a place of security. Tho Government astronomer reporta : " Tho weather at tho beginning of last week waa fine and cool, but on tho morning of the 28th became very oppressive, with a hot wind blowing, raising clouda of dust, Towards evening the wind went round to west, foi lowed by inceasant lightning in S. and W,, with scattered rain on the morning of tho 29th, after which it again became very fins and pleasant, until on the afternoon of the 1st a strong cold westerly wind set in, with heavy rain showers, and remained dull and squally until tho end of tho week, The highest temperature in the shade, 102 _deg. was recorded on the afternoon of the 28th (the highest during this season, 102'7deg., having been registered Jon December 17th) ; the lowest, 4S'0deg., on the early morning of the 27th. The highest reading of the baro- meter, 30'017in., occurred on the morning of the -7th, with light southerly bree.es, the lowest 29'.19in., on the afternoon of tho 1st, with strong westerly wind and heavy squalls. Rain fell to tho amount of O'SGia., the total rainfall for the year 1874 amounting to 28.0¡n., as compared with 25'Glin, for the year 1873, 3252m. for the year 1872, 30'17tn. for the year 1871, .S'77in. for the year 1870, 2--58in. for the year 18G9, 18'27in. for tho year 1868, 25'79in. for the year 18C7, 22'4-in. for the year 1866,15 94m. for the year 1865, 27'40in. for the year 1864, 30'42in. for the year 1863, 2208in. for tho year 1862, 2910m. for the year 1861, 25 38in. for the year 1860, 21'82in. for the year 1859, 20'Olin. for the year 1858 ; or an overage of 26 08in." The New Year's meeting at the Kensing- ton-park racecourse waa held on Saturday afternoon. The grand stand enclosure was well attended. The ITurdlo Race waa won by Shakspeare, beating four others. Mizpah won the Maiden Plate, for which four horses started. Polidori won the Imperial Stakes in good style, beating six others. The han- dicap for two and three year olds was won by Improver, Polidori was Bocond. The racing concluded with tho Flying Han- dicap, for which 10 horses started ; Maid of Hawthorn led from start to finish, Brownlock was second, and Poodle third, The way things were managed at the regatta held on the River Murray at Moama, New South Wales, on New Year's Day, will scarcely encourage Molbourno oarsmen to again pay a visit to tho place, A crow from the Civil Service Rowing Club, consulting of MeBsrs. Michie, Trickett, Goldsmith, and Carter (stroke), Maaon (coi.), entered for the so-called Champion Gig Race, Mr, Carter for the Champion Sculls, and Messrs. Trickett and Goldsmith for the Champion Pair. In tho Sculling Race Carter was fouled hythe two other scullers, and waa knocked clean out of the race. He rowed over the course, but his protest, when handed in, was not even answered by the committee, but the prize awarded to Cummins, the local man. For the four-oared event the local crows wore »fraid to tempt fortune againBt tho visitors, who, however, rowed the COMBO and claimed the race. The committeo would not award the prize, relying on a regulation requiring three boats to start, or no race. This regula- tion they immediately afterwards violatod, in tlio case of the Champion Pair. For this race choro wero tliree entries, but one crew, the Civil Service, on account of their bad treat- ment in the " four," would not start, but tho committee this time decided to start the two remaining boats, and gave tho winners the prize. When a regatta committee takes its stand on the strict letter of the rules, it Bhould bo at least conaistent. Two vory enjoyablo ateamer excursions down the bay took place yesterday by tho Golden Crown and the Williame. Owing to the threatening aspect of the weather early in tho morning, neither vessel waa so largely patronised as would havo been the caaa had the morning been leB8 gloomy, but tho Golden Crown waa nevertheless well filled, and the Williams had a fair share of passengers. Both steamers started from tho Sandridge railway pier about half-post 9 o'clock, the Williama for Queenscliff and Portsea, and the Golden Crown for Queens- cliff and Sorrento. The Williama had the advantage of a few minutes at the start, but when about 10 miles down the bay, the new Btoamor forged up and took the lead. There was but five minutes difference however in the timos of the two Bteamers reaching the Queenscliff, pier, the Golden Crown just leaving it after landing a few passengers, aa the Williams carno up. Tho largo majority of the Wil- liama' passengers stopped at Queonsali-f, whero they enjoyed thomselves for a, couple of hours in picnicking along tho beach, or in exploring tho many picturcBquo spots about this pretty water« ing place. A few, however, went on with the steamer to Portsea, where a stay of about two hours was made, aftor whioh tho William- returned to Queenscliff, and bavin* embarked tho other poBSongers, roturnod to Sandridge, which was reached at 10 minute« to 7 o'clock. Nearly all the pansengera by the Golden Crown went or, ta Sorrento, where a pleasant afternoo: was spent, the steamer returning to Sand ridge shortly after the Williams Th weather, which cleared up completely sooi after the steamers had started from Sand ridge in the morning, continued most enjoy able all day, and the bay being very calm hardly a Bingle case of sea sicknesa wa observable. Altogether, tho oxcursiom were found to bo an extremoly pleasant ant healthful way of spending the Sanday fo: _ oso whoso busmeBB during the week pre <.iudeB them from any similar recreation ot other days. The sea serpont has again made iti appearance, it having been seen by those on fcoard the ship Carlisle Castle, during the Toyago from London to this port From the Statement of those on board, it appears, that at 6 a.m on the morning of October 17th, when in 45deg north lafc. and 12deg. west Ion , the ship Bteonng W. by S, a large serpont crossed her wake about ¿0 yards distant. Tho head, and about 6ft of the lx>dy, were out of tho water, and wau dis ttuctly visible Tho head is described as like that of an immense snake The length of the reptile could not be distinctly ascertained but it woe considerable A very successful surgical oporation was performed on board the ship Carlisle Castle during hei vuy__e to this port One of the saloon passengers lost a considerable quan tity of blood by internal h emorrhage, and consequently became very much weakonod. It was decided to transfuse, the blood of a sheep into his veins This was BO successful that by the time the ship arrived bore the gentleman had almost entirely recovered, and waa enabled to go on shore soon after the vessel anchored By a notice which appears in our adver tiBing columns we observo that Measra Lyell and Gowan announce that they relm quiab. from and after the 3Lst ult, m favour of Mr. Wm Danby, that portion of their business comprehended undor the head of trade assignee and accountantship, and that Mr Danby, in conjunction with Mr. W J, Ecroyd, as " Lcroyd and Danby," will in future carry on thiB branch of the business in sdl its departments Mr Danby is well known in commercial circles, and while in the employment of Messrs Lyell and Gowan earned for himself the character of an obliging and careful man of business. At the City Police Court on Saturday, Alfred Meyer appeared on a charge of ob taming £50 by false pretences from Alfred lee. Inspector Beaver said that the real amount involved was £700 Mr Siovwnght «aid he would a&reo; to a romand, and asked lor bail In this case, he Baid the criminal law had been brought to bear where the pro Becutor did not liko to "put the screw on' fcy civil process The prisoner waa remanded till Thursday Bail was allowed and ob tamed m two sureties m ¿50 each. Morna Jacobs and Lawrence Zucker, charged with keeping a common gaming liouse, wero remanded till next Friday by the City Bench on Saturday The poraons found in the Bhops were discharged, except one, on whom tickets were found An old woman named Janet Dykes, aged C3, living off Clarendon street, Emerald hill, was yesterday afternoon admitted into the Alfred Hospital suffering from a fracture of the left arm caused by her husband striking her. On Saturday a man, nama unknown aged about 60 yearn, was taken from Cooper's Hotel, comor of Little Lonsdale and Stephen streets where he had been Beized with a fit, to the Melbourno Hospital Ho never recovered but died that evening There was also ad roitted the samo day, Janet Traaer of Sand ndgc, aged 45, who was standing on a bore to wind up a clock, when she fell, and broke hor leg Captain Roberta of tho ship Clara Har grave, has reported to the police that a Greek Beaman named Juan Dehtto has been missing from the vessel since the 3lBt December It is Biipposed that something has happened to him, as there is a considerable sum of money due to him lying in tho captains hands which has not been claimed On the 1st January, between tho hours of 10 in the morning and 1 in tho aftornoon tho house of Mr Robert Bruce corner of Hotham and Union streets, Windsor, waa entered and the contente of various rooms, including a quantity of silver plate, wero afterwards found strewn about, but, strange to Bay nothing was stolen except two quart? apeci. mens At 5 p m on the 1st mat, tho bodies of two infanta were found in a candle box partly covered with earth in a gully in the Royal park, by two boys named Alfred Jackson and Patrick Lonergan The box waa taken to the police station at Hotham, whero an inquost will be held Dr Burke, who examined the lemamB, which were much decomposed, stated that they are apparently thoso of twins of both seies of five months' growth and that they hod been about 10 dajs e_ posed Yesterday a fire occurred in a 8mall Bhop in Madeline Btreet Carlton occupied by Mr John Treeman, pawnbroker At about 7 o clock a butcher named Moroney, seeing «moko issuing from between tho shutters broke open tho promises with the assistance «of some neighbours, and found a oro smouldering at the back of the counter, and Borne of the shelving and gooda in llamea "Water waa thrown into the Bhop, and the hose reel having been sent from the tarlton brewery, which speedily arrived, the conflagation waa in a short time extinguished, most of tho goods m the shop being very much burnt Wil- liam Davis, one of the men from tho brewery, on going upstairs to open the windows to let out smoke, found Treeman, the pro .onetor, lying on the lioor, almost suffocated. He was at once taken to the Melbourno Hos pitol, where it was Bome hours before ho re. covered consciousness, but he ia now pro. Blessing fa\ourably. He states that he went to bed at 11 o'clock on Saturday night, but got up to let in a friend who remained for an hour He then retired to rcat again, and knew nothing of tho firo until ho found bun self m the hospital _he police get, robbed occasionally, aa well as other people On Wednesday afternoon last a valuable greyhound waa atolen from the Russell street police Btation. "The third annual demonstration, and tho boBt-, of tho United -"riondly Su- ioties of tho Upper Plenty district," our correspon- dent reports, " was held at the Van Yean on New Year's Day. Several lodges of the St. Andrew's, Oddfellows, and lîeehabites, in all about 200 members, formed in front of the Picnic Hotel, and preceded bj their respec- tive officers wearing the regalia, marched in procession to the music of the South Yarra brass baud along the embankment of tho re servoir and back to tho resident inspector's riddock. Here tho societies formed] in i, '" and the assemblage were addressed by Uo Rev. Mr. Morris, of Whittle sea, who delivered a practical dis- course suitable to the occasion. The iraembers then dispersed to their respective picnic parties, to enjoy with their families and friendB the good things provided. Dancing was commenced on the green, but the rain beginning to fall at about 3 o'clock, the hill was soon cleared, and the remainder of the day's amusement had to be abandoned. The general public mustered strong, and the utmost good humour, geniality, and sobriety yore evinced through tho day. Much crodit ?is due to the committee, Messrs. Hughes, 33ett, Baker, and Lockwood, for the success of their programme, and for providing good ?music. " Our Sandhurst correspondent reports that .tho third day of the St. Andrew's Society -ports took placo on Saturday. Kairm won tho lop, Stop, and loop ; P. Dunn the sailors' hornpipe, Thomas the handicap bicycle race. Keels and strathspeys wera competed for by C. D. Allen, J, Robertson, and Craven, the former taking first prize. Standing high loap ?was won by T. M'Namara The handicap Hat ,iaco was won by Homphill, Putting light .«tone, D. Smith, 37ft. 3in , 1 ; Fleming, 35ft. Hin., 2. The three-legged race waa won 1 T. Stewart and Marah. The members of the Long Gully Fire Bri- gade invited the Sandhurst Brigade to competitive practice on Saturday afternoon. Owing to the shortness of the notice the ii vitation was not accepted ; but tho mombo: of the local brigade competed amongi themselves instead. The smartest wot done was with the hose reel, a single ji being thrown at 200 yardB in 48_ec" whib doublo jets wero obtained in C1 and 52se With the engino jets were thrown in Imii 3sec. The Postmastor-Goneral (reports the War namhool Standard of Jan. 1} had an intervie with members of the Borough Council yeste doy at the Town-hall, those present being tb Mayor, Councillors Fenton, Hidor.andO'Briei The mayor and other councillors represento the desiro of the residents of Warrnamboc that the new post office should be proceede with as early as possible. Mr. Ramsay, i reply, said that he bad satisfied himself tha tho postal business in Warrnambool wa large and increasing, and would warrant building of some magnitude. Accordingl tho first plans had been altered, and th now post office would be a two-story build ing, and really a credit to the strcot. Work ing drawings wore now boing prepared at th Public Works office, and in about a fort night tenders would be called for. Ho coull aesuro thom that there would be no delà; whatever, nnd he believed that whon thi building went up they would be satisfied, li reply to a question from tho mayor, Mr. Ram say said that ho would be glad if the forme contractor were to get the work, but that wai a matter for the Public Works department In the course of some further conversation Mr Ramsay said that ho would be happy t< do anything in his power to advance harboui improvements in Warrnambool. The Albury Banner of Saturday says ; " Formal notification of the removal of th( tolls on the Union-bridge was received bj the collector of Customs at Albury, and bj the toll collector, on Thursday last. Th< tolls accordingly ceased to be collected aftei the evening of that day, and the 1st January 1875, if memorable for'nothing else, will de Borve to be rememberod by the people o: Albury and Wodonga as tho day on whicr, the bridge was declared free." The Wagga Wagga Advertiser of Decem ber30 regrets to say that " fears are bein, entertained by some of the oldest resident, in the district of a drought, and certainly to Borne extent this foeling ia justified bj the weather which has prevailed during the past few weeks. As near as wo can learn, the average heat in the shade for that time has been about lOGdeg. From the back coan try reports reach us that feed is getting vcrj Bcarce, and that haidly any natural water i£ obtainable. Tho atmosphere has boen foi some days impregnated with electricity, and repeatedly a chango appeared to be camine about, but did not take place. Distant claps of thunder have been heard, and a good deal of summer lightning seen, but beyond these no alteration has taken place in the heavy dull state of the weather which has been felt here for some time back." A shocking railway accident is roported by the Sydney Evening Nevis of last Tuesday : "To-day, os the 1 o'clock passenger train from the Southern line ran in to the Sydnoy Railway Station, an accident occurred which resulted fatally. It appears that as the train approached the station, and just before en. tering tho tunnel, the engine-driver sounded the whistle, and on approaching nearer brought in the train ot the usual speed, giving again the customary signal of arrival. The train waa passing on towards the first platform when a fireman named Andrew Maguire, employed on another engine, at- tempted to cross tho line, but failing to do se in time, waa knocked down by the engine and run over. On the unfortunate man being picked up it waa found that bis right arm and right foot from the [ankle were cut completely off; his skull was fractured, his chest was cruBhed and his body was otherwise very much mutilated. He was insensible, and suffering a great loss of blood. He was con- veyed to the infirmary, where he died a few minutes after admission. At the moment the accident occurred he was standing on the up line rails, waiting for the 1 o'clock down train to pass him, and as he stood thoro the 12.55 train from Newtown came unobserved behind him, and he was knocked down. The buffers struck lum on his back, turned him round, and caused him to fall underneath the wheels of the engine, which then passed over him. He was on his way to dinner at the time, and that was the reason of his being upon the line. He was 25 years of ago, and, as wo are informed, unmarried." Alluding to the escaped communists, the Brisbane Telegraph remarks: - "Judging from all the surroundings of the story of the escape of the two Communists who arrived «io opportunely at Moreton Island with only a pound of biscuit and a pint of water, wo have little reason to doubt that the escapees never traversed the watery waste between this and New Caledonia in the cockboat, with its bagging Bails and one oar, which has just been cast on our shores. That the interesting strangers are escapees from New Calodonia there is no reaBon to doubt. But if this ia the case, it appears nearly a certainty that they must have escaped in some vessel 'for a con- sideration," and that tho skipper, with a wholesome fear of consequonces, has dropped them at the first handy spot. Should this hypothesis prove correct, it will deprive the adventure of its more romantic features, al- though sufficient of the marvellous will re- main to bo related by the actors in the drama to take them out of the dead level of obscurity." The South Australian Jîegisler of Decem- ber 30, Bays :-" We hear that Mrs. T. P. Hill, who has been well known in colonial circles as an elocutionist, has received ad- vantageous offers to appear as a public reader in the United States, both in the East and California, whither she will shortly proceed. Sho will be accompanied by Mr. mil." The remains of an ancient forest have been discovered in Southland, New Zealand. The Otago Guardian learns that somo of the pur- chasers of town sections in Invercargill, in what was formerlyknown as the swamp, have fallen heirs to moro than they bargained for, the workmen engaged in clearing tho ground preparatory to cultivation having unearthed quantities of excellent timber, well adapted for fencing purposes or firewood. Tho posi- tion in which the trees aro found-imme- diately beneath the peat surfaco-leaves no doubt that the " swamp" waa once the site of a forest, which must havo boen ages ago levelled to the ground by some convulsion of nature. A remarkable fact in connexion with the discovery is that the trees, without exception, aro tetaras, a proof, if any wero needed, of the superior durability of this abovo all nativo woods. For it is only rea- sonable to suppose that other timber was growing intermixed, although no traco now remains to prove it-decay having perfectly accomplished ita work. On the subject of tho murderer Sullivan, tho Southern Cross writes :-"It is reported that the Melbourne authorities propose to nbip Sullivan, the pardoned murderer, back to New Zealand. Properly thoy ought to send him back to England, whonco ho carno to Victoria. If it was illegal for him to put his foot on Australian soil, it is equally so for him to como here, and New Zealand may, wo should suppose, if Bho pleases, tranship him to Victoria, It will puzzle the Government hore what to do with him, and even yet his prcsenco in this colony may croate not a littlo trouble. He ¡B, to all intents and purposes, according to law, a free man, with all the rights and liberties of a British subject. But he wanders all over the world and cannot find rest for tho Bolo of MB foot. Hois too well known. What a leBBon this ia of how recognition may dog a criminal, and oven after ho ia pardoned and freed, may bring on him a retribution even more aire than a lifelong impriaonment. If be ia not »shipped from New Zealand, he must noedB take his old lodgings m Danedi: gaol or in Mount Eden, for he dare not ap pear at large amidst a public who detest hin and his crimea. Imagine Sullivan gomi OBhore at Hokitika, Greymouth, or any otho town on tho goldfields, and mingling amoni the people, m whoae memories the deeds o himself and his cruel aaBociateB are not likel) to be forgotten " " A medical officer in Christchurch, Nov Zealand, ha8 officially announced to thi Templar lodge with which he ia connected,' the Southern Cross says ' that some of thi syrups hcjhaa tested, and known aa ' teetota drinks ' contain preparations of opium to t considerable extent and that indulgence it two or three wnieglasBes of such, althougl it did not produce intoxication, cortaralj induced sleep or stupor * The JTI;I Tmcs of December 12 reporta - "By the Daphne schooner, which arrived i_ harbour j estorday, from the labour grouuds with a full complement of passengers, we learn that the American brigantine Haine Jackson, Captain Tuller, baa been totallj wrecked in a humcano with tho loss of ono life Tho Haine Jackson had 86 Solomon Islanders on board at the time of the wreck, and waB bound to this port Mr St John the owner of the wrecked vPHsel, carno up in tho Daphne, and has kindly furnished us with the following report -' The American brigán tino Hallie Jaclcson, H S Taller, master, having 86 Solomon Mandora on hoird, waa lost at Cape Lisburne Island of Santo on the 12th November last, during a hurricane blowing from tho N W When the vessel was in the breakers one of tho crew (Wm Wilson) waa washed overboard, and drowned before assistance could be rendered The vessel was thrown aoveral yirds above h i_h water level among large boulders The masta remaining, their great weight so injured the keel aa to make the veaael a total loss Our sincere thanks aro due to Captain Tahn M Donald, of tho Daphne, for bia kind aasia tanco, and by bia taking the passengers, labour, crew, and trade saved, on to Ha vannah Harbour, arriving there on tho 24th of November I succeeded in charter ing a schooner and a cutter, which Bailed on tho 25tb, in charge of Captain Tuller and the first officer, to recover from the wreck what had been saved and to break up the vessel f or the copper, &c; Aportionof herlabourwaa re engaged by Captaiu M Donald, tho balance was placed in the caro of Mr B B Hobble white, merchant of Havannah Harbour, to await their pasaago to Tiji-S A ST JOUV, owner of the Halbe Jackson ' ' A writer in the Samtarv Record earnestly warns his readers against the uso of a narcotic which baa recently come into favour - ' Chloral hydrate is the now fashionable hypnotic-tho meanB by which balmy sleep natures sweet reatorer, ia wooed But the brief flourish of trumpets which announced its discovery has given way to a welleatablisbed and justly founded outcry ogamst ita abuse, and the evils which attach to ita employment More dangerous than opium, mora baneful than alcohol, an utterly destructive a.ent, except in certain activo sleepless conditions when it should ha given bymodicolmenalono chloral hydrate ia working much irremediablo mischief in our midst It is also a sad fact that any now line of treatment any novel means of playing tricks with people under tho mianomer of thora peutics will meet with a ready adoption by thoBe who either wish to be au faxt with fashionable and new remedies, or are dism clmed to "ive the necessary thought, indi vidual thought, to each case and ita special indications for treatment Consequently tho rash, ill founded and, as it is being rapidly found, ill starred confidence m chloral ia now being generally deplored by tho obBervant members of the profession Shortly after bromido of potassium was ushered into notoriety a plentiful crop i of cases appeared in the medical journals telling of the consequences of ita abuse, either when continued too long after bomg medically prescribed or self administered The evil consequences of the habitual use, or rather abuse of chloral hydrate are be [ coming much moro vividly apparent Its destructive action on tho nerve centres, its pioduction of a permanent condition of brain bloodleBaness and conaequent impor feet function of the brain cells, aro being widely recognised, and it is now eatabbshed beyond all queation of doubt that tho adop tionof chloral hydrate as an hypnotic in lieu of opium is the adoption of a greaterevil than tho one it has replaced That chloral, though it may be and is eminently useful as an hypnotic in certain caseB in ita habitual or occasional use is a destructivo poison, carry ing with it most baneful consequences, is generally admitted , and its wide spread use as a soporific ia fraught with mischievous re suits The highest authorities, English and American are now decrying us uae, espoci ally in caBOS of sleeplessness, associated with depression or 'low spirits,' with mental worri and with brain distress Thosowho unfortunately have boon induced to make resort to chlorala practice, havo need to watch themselves carefully, and noto quickly any changes they may feol, and eschew the poison as speedily aa may bo on tho firat appearance of any morbid effects "A very curious fact the Spectator ob Bones, "comes outinthoJudicialatatiattcsof 1873 It is well known that Ireland, apart from its perennial agrarian difficulties somo drunkenness and great laxity in punishing murder, is Bingularly free from crime. The Inah m England and Walea, however, aro not free Out of our 22 712 000 inhabitants, 6TG.OO0 aro of Iriah birth, and instead of fur. mahing 4 000 convicta in the prisons, they furnish 22100, five times their proper proportion The women are especially bad, forming one fifth of the whole pnson population. It ia auggested that Ireland exporta her criminal class, but we take it that the fairor explanation ia that the Inshman, like the Englishman, suffers on exportation from tho absence of tho social atmosphere to which he baa been accus- tomed The pressure of tho only opinion he Yilues ia withdrawn, and in England, as in America, ho becomes indefinitely lesa self restrained The Irish in Liverpool aro like Englishmen m the South Seas, or the less orderly parts of Asia, and betray precisely the earoo impatience of control." On the question of " Vegetable v animal food," the Westminster Review writes - " The arguments adduced by our authors to prove the superiority of vegetable diet m the production of muBcular Btrength aro baaed, of course on observation and experience Referring to tho statistics collected by mean« of a sones of experimenta mBticuted and conducted some years since by Dr Forbes of Edinburgh, wo find that a numbor of Engliah, Scotch, and Irish labourers, of tho age of 25 being submitted to trial in relation to average height, woight, and strength, the superiority in all three qualifications waa adjudged to tho Irishmen, the Scotchmon occupying the noxt placo, and the Englishmen coming last in tho category. It was then ascertained that the latter had been accustomed to a mixed diot of ilesh and bread, the Scotch- men principally to oatmeal porridge, and the Irishmen to an exclusively potato diet Sir francis Hoad informs us that immonao loads aro earned hy South Amoncan miners, who feed entirely on gram and pulso Lord Heathfield, who defended the fortress of Gibraltar with consummate skill and per- severing courage, waa well known for bia hardy dietetic habita Ho neither ate animal food nor drank wino, his constant diot being bread and vegetables ' The Laplanders, ' Bays Dr. Lambe, ' are of a dwarfish stature. It moy bo thought that this is tho effect of their polar cold. But wo find intorspersod among thom, and inhabiting the samo bleak lati tudes, numerous families of industrious Tmns, who cultivate tho earth, and live on such meagre produce as it affords The Lap- landers subsist on animal oil and flesh, and as a result are stunted and diminutivo aliko in body and intelligence Tho Greeks of old days aro associated [in our minds with all that the world holds beat of valour and of strength Those splendid heroes-tho defenders of Thoruiopylw, the [ champions of Salamis and Marathon-wore I from infancy nonnalièd on the plainest vegetable fare The athletes who took part m tho muscular games of Greece were also trained entirely on grain and vegetable food At tho gymnasia where this training was undergone tberegimen waa very severe The only alimenta allowed wero drn,d figs nuts cheese aad a coarse bread Later on when the reign of luxury had corrupted these simplo habits a portion of flesh wts introduced into tho bill of faro pormitted to the athletes But it was Boon found that the free use of this kind of aliment made thom abnormally stupid and Bcnseless -ho diet of tho soldiers of the Roman Republic in ita palmiest and manliest days was also almost exclusively vege tunan There was a very large attendance at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night The pan tommie continues to afford so muco, satis faction A house crowded in nearly all parts wit nessed the repetition of the pantomime at the Opora-houBO on Saturday night The various points of excellence were fully appreciated and much applauded Blondín s performances on Saturday after noon and night were well patronisn I not withstanding tbo unpleasant aspect of tho weather The tent was well filled and as at all his former performaeices Blondín BUC ceoded in fully rcaliBin_ the expectations of tho largo assemblage During the afternoon performance Blondín distributed a nurabor of New \ ear s gifts from the rope ind the scrambling which ensued caused some amusemont TI e performances at the lower rates of admission havo been BO numerously attended that they will be continued every e\ enwg during the present week Mr \\\ ealey s benefit at the Princesa s Theatre on Saturday evening attracted a fcood but not crowded house The varied entertainmont of the Queens Mu strels was satisfactorily ¿one through several of the new items on the programme especially pleasing the audience Both the afternoon and evening perform ance of the Taktr of Oolu at St Georges Hall on Saturday attracted excellent at tendances and the many clover illusions of Dr Sylvester met with their usual favourable reception It is evident that as Dr Syl \ ester continues his performance the pub he interest in his entertainment increases The Bpectacle of the entranced tiri rest ing in mid air apparently without Bupport of any kind has in particular proved a fruit- ful fund of wonder Tho lemperance hall Russell street waa crowded on Saturday evening at the weekly people B concert and the programme which waa an exceptionally good one appeared to give general satisfaction Mrs Empson and Mrs Cormick wero both very successful in their songs Mr Thomas Campbell late of the Fmerson minstrels met with a very hearty reception ind was loudly encored for the line manner in which be rendered The wave that is bearing us home Mr and Mrs Empson created a good deal of amuse ment in a comic sketch entitled tho Pink Domino Mr A W Maguire occupied tho chair and Misa Dwight presided at the piano The Apollo hall was well filled on Saturday evening when the Qumtuto Minstrels wero very successful in their new programme To nnJit an entire change will bo made in the performance _he following is the report of the Hospital for Sick Children for the month ending ilst December 1874 -Out patients for Decem ber-New cases 1G0 total attendance C3 J In patients-Remaining ni house November 30 1J admitted during month 2 dis charged lo remaining in house 2 Con tnbutions of old clothini, toys books fruit flowers &c; will thankfully be received by Armstrong and Co rG 1 hzabetl street and by Mr Durant Melbourne and Hobsons Bay Railway station Molbourne or they may be sent foi by 1 B Taylor collector 51 Toorak road South Yarra or hospital 17 Spring Btrcet 