ITEMS OF COLONIAL NEWS. Clock Bells.—The bells for the clock in the General Post-Office tower have arrived at the Adelaide Railway station, and are now ready to be taken to their place. There are five of them, the largest weighing two tons, and the smallest about 10 cwt.—Register. A meeting of gentlemen interested in the formation of a Coursing Club was held at the Globe Hotel, on Monday afternoon, January 11. Some preliminary matters were arranged and Mr. J. F. Saville was appointed Hon. Secretary. We understand that a large number of gentlemen have joined the Club, and that it promises to be very successful.— Advertiser. Madam Anna Bishop.—This far- famed and favorite sweet singer is on the eve of paying another visit to Adelaide. She is giving concerts in the Melbourne Athenæum Hall, assisted by Signor Cormini Morley, tenor; Mr. Beaumont Read, alto; and our old friend, Mr. Charles Lascelles, the versatile.—Register. Adelaide Races.—About 1,500 persons assembled upon the Adelaide Racecourse on the afternoon of New Year’s Day to witness half a dozen races arranged by a few sporting gentlemen. The weather was cloudy and cold. Rain, which fell in the morning, improved the course, the running ground being softened without being made too heavy. The opening events—the Maidens and the Free Handicap—proved fiascos, being walkovers respectively for Bar One and Rainbow. In the Grand Stand Handicap only two horses ran, and Mr. A. S. Murray’s Euterpe was the victor after a good race. Mr. Correll’s Tormentor won the Handicap Steeplechase, and Mr. Sanderson’s b.m. the Handicap Trotting Race. The Ladies’ Purse was another failure, being a walkover for Euterpe. The proceedings were wound up by a Hurryskurry, in which Mr. Benson’s Rainbow was first. On the whole the sports were not so satisfactory as the public had a right to expect, three of the advertised affairs being uncontested. The entries declared a fortnight ago did not indicate sparseness of competition.—Register. Alligator.—Mr. Aldridge, of the Prince Alfred Hotel, has become the owner of a small, lively, but not sociable Northern Territory alligator, which, though a mere baby of about 12 months old, has ferocity enough for a patriarch, and makes no distinction between iron bars and wooden skewers, but seizes each in a very suggestive manner. Somebody alleged that the creature was a crocodile, but Mr. Aldridge “denies the allegation, and scorns the allegator,” as his pet has all the characteristics of a genuine El Lagato, as the Spaniards call such great amphibious lizards. Naturalists set down the crocodile as a denizen of the Old World, and the alligator of the New The lower canine teeth of the crocodile fit into a notch in the edge of the upper jaw, causing a contraction in the snout just behind the nostrils. The alligator’s lower canine teeth fit into a pit in the edge of the upper jaw, and there is no contraction. Alligators, as a rule, are not nice pets, and it is improbable that they will ever to any great extent supersede lapdogs in the favor of the fair sex, but the energetic young desperado occupying free quarters in a tank at the Prince Alfred is a curiosity worth seeing, and he is not at all bashful when visited.— Register. The Late Mr. W. Giles.—The eldest son of the late Mr. William Giles, sen., the former Manager o the South Australian Company, haf died at the Semaphore, after a painfus illness. He was for many years a resident in the Bremer District, carrying on business at Kanmantoo. Mr. Giles was much esteemed, and though he took no part in public affairs, was known by a large circle. He for a considerable time occupied the position of Paymaster in connection with the South Australian Railways, and his removal will be sincerely felt in that department. He leaves a widow and seven children.—Register. A Man on Fire.—Mr. M. G. Jennings wrote from the Daly and Stanley Mine on January 10 as follows:—“A man got fearfully burnt about a fortnight ago at Yereleena, a station about 30 miles from here. His name is Richard Gundry, and he was once the captain of this mine. He was riding a young horse, and just as he was starting from the station put his pipe into his coat pocket. When a quarter of a mile away the horse took fright and bolted with him, and before he knew he was on fire. The animal ran to the station with the man, who was like a ball of fire. All his clothes above his waist were burnt off the poor fellow. He is here now, and I am trying to cure him, but I never saw such a sight as when he came in burning. I think he will get over it.—Register. The new powder magazine in course of construction on the banks of the Saltwater River was inspected on Tuesday by Mr. Anderson, the Commissioner of Public Works, Mr. Service, the Treasurer, and some members of Parliament. The magnitude of the undertaking, and the care that is being taken to confine the force of the explosion, should it take place, astonished all the visitors. Mr. Geo. Cornwell, the contractor, entertained the visitors very hospitably, and was complimented all round for the faithful manner in which he was carrying out his work. The magazine will cost about £40,000 before it is finished.—Melbourne Leader. The Adelaide, Glenelg, and Suburban Railway has proved itself an unequivocal success. A copy of the third annual report to be presented at a meeting of shareholders to be held on Friday is now before us, and the facts it contains must be highly satisfactory to the shareholders. All the property of the Company is in good working order. The line has been open for working only 15 months, during which time the total receipts have been £14,436 18s. 6d., and the working expenses, including interest, £8,475 17s. 4d., leaving a profit of £4,961 1s. 2d. Out of this profit one dividend, amounting to £1,100, has been paid, leaving now an unappropriated balance to the amount of £3,861 1s. 2d. The Directors recommend the payment of 5s. per share for the past half year, being at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum. The report says that the traffic returns for the past three months—the winter months—exhibited a considerable increase on those of the corresponding period of last year. The success of the Company is now assured beyond all doubt, and there is every prospect of the traffic increasing during the present summer. The attractions of the Bay are growing in public favor, and they will grow more and more. The whole affair seems to be managed in an economical and a common sense way; and we may be allowed to join the Directors in congratulating the shareholders “on the satisfactory progress and prospects of the Company.” —Advertiser. His Honor Sir William Stawell, Chief Justice, was on Monday afternoon, at the Treasury, sworn in as Acting-Governor during the absence of his Excellency Sir George Bowen. His Honor Sir Redmond Barry, the Premier, Mr. Service, Mr. Ramsay, Mr. Casey, Mr. MacDermott, Mr. Cohen, and Mr. Anderson were present at the ceremony. Captain Kaye, Secretary to the Executive Council, having read her Majesty’s commission, directed to the Chief Justice in the absence of Sir George Bowen. Sir Redmond Barry retired from his position at the head of the Council table, at the same time saluting Sir William Stawell. His Honor Mr. Justice Barry then administered the usual oaths of allegiance to Sir William Stawell, after which the proceedings terminated. A Gazette Extraordinary was issued in the evening, containing the usual proclamation of the appointment of the new Acting-Governor. Mr. Robert Wadsworth has been appointed private secretary, and Captain Terry, A. D. C.—Melbourne Leader. Death of Mr. A. B. Cooper.— We regret to learn that on Saturday, January 2, the Hon. W. Milne received a telegram from his son, who has just arrived in Melbourne by the ship City of Carlisle from London, stating that his fellow-passenger, Mr. Cooper, the Deputy Surveyor-General, died on board on the 17th ult. Mrs. Cooper and their only child accompanied him home and on the way back, and are now in Melbourne awaiting a passage to Adelaide. Mr. Arthur Bevan Cooper was a nephew of Sir Charles Cooper, the former Chief Justice of South Australia, and a brother of the late Mr. D’Oyley Cooper, solicitor, of this city. He left England when quite a youth in January, 1859, for Melbourne, and came thence, in the ill-fated steamer Admella to Adelaide shortly before her last disastrous voyage. He entered the Survey Department on September 1, 1861, as a junior officer, and by his assiduity and talent soon secured the confidence of those with whom he was associated. On September 1, 1865, he was appointed Deputy Surveyor General at a salary of £500 per annum, and he has discharged the important and onerous duties which devolved upon him most efficiently. In 1869 he married Miss Harriet Woodcock, daughter of the late Archdeacon Woodcock. His health became seriously affected in consequence of the increased work and responsibility which devolved upon him through the absence of Mr. G. W. Goyder in the Northern Territory, and in March, 1874, on obtaining nine months’ leave of absence, he sailed for England to recruit his strength. Mr. Cooper was possessed of abilities of a high order, and by his unassuming amiable manners he secured a large circle of friends, who will hear of his untimely death at the age of 32 with sincere regret, while the Government service has lost a most valuable officer, whose place it will be difficult to fill.— Register. The Californian Mail Service. —Mr. Thomas Russell, who has represented the New Zealand Government in Sydney in the matter of the Californian mail service, left for Auckland in the steamship Macgregor last Saturday. The result of his negotiations with the Postmaster-General of this colony is considered by both the most satisfactory that could be arrived at in the present state of things. The Governments of New South Wales and New Zealand will equally divide between them the interim service, and have agreed to unite on equal terms in establishing a permanent service combining the largest number of advantages obtainable for the two colonies, and enforcing payment of the penalties incurred by the failure of Messrs. Hall and Forbes. A contract has been made with the Australasian Steam Navigation Company to carry on the temporary service until December next. The contractors have accordingly secured the fine steamship Mikado, and after a thorough refit she will leave for California with the November mails.—Sydney Mail. Blondin.—In spite of the many other attractions at the racecourse and elsewhere on Saturday, about 6,000 persons spent the afternoon in witnessing the marvellous performances of M. Blondin on the tight rope. The large canvas arena devoted to the entertainment presented a very bright scene, and the weather being all that could be desired, matters passed off in a very successful manner. M. Blondin commenced his performance with the same feats as on the occasion of his first appearance, and was hailed with hearty applause upon his exhibiting his marvellous feats of acrobation on the rope. The first of the novel features in the programme was the cooking of an omelette in the middle of the rope. For this purpose Blondin, dressed as a French cook, sallies forth upon the narrow walk, carrying on his back an oven and all the kitchen utensils necessary for the purpose. After setting down the oven upon an iron frame hoisted up to receive it, he places his balancing- pole in a rest upon the frame, and with a considerable amount of grotesque by-play makes and cooks the omelette, which is afterwards lowered to the ground and partaken of by the spectators. After retiring once more to his platform, he again appears in ordinary tights, with a chair attached to him. When in the centre of the rope he unstraps the chair, and then performs upon it in the most astonishing balancing feats it is possible to imagine. In one instance, balancing the chair on two legs, he walks up the rungs at the back right over the top, and finally stands on one leg upon the seat. This particular act in his performance is one which beggars description, and can even hardly be believed when witnessed. Difficult and perilous as all his performances are, there is none that equals this in daring or in skill. A spectator cannot fail to be struck with the precision of every movement Blondin makes in this act, it being evident that not one item of physical force more than necessary is expended, and not one motion without its object. The ease and grace exercised could not be excelled on firm ground by any acrobat, but when the fact is prominent that the performance is carried on on a rope only 2 inches thick, at a distance of over 50 feet from the ground, it is to say the least of it superlatively marvellous. Another of the feats performed for the first time in Melbourne was crossing the rope on a bicycle. Previous to this act the guys were all slacked up, and the rope hove taut at the winch until it literally cracked again. Upon it being steadied again Blondin appeared in a rich dress of black velvet and red cloth, trimmed with fur, wearing also a pair of wellington boots tasselled and furred. The bicycle—a very handsome machine, constructed of light metal, and having bells attached to the pedals—was then swayed up to the platform, and Blondin, mounting it, started at a brisk pace along the line. After going backwards and forwards, halting suddenly, and performing other equalily astonishing feats, he finally put on a spurt and ran “home.” This act brought the entertainment to a close, and Blondin, after bowing to the assembly below him, quickly descended to the ground. The feats as described before, of walking blindfolded, and carrying M. Niand over the rope were also performed. Blondin’s entertaiment is without exception the best return for paying 5s. that has been given in Melbourne for years, and is one in which throughout the world he has no equal.—Telegraph. Sunstroke.—One of the railway men, stationed on the Roseworthy beat, has been incapacitated by sunstroke, and the Gawler paper adds: —“We have before stated on the authority of the medical men of the Indian army, that sunstroke so called does not occur where the body is kept in a state of active perspiration, but is usually seen in connection with a feverish state of the system, to escape which temperance, with moderation as to diet, is strongly recommended.”—Register A little boy, ten years of age, son of Mr. Andrews, of the firm of Donaldson, Andrews, & Sharland, as he was playing about the piles of the Glenelg Jetty, fell into the sea, and would have been drowned had not Master James Pearce, a lad 14 years old, son of the senior member for Light, plunged in and dragged him out. Master Andrews sank twice; but his plucky rescuer dived, seized the drowning child, and brought him to the steps not much the worse for his ducking.—Advertiser. Sir George Bowen.—His Excellency the Governor of Victoria was landed from the Ceylon by Mr. Elder’s launch Mobelia, on Sunday afternoon, January 3. After a short rest at Government Cottage, he went to town escorted by Governor Musgrave, who accompanied him to the Botanic Garden, and drove through the city and a little way into the suburbs. Sir George Bowen expressed himself charmed with the Garden and the city generally. On leaving Glenelg Jetty three cheers were given for His Excellency, and he, in response, called for a similar compliment for South Australia.— Register. The Yorke's Peninsula Water Supply.—Water supply for the twenty thousand people in the mining districts of Yorke’s Peninsula is the most absorbing topic of the moment. With the hundreds of empty dry tanks the probability according to experience in the past that there will be no rain for some months to come; the presence of decimating disease arising from limited and impure water supply; and the prospect of depopulation to a very large extent—families being actually driven away because they cannot get water—it must be admitted that the question has assumed the most serious possible aspect. Already there is the utmost difficulty felt in securing water even by purchase; and what chance there may be a little later in the season may not easily be judged. People on every side are beginning helplessly to appeal to the authorities; and they are enquiring on every side what can be done? All sorts of schemes are discussed, even to the tapping of the North- West Bend of the Murray, distant 120 miles “as the crow flies,” but no definite or feasible scheme has yet been propounded. Meanwhile the case is getting hourly worse, and unless the most extraordinarily prompt action is taken there must be a very serious amount of suffering and loss experienced.— Y. P. Advertiser. A Hoax.—A painful sensation was created on Saturday morning, the 2nd January, by a half-drunken fool who was steering a yacht through the roadstead hailing a beach boat and reporting that he had lost a man overboard. The craft at once tacked, and for awhile sailed about his track, and upon landing the crew telegrams were sent from the Semaphore to various persons interested. The feeling of sorrow was deep till a message from Sergeant Doyle dissipated the sympathy shown by stating that the affair was a hoax, and had arisen from a drunken spree.— Register. The principal streets of the city were enlivened on Wednesday morning, January 13, by a bridal party that turned out to astonish the Adelaideans, and three carriages drawn by greys—one having four, and the others two, and with postillions in livery and wedding favors. The party proceeded through King William-street and Flinders-street to St. Paul’s Church in Pulteney- street. And from thence, at the conclusion of the marriage ceremony, they traversed Rundle-street, on their way to the country, from whence they had apparently come.—Advertiser. Proposed New Northern Colonies. —The seperation question is gaining new advocacy in the North, stimulated evidently by the renewal of the agitation in the Richmond and Clarence districts of New Sourh Wales. It now comes before us (says the Argus Queensland correspondent) in the shape of a proposal for two new colonies, embracing the central and northern districts, with Rockhampton and Bowen as their respective capitals. To reconcile the southern districts, whose capital is Brisbane, this partition, our fellow colonists over the Border and the Imperial authorities are to be moved to pray for and to grant annexation of the Richmond and Clarence districts to this colony. Our Southern friends, though described as favorable to territorial and governmental change, yet advocate the erection of their fertile and varied land, into a separate colony under the designation of New Cornwall (influence of the tin mines). But they are without a safe and commodious harbor on the whole line of their coast. Thunderbolt.—An intensely loud report, heard on Thursday morning, the 7th January, at half-past 7, shook buildings in all directions, and caused some consternation. Mr. H. L. Roe, of Tusmore, informs us that at his place the ostler just before the crash found the stable full of an intensely bright light, and he rushed to the door. The family in the dwelling were startled by a noise like a piece of ordnance, and the building seemed to stagger and reel, while the sounds of heavy masses falling made the childrrn cry with fright. On afterwards entering two rooms, where fortunately no person had been at the time, it was found that large blocks of brickwork and other debris from the chimney stacks had been thrown down. Mr. Roe then went outside, and saw that lightning had ran along the lead ridge-capping on the slate roof, and made holes each about a foot or so square in two chimney stacks that were some distance apart. The appearance was curious and interesting, though certainly not pleasant.—Register. The Queensland Blacks.—Since the occupation of this part of the country by the white man, the murder of solitary travellers and prospectors by the blacks have neither been “few nor far between.” Large parties of men have been attacked on several occasions, and there are only too many authenticated cases of cannibalism, while horses have been speared in all directions. But it was at Pine Creek that they made a reconnaissance in force, recently, and commenced spearing horses in every direction, until they were right in the midst of the tents, where at least eight horses were seen to fall at their hands. The blacks were supposed to number not less than 200 or 300, and on more than one occasion, men in search of horses have been encountered by them, and compelled to run for their lives. Things began to look serious, and diggers were naturally apprehensive that at any moment a regular raid might be made on the camp. At last, when it was known beyond the shadow of a doubt that at least 50 horses had been speared, it was resolved to put a stop to this wholesale massacre if possible. With this object, 22 diggers, well armed, mustered one evening and proceeded up the creek in quest of the blackfellow’s camp. After travelling nearly all night, their fires were at last sighted; and the avengers, dividing themselves into two parties, and posting themselves conveniently for the work of dispersion, waited patiently for the dawn. When at last day broke, something like 200 blackfellows were seen squatting about the fires. The white men soon made their presence known, and in a moment the yelling of the blacks, thus taken by surprise, was horrible. They did not show fight, but ran in the direction where the second party, who had not yet shown themselves, were posted. . . In the camp we found the skeletons of 13 horses, the flesh of which had been eaten, and the bones cleared as artistically as Jack Edwards himself could have done it. There were also two or three broken guns, miners’ dishes and other tools, crimean shirts, and heaps of other articles taken from murdered white men, or stolen from diggers’ tents. There were also about twenty mat coffins full of human bones, which they at first attempted to take with them, but gave up the attempt very quickly. The exclamation, “b------ whitefellow” was frequently used amongst the blacks when running away; and it is thought very probable that Dumaresq’s black troopers, four or five of whom bolted some time ago, were amongst them, and directing their movements.—Cooktown Courier. “Atticus” in the Melbourne Leader says—“Nearly all the feats of heroism of which one reads now-a- days are performed by persons who are trying to get out of the way either of their creditors or of the police. The voyage in an open boat, without compass or provisions, of two communists from Noumea to Brisbane; the overland journey on foot of an escaped convict from Perth to Eucla; the dangerous expedition of three impecunious ones from Port Darwin to Western Australia —all tend to prove that those struggle the hardest who have the least to lose. I wonder whether the heroes of antiquity were anything like the moderns. The probability is that they were. At any rate, Romulus was in sad straits when he commenced to lay the foundation of Rome, and Csesar was hunted almost to death by his creditors. A Cincinnati man advertises, “Work is not so much an object as good wages.” A very curious test of the progress of public manners comes to be revealed by the representation of the Demi Monde at the Theatre Francais, the first in France in point of talent and sedateness. Nineteen years ago when this piece was first brought out at the Gymnase Theatre, it was pronounced immoral, shocking. Yesterday its revival did not cause a lady to hide a blush behind her fan. The philosphers say all this transformation is the consequence of the realism of our age. May it be nothing worse. However, the house sacred to Moliere has lately softened the way for this strong dose from Dumas’s fils, who despises woman, and holds her responsible for all the miseries of life. He even accuses the Virgin Mary of being an obstacle to her Son’s ministry. No person can deny that the state of society Dumas describes does exist here. It is held according to some to be the offspring of clubs, and the patronage of the Second Empire. How comes it that girls on attaining the age of 16, of inexplicable and unexplained beauty, born in the slums or the attics of the city, daughters of house porters or work people, invade and take possession of the wealthy and distinguished classes, livivg on them like parasites, ruining them, living on them like vampires; disputing the pas with virtuous women, and giving the laws to fashion, and, alas! to taste, and after their courtezan career, returning to the place from whence they carne, or pausing on the threshold of the grave, as a chiffonnière? Daughters of misery, they go back to their misery, they go back to their mother. Paris is full of irregular households, presided over by a Madelon, a Marguerite Gauthier, a Clèmencau, or a Baroness d’Aunge, and supported by men, married and with families, whom they in time involve in ruin. And sadder, but no less true, friends prefer to pass an evening in the society of the mistress, rather than of the wife. Dumas was right in coining the term, Demi Monde, for this state of things—for these Filles du Marbre. And the public of the Theatre Francais applauded the comedy that was read in the Imperial circle of St. Cloud, and pronounced in 1856 to be immoral, but to which a Commission shortly afterwards awarded the Government prize of 5,000 francs for the best comedy “of a nature to serve for the instruction of the working classes, for the propagation of healthy ideas, and the spectacle of good examples?” Naturally the Emperor reversed the decision. Many trace these corrupt manners to the time of Louis XIV., or to his degenerate model, Louis XV. In any case it is passing strange to see this notorious comedy in 1874 considered as belonging to that type which a mother may permit her daughter to witness.—Advertiser Paris Correspondent. A Short Life.—Within one month from the completion of the completion of the first house in Pithole city, Pennsylvania, that city had a telegraph-office and hotel, costing the owners 10,000 dollars. In one month more there was a daily paper established; and in the next a theatre; in another month another theatre, and then an academy of music. In six months there were 74 hotels and boarding-houses; in the seventh month the city had reached its highest prosperity. It then had about 15,000 people, elaborate waterworks, a city hall, and and expensive city government. Then occurred the completion of labor-saving enterprise—the so-called Miller Farm Pipe line—by which the petroleum was sent off independent of the laboring population. At once 4,000 persons were thrown out of employment, while 2,000 houses became useless. This was the death-blow to Pithole. At once the hotels, the theatres, and the telegraph office were closed, and the daily paper gave up its ghost, whilst almost every one packed up his trunk and moved out. Only nine families remain out of a population of 15,000 souls, while the railroad from Pithole and Oleopolis runs only one train a day, consisting of a locomotive and a single car, which is usually empty; but the Company is obliged to keep running, otherwise the charter of the road would be lost. They still hope against hope for better times for that unfortunate city, which in only seven months was bom, full-grown, got sick, and died. Undoubtedly this is a case unparalleled in history, modern or ancient. Neither Egypt nor Greece can give examples of such rapid changes.— Boston Journal. Accommodating! — Officer (to native servant)—“What caste are you, Ramjammee?” Oriental— “Same religion as Sahib. Drink brandy, sar!” Miss Craker, of Baraboo, Wisconsin, has been awarded 1,000 dollars damages for having been kissed by a railroad conductor—not that she loved kisses less, but money more. And she is tickled to death, too, to think she got both. A Iowa Judge has declared that it is more of a sin to steal a horse than to elope with another man’s wife, because there are 3,000,000 horses in the united States and only 3,000,000 horses. Subjoined are the sailing datea of the Gothenburg:— From Port Adelaide. | From Port Darwin. 3lst March, 1875 | 26th April, 1875. 12th June, 1875 | 8th July, 1875. 24th August, 1875 | 19th Sept, 1875. 