OUR HOBART TOWN LETTER (From our own Correspondent.) Have you seen the ghost ? is now about the first enquiry made here, and straightway a conversation ensues about the eccentric proceedings of some insane or foolish individual who, arrayed in snowy garments, is said to nightly play pranks, such as will entitle him, when captured, to the mild and salubrious occupation of cracking stones for a month or two. The old cookery book recipe, however, of— first catch your hare and then," &c.;, seems in this instance aptly illustrated, this particular ghost refusing to be caught on any account, although parties, valiant and gay have each night essayed the task of securing his ghostsliip in durance vile. Rumor says now, that the affair is discovered, and certain persons, well known, are likely to get into trouble ; at all events nothing authentic is known beyond the fact that sundry and divers persons have been next to frightened to death, without exactly knowing what at, and altogether there has been considerable excitement on the subject, people not likely to be so foolishly molested at night, albeit they do not credit the stories of a spiritual character. As the first of, it is to be hoped, many regular annual meets at Elwick draws near, the excitement on the subject intensifies, and now the principal topic of conversation everywhere, is for the nonce— horseracing. I paid a visit to the course a day or two ago, and was surprised at the amount of work done there during the last six weeks or two months, showing, as it does, the energy thrown into the affair by all concerned. During that short time, the course had been neatly fenced where requisite, posts erected, judge's stand, sheds, saddling paddock (spacious and convenient), and last, though not least, the veiy unique Grand Stand— a structure alike creditable to the Club, the architect, and the contractor. It is built of brick, in a neat and substantial manner, the centre being the stand proper, and the towers at either .end, the approach thereto by a spacious and comfortable staircase; there are many other departments necessary to such buildings with bar and every convenience, and tho whole forms one of the best things of the kind in .the colonies. It will not be fully completed, the time being so short, but it will be ready for all practical purposes, and next year will have many improvements added. The arrangements for the races are very complete^ and although there are always some to grumble, they appear to give general satisfaction, and will no doubt be largely visited should the weather prove favorable. The Italian Opera Company lias met with continued success and each night sees the theatre crowded in every part, forming a brilliant display apart from the performance. Of the operas themselves, too much cannot be said, for seldom indeed are so many really first-class artistes brought together in one company, and therefore it is easy to understand that the performance of each evening is all that can be desired. . It would be hard to single out any particular opera as superior to another, but of course the most generally liked have been such as Puritani, Trovatore, and Lombardi— the music being light and pleasing and less stage effect required, always a desirable feature when the capabilities of the theatre are not commensurate with the piece to be performed. The Company are now in their last week, and the success as great as ever ; there is little doubt, therefore, but yet another fortnight's business could be easily done with profit, a privilege we are not in all probability destined to have at least for another year. The Sydney cricketers took their departure this afternoon for Sydney in the City of Hobart. During their brief stay they appear to have made many friends here, and as a natural consequence a large crowd assembled on the Wharf to wish them bon voyage. As the vessel steamed away any amount of cheering was given both from shore and steamer, and it is full believed and hoped that our visitors were pleased with their reception, and will be able to speak well of Tasmania and its cricketers. Feb. 9. A USEFUL STOVE.—Messrs Dietz and Co. have constructed a stove that should become a great favorite in Australia. By its aid a chop or steak can be cooked, a ' billy' of water boiled, or an Irish stew prepared without the introduction of coals or wood. A small quantity of kerosene or paraffine is all that is required to produoe the results referred to. In a country like Australia; where fuel ifl often scarce and fires unpleasantly warm, this stove can scarcely fail to become a favorite when it is used. To CLEAR A ROOM OF MOSQUITOES.— Those troubled by theassiduous attentions of the mosquitoes might try the following with success—Take a piece of gum camphor about one-third the size of an egg, and evaporate it by placing it in a tin vessel, and holding it over a'lamp or candle, taking care that it does not ignite. The smoke will soon fill the room, and expel the mosquitoes." 