CARDINAL MANXING ON RATIOX- AhlSJI. (From the Time.) Yesterday, Sept. 5, Cardinal. Manning re opened tho church of'St." 'Augustine, Man-' cheater, .which has been' undergoing repairs, and decoration. In the course of a sermon on " Jqs'us,. Christ aud Him crucified,'.' as tho central doctrine of the Catholic faith", he maintained that the Catholic Church was the one "universal Church which was to give jlfaitJi_hy-ihearinglL=to--the_ivorld,Aand-iii. proof that this, was the truo Church ho pointed to the confusion, the contention, the contradiction," tile wasting, and- the perishing of everything separate from thutone Church. He begged his hearers to notice how other teachers, having lost their inherence in its unity_nnd submission to Divino authority, were tossed to and fro with every wind of man's. doctrine until at last they were losing tho truth of Jesus Christ and Him crucified. Germany, ho , said, was the' 'country from which the Reformation' came; England was the disciple of Germany. How tared it' with the teacher, nnd" how was it faring with the burner? In Germany there had been' tl ree periods or states of Christian belief in the- last 300 years. In the beginning Lutherauism had set itself up as pure and piimitive Christianity in opposition to tho Catholic' faith, so , highly .dogmatic and doctrinal. It believed iii cdiisiibstantiation nlt m, nb8!ution'. nnd in a multitude "of other doctrines which it did lutaa vet reject' : Little by little men found it impossible, for bends to hang togotber without a -thread, and _liaviiig-(icnicd_Uio_Divino-_nqthority_ upon which till truth rested, having broken ..tho. .thread ..upon which . all: these jowels of -Divino truth were strung, having denied the" Divine authority, of the Church, they began .to. lose and .to reject doctrine after doctrine, and men wero "criticising thoso doctriuosi denouncing' dogihnlism as tho authority _ of men, and describing dogma as tho imposing upon oiio mail by the authority of another' what lie is to beliovc in Divine things. The' second period on which thoy ontorod was -charactcri8ed_by-a-State.of_what_wa8-called, Pietism. Men began to toss away doctrine. Tliey kept Jesus Christ and Him crucified ns tne central and only truth. After a time of an interior pioty and an e'xcilomerit of devotion, with less and less of positivo bolief, there arose up another people called .Ratioalists. Thoy said, with great justice,: " You have -rojeotcdtlogina, nnd wo reject your emotions and your devotions and your Pietism, which has no other foundation than your feelings. You foel this, but I -don't-ryou-boliove-ity-I-don'-t-deliovo-itr1- This w as the beginning of the third, period, iof4Rniionalism,-wliioh-nieant-iiothing-more- .nor-less than thnt moil took their own reason and mado ft a test of truth, oven in. revelation— a measure by which the doctrines of "Christianity are to bo tested, so .tlmt what it rccoivcd will bo received, and who t it does .uot_reccivo_wiU_he... rejected. .Finally, -.the reason ofman was made the source and foundation of everything. That evil of Rationalism prevailed in Germany at this moment. Throughout tho wholo of what was called tho Reformation it bad devoured and extinguished fchristian faith in tho great multitude of tbe Prussian nation, and tho other States in which tho Reformation catab- lishcd itself, to so great an extent that we wero tbld that hot 2 per coht. of the popula tion of Bcrlin evcr set' tKeir foot in a place of worship. AVbat bad happened to the teacher he feared might, happen to tho learner, and what had begun in Germany ?light-pass over into.England, unless men had the humility and the. faith to becomo tho disciples of the Divine Teacher. Three hundred years ago, Parliament, by Royal authority, sot up a religion by law, which was highly doctrinal and highly dogmatic in Episcopncy and the Sacraments, differing from the Catholic Church in as few things as possible, hut being torn from tho unity of the Christian world aud from tho authority of the A:icar of Jesus Christ. For 100 years that dogmaticreligion continued. Then came Pietism or Puritanism, an interior religion, resting upon tho feelings of tiio heart. He spoko-not-'desparagiugly. of-that time— He respected the Puritans, becanso . thoy wero in earnest mid because they revolted against empty and dead forms — against keeping up tho-belief in-tbe Sacraments when the grace of the Sacraments was denied, and because they rejected the imitation of tho Mass when belief in tho Real Prcsenco was denied, and for burning confessionals when belief in absolution had ceased, lie respcctod-that thorough resolute temper and spirit of thoso men, who believed that religion consisted in communion with God_and__i_n bolief of a Divino' Master ; but what had .followed ? AVo likewise had entered into a period of Rationalism.' He did not know to what; extent it had spread among tho Noncon-i -formists-of-this country: — Somo bf"tbeir"owni members had assured him that among their yonth it was spreading fast by means of -German .literature. . But he did not know how far it was spreading in the Church of England, and how it bad mado tho Univer sity of Oxford almost its own. On every sido there were hooks, written professedly on. Christianity, penetrated through nnd through with Rationalism, and that by members of. tbe Church of England. A high' authority, at least in Manchester, hnd Baid "the other day,' the foundation of all reason able faith seemed to bo in danger, and, in illustrating his remark," stated that the Vatican Council had invested the head of tho Church with Divine attributes, and had practically laid it dpwn that tho mind of tho Church, nnd not Holy Scripture, was the "Word of God. This was Rationalism of the highest order. It was not necessarily a DLvino attribute for a man as tho head of the Church to be preserved from error, or that he should receive perpetual assistance from the Spirit of. Truth according to the promise of God, whereby His Church should never err from,that truth deliverod to it. This talk about Divino authority came from a. purely rationalistic conception of the nature of Christianity. To absolve sin was an act of Divine authority, and yet the Church of England, in tho Service for the Visitation of tho Sick, said our Lord left power with Ilis Church to forgive sin. would this . authority, on turning to his Book of Prayor, say whether his Church was invested with Divine attributes ? And as for tho mind of the Church, that certainly was a Scripture — tho living intelligence of the .-whole may stical body of Jesus Christ, on which on tho day of Pentecost tho Holy Ghost inscribed the whole revelation of God when there wns not a particle of tbo New Testament written. Cardinal Manning also delivered an address at the opening of a new Roman Catholio church, dedicated to St. Laurence, at Birkeiihoa'd. He said that England was once;thb promise of the empire of Jesus Christ, mid she was on her probation now, when tho. voice of truth was as audible as ever, i A thousand times ho had said, and in "his sourhe'belibved'tliat Englishmen nevor rejected the Catholic faith. They wero robbed of it by force. Thoy rose to defend it, and were beaten down 'by foreign mer cenaries. Their children wero born disin herited, and generation aftor generation' had removed further and farther from tho faith. Multitudes now alive were innocent of tho heresies which had rent the faith asunder. Englishmen wore not jealous of tho AVord of God ; they believed it to bo Divine ; but the AVord of God wns wider than that which was written. _ There was tbo living AVord of God j of it Englishmen wero jealous. They were Jealous of the Spirit of God, and their jealousy of it mado thorn jcnlous also of .the liberty of conscience. They said " Our souls are.ouroivu, we must answer 'for them to God, who made them, and Jesus, who re deemed them." They refused to be taught by human authority ; but thoy forgot that their cause was indissoltibjy , united with tho Spirit jifjGud anil' upheld by Divino nssis- tnnce." " 