. T!ilE .Tl'7'I:EGRAM.' S" 'lrs Smith, I erm astonished at you ! : JJ'uhn2 Smnith was astonished, at his wife at least once a day, on anu average. "Irs Smith was used to it. :'+?She v'as a tall salight woman, scarcely more thIban a girl in years. with cheeks -:that had beei:, as pittk, as asea;shelli in ,thle'days'tf: her happy maiden life. -l±l ' Things are' allt at sixes and sevens,' ,went'on Mr Smith, tying his cravat be fore the mirror, attid viciously twitching -it' into a. ktort. 'Coal Hasted, butter 'thrown into the'`grease jatr, id mr.y tbhird-best etiat sold to'dealer ini tinsarie 'fo?'r `aftu'itel 'and 'two' pie platters. I never heard of atythitg so outrageous '.itmy'life.'- " 'But, my dear,-meekly interposed the .much-enduring wife, + wu needed the r ti?dare, antd you had: tiot .worn the coatt for a year it; wI full of moths.' ...There it is again,' said Mr Smith. SThenmoth would iever have gtt into it -if you had taken the proper plrecautions. :I never heard of a moth iin my mother's ;time''.m ;Anid -now. you are actually aslkinkg. permisitnll., Ato visit your .bro.ther.' I ' have .nuot been atay fromn home Ibefore -sil?e'?s were mainrried, Johit,' piteously pleaded .~lrs Smith. ' J feel almost tworn out, anid I think the change -'ohld-'do me good.' ..'And ihats is'.-,o become of me' son0rously dem:tnded the husand. :.MrsJoht Snith tought of the day's ,-excursion last veek, sitd ithe trout-fish. ing' expedition' tt firt'nighlit' siice ; but else.said nothing, except "It cioil't coat iruclh to go, John ;andid .I'll on!y stay a week. Do let ate go :Thu.ducter says the fresh air might hell, hby along with 'his teeth, and little Johitny is droutpintg.'. amll, id sn Mr Smith, na utigra ciotualy as, I.ussible,' I slpposh you'll have tut g, and. altoigethler our exlpenses are ruinous this - year: See how ( Georgiaa:_ Trottter, unnttges fur:e her -husbapnd.. I dun't auppcuse it cosats then ,bhalfi:lolive. thit it does us. ,I' lmight have married •Georgilnat Trotter once.. I almost wish I had.' - :I+t was ont :,ls Smith's lips ,to, utter ,'--'?.? 0 do:J,'+," .. .... ? =.r But.she lokled itt the little' ehildreii, aid was'silent., . . \- Yes,' went in Mr Smith,' 'I 1sppose yn.u must fro.' 'It's his way,' she thought; l/e meanis well enough and 1 suppose all men are so-onlly I wish be had 'kissed me, goud.bye.' Wn mai ntattire all over. "Hcrheart yearned lhungrily fir the omitted carreas--the ignored word of tendernidess. Y'our AlMrs J,,hn Snith i H ow the strotiL'-tnintdcd of her sex would have pitiedl and despiased her. It was dreary sotitich ot that August I evening. a?t Mr Smithli screwed his key S.into tin latch and gronped Iris way in. No light. No firc. . Ile sat down in thle hay witdow, arnd stared ahout the vtlntIt rioni There was his smil'es wnnrkloaaket Oti -the table, whil cJuohny's forgottolt rattle i lay tiI the flout chse bt'y. 'It's deuced loneily ' mnittcred Mr I Smith, with sinmethitig if a shiver, I IJ hope Jenny w.n't srm;y IntIg.' a Anld as le lightred his cigar antd wllU't-d iwt;,y, a guilty sense ot hisown i eht'r ctIililng. caie ulponii Imi ii. , SIt nimuist avre behn rather a slltpidr i life fir her hiere, ,our little thing,"I thought hr.. ' I nighit have ronte holus A eattly to keel? leu cotul)niy, a giCit tItniay times, when I didi't. - She had to sew a great deal for tbechildren ; and now I coma t,) reflect upon the matter, Jenny has grown thin and pale of late.' Ifd moved his chair uneasily. 'I suppose they are at Bilberry Farm by this time,' said to hirrself. 'I tsnp pose the younkers ;Ire in bed, andl Jenny is sitting listening to the nightingale. I've almost a mind to go out there myself t-nmnrlow evening ; it would be a pleasant surprise fur Jenny and -hallo ! what's that 1 A ring at the bell ' John Smith shuffled along to the door in his alippers. . O'hb, a telegram ; now I wonlder who should telegraph to me.' Mr Smith carried his buff-envelope back to the parlour light; tand somewhat nierruasly tore it openl.. 'To .lon" SMTtr.--Railroad acci dent. Your wife is killed, and your bchild dangerou-ly hurt. 'Come by the mext train. JA?ED M Ea 'iettr, M I).' Agatn anl again Mr Smith's bewildered eyes roved over the co- tents of this tappalling missive, befotre he could fully coumsprehend its deadly seaning. 'Dead I Killed l' lie mnuttered to himself. ' My Jenny killed by arailroad accident '{ Atd then, datching-a railway guide from the book-shell, be whirled over its leaves with a trembling hand. The niext traini did not leave the ter mitnus under an hour and: a half. An hour and a half ! To him the time tinme seemeel almost like eternilty. . NIow could lie eindnie this awful agony of soul for all lloTr ili a; half? . 'Perhaps they ..are incorrect,' lie muttltered to liiiiself, wipitg the beads of cild sweat'from lii.i brow. 'Peplle can't always judge exactly in snch ' a monmeut of dismay. I Perhaps she is only badly hurt': and I iI 11 nurse her.! throughi it,'after all. ily:Jeniiy ; iy loving, palient, sweet-eyed wife.' A strotig :sb ?ruse ?ul itti his thruat, as if it would strantigle :hii.. N?'o, no, shae is killed !' hla ag*ped,clas his e3es-fell conce'more on' the telegram.I ' Diead ,And 1 never can speak toL her agaiin, or tell her what a cruel, exactilig t brute I have been. God knows i I didn't mean it; anid now it is too late 7ti make any.f;attmeids. W \by didi't the children go too 1 How can I briig thet up -without-Jeanny 4' . t His head droiped low in his quivering ( hiands; a low,: spasmodic gronii burst t from his pale lips..: An hour- aid a half h:befire he could C get th Jenny; half 'an hour, theus beforei he conild reach the scene of the acci- y dent, and look npoti her dead face. ':If I could oily live my life over alain,': ho cried aloud t tile bare waillsc whilat tight ill his armis he c!sped Jenny's little work-baskt,ke with its strip i:f uilfilnished hlemmiig --.all. lhati was left to hint of the fair, departed t presence. 'If I could only speak: to ti hier just once, and ask .her forgiveness e fr a' thousand thiligs. I3ut nos it is to i late--ue late, and--'?? le stopped abruptly . '' The sountl of a cub driving hastily tiup to the dour, the reituiated jerk of the bell.ire, roused hinm onca more into n ruluctait actii,. i. Jolll I dear John !': a 'Jeuny l mnysife! " . He stood pale antd stupefied, `staring hi at her ais if habe acre ctuallyiy a ghost a returned from the regions of-space and w uiinreulity. ... -. 'There has' bees a terribte railriad accident,' said Jettily, her voice faltering, its site laid the hbaby downl ol a sofa, aino took little Joohliniy loviigly on hier lap, hi "a few milesibeyond 0 --. ''Tllree or i fiour persns s aere:' killed, -but, thatk 01 God ! we espaped uihurt. Of course, 1 as tok the irst train biock that I could, for cc I kliew you aould hear of, it ,and be ulneasy. Alld tiily think, dear, there H was a poor mother killedl, withi her little babe ill hier arms, and her nanme was the u sanle as untine-' Mrs Johtl Simitlh.'; lie poinited tiiie trelbli.;r finger to the telegraim which lay open ot: the p! tuable. Mrs Smith mead it with dilated eves p eyts iadl. tule farce. 'Oh, ny hlove, wihlta'frightyou lihav had;!' nhlle .xclimed. And :onlly to rehtect it nightLthavebeen me.'- Pt? r liut ii is llot. Oh tt th lttik Elenvet P msy own darlitig wife, it. is not,'"-gapbpd ci the hushsind;J'hbildiiim-, his ractverid fJ treasure cltcue to his'htriet;r; ' and', hhve 1 yet titlme to live tiy life over agsi..t' at And froijunthat .hour Ji~hn Sitith: wits ht a clhaltged mcli. !),+ :· ++f,-;- i 