i „ THE FATE OF YOUNG CHUBB. " > 'vfvom Mix Attellr'a Out'of the Hurley-burley.) ' ' " AVhon Mf.' Chubb, tho' elder, returned from, lEnropo, he 'brought with' him;V tqiuia'tiirb: iinutioal box, long' and very harrow, ind alto- 'gather of hardly greater d i niopsions s'i(y, thap 'a'lsrgd poeket-Vhife.; Tho insftument played 'foitr obeerful litllo'tanes for the Tienefit of the ll iv S ' J ' < vr ' . ' rjnnoo rsroiiy, anu vqey eojuyuu .iv. . xuuug- hHenry'Gi enjoyed; it to snob an extent tbat, i one day, just after the machine had bean wound up ready for action, ho. got to sucking the end of it, and in n moment of inedvertcnco it slipped, and ho swallowed it. Tboonly im mediate consequence of tho accident was that a harmonio stomnch-aaho was organised upon tho interior of Henry Chnbh, and ho experi enced a restlessness which ho well knew would defy peppermint end paregoric. Henry Chubb kopt his secret in his own soul, and in his stomaoh also, dotortniDcd to hido his intenso misery from his father, and if possible, to spare a rod to tho spoiled child — spoiled, at any rate, as far as his digostivo apparatus was concerned. But that evening, at the supper tnblo, Henry had oaton but nno mouthful of bread, wbeu strains of wild, mysterious music woro suddenly wafted from under the table.. Tho family immediately made an ciTort to discover whenco tbe sounds came, although Hoary Cbubb sat tboro filled with agony aud bread and tones, and desperately assorted his belief that tho music camo from tho cellar, where the servant girl was con cealed with a harp. He well know that Mary Ann was unfamiliar with the harp. But he was frantic with anxiety to hido guilt. Thus it is one crimo leads to another. But lie could not disguise tho truth for evor, and that very night, whilo tho family woro at prayers, Henry all at oneo began to hiccough, and the music box started off without warning with " Way down'upon tbo Suwaneo River," with variations. Whereupon the paternal Chubb arose from his knoos and grasped Henry kindly but firmly by the bair and shook him up and inquired what he meant by such condnet. And Henry assejrtod that he was practising something for Sunday Boliool oelobration, which old Chubb intimated was a singularly tbiu explanation. Then they tried to got up that music-box ; overy timo they would seize Henry by tho legs and shako him over tho sofa onshion, or would pour somo variety of emetic down his throat, the instrument would give a fresh spurt, and joyously grind out, " Liston to tho Mocking Bird," or " Tlionl't Nover Ccnso to Lovo." At last they wore compelled to permit that musical-box to remain within tho sepulchral recess of Young Cbubb. To say that the un fortunate victim of tho disaster was made miserable by his condition would be to express in tho feeblest manner, the stato of his mind. The mora music tbefo.wns in his stomach, the wider aud nioro complotely ohaotic became tho disorderio his. soul. As likoly ssnot it would ooeur that whilo ho lay asleep in tho midiiio of tho night tbo works would begin to rcvnlve, and would play "Home, Swoot Home" for ono or two hours, unless tho peg happened to slip, when tho cylinder would switch back again to " Way down upon tho Suwunco River," and would rattle at that tuno with variations and fragments of tho scales, until Henry's brother would kiok him out of bod iu, wild despair, and sit', on him in a vain effort to subdue the seronodo, which, however,' invariably proceeded with fresh vigour when subjected to unusual pressure. Add whon Henry' Chubb went to church, it freqpontly occurred tbat, in the very midst of tho qiost solcnlD portion of . tbo sormon, be toojljd ' (eol a gontio disturbance under the jotjor" .button of his jackot;". and presently, j$fh;cy?cy.thing was hushed, .tho undigested Mginri would'givo n preliminary buzz and then rffo'Jf VLjston to tho Mooking Bird " and sepleajS'eeroiscs, until tho clergyman would stopjunp.glare At Henry ovor jiis spoctaclos nnd wlpsp.ej'Tp. one of, the doapon's. Then tho segt'on would suddenly took up tho nislo and olutch'tho unhappy Mr. Chubb by tho collar and apnd down the nislo again to tbo accom paniment of " Homo, Sweet IJomo,", and then incarcerated Henry in tho upper portion of tho oburch stocplo until aftor Parson Whit's long sormon. ' "( ' . But tbo end camo at last, and tho'miserabio boy found peaco.' 'Qoe (jgy whilo ho was sitting in sohool endeavouring to learn his multiplication tp tho tunor at." Thou'lt Never Coaso to Love," hjs gastrio. juico triumphed. Something. or othor.in tho music box gavc.way ni| at once, tbo springs woro unrolled with alarming force, and Henry Cbubb, as he folt tho fragment's of the instru.ipe.nt hurled right and left among his 'vitals, tumbled over on the floor and shortly oxpired. At tho. post mortom examination thoy found several piece's of " Homo, Sweet Home " in his liyiir, .whilo ono of bis lungs was severely torn by si fragment ,'oC "Wpy down tho Suwaneo Kiver." Small partlolos, of. "Listen to tho Mooking Bird woro; rorpoyed from his heart And breast-bpilp, and, tiir'eq brasp pogs of " Tbon'lt Ncer Cease ,fo, Lovo" woro found .firmly driven into his 'fifth rib.. 4 They had no musio at tho funeral. They Sifted tho machinery out of .him and huiicd him quietly in the e'eraotory, ' )Ylienovor tho Cbubbs buy musical boxes now,. they got them as large as a piano, aud chain them to tlio wall. " ' A'Tra<iedy of. Yhe Sea. — The British hhip "Euxine," bound from North Shields for Aden, was destroyed by' firo in Ilia South 'Atlantic in August last. Tho crew took to ti;e boats, 'which soon separated from aacb other. .' The oeoupants of on'p boat lost ail their provisions and water, and aftor enduriug tho pangs-of buogpr for .some .time,' drew lots to dcoido wlnol) of then), should bo .killed to pro- sorys'tha lives of his comppuions. The 'lot fell upon an Italian sailor, who was killed and out up. Only a fow hours afterwards the otbors were picked up by the Dutch ship Java Packet. The Batavia ' Ilandlesblad ' of tho 3rd inst. says : — " For several days they had oaten nothing, and had endeavoured to quoooh thirst by sea water, so that one of them, wholly exhausted, strove to stab himself in despair. IIo was, however, restrained by tho others, who proposed that, considering tho circumstances, it should ho decided by lot which of tho six should bo the first victim to save his comrades for awhile from deatli by hunger. In oonfonnity with this plan, six pieces of wood of varying length wcro cut; tho mate held them in his hand, nnd caob of themcn drew out one ; lie who draw tho longest was to fall. Francis Shufus, an Italian, was tho un fortunate whom the lot assigned for it. Meekly and without a murmur ho submitted, and noon ho gavo up tho ghost uoder tho knife of his hungry fellows. Some hours afterwards, nnd whon they had justcommonced their horrid meal, a sail was sighted on the horizon, whither their courso was immediately shaped, On lite evening of the same day — August 31 — tho fivo rosoued persons com pletely exhausted, reached tho deck of the Java Packet. Captain Trapped nnd his sub ordinates immediately did nil they could, by careful treatment, to mako tho fivo unfortu nates forget as much as possible tho misery suffered. Yesterday thoy woro brought here, naturally des'itutc of everything, and aro living in a sailors' iodging-hnuso nosr tho wharf. Their names aro James Archer, second mntc; August Mnllcr, Victor Sand- strom, Manus Schutt, nnd Alexander Vor- moulin, sailors. Tho romainiug comrades in tho two othor boats have, according to n Lloyd's tolcgram of to-day, arrived at St. Helena, without accident. " Interesting to Parents ani> Trades men —Mr. District Court Judge Dowling, in the District Court, giving judgment in " Leader and another v. Dilling," romnrked on tlio onse ns follows " Tbo plaintiffs nro drapers, living in Sydney, and sued the de fendant for the bainnoo of an account amount ing to £88. The goods wcro supplied to tho defendant's wife and daughter in the short space of twenty months, tlio original account being for £114, that amount having boon re duced by payments mado directly by tho wifo of defendant, and deductions made by tho plaintiffs from tho salary of tho daughter. During the timo tho debt was being incurrod, the dnughtor of tho defondant— now only six teen — was nn apprentice to the plaintiffs, and for a short -time was receiving first 5s , nnd then 10s. per woek; ns these sovorai sums ac crued due, the plaintiffs acorcditcd tho de- fondant's account with the paymeut of a liko amount. Tlio plaintiffs finding at length that tho account amounted to £88. then sent him a bill. The dofondant is a jobbing carpenter, whose average receipts weekly amount to £2 10s. — £3 of which ho gave weekly to hie wifo to pay all household bills. Her son gavo hor also £1 per week for bis maiotooaneo, thus the wife had £3 per week to pay the expenses of the house — in my opinion onipie, consider ing the defendant's position. Tlio wife had no income of her own, and though tho defendant and family (eight in nil) wero living in a four- roomed houBe, nominally thodofendant's own, ho had to pay 5s. per wook ground rent, and owed money for the same. Tho defendant's daughter is evidently a person of very expen sive habits and tD9tos, inconsistent with tbe position of tho daughter of n jobbing enrpen- tor. It was admitted, that during tbo 20 months alluded to she had had goods out of the shop to the amonnt of £74, nod many of these woro of a very expensive naturo. As to tho goods supplied by tho plaintiffs to the daughter, it was admitted that tho dofendant might not bo liable for them. Tbe dofendant resisted paying tho whole account on tho ground that having furnished his wife with mbney, according to bis moans, eufiioicnt to find tho family in tho necessaries of life, and clothing, sho was not bis agent to contraot this debt.- There was hero certainly ao ox- press evidence of assent on tho part of tho defondant thnt plaintiffs should supply his wifo and daughter, and of tbo impiiod consent there was not sufiiciont evidenoe to satisfy me. I fcol constrained to find a verdiot for tbo dofendant. Tho loss will ha great on the plaintiffs, but thoy have no ono to blarao hut themselves. Thoy noted without due caution in entrusting tho wifo and daughter with tho goods in question." Mr. IVindeyer, instructed by Mr. GnnuaD, appeared for plaintiffs ; Mr. Teece, instructed by Mr. Brown, for dofendant. Extraordinary Recovery from Snake- Bite Mr. J. Mulvany, Staff Surgeon, R.N., reports in the ' Lancet' a case of snake-bite whioh presents many peouliar features. A Tamil woman, far advanced in pregnancy, was, in October last, bitten in tho right foot by tho terrible tio poionga of Ceylon. Tho women was tho wifo of tho stoward of tho Naval Hospital of Trinoomailco. On being bitten she shouted for hor husband, who instantly ran to her assistance, tied a string lightly round the calf of the leg, aud tiion ran for tho "amiko doctor.'.' Tho paiu was intense from the out set, and in. fifteen minutes after tlio bite was received (6.30 n,m.,) convulsions supcrvonod. Jn on hour and a half tho.nat jvb doctor arrived, and eppiiojl 9 snakestono. Nunibnoss from tho foot tip tlio leg to tlio hndy soon set in, and accompanied by. loss of sight, aud at 10 o'clock she was insoosiblo. . The snakestone.rejtjped ' adherent four hours, falling off at ll'ii.m. Being acquainted with the husband, Mr. Mul vany was allowed to watah tho case, but was , not pormittod to render any assistance on acoount of tho woman's oasto. She remained in a stn\d of coma until 4 p.m. ; from this time she began to mend, and at 11 a.m. next day, parturition. " lioraldod by loss of vision" sot ill. She was', safely delivered on tlio following morning of n child which was greatly swollen and livid, and had been dead somo time ; tbo foetal circulation appearing to liavp acted " as a safety-valve to tlio mother," tfie poison being diverted from her system into that of tho oliild to such an extent that tlio recovery of tho former was purchased by tlio doatli 'of the latter. Speaking of the snake wliioli had givon tho bito and tho use of the snakestono referred to, Mr. Mulvany makes the fullowing interesting statement: — " The snake wa9 found, nnd put ioto a oliakie, and given to my captain (F. P. Doughty), who took it on board tho Magpio. It possossed tho characteristics of tlio orotalidto in an eminent degree; was 3 feet eight inches long and 3£ ' inches in girth. In confinement it did not mako any effort to eat or drink ; frogs jumped harmlessly ovor it, and lizards and chiokens uomolestod huddled up in a corner of tho'hox. A dossil of lint saturated with chloroform, and tied on the end of a long stiok, was applied to its nostrils, and it inhaled tho chloroform with great gusto, following tho movoraonta of tbe stiek in every direction ; finally, tlio head was got outside the box, and tho nock jammed by tlio lid; tho fangs wcro then exposed, nnd a Gecko lizard ' (Plaiyidaotylus muralis) ' was impaled on one of thorn ; it died in two hours, and a small chicken similarly treated diod in twenty seconds. The suako reoiainod nearly tbreo months on board without eating or drinking, was quito torpid by day, butvory active as soon as night set iu. It shod'. its skin on December 7, nnd was in tho not of ' shedding it a second time when it was neaidentally killed by being placed in tlio sun. Tbo snuko doctor, besides a liberal use of in cantations, gavo antimony internally, and dropped its solution into tlio oyes. Tlio stono which ho applied oujoys n wide-spread reputa tion, and its efficacy is attested by numerous authorities. Sir Emerson Tonnont cites somo remarkable oases in whioh it was usod with success. The snako-stoues aro mostly disc- shaped, black, and heavy enough to sink in water; they wero found by Faruday to consist of obarrod bone, blood, and colouring mat tor, and it is probable that their cellular structure confers on them an nbsorptivo power to which tboir efficacy is attributable." The Four-year-old Emperor. — Tho Fuochoo Herald' says tho late Emperor having " asaended upon the Dragon to bo a guest on high," His Majesty Taai Tien, uged about four years, has been proclaimed Supremo lluier of the NatioD. It is needless to stato tbat but littlo is known of tho Child-Emperor beyond nursery gossip; yet tho todies aro already ut work, and the infant prodigy is spoken of as " boiog wonderfully bright nnd intelligent." Tlia Empresses-Dowager, and motbor of Tun Chi, are, wo think, inoro worthy of suoh language — having proved themselves not ooly good honest ladies, but likewise able proficients in statecraft. Tu these high personages is due any credit tbors may be accruing from tho clovor stroko of policy by which the reigning dynasty— cor- rupt and inseoure as it is — was saved. Tho Rogenoy of tbo Empresses is in some rospoots n guarantee that tbo Stato polioy will ho maintained, This policy is what wo thould term of tho liberal conservative order; under its influences the country is slowly adopting- tbe soienoos of Western nations, but at tlio : same timo retaining all the corrupt worm- eaten institutions of past ages. The splendid resources of tho country aro undeveloped, tho people are subjected to arbitrary taxes, and tho administration of justiae oxists only iu name. The Empireis overrun with a hungry tribo of office seekors, whose only ambition' and sole aim is to onrioh thotnsolvcs at tho expenso of tbe unfortunate inhabitants. If wo turn to foreigoors wo find tbat their posi tion in tbe aountry — although guaranteed by troaty — is not what it ought to be, end that virtually tliey are losing rather than gaining ground. The late Emporor was atteoije during his illness by two physicians— Messrs. Li-Teli-K and Cbwaug-Show-Ho. On tho apparent oonvalesoenco of their patient thoso worthy gentlemen wore promoted to tho Mondarinato. His Majesty dies, and tbo pbysioians aro — according to tho ' Pekin Gazette' — summarily deprived of their but tons and feathers. We cannot but tbiuk that thoro is a good field at the oapitai for enter prising gentlemen (minus diplomas) willing to ronder thoir servioes on the principle of "No. euro, no pay." Messrs. Li-Tah-ii and Chwang- Sbotv-IIo may oongratulato themselves upon having savod their valuablo heads. If they, are of a philosophical turn of .mind they will, bccomo rcoonoilod to tho loss of buttons, feathers, and other effominate govrgaws, and in future sbuo the favour of princes. - Jenkins announces tbat " o dinner glove, of soft, uuglaxed kid, is the latest nobbiness." But isn't it h'orriblo to think bow many thou- sands of people nra depraved enough to go to dinner every day without having any glbvfs' on at all ! 