A O-ond Ternular Settlement. —Tin- Taranat-i If era Id say's :? — A Good Templars' settlement is proposed to be formed in' the pro vince. His Honor the Superintendent lms re ceived a letter from the .District Deputy of tho ruraniilfi Good Templars (Brother Skcet), asking fur information wlu'ther ihe Provincial Govern ment would entertain an application from a joint slock company for a block of 100,000 acres (or not less than 50,000 acres) of land, upon a deferred payment system, for the purpose of forming a Good 'Templar's special settlement, i'he letter states that it is proposed to forma com pany under the auspices of the Independent Order of Good Templars, for tho information of i bemajide settlement, one feature in the rules of Jit; association being the prohibition of tho salp sf alcoholic liquors within its boundary.' Other persons would be permitted to join, and enrolled is shareholders of the association, provided they ngvco to the articles of association. His Honor has forwarded this letter to the Council for its consideration, aud we have no doubt the scheme will recoive erery- consideration from the members, but is moro thun probable that,' before granting the request, full information on the subject will bo required. ? Drowned in the Darling.— On Tues day morning last, the Oth instant, the steamer. Ariel left Boarlcoon her return trip to Adelaide, with all hands safoly on board. She had scarcely reached' Jandra when one of tho men, ?atned Spencer, a deck hand, was missed. Cap tain Anderson immediately stopped the vessel, and a search was instituted, but to no avail. In-' formation of the occurrence, was dispatched at once to Bourke, and search was made by the police along the banks of tho river for the body of the missing man, but without success. It is the opinion of Captain Anderson and all on board the Ariel, that the unfortunate man mil it hare: accidentally fallen overboard and been struck by the paddle-wheel directly after. As no one ou board saw tho accident, it remains a mystery as to when, where; and how it occurred. We .?ire informed the police 'have given notice of the circumstance at tho various stations along the river ; and, no doubt, should tho ? body rise, it will be found' by some of the upward-'bouud steamers. The Ariel remaiuod at Jandra whilst tho banks of the river wero boinx searched, and then continued her downward course. Up to the time of our going to press, the body had not been found. — Central Jiiftralaniun. Narrow Escape.— One of the narrow est escapes from the possibly fatal consequences of accident occurred on tho 22ud ultimo. Tho accident itself is also of the strangest character that has been recorded cither, in Auckland' or elsewhere. To comprehend the strangeness ot the occurrence it is necessary to enter somewhat into detail. At tho back of Mr.' Short's (hairdresser) premises, there is a 'lean-to' roofed with zinc, having a flreplaee with a brick chimney ^twenty feet .high at the south-eastern corner, A large brick building forms the northern boundary of Mr. Hardington's yard, having also a high chimney overlooking the ' lean-to' already mentioned. Mr. and Mrs. Short had been to Morccr with some friends, and arrived on thoir return homer about seven o'clock in the eve'uing. They prepared to have supper in the ' lean-to,' which was used as a kitchen, but were induced to accompany their friends to Hobson-street. When they came back they found the ' lean-to'- Actually destroyed and the place where it stood heaped np with bricks. ; Upon obtaining access to the yard, they discovered that a largo slice had. been taken out of the corner of Mr. Har dington's building. In faot, .thero was an open, way through the house into the itablo iheds. The fact is that the higher 'chimney of Harding ton's premises must have fallen against. the lojrer level chimney, and tho wholo' Weight of the two, .with part oi' the contiguous walls, fallen _ al together upon the unfortunate ' lean-to' or kitchen. Had Mr. and Mrs. bhort not been in troduced to. accompany their friends a little way, one or both of them must have been seriously, injured or killed. So narrow an escape from death vre do not remember to hare heard of. — ChriticMrch Preu, July 2, ; - . . Tin? New Bishop -r-itbe bUhM.fi Australia and TaemanUi who 'are at mmK&1 residence irf-tf^'-^ftfK,Whl unanimous, agreement, eleoted Ltbe Eighth- 1 Matthew Blayaen Hale, tord Bishop ofS 1 to fill ,the vacant Bishopric of Brisbane ^ I appointment cannot be regarded as quiU'MKfifil until a telegram on the subject hasbLrS I from the, two Australian Bishops uwW'l land ; but the Metropolitan hopes towdififl communication from them' next Wcetmdi? i lordship does not entertain any doubt* ft.? £? expected message will befarourable. The no?1' I noted Bishop, who.is willing to accept theZ I will then be dulv annninfwl Tt,» d._ ?!,..- I laic accompauiedthoBisLop.ofAde]aideloto I iountry, and laboured successfully in his di^ -I or some years. .as Archdeacon of Adelaide I I Jic year 1854, tho Bishop, while, on a visit b I England, endeavoured, to procure some rei;,f I rom the labour connected withthe adminiih I ion of so extensive a diocone: His efforts finX I ?osulted in the formation of the.new dioce«J I Perth, to which- the Archdeacon of Adelaides I ippoinled. Archdeacon Hale proceeded to I England, and was consecrated Bishop of hA I it Lambeth, oft St. James' Day,' July 25th 183? J the consecrating Bishops' being the ArcakiC 1 )t Canterbury (Dr. Sumner), tkeBishop'bfLn' I don (Dr. Tait, now Archbishop of Cautbrbnnl ;l ind Dr. Bickersteth (at that time andstillBisft 1 af Kipon). — Qnccnalaiuler. ''.vl Sectarianism in Debate.-it ^ I l)e well that the champions on either «idd thooli I road Lessin'g's great play, ' Nathan dcr Weise.' I Thc'Gi'rmjn poet introduces a'scene bctircealli'''| Jen-Kathan nnd^the Mah'ommedaa Snltsj-a I which thelatterasksthe.fornier.whichwaitbtia I religiun.- Nathan in.repljc, relates, the folloiriii I anecdote.:— A certain man. owned a miraedni ? ring.wnich he. pr9.r0isjed.tft leave to.that nu tf --? his three; sons whp.beha.Te'd best during the rs'i ? lnaitider of his life. Each' of tbe som ittonki'l diligence and sobriety tq'ob.tain the retvard-ij' I on his doath-bqdjthe father called each on k.' I parat*ly, andjpivssented 'him with whatappanj I to bo the promised ring, having preriouslr U I two others mado -exactly similar to theooek I already possessed. Somo time aftertlie fatberi I death, the sons fell to arguing, and encli declsrrl I hiuiself the possessor of the magic circlet, and I displayed the ringhis ftrtherhadgirenhklt. I ing unable to arrive at a conclusion, they deferred I tho matjter to a judge.— Here 2fathan 3topjfJ,.jl and the Sultan enquired what the story bid to ? do with his question as to the one true religktjl Nathan replied that all' sects were inthepoiiSa il ol three sons: each one knew he was right, bit, ? proof was impossible. The tale convey! a lita I lesson to those who fanatically denounce tliw ,1 ders of other tenets than their own, aiding. I either by argument or force, to prove a mjiiaj I which death alone can solve. — Aiheaamt - -I Fatal Accident. — On last Toe% I afternoon, between the hours of «ne aidtnvl o'clock, Frances Eliza Hoed, tho.onlj dinjitj. I of ilr. John lleed, . oCr-Bourke, while stmiij';! 'before the fire, preparatory to going to.iclwlil aee}dentully sut her clothes on firo. ..Mrj.Keei.B the mother cftlrc. girl, was gittirig'outsiderai};'! varaiidnh at the time, quite unconscious dWm peril of her duuglitef. When the girl siirtliifjB her.cbthcs were on Ore, and tliiiikins' there ra^l no our in- the house to assist her, she rusMjill into the street screaming, and made for lii'l ]Jourko Hotel, close by, running through tin I various rooms, in a frantic itato, and iototbi- 1 bar; whore she was seeu-:by SBveralperwtiiinll'B herelothes all inflames about her. She ru I thrown down by Mr Michael BrenoanwhoiiiiV difficulty, .extinguished the fire. J)r. Gnatl who was close by, and saw tu e girl on £», ? quickly ^ prescribed the proper rernediej. Ill -1 unfortuiiate .girl (who was the only sarniiat 'I child of her parents) was fearfully burnt, vi ? lingered in fearful agony till Thursday i»M noon, when death terminated her uSerqn ? The grief of the bereaved parents is inconioliii I this being the scco'nd catastrophe whichliil* I ruft them of their only children, as it willb/%1 membered, by, old residents of Bpnrke, tkttjk I son of Mr. Eced was accidentally drownediatltl Darling Jiiver gQme. seven years ago.TftsWj Australasian. ?'? ? ? . ?: ?.. .. ?.'??';'''' I Awkward for Ladies. -On. *yim the darkest nights during last week, wto^B cold was: intense, and the rain literally c«ffl|iB down in bucketfulls, two ladies got lost *? Mounfc'Tavren'gower; amongst the creraiieiui;B gullies which cross and recross ono another;B;M inextricable confusion, and wliich_are:Mi!(»M tively yet unexplored in that Ticinity. '!'?[!;? ppars, a lady, accompanied by her lemit, UjH started away during the day in search of '**'? which' had been missing fur soino timei«;B after wandering about -here, and there, am ' shades of night' came on, and totheirlomB they, found themselves far ? from their mm drenched to, tho skin, .arid minus tlieirwfl which had bnen lost in a mud-hole in IrjittB extricate ?? their feet. After 'climbjox «'??? hills, and descending steop gullies, to tb«i*»B nont danger of their livei.-they, to theiriWJB relief, descried a glimmer of light throjW »? glqonn and 'rain,' and hastenod to the *«-*? which they found proceeded from 1 iwJB hung to a whim- ifter getting ™«r,u?« were afraid to make themselves known, MH knowing *hat kind of characters m» »m The boy at the whim seeing, as he WmM two shadows flitting about on. th?Tan{e,JM the a'tteritionof tte inanat the brace, wto wm the boy to go and.iee who. they we».: :!»»? tor. orobablv thinking of ghosts, !#,*? bushrangers, declined. Tha: -brMeW1, « went, and after hearing their pitiful Wt, m djafely put them on the right road for M which they reached without farther'* Had they wandered about the 'Momt.ltaJ night, I might hare had a far won»«?» relate.— Mount Alexander Mail. .^ Extraordinary Escape from vm wo.— One of tho moil; wonderful »|Mp« » a watery grave that we (Ovens and mmf vcrtiser) have ever heard of, occurred in 000 trict on Sunday last. On Saturday, Mr. JW pf- the. Grange, accompanied hy a ?»' ^ Thompson, went over the iirer to 0i«W some cattle, and on their retura _«rM» panied by one Johnson. A short diiUne*™ Beechirortb. side, a portion of the w'^ tween two of. the-. smaller bnigei w»JW away. Mackay and Thompson mWW across in safety, but their companion?^ furtunate', and ho and his horse we»-ew away by the force of tho current whttj J' across, the road. ' Johnson iras MfflJJ^ about 200 yards down the stream, and.g* was borne into, a clump of saplings,. »ff .which he clung tenaciously, and to WJW relief fpund'a footing on what he sup»««' the rail of a fence, the water-nwanwhiloOT and eddying round him up to nls nec,*'S.w Boeing the. danger of hii oomrade, ''v^ off.- and returned with assistance. JWj however.: was altogether beyond wiw^ was evident that his situation »«?'» ?°VS one, as the water was up to ^/-.'^ cold, and running fiercely around anapw To attempt to get at him with the mean «» disposal would .hare been sheer «*£ it-, seemed as if the Vf* .^jgffi Messenfiers . wore- -speedily dupat«t^»^ garatta for a boat, and a» the 'W™^! and dusk begaa to set in, fire» *»» '^, the dry ground to light up «'»«3vg| fortunate man's position was uiaeea -v one— clinging c'.jnvulsi»ely t°-aVrrt-3i sapling, benumbed with tte fI4 «»ffl sipht of friendly assistants, *h» »?CT render him any assistance. »ndfiUK'' w .«T«W.i heartrending . to h«ton .to *» .^g thelive-long night the W»- o»n«X'ttl strength, begotten of despair. *- «wy .dpport; H« remained in hisi ^toSJ night,'all the next morning, «o ho* »£* to lire through it all it is d'^^/Sl About 8 o'clock' w Sunday ^«J Hk Wonderful Oure.-^It will Win the Collection of oar readers that, on v tha 1st of EinW last, Altai Monaghto, daughter of Mr; EKn Mohsghan, .farmer, of Oranmeir, aged fcten or' 'eight years, met with a most serious Eeidentby being thrown from a horse, which Ed galloped away with her at full speed, and Em, which she had psrtially slipped off, while, fcr foot becominjj entangled in the stirrup ?either, she was carried for three or four hnn Wred yards before she fell to the ground, which ms very rocky at the place. When Dr. Gentle Brit saff her she was dreadfully bruised about ?be face, had a compound fracture of the leg, as tell as a compound fracture of the arm above ?he-elbow. The doctor reduced these fractures fcjnuch as possible, and he went, as did also EwFLlevrellyn, frequently to visit her. For up Br#u3 of six weeks one of her family was never ?rob her side, and the result of all this has been ftjeffeeting of a wonderful cure, as the child is Eq'# as well as ever, shows no lameness, and in Ktnoone would know that such an accident E& ever ocoured to her. — Braidwood Dispatch. jNarroW Escape. — On Tuesday night, William Johnson, youngest son ef Mrs. John L: of Ryrie-strcet, lud a harrow escape from ?tior juttbeatod, if not burnt to death. The Ehretircd at about ten o'nlook, leaving his Bother at her sewing, which she continued for Eftt an hour, when, fancying that she smelt Eaething burning, she rose from her work and Kicle search in the room, and the adjoining one Bit, to ascertain its whereabouts, but, finding Killing, she went to the bey's. bedroom, which ?ia'an adjacent building. Here she discovered ?& issuing from the door, which was fastened ?tide, and the boy being so sound asleep that Khad the greatest difficulty in waking him. ! UHUUUUD DU ill? fjVV Up, UlVlf UttVa. LUB threw the door open, from which -erfect volume of smoke. Mrs. John ?anfor assistance ,t« Mr. James Ma got up, dressed himself, and cams at was discovered'that the snuff of the 1 fallen upon some socks and papers vhicli had been smouldering for some had not broken into flame. These nguished as soon as possible, and ; made safe, but it was pome time bo boy thoroughly recovered conscious not until the next morning could he nything about the smoke. — Braidwood lase of Drowning.— The Gawier Us that, on Monday, the 21st Jnnc, a six years) of Mr. E. Lonndale, was a. South Para Eiver. The little fellow, ?al companions, had been catching fish sen brought down by the recent floods, a the holes alongside the river, and, bed until they were tired, the young. d hands and went iuto the main stream ir cf the mud in which they were en the deceased, was at die end, and the msed him to lose hi* footing. He, still retained his grasp of the next 1, who iu his turn clung to the third, hole three wera in imminent danger of iwned; but a lad named Busbndge, 1 11 or 12 years, son of Mr. Busbridge, ir, ran into the water and caught the ie boy nearest the bank, and rescued -.m. The deceased, who was in the the rivar, lost his hold of his 'com md was carried away by the curront. rch was made fer the body by the po ted by Messrs. Lonsdale and Bus id Corporation men, but their efforts less until midday on Wednesday, whan is were discovered about a mile beyond ion. On the circumstances being ro to Mr. T. 0. Jones, J.P., he considered t vnnecessary. lissing Girl. — Nothing has yet irered of the girl Marshall, whose dis ie, on Sunday week, was reported to on Wednesday. Many contradictory d rumours aro afloat, and the police 9 in for more than the usual share of cause they have not succeeded in un what is beyond doubt at preaent, a itery. The police havo spared no effort Qg up every story that has oomo to iflodge, and in every case only to find have been misled. Wo are not in the f sparing the polico when they havo censure, but it is unfair t-- blame thorn scovering that to which they have not ie slightest cluo. The girl was parted be Sunday night by her sister at St. Church corner, on her way to her em. iome, which she never reached, and she ' been heard of since any more than if i had opened and swallowed her up. e have, therefore, nothing to proceed e missing girl's antecedents offer no proceeding. She was a retiring, well ?irl, and without companions. Nothing ay reason for suspicion that she has I herself. As littlo reason is there to uiy object or reason for anyone olse ier. From the time she left her sister netho polico began inquiries about her, southern Cross left our harbour, and any reason for her leaving by it, the \ so successfully concealed her from ight could have put her on beard on sy without any .previous' concealment, ?ome of the rivor craft left in tT»e in iJot, then, the difficulty eeaurs, what fi induced her to go by any of them, i, in such a cold wet night, seek a trip 10 have bcon with equal convenience iroe weather. The whole is a deep wd of itself is sufficient to excite the id skill of the police.-H. TjMtrtitry. Stamp Act— The Stamp Act has \- a deserved, though somewhat unex «te. Owing to Mr. Forster's ignorance lei of Parliament, th« Bill having oo ?ny valuable hours, and passed several ouRh Committee, had to be abandoned. « buen introduced in proper form ; to Ity owe* to a technicality what .should a due to tho patriotism of members, pnp Aot is not needed, there Wing s idauco of cash in tho Treajuiy. no one fwjterwill regret the loss of th» Bill ; if, is that honorable gevtkmaa upon Mt is inexpedient, that «? may safely to predict the reviTal of thetfcneanirt. uurer will certainly make another at push itthrougu-«nd he will, of course, li°-i -'''I11 -'»»tom,.be.. proportionally ? ' l\r\ew of the faot that «uch * her wished for nor wanted* And the y which has procured tho failure of ? so common a matter,. that one would Posed it would har* even escaped' Mr. obtuseness. All Bills, to impose tax \- tbe founded on resolutions passed b/ ?tteeof Ways and Means j and, though iwoof scrutinising the inception of tax f wen »sgiRned to this Committee in «'ely recent times, still the function be '?f8.IUMJy as dogs the other and more Kanty of ttoppa^ extravagant votes *-?!.*'! i *nrou4wthe committee -of iib.?- whoJ» woidenTmay be taken as a Station of the mttter in which Pwlia i«uv. a of th- ^''^tare »nr at £a.wnt: $& »e.5Tioira«inethat Crfffif of,ln'tin« which tupplies I^W.knowJWge; and they blunder rj*»ft*f««r iwuion, with an asinine ^^g«htte-g.oi.tedby Koneyi-Nuwo'i wagei. ' '???' 