INTERCOLONIAL. ? -v ? _ Drauuiit Honsus for Queensland.— The following draught stock were purchased for Queensland (says tbe AnAmhmnn) at the sale of Mr. Morley's stud in Melbuume, ou the 21st ultimo :— ' A chestnut mare Polly Rogers, with foal at foot by Bryan O'Lynn, was bought by Air. a. uiiuttio, (it (jneeuslaiid, lor 21 guineas. Two mares by Sir William Wallace, servedby Miiiilnd, were bought by Mr. 8. Uolitlio for 60 guineas each, and the same gentleman pur chased a bay mare, by I'riiicu Charlie, served by Muirlad, for 'ft guineas. Mr. W. O. Ynille pur chased the bay mare Jess, by Karl of Montcil.li, fur Mr. J. 1*. Boll, of Queensland, at the price of !l!l guineas. A Mack marc by Iron Duke was bought by Mr. S. linlitlio for 55 guineas. A chestnut Tasniar.ian marc was bought by Mr. S. Ijiilithno lor 4!t guiucas. The same gentleman also secured a groy inure at !il- guineas, and a brown mare at 80 guineas, both by Coiuiueroi'. Duchess, by Duke of Kdinbur^h, was bought by Mr. W. C. Vuille for Mr. A. Town for G7 guineas. Mr. W.C. Yuille, as agent for Mr. J. P. Hell, imught Hose, tln-ee years, by Iron Duke, for 7(1 ifuiiicas, 1)1 -ssum, three years, by Iron Duke, lor 72 guineas, and a (illy by Grant's Conqueror for 7(i guineas. A two-year-old lilly by Pride of Scotland was bought by Mr. S. lj.ilitho for 3« guineas. Mr. S. lioiitlm secured a line chest nut filly for 56 guineas. Shouldn't Wonder, rising three years, byLycll's Young Lord Clyde, from Flower, was bought by Mr. Bolitho, for 280 guineas.' A Volunteer Paeadb ix Sydnev.— The S. 31\. Herald of the 2Sth ultimo says :— ' On Saturday afternoon a commanding officer's parade of the city and suburban volunteers took place at the Paddiiigton Barracks, and there was an exceedingly good muster. The Artillciy were under the command of -Majors Wilson and Wells, with Lieutenant Murray as acting Adju tunt. Captain ltowe had charge of the corps of Engineers. The Sydney Battalion of Rifles was commanded by Majors Raymond and Richards, with Adjutant Captain Chatfield. The Subur ban Battalion was under the command of Majors Uoodlet and Jaques, with Adjutant Captain Wilson. Surgeons Nolan and M'Donagh accom panied the Artillery, Surgeon Patison the Sydney Uattalion Rides, and burgeon Mackellar the suburban battalion. The Artillery fell in at the Hyde Park Barracks, whence they marched, pre ceded by their baud, to the Paddiiigton Barracks, where the Rifles were already assembled. The whole force, on this occasion, with the exception of the Highlanders, wore the new helmet, which materially added to their martial appearance. The brigade was formed up iu one of quarter columns by 3 o'clock ; shortly after which the' commandant arrived. Colonel Richardson was attended by Major Bayucs (brigade quarter master), Captain Christie (major of brigade), Captain Cromptou (musketry instructor), and Surgeon Dansey (principal medical officer). The force was inspected rank by rank by Colonel Richardson, after which the little army took a inarch into town and back to the lively music of the various bauds. The fife and drum baud of the Cadet Corps on this occasion took part with the other bands and acquitted them selves creditably. The Brigade baud was under the leadership of Lieutenant Cullen, and that of the Artillery under bandmaster Cork. These bauds headed the column ; but the Sydney Battalion was preceded by the drums and fifes of the Public School Cadet Corps and the Suburban Battalion by their own drums and fifes. The route taken was by South Bead Road, Oxford-street, College-street, Macquaric strect North, Bridge-street, George-street, turn ing south to Liverpool-street, and so by Oxford street to Victoria Barracks, where the men were dismissed by their respective commanders. The force has probably never presented so creditable an nppeanuice as on this accasion. Subjoined is the field state :— General staff, all ranks, 14 ; Mead Quarters' band, 32 ; Artillery band, 21 ; drums and fifes, Sydney Battalion, 20 ; ditto Suburbau ditto, 25 ; Artillery Brigade, 459 ; Engineers, 84; Sydney Battalion (1st Regi ment), 440 ; Suburban ditto (2nd Regituont), 400\. Total, 1495.' A Daring Escape.— A correspondent scuds particulars of what is, perhaps, the most thril ling adventure in connection with the escape of a prisoner over recorded in the annals ot the colony. The neighborhood of Shoalhavcn was the scene of the excitiuc enisode about to be related, tho principal actors in which were a notorious criminal named John Jobson and Senior-constable Gall, a member of tho Buugonia and Tarago police. For some time past the horses upon the stations of Messrs. Doyle (of Fairy Meadows) aud Shauab.au (of Molougly) had been Btoleu iu a most daring manner by systematic and well-concerted measures. Jobson was fixed upon by tho local police as the per petrator of those depredations, and warrants were accordingly issued for Ilia arrest, which were eutrustea to Seniur-uuastableis Tre&cy; and GaiL The constables got a clue to their man, and succeeded in tracking and arresting him at the head of the Shoalhavcn, and Gall forthwith proceeded to escort him to Goulburu. Pursuing their journey, the constable and his prisoner reached a precipitous gully of some 1500 feet iu depth, its jagged sides and yawniug mouth fiii'iniug a Bcene of rugged grandeur fearful iu its awful majesty, terror-inspiring to behuld. To the prisoner, however, it presented an avenue of escape, desperate though the venture. Quick as lightning he dashed away, and, bounding like a hunted deer, lie threw himself into the gaping chasm. Gall at once started in pursuit, and drawing his revolver, fired five shots in succession at the escapee, as lie leaped from craig to craig in his headlong flight. Some of tlie shots ionic clYuct, l'ut, though wounded, Jobttiu continued his i:oiuv;c. Gall attempted to follow him, but in doing so he missed his footing, and was precipitated down the raviue, a distance of 4-iu feet, where lie was afterwards found severely injured. The prisoner got clear away, and has not .since been heard ot by the police, lie appears to be a man of indomitable courage and ready expedient, for, in addition to his intrepid escape iu the present instance, he Iv.is twice previously broken out of gaols in which he has been confined. He is described as being about 40 years of age, 5 feet fii inches n height, stout build, fresh complexion, brown hair, blue eyes, burn mark on the left arm. He is si native of Bungunui, and a farmer, by occu pation. The Mur»i:r at Mhhriwa.— The- .IM'lmid 3/i'rcnri/, of Saturday, contain* a vury lenglity report of the inquest on the body of Poarsoii, murdered nuav Meniwa, and also of the exami nation of the three persons arrested on suspi cion of the crime, and says— 'In our issue of Saturday, the l!ith instant, we gave a low general statements, concerning a murder roiii mitted at Middle Creek, about ciulit miles fr;im Mcrriiva, on or aliouttiie 4th instant. Tliu b.nly ot a Him, as has been alremly staled, was dis covered in a dry foully about l.'iii or 2'in yards from a hut, where the deceased, whose name was John Pearson, liml lived for about f.venr.y- i two mouths, inlorniatiou was given to the police, and to Mr. Hettinglmi, who held a magis terial inquiry, extending over the two days, Thursday anil Friday, tho I nth anil lllh June. The result win* that a verdict of wilful murder was returned ; anil on Sunday mnruiuj;, the 13th instant, Senior-sergeant Kerrigan, accompanied by constables Doyle and Mooney, arrested John Muller and Mary Mullor, his daughter, ami William Binges. Deceased lived iu what was known as Mullcr's hut, though Muller himself had not been living there for four mouths pre viously. The trial of these three persons com menced ou June l.jth, aud extended over the Kith and 23d. On the latter day John Muller was discharged from custody, and examined as a witness. It may here be mentioned that of the 'magistrates who took their seats on the bench Mr.- Oliver Suumlcrs, J.I'., was the only one who heard the case all through. 1 he magis terial inquiry at the police- court was of great length. Mary Muller and William Burgos were committed for trial. The former made a long statement extending over about hall'-aii-hour. Both protested their innocence. Two Lakhs Lost ox MouxrTAnr.ANOowKR. — A correspondent from Maldun writes to the Muinil AltJ'nwhr Mud as follows :— 'On one of the darkest nights during last week, when the cold was intense, and the rain literally entiling down in buckctfuls, two ladies got lost on Mount Tarrangower, amidst the crevices and gullies which cross and recross one another in inextricable confusion, and which arc com paratively yet unexplored in that vicinity. It appears a lady, accompanied by her servant, had started away dining the day iu search of a cow, which had been missing for .some time, and after wandering about here and there, the ' siiade.s of night' came on, and to tlioir iiorror they found themselves far from home, drenched to tlie skin, aud minus their boots, which had been lost iu a niud-liole iu trying to extricate their feet. After climbing several hills, and descend in? steep gullies, to the imminent danger ul tlieiy lives, they, to their intense relief, descried a glimmer of light through the gloom and rain, and hastened to the beacon, which they found proceeded from a lantern hung to a whim. After getting closer they were afraid to make themselves known, not knowing what kind of characters were near. The boy at the whim seeing, as he imagined, two shado\ys flitting about on the range, Rilled the attention of the man at the brace, who told the boy to go and see who they were. The latter, probably thinking of ghosts, Indians, or bushrangers, de clined. The braccniau then went, and after hearing their pitiful tale, immediately put them on the right road for home, which they reached without further mishap. Had they wandered about the Mount the whole uiglit, I might have had a far worse story to relate.' Anoi'T land-sharks the Hamilton correspon dent of the Cntmimv. Alt/urn writes :—' We had a Government land sale hove on Tuesday last, and, as usual, there \yas a good sprinkling of the laud-shark genus iu attendance. I am told that one of these worthies, hailing from Mortlakc, was offered ilion cash to hold his tongue; but the shark modestly asked £15n ; and another of his brethren wanted a like sum as his Mortlake brother, for the same lot of 32n acres— just £3(10 between them, and nothing less. However, their modest demands were not complied with, the gentleman choosing rather to pay Government a high figure than allow tho.-.e bare-faced swindlers to pocket his money. In Uivciina those gentry have of late burnt their fingers, and, by a combination of bond Jij-' buyers, those gentlemen might be taught a lesson. In the case under notice, the Morllake shark and his friend lmvc the consolation of knowing that they have each lost .j£10l- by en deavoring to take too large a bite.' 