FAMILY READINGS. CHRISTMAS IN A SHANTY. BV OLIVE THOBNE. Bertie," whispered scyen-year-old LUy, mysteriously, " I know where to find Santa ;, Claus. Barbara told me." . , V " mere I" cried Bertie, dropping the block 1 that he was about adding to his house. " Out on the hill," LUy went on, eagerly. " What hill I" asked Bertie, jumping up from the floor. w w "The one the moon comes over, i™ra. gays," answered LUy. " And I guess it s that one "-pointing to the peak of a mountain, , miles and inUes away. "Christmas Lyes this very night," she went on, earnestly. « Let's you and I go up there and see him and pick out our presents," said Lily, starting down stairs. . Bertie followed. Barbara had gone to the kitchen for a fcw moments; Mamma was busy iu the parlour with company; and nobody saw the two children creep down stairs, open the front door, and slip out. "I wonder which way it is t" said LUy, when they had reached the walk. " Oh> 1 guess that way, 'cause there's the lull, and she turned the way that led from the village toward the woods. The sun was just down, and away the eager children tramped, too much excited to feel cold, though they had nothing over them, and too much afraid of being overtaken by the nurse to linger. When they reached the woods, it looked rather dark, and Bertie was afraid to go in. But Lily said they'd soon bo there, she guessed; aud the Christ Child would take care of them, 'cause he loved little children. So hand-in-hand they entered the dreary wood. It looked much darker inside, and in feet the short winter day was about over and night was falling fast. Anxiously the two little wanderers hurried along, not saying much, now running when the ground was smooth, aud stumbling along over roots and sticks when it was rough. " I'm cold, 'u I want my mamma," burst out Bertie, at last. " So am I cold," said Lily, "and I guess we must be most there; and then think how nice it'll be!" "Will it be warm?" asked the anxious little voice. "Oh! of course, and light," said Lily, cheerfully, "aiid plenty of nice tilings to eat." "I want something now," wailed Bertie, the tears rolling down his face. " Well, don't cry," said Lily, in a soothing, motherly way. We'll soon be there now." And on they trudged, through swamps half up to their knees, falling over logs, scratching tlieir faces on bushes, hungry, cold, wet, and at last frightened, when the snow began to come down tliick and fast. " I want to go home," sobbed Bertie. " "Well," said LUy, " we'll go," and they turned around, aud began to retrace their 6teps. But, alas! they had not come straight, and they ouly went further and further from home. The prospect of going home quieted Bertie for awhile; but when some time had gone by and it was almost totally dark, and they could see nothing, and ran against trees and hurt themselves, even Lily's coinage began to fail, and the tears ran down her face, though she tried to choke them back. But still they stumbled on. " Don't cry, Bertie," the brave little creature said, after a while. " If we die out here in the woods, maybe the robin redbreasts '11 coiue and cover us up with leaves, as they did the children in the woods in my book." " I don't want to be covered up with leaves," sobbed Bertie, who couldn't see any consolation in that. Just at that moment they came out from behind a rock, and they saw a light. Lily was ablaze iu a uiinute. " There it is! There they are ?" she cried. " Look, Bertie! That must be the place !" Aud they hurried on, losing the light now and then, as a tree came iu the way, and finding it again in a minute. When they came near the light they saw that it came from a window, aud when they got close to it they saw it was a small house aud a door was beside the window. Lily knocked. In a moment it was opened by a negro—old and bent and white-haired—who gazed at the two weary cluldren as though they were ghosts. " Please, sir, are you Santa Claus asked | Lily, with trembling lips and tears on her clieeks. " Santa Claus 1" said the bewildered negro. " Bless yo' heart, who's that? But come iu out o' the storm. Yo' must be nigh frozen to death. Who's come with yo' ?" and ho peered out mto the darkness. "No one," said LUy, timidly, half afraid of his looks, yet reassured by MB good-natured voice. ; "Wcoamo ajono, to see Santa Claus. But I'm afraid ta ) miMod tho way." l ««Oome ^i% Jtl4a W«6ld the yiJUfioT! he ,qf*pnuti4> % amazement, 1 «Did yo tMalaiowf I « Ko," aaidLily, casting down her eyes. | " Wo.didn't tcUhor." 1 yo' epqso yv done wumed away f Bertie burst into loud crying, and Lily ] sobbed: _ ; , • j " Oh! please "won't you show us tiro way back, I didn't think of that" I " Well; well, don't cry," said he. "Yo* must gej^warm and have a bite to cat, and 1 then POTfee about getting on yo' home. 11 ain't 80 young as was onst, and it's no fool of a tramp through these yere woods after uiglit, 1 I kin tell ye." J It was a droll little place that tlio children I had come into. The whole house consisted 1 of one room, roughly built, evidently by old I Philip himself. On one side was a rude J lounge frame, holding some sort of a coarse 1 bed and a blanket or two; on the other a table, made by turning a packing- box on one I side. The tilled side was given up to the I rickety old stove, the pipe of which went out J through a hole in the side of the shanty; and 1 a rough shelf behind it, on which wore a 1 plate or two, as many cups, a package or two I of corn-meal, tobacco, and other necessaries, 1 and a lighted tallow candle, stuck into a I liollowed-out potato. There was no chair, I but a soap- box by the stove looked as though j it was used for that purpose. A saw and saw-1 buck in the comer by the door, and an old I coat and hat hanging up, completed the furni-1 ture of the dwelling. But if the house was odd, it was warm, and the two half-frozen children eagerly crowded up to the stove. " Poor chillen!" said their tender-hearted host "It's a miracle yo' didn't freeze to] death out in them woods." We did most," said Lily, with quivering Lnd oh, dear! how can we get home a Don't you fret yo'r heart, my little lady," I said old Philip kindly. " I see about that C 'Pears to me yo'd 'mazingly like a hot I 'tater now, wouldn't yo', my little man 1" I "Yes" 'said Bertie, who was more than half I afraid of him. ' I Philip opened the door of his stove, raked J away the ashes, and there were two nice potatoes, baked to a lovely brown. He took them out, carefullv brushed off the ashes, J laid them on the table, brought out a cracked teapot with salt in it, and an old knife, and J told the children to come up and cat " If Pd a knowed I was gwine to have company to tea," he said, laughing, " I'd a j got up a supper in style. But eat the 'Laters | and I'll bake yo' a oncommon nice hoecake, Yo' like hoecake I" | I don't know," said Lily, who stood! irresolute before the table, not knowing just how to begin to such a meal. " How do you eat these i They're hot." "Sure'nuff "said Philip. "I done forget Vo'wasn't used to my sort o' eatin.' I jest l cut off the cud drop a pinch o' salt in, and di" out the inside." I f> hasteuing to follow liis j directions for herself. As for°Bertie, he had already half devoured his potato without gaj t 1 Philip now brought out a bowl and mixed up some corn- meal in it; then,-brushing off the liot griddle of his stove, he poured the mixture on. In a few minutes he turned it over with a knife, and in a short time he handed it in the same way on to a plate and put it on the table. It was brown, and smelt good, and the hungry children eagerly de, voured it, while Philip made another. When they liadseaten as much as they could* and dmnk some water out of teacups, Plulip gave' —T;i,r Lily V a seat ™ on the aWbox.! shoa-box, while he turned a big stick of wood up on cud and sat down on that himself. He then took Bertie, who liad got over his fright, on to his lap, and took off the soaked shoes and stockings, aud warmed the little cold, red feet Lily, meantime, did the same for her feeU which ached with the cold. « Now teU me how yo'corned to ran away," said Philip, when they were more comfortable. '•We came out to find the Christ Child," said Lily » Barbara says he comes on Christmas 3?vedownon a hillanil gives the presents to Santa Glaus; and wo waited to pick ou« * " •Yes, I want a' horse't I can ride," saidI Bertie, who had covered his spirits now « p l u S ttogsf said Philip, comnassionatfllv "Yo' must have had a drefflo A ^ h L Z l M ? ? A 1 So he sat Bertie on the^^loungedjed, and C m Z k %^cfeilaican^in ai ho oponed it with a flurry -ofsnow, nearly putting out the light. Ho shut it quioklv, and stood a few momenta with a look of per-1 tomjplfixityonhisfece. I ** Til tell you what" he said, at length, in] answer to Lily's anxious look, "it's teetotallyl umpossible to go through the woods to-night. 1 1 wouldn't temnt it in this vere stonu alone, I light 1^11 go to the village and tell y'r 1 folks, an' they'll come with a sleigh. There's I a wood-road round a little piece down here." 1 "Bertie's lip went up for a cry, but Lily I 1 took him in her arms in a motherly way, and said : " Never mind, Bertie, dear; it'll soon I jbe morning, and we'll go home in a, sleigh,! maybe. Aid then ifll be Christmas, you know." They talked a little more, and then Philip I fixed a place for them to sleep. Ho shook up I the bed till it was high and round, laid one blanket "over it, put the now half-asloep I children in it, and covered them up as snug as he could with the other blanket " 'Tain.' much of a cover to them, I reckon," I said he to himself; " but I kin keep a fire all night, an' I don't suspicion they'll get cold." 1 Having fixed them as nicely as he could, J shaded his light so it would not shine in their eyes, and replenished his stove, old Philip sat down on his soap-box, and fell to talking to himself, as he often did out there iu the woods, for want of other company. I " Pore creeturs!" he «aid, looking at the I sleeping children. " What a marcy that they got sight o' my light. They'd be done dead by this time. An' to think the little inno-1 cents come out this-a-way to find Santa Claus. Pore things! Little 'nuff Christinas they'll have, I'se a thinkin'. I wonder what tlioy'r a-doing down to their house. Tearin' round fit to kill, I reckon. They'r somebody's darlin's I see plain 'nuff. Won't they be j powerful glad to see this nigga in the mornin' I I Yah! yah!" he laughed softly to himself. " 11 reckon they never so glad to see this child I afore. Pore tilings!" he went on, after a j little, " come out yere ta see Santa Claus an' J get some presents. Golly!" he exclaimed, as new thought struck him, " I wonder if I j couldn't hunt up somethin' 'r other to make a j hristmas mornin' bright. They'll be power-1 ful forlorn when they wakes up." He was silent some time, scratched his head, j whistled a little; and after a while he got up I softly and hung then- stockings up to dry. j I know what I'ze gwine to do," he said. I " Til give 'em some nuts and popcorn, anyway." He drew a box from under the foot of the j bed, opened it, and took out some beechnuts —delicious little three-cornered things, tliat I he had gathered in the woods. From the same box he took two or three ears of 6iuall popping-corn. As he attempted to push it back, it hit something, and he put in his hand and drew out a stick. " Golly!" said he again, " if there ain't the very stick fur a boss fur that boy that he J wants so bad. I didn't 'spect, when I done shoved it in under there fur a walking-stick, what I'd want it fur." It was a piece of a branch of a tree, aud on one end it was bent over so as to make a natural sort of a handle. It would do very well for a horse's head, too. So Philip got out his old jack-knife, cut a sort of a mouth j for the horse, dug holes in fte bark toirepresent the eyes, made a sort of a bridle of etring, whittled the end off smooth, and there was as fine a riding- horse as any hoy of five could ask for. " There," said Plulip, " that'll do fur the boy; now what kin I find for the gal. A long time he puzzled over this, till he remernbered some birds' eggs that had hung m his shanty for some months. He took down the old coat that hung on the waU, and there they hung, very dusty now, but not broken Carefully he took them down and washed them clean, breaking one or two, but on the whole succeeding very well. Then he strung them] on a clean string, and they looked very pretty ipdeed. T , " Little curly head'll like that ar, I know, said he, with a grm of pleasure on his black face; «an' I'll learn her the name of every kind." Next the droll old Santa Claus proceeded to prepare his pop-corn. He took out from somedark corner a sort of iron saucepan, and put it on the stove while he shelled the corn, When it was hot.he dropped in the corn, covered it up, and began to shake,it about, ibst slowly, andthenfester and fester as the com popped off in Little explosions mside; J every few seconds looking at the sleepers, to see that they didn't wake up. They were far too tired to wake, and when bo had poured the beautiful white shower out on the table, they had not.stirred once. Then ho went on toliang a stocking of -o^ch phild-pA tbfi wall iwar tho bod j and -then j %-toeing areund^s^thoi^lm^ f^iMgJ iU ^ ^ . ^ a a l ^ r f l i M i ^ Ffet, down in the too came beechnuts, filling 1 all the foot; then popped corn stuffed the leg into a funny, bunchy shape. Then over lily's he hung the string of birds' eggs, and over Bertie's the comical horse. All this work, varied hy replenishing the tire, kept old Philip busy till nearly morning, and then ho began to nrenarc breakfast. His opened nor eyes, At first sight of Philip a look of fright came ' into her face, and then she romcmbered. 1 " Ohsaid she, " I thought it was all a dream, and I was in my bed at home." "But you isn't, honey. Yo's my guest 1 this blessed Christmas moniiu'. Wish yo Merry Christmas. How do yo' feci i" " I feel well enough," said Lily, sitting up. " Is this Christmas, really " Yes," said old Philip. " See your stocking hanging up thar?" Lily looked around J quickly, " Oh ! what a lovely string of eggs. Oh! where did you get it! Is it for me f burst J out of her eager lips. "'Course it's for yo'," said Philip, showing all his teeth. " Santa Claus IUUS' a know'i I whar yo' was, an' done come down the cliimbly I an' leff it yere fur yo'." 1 " Oh! Bertie, wake up !" cried Lily, shaking I the sleepy boy. " It's Merry Christmas, and Santa Claus has been here." Bertie was wide awake in a minute, I " There's my horse," he shouted, as soon as he saw it. " Let me have a ride." And he snatched it down, got astride, and rode around I the small room, perfectly happy, I "Let's see what eke is in the stockings," j said Lily, taking them down, j " Oh ! pop-corn ! Isn't it nice V and they I began to eat it at once 1 1 4 And what are these?" she asked, as she j emptied the corn into her lap, and the nuts came down in a little brown shower, ! " Let's see," said Philip, looking at them I curiously, as though he had never seen them. j" Why, them's beech-nuts! Didn't you never ! see beech-nuts afore! There's heaps in the woods." " Xo, I never saw any," said Lily. " How do you open them ?" Philip showed her how to take the delicate nut, and she tleclared it to he the most delicious nut in the world. "Santa Claus made them on purpose for us, I guess," said she, It was some time before Philip could get them to have their stockings aud shoes on and eat their breakfast But ho hurried them by reminding them how anxious their mother would be ; and as soon as he had seen them fed he got ready for his journey. It did not look very promising outside The snow was a foot deep, though it liad stopped falling, aud lie resolved to start, " Xow mind yo' don't set the house afire, lie said, as he put on his buckskin mittens and buttoned his one coat tight up to his chin, « Don't let the fire go out, nuther, or you'll freeze." " Pll tend to itsaid-Lily. Philip said:" Good-bye. 111 hurry as last as ever I kin," aud went out and shut the door, leaving them alone. But not sad. Far from it; they were as merry over then- rude Christmas presents as though they had a room fallof toys. And how do you suppose the night had I passed in the home of Lily aud Bertie ? Hot so quietly as iu the shanty iu the woods, When their absen^ was discovered there was great excitement, deepening as the village was searched, and no trace of them discovered turning to horror as the storm came up and the hour, went by and no children to be fouud, and settling into despair when the various parties who were out hunting returned with no trace Ihere was excitement all through the village, but in their home it was agony. The father spent the night m scouring the country, the mother in going from one fainting fit to another, till the doctor despaired of her life It was a welcome sound when old Philip' voice rang out at the door. " Done loss any chillen yere f Mr. Deaue, who liad just returned, rushed out. "Yes Do you bnng any news * "Well,'spects 1 does. 1 wo chillen done spent the night m my cabin. " Come in," cried the father, hastily drawmg hun in " Where are they now? How did you find them? Where is your house? Btes you I'll never forget this!" lie poured out m a stream. "One at a time, Massa" said old Philip going up to the stove m the hall and spreading out Ins black hands to the pleasant warmth. "My shanty is oyer in the woods apiece—mgh on to two miles from,here, seckon. ^ ^ ^ S L ^ ^ v l km make out, to find;SantaCkm _ They see my light, aa» com^to^do' 'bought o'clock, I reckon, nigh about to au' starved the boy cryin', but the little gal bravo an peart to the last" By the time the story was finished all the household had gathered around, aud the fethei had Philip's rough hands iu both of his. " Bless you, my man, I'll pay you for this." " No, you won't," said Philip. " I don't want no pay. But them poung ones is alone the shanty, an' thuy mowat set it aiire, though 1 cliargcd the little gal to look out." " Is there a road % Can I get there with a sleigh?" asked Mr. Deane. " You can go purty nigh," said Philip. "Well, you get warm, and have some breakfast. Cook," turning to her, " give bun ' the best you can in five minutes, while I see about horses. You, Barbara, get cloaks and things." Seated by the kitchen table, Philip disposed of a cup or two of hot coffee, and some meat and bread in a few minutes, and when the sleigh came up to the door, he came out. ; Have you no overcoat for this weather f" asked Mr. Dcano, as he put on his own coat in the hall " No, sir," said Plulip. " The wood-sawin' business isn't over 'n above good since so many burns coal. I hasn't had an obercoat fur many a year." Mi\ Deane turned to the rack whence he had taken his. "Here's one for you," he said, handing him a heavy overcoat. Philip was overcome. Something choked him so that he couldn't speak; but he speedily ^ot into it, and followed Mr. Deane out to the sleigh. He was already in, and he bade Philip get in by him, and they started off. Of course, it did not take very long to reach the point nearest the slianty, though the road was broken, aud it was rather hard pulling for the stout pair of horses. When the father opened the door, he found Bertie prancing around on his horse, and Lily perfectly happy, studying out her birds' eggs. " Oh < Papa," she exclaimed, when she saw him, " Santa Claus came here, and left us such beautiful things I" See my horse!'' shouted Bertie. " Santa Claus bringed him." Mr. Deane looked around the room and understood the poverty of its owner, and a happy idea occurred to him, " Philip," he said, " in the chamber of my barn is a comfortable room, built for a man, but my man don't occupy it. I'm going to have you move down there this very day aud live in it. There's furniture enough about the house to make it comfortable, and I can find work enough for you to do all the year round. We burn lots of wood, and have a garden in the summer; and, in fact, I take you into my employment from this hour, at the best wages ,'oing, to last your life. You needn't say anything," as Philip struggled to speak, " I can never repay you for what you have done for me; but I'll do what I can. Now, if you'll help me carry these little ones over to tlio sleigh, you shall liave a team to come for your things." Well, tlio children were soon in their mother's arms; and Mr. Deaue, with the help of the whole household, spent the morning in furnishing old Philip's room. A very cosy place it was when all was ready. A carpet, a new little cooking stove, a nice bed, made up with white sheets and tilings, a table, a cliair or two, including one rocldug cliair, a cupboard containing dishes, tin and iron ware enough to set up a family, jars of sugar, and tea, and coffee, and meal; and, in fact, everything the combined household could think of to add to the old man's comfort—not forgetting a goodly array of half-worn garments from the family storeroom. And Philip! Well, he stood and looked at it in silence, taking it in item by item, till he reached a picture which Lily had insisted on giving, hanging it up with her own hands, and then ho just turned his face to the Avail and covered it up with his hands. And they all stole away and left him alone. —New York Independent. 