\- INTERCOLONIAL. , 'Ax'. extraordinary phenomenon . lias , been witnessed kt Gisborne (N^w Zealand), which may not improbably ' lead to some fresh discovery of the 'sub ' terr ahean wfal th of that mysterious dis ' trict. Tbe town of Gisborne is situated ' on a flat, and there Tie, unfortunately, for j : theresidentp, tin absence of a snpply of 1 water adequate at all times to. the re- j 'qniremenls; of the township. Not so very long since boring!) were mode in the yard of Biggins' Hotel, Makaraka, to ascertain ^ whether an artesian spring ' could not be struck. At one hundred -feet there was no indication. The same ' at two hundr-d. tt was proposed to try ! fifty feet more of boring. 'Still, at ' this depth, no result followed. Perseverance 'wsjlfcccomplish mu^. At two hon'drecl find seventy 'feet water rose to the surface, . and- jflHth the water came a stream of gas, .wfcicll Was found to be eon'tinu'oas. ^ The landlord of the Hotel then, by way of ^xperimentj.lpartially sank a hogshead, one end out, over the bore, and made all .tight. This done, 'a hole was ' Cllt into till* fnn nf flia Jinoaliofli? intri which a, pipe was inserted, and carried along for niapy yards into the hotel. Here a burner was §crewed on to the pipe ; the tap was turned -on, when a .'flame ;was applied, and the #as ignited and burped with ' a, steady light, 'as pore ^ anda6brightas manufactured gas, K' ^ctjntinnQd to brirn day and night, unless when turned off, when it accumulated in the hogshead. ' Whether the supply will continue or exhaust itself, or whether it can Tt»o .permanently utilised, or '^whether it 'will lead to the discovery of coal,' feelro&ine;,or somebituminouB or mflamma ble 'mmieral, will probably .be the subject of .flearch, :Snch an occurrence as ignitable gas'risiug from the earth is not altogether an uncommon phenomenon in: America — North and South— but we ire not aWare that it has been observed before in this colonj. The . water which flows with the gas has 'a somewhat peculiar ^ta'ste. It sparkles after the manner of sodawater whii^i has , effervesced, but W]^h,wheh. shaken, continues for some time afterwards 'to -throw op' small bnb rbl^^NsZJ-;JSer-^[ '' . _ . ?i : ;A ^A8iE' of considerable interest to those engaged in mining pursuits, was ^VsonMtfded at the 'Supreme . Ooiirt on j tiis 'ilonor ? Mr. j ^J^sfice - LWj(fych.e and a jnry of twelve, inter occupying; the Court .three gays. The-^arfciej3^tb the suit were Noonan and «th;feye, ow1aiers 6f the Glenmireprospect 'Sng , claim— -a Very fich one-^-at .Gympie and'Reftand, D'Arcy, and Metcalfe, Who hold the No5 south Monkland claim, a&jmiuijg.; The -? plaintiffs' * 'allegations were rto thef efiect ihat defendants had paBsed the dividing^ line of the claims, and taken' from the Glenmire reef, which j 'xuiis through the .plaintiffs' property, certain gold andqnartz, and converted it to their own use. For the(loss sustained 'aiuin ofiESbOO.was claimed; There bad ' been i# ; Similar' dispute between .the pre- ; sent plaintiffs and a defendant n'amed Hbllyman, and the matter — which was }ieaird.l-y the' Chief Justice oh August 18, iS7Sj when a [verdict had been entered ' for, the ptaintiffs. for £lOO'Q — had been referred td'Her Majesfy in Council.-. In the Jpresent case it was agreed that the olfly ' question. l;o be submitted to the t^urt rsh'onld he the assessment 'of damages, if. any, for the quartz tqken by Tthe defendants from the claim in dispute, While the 'subject matter of the previous ,8iut was not to. beconsillered. It was %}flOr. j^greed that whatever amonnt . .of - .damage the . jury agreed to should be paid by defendants to . of the Supreme CdttVt, to abide the event of the pending \- in /the- other 'action, during the ; _r^^^resB( of which, the alleged trespass] 'waj continued, and after which it was ; «Btimated tbat 138, tons of quartz were -'taken by : the defendants, when they were ? popped by an injunction of the Court, ^j^idence having been taken and dates \- ? established, the jury found that 56 tons ' ?'of qnartz has been raised by defendants 1 between March 1, -1873, and -May 25, 1 f ' 1S74, -p.d 20 tons from' May 25 to 28, \- 1874. ; JThe vajue of the gold from the ? lQg., and from ihe' ~~ ejecond* £577 10,s.' The cost of the cart . -infj^and .crashing both quantities was : '^5'lps, The, cost of severing the first. ^ ^^n^n^tty^WM J687 10s., and the cost of raising ^ the .'same,' £12 10:=., while the ° ~c6st of severing the second quantity was £35, and raising the&ame; £5. The yer ^fict was supplemented with the opinion ^t the £45 10,, ought to be deducted from' .the. dam The Attorney . 'General for the plaintiffs, in order to ?spveltime,, Was. willing to reduce the ver '? diet' by \the £12 10. .and £5. . His. Honor entered a verdict for plaintiffs for £1302, with leave to. move that it bfe re duced by the £87 10., the £85, or both thpse sums. — Courier. . . It is more than probable, (says the Melbourne correspondent of the . Courier ) 'that during the cricket season after next another team of. English cricketers will Visit, the-; colonies,- .Negotiations are 'already . being entered into by a gentle man in Melbourne with the two leading clubs of Melbourne and Sydney, with, the View of ascertaining upon what terms the two {principal cricketing arenas in each Metropolis can be secured. The money jto defray the expenses of the speculation j to be found in England, and it depends ^entirely . upon the liberality with which the leading clubs ar6 prepared to let their ) ground for two .paatches in each place, whether the team will come out or not. -As the mixture of tbe professional and ^amateur cricketer element did. not work fcarmpriioualy when Grace's band XS Viflited the colonies last year, it has' 'been deoided by the , promoters of the » V . ' %iext .Msit that - the; Eleven, will be an /entirely professional opej comprising . thejb^t professional talent to be ob . tailed In England. The jEleveh pur 'ppse boming oat sufficiently early to — have a^, least two months' longer stay , than the last Eleven had ; and after playing at Sydney, Melbourne, and Adelaide, they intend taking a ran up 1bo the North with the idea of testing the Skill and ability of the cricketers of ' Qaeensland, after which they will ' do'!. 4 tone jpf' the New Zealand provinces^ [ and play a final match' in Sydney and one in Melbourne. The ' chief obstacle in the'way of the visit appears' to be' the exorbitant price asked for the use of the grounds at' Sydney and Melbourne. Accident to a Blind Man.— 'A most peculiar accident happened to a blind man,' tbe Qeeloug Advertiser states, ' on Wednesday, about half-past 6. A team of bullocks was being driven alone Ryrie-street without a waggon behind them, when the blind man, who was crossing the street at its intersection with Yarra-street, and feeling his way with a long stick, came in contact with them, falling across the chain between the centre pairs. The bullocks, started with finding a load in such a peculiar position, took fright, the front ones kick ing out at the unfortunate fellow as he cliin? tenaciously to. the chain, aind the two behind seemed inclined to let him feel their horns. The rest of t'.ie team being alarmed at the commotion, also took fright, the whole of them rushing up 'Yarra-street, dragging the blind man along with them, who apparently was receiving Blow after blow from the qua drupeds' heels. When opposite the Wesleyan parsonage the driver, after using his utftiost endeavors, succeeded in bringing the bullocks to a standstill, and the. blind man was jerked off the chain and thrown in a heap on. the footpath. Strange to say lie did not appear in any way hurt or disconcerted at his unpre concerted escape, his only anxiety being that he would not lose his stick. His clothes, however, were considerably torn through being dragged along the ground.' ;? An M.D. and his Speaking Tube.' — ' jEgles,' in the Australasian , tells, the following story ' I have always felt great .sympathy for medical tnen dragged from, their watm beds on chilly nights to - attend some inalade imaainaire. . The inconvenience of responding to midnight knocks and.rings has induced the 'occa- sional, use of a speaking-tube, : one e'nd of' which is available outside 'the hall door,: and the 'flexible other end „ the doctor tucks, comfortably under his pillow. But even this 'contrivance is not without its drawbacks. . Dr. — — who is a' married mau and strictly circumspect, had' his new speaking-tube practically .tested the ' other night. He. had returned late and tired, fully resolved to have sgme needful .rest, and not to go out till next morning. He was scarcely asleep before, a signal camei 'through, the tube. .. 'Who's there ? said . the doctor, simulating rather unsuccessfully a female .voice. . The reply was the . name of. a disturber. who had before called him for some trifling ailment. So 'the answer was sent .down, 'Thfe doctor's out,' and. the colloquy was thus, continued : — Visitor : Sure it's yourself. that's speaking, doctor.. . M.D.' : The doctor's out, I tell yon. Visitor : Come down ; I won't keep you a minute. .M.D.': The doctor's . not come home yet. Visitor: Then 'it's time he. did — for I'll pwear there's a man in. his bedroom. And then that doctor corked up the end of his new speating-tube, and slid down the. bannisters with the chamber poker.' Clever Feat. op A Railway Engike. —rh- feat unparalleled in the annals of yaflway' eccentricities, was performed at Ararat on Monday afternoon. The points at the entrance to the station were left partially open, and as the up- train was about passing .through them the engine ran off the line. It travelled along on the timbers for 30 or 40 feet, and , then jumped, on the line again, nothing the worse for its eccentric beha viour. . A singular circumstance con nected with the affair' is, that none of the carriages or trucks left the rails. ' It Never Rains - but it Pours.' — Tbe following story is related by the Bal larat correspondent bf the Pleasant Creek News : — -About eighteen months ago a resident of this district, who boasted, and, I believe, truthfully, of the fact of the blue blood of an old family coursing through his veins, married, and left to settle elsewhere. At the time tbe cere moriy was performed the gentleman in question attracted jastihpt small amonnt of notice asually. accorded by the world to one who sometimes can afford three pennyworth of beer for his Sunday's dinner, but more freqaently 'cannot. However, a, few friends did assemble together, and wish all happiness to the newly-wedded pair, who shortly slipped away from . us unperceived, and not missed. When I state the wife (a .stranger hereabouts^ was as poor and un known as the man she knelt beside at the altar, I shall have said all that need be said concerning a marriage of. which few were aware, and about which as many cared. Hard work in another colony was to the couple the only reward that seemed likely to. mark the fulfilment of a long and affectionate engagement. Neither had to their knowledge kith or kin on the face of the earth, so placed strong reliance in each other when tbey plighted. their troth. Now mark what the whirligig of time brought about. In April last the hnsbard was ' wanted,*' nOt by the. police, but by, a firm of solicitors, who then placed him in pos session of some riverside property in ,L9ndon, the, rept roll of which means a little over £13,000 annually. He had kin, . but so far removed as to be quite unknown to him. The mail which reached last told of further . favors in store for the fortunate couple. The wife had succeeded, not to a title, bnt to what is better, £34,000, bequeathed to her by a natural brother, of ; whose existence she was doubtfol, and of whose whereabouts and ('as events have proved) riches she had not the ghost of an idea. A sheep drover named Nertz, em ployed in- driving 12,000 store' sheep from Mr. M'Bean's station on the Bur nett to Woorooma station, . was, on - Monday, August 2, at the Hay Police Court (says the Pastoral Times), fined Id a head for 3000 of - his flock that were indistinctly branded. The drover states that he has travelled the sheep about 1800 miles in 27 weeks, and that he hai branded his sheep twice during that time' The fine came to £12 10s, to which costs of conrt- bad to be added. The stock and station agents (remarks the Herald ) have good reason to mourn the absence of Mr. ^J. M. Ashton- batcher, 'meat-preserver, and contractor. .The liabilities are estimated at £15,000. .Messrs. B: Goldsborough .are in for £2700, Dougharty and Co. £2500, ani R. Strettle arid Co. £1500. These firms are the heaviest creditors. In conse quence of tlie continued absence of Mr. Ashton, they are beginning to be anxious for his safety. The following case is referred to in our telegrams : — At the Supreme Court, before His Honor Mr. Justice Lutwvche aqd a jury of four, tbe case of H. J. P. Atkinson v. the Victoria Marine and Fire Insurance Company, in which plaintiff sought to recover tbe sum of £600, for damage done to goods he had iusured with 'defendants, and which were destroyed by fire on December 28 last year, was proceeded with, and occu pied the whole, day. Mr. Pring, Q.C., for the plaintiff, reviewed and com mented upon the evidence of the plaintiff's witnesses, taken at the last j sitting of the Court, when the case was ( heard before Mr. Justice Lilley ; but, in consequence of the jury not agreeing, no decision was then arrived at. The, evidence for the plaintiff was, by con sent, taken to be a portion of the present trial, and was'read through at length to the jurors, after which plaintin; s counsel stated their intention of producing ad ditional evidence in support of his claim. Subjoined are the number of births, marriages, and deaths, during the year, 1874 in some of the principal registration districts of this colony Registration District. Births. Deaths. Marriages. Brisbane ... 1598 ... 796 ... 404 Bockbampton 585 ... 242 ... 142 Maryborough '534 ' ... 227 ... 159 Ipswich ... 772 ... 223 ... 10S Clermont ... 166 ... 63 ... 44 Gladstone ... 82 ... 3.2 ... 7 Mack ay ... 124 ... 82 ... 25 Towosvile :... . 94 ... 68 ... .42 Tonwoomba ... 469 ... 140 ...- ,80 Warwick ... 290, ... 85 ... 53 The . Maori journal Te Wananga, published at Napier, New Zealand, says : — 'Let us impress upon 'all our readers the necessity of having , their children taught all the knowledge of the European. In. this century ignorance is-death. Tol erate nb idea of mental inferiority. The perceptive faculties of the native races of these islands are perhaps more fully developed than those of any, other race on the face of the globe, and care and culture alone 'are wanting to make their owners . possessors of that . knowledge which gives both power and pleasure ; the means by whjch the Anglo-Saxon, race have' fought and overcome. . History in all its recrods tells ho story where any people have advanced in . knowledge and the , elements of civilisation wtih such rapid strides at the Maoris or New Ze&laiid.; ' . TfiE ninth annual meeting of .the sub scribers of the Rockhampton Benevolent Society , was held on Wednesday after noon. The report stated that the num ber of persons receiving relief during the year had been greater than during the previous year. . The. distress caused by tbe 'floods in March last had hot made any material difference to this society, the Floods Relief Committee having apparently met all pressing, cases arising from that cahse. The tickets issued during the year numbered 2464, and the persons relieved, 449 adults and 864 children. At the Asylum there were relieved 86 women and 22 children — mostly fiew arrivals. The Asylum has been found la great necessity for the aged and infirm. The building has been re paired and made more habitable, but the Committee regret that their efforts to procure a grant from the public treasury to build a new asylum proved unsuccess ful. The net expenditure for the year amounted to £700. 