Part Hf. "Consideration, like an angel, came." " Remember—the lower gate ; 11 o clock on Christmas night. Your husband will be at Spenrerville. Don't fail, love." These were Walter Mayne's parting words to. his Jfiend's wife. Walter — once the Jteverend Walter Mayne—the preacher of *' glad tidings," the man of God. Had he fallen thus? In him— " All manhood, excellence,fand self-respect, All love, and faith, and hope, and heart are dead." Love had turned to ashes in his tnouth ; only a miserable, guilty passion remained. '1 he day wore on. Night came. At 11 o'clock Walter waited at the lower gate of Kiugsley's garden with a carnage. Some one walked down the path towards him. Was it Eunice? No; only her confi dential maid with a message :— " Mr- Kiugsley had not gone to Spencerville. Eunice would come as soon as she;- could escape unobserved." Walter fell into deep thought. The great ness of the sin he was about to commit dawned upon his senses with all its horrible blackness. He thought of the unexpiable wrong he was about to do his old friend, Cuthbert. Then his niind dwelt on the olden days, and the adven tures they had together as boys. Then the Tempter whispered, "But he neglects her." And conscience returned—" Does he love her Jess now than he did five years ago ? She never loved him. She had no love to give him. Must he .suffer for her fault f" And then to what depths was he about to drag this woman —frail enough. Heaven knows! " Give this to your mistress," said Walter ; and by the faint moonlight he wrote these lines— " Farewell! Call me coward; and be a better wife to Cuthbert Kingsley, for he de serves better at your—at our—hands.—W.M." Fifteen minutes later, Eunice, standing pale as a ghost, on the verandah, saw Walter pass in at the door. He made his way to Kingsley's room, and said to him hurriedly, " My brother is not expected to live, and X am off to see Mm. Good-bye old man ! And I say, Cuthbert, be a ■ little kinder to your wife—don't neglect her so much as you have done. I know you love her well enough, but she likes to see it expressed. Forgive me if I hurt your feelings; we may not meet for a long time, perhaps never. Au And before Cuthbert had time to reply he was i>o ie. When the sun rose over theeastern bilis,a man drove into R— ,- whistling an old college air, while at his heart lay a dull gnawing-pain. " Watson ! Watson! " he shouted, and after some delay the sleepy landlord appeared, " keep these horses here tUl Smyth sends for them," aud he tossed him some money. "A11 right' Mr.; Mayne. You have been been driving pretty hard though. Where have you come .from ? " " flow long before the next train arrives? " asked the stranger, without replying to his question. " She's due now. Here she comes." Ten minutes later Walter Mayne sat alone in the train speeding towards Adelaide. # * *, * Eunice, I have to ask your pardon for my past neglect to yoii. Will you-grant it ? God ] helping me, I will be a better husband to you ' in future ■" I "O, Cuthbert, hush! It is I who should 1 pray and sue for pardon. I who am not worthy to stand in your presence. O, Cuthbert, if you knew how wicked I have been—if you knew how near I halve been to ruin, you would cast j me out. from your presence for ever. Last " Nay, Eunice, I do not wish to hear it. Whatever it may have been I freely pardon you first. Can you forgive me? " | " Forgive you ? Cuthbert, my darling, I have nothing to forgive." "And you still love me?"" questioned the husband. " 1 never loved you more than I do now." Reader, let us leave them, clasped in each other's arms, and hope they will spend a happier New Year than they did a^Christmas, and hope that their future lives wiU oe happier and better than their past, and hope that sometimes they will both send a compassionate forgiving thought after the desolate man, who wanders friendless and alone in wild uncivilized lands, a haunted Bohemian. 