Some men, who seem to possess, in a pre-eminent degree, all the qualifications necessary for success in life never get on. They see hundreds of others who have not a tithe of their ability, learn ing, and natural talent, distance them in all directions — rise to fame or fortune, or both, while they remain poor and unknown, except to a small circle of admirers. It is not easy to account for this, and very few take the trouble to enquire how it comes to pass, but are, content to accept an oracular but' illogical assertion that such a man is ' too clever by half,' or that ' he is altogether too good for this world,' or, if very benevolently inclined, by a vehement and indignant declaration that there is an universal conspiracy against the man to keep him down— a conspiracy originating in sheer jealousy of his superior talents and qualifica- ? tions. Much the same fate befals some of our colonial seaport towns. , Everybody is willing to admit that they possess great natural ad vantages and all the requisites necessary to make them great commercial centres, but somehow or o^her they re main little seaside villages, while other towns which are not credited with pos sessing anything like the same natural advantages, rise into importance, and really become the commercial centres which by general consent, the more favoured ones ought to have become. In Queensland, Gladstone and Bowen are remarkable instances of this inexplicable stagnation in spite of superior natural advantages. Ten or eleven years ago Bowen promised to distance all northern seaport towns and become the great commercial capital of that part of the colony. At that time a Bingle unim proved town allotment in a favourable position in its main street could have been readily sold for as much money as would now suffice to purchase a whole side of the street from end to end. A jetty was built by the Government at an enormous expense, and this was to be the crown and finish of the commercial supremacy of Bowen. All that re mained to be done after the jetty was completed was for merchants to go and settle there, build stores and import their own goods ; and for the squatters, ?gold- diggers,-and other settlers in the interior to come down and get their supplies from Bowen. Some merchants' did go up and build stores and imported their own goods — but very few came to buy them. After the first rush of settlement the population of Bowen de creased instead of increasing, and the district around failed to attract agricul tural settlement. Afterwards the late Mr. Robebt Towns, started a town ship a hundred and fifty or two hundred miles further north, which had few of the natural advantages of Bowen and no jetty built . at great cost by; the Q-overnment, but Townsville rose rapidly into importance notwithstand ing theBe drawbacks, while Bowen declined. townsville is now fast becoming what Bowen should have become according to the concurrent testimony of all the prophets, while the few residents who remain in the latter place seem to have lost all heart and hope, and can only mourn over the con spiracy which they say has been entered into by a majority of south ern members of Parliament to utterly crush it. Gladstone is equally unfortunate. Port Curtis was known and its praises were sung long before there was a . single' settler at the rocks in the Pitzroy river.' The disastrous Canoona ruBh brought the place into notice, and it has gone on growing larger and more wealthy year by year ever since, in spite of all sorts of natural impediments ; a long and intri cate river navigation, which can only float Comparatively small vessels, the river being obstructed by shallows and sandbanks, subject to tremendous floods, and otherwise objectionable for traffic ; while Gladstone, with a magnificent harbour capable of floating vessels of any size, and any number of them, with deep water close in shore, and healthy enough to be the sanatorium ; of the -whole colony — has remained nearly stationary all the time. Remained sta tionary, too, in spite of constant and most vigorous efforts on the part of its leading residents to bring it into notice' and notwithstanding the full and com plete knowledge of its great natural ad vantages which have been possessed by the public all these .years. Mr. Nisbet, our new Engineer for Harbours and Eivers, haB recently examined Port Curtis, and- reported . upon it. His report only confirms what we all knew before, but, in this ' slack season' -Tiyitu newspapef sy it has served to supply subject matter for leading articles to the whole press of Central Queensland. The Maryborough Chro nicle, the Wide Bay Neius; the Boch hampton Bulletin, the Northern Argus, and we know not how many other papers in the region round about, are discussing the '? subject. The Ohronicle, however, iB the only paper favourable to poor _ Gladstone— plain .proof of a conspiracy from jealousy of its superior attractions — and its chances of rising' to importance are now very shadowy indeed. Kockhampton may have been built in the wrong place, but it is too late to remove it, and the , navigation of the Fitzroyis much more likely to be improved than for a railway to be built to connect the Great Nor thern Line with Gladstone— its last hope. As if to crush this project for ever, Pilot Hatnes, of Keppel Bay, has discovered deep water within twelve or fourteen miles of Rockhauipton, which the Bulletin of the 18th instant des cribes as follows : — Tho new site below Central Island, in the Filzroy, is attraoting attention', and we under-: stand that fresh- soundings wore taken of tho spot by Pilot Haynes on Tuesday last, ns the tue-boat Mary pa93ed down the, river with the ofQoial . party who went to cub Dniy to bid fureweir-to the 'Premier. Along the proposed wharf site, for a mile, the soundings were over four fathoms, and Pilot Haynes states that from that place to Keppel Bay there is fully twenty feet of water . available in' ordinary tidos. In spring tides there iB considerably more than twenty feet. The river bank at this spot is level, and was only one foot under water dur- . ing the last greab flood. 'Whethor, ithereforo, it be & suitable place for a new township or not, it is evidently suitable for wharves or stores. : It has also the advantage of being on the,t;Own side of the river, and wo aro assured that were a bridge once built over Crocodile Creek, a fine carriage drive could bo made all tho way at, a very trifling cost. The distance by land is said not to exceed thirteen miles. It seems to be well worth inquiry whether the Government should not be asked to proclaim and survey a , township at tho spot, and give leases of Ihe wharf frontage ab a nominal rato. In the event of the place proving adapted for a port, tho Northern Railway might be carried down . at a comparatively trifling coat — say £60,000 or ; £70,000— and thus, the Central Districts would be provided with that very important requisite, a deep-water port easily accessible to the largest vessels trading in our coast waters. If this report' should be confirmed, Gladstone will have to wait until it is made the political capital of Queens- i land— as the Maryborough Chronicle \ says it ought to be and must be— ~ \ before it will stand a ghost of a chance against Bockhampton and this new rival. 'i:i '?'?;?? ? -'?-? ? -'?''?'? ?? -;^; ; ' ?' '. 