WEATHER, AGRICULTURE, &c.;, THE Bridgman's correspondent of the Maitland Mercury, 19th instant, writes that the weather there was fine and bracing. Some days are almost as warm and genial as in the middle of spring. < Feed for stock is abundant yet, and there will be a good sufficiency of, that necessary article until the young grass puts in an appearance.' Pleuro pneumonia seems to have considerably abated in this and surrounding localities, for, as far as we are aware, no further losses on cattle have been sustained by our stock owners. Crops look surprisingly well ; more so the young wheat, which indeed promises to yield a very good crop, if nothing detrimental to the further growth of that cereal occurs. A vast quantity of maize has been raised in this district last season ; such harvesting as four or of vo hundred bushels, made by one individual, as by, no' means a strange feature. One young farmer, Gooroo Beer, in particular! who only' lately got domiciled on a farm,' belonging to Mr Noble, of Glennie's Creek, has, by his constant and industrious labour, succeeded in producing about 500 bushels of maize, besides about 1 ton of tobacco; and this was effected on a piece of land which several parties had declared as utterly unfit to produce anything, and forthwith designated by them as a farm on Which nobody could make a living. News from Dubbo by the Advertiser of the 10th instant states that " spring's delights are now returning," and nature wears a garb of green. During the last week the weather has been very mild and bright winter seeming, indeed, to have given place all at once to a most delightful spring. Herbage is everywhere growing rapidly, and cattle and sheep are beginning to travel with greater freedom. Shearing has commenced upon several stations, and soon the season's clip will speak for itself. At Narrabri, according to the Herald of the 10th instant, the past week the weather has been magnificent-the sky clear, the air balmy, and the thermometer gradually rising until the warmth has become, if anything, rather oppressive. The Lawrence correspondent of the Grafton Argus, 18th instant, writes that the weather is now something delightful, business of every kind seems to be prospering, and wherever you meet a farmer he seems to enjoy thoroughly the prospect of a good harvest. The only individuals that look dejected on the scene are the drones and loafers, of which Lawrence has its full complement. From the Wagga district it is reported by the Advertiser of Saturday that after- week of rain, with wintry cold, a change come in with Sunday morning, which brought us fine spring weather, with a considerable and, as some will have it-an unseasonable amount of warmth. The intelligence from Queanbeyan by the Age of Saturday is to the effect that for several nights past there has been either a total absence of of frost ;, or it has fallen but very lightly, but during the day high westerly winds have prevailed. The temperature has more resembled that of September than the middle of August, and there is every reason to fear the return of frost with serious damage to the blossoms which have been tempted to display their charms too early The Broughton Creek correspondent of the Shoalhaven News, 21st instant, states that the weather has of late been very fine and warm. Farm- ing proceeds rapidly, but a little moderate rain is necessary. At Orange (says the Examiner of Saturday) the weather during the past week has been exceedingly fine, a cloudless sky with fresh winds being the ruling features. Judging from present aspect there is every indication of an early spring having set in. The wattle is in bloom, and fruit trees of various descriptions are beginning to blossom. The; roads are drying up rapidly, and the surrounding county is assuming a most healthy appearance. At the time of our going to press the weather had again assumed a threatening aspect. The Tumbarumba correspondent of the Tumut Times of Saturday reports that winter has given up the ghost at last. He' struggled hard in the tin ores of death ore he shuffled off; and spring, with all his wonted vigour, is beginning to make his influence felt on the aspect of Nature. The-wattle, too-which is very abundant in parts of our bush-is sending forth its yellow flowers. After such a severe winter it is refreshing, to witness the dawn of spring. From the Monaro district we learn by the Mercury of Saturday that regular summer weather has prevailed throughout the week. The nights are delighted ful ; only a few very light frosts have fallen. Whilst the people about Adaminaby and Buckley's Crossing are in hopes of having a spell of dry weather, they having had occasional falls of snow, the residents in the vicinity of Cooma would like more rain. Wednesday afforded a striking example of the changeable weather of Manaro. Mr. Kirwan, the r stmaster, says the maximum heat that day was 71", and the minimum 25', showing a difference of 46' within the 24 hours in Cooma. Occasionally there have been strong gusts of wind. ' Gentle showers of rain j fell on Thursday night and Friday morning in town. By the Crown correspondent of the Albury Banner of Saturday it is stated that from the 17th instant they might well date the advent of spring weather, which has for all agricultural and horticultural interests been greatly wanted. It is not too much to say that had the change not come until the season was so advanced as to entail a sudden and extreme transition from cold to heat our crops would have stood but a very poor chance. The genial weather now intervening appears, so far as can be seen, however, to meet the difficulty. The sudden parching up of the land, and consequent swelling of the crops, will, thus be so far averted. Previous to the change the crops in this, quarter did not present anything of a promising appearance, especially those put in late ; but, while so far backward, the indications produced even by these two days are sufficient to encourage the hope that a fair general harvest is in store for US.' 