LITERATURE, ; Literary Notices. THE singular phenomena of spiritualism a: ginning to attract the attention of poets, and to be peculiarly adapted for poetic treatment do not here allude to the poems which «.re s be written by mediums under spirit influenci rather to those which are written by ord poets under the inspiration of their own g A bard of this type gives us the following lied account of the late case of shooting at r posed spirit at St. Louis, in America. £ Timkbns offered to give a medium fifty dolli he would produce a face at an aparture in a ca and allow it to be shot at." The medium, Cl accepted the challenge, and submitted to the ditions imposed by the challenger. The ca' was simply a shell of boards, 6 feet long, G¿ high, and 2 feet deep. The gentlemen conn« with the St. Louis papers assisted in tying medium, lie had to disrobe before he enl the cabinet and put on clothes which had provided for him, and then he was firmly sec to the bottom of the cabinet by seamed rt which were passed through holes oored foi purpose. There was an aparture at the top of cabiuet about the size of a face, and directl front of this a loaded rifle was placed so thal ball, if fired, must pass through the centre of curtain. A heavy plank was placed behind cabinet to receive the ball and prevent it f injuring the wall. These preliminaries ha been settled, the audience waited for some tim see what would occur, when suddenly a face peared at the aperture, which is thus describee the ST. LOUIS HKPUBLICAN'S reporter : '. Thei was, a pale, ghastly countenance, that looket though it might have belonged to a girl of se teen at some previous time in the world's hist It was a face that might have belonged to s Greek maiden 2000 yours ago, and reminded on rnarblecountenanc«of some statue All who saw were fairly trinsflxed with astonishment. The tures were perfectly clear and distinct, being i minated by a soft light. There was not the slij est movemtmtof a'muscle or of an eyelid 1 could be distinguished. A voice in the cab cammanded ' Fire I' The rifle exploded. The f unmoved by the operation, continued some mini in view, then disappeared aa it came; and in ah fifteen minutes the medium was released, exci and «xii-tufted with his labours, an examinât of the c ibinet eh wed that the bill passed throi the saat opposite the window, and" it'was foi in the plauk hung down beyond. The r -pus w found as tense ns when they wwre first tied, i on the door being opened the medium was foi securely bound. The medium claimed the sp that appeared as his cousin. The money was p by Mr. Timkens^on the spot." The entire Pi delegation state that they were unnble to disco anything like deception in the affair. Our read will now be able to understand the.narrativa done into vesre, and also to appreciate the force the last line in the poem, which line implies only explanation of the event that is posBi provided tbe hypothesis of the spiritualists rejected. The SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN aasui that, in some way or other, the medium use mask. The bard previously referred to says : I gue» you have beard of tb« cute Yankee Boheme for unearthing- a -pirie. You havn't ? Well, bark ! It wai broaooed by H Timkens, being one, lt would seem, Who aspired to ba reokoned a man of ioma mark ; Bo be Interviewed W. O. Clark. It waa laid tbat for spirit- to be above proof Wai poiitlre proof that they ought to be tested ; Shan H. Tlmkons aroiefor the public behoof. With a plan which-In spite of all Interest» vested Whether-held by the medium, or claimed by the ghost, Would Bettie the question of qneitlons, concerning Thflgooulne «boit article, dubious at most, And Rive them the knowledge for which they were burnli Athirst for more learning, Tlmkens built carriage bodies ; his carriage to aoul» Was ruoBt indecorous, as shortly you'll see; You would think ho was bidding for dry goods, or coals . He had no tluge ofsenttmeut ; oh, no, not be : ' 1 But as smart aa could be. Than H Tlmkens stood forth, and tum gavo himself vent . .. What are ropes, and sealed knots, iralvanomotars, wlre'i And all other fixings, on whioh we have spent So muoh temperand time ? sud, lol still there roaulrei What the public desi, ea Borne domoiiBtratlve proof to be sent. " bTo. you'll novar unfasten this Oordlan knot. Nor unriddle thia sphinx, that has puzzled so many. Until 'Iii decided by powder and shot It's the ouly eniu'loa, provided that any Can over bo got. " And to back my opinion. I berawtth procote That Clark, for the occMinu, tho spirit shall call ; A. B. Ouontntrhitin then this discussion «hull oloio Hy tesilnir mid ghost with a, good rllle ball : * Bo that all Tiloso disputes may result in repoie. *. Aud if thc spirit shrinks not, cuves not In, nor hollers ; Nor other wisp Bhows signs of fear ; nor winces: Theo I will forfeit llfcy «rfionback dollars ; And darned bo ttiera as llrat backs out, or fltnohes . This ulinohoR Tho bargain and what follora." The spirit, smnmonod from tho voaty deep, uproae. And weird and startling was thu thrilling sight : Discordant sounds wpre hushed lu deep repoio, Mke evening twilight fading into night t With Unbent light (Not blue, but "soft"; thoapectro rosa. Tho sulrit stood revealed, with features most distinct " Wida o;>au eves," quito wide-awake-'twas olear ; And uot a sptrlr-musoiu movod, and uotatt eyelid winked j There, motionless, shogazsd, like prophetess or seer; So nuar That tho spectators shrinked. Then A. B. Cunningham sighted bis sun ; Aud he sighted tho «host, and the ghost sighted Wm : Whon, lo I an explosion- tho drod bad becu done. And when the smoke cleared they boheid. wliu a dim. And lin freiaional wonder, the ghost had not run. Did she sink ? No ; nor shrink \ thore was only the stink Of the powdar to ventilate Well, don't you think ' It waa «tränke this Madonno should not uvoii win/;, And her pale, ghostly fuoa should not oven blush pink/ But the fact I can't blink. And there wîa that mouth, gently smiling, in fun, And that '.' wldo opon eye'- lookiug straight at tho RUU l And tuero waa that f»cq, as serene and as oilm ¿fl H lt were sloging the Tweniy.tulrd psalm And appearing quito ready To make a salaam. ' And the man who had shot looked confoundedly hot» When be saw that lamo eye peering down hia gan's muzzle ; But wheu be peicolvcd that the spirit waa not In the least degree " soared," he confessed 'twas a puzzle More than any they'd got. Then the curtain mysteriously " «lid and obioured" ' From th« view this unique and sensational scene ; 'twas voted a triumph, tho soeptica were aured, And the audience departed, perplexed, but serene ; And 'twould seem The effect has endured. let us hope Ur. Crookes, with his butteries and books, Will repeat (rom some Corner-say nee Clarrie Cook s Materialised guardian-this oioot so complete. And that thea he'll bo able to give the receipt Ito? the feat Of producing au orthodox «host-to stand fire. As thU would rellore us Immensely from those Whose vocation it is to tell fables for hire, t| And whose followers are frequently " led by the nose, If they close The eyes ol their reason, as everyone knows. As for you, Mr, Timkens, I strongly advise In some other dirention your genius should run ; And whenever you want to effect a surprise, Don'* make game of a spirit, by using a gun ; For your fun Has a thinnish disguise. Do your pooching on game, or on eggs-not on sprites Or perhaps you'll be terrified one of tbeie nights By a fiend who won't bargain to ataud and be shot. And you'll find your locution excessively hot. And be all over frights. And now, in reviewing the scene, aa lt pales j It's .' solt light" In the judgment of reason's fair scales. There is just one weak polut where the evidence fails It comes from the Und of tall pumpkins and tales. Air. Leland, better known as Hans Breîtman, has shown himself to the public in a new charac ter, namely a Rommany or gipsy poet, but his success has not been at all equal to his success ss a writer of German-English in the Breitman ballads. An author must keep himself busy doing something, if it were only to prevent a certain personage whose service is very popular from rinding something for him to do, and accordingly, Hans Breitman has turned gipsy, and has tinkered up some poetry suitable to his assumed character. He has published a volume of gipsy poems, some of which were composed by himself, some by Miss Janet Tukey, and Borne by a Professor Palmer. The work has been published, under the title of " English Gipsy Songs in Rommany," by Lippin eott, of New York and Philadelphia, and contains professed English metrical translations from Rommany of g psy songs, which will, no doubt, cause our renders to exclaim credatJudcsu8 Apella. The songs will be regarded by most people-as pure inventions, although as Mr. Leland is ski led in Rommany lore, it may be that there are rude originals of which these songs are translations. Whether they are translations or inventions will not affect the judgment which the world is likely co form with respect to their merits as poetic productions; and that judgment we believe will be that they are of no very great value. They show, however, that Mr. Leland can write some thing beside the German-English poetry of the Breitman ballads. Here is a gipsy song written by Mr. Leland : Oh ! I'm a jolly gipsy, and I roam the country round ; I'm a roil retulenqro as can anywhere be lound : tty unole is a Chilcott, my mo. ber ia a Lee, But I'm the best of all of 'em, and real Ko romany. A real ftommuny From head to foot I be. Who-op I look into my peepers if a gipsy you would see ! I go to fares and race*, there I'm always to be found ; One day across the country, then back upon the ground : One day i'm dressed up swelly, like the gentleman of course. Then the next I come the beggar, a holdin' of yer horse. "Juit a threepence, sir All right! For I held him jolly tight" Who-op i I'm the boy as knows the way to run a horse-by night 1 When a onttin' of my skewers, so peaceable I am, You'd sty. .' fetulengro is the pattern ot a lamb ?" But I'm handy with my maulles, aa I manya time have showed. And can do for any traveller as «oes up the road, Oh 1 at flghtln* i'm at home, . Quick to uodge an' quick to come : For at hittln' or at shyln' I'm an out-an'-outer Hom t How are you, my tweet lady? how are yon, my lord? I say : My wlfe'U take your money when she comes along this way. You'll want to give her soma thing-just to keep away tho cold Bo 111 step round the corner while your fortune's bein' told. Then there'll be a patterln'. An' an awful chatterin' 1 Bo I bid you ah good even lu' till I come this way again. Miss Janet Tukey contributes the following to the volume. The poetry is redolent of the pleasant autumn breezes of the hop fields of Kent : When the summer time ls gone, and tbe races all are run. Our luci's nut over yet, ter tae boppii-g has oegun : bo come, my gipsy crothers, if everything it spent, We U all be off together to the pleasunt laud of Keno; Aud we'll all sing lu time, And we'll all sing in rhyme, A song of the merry hoppiug-ttme. Ob, the flowers are fading fast, and tho nuts are growing blown ; The leaved axe turning yellow, and the wind will blow them donn > But no mat'er for the flower, and no matter for the tree, Tbe hops are all the Howers I wou.d ever cure to see ; They're the best of all that grow. So get up, lads, and go To the country where the hops hang low. There tba pjles stand in line. Uko tho men that serve tho Queen, And the vines twist around them, and cover thom with green: There's no prettlor sight, let tho rest be what they may. Than a Une Kentish uop-üeld on a sunny autumn day. Come, Kipsy boys so tall. Come gipsy onlldren .mall There's money walting yonder for us all I Oh, the air smells so s wo ot whore tho ripe hop-blossoms aro, You'd think you wera sitting in a jolly alehouse har ; It's just like nrlnktug beor in with every breath you draw Oil, iure 'tts a wonder that lt's not against ihe law ! Brin« tue bur,o and the tent We'll nune of us repent Having goue to the pleasant land of Kent. We'll pitch our little tent, and at night, when work is done, Wo'll sit round the fire, and we'll hang tho keitlo on ; And if Gorgloa oak what's in it, we ll say, .. What should there be In the poor gipsies' kettle but a little drop of toa?" A»d we'll sing half the night. And we'll darice, ano we'll light. Then we'll sleep till ¿he aun rites bright. When all the hops are picked, theu we'll travel to the town, And ru buy a coqt sud my wife wi.ll buy a gown ; And we'll get a stock of baskets, and sweeping-brushes too . Ob, the bopping keeps ns going all the dreary winter through. . So when nights ar« cold and long, Lot us »lng lund and Btruug. Aud remember the hopping in our song, The following by Professor Palmer, was in tended doubtless, to be humorous, and perhaps ia so, after gipsy fashion. The question whether it is humourous or not is a knotty point, the decision of which we leave to th« reader There is a whole some moral, however, in the story. We think that we know several Preaching Charlies, and we be lieve our readers know several also. The hero of the poem narrates his experience. I don't know muuh of religion, And I ain'i a goin' to learn ; But if any one takes "p with in, That there is his own concern. I'm not tho kind of party Aa allua goes in for chaff ; If a man doon go to niblin', What oui have > on to laugh 'e But what I do maintain is However much you try, Tho way« as you've once got in y er Must come out by and oy. Now there's old Proachlu' Charlie And this I'm hound to say, There's no ono, barrio' bia prayin'. More honest than Charita Gray. He's learnc to read, has Charlie, And spelt the Soripturo through ; And to hear him talk about it, Ycu'd half bolievo it'B true. And he savs as bow in Heaven The weary are at pe>«co. An' th« wicked cease from iroublin', An' they don't keep no portee, Bnt ha says aa how to git there. You tnuau't lie nor drink ; And «a that's agio all natur*, Thoy wont see me, I think. But a fox'll show his breediri' It there'a evor a hen about ; Bo whenever you r<se old Oharlio, His Bommany blood comes out. The other night I see him : I went to his house to hide, JF-r I'd had a blt ol' « shindy Oa yonder cover side. Bays he, '* I allus warned you. But lt ain't a blt of asa ; Them poacbiu' tricks you're up to Will get your neck in a nooso." 8aya he, " What were yon arter? The Lord forgive your sin!" And hu fastened up tho shutters, Aud fetched me out tho gin. Bays I, " T was out by moonlight A looklu' about for a hare. Or a rabbit or two, or a ^fioasant, Or mebbe to sot a tmara. 41 But I ace thi keepera comin'. And clambered np a tree;" Says Charlie. *' AI*y Qod forgive you I What a weasel o' wrath you be I" " Well, they hutit«d about for a little. Then .ill want off but ono, Who ttOPiied oehind." -«ays Charlie, " What risks them poachers run 1'' "Then thu moonlight »haue upon him. And who do you think I see, But the werry self-same r*i ger As allus waa down ou me. "If I'd a been so much varmint, . He couldn't ha' served ma worse ; The-1" " Can't you talk,', saya Charlie; Without a hoath or a cu'9o ?" " Well, arter a blt he rested His gun agin a stump, And down I come i.pon him. Bo sudden i. made him jump ; "And I took and snatohed the gun up And put it again his hoad ; . Saya I, You shout or holloa, And you're aa good as dead ! ",He never moved a muscio. And I never soe him liinch, Tho' the muzzle touched his forehead Within a half au inch 1 " Says I, ' You are a pl hoked un And nomistako-and so If vou promise not to follow. Hang me I but I'll let you go.' " Saya he, I'll do my duty, Though I knows I am in your power ; But I don't mind if I give you A start ot a haif an hour,' " So I hands him baok lila weapon. And cum away like mad ; And here I am I"-Says Charlie, "Thank Heaven you're safe, my lad t " But if /had had tho handlin' That gun instead of you, I'd a taken the butt-end on it, And smashed his lent* in two 1" THK ViCToitiAN YEAH BOOK.-We have re ceived from W. H. Hayter, Government statist, of Victoria, the Victorian lear Book, for 1874, the second year of issue. This publication comprises a great deal of information respecting the colony. The table of contents indie tes the variety of topics included,-Early History, Geography, Meteorolgy, Census results, Blue Book, Finance, Population, Law, Crime, &c;, Interchange, Produc tion, Accumulation, Vital Statistics, Religious, Moral, nnd Intellectual Progress, Events of 1874, and Melbourne Observatory. A tabulated Statis tical Summary, from 1836 to 1874 inclusive, and a map of Victoria, add much to the usefulness of the book, as a work of reference. The mnin part of the work corresponds to the annual Statistical Register, published here by the Registrar-General In addition to such information as is givm by the Statistical Register, it contains various matters historical, official, nnd scientific. There is a large variety of returns benring on the work of produc tion, and the business of the colony, such as wages, prices, cultivation of land, quantity, weight, ind value of crops, dwellings for arti zaus and labourers, railway traffic, water supply, education, charitable institutions, &c.; In the year 183-5, with which the summary commences, the population was 224, one birth was registered, and not ono marriage; 50 acres were under cultivation, nnd there were over 40,000 sheep, 155 cattle, and 75 horses ; such was the. germ of Victorian prosperity. The figures in subsequent lines present to the eye a comprehensive view of the progress of colonisa tion, aud the multiplying fruits of energetic enterprise. Among the illustrations furnished in this book of the Baverai changes which time is rapidly evolving »a Victoria arethe following facts; That in ton years, between 1S01 and lS71,the Aus tralian-born persons in Victoria increased at the rate of 127 per cent., the Irish at tho rate of 15 per cent, the Welsh at 9 per cent., while all other nationalities decreased, the English at the rate of 3 percent, tho Scotch at 7 per cent., those boru in other British possessions at ll percent., tf'e French at 6 per cent, the Geruiuns at ll percent,, other Europeans nt 10¿ per cent., Americans at 5 per cent, Chinese at 28 percent., nnd natives of other coun tries at 22 per cent. And of the 358,266 AuBtra lian-born persons living in Victoria in 1871, 329,597 were born in Victoria. So that is evident that the population of Victoria is rapidly assum ing a national character. Every year Victoria is much more Victorian than the last. And the ques tion what " Victorian" means, or what kind of people are growing up under the training of the political and educational institutions of that colony becomes more and more important to the world. Mr. l-Iuyter's labours from year to year will afford very useful data for the solution of that question. In his loyal zeal for the interests ni Victoria, the author has on one point taken New South Wales somewhat roughly by tho collar; and many will be inclined to say "hands off." In the historical introduction at page 14, he publishes a little Bill - " Victoria in account with New South Wales," where in Dr. and Or. columns he gives revenue derivad by the Government of . New South Wales from the Port Phillip District before 1850, and the expenditure for the benefit of that district, with this result,-stated in terms that savour of a charge of embezzlement,-" By balance, being amount of Port Phillip revenues not accounted for by New South Wale«." If we have received money on trust for thebenelitof our neighbours, which we have not accounted, for, it is time we rendered an account. And we doubt not the Finance Department of New South Wales could produce a balance sheet more creditable to our character than that taken from "Paliaraen j tary Papers oE Victoria." 