POLICE INTELLIGENCE. City Goonr.— Friday, 19th November. . Assault and Eojiheiiy.— A colored man, named Thomas Hammond, alius Norton, was charged with being coneerucd in assaulting and attempt to rob one John Morgau. Three men at tacked the prosecutor, but only ono was arrested at the time, named James Byrne, who was yester- day committod for trial. The prosecutor identified the prisoner :ts one of tho other two men who took part in the assault, and he was committed to take his trial with the other prisoners. Lunacy from Drink.— A man named John Devenish was biought up by Constable Kennedy upon a charge of lunacy. The prisoner, who is !» sboemakei, has beeu living in Polytechnic-lane, He has beeu drinking heavily of late, and strange delusions hare taken possession of bis brain. He fancies tbat a ghost is after him seeking an op portunity. to shoot him, -Ho also imagines Unit he has been mesmerised. Sleepless nights re sulted from his strange delusions, and the con stable, finding the man wandering about the streets, arrested him. The bench remanded him to the Lunatic Asylum for medical treatment. A Deserter.— A seaman named MatthewMudd was charged with deserting from the ship Olivia | Davidson. He went ashore on leave and did not i return. The bench sent him to the refractory seamen's hulk for a month. Cuuious Case. — A storeman named Fred. St. John, lately in the employ of Messre. Edward Cohen and Co., was charged with stealing 12 tumblers, the property of that firm. On the 11th of October the firm had a sale, and, amongst other things, was a cask containing SO dozen tumblers, which were sold to Mr. Shaw, of Emerald-hill. Upon examination it was found tbat there wero 82 dozen in tho cask. Prisoner took tho extra two dozen, and put them in tho back store. He subsequently took homo about a dozen of them. It was contended that it was tbe custom of tbe trade for storemen to appropriate small goods in excess of the quantity sola as perquisites, and also tbat Mr. Benjamin, a partnor in the firm, knew that he had taken them. The prisoner was committed for trial, bail boing allowed and pro cured. A Violent Character.— A man named David Foy was charged with threatening to tako tho life of James Mouaghan, an employe in the Queen's Besorve, at Spencer-street. It appears that some disputo has arisen between tho two with regard to the ownership of an ancient goat. On Thurs day the prisoner went into the reserve, and upon the prosecutor desiring him to leave, ha made use of most violont expressions, and produced a knife with a huge blade, with which be threat ened to despatch Mouaghan, who, being in fear of his life, gave him ia charge, Tho prisoner, who conducted himself in a most eccentric manner, and made an excited appeal to tho bench, charging the complainant with stealing his goat, and using threatening language towards bim, was ordered to find two sureties in £50 to keep the peace for 12 months. Stealino a Saddle. — A man named Joseph Charles pleaded guilty to stealing a saddle from Dr. Lawrence's stables, at Fitzroy. Ho sold the saddle the same day to Mr. Lovelock, of Bourke- street. Tho bench sentenced liitu to three months' imprisonment, with hard labor. A Den. — A den of the lowest type was broken up by Senior-constable O'Meara and Constable Hayes early yesterday morning. Tho police arrested the keeper of tho house, a woman named Fanny Anderson, better known as " Black Fanny," and three girls named Annie Foley, Elizabeth Carroll and Annio Anderson, who were found in the house at the time. O'Meara do- scribed the house as the hauut of larrikins and thieves, as many as 25 persons being seen in the place at one time. A grazier named Harrison, residing at Snapper Point, camo for ward and stated that ho was perfectly willing to marry Annie Anderson. Mr. Sturt remarked that there did not appear to bo any special caso of misconduct before the court, aud discharged the prisoners , after cautioning them tbat if thoy over appeared before him again he should pass a very severe sentence upon them. 