WESLEYAif3tEfirdi>TSSr&NDiTS; MANAGEMENT. the editor dp tbe ooc3uer. em,— ion nave published » numbs- of fetters under tbe above beading from parties who ore striving to bring about a change in Methodism, and 1 should feel obliged for some sjtacc in your paper to ehow that the opimonB of these "educators? of ff adopted, would be revolution, and not reform. The recretaiy who publishes from time to time . views of this class, ays that their btriect is to ednnafii" and not to u agitate" the Methodist societies. And yet this gentleman, thus boldly «wwinin»»ng hfe purpose, st onoe proceeds to publish a to the effect that they were under so obligation to publish the Views of tbe opposite party, even when that was a report ol a, debate upon the subject, and therefore the views of certain New Zealand represen- " Utfves to the late gen&i-al; conference are reported in full, whilst the opinions of the majority are cut down to a few sentences. The New Zealand editor, who ever he may be, and this secretary, certainlv donw i o " the censure oi every honest Methodist for treating so important a subject in so one-rided a manner. All who have read tlio productions of these "edu- cutoitv as tliey have appeared in the Court rand & pec- tator, have been struck with this fact — that tbe extremes of opinion, as 6hown iu chnrch administration, have in turns been advocated by them, from Episcopacy in its most absolute form to 1'Jymouth Bretlireuism. It was asked iu The Cottrl!'. " why not invite several ministers of tbe Episcopal Church of America to come to Victoria ?" and an«4hcr tedcrof tlte party nropooed, in the Sjurdotor t!jat should lw.ve a bishop ap pointed over tbo Meiuodi <t Church iu Victoria. Now. sundry resolutions emanate from several present and past officers, and as we read tbeui and remember the 1 fetters of 41 Ballarat.7' iu the SaecteUor. we are at once thrown to the extreme of tltc epi -copal mode of church government Some thick, therefore, that they might at least pause until they had made up their minds which it was to op. or, for the sake of consistency, drop the word "educate.'' and adopt the equally euphonious one which the secretary brought into juita poidtion.and say " agitate." Their purpose would then ho correctly defined. I mar as well mte at this stage that my views are in lav jr of lay representation in conference, hs bring expedient and jast, so that laymen equally with our ministers xurv have that authorita tive and officiat rizht in transacting cotraerional businees which riirhlfully belongs to them, i have carefully stadif-d the plan adopted by the conference, aud to its principles I must give my- cordial adhesion, although in a few points of detail! should like to have seen it otherwise- Bat when brought juto operation, these matters, which do not affect the principles, I lm-e no doubt wi:i be altered. 1 am not one of those who believe thit the doings and sayings of our ministers should not be dealt \rith by all of us who are members of the Methodist Church iu the spirit of fair aud honest criticism; neither do I believe in the infallibility of the conference, even in matters affeciiug the spiritual interests of Methodism. But 1 do believe, and tint very strongly, in the connemnal principle in Method ism, and also in the pastoral duties and rcsponri- tulities which belong to our ministers alone; andagain I believe-in the 6uitabili£y of the itinerant principle in meeting the requirements of the Methodist Church. I can go forward with any new movement In our church, aud am willing to see our ministers and lay men try any more libera! s jiGHe of church working, if it is in accordance wiMi tbo?e fundamental principles — or, at least, is not opposed to them. Any such alter ation I call reform. But where those principles are violated, It involves revolution, in this colony we have have had political alterations in the Constitution. First, the colony was governed directly by the agent of thejXjBown, thee t e Ooastituifonwas altered so that responsible government might bo adopted; and at any time the Constitutions may be altered to suit tbe wishes and tho requirements 'of the people; but all such alterations have been, and must bey subservient to the great principle' and fact of monarchical government. Almost anything which does nut affect-that will be allowed, and would be called reform ; bat if thai wore touched, -and, Bay republican principles adopted, then it would be no longer reform, bnt revolution. Thus what the monarchical principle to tbe British empire, the connexiona!, pastoral, aud itinerant principles are to the Westeyah Methodist Church. AU reformers of Methodism, especially wheu they desire to educate ns, should first study how thrir alterations will affect those principles, and should they desire a something else which is not. nor ever can be. Werieyan Methodism, they imiri uot be surprised to leorathat their action is looked upon with grave apprehension. The first resolution proposed is directed against tbe reservations in the conference scheme, and objection is taken against laymen being excluded from, dealing villi the question bearing upon tbe pistoral office. This is is accord with cougivgationali-m, and with the denoninations which r.re tbe offshoots ofYPes- leyau Methodism. .Against the judgment of these bodies I have not a v.'ord to say. But it is not in accord with the views of the pastoral offioe as held by the Methodist people. The London Jieriew for October thus write? in au article up»n Methodism We have already affirmed our conviction that Methedimn is rooted and grounded in the belief that, ou the one hand, Christ has appointed a body of men and made them responsible to Himself for the main tenance of His truth, and the preaching of it; and that, on the othir hand, the universal lights of the church as the ' pilar and ground of the truth ' are by the act of the church itself, in harmoQj with that appointment of the Head, given over to the body of utes whom sh'.t selects out of her own mem bers and sets apart i<> he the trustees of her rights." In other words, the ministry are ret apart to represent . the church by the act <1 tbe church itself ; and only concurs with the Saviours will; and they espe cially are responsible to Christ for tho purity and per petually : 3r,liat mm! «tiy . which i® called by Christ and Hfr church. The reviewer also states that Metho dism "has never Lirgd'ton that the elders are made oversews by the li«>1y Ghost, and Are supremely re sponsible to the Head of the church. Aud It has been equally mindful that the whole church is tbe deposi tary of all Cbristbm authority, and that the ministry receive fliat authority a tbe representatives of the church's power." Tbe second resriction, which asks that members may have a voice in t be e flairs of the church, and eeatbolders may know about the funds to which they snbscri, seems to lisvo been adopted through groat thoughtlessness or the provision which already exists, and this provi-ioc I can without fear of ques tion, i> as great, and. in many points, more efficient than tlutt which exists in any other church. In matters of di cip iuc every member has a voice in the leader".- meeting, if he ha anything to state te it. He can either go hims-rif. nr get his leader to bring it for ward- i n matters of aduri. i-fration any sealholder or member cam. by lie or more of the many representa tives which he has. make auy statement to the quar terly meeting; «sd it veu known among Metho dises that every trustee, brine a member, all the local preaches, after they have been at work four years, «U the class leaders, cud oil the stewards, poor stewards, sock-iy steward>t and circuit stewards, ore mMnibers of xL-c quarterly meeting. And every subject ol finance or administration is brought up in that meeting. The fact that these resolutions, which arc t?o at variance with the consti tution of Methodism, bring brought forward in a quarterly "meeting proof snffirient iiat u society \- members have a voice in the affairs of their church." Tbe reviewer already quoted says that Methodism "unites the laity with iteelf representatively, by assigfiicg them offices of teaching, preaching, guiding detachments of tl>e ptipk iu things divine, adminis tering «1I financitl afl-jir#5. co-assessorsliips in mllcom- inittec-s. govcixauent of all organisations appointed fay tbe church— in short, tu every way possible short of giving tliem what tlie l.'edeemer does not give them, the final oversight nr.d rule of the flock." The framera of there resolutions know verj welltiiot there is not a fund in Methodbou administered by ministers alone. All locil funds are aduriui>tered by at least ten laymen to one minister, and all connexions! funds are managed by an equal number of treasurers from both class:--, and the committee ore also constituted in the same ratio, whilst reports of .all the connexions! funds nre published, and are open to all, whether in the church or «mt 4. it : and tbe state of local funds is read out in tlie several meetings appointed for tbe purpose. As t > tho lart rosoTuliou, that the preceding resolu tions slionld be token by ballot, it certainly surprises all who know ho\® energetically the secretary has. pleaded against secret conclaves, and for the adnnesiofi of tbe pres$, fic., fic , tliat secret voting should bepro- potad by him or there whom lie represents. When ParlisnTeut, munici»»al councils, deliberative assem blies. and debating societies take the opinion of ihefr members on reso1ati;.n by ballot, it will bo time enough to think ab jut introducing tho system into Werieyan quarterly meetings. If I have read Methodfrt discipline rightly, mlnls- t« r& aud local preachers gave 4 pledge that if their tiews about Metiiriinu in fliow, its imporiant ttrin- qples, altered, tliat tUy would quicfly retire, and not agitate the societies. And if any of our minister or' local preachers change their views, notw word can be stid against tlieni, but as honest tnen tbey will nt disturb tlie peace of Methodism. As n peo|sLe we have recrived these principles in trust, and as a people we mean to stand by them. The practical wdridng of the priara)les advoted by the educates has been' fried, is K'iug tried, and so fur the atfompt to wed to- dejudfr.cj with counexioualtam has been a failure ; the putles are not agreed. TFeinust be prepared either to stand alone by tlie one or tbo other. My object is not to raise discuson,- but simply to set before tbe adherent of 'Methodism the importance of the issues in\i>ivcd, and to ask that in tbo discis sion of tho foubjtsct carvftil thouglit bo given ta this question. it affect WesWyan Methodism in its fi illlii?iti/>n rir — pABiwrfftBtliMH . the pastorate, and its iiiuerancyP Methodist. 