SORELL. [From our own Correspondent.] THE WEATHER AND THE CROPS. The intense heat of the past few weeks has died up the feed and rendered the work of harvesting no easy task. The crops, however, throughout the district, will turn out well. There is an absence of rust in the wheat whilst the gi us has failed, as yet, to put in his unwell some appearance amongst the barley. The crops about Forcett are very good, notably so, those of Messrs. Gunn, Rolling, una 6. Hayton At Orielton they are likewise very fine ; especially those of Messrs. Cooper, Denholm, Phillips, Rowlands, Hayton and Newitt and at the Carlton, Bream Creek, Cherry Tree Opening, Wattle Hill, and Ringarooma the harvest is great, but the labourers are few." Nearly all the good old working hands have either died out or become useless and their places have not been supplied by the new generation, as most of those who were not bound by family ties, have of late years gone further, and though in some cases they have fared worse, in the majority of instances they have bettered their condition by making a shift to the adjoining colonies of Australia or New Zealand, " where the laborer is worthy of his hire." THE WOOL CLIP. Shearing is over, and the yield of wool has exceeded the most sanguine expectations of the sheepowners. It is difficult siiiiietiiues to suppress a smile, as one after another of those gentlemen who were originally the bitterest opponents of the Scab Act, come back from the city, after disposing of their wool, with account sales on hand, having left a good deposit at the bank, all beaming with smiles, asking every friend to drink their health, and declaring the Scab Act " the best Act ever pas. ed," a saving of hundreds to them individually, and of thousands to the colony generally every year and it would not be surprising to see the large Sorell sheep owners give substantial evidence of the benefits which the Scab Act. has conferred upon them, when the subscription list for the Whyte Testimonial teaches here from Midluntou. Sorell is now I understand, with one solitary exception, a clean district and however leniently it may be desired to carry out the law, it is to be hoped that in his solitary flock may not much longer be permitted to stand in the way of Sorell being proclaimed a clean district. REAL PROPERTY, The enhanced value of property at Sorell has, of late, caused several places to change hands and on Wednesday morning next, three of the finest properties in the township will be submitted by Messrs. Roberts and Co, to public competition at Sorell. 'I These places were once owned by the late Mr. Jackson, and have since passed to his sons, D. Jackson of South Australia, and the Hon. J. A. Jackson of Hobart Town, The house in Gordon street (originally built for the late Inspector of Police, Mr. T. Forster) is the finest gentleman's residence on the township. The farm opposite the Gordon Highlander (on part of which the sale-yards are erected is on the main road, with the other fall in in its rear; and, whether purchased as a whole by adjoining owners for their own convenience, or for sub-division amongst an industrious tenantry, these properties will prove a good investment to men of means. THE GHOST. " We have no faith in ghosts," suit. your local concerning the futile search on Thursday night last for the St. George's church-yard apparition. Nor have I any faith in ghosts either. But many of the Sorell people have and only three months ago, so terrific was the mail contractor ft pin Sorell to Port Arthur, by to appear more of a ghost not on the road, but in his house \- that he actually desired the Postmaster to relieve him for a while from duty. And concerning this ghost, there was as much, if not more, fine made at Sorell than has been recently caused in Hobart Town, The ghost took up his quarters, not in the churchyard, but the a home at Sorell Rivulet, and, by his strange movements, sent a young lady into hysterics, terrified her brother (a smart young fellow and frightened her brother-in-law (a brawny country- man) right out of the house. First one, and then another, were invited to come and judge for themselves, and for some time the li mae was nightly filled with people waiting for the ghost, same of whom said they saw and heard strange things, which others present could neither see nor hear. The ghost story spread far and wide from Cherry Tree Opening to Eaglehawk Neck and at last reached the police, in consequence of a powerful young man an inmate of the house having been so shocked that he ran nearly two miles to the Warden, near midnight, for protection. Rumour says the police went; but how they went whether armed or disarmed, in the dead of the night, or in broad daylight, whether they saw the ghost, and seeing him dispatched him, or whether they wontatall this deponent "knoweth not"; but this he doth know, that since the matter was duly reported to the police and currency was given to the fact-the ghost has disappeared, The Port At Muir mailman now rides his lonely course without timidity, and the young lady whom the ghost four months ago frightened into fits, has, within the last week, without the slightest fear, entered into the holy and blessed estate of wedlock and is now as happy as the days are long. Might not the St. George's ghost, in like manner, disappear, if an official report of his nocturnal visits weiomiuleto the Superintendent of, Police by those who have become so alarmed by the window ? If one or two policemen were for a while to haunt St George's churchyard where by the way there is plenty of good cover-I think the would-be ghost would disappear, and the nerves of timid people be no longer shocked. 