WONDERS OF MAGIC. FTiOM TUB NEW VOI!K WORI.D. So eminent a scientist as irroiessor Alfred K. Wallace has written several elaborate articles iu an Knglish periodical in support of tlie claim that the physical phenomenon called spiritualistic is produced by spirits which once inhabited human bodies. Many iiinrvell'ons things are reported almost daily of this spirit manifestation. A few years nno nothing more startliuL' than ruDs and table- tipping was produced, but now we are asked to believe, not only that mediums like Home elongate their bodies from 0 to 11 feet, carry red-hot couls iu their hands with out injury, and tloat visibly in the air, but that the "spirits" cau "materialise" them selves so as to become the solid ftesli and bone that they were in this life. Nay, more : Colonial Olcott, a clear-headed practical lawyer and a gentleman of unim peachable veracity, investigating the alleged phenomena produocil by the Eddy mediums, telegraphs to Now York iu triumph that he has succeeded in catching one of the spirits — a female one, und weighing her on Fair banks' scales. Now, all this from Messrs. Wallace, Crooks, ami Varley, from Col. Olcott, from Philadelphia, from Moravia, New York, and other places haunted hj' materialised spirits, and from persons who have sat with Slade, Foster, aud Mansfield, is very wonderful, but is it conclusive proof that the claims of Spiritualism are right. What if it can be shown thut phenomena quite as extraordinary have been produced by pro fessional jugglers, inen who have madeno pre tence that they were assisted by occult powers, and who have even explained the mechanism of their tricks? If this can be done, the inference must necessarily fol low, either that the spiritualistic me diums are cunning impostors, or that the professional necromancers, are liars when they declare that their phenomena are mere trickery, aud that they art really assisted by supermundane agents. Let the Daven port Brothers or Dr. Slade do more than is related here, and theu they will have a right to ask us to consider if the phenomena they show are the work of " spirits.'' In the " Lives of the Necrounmcfcrs," by William Godwin (London, 1S.'M), there is nn account of a conjurer at the Court of \Venceslaus, King of Roheinia and after wards Emperor of Germany. On one occa sion, this person, Ziito by name, exhibited his extraordinary skill to tho Court. Ho showed himself lirst in his proper shape, and then in thosoof diircrentpcrsonssuccessively, .with countenances and stature totally diffe rent from his own. At ono time -ho was "londidly attired in robes of purplo and ftnd thon, in the twinkling of an eye, in n/.-eo linen aud acloxnisb coatof friese. In the same volume a skitch is given of Dr. Lamb, a noted necromancer in the timo of Charles tho First. Tlio celebrated Richard Baxter is authority lor tho stntemout that Lamb, meeting two of his acquaintances in tho street, and they having expressed a de sire to witness some examples of his skill, invited them home with him. He then con ducted them into an inner room, when, presently, to their no small surprise, they saw a tree spring up in the middle of tho apartment. They had scarcely ccnscd won dering at this phenomenon when, in a moment, there appeared three diminutive men, with little axes in their hands lor tho purpose of cutting down this tree. Tho tree was felled, aud tho doctor dismissed his guests, who were fully satislicd with tho solidity of his pretensions. An account of this feat will bo found in Baxter's works. Ono of the most remarknblo exhibitions of clever jugglory is mentioned in Sal- verte's Philosophy of Magic (London, 1S-1G, vol. 1, page 10-r)). It was seen at Nancy, in France, in 1S20. A man from tho audienco was induced to lie down on the stage, and tho magician deli berately chopped off his head. _ Ho displayed the severed head to tho audience so that they could recognise tho features ; he per. mitted them to touch it, to opon the mouth, which shut again of its own accord, and to examine the bleeding section of the neck at the extremity of the trunk. He removed the body, and withdrew a curtain, aud almost immediately the supposed dead man appeared in perfect health. Salvorte says that tho beheading trick was performed by tlie Mahometans, and that /Elian is authority for the statement that Esculapius apparently rennited the heart of a woman to lior corpse and restored her to life and health. According to Mr. Godwin, in his " His tory of the Necromancers," it was a common twfintien nt tlio time ho wrote Ififtv Years ago) for jugglers in the market-places of the English towns to make the scales of a balance move at command, alternately asceuding and descending. Much stress has been laid by the advo cates of Spiritualism upon the ability of the medium Home to hnudle live coals with out injury or showing a scar. He has been seen to put red-hot coals on his head, and the hair was not singed. Tho " (ire ordeal" is a very old and familiar ono to necroman cers. One of the most ancient feats of magic was the art of breathing Maine. During theinsurrection of tho slaves in Sicily in the second century before Christ, a Syrian named Eunus acquired by his knowledge the rank of their leader. In order to establish his influence over their miuds he pretended to possess miraculous power. When he wished to inspire his followers with courage be breathed flames or sparks among them from his mouth. At tho same time he was rousing them by his eloquence. St. Je rome informs us that tho Rabbi Burcho- ohebas, who headed tho Jews in their last revolt against the Emperor Adrian, made them believe that ho was tho Messiah by vomiting flames from his mouth. And, at a later period, the Emperor Constantino was thrown into a state of alarm when Valentinian informed him that iie had seen one of tho body-guards breath ing out fire and flames. Sir David Brewster, who quotes these instances in his interesting Letters on Natural Magic, was not able to explaiu the exact methods by which these effects were produced ; but ho said Floras informed ns that Emms filled a perforated nut-shell with sulphur and fire, nnd, having concealed it iu his mouth, ho breathed gently through it whilo ho was speaking. This act is performed more simply by the modern juggler. Haviug rolled together some flax or hemp so as to form a ball the si/.o of a walnut, ho sets it on lire and allows it to bnrn until it is nearly consumed. He then rolls round it whilo burning some ad ditional flax, and by these means the fire may bo retained for a considerable time. At the commencement of bis exhibition lie introduces the ball into his mouth, nnd while he breathes through it the fire is re vived and a number of burning sparks aro projected from his mouth. Tho sparks are too feeble to do any harm, provided ho in hales the air through his uostrils. Tho kindred art of walking ou burning coals or red-hot iron belongs to tlio same antiquity. The priestesses of Diana at Castabula, in Cuppadocia, were accustomed, according to Strabo, to walk over burning coals ; and, at the annual festival which was held iu tlie temple of Apollo at Mount Soracte, in Etrurin, tho Hirpi marched over burning coals, and on this account they were ex empted from military service, aud received other privileges from tho Roman Senate. About the close of tho seventeenth century an Englishman named Richardson rendered himself famous by chewing burning coals, pouring melted lead upon his tongue, and swallowing melted glass. Brewster says that these effects aro produced partly by deception and partly by a previous prepara tion of the parts subjected to the heat. The fusible metal, composed of mercury, tin, and bismuth, which melts at a low tempe rature, might easily have been substituted in place of lead, and fluids of easy ebullition may have been used in place of boiling water. But, though the conjurors by fire may have availed themselves of theso singular properties of individual bodies, yet the general secret of their art consisted in rendering the skin of the exposed parts cal lous and insonsiblo to heat — an effect which may be produced by continually compressing or singeing them till the skin acquires a horny consistence. One of the most adroit jugglers of the present age wa3 Robert |Houdin, a French man, who for many years gave fashionable entertainments in lJaris. Boudin wrote his autobiography, and related many curious feats performed by him in the course of his professional career. On ono occasion he was invited to display lii3 art before King Louis Philippe and his Court at the Chateau of St. Cloud. Houc'lin invented a trick especially for this Royal and noble as semblage, and received unbounded applause for his success. He borrowed from the King and his courtiers six handkerchiefs, which he made into a parcel and laid on the table. Then, at his request, different persons wrote on cards tho names of places whither thny desired their handker chiefs to he invisibly transported. When this was done he begged the king to take three of the cards at hazard, aud choose from them the place he might consider the most suitable. "Let me see, "said Louis Phi lippe, "what this one says : 'I desire the handkerchiefs to be found beneath one of the candelabra on the mantelpiece. ' Ah ! that is too easy for a sorcerer, so we will puss on to the next card : ' The handker chiefs are to be transported to the dome of the Invalides.' That would suit us, but it is much too far — not for tho handkerchiefs, but for us. Ah ! ah !" the king added, as he looked at the last card, ' ' I aui afraid, Mon- sier Robert Houiliii, 1 am about to embarrass you. Do you know what this oard pro. poses?" Houdiu, with a respectful bow, declared that he did not. " Well," res ponded his Majesty, "it is desired that you send the handkerchiefs to a spot beneath the roots of the last orange- tree on the right of the Avenue of St. Cloud." Houilin affected tho utmost nonchalance. "Only that, sire," ho said, ' ' Deign to order, and I will obey. " Tlie King gave certain directions iu a low voice, and immediately a number uf his attendants hurried off to the orauge-treo to watch it. He then said. "I select tho orange- tree. " Houdin's first business now was to send the handkerchiefs on their travels. So he placed them beneath a bell of opaque glass, and, taking bis wand, ordered them to fly oil' to the spot tbe King had chosen. He raised the bell, tbe little parcel was no longer there, and a white dove had taken its place. The King then walked quickly to the door, whence lie looked m the direc tion of the orange-tree to assure himself that the guards were there, aud, when this was done, he began to smile nnd shrug his shoulders. "Ah! Monsieur Robert Houdiu," he said, ironically, " 1 fear much for the virtue of your magic staff." Then he added, as he re turned to the end of the room where several servants were standing. "Tell William to dig immediately below the last tree at the end uf the avenue, and bring mo carefully what he 'finds there — it be does find any thing." The attendant proceeded to the orange tree. The earth at the side ol the tree was carefully removed, and down among tbe roots, after much grcftkq;, » small iron box, eaten with rust, was found. It bore every appearance of having been in the ground many years. This curious " find" was cleansed from its mould aud brought in' and placed by the side of the Kiug. The greatest exciteiuont and impatience pre-'' vailed ou nil sides. Houdiu brought; ' perched on his finger, tbe dove to tho King, and around its neck his Majesty discovered a littlo rusty key. At the desire of tho conjuror ho unloosed it and opened tho box.' Tlio lirst ob ject that met his cvq was a time- discolored piece of parchment, upon which ho' read : " This day, tliclith J nno, 17SH, this iron box, containing six handkerchiefs, was placed ainoDg tho roots of an oraugc troo by.. rao, Balsanio, Count of Cagliostro, to serve- in performing nn act of magic which 'willb& executed ou the same day sixty years lienco before Louis Philippe of Orleans and his' family." -"There is certainly witchcraft about this," cried tho Kiug, and then he looked again and found iu the bottom of tho box a parcel sealed with the well-known seal of thcifainous Cagliostro. He broke it and opened tbe parcel, and there were the. six handkerchiefs which but live minutes, before were lying on the conjuror's table., Was. not this trick as remarkable as the, producing of " Katio King "from a dark- cabinet? Hotidin wa3 employed by tho. French Government to go to Algeria on a' novel mission. Tho Marabout priests oxcrcised great influence over tlio natives,; because they wrro ablo to perform certain foats of jugglery, which thov pretended proved' their divine power. These Marabouts wero enemies of the French, and oncouraged; turbulence among the Arabs. The Govern;, incut thought that it might he a good stroke of policy to send Houdiu through tho colony- pcrforminghis miracles, aud demonstrating to the natives that a French sorcerer , was, greater than an Arab sorcerer. Accordingly Houdin appeared boforc largo audieuoes, be ginning in the City of Algeria. At tho first1 of these performances he introduced a boi£ which became heavy or light ot his order. This box was brought by him to the foot lights, aud, whilo holding it in his hands, ha declared to his hearers that he possessed the1 power to deprive the most powerful man of his strength and restore it at will. He invited any ono who thought himself stropg enough to come on the stage. An ArnU'of midcUo height, but well built and muscular, came tor his side with great assurance. "Are you; strong?" asked Hondin, measuring him from head to foot. " Oh, yes," ho replied care lessly. "Are yon sure that you will alwajs i remain so?" "Quite sure." "YouaremiS- V- taken," saitfHoudin, "for in an instant I will rob yon of your strength, and you shall become as a little child." Tho Arab'smilsd disdainfully. Houdin told him to lift tha box. Ho stooped nnd lifted it withont any effort, aud said coldly. "Is that all?" With an imposing gesture Houdin solemnly prb- nounced tlio words, " Behold, you . ara weaker than a woman ; now lift, the box.' Tlie young Hcrcnles grabbed the- box quit confidently, but to bis amazement it would! not budge. Ho attacked it vigorously over and over again, while his country men sat looking on in silent wonder, but it) resisted. Ho vainly expended on this box; a strength which would have raised, an enormous weight, until at length, pant ing, exhausted, and red with anger, ha buried his faco in his burnous and re tired from tho stage. Houdin does not explain the secret of this strange trick; by which ho made bodies heavy or light at. will, and without apparently touching them, but it was a favorite of liis, and often e>i« hibitedto his fashionable Parisian audiences, At tlie samo exhibition iu Algeria, o| which we have written, Houdin invited ono of tho audienco to come on the Stage. A young Moor, about twenty years of age, tall, well-built, and richly dressed, ndvanoed- There |wns a plain table on tbe stage (the space between tho top and the floor being unmistakably open), which Houdin asked liim to mount. When lio did so . Houdin covered him with an enormous cloth cone) and, instantly removing it, tho Moor was gono. This trick produced a panic in the audience. Screaming, " It is the Evil One !" they ciambcred over the benches 'in wild terror, and rushed out of the door iuto tlio street, where, in the public, place, rubbing his eyes in stupefaction, and won dering how he got there, thoy found the young Moor. "While in the interior Houdin gave an open-air exhibition to the wild sons of tho desert. He pretended that ho was invulnerable, and offered to let "a Mara bout shoot at liira. There was a great crowd, and a vindietive-Iookiug fellow came out from it aad claimed to have the honor of killing the hated Frenohman. The pistols were handed to Houdiu, who called attention to tho fact that tho vents were clear. The Marabout put iu a fair charge of powder, and drove tho wad home. Among the bullets produced Houdin chose ono which he openly put iu the pistol, and it was also raanmed down. By tlio same process tho second pistol was loaded. Everybody watched with the most pro found solemnity. Houdin posted him self fifteen paces from the Alarabout, without evincing the slightest emo tion. Tho Marabout immediately seized one of the pistols, and, on Houdin's giving the signal, took a deliberate aim at him,. The pistol went ot';, and the ball appeared be- twoen the magician's teeth. -More angry than ever, tho Marabout tried to seize tho pistol. "Yoa could not injure nie,"-flaid Houdin, "but you shall see that my aim is more dangerous than yours. Look at that wall." He pulled the trigger, and on the newly whitewashed wall appeared a large patch of blood exactly at the spot where fie aimed. The- Marabout went uf) to _ it, dipped his linger in the blood, andruisingitto his moutli, convinced himself of the reality. When lie ncc.iuired this certainty, ' hit arms fell, and his head bowed on his chest as ifho wore annihilated. It was evident that for the moment he doubted everything, evea the Prophet. This seemingly incompre hensible feat Houdin performed by means of prepared balls. With a bullet-mould and a bit of wax mixed with lampblack he had manufactured a very fair imitation bullet. Another bullet of the same material he had filled with blood. Of course it was by sleight of hand that he changed the bullets forced upon 1'iim by the Alarabout and sub stituted bis own. An old trick enabled liim to get the real bullet between his teeth while tho waxen one was shattered to pieces. So with the second ball, it was shattered upon striking the wall, but a spot of blood was produced. If Houdin had not explained this part, , it would he quite as wonderful to most peoplo as the phenomena of spiritualism, and could have been passed off as good evidence of spirit agency. When William H. Seward made his tour around the world, ho witnessed some per formances of jugglers iu India which were quito surprising. Ho saw a man climb a bare polo CO feet high, standing in tie open air, and when lio reached the top he mys teriously disappeared. After a whilo his feet reappeared, then his legs and body, and lie came down. He claimed no supernatural powers. .How did he do it ? There was an Indian juggler who had a littlo den up tbe Bowery, in this city, a few years ago. .-He was a dirty fellow, and respectable people wero not much disposed to venture into his place. A gentleman told tho writer tliot, moved by curiosity once, he went in. Tho juggler made him sit on the floor, lb a moment, two figures, apparently bumab, rose out of tlio floor, in obedience to the wabd of tho conjuror. They grew to the (ordinary height of human being. The visitor made a motion, to rise, when the figures sank through "lie floor instautly. An examina tion of the place betrayed no visible solution of the ingenious performance. The writer, while looking up these facts, interviewed a well-known spiritualist, and presented them before him, asking him for an explanation. If such a feat as that per formed before Air. Seward was but a olevor piece of jugglery, why should more than that be claimed for the appearance of alleged spirit forms in Chittenden aud Philadelphia. The spiritualist was not at a loss for an answer. Heboldly took the ground that tbe disappearance in the air seen by Air. Se- ward was not a piece of jugglery, but was the production of spirit- intervention. The phenomena which could not be explained he relegated to tbe realm of ghost work. He was not to bo put down. But mere asser tion is not going to convert tbe unbelieving inquirer who goes forth armed with the facts related here. 