M Tliin Is true liberty, when frccborn men, \- Having to ndvi*o the public, may speak free." Milton. WEOXJSSbAV, SEPTEMBER 8,1873. Timrtu is a good old saying which Bets .fpi'th, that charity begins at honlo. Out- newly, fledged.'contemporary in Sydney—Tho Echo—docs not appar ently-, however recoguisq ! either tho jiistico or the force of tfie adage. Wo say so after reading, by tho merest chance bo it'roinftmb'ered (for we have something butter to'do in consuming timo, than to rend dilnted copies i of that'most grandmotherly ' sheet, the S. M. Bera]d), ono. , of tho, preten tiously brilliant emanations from tho pon of the scribe who sits on his stool and pours wisdom into the public ear, through Iho happy mediumship of tho, latest born cveningiliag in iNew South Wales—tho already nientioned Echo ! Echo ! Echo always ! However,' be this.a? ,.it may,, wo,.h.iyo,.perused tho 'columns of our youthful contemporary and wo have discovered a curiosity iii them—tbo said columns. •, Indeed wo have fallen upon sweet places, for wo have, come across in;- our : searching ■ after1 the': goldon egg,'.'tho follow ing diseased oj-ster Amoiigst tho specialities at tho .Philadelphia . Ex hibition will be, fonud a number of •provincial' journals of : Now' South Wales. These will (Joubtless rivet tbo gaze and fascinate the attentionof tlio, intelligentAinoricaii,. who,, will gloat over the glowing pages of these contri butions townrds' tho instruction and amusement of the community. We cannot say how they will bo .cata logued "or displayed perhaps, they will be placed in a case under the. 'cross-head' of 'Cariosities.' But there can bo littlo doubt each par ticular issue will convoy n flattering ostimato of-our capabilities as journal-, ists. The duties of n country editor •are- particularly harassing.' Publish ing days v:ill arrivo ; ■ Iho paper must be forthcoming ; but where, oh ! where is the news ? It is not very surprising :if reason somotimes fails to hold its scat ill the distracted brain of tho editor.' ^Vliat is to be done1 ? Monster gooseberries won't grow, showers of frogs -are raro, people don't seem to tumble down shafts or /inurder- one another ns tbey-used—sometimes there is not even a suako storj'. Then des peration ensues. Out scissors and paste- pot—' hero's snip, and rip, and cut, < ntid slish rind slash ; ' until1 nt length tho Dawdleton Dozer is com plete and ready Tor the pross. Thus it-is that; wo see journals with a column beaded ',Local,Nows,'. and containing sonio dozen payugrapbs, <not or-> single' onoj of. which bear any reference to mattors witbin a hundred miles of the locality. In auotbor instance,. wo ro member observing under tbo same title, eight paragraphs, all with differ ent ' sido-heads,' but all:furnished by tbo proceedings in tho local police court or tbo previous day. Thou those; good ' bid "sto'ck 'funny! paragraphs,: which travel iii'circlos all. round and. .round'.the country. press—starting ,ttp; again and ,again liko Banquo's ghost, when niluasti expected! Even1 tbo ground-work of a leador is not so readily to be obtained! Of this, not loug.ago, a striking illustration Was furbished by a country journal. Wo liopo thafc our country frionds liaye furbished themselves up, aud made an appearance calculated to astonish Brother' Jonathan." Merciful hea vons ! Can any durablo thing live a moment after so powerful, so gusliing a scathing ? We scurcely think such' is possible, taking all tho statements of the denouncer of, tho provincial Press, ns exemplified in the quotation we Imvo carefully given, into duo-con side ration. We, onoof tbo reviled news-sheets, Avbo strive to work out a doLent living, aro called, or ratlier, ore classed !as: " Cr6ss Heads." Wby this; ominous (iiarap should, bavei been' bestowed upon . us is 'more' than a puzzle! , But wo aro not only " Cross Heads," woaio "Curiosities." This is altogether : too cruol, recollecting, as' wo do, tbo emineut echoing author-' ity by whom wo a|-e attacked.: With this cruelty, however, there is mingled a very strong dash of impertinence. ! Wo use the word advisedly. To think that it is possible for a "puking" im postor, in the shape or guise of" a newspaper,, picking out the "bean Wliilo its ow.n mote is a picture, of literary waste, is really "appalling. Moreover, it is. hard , to imagine that a wrctolied- abortion '(not oven a histis. nofime)''anch'° as is the Echo, should find fault and Bet itself up in.stilts, is scarcely imaginable by the veriest poet 'that Las ovor. been, born, .not made. This qvening/roprint. of the Herald's daily twaddle is truly an amusing and o presumptuous small Bheet—amusing. by reason of its veritable impotency ; presumptuous, because it. is all blow— TKpLLoms: blowli: For'-its own' sake,' wo would advise>.oiir' flatulent con. temporary to cease criticising, and to spend a little more timo in learning the valuo of that'proverb which says— Experienf ia docet sliillum-y, Tyet it ox amino itself, anil.lot it road, mark, and' inwardly,, digest the words of the prince .of-' born1' poets— ; "Wad somes' power the giftio gio us,, To see oiirsol's ns others sco us.".; 