TALES FOR THE YOUNG. GHOSTS IN THE HALL AND SHADOWS ON THE WALL. PART I.—DOME FOB THE HOLIDAY. s By the Author of«Never Afraid The chimes of the great clock of Cliverhouso wore striking five one wintry evening in December, when their musical tones were lost for a moment by a deafening shout from some excited youug schoolboys, who seemed to be trying which could make the most noise. It was the day bofore the holidays, and as the last examination class broke up, the boys, wild with excitement, tossed away their books, and dashed into the great hall, exclaiming, " Now for home ! Three times three for the holidays ! hip, hip, hurrah I" " My first half over, and a prise to take !•* said Walter Buckhurst, the youngest scholar there. " Bravo, young one!" cried his cousin Norman ; " and I promise you shall enjoy the holidays you spend with us at Buckhurst; it's such a jolly fine tumble- down place, all iw J and stuff." "I know that," replied the boy; "I've been looking forward to the holidays all through the term. Hurrah 1" Of course he had. And so likewise had they all, and their sisters to, as the boys would have admitted they been clever enough to see through, bricks and mortar, "This time to-morrow," Katie Buckhurst was saying; " oh, Lucy, rejoice!" " Eating toast, end drinking tea Oh, how happy we shall be !" We'll have a fire in our room to-morrow night; no more freezing feet ' Home, home, sweet home!' that means comfort." "Why, we you cold, froggie?" said her sister, who was busy plaiting her hair. " I should rather think I was. We've had no fun for the last fortnight; nothing but lessons from morning to bed-time. Positively, Lue, I dreamt last night that William Rufus was tied up by his hair to the top of Westminster Hall, in 1087, and that it was so red that he set fire to it, and it went on burning till 1666, when an arrow flew out of the blaze and shot him down. I wonder what good lessons do when they leave a muddle like that in your head!" and for a minute and a half Katie pretended to be very miserable, and sighed, concluding with a caper round the room. " Hush, Kate! be quiet!" said her more thoughtful Bister; " I have kept you out of mischief pretty well through this fcerui,and I won't have you get into it now." " Well, to please you, I will, for you are a dear good sister, though you are prim and proper now and then; but I forewarn your royal highness that having bottled down my fun for so long, it will go off to-morrow like a cork in a bottle of lemonade." " Ah, to-morrow! yes," said Lucy, yawning: " I shall dream of it." " I shan't sleep a wink," said Katie; " un less, perhaps, the ' fairies of Dreamland' take pity on me." Perhaps they did, for she was soon dreaming that she was flying to an enchanted palace, which looked like dear Buckhurst; but we rather think that the angels were watching bcth the little sleepers. The following afternoon found Lucy (ind Kate at home, the latter of whom was seated in frout of a roaring fire, anxiously awaiting the arrival of her brother and cousin. " Well, mamma, it certainly is delightful to be at home with you!" exclaimed Katie; "but, hark, I hear carriago wheels !" and she sprang up and went to the window, where she hid herself in the heavy folds of drapery which hung on either side of the deep recess. A few minutes more and there was a loud hurrahing, and busy steps in the hall, while happy voices, kisses, and laughter, mingled in noisy eonftision. Then papa came in. * r But where's Katie, my kitten ¥' cried Mr. Backliursfc, looking under the table and in all the corners. " Come Katie, I want a kiss!" "Oh; I know, I know!" exclaimed our young friend Walter, darting forward in the direction of the window, where, high above his head, uuddonly appeared Miss Katie, entirely enveloped in damask drapery, calmly looking down upon their upturned faces. Not fcr many instants, however, for Mr. Buckhurst playfully sent :W&lter; off, racing him round the room with his little daughter on his shoulder. How long the romping might have lasted would bo difiicult to say, but, fortunately for Mr. Bucl^ursti they were soon summoned to their tea'. Waited and Kate sat together, but thb latter is6 dfeterminately persisted in refusing to eat, :that nothing would satisfy her gallant young cousin but filling her pockets full of the choicest sweets and cakes he . could collect, much to the general anmsomtoit. " I oily' <mh Eiomo of <iurpoor Tillage peo- ple had all we don't want 1" said Lucy, as she spread more jam on the crisp bread. " You had better ask Katie's good fairy to see about that," said Mrs. Buckhurst, smiling. " I wish she would come and tell us a good story," said Katie. " Couldn't you tell us one, papa %—something exciting, you know—a regular puzzler!" " I have a secret, and mamma has a secret," began Mr. Buckhurst, mysteriously. " Well! that's no use, because if you told us it wouldn't be a secret." " Well done, Katie! actually not curious! and such a secret too!" "I suppose we shall know to-morrow, papa. But a story to-night, please 1" " Yes, uncle, do ! About ghosts, and underground passages, and haunted houses, you know," said the boy gleefully. "You need not go far to find haunted houses, for we are in one now, my son." " Oh, papa!" exclaimed the children all of a breath! " do tell us about it! A ghost!" " Yes, Mary Queen of Scots is said to have been kept a prisoner at Buckhurst. The country people would tell you that her spirit began to haunt the lower rooms when jQueen Elizabeth happened to be staying here, some few years after her execution. The oak door is scarcely ever opened, even now, and I don't believe you would get people here to go along the corridor passages at night for any money, all for fear of Queen Mary's ghost. Simpletons !" " My poor dear Mary!" exclaimed Katie; "oh, I don't know what I wouldn't do to Elizabeth! Do let us go and explore; do, >a! We are not afraid one bit—we know there are no real ghosts, papa! Shall we t" " Yes, yes!" burst from Walter and Norman ; while Katie and Lucy, reading consent in their indulgent father's face, were half way towards the door. " We'll have the poker and tongs, Kitty," said Walter, " to defend ourselves, and knock down old Beth. Come along; this is fine fun! Who's afraid?" Buckhurst Hall, in which the family had lately come to reside, was an ancient, irregular building, parts of which had fallen into such decay that new wings had constantly been added, at different points, according to the fancy of its owners. A long gallery ran round a considerable part of the western side, at the end of which was a great carved oaken door, little used, which shut off communication with the further part of that side, and this terrible door was rarely opened, perhaps for fear of the flitting white ones, who were supposed to sojourn in those desolate regions. This night, however, spirits, either in white or black, might well have been scared far away to their hidden abode by the noisy shouts and ringing laughter which proceeded from the gallery, as the Buckhurst procession advanced, "Papa first, candle in hand, to clear the way," as Katie said, followed by Walter and his cousin, with the tongs in one hand and a large birchbroom in the other, which last she carried over her shoulder, and occasionally poked into Norman's face. Walter had armed himself with the kitchen chopper and a huge toasting-fork, while round his waist he had hung all the skewers he could induce " dear cook " to spare him, but as that lady was attending more to her duties relating to mince-pies and plumpuddings, than to anything else in the world at that moment, she did not pay much attention to what he was about. Lucy and Norman brought up the rear, while at a respectful distance followed Tom Tiger, the page, who could not restrain his curiosity to see what was behind " that dreadful door." He gave such a terrific yell when it creaked and squeaked as Mr. Buckhurst opened it, that they all started back in alarm, and the next instant they beheld poor Tiger, who had fallen backwards into a large old basket, with his legs in the air, giving him the appearance of standing on liis head. " What could ho have been afraid of!" said Katie, scornfully; "why I would go anywhere hero, and never be afraid of ghosts— but—o-o-o-oh!" and her exulting tone ended in a scream. " What—what V' said Walter, as he almost dropped her chopper on her toes. "Oh! oh! W—what over is it? Oh papa, take me away!" and Katie recoiled, more in horror than fear. " But, I don't see anything, my child. Why you silly goose, it's your own shadow with your black broom, and the tongs !—a bravo girl, frightened at her own shadow!" A universal laugh followed, in which Katie herself joined as heartily as any one, declaring she would show them she was not afraid, by going into the darkest holes and corners no herself. She knew well enough there were by such things as ghosts. " Let mo have your lamp for a minute, Norin&n;, will you?" -whispered Walter ; " I want to go round this other way and peer about.; Come'along, Katie ;; never fear with me." "That passage will load you back to the OWl 'ofthe galleiy," called out Mr. Buck- hurst, but they did not notice what he was saying, and the others all wont on, believing Walter and Katie would soon follow. They, however, by aid of the lamp, followed the winding passage which had so much excited their curiosity, and found that it led to a flight of stone steps, down which they carefully descended. "I say, Kit, these are the vaults. Can't you fancy you hear sighs!" "The wind, perhaps; don't you try to frighten me !" said the cliild, a bright flush of excitement tinging her check. "Bravissimo! then liore goes!" and he helped her down the last step, and pushed open a small worm-eaten wooden door. " Now shall wo go in and see what's behind this? What do you say, Kitty?" " Go in ! why, of course! Come along!" Aud on they went, and the heavy old door swung behind them with grating sound, and then closing with a sudden snap. PART II.—WHAT THEY POUND. The children, meanwhile, elated with the idea of " making discoveries," wandered on through some long passages, but growing tired of the game, at last turned back to the little door, and found, to their horror, that they could not open it. "Oh, Walter, what shall we do?" exclaimed Katie, with wide wondering eyes; " we shall be lost, like the children in the wood, or Ginovra, and turn to skeletons." " Ginevra! who's she?" " Don't you know ? Why, a piece of poetry I learned for Christmas—about a beautiful girl, who shut herself in a large chest for fun, and the spring went down, so that she could not get out; and she died, just like we shall. I never thought I was learning my own funeral song!" added the child dolefully. " Funeral fiddlestick !" replied Walter, bravely: "let's make the best of it, Kitts. We'll go through that other door," pointing to one they had not before noticed, " perhaps it will lead us out to the gallerv : it can't be far off." " And perhaps it will lead us into a dungeon ; it looks gloomy enough for anything." " Never mind, let's be brave, and perhaps we shall get put into a book." " I don't care where we are put, if only we were not put here. A pretty place to spend Christmas Eve in!" and the little girl almost cried as she clung to Walter's side. "Come, come, I say, don't cry, Kitten!" said the boy, affectionately, putting his arm round her neck; look, there's a window up there, and the stars are shining: somehow it makes me feci as if I wasn't so lonely, whenever I can see them." The little girl looked up, at Walter's words, but did not speak, as she stood gazing at the starry watchers, so far above her; perhaps they were helping her to think of Him, who, on the first Christmas this world ever knew, came down to a meaner, more lonely place than were she now stood, and we think she remembered that He was able to take care of her everywhere, for when she spoke again it was in a brighter tone. All right, Walter dear, I'm coming," and she followed her cousin, who, with his chopper, toasting-fork, and lantern, marched forward to the further door. It led through a still longer passage, which Katie declared was leading them to the bottom of the sea; but it came to an end at last, and the cdildren found themselves in a small lobby, opening into a comfortable room, which had evidently had recent visitors. " Well! the ghosts of Mary and Elizabeth have been taking possession and tea here, Just look, Katie! why there's a fire laid in that grate! Come, we will make ourselves jolly now; I wish we had something to eat though, and some matches! Don't you ? " There's plenty to eat," said little Katie, emptying her pockets, and turning out three apples, a huge piece of cake, some biscuits, three or four sandwiches, and a lump of toffy. " This is what you stuffed into my pockets at tea; we shan't be hungry just yet, I fancy; and see, hero are some matches on the mantelpiece ! We'll light the fire; shall we?" " Bravo ! what fun ! There's a bundle of wood over there—just fetch it, Kitts, please." " Oh, Walter, it's like being in the Houses of Parliament. Don't you feel like Guy Fawkes setting fire to the gunpowder ?" " I hope not, though; I wouldn't like to blow up the old place," said the boy, stopping with his hand on the match. " I do wonder whoever has been here to lay this fire ! and— look there, what's in that box?" . "Where? what?" said Katie, with a start, half expecting to see a white figure arising from a now wooden packing- case which stood near her. Let's open and look inside; perhaps we shall find something." " Oh, Walter, don't! you frighten ine! Did you see it move?" * <&• " Why, I thought you were going to ho so, brave," he said, opening the box, "Hullo, look liere! just ecel" he suddenly exclaimed, us lw pulled out, first a large cake, some boxes of liuit and sweets, some parcels of books, fancy boxes and toys, and finally half a doom little children's frocks and jackets, with some warm petticoats and shawls. " why, and here's mamma's red muff 2 Now I know! MOW I have it!" exclaimed Katie; "this is papa's secret, and mamma has got these things for our poor school-cliildrcn and their mothers. Oh, how nice J" and Katie danced the first jig that had ever been performed in that so-called haunted chamber which had, indeed, been chosen as a safe place to hide the secret in. " liut you don't see the best part of it,"said Walter; " if they have been here and got out again, it's very plain that there w a way for us to get out too." " Oil! but how to find it is the question." <• Well, we'd better go and look for it." 80 they ran along, until they found themselves shut in by tho wall. " This won't do !" said Katie; " but listen," she added, holding up her finger, and leaning her ear against the wainscoted wall, " I hear steps on the other side; don't you ? ' " A ghost!" said Walter, mischievously. " riush ! Xo, it's Norman and papa. Oh ! they are wondering where we are. I'll just startle them a bit!" and Kate rattled her fingers along the side of the partition, murmuring in a hollow unearthly voice, " Your secret, bo ware! your secret, take care !" " What a strange sound ? Norman, don't you hear ? Hush! hark!" murmured Mr. Buckhurst's voice, from the other side; and Walter and Kate, smothering down their laughter, heard the following words, " Secret! know my secret! the place mmt be haunted! Oh, those children, where can they be! We had better go back and look for them. Fm getting uneasy." And then," those children " (naughty mischievous children they were too), amidst their stifled laughter, heard the footsteps retreating, while they stood listening. " Go to the room of discoveries ! go to the room of discoveries!" they called out at the top of their voices, and then, to their great delight, they heard a hunting of steps. "They're coming, Walter! there coming! let's be off to the room and light the fire, and have a glorious bit of fun !" So, while Katie and Walter scampered off inside the wall, Mr. and Mrs. Buckhuwt, Ntaman and Lucy, followed quickly along the gallery. The inner way, however, was by far the shorter, and the children had popped a whole boxful of matches into the grate, and were waiting in breathless expectation by the blazing fire, to welcome their advancing friends. " So you have come to the rescue, papa, at last!" shouted Katie, as she heard his step, and saw him peer anxiously into the room. You young rogues ! So you have found out my secret, have you 1 You surprise me, for I thought it well hidden here." ' • Ah ! we hare surprised you, haven't we ? but how did you get the door open, papa ?" " 13y touching the spring, to be sure, though I did not know of that entrance until now. So you have discovered something before the year is out. And I have discovered that I have two, good, brave children, who are not silly enough to be afraid because they, find themselves alone. You startled me, though, when I heard those sounds in the wall." " Oh, uncle, it waB such fun i tut we were glad enough to hear you all the same." " Yes, it was fun then, papa, but I was a little bit a&aid;, and rather cross at first, papa dear," said the truthful Katie, timidly lifting her large brown eyes to his face; " but Walter didn't make fun df me—that helped me over it." " Well done, my children! speak the truth, and be kind to each other and to all. You see, mamma has been thinking of our poorer friends too; she mean't to tell you the secret to- morrow." " Three cheers for mamma and papa!" buret from the children; " and now, papa, 1 ' added Katie, "let's have some cake supper, won't you? your own providing and our-setting, so it ought to be extra good." "So amid much f*n and merry-making, they all enjoyed their repast, none the less for its being eaten in the haunted room, " haunted with good things," Lucy said. CANABE SEED.—From various causes, but chiefly from a reported failure in the crops of the few countries that now produce canary seed, there has been a remarkable advance in the price of that article, the market value of which has now reached nearly 300s. per quarter—an advance equal to about six timeB the average value. There is reason to fear that from the enormously incveased cost of canary seed thousands of birds belonging to work-peoplfe in the manufacturing and mining districts will benegleeted or destroyed. In the hope of preserving them from this fate it tmay be stated that canary seed is *ot, as is ' popularly supposed, an essential part of Iheir food. Canaries may be fed with equal *f millet, rape, ^nd hemp sped only, a»d ln«ir plumage, voice,'"end 1 general conflition wiM bi» mad in u every respeot psifect. 