UNDER THE VERANDAH. ui-. J.: tffc \- lathe general European war to come off this year, or to bo postponed indefinitely? \- The English newspapers which arrived by the last mail ore Ml of warlike rumors. But in the present state of the Continent reports of an impending war may bo looked . for every Spring with as much regularity as \- jthe crop of early peas. A struggle on a larger scale than over may be looked for sooner or later, but I do not think either France or Germany is quite ready for the ' -struggle, and it is just possible that the clouds which hang over Europe may break without 4he storm whioh everyone expects. Ger« many might placate France by surrendering _ 'Alsace and Lorraine. The question which , is most interesting for aBriton is the attitude whioh the mother country and Russia may be expected to tako in the struggle. My own impression is that they will both remain . neutral. Russia hates Germany, although ihere is a friendship between the Kaiser and > the Czar, and the policy of Britain and Russia aro traditionally opposed to eaoh other in Turkey, Central Asia and India. An alliance between England, Russia and Germany is most unlikely, and on the other hand it would surprise me very much to see . Protestant England and Greek Russia en- . . gaged in a conspiracy to exalt Ultramon- tonism at the expense of German Prote3- . tantism. Our cousins at the antipodes will, , . if they are wise, adopt the undignified but profitable role of soiling the munitions of war to both sides. V I was not sorry to hear that there is a possibility of the Legislative Council being brought to its souses, and forced to abandon the attitude of insolent defiance ib has so j long assumed. People may ask what in. ( iorosb I, as a trader, can have in solving a more abstract question like the relations .. between the Council and the Assembly. I . will tell them very quickly. The Upper House Hoes not represent any other interest than that of thelarge capitalists, and their interests are opposed to mine. I want to see the . r, -gold-producing interest thrive; they are quite indifferent whether it does or does \- not. I want to bear no more than my fair „ ' share of the taxation ; they are anxious that men like myself, who can only earn a little, r and are forced by the necessities of their position to spend a great deal, should pay a larger share of the public burdens than j those who have a large income, which they Are . not obliged to spend. And, besides,. I . have long been of opinion that the in- \- teresta of the large landed proprietors, most of whom are, or will bo, "absentees, are quite apart from, and are frequently directly op- ' posed to, those of the great bulk of the people. "What is it to me that wool goes up two-pence a pound. The advance enables .. Grab-all to buy up the homesteads of \- Rusticus, to pull down his cottage, grub up \- the fruit-trees in his orchard, and lay down ; the whole place in English grass ; and gives Bovis enough money to increase the al- \- iowance to his eldest son in the Lancers, his " -aecond scion at Oxford, and marry his scraggy ' daughter to a younger son of any Lord Tomnoddy. Of what advantage is all this expenditure to me ? The recent administration of the Roman -Catholic sacrament of confirmation at Gee- long, and the proceedings preliminary to it, must have been an edifying spectacle. One . of the priests who officiated was the Vene. rable Archdeacon Slattery, and, presuming \- the local account of the affair to be correct, \- Sunday last must have been a field-day for his reverence. The usual Sunday servioe was only just concluded when the venerable .archdeacon is reported to have driven his Jaithful flock down the aisles like a mob of .' frightened sheep. As they did not move fast enough this gentle expounder of the gospel bade them clear out, and as one old \- female worshipper lagged behind the \- rest, -he took her by the shoulders and violently expelled her from the 'sanctuary. What, no doubt, ruffled the ' feelings of the venerable arohdeacon -was 'his impatience to witness the discomfiture of the wicked parents who had the temerity Jho send their children to the State school. .He had warned his people many a time and oft that if they would persist in sending their children to the godless school they might . look out for clerical punishment, and now the hour for reckoning was at hand. The \- Roman Catholic children of the district were -to be confirmed by Archbishop Goold, and ' It had been arranged that any known to at- tend the State school Bhould be denied con firmation. The indecent impatience of the .free and flashing sword-bearer is thus ex. . plained. But of the means resorted- to for the gratification of his vengeance what shall be said? The great civil service prize — the clerk- -ship to the Executive Council— is still in the 'lucky-bag, and no one knows who is to have the highly-paid sinecure. One gentleman lias tried to distance his competitors by .offering to perform all the duties for an addition of £300 per annum to his present .salary. In these days of retrenchment the proposal sounds tempting, although it is . ..open to the objection that it shows that he v cannot have very much to do in his present , 'place. Bravo Sir Julius Vogel ! You have car- \- ried your point at last. You have floated your loan and got your title. New Zealand may turn her back upon her old love, but he will be able to do very well without her. He; has squeezed the orange pretty well, and it is not a matter of much importance what be- oomes of the residuum. I called attention a few weeks ago to the necessity that existed for enforcing the com pulsory clauses of the Education Act, and expressed a hope that the Minister, in the annual report which he must shortly lay before Parliament, should state how many of the State school children during the. two last half-years had neglected to make the absurdly small total of attendances that the law requires. It would appear that Mr. Mackay means to give the information. I hear the teachers have been directed within the last weok to send in statements of the children who have not made their atten dances for the two halves of 1874. No one can accuse Mr. Mackay of indecent haste in the matter. The act has now been in existence for two years and a half, and the idea has at last suggested itself to the Minister that it would be as well to inquire whether its most vital principle has been observed. I rather fancy that when the result is known people will open their eyes, and ask for what purpose the Education department was made the most expensive branch of the public service. I do not know that any educational quali fication is, or should be, needed before a man can take shares in a mining company. Asa general rule we are only too glad to pocket the commission on the purchase. But still, one is unprepared for euoh displays of crass ignorance as are occasionally manifested. I was suprised the other day, for instance, to hear a shareholder at a mining meeting objecting to the majority dictating the course which the company should take, indignantly inquiring who the majority was, and expres sing a wonder whether he was a shareholder. Compulsory education has evidently not been introduced a moment too soon. The great problems at the block, the skating rink and tho private coursing matches at Sunbury are, will the Prince of Wales visit Australia ? and will he bring the Princess with him? The fairer half of creation are especially anxious1 for a sight of their future king. If it was chic to have danced with Edinburgh, how much more charmiEg to have danced with Bertie? I cannot help feeling amused at the tone in which the English press discusses the forth- coming expedition, the money it will cost, and the presents which the Prince will re ceive. It seems quite understood this time, that if John Bull puts his hand in his pooket in order to enable the Government to dazzle the mild Hindoo with a gorgeous, royal progress, the British taxpayer ifl, to have the handling of all the shawls and jewels which the Prince may receive from Indian princes and nobles. There is to be no repe tition of the trick whioh the Duke of Edin burgh played. A friend of mine who was spending some time at the charming establishment of M. Blanc, at Monaco, has forwarded me one or two morsels of gossip. Amongst the un lucky players was the Prince of Wales, who lest rouleau after rouleau of Napoleons in the most plucky manner, while a French duke won 100,000 francs in a quarter of an hour. A young German banker lost £120,000 during the season, and a Russian princess had left £00,000 behind her. " One of the most fortunate players was a Mr. David Jones, from Ballarat." Strange that the death of poor Aspinall should have been followed so closely by that of his wifej who was not only quite uncon scious of hor widowhood, but who looked forward with a confidence not justified by thecircumstaaces upon her husband's restora tion to health. A coincidence equally remark able occurred in the case of Sir John Gray, of. Dublin, and his brother Wilson Gray, of New Zealand, who both expired within a few hours of one another. The old identities are fast passing away, and in politics, the bar, medicine and commerce the buBy energetic and talented raoe which was brought to Vic- toria through the discovery of gold is being rapidly replaced by a new generation. In- some respects it may be an improvement upon its predecessors, but it will be along time before it produces a wit like Aspinall or a politician like Wilson Gray. Peace to their memories. Those who recollect M. Chevalier will . be glad to learn that he is makiDg his way in. the artistic world of London. He has just completed a painting of the marriage of the Duke of Edinburgh, with which the Queen and the Royal Family have been graciously pleased to express their satisfaction. The patronage of royalty is not worth much pecuniarily, for crowned heads generally take care not to pay too much ; but the English are such a nation of tuft-hunters that the approval of the Queen andthePrincesislikely to lead to some good commissions from wealthy amateurs, who think it a fine thing to follow the royal load. The Duke of Genoa, unlikemost princes, is both thoughtful and generous. By the last mail intelligence reached Melbourne that he proposed to send a proof of his regard and remembrance to nearly all the persons who had made his stay in Victoria agreeable and pleasant. I wonder whether he will ask the Italian Parliament to recoup him for the amount of money which he. expends npon these little presents ? I am very sorry that John Lancaster Graham, the heir-at-law-of the well-known Collingwood brewer, and who succeeded under very romantic and peculiar circum- stances to the large fortune left by his father, had not made up his mind to remain iff Victoria. He would have made a capital member of theCouncil, for his peculiar idiosyn- cracies marked him as a born representa tive of the wealthy lower orders. An English paper states that the wealthy Australian was lately sued in two actions at the Beverley County Court. In the one, Graham wa3 defendant in an action brought to recover the rent of a pig-stye, at the rate of 3d. a week, which resulted in his having to pay 3d. without costs. In the other the plutocrat's solicitor wriggled out of the debt on a point of Jaw. A man worth £80,000 who will be sued rather than pay threepence, and refuses to pay his just debt for goods sold and de livered, would have found very pleasant and oongenial society in Victoria. A rather ludicrous incident occurred a few ' days ago at a country town not for from Geelong. A resident in the place received a telegram informing him that an intimate friend had died that day. Overwhelmed with Borrow, ho went home and wrote a letter of condolence to the widow. To his intense astonishment he reoeived the very .next day a letter from his old friend himself, -and not from his ghost, telling him that it. iwas the wife and not tho husband that had Bhuffled off this mortal coil. It was lucky for the resident of the Pivot that he had .not proposed marriage to the bereaved widow- when her time for mourning had passed away. Some persons appear to entertain strange ideas of the efficacy of prayer. During the services of a certain religious body on Sun- day last, an announcement was made, from the pulpit that the prayers of the congre gation were required for' a person then in imminent peril and deadly sickness, "that he might either speedily recover or else have a happy release." I wonder whether there were any expectant heirs who were anxious for the latter alternative ? The reasons whioh actual some of the great unpaid in giving their decisions maybe classed amongst the things which no fellow can understand. I was much struck with a recent case. A wife who had indulged in moonlight walks with an admirer; when re monstrated with by her husband, first at tacked him with a rolling-pin, and then tested the thickness of his skull with the aid of a kerosene lamp. The assault was of such a. severe nature that the police were obliged to interfere, although it was between man and wife, and the woman was brought before the local police court. The presiding magistrate read her a very severe lecture, and inflicted a fine of £3. The sentence seems like adding insult to injury, inasmuch as the unfortunate husband had the alterna tive of paying the money or allowing his goods to be seized in default. I think this was one of the oases in whioh the .Married Women's Separate Property Bill should have come into play. The children of the sun, moon, stars and other celestial bodies are rapidly picking up the customs of the outside barbarians. A Chinaman, who was about to commence business as a storekeeper at Young, in New South Wales, opened his shop with a dinner, at which the health of the Queen, the Emperor of China, and a number of other mixed European and Chinese hosts were proposed, drunk and responded to in the most Orthodox manner imaginable. If the Chinamen are so enamoured of our civilisation, that they will adopt our abomin able custom of after-dinner speeches, it Bhould not be so difficult to introduce railways and electric telegraphs amongst the disciples of Confucius. , Michael Dawson has left thi3 world for one in which there are no houses to build and no rents to collect. Luckily he has left his fortune behind him, and .he has died intes tate, so that the good round sum which his relatives will receiyo .will not be diminished by any legacies to churches and hospitals. I should imagine that the revenue will bene- fit very considerably by the death of a man of whom it may safely be said that nothing in his whole life became him like the leaving on't. The people of Fiji seem to have a poor opinion of themselves. One firm announces that the 1st of May being Sweeps' day, will be pbservedas a half- holiday at their office. I should have thought that most persons would have resented being called sweeps, but the good people of Levuka seem an ex ecution to the rule. . ATTICUS. 