EXT'OR'TING MONEY.-UEAV'Y SEN. TENOE. (From the 1rcnsig 2,cws.J AT the criminal court on Friday, Tliomas Woods alias Buchanan alias Macdonald alias Moors alias Brows, a young man of respect able and prepossessing appearance, was charged with hlaving, on the 26th May, un lawfully and feloniously threatened to accuse one Thomas Stacklhouse, a retired captain of the British navy, of the committing of an unnatural offence, with the intention of extortiug money from the said Thiomas Staclkhouso. There were two other counts in the indictment, bringing out clearly against the prisoner a charge of having ox tortod the money by the means sot forth in the first count. The prisoner, who was dressed respectably and even fashionably, was undefended, and stood leaning through out the trial against the dock rails, with his elbow, protected by his handlkerchief, resting on the pointed ends of the rails, and his hands covering about a third of his face. Mr. WV. J. Foster, instructed by the attorney general, proseouted on behalf of the crown. Thie evidence given by tihe witnesses Doteo tive Lyons, Detective Camphin, Captain Stackhouse R.N., and Joseph Burgess, showed the following startling ease. Captain Stackhoseo, who retired from the British navy some time ago, and who is a gentle man of untarnished character, was staying in Sydnoy in April last, and at the time was living at the Australian Olub in Boot-street. One evening, in the middle of April, he was sitting on one of the seats in the contre avenue of Hyde Park, near Prince Albert's statue; he wvas alone, and sat smoking. When alfter being tlIoro about .ive minutes a young man whom he had never seen before came up to him, and after saying that his name was Maodonald, took his seat beside him; ho said he was very poorly off, and remarked that his foot wore very cold as the grass through which he had walked was wet; he was quite a young man, not more than twenty-two years of ago, and very plainly dressed. Captain Staokhouse sympathised with him, as the effrontery of his action wae neutralised by the pitiful tale he was telling, and was apparently about to adviso him how to find employment, when the stranger replied that he had a lot of obscene photo. graphs. This appears to have turned the captain at once against him, and he was about to rise when the strange man became familiar, and placed his hand in a disngrooee. able manner on the captain's knee. At once Captain Staokhoueo walked away, and shortly afterwards forgot all about it. He repaired to the club, and the matter never again entered his mind until about two or three days after, when he was in the club, a message was brought to him that there was a person waiting to see him. Ho wont out, and in the stranger's room of the club there was a man whom ho did not reoogniso, and to whom he could not have sworn, oven after being reminded by him that he was the man who had spoken to him (Stackhouse) in Hydo Park on the previous Wednesday evening. The captain recollected the cir cumstances of the mooting as ho described them, yet could not swear that the man to whom he was then speaking was the same as the one to whom he had spoken in Hyde Park. The man described to Captain Stack house merely the circumstance of his having eat down beside him; but added with bitter ness and hidden motive, "my brother was there and he was watching us; and hero hbe comes," Ind as ho uttered these last words another man, who was none but the prisouoner at the bar, walkeod suddenly into the room where Captain Stackhouoe was then standing eng.,ged in cvnwrsation with the c.~er ma. Tn: was the first time in his life toirt Captain Steckhouse s w the prisoner, and remarked that he was well dressed, though not so well as now, when he stood in the dock. He said in a loud bnd tllroeatening tone of voice, " I suppose you recollect the evening that you met my brother." Captain Stackhouse replied, "yes, I do; but--" and then prisoner added, "0, you knew what took place; now, that'll do," and here he increased his voice in power, saying, "I'll make known what took place between you and my brother," .whereupon Captain Stackhouse said, "I don't know yenou; what do yovr mean." Then the prisoner, speaking with more violeuce, and exercising an almost mesmeric influence over the captain, spoke in such terms that his meaning was at once apparent; and the captain, shocked to his inmost soul of such a charge being preferred against him by two men, arranged with the prisoner to have an explanation. He was given to understand that money would alone save him from disastrous exposure, and pro bably utter rain. The captain acknowledged that this was a most imprudent step, biht the prisoner's voice and action were very violent. The !Sectropolitan Hotel was named as -the place where they should meet to settle the matter. The time was 12.30 on the follow ing day. Captain Stackhouse, true to ap pointment, met the prisoner in King-street, hear the lMetropolitan Hotel; but he (pri soner) said he would not go in there as he had just seen Mr. Williams, the crown soli citor, in there. Prisoner then took him to an hotel at the corner of Hunter and O'Con nell streets, where they met the other man; ahd here prisoner, as on all occasions, wase the spokesman. He said, "well,I suppoe you don't. want an exposure.of what took place between you and my brother on Hyde Park;" and to this the captain said, "what teook place?" Prisoner replied, "that will do; you know;" and then increased his voice and endeavoured tocreato a scene, and on every attempt being made by the captain to get a clear explanation, his voice was drowned by prisoner, who then began to use language indicating that he would charge him with having committed an unnatural crime. The captain acknowledged that he was now completely in a trap from which Providence alone could rescue him. [It might be mentioned here that the prisoner has apparently a strong power exhibiting itself in his eyes and features, and could evi dently exerciee with ease almost eupernatural influence over Captain Stackhouse, who is apparently a man of nervous temperament.] Eventually, after stopping Captain Stack hotise from speaking, he added, "if you'll give us £40 we will say nothing more about it, and give you no further annoyance." Here an opportunity presented itself to the captain to free himself from his anxiety, and he said, "no; but if you'll go away and tive me no further annoyance, I'll give you £20, not £40." The prisoner said he wanted the money to pay his brother's pas isage to San Francisco; but he would see whether hie would take a second-class pas sage, and thus be satisfied with £20. iHe agreed to take £20, and the captain, under the influence of the threats used towards him by prisoner, arranged to pay him the £20 on the same day; and the prisoner made an ap pointment to moot him at the same hotel. They met outside the hotel, the prisoner ap parenoutly alone; but he refused to go into tihe hotel, and led the captain into the Cur rency Lass, corner of Pitt and Hunter streets. All this time Cajitain Staclihousoe felt himself completely in the power of this evil genius. They entered the hotel, and on paying over the money Captain Stackhounsae got back the ucknowledgument which pri soner had compelled him to write out in the early part of the day at the hotel wherethey first met. They parted, and nothing fur ther transpired till a few days after, when OuCaptain Stacklhouso rocoivod a letter at the club from the prisoner. That letter was written in a lady's hand, and was civilly worded, except that it wound up with a threat that if he (Captain Stackhouse) did tiot mooeet him he (prisoner) would go to the club and oexpose him. The letter was signed "Thomas Buchanan," and it was brought by a messenger, who was waiting for an anuswer. The captain kept the appointment mado in the letter, and on seeing the pri soner he asked him what he wanted again, and he said, " I must have the other £20, as my brother would not go without it. I will have nothing less." . Ocoasionally: prisoner called his (the captain's) name out loudly in the stieet, and on his being remonstrated with on his breach of contract, and on hi's misconduct in endeavouring to exposo him (the captain) in the street, he became still mor'e violent, and ondeavoured to oreate a ucceu. ilms conduo was sucha that the cap tain agreed to give the other £20 to get rid of further annoyance; and prisoner, alwayp the master, arranged that he should meet him at the Currency Lass at twelve o'clock on the following day. They met accord ingly; but the prisoner refused to go inside, and then he led Captain Stackhouse up Pitt street into King-street, and then into an hotel opposite the supreme court, where he paid him the £20 to get rid of the annoy ance, prisoner promising to go away for over. The next time that Captain 'Stack house' heard of the prisoner was from one of the messongers of the club, who said that prisoner had boon inquiring for him; he gave the name of Mr. Buchanan. Captain Stackhousoe afterwards saw prisoner in the Domain, whore he- admitted that the man whom he had called his brother was not his brother, and that he would endeavour to re fund the money. Captain Staekhouseo comr municatod with the police, and'prisoner was charged with the offenco for which he wai now on trial. The jury, without leaving the box, returned a verdict of guilty, and prisoner was remanded for sentence. His Honor, the judge, after having the prisoner called up for sentenco, said that he never listened to a case showing forth such start ling atrocity. He believed that the prisoner was so hardened that ho would in no way be affected if whipped through the streets of the city. He had the option of sentoncing him to three years' imprisonment, and to liavo him thrice publicly whipped, or to sen tenco him to imprisonment with hard labour for fifteen years. His Honor then pro nouncoed the latter sentence upon him, and stated that he would make a regulation that would sooeure the prisoner being kept apart from all other prisoners in whatever gaol he might be worked-thus passing upon the prisoner a socutence that would cut him off for fifteen yelrs at loest from all intercoiurso with fellowmen. TINeSfTREcrIOs AT TEO CAPE DrIAONn ELnss.--WVo are informedl that private letters from Cape Town represent the condi tion of affairs at the Diamond Fiolds as most serious. The president magistrate having inflicted a heavy fine for illegal traffic in firearmv, four hundred men armed and or ganised themselves to resist and intimidate the officers. Governor Southey issued a pro-: clamation warning them to disband, and declaring them to be in rebellion against her hlMajesty. This proving ineffectual, he sent a despatch asking for military assistance; and Sir Henry Barkly ordered up to the Diamond Fields two pieces of artillerr, three hundred men of the 24th Regiment, and one hundred cavalry. Delay occurred in obtain ing transport, £7 10s. per man being de manded for transporting them six hundred miles in eighteen days. Meanwhile, al though the revolters did not disband, they became less menacing, and a considerable force of men enrolled tsemselves on the.spot in support of governmeit. Sir Henry there fore deferred the depaiture of the military. Further new awaited with anxiety. The Cape newspapers comment severely on the vacillation and paltry econoiny which they cay have blieen displayed. They alco criticise and condemn MZr.Froude's speech in London. Hopes are expressed that the Prince of Wale', wh~an returning from India, will call at the Cape. GnosTs.-An American literary gentle man; after the nightmare, wants tb give his remarks upon ghosts. He says:-" A ghdst is about 5 ft. 7 in. in height, and weighs about four to six ounces. They aint afraid uv nothiog, and will hang about a grave yard az kareleos as a skoolboy will around a norchard in green-apple time. They are liken great many other things in this world -often heard ov, but seldom seen. I will give 15 hundred dollars to see a ghost; but i want one kaught whole and not hurt." Mi friend Phineas T. Barnum will takea whole dr've'ov them at the same price per ghost, and not quarrel about the gender. There fore bring your ghosts." AwIDE ? WonRrr STUDYIG.t-In reference to standing treat a Yankee says: "Now, boys, if you wish to be generous and treat each other,ivhy not select some place besides the liquor-shop? .Suppose as you go by the iost-office you say, 'I say, my dear fellow, come in and take some stamps!' or go to the haberdasher's and say, 'boys, come in and take a box of collars!' or take your'comrade to a cutler's shop and say, S'Ill stand a good pocket-knife all round.' " There is, in Englaid, a Prudential Life Assurance Company, whoso last year's balance-sheet showed startling results. It had issued 2757 policies in its ordinary and 888,758 in its industrial branch, producing a new annual premium of £344,242. It has 350 officers, of whom 50 are ladies, and it receives about 1000 letters per day. But the most curious part of the statistics of this company is that an average of 180 of the ladies who hold policies get married every week! This is a model insurance company. It not only protects the insured against the contingencies of death, but seems to afford a tolerable guarantee against the casualty of perpetual spineterhood.-l2igles in the Australsueian. - Statietical tables show that there are in the whole world about-164 cities with 100,000 inhabitants; 9 with over 1,000,000; 12 with from 1,000,000 down to 500,000; 20 with from 300.000 to 400,000; 33 with from 200,000 to 300,000; and 90 with from 100,000 to 200,000. The aggregate of the population of these large cities comprise 50,000,000 inhabitants--that is to say, tile twenty- eighth part of the entire population of the elobe. Our Irish fellow-subjects have. not been able overywhere to manage their O'Oonnell Centenary celebrations as peaceably and orderly as they did in Melbourne. In Sydney the proposal of their walking in procession excited a great deal of uneasiness, and the demdnstration has, it is said, loft angry feel ings in the minds of a sootion of the com munity, that will, however,.doubtless soon pass away. litt in D'ublin the centenary banquet had to be closed abruptly, in con sequence of dissension caused by the intom perate zeal of some Home Rulers. So that ona the whole it is quite as well that Mr. Gatehouse did not accept the invitation of the lord mayor of Dublin, but contented himself with bearing a part in the orderly and harmonious assemblage in our owntown hall. At Glasgow also, the Orange and Home Rule factionu.became disorderly,. and some. riotous proceedings took place. It is nobie able that we are told by the telegrams that at the Dublin celebration "the .religious bodies were predominant," and aldo: that "several foreign bishops and Ultramontano German bishops were present." In other words, seootarian differences had an influence in the affair, and an attempt was made to give it the character of a sectarian demon stration. At Sydney the oration was pro nounced by Archbishop Vaughan, and a very. formidable address it is, as it stands at length in the pa~oes of'th loeading New South Wales journal. Our good fortune lay in the fact that with us.the celebration was 'mainly a lay one, and that the priest element had but a little part in it. Such part as was taken by the priesthood on Sunday last, ap peared decidedlyintended, as it certainly was eminoently calculated, to inflate the seotarian animosities which in-tlie general commemo ration were so wisely ignorod.-Australasian. It is noteworthy that in Ne?w Zealand, where immigration has for some time been flowing in.a full stream into the colony, any chock to the influnx is viewed with appre hension, as likely to be injurious to the colony's prosperity, or, at any rate, to retard its progress. Lstely Sir Julius Vogel, while.lookinlg into the'subject'in England, considered that a time had come when emigrants might 'ube fairly called upon to pay a portion of their passage money, in the shape of promissory notes, or, if preferred, a cash payment for a smaller sum. But the news that such a change had been. made was viewed in the colony with surprise tind great disfavour MIinisters lost no time in telegraphing instructions to their colleague inLondon that free emigration.ought to be at once returned to. The Now Zealand Times says:-" This colony can afford to continuo free emigration for at least two years on the scalo determined by ministers, who are beotter able to judge of the require monts of the country than persons at a distance fromit. No doubt Sir Julie Vogol was influenced by the best possiblo motives in issuing those instructions, but the labour requirements of New Zealand are far from being satisfied--the moet conspiounoue testi mony that can be found to the wisdom of the policy of publio works and immigratiohn which he inaugurated." The ministry, therefore, instructed Sir Julius Vogel to arrange that emigration should be free, but that it should be carefully selected, and he at once gave directions for carrying out tbhese wishes. To those in Victoria who fear that immigration must be attended with disastrous effects to the labour market, these facts are full of interest and instruction. Australasian. \Vhen is a pie like a poet? When it's Browning. 