CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND MISSION. TUESDAY, MARno 10. The Ministers and delegatee: assembled at 7'30 p.m., at the. Congregational Church, Prince's Square, to proceed with the business of the Session, and to hear the President's address. There was a. numerous audience in tlhe body .of the. church. On the platform were seated the Revs. J. W. Simmons, W. Law, C.Price, W. C. Robinson, B. S. Bird, and D.B. Tinning. A hymn "Come let us join our cheerful songs " having been sung, SRev. W. Lao said he was quite sure on lehalf of the two Independent Churches' of this town, that he could give.'a hearty welcome to their friends, the Ministers' and delegates lwho had assembled at.that Session of the Congregational Union and Mission. They were, very glad to see them in their midst. .It ha been their prayer that they might have a' pleasant and a profitable Seasion, and that they might take back with them pleasant memories of their visit, He trusted that the whole of those engagements would 'be "sanctified by the Word of God and prayer." ' Whilst they really, looked for much in the wisdom and loving kind-' ness of the brethren in conducting their proceedings, they would depend still more on the blessing of their Gracious Father, and he trusted they would alLapproach their work in the spirit of earnest prayer and supplication. Ho hoped the brethren would enjoy 'themselves while in their midst", and that the treatment, they re ceived would make them so glad that' they would have satisfaction, in repeating their visit.. Be was sure that, the minis tors and members of other churches would be glad to see and welcome them also. The rev. gentleman then read part of Ephesians iv, 'and offered prayer. The Rev. W. C. Robinson, as Secre. tary, read the roll of Delegates as follows: Tamar-street-Rev. O. Price, D. Room, E. L. Diteham, W. Ourr, T. Ridge. ' Prince's Square-Rev. W. Law, W. S. Button; E. Dickins John Steer, son., C. S. Button, P. I. Fysh, A. W. Birehall, A. N. Spones, Henry Button, L Fairthorno, - Lane, O. Wilktins. fnemoria Cthurch-Rev. W. . . Robinson G. R. Napier J. Tolman, O. Johason, W. Gibl?n, John Withrington, - WVoolley. .Davey-sfreeti-Rev. B. S. Bird, VW. A. Wey. mouth, J. E. Saller, W. J. Rout. Union Chape.--Rev. J. W. Simmons, R.D. Russell, J.Ikin, - Fnlayson. Richmond.-Rev. D. B. Tinning, O. Searle. Letters of apology for non-attendan'c had been received from the Revs. Messrs. Nisbet, Shippherd, Dear, and .Kennedy. The Rovevs. Messrs. Bayley and Mell, who had been received as Congregational Ministers since the last annual meeting, had been invited to be present, but cir cumstances had prevented their coming. R Rev. W. O. Robinson read a summary of the minutes of the last Council held at Hobart Town, in January, 1874. Rev: W. Law remarked 'that he was glad' to see the Secretary again in his position.. Twenty-five years ago at a meeting in the old country, he remem bered having heard his voice; and little did he then think that he should meet him at this distant part of the world. And the incoming President, '3? Simmons, who had studied for some time at the Institution where he (Mr Law) partly studied for the ministry, it was gratifying to him to see on the present occasion. They would sing a hymn, and then he (fr Law) would formally give up his position to their President ... A hymn having been next sung, Rov. J. W. Simmons, the incoming a President, delivered his opening ad- se dross:- a My Christian Friends, the Ministers, ti Delegates and Meombers of the Congrea- a tional Churches of Tasmania. It is with t feelings of considerable dillidence that is I venturo to submit to your consideration ti any observations bearing on Church mat- a ters. In doing so I shall endeavour to boar in mind that I am speaking to thoso o who bear the sacred name of Christ, and o whose desire is to show forth the great- a noss, ; the meekness and the love of the Great Rcdeoemer, as wo are gathered together in the name of the Prince of Peace. MIay our words, our thoughts, and our deeds be b such as become the character of those who n are the children of peace, and the dis- n ciples of the Lord of peace; and though i we must differ in some things, I trust we i shall all agree to the well-known maxim, t "In things essential, unity ; in things t doubtful, moderation ; in all thingsa charity." In mtooting you on an occasion a like this, let it not be supposed we pro- c siome to arrogate to ourselves any superi- a ority, but we may be permitted the word of exhortation, not in the spirit of arro gance, but with a view to promote the unity of the church, the unity of the e spirit, the unity of Isnol ; not so much t nnity in nameo; for the tribes of Israel h had their different banners, such as the Ox of Ephraim, the Eagle of Dan, and a the Lion of the tribe of Judah. And in the Church there exists a variety of views a and names, but we imay charitably con- a elude that underlying all there is one great sentiment of allegiance to the Lord, I the Head of the Church, which is more ro1 operative than the love of names. Many of you have read the stirring address of I 3Mr Rogers, Chairman of the Congrega tional Union in England, in which he gave utterance to the sentiment that if lie believed lie could servo God more faith fully, le would consider his allegiance to Christ had greater claims on him than allegiance to the name he bore. And 1 trust our name, as a denomination, is not so precious to us, that we should hesitate to make it subservient to the will and glory of Christ. Let us think kindly of those outside of us, and let us moot in the cul tivation of the spirit of oneness in Christ. Let us bear in mind that there are those outsideous wlhoalso seekto doHis blessed will. The cry sometimes comes to us, as men try to affect the dignity of priests, or to chop off some excresconses of church arrangemonts, that the church is in dangar. The church in danger I What is in danger ? Take our institutions, take our Benevolent Societies, take our deeds of charity, and our blessed Sisters of Moery who labor amid much dis couragomont, and against much difllculty, carrying on their work " through evil report and through good report ;" lot us go round Zion, and see hoew the Spirit of Christ is operating through the means of His dear servants, and what the Jews said we may say-" Walk about Zion, and go round about her : tell the towers thereof. Mark yo well her bulwarks, consider her palaces ; that ye may teoll it to the generation following. For this God is our God for over and ever; he will be our guide oven unto death." It is usual cn occasions like the present to mark the changes which lave transpired since our last annual meeting. Thoe flight of time has been rapid ; our numbers are nothing to boast of, and what changes we have witnessed! At our last annueal meeting thore sat in our presence one who was about to leave us to visit the fatherlnd ; and we think of him now, enjoying the rest lie so much needed, and possibly to-night lhe may be visiting some of those sacred spots where he ohad labored in years gone by. And to night we receive into our assomblybrotller Bird, the successor of our friend Mr Clarke; and may I hope that hlets recep tion in our midst will not be a thing of word merely, but that it will be some thing generous, something noble and true (applause); that he may find in us not bare words, but the warmth and cordiality of brethren. And may I express the hope that like the eagle, lie may prove the means of stirring up the nest, and on the strength of his own wing-if I may be permitted the expression--may is hbe able to bear up the people of his chargo, far from scenes of sense and worldliness. When we met last there was sitting with us a young man, who was preparing for the service of our Lord and Master; he took part in the solecn service of devo tion, and lIe shared in the public commu nion service, and he was received in truthi and sympathy as a minister. To-night he is not in our midst. Some of us felt last year that lie was about to close his i career with us, as his engagement had been brought to a tormination, and that in a manner perfectly honorable and right. But what I want to get at is this, that when a man is found not to be fit for one sphere, why should we lose his work altogether Experience teaches that perfect failure in one sphere may be perfect success inl another. And does not experience show that the ministers of Christ are umen of different talents and different gifts, some are more conspicuous for burning thoughts and powers of expression, some are men of greater sympathy; the qualifications are various ; and what are we to do with them ? Must we lose them, and shall we see them no more l It calls to mind what seems to me to be a great defect in our organisation, which should afford a field for all kinds of gifts, and a display of regard for those who might remove from certain spheres, showing suchr men that we love them still. In the place of one who is no more with us, is a successor of physical strength, of moral and spiritual power, and as far as we may judge quali. fled for his great and good work. And here I find myself brought face to face with this consideration-that when a minister who has left one communion receives an invitation to accept apastorate, would it not be desirable, on the score of courtesy, while it maynot be our province to seek advice and sympathy from those from whom an invited brother comes, isit not right to show that we are not stealers of men, and that it is not necessary for us to rob other chlurchles; or to illustrate the point by an anecdote: at a dinner party a certain member of tihe company was warned that his handkerchief was too far out of his pocket, lie replied "Thank you, you know the company better than Ido" (a laugh). There is yet anothler brother gone from our midst to whom I would refer, MIr MIasters; and if MIr Masters is as unfortunate in travelling hIis journies as I am, I sympathlise with his difliculties. We hoped he would have re mained with us to do an extended work; but no, God fits his servants for their work, and hlie opens doors of usefulness; the lock comes, and the key is sent withl the lock. Our friend Masters has found another sphere, and we wish him God speed. Then we are called on to receive another brother, Ir s Iell, who filled a former charge; but it must be distinctly understood that no overture was made to Mr Mell until we were aware his resigna tion had not only.been placed in the hands of his committee, but alsoe ld been accepted. How strange it is that as rehave hai three departures, we have t(reearrivals. It is not given us to say e have had an accession of strength, or t?.at w he he entered into new fields ofe operst?on ; we have not to tell of great advances on the kingdom of sil anmd sbrrow, and tile occupation of fields i covering tihe island; but we have to say that we areo just equal, three departures and three arrivals. In connection with this thought I am reminded of a touching incident which somo of us have road in the Lifo of Koble, who after twenty years separation met with Newman and Pusoy, old college friends, under circumstances of interest, and on being about to part, one of then quoted the words of Shako- i spoaro : lWhen shall we three meet again? lWhen the llurley-burley's dons, Whllea the battle's lost or won. And we may say when shall those throe brethren, who are not with ns to-day, moot again 7 Probably not until their last mooeeting shall come, when they will ascribe their final victory to Him that bath loved thenm and washed theia front their sins in His own blood. It is usual to say something of points of discipline ; and on manly occasions this point of divi sion has beei stated inl bold, broad, and clear terms. Permit me to-night to endeavor to keep before your minds points on which we agree rather than points one which we differ. When you see a beautiful piece of nsechanism out of order, your great concern is to discover the name of the maker that you may got him to put it to rights, anld not put it into the hands of any little tinker who may think himoself capable. Now, just so with the machinery of the Church, in stead of looking to one and another to adjust it, you are agreed to take the machine to its Great Maker; to pray to Him as of old "Create in me a clean heart, and renow within me a right spirit;" and we look to Him to cure de fects, and who is ready to give us "re pentance towards God and faith in our Lord Jesus Christ." This we are agreed upon. We do not see large pictures in this sanctuary in which the central object is the cross ; but 1 would ask you to turn your attention to thie cross, and you are agreed that the work of that cross is the foundation of saving truth for time and eternity. But call you tell its power, can you dive deep into the secret, the great "mystery of godliness " IIave you ever stood by the side of one suddenly strilcen down by paralysis ? And what could you slay The wife, the otmer, the medical Iman stanuding by could not help, and youl could only leave himn to the Maker of the wonderful machinery, whoso " still small voice" only could speak to that soul, anid give the blessing of peace according to the fullness of the eternal word. We are agreed on the power of the living gift of the Comiforter. We are agreed that high and low, servant and master, slull moot together at the Great Day-that there shall be a resurrection of the just and the unjust; but we are not agreed on the awful sentence of eternal retribution-it's no part of our business to decide that great question ; but we are agreed on the coat of souls, the great sacrifice offered on Calvary by our Lord Jesus Christ. Those are points of unity, and with such a grand foundation shall we quarrel together, shall we be ready to cut each others throats on minor matters, and shall we seek to crowd n every village and town with separate Selhurches of distinctive namoes and de nominations 7 Must weo quarrel about I these tlings, wlen we see there is scope t for proclauiing the coentral truths of our Ifaith ; when we seeo that there is nmch work to do and much land to be over taken ? And in those days of conflict and disunion is it too late for the spirit of con ciliation and mutual forbearance to be exercised, and to agree to labor together for our comsnon good and the higher in terests of our fellow creatures Shall we labor more for the peculiar distinctions of this or that denomination than for the greater good of sendine to our brothren the blessed tidings of God's love and mercy ? Take tup the English papers and we see that public harlots are being reclaimed, and that converted thieves and pugilists are carrying to persons of their own class the tidings of salvation ; and shall we be content to lot others do the work while we fight for church inames and places? But some one will say if there be this broad ground of Christian work how do you propose to teach your young people the foundation of the Christian system, the very creed on which you standl Wen aire you going to teach the children the creed ? Why, are you going to set your little children to learn your creed ? To say " here my little child 1 will teach you the creed," and you begin, and where are you, nnd what effect has your teaching on his infantile mind ? No, I would say, teach the child benevolence, teach it gentleness, teach it self-denial, and God will teach it better lessons than ideas of greatness and denominational dis tinction; lihe will teach lessons of love, and when those lessons havebeen learned, then you can follow with lessons about your creeds. Then, it may be asked, what shall we do with our young people ? Why, give that boy a copy of the Bible, a large shooeet of paper, and a good pencil ; and if the boy comes to you and asks you for the foundation of your faith, you say " Bore it is, my boy, and that will tell him plainly from the page itself, what he wants to know. I will read you a few ex tracts appropriate to the subject of creeds. Mr T. W. Mossman, B. A., Tor rington, Lincolnshire, in his "History of the Catholic Church of Jesus Christ from the death of St. John to the middle of the Second Century," a witness front the enemy's camp, says : To me it seems that there has been enough of wrangling, enoulgh of disputing. Hleneoforthli cannmot Christians learn to be one in tlhe love of the one Father, and of Iiis one only Bcgotten Soni, and the on Eternal Spirit of grace and truth Y" A student of the fathers I had been almost all my life, but had always read them with a ready made alpparatus of Angli can views and theonles at hand to resolved to review the whole of thio nti-nieene literature, divesting myself, as far as I could, of preconceived opinions. This history is the result of tlt. review. . am not surprised tlint nnder tie former system I slwoys, or nearly ilways found Anglieanismin the father; nor t I Iv since isovred acompamtively little of it. but a very great deal of whalt is not Anglicanism. " Thle mistake whioh Ins been made by the nd voeates of wlst is eclled tihe divin or opesolie institution of episcopac hisa been, tlout tey have [one to sriters of tis third and fourth centunes--suchi as St. Cyprian and St. Ambrose, to prove their psoint, instead of mesending to the first and seonud enturies whoere bey wmsutldi Imvo found themselves in a far different atmols phers. Thus in teaching children to read the Bhble we shall not find uih of Catholicism, or of Anglicanism, Presby terianism, or Wesleyanism, and as little shall we find of Congregationalism; but we shall find much of tOh love of the Spirit-much of that Christian eourtesy which distinguished the Lord Jesus Christ himself. From Henry Smith, tOe silver tongued, as hs was called, who flourished about 1i13, I quo? the follouingg:? A Chureh mai. be, yea, a true Chureh nay be, sod is, though it have neltlier elders, nor des messnor dimitplne Is it l for we read in Aels , 43, 1 7, of an assembly of people at Jerualems thiat'receivedthe lVord of God and belueVed, and whieb see expressly called a Chureh, and who bn or dare deny them to be bhe true Churcm of God, while the Holy Ghost doth so testify of them! And yet at thot time no edaeonsesere ehosen, nor eonsttories of elss cereated, For thOey were not erected till . 5ftearW5Ou aL? therefnor a true Ohcubh of Col aony bo tlough onie yet I hnvo not t?h?ose for thlls do? red dlsolpllao le not an oulceitl l part of tho Church." And to turn again to Mossman, ho says: It Is well for Christian mon not to forgot that the Catholli Ohurolh is the living hody of a living Clhrstt, and doplodont for its rpotuoal lifo nnd beointg pon one on ly thing, tho over aIhlldig presneco of the liviog Spirit, God the Iholy (:host. The Martyr Church of MadIgascar, 'a noble Clhrch, won for Christ ion onr own genemtion, by the efforts ofCongregathonalOhristorhi ,seeois to hove relproducd very etootly in the 19th cetury tlhe lliomonts of thle Itartyr Church of the tihreo irat centurieos. I quoto tlhose words not from writers of our own order, but fronm those who adopt dillfferent views. Lot me speak one word to the young people, and say, my young friends, do not desert thIe ClOhnrelc of your fathers; do not without su?l?cient founda tion leave the associations of early years ; and as Congregationalists we cal boast of a noble ancestry, such as Milton, Howe, lobinson, the Pilgrim Fathers, Doddridge,.Isaac Watts, Wardlaw, and Pyo Smith, to some of whom we can look back in the days of our childhood when orrangonment were made in the sanctuary for our comfort as children without dia turbing the adult congregation; and we call call to mind the minister in his Geneva robeo, and we wondered hiow he prepared his sermon ; and we love their memory still,. Before you suffer your selves to be led away from the church of your fathers, consider the broad sympathy you experienced in early days, and the precious memories connected with them. I was anxious to have said something about the condition of our country pastors. Do we think sufliciently of their position 1 A band of brave and noble men, have we paused to consider their privations ? Sounotinoes the ntmembers of our town colt gregations are disposed to treat theiu dis paragingly, and when they come to occopy the pullpt, "Oh," it is said, "it is the country minister to-day." Are their churches to be visited by the town minis ters, and whlen they come to town per haps thomselves left out in the cold? Again, do we know what the country pastors are receiving ? Wo know that in the towns if a minister cannot got bread in one way lhe can in another. And aro such things possible that though they build beautiful structures in the country districts, and people give very liberally indeed to erect them, when the collector calls, they have forgotten the little mouths that have to be fed. Were such things possible lot it be known, and leot the cry of " shane !" be board, and lot it be remembered that thore are those who are devoting their lives to the sacred work of ministering to their clharges. So Inosglbcd, can such mon labor with com fort l satisfaction7 How different the case where there are willing servants of Christ, noble spirits, smoothing the path of life-praying, sympathising meii bouid together and united to blild uip, and net break down, the walls of Jerusalem. If, ihowever, with the symspathy and Chris tianl eflbrts of the people, there be a maln I who cannot succeed in one sphere, let him give way to some other man who can. The day is coming, my brethren, when men will not care for straws, but so long as a man, with the deep spirit of religious earnest ness, labors for the sake of the Lord Jesus Christ, he will carry before his mind the sentiment of their Muaster, "My meat and my drink is to do the will of may Fathoer," and the more so knowing that lifo is fast passing away,and " thi night cometh wheon no man cau work." Just as our lives aro elevated, and our congregations imbibe the spirit of Christ, will they love us-they will be cheered on in their way to the better land, and bid un God-speed ; and then, if our spirits fail, we may take comfort and draw our consolation from the analo gics of nature, for "Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abidothi alone; but if it die, it bringeth forth mluch fruit." And do you yet need oncouragemoent ill your work ? Do true to your part in this grand enterprise, and go forward still. It was for the joy sot before the Saviour that he endured the cross and despised the shameno, the joy of seeooing his kingdom of righteousness, joy and peace established in the earth: that joy is yours; work and wait, and the Lord Jesus Christ will come again, and wlhen he comes to take you to himself, you will find already lost children waiting foryou, to give you welcomeo , and to share with you the honors of service and of victory. Servant of God listen to words of cheer and comfort, spokeln by your faithful Lord and Master " If any mlan serve ,me' let him follow me ; and where I am there shall also my servant be: if any man servo me, him will my father honor." Bear with those words, notwith standing the frailty of him who calls your attention to them, lot them hlave all the weight that their importance demands. " We having the same spirit of faith, according as it is written, I believed, and therefore have I spoken ; we also believe, and therefore speak " (applauso). Rev. C. Price proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman for his address, and said he hind been pleased with the character of that address. It first incul cated Christian charity, love to the brethren, and love to all those who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. Heo also much sympathized with those re marks concerning the brethren who had come and those who had gone, for such needed their generous sympathy. It did not follow that those who had retired from particular departments of the work had left the Lord's vineyard, and they -wore entitled to their sympathy and prayers; astothosowhohad come, it would be well to remember that they had not come to be criticized, but to be helped and sympathized with. Then, hlie was pleased that he had referred to and made the centre of his address, those things on which they agreed. The COhristian Church was coming more and more round to look at things in which they agreed more than those in which they differed. When ihe (Mr Price) commenced preaching fifty years ago, such questions were sharply discussed, and often strong feeling was evoked. But those fiftyyears had toned that down very muchl, and Chlristians though different in their views, had been taughlt to love one another, and show the spirit of unity amongst those who were the body of Christ. He also rejoiced in the reference made to the first ages of the church ; he (ir Price) always fnlt that they belonged to the apostolic ago (applause). He belihoved that the spirit ana character which was coming over the churches was, tlhat they might see eye to eye on truths in which they were agreed, and that they might show to the world love to each other and oneness in Christ ; that bigotry should be trodden down, and that the spirit of Christ under the teaching and guidance of the Holy Ghost should prevail, till the whole world should be brJught to the feet of Christ. He believed such was the spirit and character of the address to whichl they had listened, and therefore he had much pleasure in moving the re solution (applause). Rev. B. S. Bird rose to second the re solution, and said hlie had listened with pleasure to the address, and that on var io0s grounds, personal as well as Chris tian, he thought it proper to express hias gratitude for the kind reference to himsolf, as that was the first occasion of I his boing amongst themo in Tasmania, as succooding their friend Mr Clarko, who had found it necossary for purposes of health and rest to go to Europe. Ho felt thankful for the sympathy shown, and the words Mr Shimnons gave utter onceo to referring to himealf as coming among them, and the hopes expressed for hlis success, and it was only becoming of hinm to express thanks for the same. And with his own namo ho thought hao onght to couple those whose names had also been mentioned as having lately beon received into the Union-M-1r Bayley and Mr M?ill. Were they present they would express their thankfulnoss for the kind way in which they hind booen referred to; and knowing themon personally,and feeling that they ought, to be heartily wel comed as ministers, ho' took it upon himself to speak in behalf of those absent brethren. As to the views expressed by the President thly had his (Mr Bird's) hearty sympathy. No doubt in these times there was a great deal more of that spirit of Christian charity than there was lifty years ago, as mentioned by their venerable friend, Mr Price. And yet there was need for that counseol whih had been given to-night t; for the ministers felt :this that in their audiences there were those who had not a full measure of Christian charity and who wore disposed to be captions, and to find fault when anything was advanced that was not in tecordaunc with what had been maintained from the pulpit in years gene by.; and hld thouglht they had a rit to urge tho' spirit of Christian charity on all those who'listoned to the truths pro. claimed by God's servpnts ; and that they should receive their ministrations kindly and in the spirit of charity, rememboring that character and not crood was a great feature to be regarded. He then spoke in terms of approval of the reference mado in the address to the teaching creeds to children and said if in the train inV of children thoey'wor to observe the prnmiplo of character not creed, they would have a greater atnount of pros perity prevailing. Surely the time for wranglng was passed I Thoe world was lying in sin around them, and there was work to do, withont quarrelling and wrangling about minor points. They needed the spirit of Christ to make them earnest for the great work of souls, that they might not be wholly engrossed with trifles, but that they might heartily and earnestly attend to do the work they lhad to do, alid build up instead of casting down. Sympathising in the President's remarks to this and, lhe heartily seconded the resolution (ap plauoo). Rev. W. C. Robinson put the resolution, which was passed. The President returned thanks for the patience of the assembly in listening'to himn, and for their kindness in passing the resolution. Tho proceedings closed with singing, and the bonediction. 