OUU CONTINENTAL LEXIEK. PA IT IS, July 10. [FKUM OC11 OWN COKRKM'ONIM'.NT.] Th<" Hr|uil)licHii deputies are cniiileuined to j liMi-tl liiljour f:ir six wrulc^ ; if tliey desire to see tin; Public I'.nvors Rills, .fee., passed before the middle of August, ;md thus le.ive no excuse for not dissolving, tliey mast be the first, to arrive at tluir |ii:ices in t ie Assembly and the 1 ^st to leave., in order to vote down propositions calculated only to consume time, and defeat the general elections till next year, which would be attended with lamentable c msequences. Bv so standing by their guns, the constitutional majority can accomplish tlieir object, :ind thus enable France to enter i;ito }x)ssessio;i of heis'elf. The next .step is to keep .Louis Blanc, and his few right-angled republicans quiet : tliey will lie wasting the valuable time of the Chamber, advocaiing their Utopias, suggc.sling the republicanism of ancient (ireece and Home for France of today, instead of what can he found in the United States, Switzerland, and even England. L»nis Kliinc's republican ideas were tried in 1S4-8 and found wanting. Honour the desd if one pleases, but leave the dead in peace. His views are not those that the country sympathises with, or desire to see applied, (jkiuibfttta is the chief of modern republicanism, which endeavours to obtain what it c:in, and to leniain loyally contented when it fails to succeed ; moderately advocating ameliorations. Besides, all the tinkering and incon gruities in the present patch-work constitution, Cn.ii be revised in 1880, but till then it is a tangible thing, so let us be contented wi' littk, but cantie wi' mair." The law on Superior Instruction continues to form the debuting ground bet>veen the ultramontane and the liberal parties ; neither seem to be light, as is the case with all extremes. The liberals count among them members who would not hIIow the Church to found colleges when it had the means ; this is not liberalism ; but gran'ing the Church the right to found universities, and to confer degrees without any control, is not one and the same thing. Liberty counsels to leave instruction free to all parties, clerical as well as lay, but the state must remain master, in the matter of examining for diplomas, and thus becoming the responsible party for the qualifications of the graduates. In the case of the laity, not at all so rich as their opponents, greater latitude ought to bo allowed for holding' conferritcs mid giving courses of lectures, all parties being alike subjected to ministerial control where doctrines may be inculcated subversive ot society. The University of France which confers the degrees, is the state, and cannot be lightly interfered with, for in France history shows, it is easier to establish new institutions than to reform the old ones. But before adopting the new, it would be preferable to see them ut work. The Savary report on t.he Bonapartist conspiracy, as revealed by the Nicvre election, does not bring many new facts, but corroborates rather what is suspected and well known. It is quite clear that M. Rouher, the ex-Vice- Emperor, did not state the fact, when denying upon his honour, he was ignorant of Bonapartist Committees existing throughout the country. The list is given, from documents seized by the police, of the journals iu France in the pay of Impeiialism, some sixty in number, costing about 18,01)0 fr. per month. Evidence is clear, that the JJonapartists were generally astute enough to keep within the law ; however, attempts weie made to distribute photographs in the army, by means of family influence with officers, and one sees with regret, Theophile Gautier demanding gome of the cartes to distribute among the police. The organization was a government within a government; nor did the Committee, of when M. Bouher was the President, hesitate to have their independent detectives, who not only spied the movements of Marshal M'Mahon and his lady, but of the Prefect of Police himself. This was a renewal of liichelieu's practices. Since this discover}- was made, the brave old soldier has given the cold shoulder to the Bonapartists, he found out they wished to trade on his honest name. One Aiuigues plays an exceptionally repulsive role in the conspiracy; he farmed the Communiste for the cause, and even wrote articles bo well for the interests of Chiselhurst, that he received the thanks of the two exiles. It was this man who worked up some of the communist refugees, tp . represent the art izans of Pans at the funeral of Napoleon III. The late Minister of Justice, Tailhaud, beyond yea or nay, abused his position to screen the Imperialists, but as that functionary has long since being forgotten, further condemnations cannot affect him. The inquiry ought to damage the prospects of " Invasion IV., " as the Prince Imperial is uow generally called, had he any prospects since the overthrow of the coalition government, and the expulsion of Imperialist ministers from office. One of the most amusing works of the day, Is a Parthian arrow shot at the deputies, under the title of the elector's hand book ; some Puck has instigated a M. CWve, to write the biographies of the deputies since 1871 up to the present; he gives a table of twenty of the important and capital divisions which have taken place, and extracts from the speeches of the members on the questions involved; the difference between now and then, is the most unblushing in its kind, on any record; the deputies change their political faith as they do their chemises, and there is only this redeem ing feature, that the instances of consistency are as rare as the white, black-bird or the fourleaved Shamrock. One can perfectly well understand why deputies hesitate to appear before their constituents ; all had been electi d to support the ltepublic, and more than one- -would be a consoling hope, that the new Assembly may be oomposed of men attached to a frank faith from the outset. There is much political cowardice in Frenchmen. Paris has nothing to complain of except the continued wet weather. Meteorology Beems pow-a-days to be acting on the feast or the famine principle ; long spells of drought, and Jong periods of wet. The matter at present is eerious, as it might compromise the harvest. Half a dozen pilgrimages ought to be tried to bring about fair weather; they could not be less unproductive than those undertaken to secure the return of Henri V. We are in the throes of quarter day, aud all rents are being punctually paid, eveii work people that were for months out of employment are able to contribute a little to wipe out arrears. If increased taxation represent improved circumstances, Paris ought to be at the top of the list. Thus in 1813, when the city had,a population of 622,000, the tax per head was 87 fros. j while at present, with a population of 1,800,000, the same tax is 112 frcs. Perhaps the Freemasons are the most actirely employed of all crufts; new brethren are being enrolled by hundreds ; this is said to be a reply to the Vatican denunciations, others attribute it to the adhesion of the Prince of Wales. Perhaps both causes combined bring pbout the result. If any misfortune ever befalls the Prince, he can hardly count upon receiving the PapaJ blessing, either by telegraph or othe rwise. The late Einperor was said to have been it free and accepted mason in his exiltid days, which is quite possible, as exiles try all the arts to arrive at their end. His pan might do worse then speculate in the order also, The agonising period of the Toulouse Calamity has passed away, and books are being 1 ruled «V> to 'he statistics. Subscriptions tq the amount of millions of francs have been rollectrd, to lelieve 2S.000 sufferers; 1020 bodies have been found, 3()0 persons are s;iid to be missiiiii", and two millions of property have been destroyed. Business is being resumed, as winu merchants' circulars have been received in Paris stating that they have miraculously escaped, and that having their wine in elevated cellars, prices will remain as heretofore. Smie rot'nes«have been detected and punished for collecting aid for the distressed and applying it for t'leir osvn uses ; and to prevent all appearance of fraud, a penny theatre announces that in its establishment; collections are entrusted to the police. There were a few wreckers at work, as some bodies were found stripped of their clothing; in addition, the brave Marquis d'H.iutpoul, who was drowned saving others, was found iu such a state, with his riugfather cut off. The Besson- Breon marriage case that has occupied so much attention, has been disposed of. The facts are these. M. bessou is a barrister and a deputy, aged .00, and knowing that Mile. Breon would inherit some millions, found the attraction superlative, as he had no means. The acquaintance was made at a watering-place iu 18G8, and the marriage took place in 1872, the la ly, aged 24, dying in 1373. The trial was instituted by the father, to break the marriage, on .account of an informality, to thus possess his daughter's remains, and to cut out his son-in law from inheriting his wealth. M. Breon is nearly 90 years of age, and was of late living separated from his wife and daughter; and perhaps in the interests of the young lady, and to finish her anomalous position, the superioress of the Sacre-Coeur Convent, where the young lady was educated, advised her to marry Besson, whose only drawbacks were his age and his empty purse. This was the easier to accomplish, :>s Mile, was not averse to the match. The father was not fully informed as to the residences of the young couple before tliey were married, and as the law requires— hence his plaint; but he did not much love his child, as he frequently beat her, and came to the cemetery to curse her remains. The Court, while blaming the non-compliance with the formalities, held the marriage to be good. A curious advertisement case has been disposed of. Some twenty years ago a Dr. Faivre entered into a contract with the Omnibus Company of Paris, to place two advertisements of his patent medicine on the inside roof of the vehicles, for the annual sum of GOOfr., the contract to hold good till 1884. The experiment was new. and was eagerly seized, to induce the public to advertise by that medium. Last January Dr. Faivre sold his right to a chocolate manufacturer, and the company declined to recognise the transfer. The directors had learned in the interim the value of their vehicles for advertisers ; besides, the number of their busses had tripled. The Court decided that the company should recognise the transfer, and fix the chocolate cards in all their busses within tweuty-fonr hours, under pain of a daily penalty, awarding lOOOfr. damages into the bargain. A singular lightning accident has occurred at B;-esnav ; six persons sat down to dinner, and had just commenced with the soup when the lightning descended, and on the table, without the least noise or any other accident, than whisking the soup out of one of the plate.?. It passed then into the kitchen, killing a dog stretched before a fire, and then disappeared by melting some bell wires. An old 'jourmmid's code has turned up ; among other counsels given are—to immediately accept the dish when a neighbour passes it to you, as ceremonial delays only cool the morsels; every conversation commenced ought to cease on arrival of the truffled turlcey, and should misfortune give you fur neighbour one of the children—French families allow their olive branches to sit at the family repast, and the practice has much to recommend it—do your best to make it merry with wine, so that its mamma will have to order it into quarantine at once. A story is current that during the Franco- German war, numerous French soldiers nightly escaped from the fortress of Antwerp on rafts ; a sentry was blamed by his officer for not firing on a party of the runaways, and was told he (the sentry) was ordered only " to fire upon robbers, but the fugitives in question were soldiers." " Amour " (love) is masculine in the singular and feminine in the plural, from which it results that ladies have the right to love several times. Byron alludes to a lady, only in her first love, loving her lover, and that afterwards all she loves is love, which becomes a fashion, it appears, she can ne'er get over, and fitting her like an easy glove. A mayor in a village, not one hundred miles from Paris,'announced he had placed two boxes in front of his office, for those who " intend to give " and those " who will not," to the Toulouse fund. After paying judicial regards to the " Spiritists," by breaking up the ghost-photograph manufactory, the police are now giving their best attention to the matrimonial agencies ; up to the present, these have not been found to be swindles, not assignations for immorality ; books are kept by single and double entry, and the business seems to be thriving; those parties who complain they have been tricked, do not show more than the lady they have been introduced to, had not the fortune stated, but that she was generally plain, advanced in years, or possessing bad antecedents. But the agencies do not give any guarantee against these objections. Gravier Cassagnac, the Bonapartist editor, has threatened to kick Gambetta; so a little crowd follows both, to witness the meeting that is to make amends. Party politics and social hatreds run so high, that the wonder is so few kickings take place. A Frenchman lets off 99 per cent, of his passionate feelings in talk and grimaces. He knows that whether his grievance be sound or otherwise, he will go to prison if he raises either hand or foot. In 1830 when Polish refugees were so petted iu Paris,fit was impossible for a native to the manner born, to find a situation, all being reserved for the Poles ; tin advertisement turned the tide, it was from a " Frenchman, the father of six hungry children, demanding the position of Polish refugee." 