Shocking D^ath through Drink — Oaithd Nbrth-Ea»tern Railway, about half as nilefrom Teinp,leton-/»tr.eet ...crowing,, jmjrs the Oenu and Murray 'AUvMuir,* roan named; Thomas Cbonorth, ? lino; repairer, lost his life through being run' brer1 by the evening train.' Hit body was terribly mutilated, his right foot L-i «iF hi. hPAi) amashed and seDarated from the bodr and bit left thigh broken. Sixteen yardi from where lu» body was found lay a portion of iis skull, the brains being scattered over the nils. Seu this was a bottle containing beer. It ii supposed that the unfortunate man was tho wowe for drink. _ 'It Never Rams but it Pours — The following story is related by the Ballarat dorreipondtnt: ,of tho Plettsant Ortilc Newt : — -? About eighteen months ago, a resident of thi* district, who boasted, and I believe, truthfully, of the fact of the ? blue blood of an old family couriing, through his veins, married, and left, to lettleelsowhere. At the tirao the ceremony wag ; performed the gentleman in question attracted J fust that small amount of notice usually accorded by the world to one who r metimes can afford threepenny worth of beer for his Sunday's dinner, ' but more' frequently cannot. However, a few friends did assemble, together, and wish all hap piness to the newly wedded pair, who shortly slipped away from .; us unperceiyed, and not missed. When I state that the wife (a stranger hereabouts) was as poor and unknown as the man ib» knelt beside at the altar, 1 shall hare 'laid all that need be said; concerning a marriage of which few were aware, and about which as many cared. Hard work in another colony was to the couple the only reward that seemed likely to mark the fulfilment of a long and affectionate engagement. Neither had to their knowledge ? kith, or kin on the face of tho earth, so placed 1 strong reliance in-each other when they plighted their troth. Now mark what the whirlgig of time brought about. In April last, tho husband Ttas ' wanted,' not by the police, but by a firm of solicitors, who then placed him in possession of some riverside property in London, the rent- roll of which means a little over £13,000, annually. 'H« had kin, but so far removed as to be quite unknown to him. The mail which reached last .told of further. favours in store for the fortunato couple. The wife^had succeeded, not to a title, but to what is better, '£31,030, bequeathed to her by hor natural brother, of whose existence she was doubtful, and of whoso whereabonts and (si events have proved) riches she had not the ghost of an idea.' Shocking Death. — It is our unpleasant duty this week to record the sudden and shock ing death of Michael Koaly, of Taylor's Beef, ' Ttigai, which happened under the following circumstancBs. Deceased, who was well and favorably known in the district for many years back, was last seen alive by Mr. John Wilson, of Darky Flat.'about five o'clock on the evening of the 3rd instant, driving a horse and cart along the road from Warwick to Taylor's Beef. On the following morning, about seven o'clock, he wssfound underthe cart, and quite dead. Thecart lad been upset, and, strange to say, neither the horse that was in harness nor the saddle horse that was tied to the cart previous to the upset, seemed. to have madu any effort to get away. ~v ' '?boC'JL'r,T'T'''j In «jvxopinioH, still more Barque Lady Hincks. rate pAPTAIN J. GOODRICH will not bo rospomey \J able for any debts that may be contracted bnse inTOtlufl orew while in this port without his writ the lea authority. . K. B. WALLACE, ^ ? Agent, o' Barque Lizzie Iredale. ifeci^ ySUlX JOHN DAWSON will not be re«poniowj. J nble for debts contracted by any of his cro* , Hue in this pert without his written nuthority ! sIlc J. C. ELLIS, \™? ? - Agent. xpe oi erery iwaas u» ' u^ca^-ffgj -.ir-.--. . I ?-/ sepulture should .have been so long delayed in this case P Was it because a couple of guineas . lad mileage must be paid to a police magistrate and 'doctor? If so, the practice is a barbarous one, that loudly calls for reform. A couple of guineas and mileage, and for what ? Why, for arriving at a conclusion that a mere glance at the surroundings wonld have enabled any farmer in the neighbourhood to arrive at without doubt or difficulty. — Queetulander. 