1 . .. , : . . CRICKET. "". '. " . ll.'1' CosTiíMri ORicKEi'MArcH."" ? -'-?\;v-\ ?'.'.ii J THE Aloen ureuwi, tnas most popular pwoe 01 amnse 1 ment, was on Saturday tho scono of a grand costume ;, erioket match by members of tbs Dramatic, Musical . and Variety professions, prominent amongst whom, os I head centres, were Messrs. E. Holloway, £. M'Gowan, B. N. Jones, Dorry O'Neill, J. H. Rainford, and others, the object being to raiso some money for tho . benefit of the sufforors by the late "Windsor fire, and, " of tho widow and orphans of tho lato Cornelius word, ., ' , ' . actor. There was a fair attendance of spectators, , considering that the morning had not boen very assuring: in the matter of weather ; but thoso who went enjoyod themselves well, and ' the cool atmosphere was any amount better than 'heat - and broiling sim would have been. Tho ; theatrical characters represented wore : ' Lord / Dun- \ dreary, Mr. li. N. Janos ; Ghost of Hamlet's Father, Mr. ltainford ; Cupid, Mr. E. S. Holloway j.Gannyrocde, Mr. H. Simmons; Ephraim Fox, Mr. Barry O'Noill; Horatio, Mr. J. J. AVolah; Harlequin, Mr. J. Alexander; Hamlet, Mr. Henry Burton ; Lcmuol, Mr. E. Bj an; 1 Touchstone, Mr. James South ; Paul Pry, Mr. L. M'Gowan ; William Hatley, Mr. "W. J. Wilson ; That Heathen Chiaoe, Mr. Dan Briggs ; Tho Wolf, Mr. W. Ryan; Pantaloon, Mr. J. Tolano; Sprite,Mr. C.Mar- tin ; Sir Colin Campboll, Mr. J. Haskor ; Handsome) Tage. Mr. T. Margóte ; Ratty Joe, Mr. J. Martin; Member of tho Hallelujah Band, Mr. Frank Lloyd ; Bacchus," Mr. T. Belfield; tho Old Member, Mr. AV. Dlnd; Tho Lntost Out, Mr. E. D. Bavios; anti these played on amusing gamo of cricket, in which no account of the seoras wa* kept, and ouch »lay er, on going in to bat, had tho privilege of choosing his own howler. The greatest fun was made by the policemen, personated by Messrs. C. Brown and J. lt. M'Guire, who performed thoir ofllco of removing players from the wiokots with no small amount of ~ . comicality, each player boing allowed only a certain time for hatting. Tho play ors lunched in the pavilion. Mr. Cripps hoing provedore, and Mr. J. II. Ramford caterer for liquids in tho pavilion bar. Tho uso of tho ground had been freely ijiven for tho occasion by > tho committee ; and wo ware glad to soo tho onorgctio hon. sec. of tho Albert Ground Company sufficiently rcoovered after his lato nocident to be croBent in a safety during port of the afternoon; It was Rood to seo BO many Knights .of " tho Sook and Buskin bunding together for so good nn object as tho ono these gentlemen'hail . in viow ; nnd wo aro quito siiro that, should similar ' need of nssistanco"again ocour, tho samo readiness to afford it will ho oxhibitod by our theatrical brothers, who aro nover backward in good works. When enoh player had had opportunity afforded him of displaying his cricketing ability, tho stumps were drawn, anti tho different oharaotera went to foot-racing on tho Hat, as well as ovor hurdles, tho different contests giving otn sidcrablo oniusomont-most of tho competitors run- ning post tho hurdles, instead ol' making any offer at jumping;. The JfiO yards handicap, with v which these sports wcro commenced^ waB won v . by " Ratty Joe . very easily, with a Policeman ; but, _ . as tho Fijian Prince natl not boon entered for tho race, ho was disqualified, and tho Bobby's representativo declared tho winner. For tho Champion Gold Cup, , V V Cupid should havo boon opposod by Baoohus, but tho placo of tho latter was filled by that Heathen Chinee ; " and Cupid, not using his wings sufficiently, just allowed - tho Mongolian" to ruuko a doad heat. Tho 100 Yards Flat Kaco turned out a good thing for the pantomimists, as it was won hy tho Clown, with Pantaloon second; and tho Clown also pHlled olf tho Hurdle Raco,- for which Sprite was second. Thc wbolo wound up with a great field starting for tho Compulsory Consolation . Stakos, wou by Pantaloon. 