IT IS A FACT. THE EDITOR OF THE WA1LAK00 TIMES. : SIR,:-It is a fact, which no one will deny, that there were precarious and troublesome times in Israel when good old Samuel was aroused from his grave, and appeared as he was, in fact, an old man covered with a mantle. In this case it seems to be thoroughly ,necessary that Samuel should appear visibly. Read the facts, Sir, for yourself. It is an old saying " that the dead know what the living do." I must tell you it is quite true, Sir! The precarious workings of one of my old haunts-the C 1 Chamber, and the oppo sition and difficulties caused by my old friend J (J have made me' to appear again in your compository. Not that J. C. has, like Saul, called me up. No! his is a different case. I' rise to speak against injustice and to rejoice with the conquering hero. It appears that the C--1 persisted in their injustice (against which I declaimed some time ago) that no goods or chattels, &c.;, should be hung outside of shops. My friend J, C., who was too wise to err in this matter, and too independent to knuckle down, only Iaughe'I, and did it again, wliile one niajj 'grinned at the flying pockethandker c-liief or a piece of ribbon, and took his lunar observation from the same old -corner to see if any materials were blowing over the foot path. Finding it so, he did really spend the public money in obtaining a summons for the criminal. Bless you " Bow, wow, wow," a little dog barked at the flying ribbon: But was that any reason the footpath was ob structed because a gentleman's spaniel stop't and barked at it, and the owner step't on its (own) tail. Whatever the reason was, my poor friend C. was summoned to C 1 for the said crime. Everybody was interested, especially every tradesman, * to know if Eadina were to be like or unlike other towns in that respect. The subject was in every body's mouth in Kadina. It was laughable and'jolly to sec the plaintiffs strutting down G s street to the place of rendezvous. At last T. CI k, C n, v. J. CI k, called. In this case the principal witness thought better to lawyer his owu case, and putting his Eyes to front with brother I, tried to prove the fact of the ribbon blowing over too far. This is about the whole of the case. But it is..laughable that the complainants thought J. C. was going to plead guilty and the C n would pocket a nice fiue. How foolish I he was guilty of nothing wrong, and therefore should tell the truth, and as truth and justice will have its Tight, so had J. C. the judgment of the C 1 that he was not obstructing the footpath. I was highly amused, and in fact everybody was amused at the manner the defendant walked away from the place with his head down and his coat tail between bis legs, not so much at his having his head down, because he always walks like that, and never looks you in the j face, but they saw him dejected, and cast down and his vigour had left him. He grew worse last Saturday, especially when my my friend dressed his windows more than ever. With coats, &c.;, instead of ribbons. Some suppose that the G n will make a dash next time and declare nothing is to be placed outside at>all lest it should encourage theft and thereby necessitate extra expendi ture for a constable. Almost every one complains of increased assessment this year. They want to know what it is for. Some rents bave gone down and property is not more valuable. I ha%e seen some of my friends call at tbs office to appeal against them, but the T. C k has been away very often between the hours of 10 and 4. Some of thein have thought that he is intentionally staying away till the 14 days are up. Are these the things my frieuds have to suffer from witty and interested chiefs ?, I bopc they will change before lime changes them. As Sir, my flight is hasty I cannot stay much longer, but I intended to have touched on some other public matters affecting the tender feelings of my friends. I mray another time eularge on one. It is this, they would like to have in Kadina, as there are at many places, funer al societies formed purposely to reduce the unnecessary expenditure at any of their de partures. I have known many of my friends have not liked to complain of high funeral charges, lest others might accuse them of parsiinoniousness. They would willingly bear any temporal mortification and loss than be accused of stingy feelings at such solemn times. I haye been pleased to note in my Rights in some towns that general etiquette is nicely observed with small expenditure by some wealthy families. I hope my friendo will carry my views into practice, and not waste extra, needless expense at any more of their relations' obsequies. They did it to and for me I know but of love, but it displeased me. It will be highly pleasing to see a proper reform in Kadina, &c.;, to some one's WALKING GHOST. Kadina, Feb. 25. 