IKISH ORATORS AND SCOTCH REVIEWERS. {Irishman.) Father Burke was invited to deliver a lecture in Glasgow; he consented, and, being ' Irishman, he selected an Irish historical subject on which to base his discourse. He treated it in his banal manner, not forgetting to mingle a strain of humour with bis graver passages. Whereupon, the Glasgow kll aebast at sucb treason to the Goddess of Pulnesn whom it adores, abuses him *ith the perfervid zealotry of an outraged ftjncompoop. How dared tins Hibernian inwder offer the Attic salt to Boeotian boors? Is it not written, "thou ehalt not set pearls before swine," and shall it be endured that a " frothy friar" should scatter jokes before Scotchmen ? We compassionate exceedingly our unforfortuoate contemporary, and hereby rebuke Father Bnrke for bis reckless and inconsiderate conduct. He should have known better. He ought to have remembered that n distinguished writer and moral physiologist has declared that it requires a surgical operation to net a joke imo a Scotchman's skull. Next time he crosses the roaring waters of Moyle, on an invitation to lecture in Scotland, let bitn take with him a doz«n or two surgical students from Dublin, and distribute them among the audience. Nothing else will enable tbe Scotchmen, of the News, to forgive Father Burke for the irritation of inoomprehended humour —that torture of Tantalus which he has inflicted on them. They are not as the Jews, nor as tbe Christians—if you tickle them, ihey do rot laugh, unless you tiokle them with—the trephine.- Let us quote some passages from onr Goihamite contemporary; though dull, they will amuse, for the dullard becomes unconsciously comical when he assumes the critic's nod and tries to snuffle intel'eot and to ttazzie wit. The Glasgow writer observes : " Having thus drawn upoD his imagination lor his facts, Father Burke proceeded to ransack his memory for his figures. He found fault witb Mr. Fronde for insulting Catholic Irishmen of the present day by throwing out the speculation that the original denizens of Ireland were " savages." Well, had Mr. Fronde not been quite so particular in his chronology, we should have agreed all the more with him. Father Burke most be hard pushed to invent insults to " the Gatholia faith of Ireland " when he finds fault with tbe historian's conception of the heathendom which pre existed. In this country we are quite accustomed to consider our original ancestors as savages who " lived Jn tbe holes of the earth " without construing that fact into an insult to our religious belief" , Omitting the reference to religious differences, with which we have nothing here to io, let us briefly examine this passage. Father Burke is said to " ransack his memory for his figures"—and the writer finds an fumple of this process in the faet that tbe Irishman criticised Mr. Fronde I To describe criticism as " a figure" is to reveal that the Nates obtains its contributions from " literates "—and from literates of Glasgow! Si much for the Scotch critic's learning. Now for his morality. He observes that " had Mr. Froudp not been quite so particular ia his chronology" he " shou'd have been all the more inclined to Agree with him." In other terms, had Mr. Fronde been more unscrupulous in his chronology—had he played feat and loose with the dates of history— this Scotch moralist would have been better pleased, and would have "more agreed" with him f After this candid confession of criminal inclinations, we are not surprised that he is displeased and cannot agree »ith a more faithful expositor of history. Finally, as to his race. This Glaswegian Soot appears, by bis own jiceountVlo h&^hadJsMjfctfcafcamWBlon-^hosewbicb were " oritfo^*il 41mm Scotch eriucfoti*tt4b«t J** ^original ancestors" Gfacotisaroen wwe^wnwes who 1 ved in the boleg ftrjhi auih" J We eofe" Cede tbe point, merely remarking that the original ancestors of Irishmen were Adam Onr Scotch censor is welcome to an historical statement which he can endorse " without construing that faet into an insult" to bis religious belief. How he could confine an agreeable fact into an insult is more than he lias explained—it would be equally difficult to explain how bi« feligioug belief be reconciled with Scripture, However, »e grant that the Glasgow editor c^n p o- asee personal evidence in support of his assertion; let him come into court, with this article in his hand, and we guarantee that jury of civilised men will agree that he has still a good deal of hie "original an- Carton" about him. Bat we shall not allow tbe bashfulness of <®r censor to conceal the faot that those tooeators of his who were not" original" uve similar claims upon our consideration, when he rebukes Irishmen for resisting vppreasion, and declares that evicted Scotch •wants never had the spirit of a worm to »tn on the heel which trod tb«m oat, wiy he not enforce the lesson by shoving that "Wind could proudly boast of producing he last serfs and slaves in these islands 1 n the year 1775, the preamble of an Act of Parliament recited that, " by theStatute Law of Scotland, at explained by the judge* of the courts of law there, many colliers, and coalr bearers, and suiters, are in a state of slavery or bondage, bound to the collieries or saltworks, where they work for life, transferable ith the tollieriet and salt-worksAlmost a quarter ol a century later, another Aat of Parliament recited, in 1779, that "many colliers and coal-bearers still continue in a state of bondage" in Scotland. Hugh Miller believes that these men bad been manufactured into slaves by " comparatively modern Acts of the Scottish Parliament, and decisions of tbe Court of Session." Thus, at a period when Ireland was ftttraoting the admiration of men of intellect by her gallant advocacy of freedom, when flashed the wit of Sheridan, when the oratory of Burke reverberated over the world, when Grattan stood sublime, the Demosthenes ol a brilliant era—when the young Republic of America appealed, with confidence, to the sympathy of onr venerated Senate — then, even then! Scotchmen were fettering Scotchmen, and obliterating tbe image of their Creator from their darkened souls, witb the rod of the taskmaster and tbe scourge of the slave-driver! So ingrained does the spirit of slavery seem to have been in the Scotch nature, that it strongly resisted the progress of time and civilisation. The geologist whom we have quoted (and who died but a few years ago) himself saw and conversed with Sootoh fjltlV68» " All the older men of that village, though situated little more than four miles from. Edinburgh, had been born tlaves," writes HuRh Miller (in " My Schools and Schoolmasters"). He adds: "Nay, eighteen years later, iu 1842, when Parliament issued a Commission to" inquire into the nature and results of female labour in the coal-pits of Scotland, there was a collier still livinz, that had never been twenty miles from the Scottish capital, who conld state to the Commissioners that both hit father and grandfather had been slaves—and that he had wrought for years in a pit, in the neighbourhood of Musselburgh, ere the cottiers got their freedom." Thus at a time when the great Irishman, O'Connell, had been declared " the Apostle of Civil an>i Religious Liberty all over the World"—when tbe negro slaves a thousand leagues away revered his name, and slaveholders quivered at bis rebuke, there were Scotch slaves and Scotch slave-owners plying their trade bard by the very capital of Scotland I " I regard it as one of tbe most singular circumstances of my life," writes Miller, " that I should have conversed with Scotchmen who had been born slaves." Nay, the slave Scotchwomen bore, like the men, and even more than they, tbe signs and tokens of degraded slavery. " How thoroughly, even at this time," he exclaimB, " were they characterised by the slave nature I " Thay were marked by a peculiar type of mouth—"it was wide, open, thick-lipped, projecting equally above and below, and exactly resembled that which ice fiid in the prints given of SAVAGES, in their lowest and most degraded state.'" Now, who shall wonder when a Glasgow Editor declares that " in this country (Scotland) we are quite accustomed to consider onr original ancestors as savages who lived in the holes of the earth." Quite accustomed! We Bhoald say so. But be should not ignore his recent ancestors; and he ought to make allowances for Irishmen, whose souls prefer death to slavery, and wbose remote ancestors were " quite accustomed" to in<port as their slaves tbe fortunate children of the " Anglo Saxons'-* of Britain. It is too much to expect tbat a mere Glasgow editor should know tbat the Protestant tenantry of Ulster were among,tbe first to revolt against landlordism, and to form secret agrarian societies, such as the " Hearts of Oak." But it might be tupposed tbat a Scotchman who ventured to write would bave read in Blackwood's (Scotch) Magazine tbat the " agrarian communism of Ulster" seems to it more odious than the Home Bule movement—and it might be imagined that a " literary" Scotchman, before daring to dissect Irish soojety, w.jnld bare referred to Forbes' " Memoranda in Ireland," which so utterly confutes his arguments, and reduces bis conclusions to the-absurd. -- ttMh^ssWurtgees** St^^afe&^ittap^ Scotofaman OTt of Scb^an/lr pr. aBy inMUg*at fttod faonoiyifelB t!fo6t*|aBi& In 'Se^laM, Would venture to EoasVlike this Glaswegian editor of Scotland, having enjoyed " a reasonable religion which does not encourage murder." Tbe memory of the fierce condemnation of the historian Buckle would strike them dumb, and before tbe mirror of their minds would arise the gory spectres of slaughtered GameronianB, confronted by tbe " blood-boltered" ghost of Archbishop Sharp, whose twentytwo gaping wounds—all inflicted before tbe eyes of a shrieking daughter—cry to heaven in witness of that " reasonable" Scotch religious spirit "whioh does not 'encourage mnrder 1" Glaverbouse, witb bis pitiless sabre, Balfour of Burleigh, witb bis red, reeking dagger, tbese are the gods of bis worship 1 The flood of human blood abed on tbe en-~ Sanguined fields' in the profaned name of religion, by Prelatist and by Covenanter, this is tbe acceptable sacrifice to the divinity adored by tbe savage offspring of savage fathers. Despicable is his eyes are those sainted Irish sages, wbo fed tbe lamp, of learning before the Cross -of Christ, bnt wbo forbore to Imbrue their bands in tbe blood of man. " Father Burke and bis fellow-countrymen an-welcome," he sneers, " to their socalled Irish Mints." TOnt! evw to Out Columba, who braved the stormy northern seas and the greatest terrors ot a pagan land, to become the Apostle of Scotland, and tesoh it the precepts of Christian knowledge and the .principles of civilisation? "Where is the man," exclaimed Dr. Johnson, "who 'would not feel his patriotism quickened on tbe plains of Marathon, and his piety made more profound amid the sacred ruins of lona?" Behold, that man now lives, and let him boast of an existence the baseness of which was inconceivable to the greatest thinker of bis age. That bis foul assault upon our country and its people should be loathsome to educated Scotchmen, we can well conceive. 'For.this native land of ours, the "Greater Scotland'' of oid time, was tbe fertile mother of the better part of that Lesser Scotland beyond tbe wave. Chiefs and kings, and religion— these did our noble island give her, with letters, music, and the ennobling arts of peace. Her heroes of old, her proudest nobles and ber ruling sovereign, alike trace their origin back to InniBfaiL Tbe spouse of the Pict (says Venerable Bede, the Anglo-Saxon historian) inherited tbe sceptre, because her Mood was Irish. And the religion whioh Ireland gave, though reviled now, prevailed '.when Wallace arose to save tbe stricken country, and when Robert the Brace strove and conquered in tbe cause of Scotland's independence. These are the heroes of your history, and before yon deride the faith they held, at leaBt cast down their statues. Cast them down; and in their stead raise tip a monument to that ignoble army which sold a Scotch king at Newark to his slayers, and erect a memorial to tbat Scottish Legislature whioh vended, at Edinburgh, the hard-won independence of their country for a bribe of Judao- gold. When that has been done, degenerate and ungrateful Scot, we shall acknowledge the consistency of your conduct, and we shall hearken wben you scoff at Ireland's poverty when compared with the riches of her despoilers. Nay, we furnish you witb a text— yon shall preaoh from the words, recorded in Soripture, of your master in the art of railing : " Ati these things will I give, if you fall down and worship ME." 