The second Love. (A Complete Tale.) "Isn't she lovely?" Tom Charlesworth spoke enthusias- <*> tically, with a vivid brightening of his dark gray eye and a singular softness to his voice. His was n nature not often stirred, lint very deep and earnest - and Fcrnand Wallace looktd into his face and wondered, with a half smile, how it ?would seem, to fet-1 things below the mere surface depth. lie wns very handsome, tliis Femnnd Wallace, with soft treachero-as eyes, features like the Apollo Belvitlere, .aud a. In to-sweet voice j and Tom. Charles wortli, who read every one according to' the keynote of his owjr noble nature, loved him as-'if they had been brothers. ",-""? She's, well enough," .said Wallace, debonairly. just a trifle too short, and this lips too Full,, but other wise what the world calls beaatifuL So you're hard hit, my boy, ch?"* - " 1 love ber dearly," said Tom; in the \- iptiet, iniinipassioiied voice that meant so much; " a?d> God, willing, I will be n. good husband to her j and you'd.bet ter remain to he. iirj" Jiest nian. It's hardly worth while io return to Exeter for three -\\.ceks." , ~? ' M Well, perhaps, you're right, old fel low," said fernand Wallace; but any one!- a trifle more observant than Tom, would have noticed that the handsome, restless eyes evadedhis gaze with strange [ subtlety. " Do yon hear, Elisc ? " said Charles worth exultantly. " Feniaud will stay to the wedding. I knew wo should per suade him 1" Elise Mordannt looked suddenly np from the fancy work with which she was idling mechanically, mid something wild and piteoro in her gaze attracted even Tom Cliarle- swortli'y attention. " Elise, darling, are you ill ?" Ho was at licr side in nn instant, with both her hands in his. Elisc laughed, * a little hysterically. Sho was a dark-eyed, brilliant little brunette, 'with blue-black silky Imir growing low on her forehead, and a small sensitive, mouth like a crimson woodlicrry. "!X'n—what nonsense, Tom; I'm well enough. Don't get any absurd notions in your head." Tlio night before the wedding was frosty and star-sprinkled, with a de licious air full of tho aroma of withered ferns " and fallen leaves.; and Tom Charlesworth strode over "the fields whistling as he went, his heart brimming with tlio strange sweet sense of bl/ss that most lovers havo felt once in a life time. ' The little room where Elise was wont to sit of an evening was dark, and the ... ~ 0 ~—, . window,, looking on a border of gay colonrcd dahlias, was open. , Tom leaned liis. elbows on the casement, and looked in. "Eliso—darling!"_ Bnt there was no answer. Elise was not there, He went round to the orthodox en trance, feeling a little disappointed, he scarcely knew 'why.. Mrs. Mordaunt 'met hint in the hall, with a white, scared A face. . , .. " j" " " Oh, Mr. Charleswortii I we were ju-"t going to send Jor yon I" she cried. ?' To send for me !" Tom frit himself \- blanched to the roots 'of his hair, 'f What li.-id happened? Is—is Elise ill!" " * ".Mrs. Mordaimt's lips trembled, but gave forth no sound, as she placed in Chiirlcsworth's hands a note stained ' with-her own tears—a brief note written by El iso t — , ".Don't -blamo me, mamma, nor let ?him. bl mo )ne, hecause £ couldn't help loving Fernaiid the best. Tell him. not to fee.! bad; for indeed, indeed, I was, \- not worthy of his- love, and ho will be happier without mc—poor Tom 1" -? And-it was signed by the one word, " "-Elisse." . , . \- .. Clmrlesworth quietly gave* her bock ' tlio -ot*>, and parting, walked forth into "th? stevrry. silence of the - night. No \- eyas bnt those' of tho All-seeing should . witness, the secret anguish ofliuv heart J " Mother thought you would come, . sir, if—ir yon knew how poor she was, , ""that father was dead, and—r—" A burst of tears checked tho child's"] 'voice as she stood with a drooping head, ' and hands tightly clasped together, in Mr."Clmrlcsworth*s library, the snow inciting on her garments, and the crim son touch of the cold winter air glowing feverishly on her check. ? - ' " But, my child," —and he looked at her with a puzzled face, —" yon have not yet told mo who your mother is, nor who you are." "I nm Maignret, and momma is cnHed Eiiso Wallace." , , Mr. Charlcsworth rose, and took the little child's hand in Ids'. " Come, child, take me to your lionie," wasvall that Tie sard. It tea* Elise—pale, sallow; and wan, the ghost of her former self, her voice interrupted by a hackinj- cough, her hands transparent, and fever hot-—but Helen still. _ -- - ?-„... "Yon have forgiven mo Tour?,.. 'Oh, TYiit, [ ?.,il'.l not have, died without your ?curd* or pard'on I* ?' - i i '' I forgave you freely TJiinf, le-.ii j : "O I" " , ?' 1 have expiated my fully the bitterest altar of rcpcuUmce. <Uh. Tom. j he was a" fiend in liuinau -shape-1" -ss,e 1 added sdmdd<*ringly ;' " but aw— ? i She,- inntely iraotioaievl .towaru* tiie j scantily furnished room, the dyixi-j fire j in. the, grate, aud the t-lrild -who -sioorl 1 shivering in her rags —1 thex foot of the [ bed. : ;, ~, - - - . -- t ,?lt u ik wot for xnyself,**: eli* tr_ltret?-t. | f Heaven" knows I" lusTe not toag to ], '"-' f T i -r, onrrT'<?rt. .juitretf to it; fen* ray j poor little Margaret, what is *o become | ? ofher-T* - '? '*' P?r Year onsfu?"' " , ?"For iny' d-jh,'* leua attsTs-ered ; "quietly. a I hare neither -rricf-Si "oof-* cliiht; and Car, the safer of what, yon ouccwere to me, I will love: tho child, and be kind to her.". Elise drew a' Jong sigh of ineffable relief, -tot her fevered Jragers: closed on ; Charlesworth's palm. " I can dio in peace noTjr." ' When the'sotls: Jiad been laid upon poor Elise's coffin, Margaret came to Dr. luxurious home, a . shy, timid, shrinking child, with big, hare-like eyes, brown skin, and a ner vous way of starting when any one jtpoke "to her. ?* Margaret," said he, stroking; ilie jetty hair, " what shall I do with yon ?" " I should Tike to go to ?school/' said she wistfully, " and learn to "be like. : other girls. Papa always spent all tho money, and' mamma never could send rue.** "WelT,"- said Mr. Charlesn-orth. " that's a, very sensible- idea of yours, da . you. know, little girl? To school you shall go.'" Three years afterwards, Margaret came buck, royally beautiful as. Cleo pa,tra, 3lr. Chartesworth bad sent a little brown, girl to school, and, tain's , surprise, a radiant butterfly floated into i his presence, - > "My little girt,"" he said, "fairly i confounded- and taken, by Bttrpriuti; > " how lovely yoir are I**, ' "Am'lf' said she demurely. "X ant so glad I" " Little vanity I" ,? - ,' , " No," said, Margaret, "X " ?3on'fc . tliink it is altogether yanityj bat yon ' know J wanted you to love we." " Yon're a foolish child/* jsaid Mr. Charleswortli a little sharply, "and you've no Idea of what yoir are sayi- ng.** Margaret wondered what she had said to aimoy her guardian, bnt lot the- , matter drop; and "the weeks and months went by, and Hie young girl became the very light and sunshiuo of Tom's life. ' " Margaret," said Mr. Charleworth one evening,' " I have found a htisTband for yon ; what do you say 7" "That I will take him, sir, if lie-h*. the right ontt 1" laughed the girl. Tom felt a keen, strange pang atjiis heart, bnt he kept a bravo countenance. "Well, it is -Harry Montagac," lte- said, striving to speak cheerily. " Tell him, no /" " Yon don't like him?" " "So, Mr. Charlesworth."_. " lint he is yonng and handsome.*' "? And the man I love is not jonrrg, and not particularly handsome." " Margaret, arc you, in love ?" " Ye--*-, Mr. Charlesworth," slto said, [ a little saucily, " and so are you," 1 He winced. ** You, havo 310 right, ? Margaret, to look into tho sanctuary of I my heart." I She came np to him, and putting both her hands on his shoulders, gazed -vrith half-smiting, half-tearful eyes ioto his face. ? " Bnt suppose, Mr. Cliarlcsworth, I look into my heart, and see jours en throned and cnsliadowcd Uiere 2" " What do you mean, Margaret ?" " All I you are not so accomplished a dissembler as yon niay suppose, sir," said the girl, nodding archly. " I havo discovered that yon lore me, bat you are too modest to fancy, until I tell yon so, that " " That what, Margaret ?" Pale and eager, he listened for. the answer. " That I lore yon t Oh, Mr. Charles worth, my motlicr's treachery blighted your youth ; let my love and affection atone, in tliis, the golden prime of your days 1" Mr. Charleswortli felt like ono in a dream. " Margaret, aro yon to be my wife 1" " If you will havo me !'* And thus Fcrnand Wallace's, child gave back to Mr. Clmrlesworth the gift of love which her father's hand liad ruthlessly plnckcd from his grasp twenty years before. 