MODERN OBJECTIONS TO CHRISTIANITY. Tub following lecture was delivered in the Masonic Hall, York-street, on Tuesday evening last, by the Rev. William Curnow. There was a veiy large audience, thfe hall and the gallery being well filled. The chair was taken by Professor Smith, and oil the platform wore the Rev. Dr. Barry, Rev. J. Barnier, Rev. W. Gardiner, Rev. C. Olden, Rev. A. Gardiner, Rev. D. Allen, Rev. R. Sellors, Dr. Mofiitt, and The proceedings were commenced with praise and prayer. The lecture was the first of a series to be delivered in con nection with the Young Men's Christian Association, at intervals, before the end of the year. The rev. Lecturer said : I propose to consider some of the objections which are now urged against Christianity. In doing this I have no prejudices to defend and no party to attack. My object, so far as I know it, is to contribute my quota towards the establishment of truth, and I claim to be ready to welcome the truth wherever I find it. I am not here, however, as an apologist for Christianity. I suppose we are most of us prepared to say of Christianity what George III. said of the Bible — namely, that it wants no apology. I am afraid I must own that I am a pressed man, and not a volunteer. I certainly should not have consented to appear here to-night had I not been repeatedly urged to do so by the young men of this society ; but now that I am here I alone must be held responsible for what I have to say. Next to tho importance of under standing what Christianity is in itself, is that of under standing what it appears to be to the living world of to-day. Intellectual and moral diseases, like physical diseases, while reproducing themselves from age to age, are ever producing phases and types which are peculiar to the age in which they appear. One of our first concerns is to find what these types are. The first business of a general is to correctly calculate the forces of the enemy. If Napoleon the Third had taken a corrector view of Germany from the Tuileries, he pro bably would not have fallen a victim at Sedan. The first business of a physician is to understand what is the matter with his patient. It is not enough for a doctor to understand the general types of diseases : he must also understand the particular forms of disease which trouble the living men of this generation. I remark, then, that if human nature wants Christianity, a large amount of it is quite uncon- cious of it, and that one of the symptoms of man's moral disease is a determined dislike to the medicine. I would not overstate that dislike, or so state it as to convey either that the heart of Christendom is unsound to Christ, or that Christianity is not making headway in tho world. I believe otherwise. But I believe also that often it is making headway where we think it is not making head- way, and that it is not making headway where we think it is. In our exaltation of the power of truth we are apt to under-estimate the power and prevalence of error. One of the weaknesses of the Church is that too often it is oblivious of what is in the world. A few months ago I heard a fluent preacher in the heart of London enlarging in an almost empty church on the power of Christianity to move mankind. It would be well if we asked from the standpoint of the every-day world — To what, extent is Christianity moving mankind here, and how ? A recent writer, and a clergyman too, has the courage to say that it is extremely doubtful whether as a real belief in the world Christianity will last another half century. There is an impression in some quarters that except among weak women and weaker men Christianity in any earnest form is an exploded delusion. If, for example, you refer to certain books of the Bible, there are men who will say to you with a certain air of astonishment and pity, " You do not believe such things, do you ?" In certain circles this kind of talk is much the fashion at present. Not only do many men decline to believe for themselves, but they take the liberty of denying that those who profess to believe believe sincerely. The state of things dreamed of by the poet appears to be the state of things dreamed of by many other people — I dreamed a dream, last Christmas eve, Of a people whose God was make believe. A dream of an old faith shrunk to a guess, And a Christian Church, and people, and Press Who believed they believed it, more or less. From my point of view it is about as sensible to doubt whether as a real belief the sun will be another half a cen- tury in the heavens as to doubt whether as a real belief Christianity will be another half century on the earth. At the same time we may assume far too readily that objec- tions against Christianity are so few, or so absurd, as to warrant no serious concern. There are forces of opinion and feeling in the world that are decidedly adverse to religion, and there is reason to fear that in some quarters they are not decreasing. The great mass of educated men and women in England, says Mr. Greg, are sincere if not very logical believers in Christianity; but the influence of scepticism is on the increase. Mr. Fowle, in his " Reconciliation of Religion and Science," remarks — I think, correctly — that arguments for Christianity which would have been admitted as final some years ago would not be so admitted now ; and, further, that the number of those who adopt an a priori conclusion against the Christian religion has increased. There are the objections of the schools and of the scholarly few ; but there are also the objections which pass from the upper ten thousand to the million. There are objectors who would attack the outposts and defend the citadel, and there are others who would demolish the outposts and the citadel together. In the last century, popular opposition to Christianity was ignorant and brutal, while sceptical oppo- sition was confined to a reading few. Now, through the popularising of newspapers, periodicals, and books of all sorts, all classes are becoming reading and thinking classes. Formerly, critical exceptions to religion were confined to the debating-room and the study; now, they are heard in the workshop and in the street. Formerly, a great deal of unbelief confined itself to tactics of defence ; now it has its propaganda. Formerly, scepticism was avowedly and proudly irreligious ; now, a great deal of antagonism to religion professes to be itself a religion. "Hume, Bolingbroke, and Gibbon," remarks Robert Hall, "addressed themselves solely to the more polished classes of the community, and would have thought their refined speculations debased by an attempt to enlist disciples from among the populace." Now the successors of Hume, Bolingbroke, and Gibbon address themselves to the polished and to the unpolished — to wise men and to fools. That is our first point, then, that among the million there are objections to Christianity that should attract the attention and move the sympathies of Christian men. What are these objections? One difficulty in answering this question is found in the fact that hostility to the Christian religion is often an influence which can be known, but which cannot be defined or detected. It floats in men's minds as particles of miasma float in the air, and as certain poisons enter their bodies. You know that they exist and that they kill, but you cannot get hold of them. Many men do not themselves know why they object to Christianity, or what their objection is, but they know that they do object. Another difficulty lies in the fact that many men will tell you what their objection to Christianity is, but they will not tell you what they mean by Christianity. Nothing is more common than for people to set up something which they call Christi anity, but which no Christian would recognize as his Christianity; and when they have demolished their interpre tation of our belief, they take the credit of having demolished that belief itself. But all controversy is worthless that is not fair, and that does not begin with premises accepted by both sides. I will lay before you a few forms of objection not unfamiliar to the reading public. I will first give some specimens of objections, and then point out how they may be classified. Foremost and noblest among recent objectors to Christianity is John Stuart Mill. Mill (who, as is well known, was carefully trained by a father who had some thing like a violent hatred of religion) had a strong tendency towards religious inquiry, and as strong an antipathy to religious belief. Mill not only looked at re ligion from the standpoint of science, but from the stand point of a science that disparages reason, and disputes the fact of a world of mind. Further, he entrusted the super- structure of Christianity to the accidents of a set of logical propositions. With such a method to start with, the won- der is, that Christianity fared so well at the hands of Mr. Mill. The best of poetry would, probably, get but scant justice from a hard-headed mathematician, schooled into a hatred of poetry and who held no other test of excellence than a set of mathematical problems. Mills's objection to the chief doctrines of Christianity was simply that they are unprovable. The Bible idea of God, Mill held, is inco- herent from a logical standpoint. Therefore, it must be given up. The order of nature, he said, is not kind but cruel, therefore, natural theology, or the theology built on natural observation, fails. The end of life, Mill held, is happiness ; the tendency of nature is towards unhappiness. Creation is a chaos, not a cosmos. Men live to mend nature. A providential government, therefore, cannot be rationally believed. Things knowable are things sensuous. The per- manent possibility of knowledge, therefore, rests on the per- manent possibility of sensation. Ideas are fictions. Rea- son cannot be evidence. An immortality not patent to a man's senses is simply an immortality of fancy. Any prospect beyond life is the cessation of life, not a life to come. But we want no prospect beyond, said Mr. Mill. The better this life, the less reason there is to trouble about another. The supernatural and the immortal may be realities, but to men they must be merely hopes. The value of the character of Christ is that it gives to men an ideal conception in con crete form, not that it fixes a standard of virtue, or fur nishes a historic basis of argument. The standard of right is utility; the judge of utility, conscience. Conscience is merely the mouthpiece of the aggregate experience of fhe race. Mr. Mill would not demolish Christianity " Let it stand," he says. The end of life is happiness. If the doctrines of Christianity make men happy, the end of life is reached that far. Towards the end of his life Mr. Mill ad mitted that the order of things bears evidence of a supreme intelligence that amounts to probability, although he con tended that the evidence, such as it is, is evidence of a being of no great power or benevolence. I shall say some- thing of Mr. Mill's natural theology farther on, but I remark here that if Mr. Mill rebukes those who flippantly dogmatise on many things on the side of a future life, he rebukes as strongly the men who more flippantly dogmatise against it. From a standpoint of logic only, I cannot see how, with the mass of beings there is, and with the few traces of annihilation there are, it is more rational to believe that men will cease to be, than that they will go on being. But, apart from that, there are men who have disposed of immortality. They are sure that there is no such thing. Mill was not sure. There may not be a future life, he said ; but there may be such a life ; and if there may be, surely Lord Byron was right when he said that the man who recognises that fact in the construction of the present life has, on the ground of philosophical speculation only, the best of the argument. English positivism is, as is well known, the offspring of French positivism. The religious philosophy of Mill was, for the most part, an English translation of the French original of Comte. In one way or another Comte is the presiding genius of a great deal of anti-Christian thought in England. Mill's objections were, however, negative. Comte's were, in more ways than one, very posi- tive. The religion of Comte is an apotheosis of humanity. The great Frenchman objected to Christianity because it degrades human nature by calling it bad, and especially because it degrades woman by calling her the origin of evil. The underlying principle of Comtism is that nothing can be proved by reason alone ; but instead of teaching the unknowableness of God, Comte taught a God and a Trinity, consisting, however, of Comte- Humanity and the method. What Mill has attempted in the department of intellectual philosophy, Huxley, Tyn- dall, and Spencer have attempted in the sphere of social and material philosophy. The spheres are different, but the objection of all these great men is the same, namely, that the supernatural is tho unknowable and the unneces- sary. Professor Tyndall has indeed intimated that in his graver moments he feels the want of a Theism of some sort, but he by no means intimates that that want has been supplied. Pro fessor Tyndall does not hesitate to speak with emphatic disrespect of the Theism of the Christian Scriptures. Herbert Spencer holds that the spiritual world is simply a creation of our physical surroundings. Professor Huxley does indeed repel the charge of materialism. He says that he cannot conceive the existence of matter apart from mind, but he probably means no more than that he cannot con ceive the existence of matter apart from his own mind. And he would also say that he cannot conceive the existence of mind apart from matter. Professor Huxley's ob jection to Christianity is founded not upon its superna turalism only, but upon its spiritualism also. It is an objection that applies not to Christianity as such, but to Christianity as a mental philosophy, and that subordin ates not matter to mind, but mind to matter. Professor Huxley is not sure of a world of mind, but he is sure of a world of matter. He does not want Christianity for the purposes of manhood; he can idealise a man without it. Professor Huxley's ideal man is a man whose body is the servant of his will, whose intellect is a clear cold-working engine, with a mind stored with a knowledge of Nature, who has learnt to love all beauty of Nature and Art, who hates all vileness, and loves and respects others as himself. We should have no objection to Huxley's ideal man, if we could only find him. To find such a man I am afraid we shall have to go to Jesus Christ. What writers like these have attempted in science, writers like Matthew Arnold have attempted in literature. Mr. Arnold's ob jection to Christianity is founded upon its dogmas. He proposes that we all take the Bible, but that we take it as literature, not as dogma. But what Mr. Arnold means in reality is just what every objector to dogma means — that is, that we take Christianity without our dogmas and with his. For in his attempt to take the literature without the dogma he brings to the literature some of the most startling dogmas ever invented. In the view of Mr. Arnold the world is to be saved neither by God nor by Christ, but by an inward and spiritual activity which has for its characteristics increased sweetness, increased light, increased life, increased sympathy. In the view of Buchner, a far bolder disciple of the school of culture, the whole duty of man is increased regard for the rights of others and for his own duty. The question that occurs to us is, what harm would be done to the school of culture if Christ and God were at the bottom of it, and what gain is secured by striking them out ? If writers like Mill and Huxley object that Christianity is not demonstrable by scientific methods, the more formidable ob jections of writers like Dr. Draper is that it is opposed to all scientific truth. Professor Huxley himself is so satisfied of this that he praises Roman Catholics for confessing that religion and science are irreconcilable, and condemns Pro testants because they do not either give up science or Christi anity. But in his book on the conflict of religion and science, which has been published in England as one of a standard series, Dr. Draper teaches that all that has been done in improving the intellect, in elevating the morals, and in better ing the condition of mankind, has been done by science. Between Christianity and science, he says, there has been a deadly enmity for 16 centuries. Even Mohammedanism approached science in an Alexandrian spirit of experiment, whereas Christianity has ever approached it in a Hellenic spirit of speculation. According to Dr. Draper, nothing has so opposed science, and therefore the best interests of men, as Christianity. Between these powers this author holds there can be no peace and no truce, and as science is bound to conquer, Christianity must, of course, go to the wall. So thinks Dr. Draper. A more serious, because more popular objection comes to us through a clergyman, and a canon too, in a book which has had a large circulation, and which is called " Modern Christianity, Civilized Heathenism." In this book, which consists mainly of an imaginary conversation between an English clergyman and a cultivated Hindoo, the Hindoo is made to show, and the clergyman is made to see, that heathenism has nearly all that is good in Christian England, and very little of what is objectionable. " The thing most remarkable in Christ's life," this author says, "was his asceticism, his opposition to the world, his hatred of human righteousness." "Christ's life," he says, "was a war against eating and drinking, against owning and earning money, against public opinion, and against common sense." " Almost every word Christ ever spoke," this writer says, " was opposed to common sense." "The only proof of a supernatural religion," he points out, " is the living supernatural lives." "But a supernatural life," ac cording to Canon Pullen, " is a life spent in poverty and abstinence, in weeping and pray- ing, going further from the world, and thinking of nothing but how to get out of hell and into heaven. In- stead of which Christians laugh, sing, and dance, and go to the play. Not only so ; they make money, and bishops rank with dukes and earls, and enjoy £15,000 a year." The inference is that Christianity is too high for human possi bilities. It commands what is contradictory, impossible, absurd. The present position of Christianity, this clergy man says, is hopelessly untenable. It can never be de fended by any man not personally interested in the perpetu ation of an unreality, or who does not for some reason deprecate inquiry into a system which will not bear the light of day. Without a moment's hesitation, and in reck less defiance of facts, this writer assumes that Christ came not to establish a higher law of righteousness on earth, that was to penetrate all systems, but to set up a new social and political economy, the only elements of which were to be asceticism, poverty, and other worldliness ; and no matter how pure, how true, how beneficent a man may be, if he has a salary, and is respected and not hated, he is a civilized heathen and not a Christian at all. And anybody who dis sents from all this is either a knave or a fool, a milksop or a hypocrite, a man who is too soft-headed or too wicked to know any better. Some time ago, in the Contemporary Review, Mr. Greg pointed out the incompatibility of Christianity with common life in much the same way. According to Mr. Greg, when Christ said that a man must "give his cloak to him who takes his coat," he was not laying down by figura tive speech the principle of giving kindness in return for unkindness, but he was prescribing a rule which re quires that if a man steals one of your garments you are to reward him by going and offering him another. This sort of objection is expanded in a recent volume of "Free Religious Essays," in which Mr. Frothingham, a leading Unitarian minister, says "that the teachings of the ' Sermon on the Mount ' are as irreconcilable with the principles on which modern society is based, as are the implications contained in the Thirty-nine Articles." Mr. Frothingham tells us that " it is the devout intelligence of modern times that is going to press its demands till every vestige of Christian theology is swept away." In this volume we are told that "the radical defect in Christianity is allegiance to Christ and in the spirit of servitude which this allegiance necessi tates." The flaw, in the otherwise noble career of Jesus, we are told, "was the personal exaltations of himself. Whilst Christ reigned by serving, Socrates served without reigning." These are the objections of professedly religious men ; but there are objectors, of whom Mr. Win wood Reade is a type, of a far less respectful kind. Tho history of human nature, according to this slashing author, has four parts. First came war, then the gloomy period of religion, then liberty, then intellect, which is perfection. Belief in God had its genesis, Mr. Reade teaches, in a fear of ghosts ; belief in immortality, in a fear of hell-fire. Religion is necessary in a rude time, but pernicious in the reign of culture. A good religion is a religion that is abreast with the culture of its devotees. The reli gion of Dahomey is good for Dahomey, because it corre sponds with the light of Dahomey; but Christianity is bad for Great Britain, because it does not correspond with the light of Great Britain. The Jesus of the Gospel, says Mr. Winwood Read with the utmost nonchalance, was a young man called Joshua, a carpenter, a leveller, a communist, a monk — that is all. He taught, says Mr. Reade, that every body who has money will go to everlasting pain — that earthly happiness is a gift of the Devil. The destruction of Christianity, according to Mr. Reade, is essential to civilization. Man cannot thrive till he has ceased to be- lieve in a personal God, and in the soul's immortality, from which, of course, we are to infer that people who have not believed in these things are the only people that have thriven. Whatever injures the intellect injures man, says Mr. Reade. Christianity does this, therefore it is the duty of every man who loves his race to arise and join in the work of sweeping Christianity away. In all this Mr. Reade was but the echo of Mr. Buckle, who held that the prosperity of a nation depends on its hostility to religion. Such are some forms of modern objection to Christianity. Classified, they amount to this : That Christianity is opposed to fact and to common sense. The question of fact I cannot touch here. I will, however, touch the question of common sense. The author of "Modern Christianity a Civilized Heathenism" says that Christ set common sense at defiance every time he spoke. If anything could be more startling than this, it is the author's announcement that Christ came to teach the necessity of asceticism, poverty, and other worldliness only. Is that true? I maintain that it is not true. The life of Christ itself teaches just the opposite. That life says that Christ came eating and drinking, for which reason he was called a gluttonous man and a wine-bibber. He went into the world, mixed freely with men, commenced his great works at a convivial gathering. In the prayer He taught His disciples, He instructed them to say, ' Thy will be done on earth as it is in Heaven ' The virtues he taught were eminently practical, working, every-day virtues, as that of forgiving injuries, of cultivating lowly-mindedness, of practising manly charity. Is the parable of the good Samaritan, in which Christ satirizes the eclectic bigotry of those who have no sympathy, no feeling for those who are not of their set, opposed to common sense? Is the parable of the prodigal son opposed to common sense? The opening words of Christ's greatest sermon are — ' Blessed are the poor in spirit ;' again, ' Blessed are the pure in heart ;' again, ' Blessed are the merciful ;' again, ' Blessed are the peacemakers ;' again, ' Blessed are they who hunger and thirst after righteousness.' Are these things opposed to common sense? If so, pray what is common sense ? I maintain that Christ never taught the blessedness of poverty as such, and that he never gave a moment's countenance to the doctrine that a man's only business here is to read the prayer-book, and to get out of hell and into heaven. Christ taught that we are to be right on both sides of our manhood, for both worlds, and not for one only. The author of the true history of Joshua Davidson assumes to know what sphere of life Christ would fill if he were to come on earth to-day. You can know nothing of the sort. Christ never came to alter the conditions of society. He came to do the will of God — to illustrate and to recommend a higher type of charity, of purity, of truthfulness, of manliness in every condition of society. He did not advise poverty, except as it was the means to something higher; never spoke against riches, except when it was made an instrument for sacrificing something that ought to be dearer than riches. I, too, would say that the proofs of a supernatural religion are supernatural lives ; but I deny that Christ ever taught the world at large, or his disciples at large, that the way to live a super natural life is the way of giving up your income, your family connections, your good name, and your place among mankind. A supernatural life is a life of truth, of purity, of honour, and of charity. That was the life Jesus taught as no man else ever taught it, and for this reason I hold that Christianity, as Christ taught it, is not opposed to common sense. The second objection is, that it is opposed to intellect. In his "Rocks Ahead," Mr. Greg tells us that not only in Spain, Italy, Belgium, and France, but in England, Christianity is at issue with the highest intellect of the nation.. There is a notion that is by no means strange, that clever men can scarcely be expected to be Christians now, and that the reason why a great many clever men are sceptical is, that they have too much brains to be anything else. Men are often classified by non- Christian writers as those who have faith and those who have intellect, as if the man who has faith gives evidence that he has no intellect, and the man who has intellect that he has no faith. The Christian is supposed to be a man who receives his ideas with unquestioning docility at the hands of other people. We have known many a youth who has affected any number of sceptical airs, affected to despise all Churches, parsons, and bibles, because he has had too many convolutions in his brain—too much intellect to do anything else. It is a cruelty to give youths such notions. A man is more likely not to be a Christian from having too little intellect than from having too much. It is not true that Christianity lays any embargo on the intellect of man. It is not true either that the ignorance of the world is on the side of Christianity, while the intellect of the world is against it. There is nothing in the New Testament inconsistent with the widest inquiry. It is true that there are many clever men who are poor Christians; but they are not poor Christians because they are clever men : many of them would be better Christians if they were more clever. A little learning, as Lord Bacon has it, leads to Atheism : a great deal often leads out of it. It is not a kindness to teach young men who are getting out of their teens that they have too much brains to be decent and godly. It is true that very many clever and learned men are not Christians; but it is quite as true that many clever and learned men are Christians. Shakspeare, Milton, and Faraday were all men of some intellect, but they all express themselves as simple believers in Christianity. There is no truth in the doctrine that faith is the antithesis of reason. The true faith of Christianity is a faith that is founded on reason. My observation has been that the faith that makes men true Christians makes them thinkers. Wherever Christianity has gained a footing it has proved a powerful stimulus to the speculative and critical faculties. During the last three hundred years Christianity has been one of the foremost- educators of the intellect of the world. Would you say that the difference between the Christian and the unchristian na tions of the world lies in the superiority of intellect which the latter has over the former, or would you take an average of the believers and unbelievers in our own community and say the latter are those who use their brains, and the former are those who do not? There are men who write as if man were an intellect and nothing else. But if he is an intellect, he is more than an intellect. It is true that much of the intel lect of the day is at issue with Chistianity, but that may be the fault of Christianity or the fault of the intellect. Whether it be the fault of the intellect or not, I hold that it is not the fault of Christianity. Closely allied to this is the objection that Christianity is necessarily stationary, while humanity is necessarily progressive. A recent writer says that faith is in its nature unchangeable, while science is in its nature progressive. A divine revelation, says Dr. Draper, must repudiate all improvement, and view with disdain that arising from the progressive intellectual de- velopment of man; the answer to which is, that divine revelation does not do anything of the kind, and therefore it is wrong to say that it must do it. It might be worth while to show what part of divine revelation repudiates human improvement, and what nation or people have ceased to advance by believing in Christianity, and also what nation or people or man who has rejected Christianity has been remarkable for advancement as the result of this. The facts of life are that when men and communities espouse Christianity they almost always begin to grow. And why not ? Why should science be progressive, and religion stationary? All true science must presuppose unchangeable postulates. All true progress must start from principles that are fixed. If the unchangeable principles of science accord with illimitable progress, why should the unchangeable principles of Christianity be against it ? The only limit to the progress of Christianity is the limit of truth. If the facts of Christianity are true, the only progress they can be opposed to is the progress of falsehood. As I read it, there is nothing in Christianity that is opposed to any possible demonstration of Science, or any possible progress of man. If there is no conceivable length to which Science cannot go, there is no conceivable length to which Christianity cannot follow it. And if amidst the possibilities of the future, Science should happen to get before Christianity, Science will be so conscious of having missed its best friend that it will have to stop till Christianity gets up to it. A commoner objection than any of these is the objection that Christianity is opposed to freedom of thought. There, is a sort of freedom of thought to which Christianity is opposed. There is a kind of freedom of thought in connection with religion and out of con- nection with it which the world can do very well without. I refer to the kind of freedom of thought which claims that it is the prerogative of any man to think and speak as he likes. I do not nesitate to say that that is a kind of free thought that is a curse to the world and a dis honour to its advocates. It is a kind of freedom that means liberty for a tyrant and an assassin, and a bondage to other people. It is the aim and the honour of modern science to put down all such freedom by searching for authorities and fixing data for assertion and belief. No man ought to be free to say what he likes. The libertinism that casts off all authority is not freedom of thought; it is monstrously wrong to hold that up as the right of any man. Intelligence and freedom are jewels, but there is an immensity of cant and Brummagem talked now about enlightenment, free thought, and all that. True freedom of thought is the freedom of every man to find out the truth for himself, and to stand by it; and of that freedom Christianity, as expounded in the New Testament, is the greatest promoter the world has ever seen. It is a mistake on the part of many Protestants to represent the Bible as a despotic authority. The Bible's own account of its function is that it gives light. I do not mean to say that the Bible is not an authority; but I do mean to say that to Christians it is an authority, chiefly in the way that the sun is an authority, and that is by giving sun- shine. In other words, the authority of Christianity is the authority of truth. It does not affect this to say that its truth has to be proved. To the great mass of Christians, at any rate, the authority of Christianity is the authority of truth. It is not so much the authority that makes the truth, as the truth that makes the authority. I do not believe in Christianity simply because it tells me I must, but because it ap- pears to me to be true. An authority of this sort, instead of being opposed to true freedom, is essential to it. I can- not see how there can be free-thinking in any other way. As a Christian I am ready to accept truth wherever I find it, and am as ready to find it, I hope, as any man. A true Christian, as I understand it, is a true free-thinker. He can claim the right of free speech, and he can accord the same right to others. As a Christian, I dare do all that does become a man ; Who dares do more is none. It is no argument against this to say that churches and professing Christians have been tyrants. So have other people been tyrants. So have professing free-thinkers been tyrants, and as in the Commune in Paris, to my certain knowledge, among the foremost tyrants in history. The question is not what professing Christians are opposed to, but what Christianity, as expounded in the New Testament, is opposed to, and I hold that Christianity is not opposed to freedom of thought. I hesitate to say that it has also been objected that Chris- tianity is opposed to morality, but this we know very well has been the case. It is held that it proclaims as truth what at best is but fiction; that it inculcates as necessary virtues things which are scarcely virtues at all ; and it is even said that men are not made better by being made Christians. A clergyman or a professer of religion is the most common of targets for novel writers and satirists. The assault for virtuous reasons has not only been carried into Churches, it has been carried into the Bible. I have seen it stated that the Christian teaching of justification by faith offers a premium on easy morality, in utter forgetfulness of the correlative teaching, in the New Testament, that there is no real justification by faith that does not justify itself by conduct. It was probably more than a slip of the tongue that made the Mayor of Melbourne promise the other day that none of the immoral parts of the Bible should be read in the Town Hall of that city. At a recent meeting in Mel- bourne, the morality of Shelley was selected as a specimen of that which men proposed to substitute for the morality of Christ and his Apostles. I shall say a word or two touching this further on. Meanwhile, I present these as a few of the forms of popular objections to Christianity. The question that follows is — What do these objections arise from ? An old divine would probably have cut the matter short by answering — From the wickedness of the human heart. And this is true so far as this — that, if there had been no wickedness in the human heart, there would have been no objection to Christianity in the world. But I do not think that the charge of wickedness is all that is ne cessary to account for scepticism. There are beliefs which, though not correct, are honest. Many of our beliefs come partly from inheritance and training. No man can fail to see how natural it was that, with the training he had, John Stuart Mill should reason as he did, as no one can fail to be struck with the high tone and moral sincerity that charac- terise his sceptical writings. I do not feel, therefore, that it is my business here to-night to brand every form of non-Chris- tian literature as infidel and immoral. It does, however, seem to me that there are forms of disbelief that are regardless of truth, manliness, and honour; that use no weapons but those of vituperation and ribaldry, and that furnish the strongest of all arguments for the beliefs which they as- sail. Mr. Winwood Reade has the courage to say that the God of the Old Testament is the Sultan of the Skies— a bandit and a murderer who delights in blood. That, if I mistake not, is a style of unbelief that is un- scrupulous and disgraceful. Even Hume does not hesitate to disparage all the moralities, if he does not question their utility, and deny their existence altogether. There are freethinkers, as I have had ample means of knowing, who never find themselves free to look at more than one side of a question. They, devour every sceptical book, and most religiously shun its answer. They revel in a ' Life of Christ' by Scott, Renan, or Strauss ; but scorn to look into de Presensée, Lange, or Farrar. They are horror- struck at the idea of entering a church, but they will go anywhere outside of a church. Such men remind us of the critics described by Churchill : — Through whim (our critics), or by envy led, They damn those authors whom they never read. Even Hume confessed at the close of his life that he had never read the New Testament through with attention. In Roman history there is an account of a man who was proscribed by one of the Roman Triumvirates, and who, to save his life, disguised himself by wearing a black patch on one eye. A good while after, when the danger was gone, he took off the patch, but the sight of the eye was gone. That man was a type of many a man who first resolves to see with one eye only, and then loses the capacity to see with two. He sees nothing in the Bible but the flaws in its human element., and nothing in an attack upon the Bible but an element that is divine. Such persons put the worst construction on the infirmities of professedly good men, and the best on the crimes of professedly bad ones ; indulge in the foulest and unlikeliest of scandals, if it is about a clergyman ; and go into any gutter for dirt to throw at a church. There are men who are not known to be specially faithful and honourable who would attack an angel of God if he should happen to appear in the flesh with a white cravat around his neek and a black coat upon his back. Some men dislike Christianity not because it is bad, but because it is too good ; not because it does not accord with the con- science, but because it does not accord with the passions ; not because it does not give freedom enough, but because it does not give license enough.. Can any man truthfully deny that there is an objection to Christianity that would cease if the men who urge it were better men ? If not, the old divine would not be far wrong in saying that there is an antagonism to religion that springs from the wickedness of mens hearts and lives. Another form of objection grows out of the habit of regarding Christianity as being identical with ecclesiastical institutions. Many writers (Buckle, for example) hold religion to be simply superstition, and, therefore, necessarily false and mischievous. By modern Christianity, Canon Pullen means the Established Church of England; by religion, Dr. Draper means the Ro man Catholic Church ; and by religion, many other people mean Methodism. We ought not to be surprised that these men use religion and churches as convertible words. Ecclesi astical writers constantly do the same thing ; but, as the world goes, it is not the right thing. I do not think that when Dr. Draper says that ' the Latin Church has always been opposed to science ' he does justice to that church. The breaking up of Roman society and the incoming of barbaric hordes without science or culture to fill its place, and the consequent night of ignorance and barbarianism that followed, were circumstances for which the Latin Church was not responsible. But suppose the case were otherwise, it would not follow that because a par ticular church proved itself opposed to science, religion is so opposed. For supposing that Dr. Draper is right when he says that two-thirds of the population of Europe are represented by Roman Catholics, there is the other third which, according to Dr. Draper's admission, are not opposed to science. The opposition of Roman ecclesiasticism to science, even if we suppose that, opposition to be true, is no more chargeable to Christianity than the cruelties of the French Commune are chargeable to democracy, or the in iquities of Queen Isabella to monarchy. If all the eccle siastical institutions in the world could be convicted of antagonism to enlightenment, it would be no argument against Christianity unless it could be shown that in this they represented Cnristianity itself, It surely cannot, be neceuuy to say that Christianity cannot be held responsi ble far everything which men do in tho name of Christianity. It ought not to be too much to ask men to distinguish be tween a religion and the dogmas which are imposed upon it other than which result from its development. This is just what men de not do in judging other things, and what they do when judging Christianity. No one credits medical science with the vagaries of a particular school of doctors. No one thinks that, because now and then a mer chant or a banker decamps with a few thousand pounds of other people's money in his pocket, bankers and mer chants as a class are thieves and rogues, and that banking and merchandise in general must be suspected. If out in the ocean some passenger is silly enough to jump overboard, no ? one would without evidence think of crediting the ship with his insanity and suicide ; and yet if some man in a church or any way near a church happens to perpetrate some folly, or to be suspected, however unjustly, of perpetrating some folly, scores of men who live in the glassiest of houses will begin to throw stones, and to cry, ' There goes Chris tianity!' Could anything be more unjust than that ? Moreover, it is the commonest of things to sec some theory of atonement, or of verbal inspiration, or original sin, or sacramental efficacy, set up, for the purposes of argument, as Christianity. Tens of thousands of Christians believe in the theory quite as little as the man who proposes to de molish it ; and yet the man who demolishes this particular theory, which in the form in which he puts it no Christian ever dreamed of holding, is said to have demolished Christianity. I know it is asked, how can people understand religion except from the specimens and interpretations of it from the lips of its teachers and tbe lives of its professors ? I answer, there is no objection to this method. But you have no right to take its worst specimens and interpretations, but its best. If you want to understand science, you do not go to a caricaturist, but to a savan. If you want to know what the laws of the country are, you do not go to a class of outlaws who are always breaking them, and say these are our laws. You go to the statute books, where our legal standards arc stored. And yet one of the ablest of anti Christian writers says, 'In judging of Christianity it is with the extremist that the impartial reader is concerned.' 'We reply, that in judging of religion from exceptionally bad specimens of it, or from exceptionally bad theories men have held about it, men adopt the course of those who have a cause of their own, and not the truth of God to serve.- I observe also, that modern objections to Christi anity have grown out of a modern reaction against ecclesi astical and theological intolerance. " The licenses of the en cyclopedists and revolutionists of the eighteenth century,' says Mr. Greg, "were the result of measures taken for the violent suppression of heresy two or three Generations before.' 'We must not overlook that it was not against re ligion, it was not against the New Testament prin cipally that Voltaire and Rousseau protested. These men quoted the morality of the New Testament, and defended themselves by appealing to it. I do not say that Voltaire and Rousseau were Christian teachers, but I think there is no denying that much that was bad in their teach- ing was provoked by ecclesiastical corruption and oppres sion. The responsibility for the popular disregard for Christianity is not all on one side by any means. Before churches proceed to an authoritative condemnation of in fidelity, it would not be amiss for them to ask whether they have not had something to do with making infidelity what it is. If outside ecclesiastical pales men have pursued inquiry by lawless methods, inside them, have not men been too frequently proscribed and persecuted for daring to inquire at all? Have we not successors of Jesus devoting their energies not in blessing men, but iu cursing them, and in calling down fire from Heaven on modern science and civilization. Has not the spirit of Anathema too frequently characterised our pulpits, and have not Huxley and Tyn dall and others been too frequently made targets by men who might more creditably have studied them, or left them alone? Have not believers, as well as unbelievers, resorted to weapons calculated to exasperate men, rather than to cure them ? I do not say that the men have not deserved all they have got. Neither do I advocate tbe handling of rough subjects with kid gloves, or advise that in fighting for the truth we emulate the renowned duellist whose boast was that he could send his rapier through a man with such exquisite skill that the victim should not feel the slightest pain from the operation, Neither do I propose to compound with unbelievers by using honeyed words, by professing a spurious toleration and simulated charities, and by conceding that they, like ourselves, are truthseekers, and that we are all on the same track and shall in the end reach the same goal. No honest unbeliever would respect, us for that. I believe that men's opposition to Christianity is a curse to mankind, and that much of it is without reason, and without excuse, But there is another side to the question also. The ques- tion is, how are we to account for popular antagonism to the cause of Christ; and I do not think it can be questioned that much of what is called free thought is a rebound from the ban which has too often been placed on men for daring to think for themselves at all. It is a failing of human nature to assert its liberty, and to do the more wantonly the thing it is tyrannically forbidden to do, particularly when it has a lurking suspicion, of the authority that lays down the law. The battle between believers and unbelievers too often been very much like a free fight, in which the aim of one party has been to hit hard, and that of the other to hit harder, while the cry of spectators has been that their friends should give it to their enemies. More over in building up systems of Christian thought have not Christian men too often given splendid arguments to anti- Christian objectors ? What a rage there has been in the Christian world for small sects and small creeds. Has not the world swarmed with creed-makers, and has not each man with a new theology to hawk about been too ready to write over petty generalization. "This is Christianity, and he that believes it not shall be damned." I know that the separ ation and disagreements of churches are no real arguments against Christianity. There are no feuds in schools of theology more deadly than the feuds that have been in the schools of science. If a Protestant and a Roman Catholic can fight, an Allopathist and a Homeopathist can admirably show them the way. If, it has been well said, there is the odium theologium , there is also the odium scientificum and the odium atheisticum. Separations and discords in churches and outside are human nature, not Christianity. But can we wonder that amidst the clamour of a score of creeds, each claiming to be exclusively divine, each crying ' Accept me,' poor human nature has not known which to accept ; and not unwill ing to find a good excuse for not doing what it has not been particularly anxious to do, has resolved not to touch one of them ? Dr. Thornton gives an illustration of the way in which some good but mistaken men put their notions of the Bible in the place of the Bible in connection with a large scientific meeting where the subject of spontaneous generation was discussed : " One or two of the speakers gave an account of experiments made by themselves, in which bacteria and vibrions appeared in liquors which, after boiling, had appeared in hermetically sealed tubes. The obvious answer to this would have been for some one to state what was afterwards done, that he had performed the same experiment exactly and that the bacteria and vibrions were not produced. In fact several speakers expressed their doubts of the accuracy of the experi ment. But one individual arose, and with unnecessary empressement declared that no one should rob him of his Bible, that the Bible told him that God made all things, and that he would die before he would surrender his faith. None of the speakers had even suggested that God did not make the bacteria, — the experiment really meant to show that the Creator did not always supply the same methods in producing living creatures, and the opponent's declamation was seen to amount to this, that he would not be robbed of his own notion of what the Bible told him — of the explanation, addition, in fact, which he had made to the word " created' in tho sacred volume.' Such believers are the materials out of which the world gets sceptics. The practice of substituting our commentary on the Bible for the Bible, of putting our interpretation of Christianity in the place of Christianity itself, has tended to multiply the enemies rather than the friends of religion. Men have often made religion smaller and straiter than God ever made it; one result of which has been revulsion, then reaction, then a spirit which has crystallised into a settled form of antagonism. I question whether this would have been so to the same extent if the churches had been sweeter, broader, and truer, if men had been reasoned with a little more and cursed a little less, and if churches had gone to the world with more of the reality of God's love, and less of the semblance of His authority. Another secret of modern objections to Christianity lies in the habit men have of hasty generalizations. The ten dency now its to do everything in haste, and in nothing do we show that haste more remarkably than in jumping at religious conclusions. The tendency to this in regard to Christianity is one of the most common weaknesses of strong men. In weak men it plays antics that are not laughable but pitiable. There are men who bear little evidence of being profounder than the rest of the world who find no difficulty in disposing of the whole fabric of Christianity by the ready reckoning of the debating club, or the upstart assumptions of the hour. It is astounding with what ease and with what dispatch they can sound the ocean of truth and find that there is nothing in it. The things which profound and learned men have been looking into for thousands of years they are able to demolish without a moment's difficulty or a second thought. And every man who differs from them does so because he has not enlighten ment enough to agree with them, or because he is paid for differing. If there is a text of Scripture that does not square with their ideas, the whole Bible and everything belonging to it must fall to the ground. To such it is difficult not to apply the words of Cowper : When others toil with philosophic force, Their nimble nonsense takes a shorter course ; Flings at your head conviction by the lump, And gains remote conclusions at a jump. There is a great deal of objection to Christianity that is simply cavil. It is not calm, serious, broad, manly, or generous. It goes on the principle that all the hypocrisy and humbug are in the churches or somewhere near them, but, unless all appearances deceive, there is plenty of hum bug elsewhere, and the biggest humbugs are too often the men who think they have a commission to put humbug down. A large number of us are cantankerous, and we must object to something. Some of us vent ourselves on one thing, others on another, and in this way many men find it convenient to object to Christianity. A critic was once called to examine a sublime frescoe on which a great artist had spent the best years of his life, but the unhappy critic saw but one thing. He had not a word for the frescoe itself. He confined his criticism to one of its ex tremeties, and all he had to say on the work of the artist's life was that one of the little toes was slightly out of draw ing. It is by a process of exactly that sort, in this age of short and easy methods, that many men disposes of Christianity. It is in the old formula of matter is God and God is matter, and there is no matter whether there be a God or not that this easy nonchalance about earnest things finds expression, or in the sneer which Lord Byron conde scended to rhyme — When Bishop Berkeley said there was no matter, And proved it — 'twas no matter what he said. Dr. Johnson once said, " Sir, the man who sneers is at once intelligent and base. He is intelligent, because he is aware that your proposition is one that it would be incon venient for him to accept. He is base, because his pusil lanimity will not allow him to encounter you in fair argu ment. To sneer is to be insolent and to slink from the con sequences, to show your teeth and be afraid to bite." I do not, of course, say that unbelief employs nothing more manly than a sneer, or nothing more serious than a grin ; but I do say that too much of modern objection to Christianity is of this kind. The kind of hasty generalization to which we refer is not confined to coarse and ignorant men. Considering the fact that some men spend so little time in looking up such questions for themselves, is it not surprising how confident they are that Moses never wrote the Pentateuch, and that St. John never wrote his gospel. If in business and law men decided weighty questions with as little thought and patience as men decide the gravest question in the universe, the world would not go on a week. It is often supposed that because a man is clever or competent in one sphere, his opinion goes for a great deal when he pronounces upon Christianity. But it does not follow that because a man is eminent as a mathematician or a linguist his ad captandum utterances have any great weight in a sphere to which he does not incline, and which he does not study. The ten dency of all students in departmental thought is to over estimate their particular lines, and to underestimate their opposite. We may attach far too much weight to the ver dict of a natural philosopher on a question of supernatural evidence, or to any exoteric judgment on esoteric truth. According to Buchner, God and sin belong to an infant school of morality. There is no such thing, he says (in the tone of one who has explored infinity), as wickedness ; sin is disease — error nothing more. That settles the question. Even Mr. Mill, who cultivated the critical and analytical faculties at the expense of the perceptive, generalised with no little haste, on the assump tion that the machinery of nature is cruel and pitiless, and that the tendency of everything is towards degeneracy and pain. A large amount of modern criticism goes on this assumption. But under the Darwinian system there is everything to check it. In the Paleyan conception nature is a simple machine ; in the Darwinian conception it is a vast system of machines running into each other, and so far as Darwinianism teaches there is no ground for the hasty assumption that the drift of things is towards pain and degeneracy. On the Darwinian hypothesis nothing exists for pain alone. " The sting of the hornet, the teeth of the shark, the venom of the snake, the poison of the scorpion, are not primarily instruments of pain; they are organs of nourishment, means of defence, aids in the struggle of existence, which have been modified to give pain by natural selection." To the Darwinian there is no drifting towards the worst. The Darwinian law is that the poorest and worst must die. From the monad or the actinian to the man there is a movement towards that which is perfect and complete. Whether this solves the problem of nature or not, it ought to check the hasty conclusion that the stamp of everything is misery, and the tendency of everything degeneracy and decay. The work of science is to make observations and to establish facts in its own sphere ; but instead of this, scientific men too often go out of their sphere, and from the slenderest of inductions draw the most positive and daring inferences in opposition to Christianity. I will but mention that another secret of the objections made to Christianity lies in the radicalism of much of what is called modern thought. The tendency of modern thought is to look into everything, and then to doubt everything and to root it up. One of the chief games of the thinking world is that of playing at battledoor and shuttlecock with opinions and dogmas. Many thinking men start with the proposition that whatever is, is wrong. They have no reverence for what professes to be time honoured and sacred ; they assail accomplished facts simply because they are accomplished, and have no right to be. Much of the spirit of our age is iconoclastic, and a great deal of modern criticism is purely destructive ; its forte is negation, and not affirmation ; it attacks and destroys for the love of the things only. Whether the thing presented be a book, a proposition, or a system, the impulse is to find fault with it, and to pull it down, for no other reason than that it is not down. Men who attack Christianity have nothing better to put into its place. They have often nothing to put in its place, but they must root out the accomplished fact. When Professor Porsen rolled home from his symposium with his eye less clear and his hand less steady than they ought to have been, he failed of course to find the key hole of his door, but instead of stopping to think that the fault might be in himself, he began to curse the keyhole, and from that he extended his maledictions to the nature of things. In much the same way, when Christianity does not suit men's conveniences, instead of charging the blame to the right account, they charge it to the wrong one ; and, instead of denouncing themselves, they denounce Christianity and the nature of things. The Commune set fire to the monu ments of Paris, not because those monuments did them any harm, not because they had anything better to put in their places, but because the spirit of mischief was in them, and that was a way in which it could find expression. It was nothing to them that lives were lost and hearts were broken in the wreck; it was in them to destroy, and they did destroy. Cleopatra destroyed the pearl and then de voured it ; not because the pearl had anything bad in it, not because it was pleasant to drink either, but because it was not in her to do anything else. We have seen the same thing in children, who must break things or tear them up, not because there is anything wrong in the thing, but because there is mischief in the children. In this way much objection to Christianity is puerile. It has a contempt for whatever is held to be sacred. It is a Mephistopheles that scoffs, sneers, and turns a cynical eye on whatever has the name of being pure and good. But this is, after all, the lowest and easiest of things. When some one told Cleombrotus that Philip of Macedon had destroyed the city of Olynthus, he said : 'It is easy to destroy cities — the glory lies in building them.' It costs no labour, and needs no intellect, says John Foster, to pronounce the words— stupid, dull, odious, absurd, ridiculous. And that is true. Anybody can criticise. Anybody can say it is false, absurd, and so forth. Our language has a large vocabulary for such people. An idiot can set fire in a night to a structure it takes a wise man half a century to construct. There is a limit to the virtue of criticising everything and finding fault with everything. This is particularly applicable to popular forms of hostile criticism. With educated men, with whom fairness and honour usually go for something, there is often a conservative element that is a safeguard against demoniacal extremes; but when the masses break away from restraints, there is no knowing where they will go. There is nothing too extreme for the passion of a crowd. There is nothing a mob will not pull down when it is fairly aroused to it. This is the serious nesss of hostility to Christianity when that hostility be comes the rage of a populace. That rage can do Christi anity no harm, but it does the populace itself harm. A man's defying the lightning has little effect on the light ning, but it may be dangerous to the man. Canute's man- date, spoken to the ocean, had no effect on the ocean, but when the ocean spoke to Canute he had to promptly stand back. The insect that attacks a lighthouse may not do the lighthouse any harm, but the blow may injure the insect. " A viper bit a Cappadocean's hide, But 'twas the viper, not the man, that died." I have spoken, then, of a few of the sources from which modern objections to Christianity take their rise. The question is, how are these objections to be met. I answer— a great many of them need not be met at all. A great deal of truth is its own answer, a great deal of error is its own refutation. Christ met some of his objectors with a divine silence, and Christianity may follow his example. The only hope of the world against some of its follies is the underlying good sense of mankind. There are things which work them selves out and are best left alone. Touching them makes them worse, leaving them alone cures them. Many of the arguments to put down infi delity have made much of the infidelity there is. Even Butler, according to Pitt, raised more difficulties than he answered. A great deal of eagerness to put down unbe lief has been indicative of nervousness about the faith, rather than of danger to unfaith. When a fire has thoroughly taken possession, it will sometimes go on till it has spent itself. I do not suppose our poor engines will put out the raging fire of unbelief. The utmost we may hope to do very often is to stop its extension by throwing water on the adjoining roofs. But there are phases of unbelief which should be fairly met. The question is, how ? I do not think that in this day legisla tion will meet them. Neither do I think that we shall do much by ecclesiasticism — that is to say, by asserting the divinity of our churches, ministers, or bibles. Neither will revivalism at all times meet the difficulty. The religious revival of the last century was, among other things, a revival of religious thought. Neither shall we succeed with unbelievers by the tactics by which they often try to succeed with us. Many free inquirers begin to curse you the moment you adopt free inquiry too. Free inquiry means free inquiry for them, not for other people. Their heaviest maledictions are meekness itself, but immediately you remonstrate you are a slanderer beyond forgiveness,. If men abuse us, it may be hard not to abuse them in re turn — that is human nature; but two fires make more fire, not less. The work of the Devil is helped, not hin dered, by diabolical weapons. True religion has everything to hope for and nothing to fear in the hold it has taken on popular opinion. I have not much sympathy with men who sigh and cry because men are disposed to turn churches inside out. If we are honest men we have no occasion to be afraid of detectives. If unbelief sets fire to a few of the straw buttresses with which we are too prone to prop up the superstructure of truth, we shall soon know the worst of it. Inquiry on the wrong side will stir up inquiry on the right side, and it is much needed. If scep tics succeed in driving men from some of their notions of religion, and in bringing them nearer to religion itself, Christianity will be the gainer. I abhor many of the methods by which men attack religious institutions and re ligious men, but I do not propose to gag any man because his views of religion differ from mine. There are unbe lievers who think that Christians are wonderfully afraid of them, and that we would not for our lives meet them in hand- to-hand encounter, and that on nervous grounds we would give the world if they would just be good and not object any more. We do not want to strangle or to stamp out free inquiry. We are not, or ought not to be, afraid of inquiry. We have no fear for Christianity — only let it be Christianity. But what is Christianity ? I answer, it is four things. To begin with, it is a historic fact. Strauss, Renan, and others would make it a myth. To Strauss, Christ was an idea personified ; to Renan, a well-intentioned person idealised. But the fact remains. And yet it is not the fact but the substance which the fact conveys that makes Christianity. Beyond the fact, then, there is some thing else. What is that something ? The answer to this is that Christianity is, secondly, a supernatural revelation. Assuming this to be true, however, the question that follows is, what is it the revelation of? The revelation is but the medium of the thing revealed — the shell, not the kernel. The revelation, therefore, is not itself Christianity. And thus we come to the third point, which is, that Christianity is an ethical system, and an ethical system of which Christ is the centre. This is the aspect of Christianity that is apparent to the every- day world. Things about Christianity may be matters to be discussed by scholars only. But Christianity itself appeals to ordinary men and women. When men discuss Christianity they usually go to the inspiration of the Bible, the incarnation and divinity of Christ, the doctrine of atonement, future punish ment, and so forth, and they say these are Christianity. And when other men attack Christianity these are the things they often attack. We do not deny that all these things may stand connected with Christianity ; but they are not Christianity itself. A series of photographs may stand connected with a man, but a series of photographs are not the man. Christianity is Christlikeness. All things else are but instruments to an end, and this is the end. From an ethical point of view the moral qualities of Christ incarnated in human life are Christianity. Men who in- sinuate that the religion of the Bible does not tend to morality have to show why immorality always flies from it, and why morality of the purest and noblest kind has always been promoted by its teachings. There is not a truth or a virtue known to the cultivated conscience of humanity that Christianity does not befriend and advocate. There is not a meanness or a vice abhorred by the heart of the world which it does not expose. That which has an inherent tendency to discourage falsehood must be itself true. There was never such an incongruity as a false system every outflow of which is truth. Men say that when the Bible teaches future punishment it offends the ethical sense of humanity. I think, most assuredly, that if Christianity teaches some men's theories of future punish- ment, it offends the ethical sense of tho race. But if in itself future punishment for wrongdoing offends the moral sense, present punishment for wrongdoing must offend it also. There is no reason why future punishment should be supposed to be wrong, and present punishment right. I think the moral sense of humanity teaches that if men are not punished for wrongdoing, they ought to be. No man would like to live in a country in which it was all the same whether men practised the right or perpetrated the wrong. No country could stand on that principle. The Govern ment that does not punish men for doing wrong must cer tainly punish them for doing right. What is the morality of Christianity as expounded by Christ ? It is love to God. and love to man. Refracted, it is given by Christ in another form — 'All things whatsoever ye would that men should do to you, do ye even so to them, for this is the law and the prophets ;" or thus—" But I say unto you, love your enemies; bless them that curse you; do good to them that hate you; and pray for them which despitefully use you and persecute you." Stated by Peter it is as fol lows : — 'Add to your faith virtue or manliness, to virtue knowledge, to knowledge temperance, to temperance patience, to patience godliness, to god liness brotherly kindness, to brotherly kindness charity.' By Paul it is given thus—' Whatsoever things are true, whatsoever things are honest, whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, whatsoever things are lovely, whatsoever things are of good report, if there be any virtue and if there be any praise, think of these things.' Or thus — ' Wherefore, putting away lying, speak every man truth with his neighbour, for we are members one of another. Let him that stole steal no more, but rather let; him labour, working with his hands the thing that is good, that he may have to give to him that needeth. Let all bitterness, and wrath, and anger, and clamour, and evil speaking be put away from you, with all malice. And be kind one to another, tender-hearted, forgiving one another even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you.' This is the morality of the Bible in the Bible's own words. And I can, on behalf of a small section of Christendom, say these are some of the dogmas that are being commended (poorly enough, it is true) from the pulpits of Christian Churches. Has the world outgrown its need of a religion like that? Or is there another religion anywhere with a system of ethics superior to that? If so — where ? Confucianism has its central idea in a system of morality based upon prudence. Brahminism recognises nothing but spirit. Buddhism has its ethical idea in a state of non-existence, Zoroastrianism in the divine origin of evil. The religions of Greece and Rome tended to ignore morality. Mohammedanism advocates sensual in dulgence, or extermination. Positivism has its idea in humanity. English scepticism has found its ethical pur suits in stigmatising marriage as one of the worst of monopolies. Hume, for example, represents the private conduct of the profligate Charles, whose debaucheries pol luted and disgraced his age, as a proper subject for eulogy. All other ethical systems that are good are partial. Out of them you could not form a complete society or an ideal man. But a man or a society or a world with the ethical idea of Christianity incarnated would be an ideal man, an ideal society, and an ideal world. But lastly, Christianity is not an ethical system only or principally ; it is a beneficent provision for befriending and bettering the world. It is an ethical system, but it is a regenerating force. Those who aver that Christianity cannot be scientifically proved some times overlook the fact that one of the most conclusive of scientific proofs is that which is drawn from induction. The thing which produces that which men want cannot itself be that which they do not want. Look at the men which Christianity has produced, and with these compare the men who have rejected it, or lived with out it. One of tbe most eminent of his contemporaries wrote of the greatest apostle of culture thus : ' To be fre quently with Goethe would make me wretched. Even with, his nearest friends he has no self-forgetfulness, no effusion ; he is in no ordinary degree an egotist.' With the influence that has been exercised upon the world by men like Goethe, compare that which has been exercised by even inferior men who have believed in the principles, and caught the spirit of Christianity. Compare the public sentiment of Christian society with that of heathen society in its best estate. Let any one take the pictures of the Roman world drawn by Tacitus, or sketched by Horace, or read the licentious or cold-blooded cruelty that dishonoured the highest life that Rome could offer, and say if with all our vices there is anything in the social senti ment of truly Christian society half so cruel or corrupt What is it that has given us nobler manners, purer laws ? What in Christian countries has created bands of men and women whose only object is dry up the black river of sin and suffering that surrounds our very homes ? What is it that has again and again quickened the English masses into nobler life ? Who are the people who spend their lives in unrewarded toil to mitigate the distresses of sickness or to check the ravages of sin ? What has set on foot the philan thropies which are the characteristics and the glories of this time ? Is it unbelief ? Have men been made more virtuous, more brotherly, more disinterested, and more generous by rejecting Christianity, and discard ing Christ ? We know with how much of human infirmity the best of Christian work is often done, for though the work of the world is divine,, the hands that do it are human. But poorly as the work of Christian churches is done, does not the work of the Church make the world richer ? Is not a man on the side of the ledger, on the side of the merchant, on the side of every man who carries a hod, on the side of those who ply the pen, and who ply the spade, when he stands by the cause of Christianity ? I know that ministers are but imperfect men as other people are. I know too that some men who profess religion might give larger proofs that they possess it; but, with all their faults, these are the men who give their time and talents to help the poor, the suffering, and the distressed. Would this country be the gainer if churches were destroyed, if ministers were banished, if Christianity were blotted out of the language, and if atheism reigned instead? If there is cause to lament that organised Christianity is not better, is not there cause to rejoice that it is not worse? I read the other day that Mr. George Jacob Holyoake, the founder, or at least one of the foremost leaders, of secular- ism in England, a man who though sometimes regarded as an atheist, has been, I understand, a man, of private worth, and one who in his public capacity, has been a friend of intellectual liberty and social reform, is now, in the evening of his life, ill and poor, and the very first men to aid him in securing for him a pecuniary testimonial are three ministers of the Church of England, the Rev. Stopford Book being at their head. If this be correct, it is a re markable spectacle, but it is quite a consistent and not altogether a strange one. The spirit that helps and befriends a man of whatever creed or colour is dis tinctively the spirit of Christianity. Does not the world want more, not less, of that spirit? 'What would the world be now," says Dr. Farrar, "if it had nothing better than the dry aphorisms and cautious hesitations of Con fucius or the dubious principles and dangerous concessions of Plato ? Would humanity have made the vast moral ad vance that it has made if no prophet from on high had fur nished it with anything better than Sakya Mouna's dreary hope of a Nirvana to be won by unnatural asceticism ? or than Mahomet's cynical sanction of polygamy and despotism ? Christianity may have de generated in many respects from its old and great ideal, but is Christendom no better than what Greece became, and what Turkey, Arabia, and China are ? Does Christianity wither the nations that have accepted it with the atrophy of Buddhism, or the blight of Islam ? Even as a moral system, though it is infinitely more than a moral system, no faith has ever been able like it to sway the affections and hearts of men. Other religions are demon strably defective and erroneous ; ours has never been proved to be otherwise than perfect and entire ; other sys tems were esoteric and exclusive, ours simple and univer sal ; others temporary and for the few, ours eternal and for the race. Kung Footze, Sakya Mouna, and Mahomet could not even conceive the idea of a society without falling into miserable error. Christ established the reality of an eternal and glorious kingdom, whose theory for all, whose history in the world, proclaims it in- deed what it was at first ; proclaimed to be — the kingdom of heaven, the kingdom of God.' If there are those with whom the testimony of John Stuart Mill would go for more than that of Dr. Farrar, I will quote a passage from Mill's Essay on Theism : — "Above all,' he says, 'the most valuable part of the effect on the character which Christianity has produced by holding up in a divine person a standard of excellence and a model of imitation is available even to the absolute unbeliever, and can never more be lost to humanity. And whatever eleo may be taken away from us by rational criticism, Christ is still left — a unique figure, not more unlike all his precursors than all his followers, even those who had the direct benefit of His personal teaching. It is no use to say that Christ, as exhibited in the Gospel, is not historical, and that we know not how much of what is admirable has been superadded by the tradition of His followers. The traditions of followers suffice to insert any number of marvels, and may have inserted all tho miracles he is reputed to have wrought. But who among his disciples, or among their proselytes, was capable of invent ing the sayings ascribed to Jesus, or of imagining the life and character revealed in the Gospels? Certainly not the fishermen of Galilee. Certainly not St. Paul, whose character and idiosyncracies were of a totally different sort, and still less the early Christian writers." Mill did not hold the divinity of Christ in the ordinary sense, but he says: — "When to this we add that to the conception of the rational sceptic it remains a possibility that Christ actually was what he supposed himself to be, a man charged with a special, express, and unique commission from God to lead mankind to truth and virtue, we may well conclude that the influences of religion on the character which will remain after rational criticism has done its utmost against the evidences of religion will be worth preserving, and what they lack in direct strength as compared with those of a firmer belief is more than compensated by the greater truth, and rectitude of tho morality they sanction." So wrote John Stuart Mill. And to that I have only to add that objections to Christi anity may be answered by sermons and lectures, by books, and by newspapers. But the best of all answers to objec tions to Christianity is Christianity itself. Let the world have not caricatures merely, and not portraits merely, but the thing itself, and it will know it better, and take exception to it less. But, whether tho world objects or agrees, Cliristianity will live on in the future as it has lived on in the past, singing its music of mercy and blessing till it has reached every shore on which the sea beats and every land on which the sun shines. You can no more stop Christianity at this time of day than you can stop Niagara. The puny voices of savages might as easily stop the roar of the hurricane as our objections Christianity. Men may throw the religion of Jesus overboard, but it will ride on the crest of tho wave and mingle its music with the surges of the storm. They may reduce it to powder ; but, like the phœnix, it will rise from its ashes to wing its way for a loftier flight. The objections to Christianity are the objections of men, the truths of Christianity are tho truths of God, and those are Truths which perish never, Which neither listlessness, nor mad endeavour, Nor man, nor boy, nor all that is opposed to joy, Can utterly abolish or destroy. 