THE EASTER SUNDAY SEHMON- Freeman ought to be very thankful to us if we advertise him thus, not at half- price,' but for nothing : " Let ! every Protestant who has time, and who can get the loan of Freeman of April 3, (we don't' want any Protestant to buy it), read the report wliich is therein given of Dr. Yaughan's Easter Sunday sermon." He will see in the four columns of that report the proof of all that we have been saying respecting this. pretentious servant of the Pope since he arrived in the colony. He will see how . the Roman Catholic people are fed with the Gospel. He will see what capacity, this new apostle of the "Vatican has for logic, for Scripture exposition, for con vincing the intellect, and for preaching Christ. He will, we think, agree with us, after he has perused that sermon, when we say that there never were set up in type four columns of more empty, vapid, and unreasoning stuff, and labelled a "ser mon." . Such trash, no doubt delivered with , all . the fire and presence and dog matism and self-assertion for which ' Dr. VaugHan has a license, is said to be |;elo- quence but we are sure of this, thatvit is : Popish eloquence, without truth arid honor at- "the ' baseV and ; without one ' particle' 'of . sense;htrthe topi. ; , , i Invthersi place, Dr. Yaughan ;took ifor his !text,-< " ;ii am: the resurrection) And 'the > life'; he that belie veth : ori 'me J though' lie'1, were ' dead yet shall lie iiye/.' .and .fi'o'tn , beginning ;to,. end of ,' the;;!'-' sermon "I:!hel never once alluded to. -..theitextli ii Never oiice was there an, exposition' of >" the re- ; suriection "—never bri.be a Abatement" ' of how. Christ is the j insurrection— never, once an explanation! of : believing' in Christ —never once an Axplalriation of how thej believer dies' and lives : in arid;1 wiGi ' Christ. Never . once, therefore, was there, . an , attempt to : teach the people what the text says; so that, as far as:the sermon' was concerned, the preacher, might just as well :havib'j»k«i'<.'ass. bis" text "Apes and pea cocks came from Egypt."; ' ; :In the -second place, 'after/ telling his audience that he' was going' to. " grasp the ; subject;" jaribl, after sayirig that, , as " hei iplaces himself at the tomb of our Lord,' lie ; sees "s the place where " the bruised limbs' were tenderly wrapped in linen, cloth," he ; draws what/ he calls four . pictures in. answer to the questions, First, Who is he? second,- What did he undertake1? ' third, How did he attempt to do it? f6urth, T)id, he , succeed 1 Our readers ; will smUe as ; they read these particulars as the divisions . or lessons of the chosen text/ They are'a1 wonderful proof of logic arid . textual., exegesis ! ... ,, ./. In the third place, in the filling! up- of these four pictures, Dr. Yaughan gives us the following, which may he briefly charac terized, asone of the glaring falsehoods of 'Popery. He describes Christ as taking his disciples out to Galilee: and he puts these words into our Lord's mouth— "Peter, you. are speaking with my voice; , you cannot err; ; go boldly, out, and :tell, men that they must heariyou ; 'that I- have commanded you to tell them what I have taught you, . arid' remember that I am with you always until the world shall curl up in everlast ing: doom !" It is surely not too much to ;say that this is one of the most audacious of attempts to make Christ speak Popery, and .make Peter Pope, in spite of, the facts tin the. .Gospel history which show Christ ; speaking the very opposite. Popish Arch- bishops can niake Christ out of a piece of bread ; but.it is not often that they go so, 'plainly as Dr. Vaughan. here does, to 'make Christ plainly contradict Himself. : Not iri'any part of the Gospel will it be shown, that Christ spoke bo Peter any such thing; .as is here said of Him. If He said any such thing to Peter, He said it to all the' rest as well ; so that the figment arid false hood of Peter's primapy is wholly ovpr- thrown. Recollect, all -this trash from the text, "I am the resurrection ind' the- life !" In the fourth place, filling bp another picture Dr. Vaughan follows Christ to , the sea side, 'where He said to -his disciples, " Come and dine arid he thus coricludes the interview of Christ with Peter, "Simon, son of Jonas, Jo vest thou me, »fec. " liere," says the Coadjutor; "we have the picture of Peter commanded to feed his sheep, teach the leaders of tlie people, and to feed the lariibs, the people themselves. Here was; the great foundatiori of the one teaching power, the glorious foundation on which the church was built. There was no longer to be a thousand different doc trines ; there was to be one grand centre of unity, based on the primacy of Peter !" It is wonderful, indeed, on what a small point a "great and grand foundation" can rest. The old scholastic question of how many souls could starid on the point of a needle is very iriuch like this. If Christ had. intended to teach the primacy of Peter, and to make him the centre of unity, it was strange that He could not teach it as plainly as Dr. Vaughan does. But we are referred to the incident for a "great foundation for a teaching power; and for the one grand centre of unity yet we are certain of this, that never any single reader, if he was not told beforehand of Peter's primacy, and Peter the centre of unity, would ever extract such " great " things, or dream of such mighty claims, as taught in the passage. Peter had fallen by a thrice denial of Christ ; and Peter was restored by a thrice installation to his former position, to be equal with the other disciples ; but this installation, which was really a reference to the shame of Peter, is thus made under the false picturing of Dr. Yaughan, the proof of his being exalted to a supremacy in the Apostleship-: -in fact, to his being made Pope ! On this plan of " interpreting Scripture," the object -is not to bring out its meanirig, but' , to ' force Popery into it. But remember, tliat /all; this is preaching from the text, 'LL.ain the resurrection and the life!" / ' - In the fifth, place, in fillirig up another ' picture Dr. Yaugtian . goes on /.,to / prqv.e,'. that Christ gave,, his Apostles ; tlie saera. ment. of "penance,'?' and 'gave them: power/ " to forgive sins ' -arid theii1 the'pssage'is ;quotod, Wboseve,,sins /ye repiiVthey,. a$8 .'.remijkteiSiSto. > But what, is;the rise iof. quoting: !this passage1? - It says not one' word/about " penance;" ': There is 'riot irii/ ;all Scripture . one, word . About;, " penance," . Tlie, 'passage/, indeed/ . ,says. / that:, . Christ, breathed i upon the Apostles, and; they- re ceived the' Holy Ghost ;: buk the'/pbint is; 'this/ " Let the' piiests and Dr., Yaughan give .the proofs , which, the Apostles gave of their having the Holy Ghost;' and then we will think it likely that they are able: to forgive sins." Dr«. Yaughan kno\vs tha,t he cannob, dare not,, give such proof ; of his, having tlie Holy, Ghost;' /yet he has the effroritery to d'emarid that 'his 'power of for giving 'sins shall ' be admitted without . this ivrity'-riedeto/propf P/Z/Bri-huik: ..ofall.. , this from ' the text, Z' i aiii' tlie, IresuiT-ectiori . and the, life." :,>:! . In the last place, after drawing what1 lie calls these / four: ' " pictui/es of w'ondeL'ful' beauty," Syhicii, /ha,ve! as ' little to do with, tlie text ;as ; the ,manf in, thei moon has to do. with St-' Mavy?s,:, Dr.-- Vaughan thus pro ceeds to " apply .them/' :< " It was not/'; says' he, /" only to the' Apostles that 1 J esus said/vwhose sins/ye .shall forgive they shall, .be, .forgiven, " «fec.; But this is- the very thing which 1 ; -Dri V arighan has to prove, arid which he cannot prove ! If it was iriot/exblusiyely to .the; Apostles that Jesus said these words, why not alssi interpret the other -words as also applicable to the Popes arid their bishops, " Go/'/p reach, saying, the kingdom of heaven . is. at hand ; liea.1 the sick, cleanse, the. leper, raise the dead, cast out devils ; freely ye have received, freely give?" Simply because in the for mer case Dr. Yaughan can say, "I have the. Holy Ghost and can forgive sins,!' and; no one can well test his blasphemy ; . but if he were to say, " I can: heal' the. sick arid raise the dead," , the greatest tlock- liead could, easily put his sham claim to the -test. Dr. Yaughan is wise to eschew these common' things— " healirig the/riick &c.;," and to rush into' the rinkriowri region of " remitting sins !" '//. / / '.'/ / / Biat , his application of His. sermpn goes on, , " Do , not blame me if you find fault with this doctrine " (that the priests have power to!forgive' sins) ; " it was by God's power .that, the Apostles taught.; it is by God's , power that the Pope is the supreme ruler in the Church. God has said, 'lam with you alwayis—yoii (the. Pope) cannot go astray.' ,, The doctrine is not mine ; it is God's -teaching. . . . . You must hear as our Master told- us ; we cannot err : He will be with us ; and unless you ' hear us and belieye,.yoii will be condemned., We . find jPopes .elaiming to feedi theisheep and the lambs, bishops and priests ad ministering the sacramierit8, /bearing con- fessions and' giving absolution by virtue of the commission received ! . . . Where is the teachiug bf the - Apostles ?. ; I' believe at this1 moment there' 'over 25,000,000 of Catholics who all believe in the teaching of the Apostles. ! .1 .scarcely know how many bishops there are, 2000 perhaps, one sovereign Pontiff, arid tens of thousands of priests who at this hour, teach the. self-same doctrine that the Apostles taught, to the great discomfiture of the world ! They are/ commanded to teach all nations.1 At this hour there is at the Vatican an old, vener able and distinguished Pontiff: — ask him and he will tell you that he is the succes sor of Peter, that though men may deride, ' that though the world may yell and shout;/ he stands unmoved, he is the great in fallible teacher by virtue of the commission 1 given to Peter. The world says, ' Let every man believe as he likes ;' but against this the Pope says, ' unless you believe in. me you shall be condemned.' Jesus Christ1 has said so, and I speak by the authority: of Christ, however distasteful it iriay be to you !" Well now, all this is the preaching of the great Dr. Vaughan from the text, " I am the resurrection and the life." Let our Protestant readers pity the poor people i who are fed with such rubbish as the doc trine of Christ. It makes one's blood ruri' cold to think that such scandal oris trasli; is' the gospel which thousands of our fellow, colonists receive every Sunday. -Still- more', disgusting is the thought that to hear such, inflated balderdash so-called " leading Protestants" will leave their own churches: and attend at St.: Mary's "in chairs, specially provided for them." Such Pro-1 tostants deserve to be shut out from their privileges, and put under Dr. VaughanA- training and regimen for a twelve-month; ' At the end of that time they would be1 £/mi'eriough ! 