. ' PUBLIC EXAMINATIONS. We append the nnmos of candidates educated in schools in this and tho neighbouring districts who havo pnssed in the recent University ex aminations. Tho numbers after tho candidates' name roprosent tho following subjects, viz. : — 2\. English language. 3. Lutiu. 4. (For juniors.) Easy Mathematics. (For soniors.) Arithmetic and Algobrn. 5. (For juniors.) Highor Mathematics. (For seniors.) Euclid, li. History of England. 7. Geography. 8. French. 9\. German. 10. Grook. 11a. Trigonometry ; lln. Analytical Goomotry ; 11c, Mechauics. 12. Chemistry. 13. Goology. Seniors.— 3rd Ci.ass, Bronnan, Francis, St. Patrick's Colloge, Goul- burn, 2, 4, 5, G, 7. Edwards, Murtin Montague, St. Patrick's Col- lego, Goulburn— 2, 4, Ci, 7. Piddington, Albert, Bathurst, Goulburn Public School — 2, 4. Martin Montaguo Edwards took Gth placo in English, 2nd class ; and Francis Bronnan 3rd pluco in Mathematics. 2nd class. Juniors. Blake, Vincent J., Sc. Patrick's College, Goulburn— 5, 7. Brown, William Jamos, St. Cloment's School, Yass — 2, 4, 7, Byrne, Jamos, St. Patrick's Collogo, Goulburn —4, 0. Gaspcrson, Edward, Tumut Public School — 4, G, 7. Caswell, Charles Honry, Goulburn High School — 2, 4, G, 7. Crundwoll, Emily, Gunning Public School— 4, Cullen. Duniol. St. Patrick's Collogo, Goulburn —2, 3, 4, 5, 0. Dillon, Thomas, St. Patrick's Collogo, Goul burn— 4," G. Elston, Lucy Jano, Gunning Public School — 4, 7. Fitzgoruld, Jamos Griffin, St. Cloment's School, Yass — 4, G. 7. Foord, Edward Elam, Tumut Public School — 4, G, 7. Hart, Ashor, St. Clemont's School, Yuss — 2, 4\. 7. Hill, John Allen, Gunning Public School— 5, G. Mackins, James, St. Patrick's College, Goul burn— 4, 5, G, 7. Maybury, Percy Frodorick, Goulburn High School— 4, G. Mudgo, Permenas Poaroe, Albury Grammar School— 2, 4. M'Laren, Walter, Tumut Public School— 2, 4, G, 7. Newman, Cbarlos, Gunning Public School — 4, 7. O'Donnell, Benjamin, St. Patrick's College, Goulburn — 3. Build, Henry, Gunning Public School— 4, 7. liyan, Michael J., Sc. Patrick's College, Goul burn — 3, G. Smith, Archibald, Gunning Public Eohool— 5, G. Sawyer, Mary Anno, Mrs. Armstrong, Young -2, G. Wuelfing, Frederick William, St. Cloment's School, Yuss — 2, 4, 6, 7. Wilson, William Bulridgo, Gunning Public School— 4, G, 7. Woodward, Walter Matthew, Gunning Public School— 4, G, 7. Tho successful candidates were educated as Juniors. Seniors. Total. Sydney Grammar School... 23 6 — 29 Fort-street School 11 G — 17 William-st. Public School 3 0 — 3 Mr. Bowyor... 2 1 — 3 Mr. Horniman 10 — 1 Dr. Sly ... 3 3 — 6 Botany-st. Denominational School 1 0 — 1 St. Philip's Denominational School 10 — 1 Camdon Collogo 2 2 — 4 Mr. Macintosh 11 — 2 Private... 11 — 2 Nowinglon College ... 3 2 — 5 Burwood Public School... 3 0 — 3 Mr. F. H. IIolo, Burwood 2 0 — 2 Itydo Public School 2 0 — 2 King's School 11 0 — 11 Lady Murray 3 1 — 4 Ludios' Colloge G 2 — 8 Belmoro Collogo 12 — 3 Misses Hurdie 1 0 — 1 Miss Martin... 10 — 1 Miss Baxter... 3 0 — 3 Miss Baylis... 10 — 1 Bathurst : All Soints' Colloge 4 0 — 4 St. Stanislaus' Collogo ... 5 5 — 10 Public School 4 0 — 4 Ynss : St. Cloment's School ... 4 0 — 4 Wollongong : Public School 10 — 1 Kiama : Public School 8 0 — 8 Gunning Public School ... 8 0 — 8 Mudgee — A. Taylor ... 1 0 — 1 W. Clarke ... 1 0 — 1 Armidulo Grammar School 3.0 — 3 Goulburn High School ... 2 0 — 2 St. Patrick's Collogo 7 2 — 9 West Muitlund Public School 3 4 — 7 Mr. Frnzor 1 1 — 2 Albury Grammar School... 10 — 1 Tumut Public School ... 3 0 — 3 Shoal haven Presbyterian School 2 0 — Wv'2 Windsor Public School ... 2 0 — 2 Grafton Public School ... 1 1 — 2 Young, Mrs. Armstrong... 10 — 1 Goulburn Public School ... 0 1 — I Balmaiu Public School ... 0 1 . — 1 Sydney, Mrs. Tnit 0 1 — 1 The Result or Pressure. — Much of tho locnl and other intelligence in this issuo has to bo vory considerably, and most unwillingly, abridged ; and what could, and perhaps should, be mndo a column or two of, has to be curtailed into this paragraph. On lust Sunday night an olopement took place. Ono of tho parties is of lull age, tho other nearly so. They renched Sydney safely, and wo beliovo tho parents are now consenting parlies. Wo honestly hopo tho young folk may bo happily united uud spend many happy years together. Paces took placo at Wnrao and at Manton's Grook on Inst Monday. For more outsido races they passed oil satisfac torily. Tho usual mooting of tho Municipal Council on last Friday lapsed, there not being a quorum present. Tho entertuinrnont at tho Mechanics' Instituto on last Wednesday availing, of dissolving views, chroniatropes. &c.;, was postponed till next Monday ovoning, on account of tho dentil of .Mrs. Williams, tho wife of ono of tho churchwardens of St. Clement's Church. The entrances for tho Yass Bucing . Club races promise to bo numerous, and a con siderable number has ulroudy been received by the hon. secretaries. Tho woatlior lias boenof the most singular description. Showors liavo fallen nearly every day during tho past week, alternated by siinsliino of usual summer boat, and at other times cold enough for mid-wintor. Un Tuesday next Mr. Kemmiiigton givos an elocutionary and otherwise iatoi esting enter tainment at tho Mechanics' Instituto. Tho annual demonstration of the Sons of Tomporatico comes oil' on Saturday next, particulars of which will bo found in our advertising columns. Tho Bimilong uniiiin! races are to como oil' on tho 1st February next.. Tho progrummo will bo found in to-day's paper. Mr. Thomas Scunos, alderman, Yass, bus openod a furniture waro- liouso in the old Braidwood Store, Bossi-stroot, Yass. Besides, his lirst auction salo will take placo cm next Tuesday, when an assortment of furniture, Ac., will bo siilnnitlod to public com petition. .Messrs. Jones and Broiigliton nn- tionnco tho sulo of tho stock of Messrs. Myors, Brothers, saddlers, lass. Wo nro sorry to learn that we are about to loso tho Aressrs. Myors as townsmon. They intond in future to coiitino their attontion to their businoss at Young, wlioro, for some timo past, thoy have had a branch establishment. Messrs. Brock and Broiigliton uniiounco the sale, at, Young, of u numbor of Hereford and other bulls. For particulars and duto soo rtHvertiso- moiit. Mr. Hancock, on tho 12th prox., will oiler for salo valuable promises in Burrowa, tho property of Mr. John Taylor Preston. Tho land and buildings are centrally situated and ought to command ready salo at a high figuro.- Tho an nual mooting of tho contributors to the Yass Dis trict Hospital will take plneo on Monday, 10th prox. A mooting of tho Daughters of Tomper- nnco,YTiss Lodge, will bo hold next Thursday ovon- ingfortlioelection of olfico-bonrors. — The unnual demonstration of tho Sous of Toniporance, Yuss Lodge, will tnko placo noxt Saturday, when a variety of sports will come elf in Sampson's paddock, and in the ovoning a spoiling boo will take pluco in ilio Mechanics' Institute. Goulburn Gaol. — Tho llev. Win. Locko, B.A., has boon appointed Church of Eiiqland.clinplnin t ) the gaol at Goulburn, vico tho Vory Kov. Qoaii Sowcrby, deceased. Mail Contracts. — Tho undermentioned tondors for tho conveyance of mails from 1st proximo has boon accepted by tho Govorninoiit : — Railway Station, Gunning, and Pust Ollicos, Gundaroo Township, Gnnduroo, Gintiiiidorii, Canberra, and Qiieanboyaii, throo timos a woek — John Pooloy, 4-wliooled coin oyanco, one or mora liorsos, £275 per uiiniim. Contract to terminate at ono month's notieo on eitlior side. Brpudalbano Platform (near Brendulbano). Collector, throo times a week. .Michael J. (Jiiuiii, liorsoback, £OU por annum. Contract to tormiuiito at ono month's notieo oil either sido. No tender has boon accepted for tlio convoyanco of mails from Broadiilbano Platform (noar Broadalbano), Col lector, Gundaroo Township, Guudnrno, Ginniti- derra, Canberra, and Qiioatiboyuii, via tho Lako or via Thompson's markod troo line, throo timos a week. Permissions to Purchase.— The persons named have been permitted to purchase, in virtue of improvements, the lands undermentioned : — John Hurley 40 acres, parish of Jindalee, county of Harden, £41; James Crowe, 50 acres, parish of Gobarrnlong, comity of Harden, £51 ; repre sentatives of the Into S. K. Salting, 40 ncres, parish of Cambamurrn, county of Harden, £41 : representatives of the into S. K. Salting, 40 ncres, parish of Beggan Beggan, comity of Harden, £41 ; Henry Brown, 320 acres, parish of Bina- long, county of Harden, £321 ; Henry Brown, 320 acres, parish of Illalong, county of Harden, £321 ; George Day, 40 acres, parish of Murray, county of Goulburn, on Fouv-inilo Crook Bun, £41. Ouu Member. — On Tuesday, in tlio Logislativo Assombly, on a motion nlliriiiing that Govorn inoiit should not employ moinhors of that House, Air. Piddington moved an amendment making the resolution applicable to meinbors of both Houses. Air. Fitzpatrick seconded tho amend ment and (nccording to tlio Sydney Morning Herald) said that it had come to ho regarded as an understood thing in tlio House that whon- over tho lion, and learned moniber for Argylo appeared here, one of two tilings was on the tapis — somothing tho Government was afraid of, or olso somobody on tlio other sido to bo hammered. — Air. Butler.: It is utterly nntrno. — Air. Fitzpatrick: Doos tho lion, member rnenn to sny that I am tolling an untruth ?— Air. Bntler: What you have said is untrno. — Mr. Fitzpatrick: Your onswor, sir, is not worthy of a gontloman. — Mr. Speaker: Order.— Mr. Fitzpatrick : I will repoat what I said of tho hon. momber. I sny it has como to ho rognrdod in this House that when the hon. inombor appears bore, it is for ono of two purposes, and I havo hoard it alleged again and again Air. Butler : 1 say it is not nlloged. Will you pormit mo to say a word or two. Last sossion I was so ill as not to bo able to como hero ; and I do not boliovo that the Honso thought anything of mo than that I was too ill to come horo. (Cheers.)— Mr. Fitzpatrick: I say it is received by tlio House. — Air. Garrett : I douy it. — Air. Fitzpatrick : It is a fnct that I have heard it. I have hoard mombers of this Honso sny again and agnin. — Air. Butler : You said it was tho opinion of tho llouso. — Mr. Fitzpatrick : I said nothing of tho kind, sir. — Air. llnskins roso to order. The lion, member (Mr. Fitzpatrick) was certainly out of order ia persistently roponting the charge lie had modo. — Mr. S. C. Brown thought tho linn, member for Argylo (Air. Butler) wns rather hasty in tho reply ho mado to the stntomont of tho hon.: member for Ynss. If he hnd thought for a moment, ho would havo seen that the hon. membor did not say what he understood. What tho hon. momber did sny was, that it had come to ho considered by some mombers of tho House that whon tho hon. member came, — Air. Butler: Nothing of tlio kind. If die hon. membor hnd.r confined himself to tho expression of his own opinion, or that of his frionds or conficres, ho would not havo interrupted him ; but when ho ventured to go on as lie did nnil say it was the received opinion of tho llouso— (clioors) — ho (Mr. Butler) said it was untrue, and ho sub mitted that he was not out of order in making uso of that expression. —Air. Fitzpatrick : I do nob know what tho point of ordor is.— Mr. Speaker : Tho lion, mombor for tho Tumut, I understood, rnisod tho point of ordor that tho ho'ri. mombor for Yass was wrong in imputing an improper conrso of conduct to tho hon. mombor for Argylo.— Mr. Hoskins: Yos, and persisting in it, after tho denial of tho hon. member.— Mr. Speaker: I did not understand him to impute anything, but ho said it had been stated. -Mr. Butlor: That it was tho rocoived opinion". ' tho IIouso.— Mr. Speaker : Ho did say that in r .otition, but bis first stutcmont wns that it had been considered so in this IIouso, and tho hon. mombor for Argylo said it was untrue. I do not think ho was out of ordor in donying it. —Mr. Fitzpntrick said his expression wns thnbit hnd come to bo regardod in tho Mouse. He did not sny it wns the opinion of tbo House.; but ho hnd hoard it said over nnd over again that tho hon. mombor for Argylo only came hero when thore wns somothing special on tho pnrt of the Govern inont to be dofondod, or when somebody on tho othor sido wns to bo nttnekod. But hov wns it that all tho sympathy wnsfolt for tho hon. membor and nono for him. Mr. .Hoskins: I sympathise with you too. (Lnughtor.) Ho envod vory littlo for any man's sympathy, but it wns n mnrvollons thing that.nbody of gontlemen could bo ignorant of tho fact thnt tho lnngnngo used towards him was vory insulting. It become tho more insulting when tho hon. member refused to say, when asked, what bo meant by tho oxpression. After somo further rofcrenco to tho mnttor ho continued: Tho resolution con tained nothing in it moro inconvenient to tho Government than wus contained in tho Constitu tion Act. What wns thoro so very inconvenient to tho Government in depriving them of tho paid services of their supportors ? It might happoti, under this system, that prominent supportors of tho Government, without coming under the terms of tho Constitution Act, would rocoivo a tidy littlo income, and yet retain their seats. He thought it would bo infinitely safer to nllow tho Govornmont to confer permnnont appointments on such members than nllow thorn to dispense such pickings, because thoso who received them woro in no way responsible to tho Ilonso nnd tho country. Wus it to bo im plied that thero wns no man in Now South Wnlos capable of valuing n pieeo of land for railway purposes but tho hon. mombor for East Sydney (Mr. Davios). It wns tho revorso of tho case; boennso tho hon. gontloman hnd not boon employed in thnt particular way, nnd mon could bo nbtuinod whoso opinion on such n subject would he worth infinitely mnro than tho hon. gontlomnn's. Ho could conceivo of nothing so corrupting in its tendency ns this systom of Go vornmont bestowing remunerative employment on thoir supporter. And one most important point wns lost sight of by tho hon. gentleman who introduced tho motion— that tho persons so om- mloyod in this objoctionablo manner had tbo power of thomsolves fixing tho emolument they woro to roceivo. (Hear, hoar.) They hnd power to say that for two hours' sittings they woro ontitlod to ho pnid £100, nnd tho Govern- ment had no power to sny nay. Tho hon. and learned mombor, in his roferonco to tho Constitu tion Act nnd mombers of tho Upper House, lost tho point of tho' disqualification. Tho holding of a poqsion wns not u disqualification either in tho IIouso of Commons or in this IIouso; but tbo objoction was to tho holding of a pension which was tompornry, and thnt a Govornmont could tnko away. — Mr. Burns : What I said was old fogies who could bo turnod out of ollico. — Mr. Fitzpntrick nccoptod tho hon. gentleman's correction. Tho poril of this Hosse from this system wns vory grout. Without acknowledging any responsibility to tho House mid tho cou itry, lion, members so employed nnd roceiving emolument for their sorvicos might hnv-i a motive ns strong us Ministors to thoir holding office, because ho would know thnt as soon as . the Govornmont wont out ho would have dono with his pickings, llo did not moan to impeach the honesty of any gentleman who hud boon so omployod. Ho know nothing so particularly rosy, to uso an oxprossion that had become pnr- ' iiamentnry, as to 'bo employed as an arbitrator whoro tho labour was so profitable that a povsoii might make moro monoy tlmn a Ministor without incurring nny responsibility to tho IIouso or tho country. (Hoar, hear) llo would liavo con- tented lumsolf at this sfngo bad ho not boon nttnekod by tho lion, und learned gontloman bocnuso of the position lu> bold as a land agent. Ho considered that n laud ngout wns in some what of an nnalogous position to an attorn oy or barrister. — Mr. Bntlor: A barrister has not n yoto. — Mr. Fitzpntrick snid that, n land ngont had 110 other motivo in tho world than a gentlemen lenvnod in tho law ill conducting a case. A barrister conduotod a dishonest or an honest . case to the best of hi3 ability, and ho was acquitted of dishonour. Tho profession bad been remnrknblo for its high senso of honour. In what different capacity did ho stand to his clients? Ho sustained tho claims of a freo solector given into his hands ns fur ns ha could, and ho sustnined tho clnims of any client as far as' ho could; and no ona could nccuso him of doing thnt which wns unfair. Ho would appeal with confidonco to members of tho House who had oooupied tho position of Secrotnry for Lands to say whether he had overstoppod tho propor limits. It was a vulgar mistake to say, und it had boon said by n port ion of tho Press, that a land agent who was a memder of Parliament, could not carry on his business without pro ducing a tendency to corrupt tho Government. One answer to that wns, that a land agent was paid for his labour whether ho succeeded or not. He knew what was more likely to corrupt tho Government. He thought ho hnd heard of a momber asking for a gaol for his district. Ho hud heard it asked how the mombor was going to vote on a particular question. Ho had hoard it snid bow tho mombor wns going to vote, nnd then the gaol was provided for. But he appoalod to tho hon. gentleman at the head of tho Govorn mont whether the existence of land agon ts wns not a source of purity in tho administration of the land law. Tho late Land Minister had decided more cases against him than nny othor Land Minister. If the Ministers were to be impure in the administration of tho law, nothing would Boonor bring them to their benrings. > They could not make n decision without its being raado know to tho world by tho othor side. .no aia noc care n snnp 01 ins lingers lor nny Minister. It wns a mif-tnko to suppose that his business depended on tho goodwill of any Ministor. Ho hnd generally been opposod to tho present Government, but he did not hesitnto to sny that the decisions of the Minister for Lands wero ns often futnl to him (Mr. Fitz pntrick) as tho decisions of his predecessor were. Thnt arose from tho character of tho cases sub mitted. Ho believed that tho hen. gentlemen administered tho law nccording to his honest conviction, nnd ho for one did not enro a snap of his fingers for what any one migl t think. — Mr. "Wisdom dissontod from tho comparison which tho hon. member for Yass hnd drawn betwoon barristers and land agents. Ono practised in an open court, whereas the business of land ngonts wns genorallv conducted in secroi in an ex parte wny ; and decisions might he givon from con siderations nltogeibor upnrt from the merits of tho cose. The Romance op Cbimr. — Tbo Molbonrno correspondent of nn i exchange snys : — Tho horrible suicido which wns romnitted only a vory short time ago by a tailor in Brunswick- street, Fitzroy, has been followed by one still more horrible in its circumstances. In tho lust cns.e, as in tho first, tho wretched .-ictim of sell- destruction blew Ilia bend to atom: with a pistol, in a bedroom ; but according to llio dotails of tho shocking affair in Flindors-streot, published in Saturday's papers, and which recurred about dusk last Friday evening Muckiwitz, in blow ing his brains out, purposely pone.rated tho rash art in tho presonco of his wile, and whilo in snch n position as to sprinkle her face with his blood and brains. It appears thr-t tho hottso in Flindors-street occupied by Mrs. Muckiwitz has been a brothel for the last twenty years, and one ofthojnrymon romnrkod thnt all thoso brotbols ought to Ite oxtorminatod. Dr. Youl replied thnt was a rnuttor which did not como within tho scopo of tho present enquiry. Ho suggosted, howovor, thnt tho police should bo spokon to on tho subject, adding that housos often fetched high or rents when lot to brothel-keepers than could b'o got from rospoctnblo tenants. Tho principal witness wns Alico Mnckiwitz, who said: "Tho dccoasod wns my husband. I loft him n weok ago, and oumo to livo in tho hnnso opposite this hotel. IIo called yosterday (Fri day) morning, when I was in bed. Ho went away and roturnod at ono o'clock, und nskod mo for somo monoy to onnblo hint to redeem somo clothing of his own, which ho had. puwiu-d. T gavo him a sovoreign. Ho snid ho would go uwny up tho country, and would never seo mo oguin. At six in tho ovoning lie returned whilo I was in the bedroom dressing to go out. Ho locked tho door behind him. I was sitting on a portmanteau, and ho came up to tno und struck tno with his fist on the sido of my head. Ho then throw somo silver coin in my face, and said, " Do you remember twolve months' ago ? " llo 'pointed to a piece of my hair in it ring on his linger. I saw a pistol in his hand and thought So was going to kill me. I said, 'For God's hko, Johnny sparo me, and I will be good to you.' ISoard a report und folt a splash in my face. I halted, and on recovery I saw his body on tho fiy. I raised an alarm, nnd nn old lady who livh.noxt. door catno in. All I could sny at tho ttmiiwas ' he's deml, lie's dead." Tho letter pvod'eed is in my lato husband's handwriting, llo hit boon very uufortunnto of lato, and had lost nlhjg monoy. For somo timo wo kept a public-OIISOi nnci nftor tihnt. a conl-yard. I separntA frotn him because wo could not pay our way. D pawned his clothes, and wo could not agree. >-motimos ho treated mo cruelly. Ho wns joalot, of mo. hut I gavo him no canso up to tho Inst w,k. We parted by mutual consent, und hoforo" J0ft bim I tried to got a situation, but ooulil tit succeed, as I had no references. I could havo gtn croud Dlnco ns barmaid nt, n hnfnl at Wodongn.but my husband would not allow &3 to go tlior," At tor hoaring further ovidonco, tie jury retui'nd a verdict to tho effect that tbo mufr'n s- 'msolf while of unsound mind, itb following n9 portions of tho letter l'o forced to .- lcth Decmbor, 1875. — I write this in my projor sonsos, nil inttmd to kill myself to-day somiwny. My rtfo loft mo last wook, through .15'' j0"Co,ol'ho following women nnd man. " 6 S'I" mV "uir-e 1 't will ho found out s p enough. lmvo no money, nnd I intend to blot lny brainsont over my wife's living aarcusSfthnt she al-ays may remember tno in in eatifoi JiTo sr» mid hor companion nro w'Li?/, i i i Ty th,0curso of Gnu ho on hor, that she ta|| havo tin,,, angled body of myself always ho„.e borsolf, „d i? my ghost ho shall hunt hot- ,i,.lV0 |,er ti mndnoss nnd tho worst jz Wif 1 :k0rSOt ono p unt! from my wifo, und . i V fa' ftoistol in Oloolund's. I returned thofst t0 ho. lfter for r nnd shott. 1,,,, |,or nt l 0'c|0ck mv woddino day ana my . ;lllL I ffisi to bo bu.,,.iu(1 wit tho lock of hut,,, fingo, 1(: j |oave my lodging nt, 10 a.In.jt0 c„ n,,d soo m cut-sod wifo to g aomn laoni.) tho ilgb n|)d Jn3 to buy a pistol a\ return to Ljr, tnko hor in my nrras and scnUol, brains OVor her cursed UUC,1SBorn';,rf'B'-My wif's "a 3 Alico Bnclej, nndpn wil) fil!j from hi o the i is an .old Pieman livitt, in Dnndenonq, Oukloy , rei n Tioo G|y( 01. Sftlt(Gippslnnd) at present, I hel etc. r. M. M. Vrried ?875" Ordl. "for tori 67'" 1 Qn d ' 17thdo- Chinese Lepeiis at Bi,„.T _„Ti — „ ... to tho Ballarat Courier..,. .'_T)m. wl ." donee in this country I "W i j i , , in \nious wiivsii good deal to do with thralin mi > hrst person to draw puhi.nttontion t, tho con- dition of tho lepers hvv 0„ c, &omo; eight or liirio years a, H ; " a friend, I visited tho ld" u'," ?f number, and shall nover fo'A fc, bni0"- sight thai, wo witnessed. Sii'., " . ow,n.S all of tho elovon havo died ;\ tion ohtuinod, both from nrr5 nAlrmaT enquiry, I 11111 disposod to thint t torminutoa fntullv in about tvvo!v,.nft1 \,?u . /ours, Aitho prosont momtnit thero nro sevon l>r p. . Hi", nnd live ol these I saw "!,lndfl (lj- noon. Ono has boon thoro olevenrs /tho|lrh I do not romomber to havo soonU my visits eight years ago; hut thLonso fow yonrs makes fearful havoc in HonGra . n sonnl nppoarunco. His noso is h"\ fingers uro onten away, nnd his 'oicoViKcm,;,,! inaudible, tho sign of appronching id j r disposed to think tlmt leprosy is iiiVcctiou disoase, nnd no person should enrnbss t|,row tluimsolvos in its wny. Tho Chinese tl\SB|vog boliovo it to ho, and the woight of ovidoV by a commis.-inn n fow yenrs.ngo also this view. Thoro nro instances kn Q- Europoans taking the disonso, and I kolioVj nro no enses known of a cure being dfioctr g fnr ns I am ublo to form an opinion, two ov ypui-s gonerally elapse before tho disease firm hold of its victim, and I often su'b leprosy is moro widespread among tho Clt| than is usually imagiuod. Tub Inrgo pastoral estate of Pomeroy, tho ) porty of Lieutenant Wooro, has been lot to \ M. Butler, of Mittngong. — Ooulburn Ikralil. Appointment op Official Assignee.— Mr. J. Mackenzie, who lias for many years dischart tho dutios of official assigneo with gran assiduity nnd fidelity, has recently resigned his post, in conspqnonco of tho weight of years. His' Honor tho Chief Justice, in whom tho power of appointment to this office is vested, has appointed Mr. Samuel Lyons, formerly mombor o' tho Legislative Assembly, to succeed Mr. Mnckinzio. From Mr. Samuel Lyons's wotypknown stniding us a citizen, nnd his reputation in tho cilony, this appointment will ho regardod with ginornl satisfaction.— -Evcninq News. Goals to Newcastle —A Melbourne toligram snys The Subraon brings tiiroo ontiro uses of rare breed, and somo macaws. Mb. John Taylob, op Deniliquin, woj acci dentally killed on Monday ; ho was clcrl of the course, nt tho Doniliquin l-acos, and, whn gal loping, wns thrown, his horso falling on Sm and crushing his chest ; ho got up, and was cciscions for about twenty minutes, nnd thon die. Tho accident stopped the racing, and cast a gloom over tho town. — Telegram to Evening Ncs. A Cold-blooded mubdeb wns comraited 011 Christmas night nt Guntawang, tiEar M uqee, tho victim being Mrs. Martin, landlady of th Gnntu- wang Hotel, nnd tho murderer a mat named George Pitt. Tho accused, who is a yong man only about 24 yoars of age, cut tho vomnu's throat from oar to onr, almost sovering er hend from her body. Tho murderor was arrated nnd lodged in Gulgong lockup. Sad Case op Dbowni.no at Young. — A inquest was hold before Mr. R. B. Armstrong, enronor, on Thursday morning, on tho body f Samuel Byers, 1G years of ago, who was dro'nod tho day previous whilo bathing. Wo snjoin tho ovidonco (from the Burrangong Chronich Mary- Shim Poo deposed : I am a married Oman ro- siding in Young; yesterday, betweei two and throe o'clock, my boy pointodjjto deceind while ho was passing nour my plnce, und sid to me, " Thnt is the boy who they dragged to cutting for some timo ago ; " deceased was thi walking j towards the cutting nt tho old Belmor works ; I never saw tho hoy agnin ; at nhont to o'clock two boys named .Mather and Punt tol mo thero woro somo clothes on the bank of to cutting and 110 0110 thore ; 1 told tho hoys to ok and see iT there was any parson planted, and also told thorn to look and seo if there was black hat, us tho boy pussing my plnce had a bck hat on ; they snid thero was a black hat tlior so I told them tlioy hud better go and repoi it to Mr, Watson ; I knew tho dam had beenlrngged on a previous occasion whan it was riortod that tho boy had. been drowned ; I saw > person in his company nor any person near liimt tho dam ; tho boys wero on tho bank of tho da whon they called out to mo; I saw them goi; down to- wards tho dam, and whon tbey saw tho clothos on tho bank I noticed them turn back again. Robert Mather, n youth, stated that ho in com pany with a boy named Punt wont to tho dam to havo a swim, and when they gnt thero they snw clothos on tho hank : they at onco reportod tho matter. William Lynch deposed : I am a butcher in tho employ mont of Mossrs. Mackonzio Brothors; I assisted to drag for the docoased's body last ovoning, nnd found it at about half- past S o'clock ; it wns in a cutting nt tho Old Bclmoro mining works. — Tho jury roturnod a verdict of " Found drowned." Weston's Wi/.abd Oil. — Havo you inflam matory sore throat, still' joints, or Inmeness from any canso whatever? Have you rhoumntic or othor pains in any pnrt of tho body ? 1/ so, use II eslon's IlTranZ Oil internally and externally. Many persons sudor with sick henducho, nnd nervous hoadncho, usually inducod by costivc- noss, indigestion, Ac. Weston's Magic Pills act specially on tho Blood, Lives, and Kidneys, anil protluce a regularity of th bowels so ossontiul to health anclcomfort. A Genuine SmuiCE of Health.— Thousands of invalids seek in vain, year aftor your, for somo real sourro of health. Thoy try ono remedy after another until thoy begin to despair of finding tho much-wishod for object. Oh, that somo hoacon could light thoso unfortunates groping in tho dark to that gonuino sourco of health, Udolpho Wolfe's Schiedam Aromatic Schnapps,' an unequalled snoeilic for disonsos ol tho stomach, bowels, and kidneys, nnd a tnateh- loss tonic and nervine. IIolloway's Pills. — The most popular modi- cino for tho euro of feamlo complaints. After many years' exporionco it is incontostibly provod that thoro is no medicine equal to IIolloway's pills for tho euro of disonsos incidental to fomnlos, nnd for tho subjection of tho many nilmonts to which tho young nnd delicate nro liable. Tho invigorating and purifying pro perties of Hollowuy's medicino rondel- it invalu able. Thoy may bo taken by fomnlos of nil ages for any disorganisation or irregularity of tho system, speedily removing tho cuuso, thus re storing tho sufloroi to robust henlth. As n medicino thoy nt-a unequallod, and mny bo tnkon by old and young, restoring health and onorgy after all other means havo poved un successful. "Berkeley, Sept., 1S69. — Go.ntlomnn, — feci it a duty I owo to you to express my gratitude for tho groat benefit I havo dorivod by taking 'Norton's Cainomilo Pills.' I, applied to your agent, Mr. Boll, Berkeley, for tho nbovonatnod > Pills, for wind in tho stomach, from which I snflorod excruciating pain for n longth of timo, having triod nearly ovory remedy proscribed, but without deriving any bonolit at all. After taking two bottles of your valuable Pills I was quite restored to my- usual stato of health. Please give this publicity for the benefit of thoso who may bo thus alllicted. — I am, Sir, yours truly, Henry Allpass. — To tho proprietors of NORTON'S CAMOMILE PILLS." 