EDITOEIAL EXPEEIENCE ON T#E ' SKEWXONV1LLE KOAEEE.' {Danhury News ) I ve been on the tripod. . I ve been running a live newspaper over in Skewtouville. The village of Skewtonville is a savage little place where centenarians die in early life, and where coffin-makers accumulate for tunes. Last week I was informed that Timothy Johnson, late editor of the Skewton ville Roarer had suddenly deceased, and that the board of directors had chosen me as his successor, at a salary of 80 dols, drinks and shirt-collars, per annum. I was re quested to come at once to attend Johnson's tuueral and get up his obituary for the nest issue. I tied a necktie round my throat, told Polly I was going to open a lew gems of thought for a paper, and started to Skew tonville. Three drunken ruffians, smoking Junison weed in cob pipes, met me in the suburbs of the town, informed me they were the board of directors, and escorted me to a house where the late Mr. Johnson was lying in state, in a pine coffiu, with his boots on. They told me that was the Skewtonrille style of funeral pomp. A melancholy look ing fellow said the usual things over the corpse, aud assured the crowd that Johnston's ' spirit had taken its flight, ' of which fact I suppose nobody had my doubt. Johnson looked as if he had been a great sinner, and I guess he needed all the prayers they gave him. The funeral procession started. The other folks walked, but out of respect to ray high position I was mounted on a depraved mule. We laid the late editor ' 'neaih the daisies,' practically speaking. Then I was escorted back to town, and ushered into a dismal room with a half- inch hole punched i through the wall, which I presume was a \ Skewtonville window. I thought 1 had inad° vertently violated some city ordinance and been put. into the calaboose, but one of the ruffians relieved me with the information that I was in tiie.oifi.ee of the Skeiolonville Roarer, a live newspaper, 2 dols per annum, payable in corn-whisky. I told him he was a good jokist. On the floor lay_ a copy of the Roarer, and next to it a jug of whisky. I could not help thinking that they looked like twin brothers. One of the Directors, who said that his name was Stufiiestreefe, raised the bottle to his lips, and told me he was the chief proprietor of the Roarer. If I had sold myself to the devil to edit a paper in the infernal regions, I couldn't have felt meaner. He passed the bottle to me, but I told him I had a brother named after Neal Do w and John Gough, and I couldn't indulge. The trio gazed at me as if I was a wild animal, pulled my hair and poked in my ribs to ascertain if I had a tangible existence^ and then they said they couldn't solve the mystery. I suppose they thought all tlie angels were in heaven. The pro prietor then banded me a slip of paper and said, ' Make your will.'-— Make what?'. I said, with a horrible chill creeping over , m3- — 'Make your will,' he repeated.—* j '? Why,' said I, feeling my pulse in alarm,. J 'I ain't dying, am IP'— 'No,' he answered;. J ' bufc an editor's life is uncertain, and it is I well enough to provide for accidents.' Some 1 conception of the danger of my situation. ] flashed upon me, and I commeticed to be- j quoath my worldly effects to Polly. Tliea I he handed me a Derringer pistol aud said,-* I ' Write Johnston's obituary.'—' What am j I to do with the Derringer?' I demanded.—* I ' Write the obituary with it,' he said. Then I he explained to me that the pen was attached. I to the pistol, so that if any one comes ia I while the editor is penning his Billiugsgate, | and takes exception, the editor is prepared, I to meet him. I felt nay courage oozing away J when the howitzer plan of journalism was I explained to me. But I wrote Johnson's I obituary. The proprietor said Johnson had 1 died of ' pistol shot ' : said he, '' That's the I way editors wrap the drapery of then* couch, I about'em here.' I pronounced Johnson's I taking off a damnable assassination,' and in, I the course of the obituary slandered every I maiden, and remarked in general terms thafc I with a few exceptions every man for m les I around there was a horse-thief and a felon* I The proprietor, after interlining a little pro- 1 fanity, said the obituary would do, and told 1 me to state at the bottom that ' I was per- 1 sonally responsible for it, and could be found 1 on the streets at all hours of the day.' 9 ' Why,' said I, ' won't I have to be in the 8 office occasionally ?'—-'? Oh, yes,' said he^B . ' that is just a figurative expression.' Then. j| I. signed my name to the obituary which.* contained enough slander to subject m© 1 to be butchered a thousand times. The&S; the proprietor bade me follow him. He led 9 the way to the graveyard where we had put a Johnson away. 'Tuis,' he observed, 'is a ;the 'Editors' Cemetery. Eead thenafl boar-Is,' said he. I began—' Tim Suiiglesoa sa?e 28; late editor Roarer; bowie kniie.'n 'Tom Jones, editor Eoa'rer; pistol shot,' M &C;, uutil I had read forty of them, and allfl had died violent deaths, except one. Only™ one died like a Christian, and the proprietor ? informed me that ' he didn't have any edi-JH itorial ability.'. 'Now,', continued tlie pro«« prietor, backing up against a tonabstonea'B ' we run. a live newspaper here, We. makaS y:'' ' '^''T'r-Tir''1''' 1 '? ? ''???'? ? ',r. it hot and lively.' 'Yes,' I rejoined, glanc , Jog around the cemetery, 'Ifcmay be a live ^rneyrstper, but I notice ifc ha8 several dead iditorSi' 'Pshaw I' was his answer, ' what is life compared to independent journalism P' I had to give in. « How long,' I inquired, : 8- does tho average editor live here ??' ' Two yr three weeks, was his reply. I was thinks ,ing of my gentle Polly, who might never again behold me with the bloom of health on my cheek. Then dropping one huge tear on the memory of all ' them dead editors,' I ? walked back gloomily. At the office I was handed a dictionary with the remark—' We uso this altogether. Webster dou't express our ideas.' The ' dictionary' didn't have a decent word in it. The office was well forti fied. The broom was half pitchfork and we poked the fire with a Spanish stiletto. At midnight I arose from my couch, took some chalk and wrote on the floor, ' My darling Sliuffles3treet. Au Mevoir I Here's my resignation. Take your newspaper into the cemetery and employ Steve Lowery's ghost; to run ifc.' Five minutes later a solitary fugitive might have been seen going through the darkness and gloom in the direction of -vsnkpsh. Thafc was this individual Heeing ftpm the sweets of '' independent journalism' '.to! .the bosom of his family, and I propose to stay in that bosom for ;: considerable length of * ^PV81'* .Skewtonvillc journals eaa seek ,*Uewhere for an editorial ' corpse.' 