MOTHER SHIPTON. ? ~. — . ..*. ? Wo (he Editor if 11m fnqairer * Commercial Kan. bis, — Allow me a small space in your journal to spin a yam aboot a woman who jived, in. the North of England some 400 years ago. It maybemtenestingtosomeof your juvenile readers, and refresh the Anemones of some of the older ones who caaie from the old country some, ttdrty gr forty years ago. In 1337 -or. 1838 I -was in England, I found my way to a watering-place called Harrow-gate, in the north of Yorkshire, and while there was told of a cariosity at Knaresbrough, fitont two miles away, called 'Mother ghipton's Dropping Well.' Mother Shipton's name was famn;»r onongh to tome, as it was to most people in the North and to many in the South too. I and my friends lost no time in visiting this freak pf Nature. Having arrived we saw a circular piece of detached rock, about twelve or -fourteen feet high, covered with vegetation, and under the eaves were placed a variety of articles, such as. old men's wigs, pheasants, birds' nests, &c;, &C-;, undergoing the process of petrefaction. £ure enough, the water turned them all to . stone. Whether Mother Shipton had anything to do with detaching the rock, and creating this mineral spring, I did not hear ; but she did some wonderful things, and was born somewhere about the place. Before introducing the reader to Mother ^hiptpn's poetical prophecies it may be as well to take an extract from Dickens' Household Words, voL 14, page 158, and taken from, an old pamphlet in the British Museum, which will throw some light upon the character of the witch, as she was supposed to be : — 'When she heard that King Henry tiie Eight should be king, and Cardinall WolSey should be at Yorke, she said that .« Cardinall Wblsey should never be at lorJce, which the king and cardinall heazing, being angry, sent the- Duke of Suffolk and Ijord Dazcy to her, who came 'with their men disguised to the king's house near York, where, leaving their men, jtfrey went to Mr. Besly, in York, and desired him to goe with them to Motiier Shipton's house,* where, when they came, they knocked at the doore. She said, 'Come in, Mr. Besly, and those honorable lords with you-f and 'Wy. Besly would have put in the lords before Mm, but she said, 'Come in, Mr. Besly; you know the way best* they doe not' Thin they thought strange, that she should know $b§u ^p4 Beyer saw them ; then they ]wetit into the house where there was a great fire, and they drank and were merry.'' (Mother Shipton was, at all events, no curmudgeon.) '' Mother Shipton/ said the duke (not altogether requiting her hospitality), 'if you knew what we came about, you would not bid us so welcome f she said, * The messenger should not be hanged.' ' Mother Shipton,' said the duke, 'you said the cardinall should never see Yorke f ' Yea,' said she, ' I said he might see Yorke, but never come at it' * But,' said the duke, ' when lie comes to Yorke thou shalt be burned f « Wee shall see that,' said she, and pluck ing her lum^lrftTiphpi- off her head, she threw it into the fire, and it would not borne ; then she took her staffe and turned it into the fire, and it would not burne ; then she tooke and put it on againe. *?3jen,' said the dnke, 'what mean yon by this? She replyed, 'If thiB had burned, I might have burned.' - Motiier Shipton,' quoth the duke, what think you of me 1 'My lord,' said she, 'the time will come you will be as low as I am, and that will be a low one indeed.' My LordPiercy said, 'And what say you of me? 'My lord,' said she, 'shooe your horse to the quick, and you shall do well, but your body wul be_ buried in Yorke pavement, and your head shall be stolen from the Bare, and carried into France f at which they all laughed, saying, « that would be a great lop between tie head and the body.' ' j(A marginal note here says : ' This proved true, for he rose in the rebellion in the north ; and by not flying when he might, he was taken and beheaded in Yorke, where his body was buried,,, and his head was stolen and carried into' France, tem pore Eliz. Beg.') 'Then said Darcy, ? Ana wnat tnmK you or me r She said, ' You have made a great gunne, shoot it &&, for it will never do you any good ; you are going to wane, you will paine many a man, but kill none.' So they went away. Not long after, the cardinall came to Cawood, and going to the top of the \- tower, he asked, where stands Yorke,* and how far it was thither ; and said that one said he should never see Yorke. *Nay,' said one, ' she said you might see Yorke; but never come at it' He vowed to burn her when he came to Yorke. Then they showed him Yorke, and told him it was but eight miles thence, and he said that he would soone be there ; but being sent for by the king, he dyed on his way to London, at Leicester, of a luske. And Shipton's wife said to Mr. Besly, 'Yonder is a fine stall built for the cardinall in the Minster, of gold, pearle, and precious stones, goe and present one of the pillars to King Henry ; ' and he did so.' MOTHER SHHTON's FBOPHECIES, 1448. The poetry has been put into modern English, so far as spelling is concerned : — damages without horses shall go, And accidents fill the world with woe ; Around the world thoughts shall fly Li the twinkling of an eye. ?Water shall yej; more wonders do — Sow strange, but Jhey shall be true ; The world upside down shall be, And gold be found at the root of a tree. Through the hills man shall ride, And no horse or ass be at !'« side ; Under water shall walk — Shall ride, shall steep, shall talk. In the air men shall be seen — In white, in black, in green. Iron in the water shall float As easy as a wooden boat. Gold shall be found and shown In a country that is now unknown. Fire and water shall wonders do ; England shall at last admit a Jew. The world to an end shall come In 18S1 ! ! J Thei£ is no denying the fulfilment of such utterances, except the last, which I do not believe. 'The world to an end shall come in 1881 ! ! ! ! ' The Divine Being does not admit of witches and devils intoHissecret counsels. ' Of th^t day and hour knoweth no man ; '' but I can believe that Mother Shipton had sQme in dlstlltct And b&rrHic.; vrcirhne f!rui+tn*v in 7-a«- mind, and which may be realised within the next few yeais. Mother Shipton once said that London would be destroyed, but London, so far as bricks and mortar were .concerned, was. not destroyed, but there was something worse. The inhabitants were destroyed by He Great Plague. Enough for the present Probably another day I may bring some reasons lorward on Scriptnre History for not behevmg Mother Shipton's last utter jsnpe, 1B8L— Ypura truly, OBSERVER. Perab, August 37, 187p. Few Testamkkt Revision. — A jcor jespondent of the London 7'imes says that jCanon Perowne, pmirchiiij* at Whitehall pn Whit Sunday, stated that the revisers pf the New Testament had all but decided to alter die accepted version of 'St. Johu xiv. 16 into ' another Advocate,' instead .of 'Comforter,-' and in like manner at yerse 2.8 to read, ' The Advocate, which js the Iloly Ghost' — a change against which the writer (Mr. James Hildyard) earnestly protests. ' ' '?? Dean ' Alford's amended New Testament (be saysi is a \- lamentable proof tliat ecjiojarship and good taste do not always go together. ' .—pur revised version lias ? doubtless many /rifling inaccuracies, but there are cases jarnere /greater accuracy may be too dearly purchased. . ' ' : »It was one of wbat were called the ?? 1-H»k '' . IqgiM. - ? «?;? ? ? _? ' ?-? ? = ? 