POLITICAL PONDERINGS. NO. 1. (To the Editor of the Singleton Argus.) SIR.— A great deal has been said lately on the education question, and as it now appears to be fast gaining in public interest through- out the country, and especially in this good little town of Singleton, A Working Man may perhaps be pardoned for presenting these his ponderings on the subject. Notwithstanding the great deal that has been said, the majority of persons appear to be as far from having any clear ideas as to the intention of the League as though they had not heard a word on the subject. The reason that this may be attributed to, is the mystification which is kept up by the opponents of the League, through the remark- able tendency they exhibit to twist and twine everything that the League says or does, from its legitimate aim. I believe if the League was to pronounce the moon to be composed of one large mass of chalk, the opposition would immediately inform us that though the League said chalk they meant green cheese. However, there is one thing they are forced to agree with the League on, viz., that education is the choicest blessing that we can bestow upon our children. Being unanimous on this point does it not seem paradoxical, the opposition to com- pulsory education, and, strange to say, those who are the most strenuous in their oppo- sition are the least affected by it. In fact the opposition to compulsory education may truthfully be termed senseless, selfish, and diabolical. Why? For this reason, com- pulsory education does not affect in the slightest those who are doing, and have ever done, their best to educate their children, but it does affect the orphan, the child of the drunkard, and the whole host of neglected children in New South Wales. It is these the opposition would condemn to everlasting darkness, to shame, contempt, the gaol, the gallows, and to hell. And why? Simply because it pleases some to oppose that which, in a great measure, would prove to be the sal- vation of thousands. The League would not compel us to send our children to these pro- posed Free and Secular schools, but it would compel all to educate their children. The law- compels as all to keep the peace. Do the orderly and well-conducted portion of the community feel their liberties infringed, or murmur that it is so? On the contrary, they love such a law, and likewise will they learn to love compulsory education, and hail it as one of the greatest blessings that ever shone on New South Wales. But that which may be termed, the crown- ing, or rather the paradox of paradoxes, is the opposition to secular education. Not that the paradox lay in the opposition, but in the character of the oppositionists. Thus, first, the Roman Catholics have ever affirmed, that in the Protestant Denominational schools the children are taught to believe in the most damning heresies; secondly, on the other hand, the Protestants are ever declaiming against the superstitions and error taught in the Roman Catholic schools; yet in the face of these facts, the whole of the one, and a great portion of the other, unite in approving a scheme, which would be free of any such charges. The Roman Catholic Church, if it really had any genuine compas- sion for the poor children who were so early instructed in heresy, through, which their souls were for ever lost, should hail with de- light such a project as this, which promises that hence-forth the children of this land shall be educated free of heretical dogmas. And Protestants, if protestants, should be rejoiced in furthering a scheme of education which leaves the minds of the children free and untramelled from superstitious error, at least so far as their scholastic exercises would be concerned. The opposition to secular education is unique, and viewing it physically, socially, and morally, it may be said to be without precedent and without parallel. Wonders will never cease, and this is one certainly ex- tending beyond the nine days limit. It might have been fairly presumed that the opinions and interests of each, of the great sects would have been diametrically opposed to each other on this question of secular education, but it appears that some blind infatuation has seized on one or the other. Right and Truth agrees to go hand in hand with fraud and falsehood, and smoke the pipe of peace over the ashes of secular education. If there is such a one as a spirit medium in this town, I should much like through him to inquire what are the opinions of John Knox, on the present state of parties in Singleton. I fear they would he the reverse of flattering to some of the champions of De- nominationalism. It is urged that secular education implies a godless and immoral training. I cannot con- ceive where the immoral element is to arise from, through secular education. The oppo- sition has repeatedly affirmed that it is so, but they have never attempted to show the how, the why, or the wherefore such is the case. But why they have not done so is be- cause the foundations of their affirmations have been, or rather are, as vapoury and un- real as Hamlet's Ghost. I can affirm upon positive fact that the light and hackneyed use of the Bible in school has done more harm to religion than all the infidel books that have been published. Have we not seen the Bible thrown hither and thither, torn, and trampled on in schools? Have we not heard boys make the most pro- fane and lewd comments on certain passages which they would select for the purpose? Are such examples likely to inspire or wed us to Denominationalism as the system which alone can be the means by which our children are to become good Christians? The Bible is indeed the Book of books, the beacon which lights us to sal- vation, but, alas! for the depravity of human nature; even the blessing of God's Word; is ofttimes abused. Secular education would in a great measure not only prevent the abuse of it, but would tend to its being held in more especial reverence, than is generally the case in Denominational schools of the present day. No child receives a religious training in any of these schools. It is a farce to term the repeating of a verse of scripture or a line of catechism a religion training. I question much if those who are making all this outcry against secular education, derived any very great deal of profit from their religious exercises at school. I question much if one of them can truthfully aver that they received their first or any religious im- ressions from their school experiences. There is a wide line to be drawn between morality and religion. Schools in the aggre- gate are highly successful in the moral train- ing of children, but as regards religious train- ing, they almost utterly fail. I would not have any one conceive for a moment that religion should be ignored in any school; no! no! it is necessary in schools as well as out of it, but it should be secular in kind; that is, free from controversial and dogmatical teaching, striving ever to inspire the children with a love for right and well- doing. The greater part of those who are opposing secular education, are persons of little or no religion, striving to thrust their responsibili- ties on the shoulders of others. The religious training of the child is a solemn obligation, resting alone on the parent. How can it be expected by parents who neglect every religious observance in their homes, that their children are to have religion drilled into them at school? It is a mistaken notion. If you really wish your children to grow up good Christians, you must begin the work at home. It is home influences which chiefly tend to form the character of the child; depend upon it, secular schooling with religious and Christian examples at home will do more toward making good sons and daughters, good husbands and wives, and good fathers and mothers, than Denomi- nationalism will or can ever do. The object- ors to secular education are the real enemies of religion, of progress, and the land we live in. Free education — where is the degradation of free education? When and where was it discovered that free education degraded the scholar? I leave the objectors to free educa- tion to inform you. Do we feel ourselves degraded because we do not pay the guardian of the peace for our safety and protection? Yet in England they have to pay for this as directly as we have now to pay for the educa- tion of our children. Do we feel ourselves to be degraded beings since the repeal of the newspaper postage? Surely if free education is pauperising, free protection and free post- age most be equally so. Free anything but free education! Why? Because free educa- tion will be a grand equalizer, a grand leveller of the masses, and the autocratic portions of society feel this; hence the opposition to free education. Free education, degradation! Why the word free is enshrined in the heart of every true Briton. It is the very gem of words, and throws a lustre on all it prefixes. But enough — yet still one more word. Remember, our influence on this great subject bears upon the fate of thousands for weal or for woe, and most assuredly shall we have to give account on the great and final day, for the influence we are now wield- ing, either for or against secular, compulsory, and free education. A WORKING MAN. 