LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. We do not hold oursohen responsible for opinim* expressed by attr C'omxjiumlentii. To the Editor of the Newcastle Chronicle. Sir — xour issue of May 8th is just now to hand, with ' Observer's ' letter of observation* upon my lecture upon ' Tli? Bible confirmed by lteasou,' to which I ought not to reply, inas much as I have long thought that auonymoui letters ought not to be cither read or answered ; because I conclude that dishonesty, cowardice, or unfairness prompts uiem v.im snamc, to uourceai their names. Prophets, apostles, and men of God liavo not withhold their names in their defenc* of the truth. What but shame can move the man who, in his heart says, ' There is ao God,' to do so ? But for weak-minded persons, who ounnot soc this fuct, I would not answer him a word ; but lest the causo of truth suffer in them, I must beg leave to troublo you with a few words in reply. ' Observer ' supposes that the testimonies I have prnrluc*d, relative to the self contrndiction of the celebrared infidels, Tom Paine, Voltaire, and others, has been ex ploded lonir ago, and that I must bo very ignor ant not to be aware of it. So far as th« declara tions of infidelity go to contradict tho testi monies of true and Christian men, they have ; but then, here is the point, which of these two classes are we to believe H Of course, infidels will believe tho exploding infidels ; but we Christians, by thu ltms of truth, still bi'l'icve the tostimony of Christians ax true men, who believe in the true God, and in the truth of God. 'Observer' represents the one, and myself the other. In tho same way, as ' Observer' supposes, my witnesses have been exploded, relative to the selfcontra dictions of the infidels I named in my lecture, he supposes the the fire books of Moses, with the writings of the Prophets and tlie Apostles, to have been exploded. Oh, yes; it is quite ig-. norant and obstinate of us not to be fuily con vinced that Moses, David, Isaiah, Paul, Peter, and John, have been fully exploded, long ago, by rationalism, philosophy, a,nd spiritualism.' Though this should b,e the perverse persua sion of '?' Qbs.er.ver,' yet; still, true men be lief o, firmly believe, that these men wrote and spoke as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. 1 hough 'Observer' supposes that tb.e, PaaJmsof Duvid have had all their eou\ir,an sonse blown out of them by the explosions of ' The Age of Reason,' and a, few breathings from the mouth of \fr. Tyerinun, yet, still true men believe, firmly believe, that ' The spirit of the Lord spake by him, and His word was in his tongue, The God of Israel said, the ltoek of Israel snake to him : Hn that rule th over men. m,ust bo' just, ruling in the fear of God.— 3nd Sam., xxiii., 2, 3\. ' Thus tho difference neocssarily existing be tween an infidel and a Christian is, that the one believes that the truth of God is exploded by the breath of Paine, Voltaire; and Tyerman ; the other believes that the Holy Trinity spok* by Davic1. Therefore, he says — ' ? For ever, O Lord, thy word is settled in Heaven.' .Just so, in a similar way, we, Christians, believo that, what true men and Christians have said and wrote of Paine and Voltaire is true, and th,a,t these testimonials have not been exploded)' by the declarations .. of men wlvp. hko them, are not worthy to .be, Jtea.rd. I have, as opposed to, tLa. sayings of 'Observer,' warfcs published by 'The Beligious Tract Sooiety, ' tho best English authors, and Ameri can writers, that can be named for those last fifty years. Now, wo do not beliove that the breath of infidelity has any more explode! these authors than it has the authority' of the Bible, although infidels believe that both alike are false. So much for my authorities, disputed by' Obser ver.' I have extracted, from extracts by ' Johii Whitecross,' by 'William Blatph,'- by '.Dr. Nelson,' 'The Note' Book,' tty '^W BjeV.' George Cheoyer, P..D,.,' w\A ojt W. authors of equal renowq. Tb,o«.e *il refer us to the most undeniable- evidence of the truth of what they have published. Now, whioh of these two classes of men is to be believed, as they give the very opposite, testimonies , to eaoh other P In some thingg both aro right, /or these . notorious men spoke infidel blasphemy, in the presence of infidels ; but they spoke out of the anguish' of their minds in the presence' of other men ; there fore I pointed out their self-contradiction, \X\ my lecture. From this fact, ntuoh it, trues whioh in fidels have said of infidels -% 04 ia gome things by 'Observer,' W/hi)e we grant this much to ' Observer,' we claim all th* utterances of the Christian men and wbWen as 'true, wh6 haV«' heard from these men the very opposite to what tare ; this joint ' Observer' helps me t» con firm. ; ThatiPftine.and Voltaire tometime. ao. knowlidgedihe Being of a God, ii another ftine I havostatej in ag'reomont with ' Observer ? but th«(; at ilhe'r times they denied tho Being of a God ^ revbled in the Bible, is undeniable. So much ^re these two things evident, namely, the acknowledgment and the denial of the Being of God y t^rns, that the icrvanti and newt bourg of o»e if them said— X.ha the devil wai siok, Tt* divil a monk would be j Bit Then the devil got well, Ih! devil a monk waa he. Thin vrill acutnt for some of the things writtoa by 'Observe^ extracted from the brother ia udals of Pam» »d Voltaire, which are the very opposite to oir ?jliristian brethren's testimoniei concerning tlits} awful men, and most mon strous denierso! the living God, from whose fellowship I pnj\G»d to sava ' Observer,' for His great mere) lake. As to my ' ignorance,' ' arrogance,'' ' rrulBnCe,' and being far ' from being a gentlaran,' &e.;, .this is neither here nor there in thi»question of truth. The fore fathers of ' Obseriy called my Master ' m»d ' and said ' He hai a devil.' Nether did they think him a gentleman, but ' the carpenter1! son.' I am happy ii being one with him in all things. But is ?' Owerver' wise, meek, and humble ? Certainly h« letter has no appesranc* of any such excellenciia ; neither do hi» claim, ing fraternity with Ion Paino indicate much of the gentleman in hin., However, divine jrice is able to endow him with all wisdom, meeknen, and humility far beyotd my poor defective de gree— which is my sino;re desire for him,»hil»t I remain, iir, yours trily, DANIEL ALLEN, Pastor. Sydney, May 11th, 18?5. [This letter must close the correspondence ei this subject.— Ed. JV.C] 