Encyclical of Hhs Holiness to the Pkussian Episcopate. To Our Venerable Brethren, the Arch bishops and Bishops of Prussia. Pius PP. IX. Venerable Brethren, Health and Anos- toncai ijeneaiction. Remembering as We do, the stipulations concluded between this Apostolic See and the Prussian Government, iu the twenty- first year of the present century, for the benefit and welfare of the Catholic cause, We should never have thought possible that which is actually and most lamentably come to pass in your country, Venerable Brethren. To that i-epose and peace which the Church of God was enjoying amongst you theie lias succeeded a grievous and unlooked-for tempest. But the other day there were proclaimed Laws militating against the rights of the Church, and inflicting, by their operation, severe punishments on many of her faithful and conscientious servants, both among the clergy and laity. To those laws there have since been added others, tending to the total overthrow of the Church's Divine Constitution, and the destruction of the sacred rights of the Episcopate. For these laws attribute to lay magis trates the power of depriving the Bishops and other ecclesiastical authorities of their dignity, and of their Episcopal juris diction. These laws have, moreover, placed numerous and enormous difficulties in the way of those called to exercise lawful authority pending the absence of the pastors who rule the flocks. These laws empower the Chapters of the Metropolitan Churches contrary to the Canon Law to elect vicars capitular at the time when the see is not vacant. To mention no other points, do not these laws authorise even the mayors of towns to appoint in the place of Bishops men who are not even Catholics, and to confer upon such men Ecclesiastical property, destined for the support of the clergy and of the churches. Unhappily you, Venerable Brethren, know but too well the mischief, the vexations, and evil treatment occasioned by these laws themselves and by the manner of their execution. We say no more on the subject, because We are unwilling to augment the grief of you all by reminding you of these sad events. But we are unable to keep silence on the subject of the evils that have afflicted the diocese of Posen-Gnesen and Paderborn. Our Venerable Brethren, Micislas, Arch bishop of Posen and Gnesen, and Conrad, Bishop of Paderborn, are still most un justly declared to have forfeited their Sees, and are deprived of their Episcopal autho rity ; their Dioceses, too, remain bereft of the blessed direction of their excellent pastors, and are overwhelmed with dis tress and trouble. It is true indeed that when We remember the words of Our Lord,- We ought rather to congratulate than to pity those.two Venerable Brethren just named : — " Blessed shall you be when men shall hate you, and when they shall separate you and shall reproach you, and cast out your name as evil for the Son of Man's sake." (S. Luke vi. 22.) Those Venerable Brethren have not been terrified at the immiuent danger nor at the punishments with which they were threatened ; not only have they defended the Church's rights, and caused her pre cepts to be respected, but they in common with the other pastors of your country have held it an honor to receive an unjust judgment, and to allow themselves to be punished with penalties appropriate only to criminals. Thereby they have afforded the most brilliant example of virtue, and have given edification to the whole Church. Although we owe to them rather Our loudest praises than tears of pity, never theless the loweriug of the Episcopal dignity, the blows struck at the liberty and at the rights of the Church, the persecu tions inflicted on the Bishops above named and on all their colleagues, require that in virtue of Our Apostolic power given to Us by God, We should raise Our voice in de nunciation of those laws and against the bad actions which they have done, and which they are causing' to be done ; and that We should defend against impious violence with all energy and the Divine Authority the liberty of the Church now trodden under foot. Iu fulfilment of the duty of this Apos tolic See We do publicly declare by this present Encyclical, to all whom it may concern, as also to the whole catholic world, that these laws are null, because they are utterly opposed to the Divine Con stitution of the Church. For it is not to the men of power of this world that the Lord has made subject the Bishops of His Church in all that concerns His sacred service, but to Peter, to whom he com mitted His sheep and lambs (S. John, xxi. 1(>, 17.) Therefore no temporal power, however exalted, has the l-ight to despoil of their Episcopal dignity those who have been appointed by the Holy Ghost to govern the Church. (Acts of tlie Apostles, xx. 28.) To this sad state of things must be added the following fact, which is unworthy of a noble nation, and which, as we may well expect, will be deplored, even by non- Catholics, who are yet impartial observers of events. These laws are excessively harsh, and threaten with the severest punishment those who disobey them. They have the armed force on their side, and they place peacable and inoffensive citizens in the unhappy and pitiable situation of men who are oppressed by irresistible power, merely because their conscience bids them to resist these laws. One would say that such laws are made for slaves constrained to obey by terror, not for free citizens, of whom we may rightly be expected a reasonable obedience. From what We have now said, it must not be imagined that those are excusable who through fear obey man rather than God ; but especially guilty are the sacri legious men who dare to take possession of churches and to perform ministrations therein, relying on the support of the secular arm. Such persons shall not escape the justice of God. On the con trary, We do hereby declare that all those sacrilegious persons, and all who shall in time to come commit similar crimes by usurping an Ecclesiastical mission, shall in virtue of the Canon Law be smitten, dc facto and de jure, with the greater excoin- muuication. We exhort the pious faithful not to assist at any Mass celebrated by those men, nor to participate in the ad ministration of any Sacrament by them, and to avoid their company and their conversation, to the end that the evil leaven may not spoil the good paste. Amidst these tribulations your courage and perseverance have offered Us great consolation under our sorrow. The rest of the clergy and the faithful have imi tated you, Venerable Brethren, in the painful conflict on which you are engaged. So great has been their firmness in safe guarding Catholic rights and duties, so < praiswortliy has been the conduct of each one, that they have drawn upon them selves the eyes of all men, even of those who are most remote, and have won their admiration. How could it be otherwise ? " As great as is the misfortune of soldiers - who have lost their commander, so great is the glory of that Bishop who sets an example to his brethren in the faith." Alas that We are unable to afford you some alleviations in your troubles ! But, renewing and affirming once more Our protest against all that is being done con- ' trary to the Constitution of God's Church : and to her rights, protesting also against . the violence so unjustly resorted to 'in-' your regard, We assure you that Our counsel and Our instructions suited to the circumstances sha'l never be denied": you. Let those who are your enemies know that you commit no offence against royal authority, and do nothing to its prejudice, when you refuse to l-ender to Caesar that which is God's, for it is written, "We ought to obey God rather than man." Let them know that every one of you is resolved to pay tribute to Caesar, and to obey him in all things appertaining to the civil Government, and that not by con straint, but for your conscience's sake. Therefore be of good cheer ; go on as you have hitherto done, fulfilling all "your duties and obeying the law of God, and great shall be your reward ; because you shall have exercised patience, and been unwearied in suffering for the name of Jesus Christ. Look unto Him who hath gone before you in tribulation far greater even than those which you have endured, and who was made subject to the paiu of death — " an ignominious and cruel death— in order that those who believe on Him might learn to shun the favors of this world, and not to be dismayed at its terrors; to love tribula tions for tlie love of the truth, and to fear and fly from the allurements of the earth." He it is who has placed you in the front of the battle, and He will grant you the strength that you need for the conflict. In Him We place all our hopes ; let Us submit to His will and implore His merc3r. You see that what he foretold is already come to pass. " Then trust in Him. He will give you all that He has pro mised. ' In the world ye shall have tribulations, but I have overcome the world.' " With faith in that victory to come We humbly pray the Holy Ghost to grant you His peace and grace. In token of Our especial favor We grant you with all Our heart, and to the whole of your clergy, and all the faithful under your charge, Our Apostolic Benediction. Given at Rome, at S. Peter's, the 5th day of February, in the year 1875, and of Our Pontificate the 29th. Pius PP. IX. Transmission ob the Encyclical. — In reference to the Encyclical to the German Episcopate just published by the Holy See and printed in the Merkur, of West phalia, and reproduced by the Qcr mania, of Berlin, the last-named newspaper con tains the following note : — " The En cyclical was not forwarded to the Prussian Bishops through the usual channel, that is through the Nuncio Apostolic at Munich, nor through the Prussian Post-Oflfloe ; it not having been thought expedient to entrust to the latter mode of transmission a document of such extreme importance. Under the present emergency the Holy Father had recourse to a special person, charged with the mission of a courier extraordinary." 