ir-yV. — _1_ -- - --— rtdiijcna. &. YOUNG Soljpitor, named Leary, died in Auck= lpd a few days ago, and a pettier has declared (in oath thq.t at the'time'. Leary died "l AuGklanc. he saw him, as plainly as in the flesh, sitting in his house at Hamilton. The sett.er, too, declares jie is not a believer in ghosts, A Mas. Bf,ua, a native Maori woman, has ap peared 00 the theatrical stage in New Zealand, - gnd is . spoken of as a pleasing and graceful artiste. The bark of the meJaleuca, or bottle=brush, apparently answers all the purposes of ordinary Writing-paper. On specimens forwarded by Mr. Hogg, of Lake Hindmarsb, Victoria, to several newspaper offices, inscribed with a few lines, the writing is quite legible, and perfectly free from blot or slur. Mr. Re ip, of Oamaru, New Zealand, has reaped 28,000 bushels of oats froin 240 acres of rough, broken land— many pieces yielding over one hundred bushels per acre, with only one bushel of seed. A very curious volume on Freemasonry and Egyptology liaS been beautifully written and illuminated byJVIv. Alexr. Huston, an inmate of the Yarra Bei;d Lunatic Asylum, Victoria. It is proposed to dispose of the manuscript by Art- union. - - A ewe, the property of Mr. James Josephs, of the Carlton, Tasmania, lias given birth to three fine l$mbs this Riid the two preceding years, A correspondent of the Melbourne Argus con jectures that "diphtheria proceeds from the use of kerosene oil in badly-trimmed, badly-cleaned lamps, used in close, ill- ventilated rooms, the poisoning fumes from the smoking lamps injuri ously affecting the delicate, sensitive, predisposed .organs of some children, while adults, from their stronger fihre, and greater freedom of volition, are almost strangers to the attack." The London Templars have resolved on rais ing a fund qf £10,000 for propagandist purposes among the young. Mrs. Lucas, the sister of Mr. John Bright, lias beep elected Grand Viee- Templar. A conference has been held, in London on the Colonisation of New Guinea. Lieutenant Arnot gave the result of his observations during the survey. After a prolonged discussion it was re solved to form a Colonisation Society, and organ ise an expedition of two hundred, volunteers under Government co-operation. Mr. Bright has written a trenchant letter iii reply to a Sheffield captain, in which lie de molishes completely the groundwork of the Tichborne delusion, and severely condemns those who continue to agitate in favour of the convict Orion, Mr. Whalley attempted to compel Mr. Bright to defend his statement before the House of Commons, 1 Bradlaugii has administered a heavy verbal cudgelling to Dr. Kenealy, who at last has found his match in vituperation. The House of Lords hare agreed to request lier Majesty to relinquish the exercise of her pre rogative of creating Peers of Ireland. Sir C. Dilkk's motion in the House of Com mons for a justcr distribution of political power . was last, A movement hasbeen set on foot to secure for the nation the principal works of Mr. George Cruiksliank. The collection embraces 1100 spe cimens, and can be purchased for£3000. Rociiefort has challenged -de Cassaignac to deadlv combat at five paces. The Berlin correspondent of the London Daily Telegraph learns that the Duke of Edinburgh consents to resign to the German Government his right to the throne of Coburg for £80,000 a year, A letter has been published in the London Times from an old Sydney settler, accusing Queensland planters of poisoning niggers whole sale. The Hon. John Robertson, Mr. P, Jennings, Signora Ristori, and a large party, travelled over six hundred miles by rail on Saturday week, in Victoria. The Rev, Dr. Steel denies that the missionary barque Day Spring's boats were fired at at the New Hebrides. A young woman, named Helen Kennedy, has been burned to death, in Sydney, while lighting a fire with kerosene. A telegram states that Mr. Macleay's New Guinea Expedition is reported to have been totally disorganised. At Port Darwin a bag of gold, containing two or three hundred oz., was dropped into eight fathoms of water by a man whilst carrying it on board the steamer. The spot has been buoyed, and the steamer left without the gold. Z1' Mr. David Shannon, squatter, and one of a family of brothers the biggest" men in South Australia, has died. In the Intercolonial Small-bore Rifle contest, Sydney against Adelaide, Sydney won by 27 points, Mr. Malcolm M'Taggart, Police Magistrate, was thrown from his horse and killed near .Llan- illo. station. The deceased died where he fell, being unconscious, and not having spoken after the accident. He leaves a wife and five children, who are residing at Goulburn. A severe shock of earthquake was felt re cently at Toowoomba. The vibration lasted twenty seconds. The L.ondon fund for the relief of the sufferers by the recent floods in France has reached £20,000, In a letter to the executive.committee of the fund, Madame la Marchale de MaoMahon states that G00 -lives have been lost, and 6900 bouses destroyed, the total loss of property being about 100,000,000f. Chiarini's circus, which visited Sydney nearly two years ago, broke up at San Francisco, and Chiarini sold off his stock and returned to Europe. By his Australian and Indian tour he amassed a considerable sum of money, Respecting the value of the New Zealand timber trade, the Auckland correspondent of the Otago Guardian writes as follows: — "From a return recently prepared for the Government I find that we have fourteen saw-mills in full working order, in what is known as the Thames District alone, the totol cost of which, with their plants, has been returned at £106.855 ; while the present value of which the logs in stock in the bush or at the mills is calculated at £64,982. The number of men employed in the mills and forests is 678. There are continuously employed in the timber trade 27 vessels, manned by 82 men; these are, of course, irrespective of the chartered vessels employed for special freights. The total average amount of timber cut annu ally is 27,500,000 feet, the value of which is estimatedat £120,750." Almost as ghastly aa the balloon story (says the London correspondent of the Melbourne Argus ) is the statement that reaches us from Paris, respecting the method of preparing skele tons in that- city, whioli has made our medical students in London very jealous, In the suburbs of Paris it seems there is a huge tank, into which all unclaimed bodies from the Morgue and other places are accumulated, and being well steeped in clflorate of lime, are suffered to grow bare of flesh. After long maceration the art-manufacture begins, " The get up of a skeleton," says Dr. Wynter, who has ferreted out this ghoulish in formation, " is a matter of great skill." The bones must he of faultless Avhiteness, and the articulations so perfect that the skeleton may be placed In A-arious positions to suit the Avishes of the medical students and demonstrators. Ordin ary skeletons fetch £ JO ; but if you are very big, or A-ery small, or peculiarly crooked, your bones, my dear reader, Avjll be all the more A-alu- " able to your family. The most expensive bones that ever were, Avere those of O'Brien, the Irish -Giant, for which the great Hunter paid £800, He diwe the body home in his own carriage to make sure, and boiled it down in his— let us hope — laboratory, and pot in his kitchen. He pre sented the skeleton to the College of Surgeons, where you may see it any day,"; and fee small — in hats and boots though you be — -as you stand beside it, The Detroit Free Press is responsible for the' folloAving !=" Be you on the police force ?" en quired a dilapidated man as he entered the Cen tral Station, Saturday, and addressed a sergeant. He was informed that such Avas the case, Avhen . lie continued, I'm cleau tuckered out, It's that Avife of mipe. I'm a fool — an old fool, sir. I'm fifty and she's twenty, She want's to gad about and I Ayant to stop at home, and if I say a Avord it's the tea-pot, flat-iron, or Avhatever comes handy. I've argued and scolded, and scolded and fit, and here I am, Look at this black eye? Look me all over, mister police force. Once I Avas happy ; now I am busted. She wants nie to go to every pic- nic, and excursion, and festival, and dance, and its killing me -by inches. Then she Ayants a neAv dress to-day, a bonnet to-mor row, and so on, and I've got to get 'em or have a fight. I've stood it all along, but I'm broken noAv. See that 'ere arm— see Avhere she put her teeth in thar this morning, Avhen I would not let her have money to buy a pair of high heeled shoes, Just lay your eyes on that air scar, mister police force." " It's pretty tough," said the ser geant, as he looked. " Tough ! it's UAvfufi per fectly awful to bite me in that way !" continued the old man. " But the end has come. I've got relashuns over thar who \vouldn'l.see me abused, and she's av el come to what's in the house. If anyone comes around here sayin' IVe committed KiiinirlA nr VI i h.i nnpn rprl i 1 1 sh tell 'eiri llOAV it is. mister police force — tell "em I suffered and suf fered, until I had to leave or die. Tell everybody to beware of her ; she looks nice, but she's a verago, a hippercrit — aregular'yaller fox behind the currant bushes." The sergeant promised, and the old man rolled down his sleeves and pursued his journey tOAvards the ferry. A rather good story is told by the Age Avith reference to the capture of Bernard VonSanden, who A\ras sentenced to three years' imprisonment for forgery at the sessions, on Monday last. The detective officer Avho was entrusted with the cap ture could not find anything of Von Sanden's Avhereabouts for some time, though it was known that he Avas not out of Melbourne. The officer in question knew that Von Sanden had a friend another alleged foreign nobleman, and to this man the detective went and said : "I want you ; you have been here long enough. Pack up now and come Avith me." " What do youAvant Avith me ?" replied the man : " I am a genuine gentle- man ; I can assure you, you make one grand mistake. I have not.done anything. My friend the Baron Von Sanden will tell yon I am a gentleman." "I don't believe it," said the officer, quickly jumping at his clue " he surely Avould not corroborate your statement." " I do. assure you, 6ir, you are Avrong. . If you come with me I will pay for a cab and take you to him."" " Very well," said the detectiAre, " I have half-an hour to spare : I will go with you." The foreigner never moved Avith more-alacrity in his life than Avhen he got a conveyance, and the tAvo dnnre to the residence of the Victorian representative of the house of Von Sanden, and on the gentleman in question quickly making his appearance, he was immediately taken into custody by the offi cer. " By gar, then you do not want me," said Von Sanden's friend. "Want you, you fool; not yet. I only Avanted to find your distin guished companion, the Baron." The man then got aAvay as quickly as possible, glad 110 doubt to escape. Christie, who Avas the detective that had adopted the ruse, then marched off his pri soner. We take the 'following from the Argus:— John Denton, Avho was recently rescued by a trading schooner from, a saArago island of the Solomon Group, Avhere he had been a captiAre for eight years, has found relatives in Victoria, under circumstances Avhic'i had to the strange romance of his island experiences. Mr. Carter, of the CroAvn Lands Office, who resides in East- Mel bourne, yesterday, tore up a eopy of the Argus of Wednesday last, containing a brief telegraphic report of the rescue of Renton, and left the pieces lying on the parlour floor. The servant nrivl n/AiAA infr ri J.-f\ aiaav fliamrvm lvvnolio/1 anf vlia gill uuilllllg A&l; IV/ V1V<UI UlU lUVlllj V/A UOUvll VUV UUV/ torn paper, but her eye Avas caught by the bead line, " A white man rescued from savages," and, reading on, she discovered to her great delight and amazement that John Renton Avas her long- lost cousin, Avho had been given up for dead by his family Avhen he was quite a young boy. The girl's name is Margaret Renton, and her father (the uncle of the lost sailor hoy) lives at Am herst. By Mr. Carter's advice, ' Margaret Renton yesterday Avroie to her father acquainting him Avith the startling discovery, and adAdsing him to telegraph to the captain of the Eobtailed Nag, who brought her cousin to BoAven, so that Ren ton may at once knoAV that he has relations liv ing Avho Avill be glad to Avelcome him back to civilization after his long absence in cannibal land. The girl, as may be supposed, is in the greatest possible state of excitement at having made the discoA-eiy of her lost cousin's existence Avhich seems to haAre depended 011 the merest ac- . eideni. Wilkie Collins himself could scarcely havo imagined a more romantic incident. On more than one occasion have we (B rran- gong Chronicle ) been amused with the names painted on carriers' Avuggons and drays, but the latest work of art came under our notice during the Aveek, The name designed for the vehicle was the " Hit or Miss," Avhioh Avords Avere painted on the side with what looked to us like tar, the Avords being divided by a wooden bar, and punct uated in the folloA\ing manner — III | T.OR MI | SS. The artist had eA'idcntly taken more than ordinary trouble OArer the wo k. The Australasian describes the following ex traordinary scene : — The orders of the day were oalled 011, and Nos. 1 to 5 were dispatched with commendable celerity. No. 6, Avhich related to the desirability of calling for tenders for keeping the organ in order, evoked a slight ebullition of feeling — that is to say, speaking in the vernacu lar, a row, Avhich, had it taken place in Parlia ment, Avould haAre called forth- comments in the press Avhich Avould have circulated throughout the colonies, and probably ha\re been alluded to by the English papers as furnishing evidence of our incapacity for self-government. Nos. 7 and 8 were quickly got out of the Avay, but No. 9, re lating to the question of letting the Town-hall 011 Sunday Avas 110 sooner called 011 than a scene arose Avhioh fairly beggars description. We do not intend to "give even an outline of the riot, which Ave suppose Avas meant for a debate, that folloAved. W e Avill confine ourselves to a notice, necessarily imperfect, of its accompaniments. Frequently five or six members Avere on their legs together, roaring, gesticulatingateach other, at the chair, or at large, the Mayor at the same time going through a series of motions Avhich from the end of the chamber resembled mere pantomimic action, Avhilehigh aboAre the deafen ing uproar might be beard the voice of some shilling light bellowing out that its OAvner had risen to Avhat he called a point of " arder." The question of "arder" disposed of somehow or other, this jocular gentleman resumed his seat, and amused himself during the remainder of the sitting by a series of interruptions, occasionally giving point and elegance to his remarks by thrusiing out his tongue. And so the Avrangle went on. It Avas no uncommon thing for two speakers to rise together, and both remain stand ing, notwithstanding the ruling of the Mayor, as to Avhich should speak first. The language Avas occasionally quite in keeping Avith the conduct. One gentleman spoke about " talking rot " " put ting on side," and indulged in other elegant figures of speech, which, although admissible perhaps ip private and select circles, are not usu ally considered suited to the usuages of public debate. It is useless, howeArer, to go further. The whole of the proceedings formed a disgrace ful and degrading exhibition, and as we have good reason to suppose they Avere nothing out of the common, Ave think it is high, time the atten tion of the citizens should be called to such a burlesque of representative institutions. To shoAyhoAV business fares under such circumstances, we may mention that-, although the counoil sat almost three hours, twenty-six orders of the day and. two important notices of motion Avere post poned. A child, chased by dogs, at Parbes, fell dQAvn a Shaft 25 feet deep, Thomas Glen, an old explorer, brother-in-laAV of M'Kinlay, is dead. In France, three million of francs have been voted towards the completion of the Paris Opera House. Under date September 16tli, the folloAving items are to hand from CooktoAvn The news from the Palmer continues to be good. The rush to the Conglomerate Range has turned out fairly, but it is Avorked out through the China men, Avho are still working there. Many China men haAre seized oil claims Avhich have been abandoned by Europeans for the rush, and they are doing well. — A party looking for a new rush were attacked by blacks, and had to abandon their swags and SAvim the river to escape. — The Chinese are still dying on the road to the Palmer. When sick they are left to die. — Quantities of gold are coming in, mostly from the Chinese. — A digger Avas shot passing through Hell's Gates. The outrage is supposed to be the act of a European. — The blacks are troublesome on the new track. They are spearing and eating horses. — The Florence Irving (s.) takes 8000 oz. of gold, including a nugget weighing 14£ oz., the pro perty of a Chinaman. A correspondent of the Toledo Blade , writing from Hastings, Mich., says : — " About ten miles south of this place, a farmer, Avliile driving some cows through a deep forest adjoining his fields, linexneotedlv name nnnn a Invffi buck, stretched x j — . — .r o 7 — out upon the ground, ar d moaning aAvay the last moments of his existence. The animal was evi dently very old, and in a sadly emaciated con dition, so the fact that the farmer immediately put a bullet through its head should rather be looked upon as an act of compassion than other- Avise. Just as he was .t to leave he observed a round lump upon the animal's cide, which so attracted his attention th.-t he stooped to ex amine it. Qiiickly discovering that close under the skin Avas deposited a round, hard body, he used his knife and brought to light a sihrer bul let, such as was used in the olden times for the disclosure of secret dispatches. He carried this curiosity to his house, where, after considerable trouble, he succeeded in. opening it, and found, to his great surprise, that it contained a mes sage written in cypher upon a paper attenuated to a high degree. Otherwise than that the paper Avas slightly discoloured — not sufficiently, ho\v- ever, to obliterate the characters — neither the bullet nor what it enclosed bore any evidence of its late surroundings, or of the vicissitudes through Avhieh it might j: eviously have gone. Several men of science he. e carefully inspected this relic of the past, and are as much at a loss to decipher the message as they are to satisfac torily explain when and how the bullet came to be lodged in the side of the buck." _ A meeting, convened by the Ararious Repub lican and Demo . ;atic clubs in London, Avas held on Sunday, July 18, in Eyde Park, the object being to protest against the grant of £142,000 for the expenses of his Royal Highness, and to petition her Majesty tne Queen not to approve of the vote before all particulars relating to the income and expenditure of the Pri ice Avere laid upon the table of the House of Commons. The day being, fine, and the park well filled, the number that gathered r ound the Reformers' Tree, where the meeting was held, Avas very considerable, and might be given approximately at 7000 or 8000. Mr. Charles Watts having been called on to pre side, briefly announced the object of the meeting and then resigned the platform to Mr. Charles Bradlaugh, who gave an address Avhich was fre quently cheered, in which he argued vigorously against the proposed grant. The meeting, at the conclusion of his address, Avas almost unanimous in support of the petition and protest ; but an amendment to the contrary Avas moved by Mr. Sydney Shadbolt, and seconded by Mr. Warren, neither of Avhom could obtain a hearing in spite of Mr. Braudlaugh's earnest endeavour to secure one for them. Their amendment was lost by an overwhelming majority and the meeting quietly separated. 