LOCAL AND GENERAL. THE BLESSING OF ST. MARY'S, BUNGENDORE. By oub Special Reporter. On Sunday last His Grace the Coadjutor- Arch bishop blessed the addition recently made to the Roman Catholic Church at Bungendore. He had arrived in Bungendore on the Thursday previouB, as tho gnost of Mr. John Dwyor, of Ashby. On Saturday, the Archbishop confirmed 110 persons at St. Mary's, that number making upwards of one thousand porsons confirmed daring his tonr through the southern portion of the arch-dioceso. St. Mary's Church at Bungendore is now a handsomely designed edifice, capable of contain ing about four hundred persons. It is faith fully built of stone from the local qunrrios, with quoins, etc., of white Wingello stone. The con tractors for tho addition were the same rb those for the original portion of tho church, viz., Messrs. Priest and Smith, of Bungendore. Tho chancel window, the gift of Mrs. T. Shannhan, jun., a handsome one of stained glass, is the very creditable production of MoBsrs. Fowkner and Ashurn, of Sydney. On Sunday, at eleven o'clock, raasB (the fourth ono celebrated that morning) was celebrated by the Archbishop's chaplain, the Rev. Mr. Collins. The attendance was exceedingly nuraorous, the building being thronged. Immediately before the reading of the epistle for the day, the Rev. Mr. McAuliffo, of Queanbeyan, the clergyman in pastoral ohargo of the Bungendore district, made a financial statement regarding the cost of the Into additions to tho church. Their cost had been £528 10s. 2d., to meet which only £391 16s. 6d. had as yet been subscribed. His Grace read the epistle for the day (1 These, iv., 1-7) and tho gospel (Matt, xvii., 1-9), and then de- livered a sermon of which I enclose a report. Before giving tho report, I must be allowed to mention that no report can givo any notion of the majestic presence of Dr. Vaughnn, bis simple but powerful eloquonce, tho fascinating charm ol his manner — to realise these things he must be hoard, not read abont. I subjoin the sermon : — Dearly Beloved, — These words from the epistle " this is the will of God, your sanctifi- cation," seem to me to sum up in brief the spirit of the teaching of the Church ; and, well would it bo for us if we wero to seek more earnestly after sanctification. The Church — and she has had a vast experience — in teaching us that tho wilt of God is our sanctification, is giving us all assist ance in what should be our onward and upward course to heaven. The Church brings before our recollection in due order certain grand events tbat'she may stimulate our thought, and so help ns, and 1 should be going out of my way srere'l to seleotany other topics for my discourse than those contained in the gospel and epistle \ and prayers for to-day. Lot us see, then, what ri(0) is that sanctification of which the epistle speaks f v And we shall bss clearly enough what it is if we look at the prayers, epistle, and gospel of the 4ay. The colleot appeals to God who seeth us to bo destitute of strength to keep us both in wardly and outwardly. Now,' no parson waa aver made holy, unless he bad first admitted, in the spirit of the words oftho collect, that ho needed sanctification, -that he was weak and worthless and utterly incapable of doing any one good thing whatever of himself, and had also ad mitted that all strength is from God, in whom all perfection is, and from whom oil perfection springs. It is only the Holy Spirit of God who of His grace con make us good, and load us on in | goodness, protecting us the while from both onr inside and outside enomies. And. we must humble ourselves bofore Him who senroheth tho reins and knowoth tho very secrets of our hearts, endeovonring to prepare within ourselves an abiding place for tho Holy Ghost by emptying ourselves of self, and so making ready mom for that gracious strongth which God will truly give us. God will give it. He knows our weaknesses and will give us His aid— His loving and efficacious graco— so that protectod by it we may become day by day more freo from the snares of Satan, from the mnxims of tho world, from our own evil inclinations— and a man s worstfoesare those of his household frompride, and from all the vain imaginations of our sensunl nature. O, be assured we oannot protect our selves. And that assurance is the key-note of the introit. "Remember," cries tho royal Psalmist, "O Lord, Thy compassions and Thy mercies which are from the beginning, lest at any time our enomios rule over ns. To Thee, O Lord, have I. lifted up my bouI ; in Thee, O my God, I put my trust, let me not be nohamed." Let us not be ashamed! Yes, lot us ask that no one of us may ever be in such a position as to shrink from Thee, O God ; to turn away from Thee and hide like Adam did amongst tho trees of Paradise. Tho whole servico for to day speaks in the samo tone. The gradual nnd the tract speak of having confidence in God, that He will subdue our enomies under us ; that Ho is in very truth the stay of the soul— the support of the heart. Tho grndual owns that troubles are multiplied, but still cries— " deliver mo from my necessities." The tract confidently asserts— " Give glory to the Lord, for He is good." Yob, mark that, Ho is good. Whatever enemy may assail— however insidious may be that enemy's attack— fear not, He is good ! "Who shall set forth all His praise?" What creed can be more beautiful than believing that God is good? What can be more devotional in spirit — what can be more Christian— than to ac knowledge our own incapacity, and to feel that we are supported by Divine grace, and that wo are being lifted up thereby to see Him in His beauty, and to know Him as Ho is. The open- inf of the eye of the soul to God is the seed ol sanctification. As with a flower, the opening ol Uoair f.n Km licbt nroenres for it nil thnt makes a flower a flower, so opening the eye of faith to the Divine light procures for a man all that makes a man to be in truth a man— a being ro- joicing in the gift of God's most holy graco. And to-day's Gospel completes the lesson. It tells of Christ's transfiguration, nnd of the voice from Heaven then heard— "This is My beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased : hear ye Him. rhe Epistle tells us of the precepts of Josns, by whioh we ought to walk, and the Gospel soys, " Hear ye Him." Sanctification results from emptying ourselves of self, and from being re plenished with God's graco. But whence does it spring from? Not from ourselves, but from that place whence eometh every good nnd perfect gift, from the Father of Lights ; from Him who dwelleth in glory ; from Him who croated all beautiful things by the fiat of His power— from that one grand, noble source whence flows all that rejoices the heart, tho ear, tho eyo, or the imagination of man — from the other side of tho gate's of Heaven— from the Presence, from the Throne of Glory and Benediction — from God Himself, the source of holiness. God's self is holiness, since God could not bo God if he wore not holv. Yes. as honour nnd justice and wisdom flow from God, bo also does sanctificn- tion well forth from His everlasting hills, and flow down upon us, filling the valleys with His benediction. There is not ono saint who now rejoices in the bea'ific vision of God but was, and is, kept holy by God's grace, but who drew every drop of that graco from its primal source, the heartofGod. And tho cherubim, the seraphim all tho heavenly dominations and powors who have been benutiful for ages in His sight — there is not one of them bnt who received every drop of graco, every spark of glory from God Him self. And all the saints who are still on earth— those who have dedicated all to God — these while living, loving, serving, cannot claim as their own one single act, one single ejaculation, ono single flight of thought. In every temptation success fully combntted by them the stroke is given by find. Yes. all holiness proceeds from the spirit jf grace. From the first moment a child is taught beside its mother's knees to lisp tho names of Jesus and of Mary to the last hour of its life— to whatever ago it may be spared to come — every good action of its life is the result of the grace of the Holy Ghost. That is where sanctification comes from. The Gospel of to-day tells the story of the Transfiguration, of how Jesus took three of his apostles and brought them up into a high mountain apart, where he was transfigured before them. It was a marvel lous scene, so wonderfully glorious that the threo who witnessed it felt that nothing could possibly be more glorious than to remain where they were. Entranood with the splendour and the bennty, Peter rapturously oxclaimed, "Lord.it is good for us to be hero." No wonder he was entranced. There, in the Heavenly Light, was Moses, the pattern of the Law— there was Elias, tho great Prophet — and there, too, was tho Mastor of the new Covonant. Good 1 It was good for them. And Poter asked, " Let ns make hero throe tabernacles, one for thee, and one for Moses, and one for Elins." Bnt tho voice out of the olond said, " Henr ye him ! " Hear Him who is the source of all grace, all glory, the beloved Son in whom the Father is well pleased. Carry yourselves by his standard and then your sanoti- fioation will bo complete. Jesus is the source of sanctification. He walked on earth a man, though without sin, and was the most perfect pattern of sanctification ever offered by God to man. You alt know that a saint is one who exercises great moral influenoe. If saints really possesB sanctity they manifest it. It is gener ally felt to be ploasant— to be good— to be near such men, and this in a small way is the same tinrf of fchint? ns haDDened at the Transfiguration. A veil was withdrawn for a moment — the veil which hides God's most marvollous purity and excellence from his creatures. One moment be fore, the selected three had seen the face of a man, and then— O see the power of sanotity— the veil is withdrawn and the face of Jesus shines as the sun — aye, even his garments become white as snow. Seeing the beauty of Jesus is it strange that Peter declares — " It is good to be here?" We, too, by faith, may have glimpses of the same scene, and look with Peter, James, and John upon Christ's glorified JaceaB He stands upon the mount of transfiguration be tween Moses, the master of the old covonant, and Elias. the great prophet of the things con- corning Him, We, too, can kneel in adoration and reverence Jesus as tho fountain head of all sanctification, and as the perfect picture and glorious type of all that sanctification can do for a man. We," however, can do more than Peter could. We may build ono tabernacle — " One for Thee. You here to- day need not say let ns build ; your church is built for Him. We have no need to build for Moses ; Moses is in the bettor taber nacle, not built with hands. Nor need we build for Elias. He enjoys tho vision of his Maaer. And there would be no need to build for Jesus, but that he has graciously vouchsafed to dwell with us and be our God. We, therefore, are more graced than Peter was, since we can build a tabernacle for Him, in which His real presence will absolutely deign to dwell. Peter bad to walk down from the glory of the mount of trans figuration — he had to witness his Lord and Master ornoified between two thieves, while wo can have Him with ua every day that we a,low onr soula to bo the instrument! of Hia moat Holy Spirit, tot u» than ovar remember to strive to keep pure and white our baptismal robes, by receiving Him— God's own Beloved Son, the fountain of all grace, the model of all perfection. Coine to these altar rails— come with nil your trials, and what home is there without trials— como and learn, as ynu receive from Josus Christ the support you need, that He is a God of lovo and consolation. In this way we Bhall gain glimpses of the beatific vision — earnests of the time when, all veils withdrawn, we shall see Him face to face. And if so receiving Him we work and love nnd livo, our days will be blessed with His goodness. Aye, and in the matter, .too, of. temporal blessings, thoy will light down upon us from Him from whom all blessings flow. Let mo trust that this day you will give this building free to God. I know — nnd it is a great consolation to me to know — how generously you have contributed to make it the clean, pretty church it is— and how one of you has had orocted that bright window, containing the picture of the Virgin with the infunt Christ in hor arms— n sweet symbol of Love and Faith— but still I should- like you to com plete tho work this day. Give Jesus 'this tabernacle wholly. Not a bit of stone, not a piece of boarding should be loft with any debt, incumbrance, or claim. Say to Him, " To Thoe we wholly dedicate it as Thou O Lord Christ didst wholly dedicate Thyself for each one of us to save us from our Bins." Say so, and do so, and you will go to your homes happy. A collection was then made by which the whole amount required to liquidate the debt was obtained. Archbishop Vanghan left for Parago, en route for Goulburn and Sydney, on Sunday afternoon. He was escorted out of town (as ho had been welcomed in) by a large cavalcade. 