MR. BRIGHTAND MR. GLAD STONE. T? the right of Mr. Lowe I see a figure which, foreshortened from my point of view, is chiefly distinguishable by a hat and pair of boots. Without there being an absolute Quaker about the cat of the hat or garments, there is breadth about the former and a looseness about the latter suggestive of Q raker associations. Per haps if my idea were mercilessly analysed it would appear that it has its growth in the knowledge that I am looking down on Mr. Bright, and that I know Mr. Bright is of Q raker parentage. But I am jutting down my impressions as I receive them. Mr. Bright does not address the House to-night, but he has made one or two short speeches this session, and Ohiltern, who has heard them, speaks quite sorrowfully of the evidence they give of failing physical power. The orator who once used to hold the House of Commons under his command, with as much ease as Apollo held in hand the fiery coursers of the chariot of the suo, now stands before it on rare occasions with a manner more nervous than that in which some new members make their maiden speech. The bell like tones of his voice are heard no more ; he hesitates in choosing words, is not sure of the sequence of his phrases, and resumes his seat with evident gratefulness for the renewed rest. Chiltfrn adds that much of this nervousness is probably owirg to a sensibility of the expecta tion which his rising arouses in the House, and a knowledge that he is not about to make the "great speech" which has been looked for ever since he returned to his o'd place. But at best the matchless oratory of John Bright is already a tradition in ttie House of Commons, and it i3 but the ghost of the famous Tribune who now nightly haunts the Bcene of hi3 former glories. Mr. Gladstone was sitting nextto Mr. Blight, in what the always smiling and obliging attendant tells me is a favorite attitude with him. His legs were stretched out, his bands loosely clasped before him, and his head thrown back, resting on the cushion at the back cf the seat, so that the soft light from the illuminated roof shone full on his upturned face. It is a beau tiful face, soft as a woman's, very pale, and worn, with furrowed lines that tell of labor done and sorrow lived through. Here again I am conscious of the possibility of my impres sions being moulded by my knowledge of facts ; but I fancy I see a great alterafion since last I looked on Mr. Gladstone's face, now two years ago. It was far away from hero, in a big wooden building in a North Wales town. He was on platform surrounded by grotesque men in blue gowDs and caps, which marled high rank in Celtic hardship. At that time he was the nominal leader of a great majority that would not follow him, and Presideat of a Ministry that thwarted all his stops. Ms face looked much harder then, and his eye glanced rest lesslj round, taking in every movement of the crowd in the pavilion. He seemed to exist in a hectic flush of life, and was utterly incapable of taking rest. Nsw his face, chough still thin, has filled up. Ttie lines on his brow and under bis eyes, though too deeply furrowed to be eradioable, have been smoothed down, and the Pope being, let us hope, finally slain, ther6 is about his fac9 a sense of peace and a pleasant look of rest, Ohiltern says that sometimes, when the right hoa. gentleman has been in the House this session, he has, during the progress of a debate, momentarily sprung into his old attitude of earnest, eager attention, and there have been critical moments when his l iter position in debate has appeared imminent. But he has conquered the impulse, lain back again on the bench, and let the House go its own way. It is very odd, Ohiltern says, to have him sitting there silent in the midst of so muca talking. — Qrcntlcni in'iS Magazine, 