TALKING BORES. [London Globe.] Perhaps none of the arts which affect our social comfort has so much influence over IN as the art of conversation. When it has been duly cultivated, with the same care that one is wont to devote to music, drawing, and the like, it exerts a charm at least equal to those of the most stereotyped "accomplishments;" but as conversation rarely is cultivated in a systematic manner, we fear that in the majority of cases its exercise results in a vast amount of annoyance to the more intellectual of those who are compelled to play the part of listeners. The misery which it is in the power of a single voluble Walker to inflict upon his fellow creatures is immense and too little is made of the vast responsibility incurred by those who are venturesome enough to open their mouths in a large company. It must he admitted that, as a rule, with very few exceptions, great talkers are great bores. Hardly one in a thousand is capable of uttering twenty consecutive sentences without showing cause for his immediate and decisive suppression. And as such just punishment never, or rarely, overtakes the talking bore, it is needless to observe that those who are unable to relish conversation without a whole- some infusion of sense and wit suffer a great deal of unmerited annoyance. He would be a bold man who should assert that the average conversation of the present age is distinguished either for sound sense or for wit. Of course we cannot expect a hostess to be always providing a George Selwyn or a Theodore Hook for the entertainment of her guests and as for talkers of the calibre of Johnson and Coleridge, it may be doubted whether our over- strained powers in these busy days would be equal to the task of hearing them patiently. But setting aside talkers of the highest excellence, we question whether we should hold our own in comparison with our grandfathers and our ancestors. Successful diners-out, and fair average speakers at a club, or evening party, no doubt we have by the thousand. Given a sample of almost any required product, and the nineteenth century willbeableftoreproduce into an unlimited extent; but in too many instances the product is of an essentially mediocre kind-the sort of mock sample which we have come to designate by the title of Brummagem. The diner- out can talk just as much as we choose to let him. But his stream is comparable in too many cases to the continuous outpouring of a pump, rather than to the pleasant and capricious jets of a fountain. His one requisite is a good pair of lungs and if these be supplemented by a varied intonation, and a cheery laugh to draw attention to what are intended as the speaker's lighter veins, his success in an ordinary assembly is assured. The subject is immaterial. It may be himself, spiritualism, grouse shooting, whatever he will people will always be found to listen, and hostesses to cultivate his acquaintance. Of all the talking bores that infest the social world, the most insufferable are the men of one subject. The man of one book is, indeed, frequently superior in intelligence and attainments to those who have frittered their energies over the title-pages of a thousand ; but may the fates preserve us from the man of one topic in conversation ! A wager was recently made by two or three men that they would not be ten minutes in a friend's presence before he gave them his ideas upon barnacle geese. It was agreed that one of them should allude to a rifle match which had just taken place in the neighbourhood, and that he should then be allowed to take up the running. This was done, and he fell into the trap most beautifully. He began by assenting to what ttuTlast speaker had said, and then observed that the day had been very suitable for the sport that there was not a breath of wind that it was uncommonly difficult to shoot in a high wind, especially with a light charge that he varied his charge with the will that he had shot in some of the highest winds that he remembered staying with a friend in the North, and having an excellent day's sport in very stormy weather that out of the whole of their splendid bag there was nothing he was more proud of than a fine barnacle goose, which-etc. The wager was easily won, and in the most natural manner possible for once let him start on the subject of shooting, he is tolerably certain to arrive at the barnacle goose. On this and a few similar topics he is eloquent, and perhaps on the first hearing endurable ; but no sooner is one of his props removed than he lapses into hopeless taciturnity. An occasional " Ah," "Just so," "Did he really 1" is then all that can by any means be extracted from him. Everyone has sometimes the misfortune to sit for some consecutive hours in the company of half-a-dozen voluble talkers. The first hour is perhaps occupied by anecdotes from two or three of the interlocutors on the subject of spiritualism, ghosts, and the mysterious generally. Then the conservation happens to turn upon bicycles, in regard to which another couple, who have hitherto had little to say for themselves, boast a special knowledge and concerns. For nearly an hour they keep up an animated discussion on the use and abuse of bicycle riding, on the proper construction of the vehicle on the most recent public matches, and so forth ad nauseam ; the rest being in the meantime simply hustled out of the conversation by the volubility of these experts. In the third hour a third topic is introduced, and run to earth by three men in a similar manner. Their aim is to make up for their former exclusion ; while those who have already had their innings maintain a dogged silence. Such men as these have a supreme contempt for one whose conversational power is general and critical, and they talk him down without mercy. They regard him, perhaps, as a fussy fellow, who wants all the talk to himself ; they let his remarks fall flat, and vote him nothing better than a bore. If he confesses ignorance i on the particular subjects which they affect they treat him with magnanimous pity and possibly some one will offer to loan! him his Ritchard Calendar, of his " Treatise on Fly Fishing." Meeting no lack of hearers in their way through the world, they never come to recognise them, selves as the veritable bores. It is only when such a one happens to be stranded in a company of genuinely good talkers that he finds his own level, and confesses for a moment in the depths of his heart what a vain babbler he really is, MARAVILLA COCOA. TAYLOR BROTHERS, London, having the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite comparison with any other Coom for Purity due Proina- Sauativo, Nutritive and Sustaining Power. One trial will establish it as a favourite Beverage for breakfast, luncheon, and a Soothing Refreshment after H late evening. MARAVILLA COCOA, The Globe says, "TAYLOR BROTHERS ' Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough success, and supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others. For consumers of Cocoa, especially Invalids and Dyspeptics, we could not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." For further favourable opinions vide Standard, Morning Post, British Medical Journal, are., to. HOMOIOPATRIO COCOA. This original preparation, which has attained such a world-wide reputation, is manufactured by TAYLOR BROTHERS,' under the ablest homoeopathic advice, aided by the skill and experience of the inventors, and will be found to combine in an eminent degree, the purity, fine aroma, and nutritious property of the fresh nut. SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, made in one month, without boiling The above article! are prepared exclusively by TAYLOR BROTHERS, the largest manufacturers in Europe, and sold in tin-lined packets by Storekeepers and others all over the world. MUSTARD TAYLOR BROTHERS' celebrated " Challenge " brand is prepared from the Choicest Seed by a patent process which prevents fermentation, and at the same time retain the pungency and purity of flavour to a degree which no other process can accomplish. The double superfine quality II especially recommended, steam Mills, Brick Lane, London. Export Chicory Mills, Bruges, Belgium. 8 0-70 