HORRIBLE TRAGEDY IN FLIN DERS LANE. One of those shocking occurrences which periodically horrify society was enacted in the heart of the city on Friday. Shortly after G o'clock two loud reports in quick succession were heard in the neighbourhood of a cottage 134 JcJinaers lane east, and a crowd quickly col lected. The constable on duty at once hurst open the door of the house, and on entering a bedroom off the passage saw a shocking sight. The room was full of smoke, and dimly seen were the bodies of a man and woman lying on the bed. The sheets and blankets were covered with blood, which was pouring in a stream on to the floor. The constable turned the body of the man over, and then made the discovery that more than one-half of the head was blown com - pletely off. On the floor was found a recently- discharged six-chambered revolver, covered with blood and brains. The woman was found to be unconscious, and bleeding profusely from a gunshot wound in the right temple. She was promptly removed to the hospital, where, after a short time, she recovered sufficiently to narrate the circumstances attendant on the affair. Deceased, whose name was John Man- kiwicy, was a Prussian by birth, and at the time of his death had just passed his forty-second year. Exactly a year ago on Friday he married the woman Alice Buckley, and since that time he appears to have led a nomadic sort of existence, being chiefly supported by his wife. Although she led a questionable life, he appeared to be inordinately fond of ber, and at times was overcome by fits of jealous rage, during which he made threats of violence if he found proofs of her faithlessness. Lately he had ill-treated her, and this caused a separation. She still retained possession of the house, however, and he visited her at short intervals. During the past week he was reduced to pawning his clothes, and on Friday morning his wife gave him a sovereign to relieve his wants, at the same time telling him to take his overcoat out of pawn. He then left, and nothing" more was heard of him until about 6 o'clock in the evening, when he returned and knocked at the door. A little girl, about seven years of age» opened the door, and he asked for his wife, who was dressing in the bedroom. The child called out that a gentleman wanted to see her, tistit hftJJien queried .the, door .and walked in, .... His wife was m the act of putting on her dress, .and advanced to meet him, but he turned round and locked the door. She was somewhat alarmed by his manner, mid asked kini what was the matter. He caught heiv by the arm, and shouted out, " Here ' is your money, " at the same tiiff e throwing some silver on the bed. She struggled to get free and he struck her on the face, and threw her on the bed saying, " We have been married twelve months to-day, and will have an end of it." Putting his hand into one of his pockets, he pulled out a revolver, and before she could get out cf the way, fired it point- blank at her head. After this she remembered nothing more until she recovered at the hospital. The woman escaped with slight injury, the Slnp nf n<au fo on i.1, » ...— uoxug OGUI U11CU. H iUll LUC? tJAj/IU- sion, which caused the blood to flow. It is supposed that the chamber wliicli was fired at ber was loaded only with powder. Finding that she fell down insensible, he imagined that his purpose had been effected, and he then deliberately put the pistol into ins mouth, the result being that the whole of one side of the head was carried clean away. The walls, floor, and bed were spattered over with blood and brains, and the corpse, as found by the constable, presented a sickening sight. A letter, which was found on the right- hand side of the body, showed plainly that deceased had contemplated the nliirder of his wife and subsequent suicide. The letter was of an extraordinary character, containing charges against his wife, couched in a tone of raving, and intimating his intention j of blowing out his brains before her, so that his ; " mangled carcase" might ever be in her sight, and his ghost might, if possible, return, and ; drive her to madness. j The inquest on the body of the unfortunate I man was held by Dr. Youl onSaturday, attheGal- I way Arms HoteL From the tragic surroimdings j ofthesuicide, considerableinterest was manifested in the proceedings, and while the inquest lasted a crowd- of eager and expectant neighbours blockaded every passage leading to the room. The wife of deceased was the first witness ex amined, and she gave her evidence without dis playing that nervousness or agitation naturally to be expected under the circumstances. Al though the fact did not transpire at the inquest, it is asserted that she was dragged out of the river about fourteen months' since, after a futile attempt to commit suicide. In effecting her rescue one man lost his life, and a second had a narrow escape. On her appearance in court to answer the charge of attempting sui cide she was seen by the man Mankiwicz, who conceived a sudden and violent passion for her, wdiieh ended in the marriage which has just terminated in such a terrible manner. The woman herself is tolerably ffood-looknm. rather inclined to embonpoint , and over such a man as deceased would appear to have been she must have exercised a fascination. From her evi dence it was shown that deceased was fully cog nisant of the immorality of his wife, and although a majority of the jury ruled that he died by his own hand while of sound mind, it is evident that he suffered from a species of morbid passion or excess of sentimentality, which oftentimes carried him beyond himself. The body lay in precisely the same position as that in which it was found by the constable, a ghastly mutilated heap, in the centre of a bloodpool, and no alteration was made in the disposition of the furniture. The attention of the police will be directed to the subject of per mitting these houses of accommodation or as signation to exist in the centre of thickly- populated localities, and some good will there fore result out of the melancholy affair. The following is the evidence : — Alice Mankiwicz, deposed : Deceased was my husband. His age was forty-two, and he fol lowed no particular occupation. I had been married to him exactly a year, and was sepa rated from him for a week prior to his death. I D n IT? LifM A 4 1 OUUaL T7..1 A _ .CJ _ i oa,w mill «u a u uiuoiA on AiTUity aiLei'nooii, ana he asked me if I had any money. I said ' 4 J ohnny, here's a sovereign lor you. " He said, " That's a good girl. Now I'll go and take my overcoat and two Crimeanshirts out of the pawn." I told him he couldn't get them out without the pawn tickets, and he then went away, saying as he passed out that he would see me again at 6 o'clock. At 6 o'clock I was dressing in the bed room, and a little boy, about seven years of age, beard a knock and opened the front door. My husband then came down the passage, and en tered the bedroom door, turning round and lock ing the door. He struck me in the face, and I fell on the bed. There was something frightful in his look, and I turned away my head. He said, " Look here, Alice, we have been married twelve months, see this," showing me a tress of my hair which he had plaited round his finger on our wedding day. I looked up at his face, and then saw that he had a pistol in his hand. I said, " For God's sake, Johnny, spare me, and I'll be a good true "wife to you." I then felt a rush of wind, and a loud noise, and could remember nothing more until I woke up, when I saw the dead body of my husband lying on the floor. I was covered with blood, and rushed to the door, screaming that mv husband had killed himself. Two or three neighbours came to the door, but went away again, and then the constable came. Deceased and myself kept an hotel at Hotham, but of late he had been unfortunate, and had been compelled to pawn bis clothes. He was very jealous, and ill-treated me often. We separated by mutual consent, and he promised the constable on the beat that he would not inter fere with me in any way. I was offered a good situation at Wodonga as barmaid, but deceased refused to let me go. To a juror : The Mr. Crovle alluded to in a letter left by deceased was a brewer's traveller of whom deceased was jealous, but he had no cause to be. Constable Michael Slattery deposed : I was sent for to 13S Flinders lane on Friday night. In a back bedroom I saw the body of deceased lying on his back in a pool of blood. Part of Ms head was blown completely off. At his right hand was a small single- barrel pistol, re cently discharged, and covered with blood. The bed and floor were also covered with blood. On the floor was discovered a paper of shot (evidently manufactured by himself or a novice). The shot were small bullets, m fact, with romdi uneven edges where they had run in the mould. On the small finger of the right hand was a ring of plaited hair, and beside the hand was a letter in the handwriting of deceased. The body ws found lying in the position as it lies at present. The last witness was sitting on a chair, partly dressed, and looked as though she bad out of bed. She was covered with Hood- ami = I brains from, the hips downwaixls, I William Lambert, a 7/oitng lad about eight years, of age, deposed that the- house in which the suicide took place belonged to his mother. The house was previously occupied by two " French ladies," but they were turned out,- and 110 other person lived there until Mrs. Mankiwicz entered into occupation. . Witness lived with his mother at the back of the hous-, On Friday night witness, was in the house when deceased knocked, and he opened the d- Witness then went away, leaving deceased along with his wife. Elizabeth Franks, widow, deposed that she lived next door to the house occupied by de ceased and his wife. On Friday evening she -was -washing— -in - her - -yard, and saw- Mrs, Mankiwicz rush out ok the house with her clothe. ; covered with blood. The remaining portion of this evidence was unimportant. 1 nn .... - _ , J J-1, 1 JLXlG coroner xicxc xectu. bile xcot/UL piuuutuu uy the constable, after wMch the following questions were asked The coroner ; Did you sityep at the Belvidere ? Mrs. M. : Never in my life. A juror : Was your husband cogllii?ard Ike life you were leading ? - Mrs. M. : Yes ; and he married me with a lull knowledge of my previous history. Carter Godfrey, salesman to L. Levy, mis cellaneous depOt, Stephen street, identified the deceased as a man to whom he sold a pistol for 4s. on Friday last. Deceased represented him self as an actor at the Theatre Royal, and wanted an old pistol. He was quite sober, and presented a sovereign in payment, receiving I6s. change. A bottle merchant, named John Day, also gave evidence, and stated that he was agent for Mrs. Lambert, who rents the house in which the suicide occurred. Mrs. Mankiwicz came I into the house about a week ago, succeeding a j Mrs. Cleary as caretaker of the house, which was -furnished. She was not a tenant, and only lived there 011 sufferance. Witness cleared out Mrs. Cleary at ail hour's notice in consequence of her haying "kicked up a row in the middle of the 'night,'' The place, "although not exactly a brothel, was let to single women. " Subsequently he admitted that it was a brothel, and that it belonged to Mr. Rule, of RiclimoncL A juror suggested that the police should take- some action towards the suppression of the brothels wMch existed in the neighbourhood . Mr. Sargood, he understood, had purchased " \ erbena Cottage" for £700, for the purpose of eradicating the nuisance which had always . existed in connection with the house being used as a brotliel. The Coroner pointed out that everything was provided for by law. If the residents in the neighbourhood found that brothels existed, all they had to do was to present a petition for their suppression, and the police would attend to it. A "illTOr fVbsPVVfifl tllfli. FHnrLiro lono peculiarly favoured by the presence of a large number of "respectable" brothels, and that being a married man with several children, he would, seize the opportunity of bringing this fact under the notice of the police. The coroner ftlien remarked that this class of property usually fetehed higher rents thru when let to respectable tenants. Immorality was in such a case more profitable than Virtue. The Dean of Westminster had opposed certain reforms in England, and it was subsequently dis covered that he derived a large rental from several houses of doubtful repute owned by him self. In the present instance it was clear that respectable citizens were exposed to coiisfdera1 -le annoyance from the fact that many apparent y respectable habitations were the resort of showily-dressed prostitutes, and he trusted that some reform would be introduced, and that speedily. Personally he had known that Tie house in which the tragic occurrence was c< 11- summated had been used as a brothel for seme years past. A verdict was subsequently returned "That deceased shot liimself while of sound mind. " The unhappy man left a letter behind 1 1 _ 1 l_ 1 _ 1 - mm, m wnicn ne cnargea one or two people I name with improper conduct with his wife. Of course we did not publish the communication, which bore insanity 011 its face. The name of the Belvidere hotel was mentioned, and Mr. E. Many, the landlord of that establishment, states that the persons referred to were never in hi; house, separately or together, on any occasion. Alice Mankiwicz, the wife of the unfortunate fellow who committed suicide in Flinders iane on Friday evening, was brought before the City Bench on Monday on a charge of hairing threat - ened to commit suicide. The only evidence against her was that she had been indiilgin -< in drink, and from her well-known violent disposi tion when under the influence of liquor iff was feared that she would attempt her own life. The Bench remanded her till Friday. 