SYUXEY. (FHOM OUU OWN COaitK.srON'DRST.Il 10th July, 1875. ? Parliament is still sitting, and another vote of eenmre is impending. Mr Parkes is going to. attack Mr For ster's distii-.iution 01 tlie deposits among the banks from another quarter, alleging by resolution 'that it was con trary to ?the law as laid Uowu iu the Audit Act. This des perate perseverance of the late Premier to get back to office, proloucriurr the se^lou week niter week, without auy probability of r.hakiug otf from the shoulders of the country the incubus of the BobertMin-Forster govern-' meat, aud restoring tlie b'essmirs of a Parkcs-Lioyd ad ministration, has been well pictured 1 y Punch Ibis week. The ambitiou-} ex-Premier is climbing a |jri'j\sy pnlet at the top of which lies a leg of mutton (or haunch ot veni son) labelled ' olliee.' It is a pity the talent and energy of the four best men'in tlie House, Parkes ^nd Farneli, Robert-mu and Forster, could uot be combined instead of waiting so much , tunc in contests for power. Bnt,; after all, their stt-uggles have their use, iu showing! all present aud future ministries that they can only hold olSce while tliey ' manage ailairs so well ;is to incur no censure weighty ? enough to carry a majority against them. The. chief parlinmentary event of the week has been the withdniwal of the stamp duties hill: On Wednesday Mr Piddington appealed to the Speaker as to whether the bill had heen legally introduced. It isii principle of British legislation that every new tax must be introduced it ConiTpitte of Ways and Means. : This Bill was intro duced in Committee* of the whole House. The object of the rule is to ensure due notice to all concerncd that a new bui'dcu is to be proposed to be laid on the people a-- tax-payers. The function of the Committee of Ways nnd Mcaus is to meet the demaud of public expenditure by taxation. Therefore the introduction of taxation by any other way, is regurded as imposing burdens by a side wind, and British statesmen reasonably maintain that this rule is a most .precious privilege of tlie commons. Practically, .as the Stamp Duties Biilwas introduced on the lOth April, ami can be no surprise to any one| the reason of the rule does not apply, but the rule itself doty. , So the speaker decided.. And three mouths' considera tion of tlie Bill is thrown away. So' the time goes! But in this instance loss of time is n saving oftfhe people's pence, aud as there was avowedly, by the Treasurer's own I admission, no necessity for the money to be raised by I Stamp Duties, which would have gone to swell tho sip-- ! plus, there is no call for general lamentation over the i iate of- the Bill. .. ? ' Mr Terry's Dog Bill — giving power to tho Govern hient to extend the operatiuu of the Dog Act (0 Win. IV No. 4) to any Police District in tho colony, fixing thp. annual registration fee at 2s lid, and makiug'the owner of a dog that injures any person, animal, or properly, lialile in'damngcs, has been passed by .the Assembly, and read a first time in the Council. Tho Council has also read. a first time that iniportnnt Bill, the Water Pollution Pre vention Bill, and the Gold Dutv Abolition Bill, and they *ljave sent down to the Assembly the Animals Protection Bill. Th-! Land Bill is still under tho consideration of the Council in Committee of the wholo Home, Mr de Salis hns been fighting a lo3t battle for the squntters, nropm ing clause alter clause, imd proviso after proviso, without receiving help oveu from the squatters in1 the House, who evidently regard hia championship as Quixotic. Ho has, however; succeeded in dcinying the detested Rill for koine days : on Wednesday he pressed one of his amend ments until the House was counted out; then on Thurs day, whun Mr Docker moved the suspension of the standing orders, to enable, the House to restore^tho Rami Bill to the paper— generally a matter of course, but re quiring tho conseut of the whole House. Mr Salis ob jected, and. the formal motion for restoring the Bill to the paper stands over lbr another day. Two important amendments have been made in the Bill'thta week,' namely— a clause proposed by Mr Docker requiring a minor, on applying for conditional purchase to 'declare that he is 16 years of age, nnd making him liable, if the declaration is untrue, to loss of his deposit, and prosecu tion for misdemeauour, and (2) a clausc proposed by Air S, H. Cox, and amended by Sir Wm. Manning, provid ing the I^nd advertised, fur sale by auction shall not be open- to conditional nprchose. until it bits either beeu oifercd for sale or notified iu a governmcut gazette to be withdrawn f nun sale by. auction. The Committee on Elections nud Qualifications have declared the Upper Hunter election to be null find void (through tho mistake of the* deputy returning olljeor in taking a poll twice at some places), and consequently Mr Thomas Hungcrford is no lunger a member of thy Home. Another disagreeable incident took placc l^st night in thn Assembly. The House was discussing tyr Twaddcliy claim for compensation. This poor n^n's run w^ bo much injured by the dlscoyeiy of a gold field— which led fo the loss of a few heivj' of cattle, aud onabled him to jrain, perhap3, tweuty tiines as much m he lost, by bringing a market for beef 'nnd mutton tj his door, — ' that lie asked compensation, and arbitrators awarded him £(000. But the House, concluding that he had been amply compensated by the advautagci tJie gold field brought him, rtjected the item by 18 to 0. While .the discussion was going on Mr Scholey, member fo.' Eait Mnitland, informed the House that a bribe had been offered him of £20 with £25 more to aid in the release of Mr Hanley Bennett, M. P. for Tamworth (who was yes terday moruing iu Dnrlinghurst gaol for debt)-r-il he would only ' vote right' on Mr iVaddcH's claim. The would-be briber was Edward White; a man celebrated for his feats and sufferings (in- prison) iu the cause of electoral corruption. Mr Scholey further informed the House that a Mr Dransfield, formerly a candidate for Parliamentary honors iu tlie cause of Protection to Na tive Industrv, had told him that the Miuister for Lauds wa? to get a share of Mr TwaJdefl'u compen lation money. Mr Garrett has been all through a zealous udvocate for Mr Twaddell ; but there is no reason to doubt that he 1m been sincere nud upright in his advocacy of that gentleman's claims. Of course these announcements led to vehement protestations and denunciations. ? On Jhe motion of Mr Robertson the Standing Orders Committee were directed to Dee if the House had power to prevent such shameless attempts at bribery ; . and on the motion of Mr Parkes, the House agreed to examine Mr White, nnd Mr Dransfield to-day if those worthies will bu kind enough to come, of their own sweet will, up to the ha'* of the Assembly to nnswe:1 questions. These commotions in Parliament are of small, account compared fo a' great controversy . that h.is arisen outside — or in a higher region — a controversy great ou account of the high dignitaries concerned in it. . Yesterday morning st letter appeared in the llvruld from the Chief Justice, Sir James Martin, charging His Excellency the Governor with a breach of confidence in making otiicial use of a ?' strictly confidential' couvowation, and with misrepresenting what he (Sir James Martin) had said iu a despatch to the Secretary of State. And a^ain, strange to say, it is the ghost ot' the living and prosperous Francis Christie, hotelkecper in San Francisco, tho once dreaded bushranger Gard-ncr, which has arisen to dis turb the peac^ of the vice-regal abode, and the serenity of the chief of the Supreme Court, it appears inac Mr nercuies itonmson, writing to Earl, Carnarvon on the OJth Jutie, 1874, iu juUification of the course he had taken in releasing Gardiner, stated that he hail, before releasing the prisoner, consulted Sir James Martin, who, ns Attorney-General, had prose cuted him ; and thus reported the result of their conver-. sation. — 'I found that Sir James Martin wns clearly uf opinion—lst. That Gardiner's sentenco was excessive for the offences forwhich alone he had been convicted; (2nd) that he had now been sufficiently punished; (3) that he might l-e released even in Sydney without any substan tial danirer.' Mr Parkes rejoicing to find in these wordsan apparent confirmation, by so high an authority as Sir James Marr tin, of the opinions lw had n^ted upon as Colonial Secre tary, took the earliest opportunity on Monday last, hy moving the adjournment of the House, to bring this evidence of his own sagacity before Parliament and the public. But Sir James Martin, who was absent from town at the time these words of the Governor were first published here, as soon as he returned wrote to the Herald a letter in which he infi r ns the world that Sir Hercules Robinson has made unwarrantable use of a ' strictly confidential ' conversation, and has 'imper- fectly nnd inaccurately ' related what to ik place. Sir James Martin says he* told His Excellency ' that he hail made a mistake in promising to liberate Gardiner,— that such liberation would lie disapproved of by the authori ties in Englnnd, aud that it was condemned by public opinion in this colony.' He also says ' my opinion was adverse to Gardiner's liberation at the time proposed.' And he concludes with this severe reflection on Sir Her cules Robinson ; If I had had tho least suspicion that His Excellency intended to quote me to, the Secretary of State, as approving the course taken by him' in malcing the promise, I should most certainly have declined, to have any ' conversation' with him on Gardiner's case nt. all.' Tlie worst of it is, wc can hardly ejqject to havo this issue between the Governor and the Chief Justice fairlysirted nnd decided. It Is not likely that His fix cellency will reply to Sir James Martin in the newspa per. Perhaps he will answer the letter iu his next despatch to the Secretary of Stato, and then we may see it iu six or eight months. Meanwhile we may svmpa-. thise witl) the Queen's Representative, who, after en during the 'nlainour unreasonable and unjust' of what he.may regard as the colonial mob, had to see the virtual condemnation of his conduct by Parliament; has been told by Earl Carnarvon that he was wrong in sending Gardiner out the country, and now, the most unkindest cut of all, — - must submit to he accused, in the Press be fore all the, world, by the highest person in the' country next to himself, of a breach of confidence,' aud'a misre presentation offaet ! Cea^e every ambitious soul to envy the position of a Chief Ruler of men. 