We publish to-day our monthly summary of intel ligence for transmission to Europe. Pressure on our space compels us to hold over several letters, and other matter. Members of Parliament are being served with notices to quit. Mr Joseph Jones has got one for Ballarat West, and Mr Walker for Castlemaino. It strikes us that some folks are just a.little too fast in this busi ness, as there happens to be a largo body of electors behind who have taken no part in the so-called demonstrations. The Assize Court will open this morning before Mr Justice Fellows. The list of cases for trial will bo found in another column. A narrow escape from a serious accident was expe rienced one day last week by Mr William Brown, of Bungaree. Ho was leading a horse attached to a loaded dray through a piece of ground thickly covered by rushes, when ha missed his footing, and had he not held tightly to the reins of the horse he would have been run over by one of the cart wheels. The only injury sustained by Mr Brown was that inflicted by the horse treading on his right foot, which caused him considerable pain. Very late in the day the Crown-Prosecutor has in timated that he will nut prosecute in the case against Thomas King, alias Laveu, who was recently com mitted for trial on a charge of having published a defamatory libel. Mr Howard has been informed that ho can apply to the judge for a grand jury, under the 21st section of the Judicature Act, to hear the case. A sub- committee meeting of the Orphan Asylum was held on Monday evening, when the following arrangements were made in connection with the annual soiree, to be held next month ':—Mr Josephs was appointed general manager, and it was decided that Mr Gray, the president of the institution, shoiild preside. The price of the tickets was fixed at 2s. There were present at the meeting the president and Messrs Long, Roll, and Baker. The body of Wauchob, who, it will be remembered (says our Beaufort correspondent), has been missing this last month, was found on Monday in the Emu Creek, about a mile and a half from his residence. Wauchob was returning home from Beaufort when last seen alive. The protectionists stoutly maintain that protective duties do not raise prices. Here is a fact for them for which we can vouch. A gentleman connected with this office bought wearing : apparel f at Cardwell, in the Forth of Queensland, considerably cheaper than ho could buy similar articles either in Ballarat or Melbourne. We see that the Border Post states that candles,* wearing -apparel,and, every article of daily consumption are dearer by 25 per cent, at Wudonga than at Albury. The monthly meeting of the Ballarat Fire Brigade was held on Monday evening, Captain Allerding in the chair. Correspondence.—From the Buninyong brigade, asking for the engine of the Ballarat Fife Brigade to be taken to that town on the 7th inst.— Complied with. From the Sandhurst Fire Brigade enclosing invitations to an anniversary ball,— Accepted. From George Reece, resigning as a member. —Postponed for three months, Mr Reece to be excused for that time. From Thomas Riley, asking for three months’ leave of absence.—Refused. From the secre tary of the M.U.1.0.0.F., requesting the brigade’s patronage at a tea meeting, concert, and ball in the Mechanics’ Institute.—Complied with. Secretary’s Report.—l. Stating that the Prahran and Emerald Hill brigades agreed to , support the . demonstration in Bal larat in 1876. 2. Stating that owing to the want of finances nothing had been done in. respect to the testi monial to Mr Fyfe. 3. Stating that steps had been taken- by the |to get a supply' of coats. 4. Stating that Mr M’Kee’s -tender for printing'rules at £4 was accepted.—The report was adopted. Accounts. —Tbe following, were passed for, payment:—R. Morgan, Iss 6.1; W. Nanscawori/- 4s 6d;lD/ Morton 8s Hd; . W. Thompson, :.2s; : H.-, .Fortune/ 16s; j! Noonan, 10s; W. T. Burrows, £12.;;- General Business. —rThp treasurer reported that the credit balance of {■hex; general; -£7 10s. S?The secretary was’ instructed to apply, to Mr G. Benson for the.remission of account, £10,; for- rent of . ground. A-notice of ;motion for the rescinding of a resolution as. to silver .letters was postponed , for-a month. Mr. W. Peach was elected, treasurer. -^Messrs-J. Fyfe, W..J. Vance, and Joseph James were elected honorary members, ■ the names of Messrs R, Perry and— Donaldson being _withdrawn.,.,.A committee, consisting of the captain, secretary, lieutenant, and Messrs Morris, Johnston, Fortune,. Hedo, and Chown, was appointed to bring, up a report at a special meeting, to be held on the 11th inst., as to the beat means of celebrating the an niyersary, , It wa_s agreed that copies of the new rules ; bo distributed amongst the members for consideration at the next meeting. The meeting then went into -’committee. : . A,correspondent objects to the reoommondation;of the lake'and gardens'committee'to the City Council, ;to prevent persons fishing with mote than one spinning .minnow or artificial,bait ffom'pne boat. Our corres pondent says:—“This seems arbitrary, as the largest hauls have been made by using worms. The -writer ; knows of one individual who took, during the season, about; 3000 >fish 5 angle-handed with:-worms. This would' compel the trailers with artificial minnows to“ use a boat each, whilst those who troll with the live minnow may have as many rods as they please inone -boat, thus conceding that the imitation minnow is more deadly than the real one.” ■ The Telegraph makes ’ the following pertinent remarks on the situation:—“lf rumor; lies not,-..the secret history of the last two days Should “warn the .Government'that if they can win over a vote or two they can lose a vote or two also: .In any case delay is both undignified.to the Government and injurious to. the public interests, and .the hope may be expressed that the Opposition will be no party to further ad journments. In England, the orthodox time to decide bn the fate of a. Government is two days. . In Victoria, we have entered upon: the fourth wootraf the : dia- ; cussion, and it has cost £2300 in members’ salaries alone.” •- ■ '' " ■ The ordinary meeting of the Catholic Young Men’s Society took place on Monday, evening at the Library, St. Patrick’s Reserve; Mr Dineen, vice-president, occu pying the chair. Tho minutes of the former meeting were read and confirmed. Several members paid in their quarterly, and : some new members their initia tion fees, when a few nominations were. received. Some new rules were taken into consideration and subsequently adopted. The literary business ot the evening was then proceeded.-with, and several mem bers gave readings, recitations, and songs. The meeting closed with a vote of thanks to the chairman. The committee of the Chines .Free Library complain • (says our correspondent) that the inhabitants are not disposed to avail themselves of its intellectual facili ties. The reading-room is open daily from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m., and the collection of .useful works and choice literature is of a kind which should tempt all whose inclinations lead them in the direction of self-cultiva tion and progress. lam informed that, owing to the falliug-off in the number of subscribers, the committee find it quite impossible to conduct the business of the institution with the same liberality as heretofore. This state of things is to : bo deplored. Night' after night are scores of young people to be seen parading our streets, and neglecting to take advantage of the facilities at their disposal to improve their minds and glean general knowledge. - Even among a class ot per sons who understand the mental and social advantages a free library confers on a community, an unpardon able indifference prevails, and they appear destitute of any desire to assist an institution whose deserving nature cannot bo gainsaid. As the volunteer commissioners have decided upon seeing the whole of the volunteer force together, it baa been proposed (says the Argm) that the muster of tho cavalry shall take place on the Carisbrook Racecourse, near Maryborough. Thiswouldbe aceutral spot for tho country -troops, as it could be quickly reached by railway from Ballarat, Sandhurst, Castle maiuo, and Kyueton, at each of which places there is a cavalry troop. Nothing definite, how.ever, has yet been decided on. With 64 hands, cost £54, Messrs Huddart and Co.’s barque Medea, berthed at Geelong on Thursday at 7 a.m., was discharged of,. 600 tons of coal, loaded with ICO tons of potatoes, and the vessel hauled out, all in 20 hours. Circumstances alter cases. The Age complains that the free-traders are bringing outside pressure to bear ou tho members of the Assembly. What have the protectionists been doing ? We learn from tho Herald that the Torres Straits mail arrived at Townsville on Monday. The following are the only items of news,of any interest:—“ The particulars of the accident caused by her Majesty’s yacht show that no oue was to blame, and that every thing was done when it was discovered. The Prince of Wales will embark at Venice, .and visit the King of Greece, after which he will sail for Egypt, and join tho Serapis at Suez. Canon H-ackwith accompanies the Prince throughout his tour. Obituary.—Mr Dunbar, M.P.M.; J. B. Coldbeck, P. and O. Company’s agent at Singapore; Gordon, of Singapore, head of the Ceylon Civil Service; and A. Mackintosh, Bom bay.” The Age is responsible for the following ;—“ How many of the taxpayers of this country are aware that they have paid, through their representatives at home, some forty odd thousand pounds to a couple of gentle men in England for the privilege ot purchasing their railway material for them ! Tho exact sum, wo believe, is £42,944, The fortunate recipients are Messrs Brcreton and Lewis, and as the commission extended over fifteen years, they have drawn an annual income from this colony of some £2863 for that time. Half the amount, or £20,449, has been paid them since, 1871. But this is not all. We have reason to know that many thousands of pounds worth ot plant sent out by these gentlemen is absolutely worthless, except as old iron, while it has cost the country an additional outlay of £34,000 to make good defective material which was passed by them as sound.” The Argus states that scarlet fever is spreading in Melbourne, and that the disease is of a malignant type. The Pastoral Times is horrified at the proposal to annex Riverina to Victoria, and exclaims;:—“Annex! ! Riverina to Victoria ! ! so that we should be submit ted to a kind of legislation that had a parallel in the law-making of Jack Cade.” The Herald says;—“ There was a large assemblage of bookmakers at Goyder’s on Monday, when business was confined to squaring accounts over the gathering at Kensington Park. There was a considerable amount of money changed hands, and although one or two members of the ring were had unmistakably over a certain race, everything passed off amicably. There was no attempt made to promote speculation on approaching events.” The following is an Associated Press telegram:— “Singapore, 18th September.—Extensive dock ac commodation is to be provided at Batavia, and a con cession has been granted to a company for 75 years.— The Dutch at Atcheen are suffering much from cholera and other sickness, and tho Atchiuese are at dissentiou among themselves.--Rajah Brooke is much incensed about a Dutch man- of-war having only saluted the Sarawak flag with thirteen guns.—Dis turbances in North Siam were suppressed by the authorities taking prompt measures.—Trade at Ban kok was brisk, but dull at Singapore. The Chinese are not buying.—Governor Sir W. Jervoise has con cluded a three weeks’ trip to the Malay Peninsula. Matters in the native States are unsettled, and an nexation is probable. An expedition to tho penin sula, under Mr Daly, lias returned, having completed its task. —Singapore harbor is dull of shipping.” It is estimated that there arc 10,000 kangaroos on two runs in Riverina. This is said to be a consequence of the destruction of the dingos, which used to destroy the kangaroos. W e(Herald) regret to say that the Hon. Edward Cohen is very ill, and suffering most acutely. Tho ravages of the disease which is "preying on Mr Cohen have been so great that he is greatly altered. When he last appeared io the Legislative Assembly he was only tho ghost of himself.. It is'uot improbable that the: annual picnic of the German Association willtako place,at Dead Horae next New Year’s-day., Tho gardens known as the “ Frenchman’s.” there will be offered to the associa tion by the present lessees, who intend allowing tho free use of their fruit garden. The distance from Ballarat is not great—a little over three miles—but the road can be greatly shortened by a cut across the ranges. Tho country about Dead Horae just now wears a most pleasing appearance, and plenty of shelter can be found by picnickers. Our advertising columns announce the return of an old and respected citizen; Mr.W. Redfern Watson, to his hostelry, the Town-hall hotel,-in Armstrong street. We are not aware whether. Mr Watson intends to reside hero permanently, but we are sure so old and popular a member of the Licensed Victuallers’ Associa tion will have many welcomes back. A new batch of 300 vela. has been received at the Mechanics’ Institute, and will. be ready for issue in a day or two, as also a supplementary catalogue, includ ing all the late additions. In the now list are several interesting works, including “History of Advertising,” Qol. Warburton’s “ Across Australia,” Molesworth’s “ History of England from, 1830-74," Myers’ “ Re mains of Lost Empires," “ Hogarth " ; complete, Straus’ “Now Life of Jesua,” Martin’s “Life of the Prince Consort," : Earl' Russell’s “ Recollections and Suggestions; 1813-73;” ..“/Unorthodox London,” by C. M/lDaviesj D.D.;. Fergusson’a “History of Archi tecture,” Guy and Ferrier’s “ Forensic Medicine,” “Diary of the- Discoveries,” by George .Smiths l ' Stubbs’■ “ Constitutional History of England,” “Cave Hunting,’’- by‘W. Boyd Dawkins; “ Memoirs and Letters of Sara Coleridge," “ Romance of. the British Stage.”: About half the new batch con sists of novels.’' ’Cjjy For the seat in the: Town - -Council vacated by, Mr! Ivey there are-the following nominations!—Mr W. Robertson,-Peel street; _Hr T. Taylor, draper,- Bridge, street; and Mr David- Fitzpatrick, J.P. . ‘ ’-. 5 A meeting of the creditors in tho insolvent estate ‘ of James Stainer, hawker, Ballarat, was held and closed' before Mrßartrop,‘ chief olerk- of the Insol vency: Court, on Monday, ■ •The longest sitting of the City Council which has Ttaken place’fof some“months'was that held "on ’ Mon ■day. A large'amount of business was transacted, a i report of . which will be found‘elsewhere. ! Referring ■' to the knighthood conferred on Mr. ‘Samuel.Wilson, M.L.C;, the Argos “says!—“ It is'aln derstood that case the honor has been conferred as a recognition of his conduct in giving the sum of £30,000 to . the Melbourne University." We ,suppose that even Mr Higinbothiim will not'object to a member of the. Upper House being “nobbled’’ by the wicked Horae Government. ' ; The number of Visitors to the Exhibition on Satur-' day was 4316. Since the opening the number of .visitors has been 123,355. Some 1 rock-borers shown are . said to .be worth the" attention of practical men. The receipts are already larger than at any previous Exhibition. , - ; The' Rev. J. Wolfenden preached twioa on Sunday in the Dawson street Baptist Church' to large congre gations. For the morning discourse the preacher took Jacob’s dream at Bethel as a text, and for the even ing sermon Paul’s appeal to, Felix bn “ Temperance, righteousness, and judgment to come.” Both sermons were eminently practical,, the preacher dealing less in, doctrinal abstraction than in lessons from the practi-! cal side of his subjects. MrWolfeuden is a ready speaker, and has an impressive • manner. He will .preach, We understand, at tho same church next Sun day. The Mortlake Dispatch states that on . Saturday a -number of gold and black fish were taken through Mortlake en route to the estates of Messrs M’Kenzie and Eddington. They had,..been convoyed from Bal larat,haviug been despatched, wo believe, by Messrs Ettersbank, Eagleatone, and. Company. They..ap-- ipsared to have stood the journey as for. as’- Mortlake ;very well, and we expect they are by this time at liberty in their fresh aqueous repository. We (Argus) learn that a telegram was received ifrom London on Saturday morning' by the manager of the Oriental Bank Corporation here conveying the satisfactory information that the Bank of California, which.stopped payment some time ago, was to resume business at San Francisco oh tho 2nd instant"; and in structions have been issued, to the Oriental Bank to honor all outstanding drafts on that corporation. We have • received the- Investigation Report and Valuation of Policies of tho National Mutual Life Association -of - Australasia, “• by Robert- M’Caskio, actuary. . , r ... A soiree in aid of tho Orphan Asylum funds will bo held this evening, in the- Mechanics 1 Institute, under tho auspices of tho united lodges of the M.U.1.0.0.F. Tea will bo provided, after which there will be a concert and a ball. The affair promises to be a bril liant success. Our advertising columns: furnish the full concert programme, which is extremely attrac tive. The Lynch Family of bellringers and their talented company were well received by their audience on Monday evening, at the Mechanics’ Institute. Tho bellringing was excellent, and the singing of Madame Steinbach was highly appreciated. The comic singing of Tom Margetts was loudly applauded, he being an old favorite, and the concluding farce, entitled, “ Mr Johnapn in Want of a Coachman,” was full of fun. To-night the company, will not appear, as the hall had been previously engaged'for a tea-meeting; but, on Wednesday, they continue their performances. The Theatre Royal was very fairly attended last night in pit, stalls, and. gallery, and tho melodrama and tho afterpiece went very smoothly, eliciting re peated demonstrations of delight from the audience. The same bill will bo repeated to-night. A sale of Crown lands will take place at the court house, Buniuyong, to-day. A tea meeting in connection with the Dawson street Congregational Church anniversary will be held in the church this evening. Particulars of a land board, to bo held in Ballarat on Monday next, will be found in our advertising columns. 