i MISS ANGEL J3r Miss Thackeray." Shatter I,— a Print op Sir Joshua's. Yesterday, lying on Mr. Colnaghi's table, I aaw a print, the engraving of one of Sir Joebna'a portraits. It was tbo picture of a lady aome five or six and twenty years of age. The face is peculiar, sprightly, tender, a little obstinate. The eyes arc very charming and intelligent. The features are broadly marked : there is something at once homely and dignified in their expression. The little head is charmingly set upon its frame. A few pearls are mixed with the heavy hjpps of hair ; two great curls fall upon the sloping shoulders ; the' dim figure is draped in light foldB fastened by jewelled bands, snch as people then wore. A loose scarf is tied round the waist. Being cold, perhaps, sitting in Sir Joslfaa'i great studio, tho lady bad partly wrapped herself in a great fur cloak. Tho whole effect is very good, nor is it an incon venient dress to sit still and be painted in. How people lived habitually in sucli clothes X cannot understand. But although gar ments may represent one phase after , another of fashion ; loop, writhe, \- sweep, flounce, , wriggle themselves into ' Strange forms and into shapes prim i' or romantic, or practical, as the case . may be, yet faces tell another story. They i scarcely alter even in expression from ono ? generation to another; the familiar looks v come travelling down to us in ail sorts of >/ ways, and vehicles ; by paint, by marble, by 'j words, by the music the musician left be- hind him, by inherited instincts. There is . , some secret understanding transmitted, I do ' believe, from one set of human beings to ' another, from year to year, froih age to age, over since Eve herself first opened her shin- \- fag eyes upon the Garden of Innocence and \ flung the apple to her descendants. , This little head, of which I am now > writing, has certainly a character of its own. Although it was great Sir Joshua £ himself who painted Miss Angel— so her ' £ friends called her— and set the stamp of his own genius upon the picture, although the ngraver has again come between us to re- \- produce the great master's impression, be- . yond their art and unconscious in- ffuenee, . and across the century that separates the lady from tho print lying on Mr. Colnaghi's table, some feeling of her identity seems to reach .one as one stands there in the shop, after V. years of other things and people ; an iden- ; 'tity that seems to survive in that mysterious A way in which people's secret intangible fool- ings do outlive tbo past, the future ; and j deatb, and failure, and even success itself. 'When 1 began to criticise the looks of my black-and-white heroine, and to ask myself 'if there was anything wanting in her ex- .pression, any indescribable want of fine ' -perceptive humor, the eyes seemed suddenly ; to -look reproachfully and to refute my un- epobsn criticism. Those outward signs that we call manners, aad euatems, and education have changed rfMO (hat qniok heart ceased to beat, sinoe -Mas Aagel lived and ruled in her May-Pair kSagdom ; but the trne things and significa- -.tioiig that those signs express arc not less _ 'true because they hare lasted a little longer and gone through a few more evolutions. It is only tho false impressions, the exaggera tions and affectations that, by a natural law, 'destroy themselves. How many did she live out in her appointed span of life, and .wear out one by one on her jpnrney towards tho truth ? My poor Angel all her life 'was used to praise and blame, to be accused of fanlts slio never committed, to be admired for qualities that she scarcely 'possessed. Art was art, and so indeed was nature, in tho language of sigiiB — as it was practised by lier mid her companions. On the continent Arcadia was coming to an end ; shepherds and shepherdesses were straggling off and driving their flocks before tbem. Long-legged deities, enpids, and heroes in helmets or slashed silk lioso were ' colonising English studios, and Olympus was beginning to be in fashion. Pancy and natural feeling are expressed by odes, by nymphs, and ovals, and mezzotints. Cipriani teaches in his schools ; classic temples are rising in windy gardens (for alas ! the climate docs not lend itself to this golden age revival), and never were winters '.more wintry, fogs moro enduring, or frosts more nipping than those at the end of tho Inst century. Perhaps to Miss Angel the darkness may have been but as a veil to the sweet dazzling images of lier earlj' youth. She may have till seemed to see the sunlight through the .milts and fogs of tho great.city wliorc sho had cast her lot, and her November may have been splendid still, and set upon a . jolden background, while sho found present sunshine in the admiring eyes of her friends 'and lovers. Some, lives have in them a qunlifcy which may perhaps bo compared to that secret of , 'which the early Venetians knew the mys- .tery — some mystery of light, some sweet transparent gift of coloring, a hidden treasure of hope shining through' after- 'ihadow. . I do not say that this is the highest among the gifts, that there are not far "greater tilings in art and in nnture than aweet harmonies of color ; but it is n de lightful quality iu its way, iu pictures and in the lives of those who look at pictures and of those who paint them. Angelica Kauffmann's is a life so tinted, warmed at tho outset by some such, broad golden stream that flooded its youth with hope, and shone on through a mid-life of storm and shadow. In later dnys tears and languor dimmed those bright azure eyes and overmastered the bravo spirit that we must all respect and recog nise ; hut to the last moment hope remained — hope for life when all else was gone ; false lioi>o indeed, to be realised by a mightier revelation of life than ours. , Poor little Angelica ! so true to herself, so defeated in her highest flights, so com plete in her victory — not over those things she has set herself to conquer, but over others by the ,road, along which sho struggled Valiantly for sixty (years. Over-praised, over-loved, deceived, and satisfied, little by little she has grown up out of the dictionaries ' and' guide-books, out of the faithful old friend Robsb's careful sentences, out of the relics scattered by her lmud. She was no genius, as people ouce thought, no great painter of gods and men. Her heroes stand in satin pumps and feathered toques, her nymphBare futilo and somewhat dislocated beings ; ono laughs at them, but ona loves them too a little. i I think that, as far as it lay in lier power, Angelica wa9 true to her perceptions. Tho artificial education of the day cast its con straints npon her simple soul, and yet, with all its failings, her work is blight with a certain sympathy and transparence, a cer tain delicacy of rendering which holds its own even now. Religion, as Angelica painted her, still its in the South Kensington Museum sur rounded by attendant virtues. There is Hope witli her anchor, I'aith with lier bands crossed upon her breast, Charity reclining in tho place of honor. They all have Greek profiles. Tho inspiration is something liko an apotheosis of some of Madame Tussaud's happiest compositions, -and (yet a certain harmony and innocent enthusiasm redeems it all from utter ' absurdity, and draws one into sympathy ' with the painter. One head, crowned and gentlo, seemed to shine with a real Italian brightness through the grim November vapors in the galleries, to which I have wandered across a century. Chapter II.— Picture Gallerho. Picture galleries are strange and shifting places, where people come to wonder, to envy, to study, talk nonsense ; sometimes it is to realise their secret hearts painted out upon canvas and hanging up framed before them— somotimos veils hang before the pictures. It is all there — you Bee it, know it — and see and know nothing as you pass by untouched. And then, again, some secret power bas dispelled the mists, strange life Hashes along the walls, picture answers picture, here and there some great dominant chord breaks out in a burst of silent music, imposing its own harmony upon tho rest. One morning Miss Angel was tired, or cross, or dissatisfied ; she had not slept tho night before. Her father, as usual, had left her at the gallery to work, bidding her be diligent, but she could not work to good effect : one thing and another disturbed bcr. Every now and then their friend and fellow.lodger, Anto nio, who was painting in another room, had come in and vexed her by a criticism. "Yon waste your time attempting such subjects," he had said ; "it is not in your grasp ; you should not accept such commissions." " I must take what comes, "(said Angelica, pettishly. " I need not complain when I am given a masterpiece to reproduce.-'' "To reproduce!" said Antonio, "yon might as well try to paint the sun and so he walkedaway, leaving her discouraged, out of tune. He was a dark heavy-looking man with a very black beard and a yellow face. He had lines of oaro in bis face, and lines of grey in his hair, although ho could have been little over thirty years of age. . They bad been friends for years ; Angelica did not know what it would be not to know An tonio, or not to bo vexed with liim too. It was but rarely that her sweet temper was so rufiicd, and it happened to-day that when she was most angry with Antonio and with herself a stranger, young, stately, dressed in deepest mourning, had come up and, with a glance at the picture, had asked her if the charming copy was for sale. Who is one to believe, thinks the poor little painter, as she looks up demurely, poises her brush, and says, " It is an order, and sold already." " You must allow me to envy the fortunate possessor of such a picture copied by so fair a hand," said the stranger in a low voice, bending his handsome head with one of the courteous flourishes then in fashion, and ho walked away with long black legs. Then a priest came up to look ; then a conple of soldiers ; then a new-married couple. " How beautiful," said the bride ; "I like tl)e copy better than the picture — it is a prettier size ; see how she has got it all in." ' Angel was not nnused to compliments ; she was a princess in her own little king dom, but she did not care for tbem quite so btobdly expressed as this. She half hoped the frineo would come back and give her an order and make her some more consoling speeches. There was something in his manner whioh interested her. How different from Antonio, with his rude abruptness and jealousy. Anyone must allow that he was disagreeable. And then the girl put down her brushes thoughtfully, and left her seat, and walked up to the great high altar at which sho had been worshipping. I can sec her, though it is a hundred years sinco sho stood there,' and Antonio could see her as he stood watching from the doorway. 'J'lio light figure in its common faded dress standing before great Titian's altar fires. Her head was a little bent with that gentle turn he knew so well, her thick brown hair was all tied back with a brown ribbon. Her two little feet stood somewhat far apart, springing, firm, and elastic, from tho polidhecl floor. One hand was raised to shade tho light liom her eyes, in tho other —from habit carefully extended— she held lier palctto. There she stood, for once pale and discouraged, ' and with dimmed eyes. Her father would be furious if she wore to tell him of Antonio's gibes, but then her father was 110 critic where her work was concerned. This she owned in lior heart, and perhaps she agreed moro often than slio chose to acknowledge with Antonio, the jealous, rude, tiresome friend. Ah ! how infinitely ploasanter are acquaintances than friends who live in tho house with you, who Bay anything that comes uppermost. That English Signor Danco, whom they had met at Rome, he had praised lier work with fervor and sin cerity ; and the friendly priests in the villa at Como, how tlicy had exclaimed in wonder at her portraits of tho Cardinal and liis chaplain. If only Antonio would praise lier work as they did, it mjght give her some courage and intorest to go on. So there sho stood, pale and discouraged, an inadequate little copyist blinking at the sun, . so she told herself. Presently her heart began to beat, and the color came into her checks as she forgot her own insignifi cance and caught some strange terrified emotion from tlio groat achievement before her. Some fancy came to her that she was one of the women in the crowd looking on with tho amazed Apostles, as they stretch their astonished hands. The great mystery is being accomplished before their eyes. The Virgin rises clond.lifted to the jubilant chorus of angels and chcrubims ; simple, extatic, borne upward upon the resistless vapors. Tbo glories seemed to gather gold, tbo elonds to drift npon unseen winds, the distance widens and intensifies. This strange great heaven floats and shiucs again triumphant before the dazzled eyes of tlio mortals on tho galleries. Ono or two people had gathered round. Had anything occurred iu the great assump tion ? Little old dirty Pinuzzi had crept up to see from liis distant corner, whore lie manufactured little cherubs with his trem bling lingers. He stood clucking his admi ration with odd noises and shakings of the head. Then someone sighed deeply ; soine strange magnetic thrill of sympathy pos sessed them all, as when the bursts of silver trumpets come sounding along .St. Peter's, and the crowds respond. At that moment a harsh angry voice calls Angelica very poreinptorily hack to earth again. " Angelica, what docst thou '! where is thy morning's work ? Whyj art thou wasting time and money So the voice be gins in German, then the scolding turns into Italian as Antonio comes up once more. Tho accuser is a tall, thin, angry old man, who is gazing with displeasure at the easel, at the idle brush, and at his daughter in the crowd. " Is this your manner of working !" he continues, oblivious of lis teners. "It is the best for her," said Antonio, interfering. " Hnsli, John Joseph !" he added, in a low voice ; " how can you speak to her so. " " Be quiet, Antonio; you can afford, per haps, to idle yonr life away. Angelica enn- not allow herself that luxury. AYliat has she done all this long morning " Nothing, father !" said Angelica, turn ing round from habit to meet him, and to soothe away liis anger, as she could always do, with u word and a fond look ; but to day the sense of the Iinpossiklo had ovei- maatcred the custom of the present, and she forgot her artless wile3 and lier father's dis pleasure in a sudden longing for some higher achievement and some better ideal. Her face changed, the smile faded, "I was tired, father, and 110 wonder," and with a sudden movement she held out lier palette to him. "Look at this," she said, "and look at that) llow can I do it How can you ask me to do it?" As she spoke, Antonio looked at her with an ap- J proving flash from beneath his black eye- brows. " What absurdity !" cried tho old man. " Is it to-day that she is to tell me sho cannot paint? , After all the crowns she has won— after all the sacrifices her mother and I have made — all the hopes wo have in dulged in ! Why did you not say so to Joseph Morosco when he gave iyou the order? Ungrateful girl !" The tears which started to Angelica's eyes changed her futuro destiny for years and years. " Might I, a stronger, venture to ask a favor ?" said the stranger lady, once more addressing Angelica from her waves of satin, of laees, and speaking in a very sweet and melancholy voice. " I am tearing Venice in a week. I should regret my going less, if I might carry away something to recall the happy hours I have spent." Gently certain of herself, sho looked from tho father to the daughter. She was not used to see life from any but ber own aspect and level. The father's reproaches, tlie daughter's tears, wore a revelation to this fanciful, impressionable personage, who was not used to be thwarted, and who had sud denly determined to make this girl happy, and to wipe away her tears with her own cambric handkcrcbi.ef, if need be. " Perhaps," she continued, addressing tlie old man with a charming dignified grace, "yon would allow me, sir, to take your daughter home in my gondola ? Would you' trust yourself to my care ?" she said to Miss Angel. " We might consult upon the sub ject of tbe picture, which I hope you may consent to paint for me. I Bhould like to show you my children and my husband, who would make a noble study." Angel's blue eyes' answer unconsciously to tbo two shining flashes, tlie smile that greets her. It seemed as if tliey were friends already. Tho lady did not speak, only smiled and looked for an answer. A gentlo fragrance seemed to come with each wave of ber fan — tbe great flaunting fan with jewelled sticks. Sho was dressed in white, with grey fur trimmings and pearls, and she wore long mittens on lier arms. A picture ! "I should like to paint you just as you are," thought Angelica. "You great ladies can make yourselves into pictures." Old Pinuzzi whispered something into ICauffmann's ear, "It is her Excellency tho English Ambassadress," ho said. Old Kauffmann bowed to the ground. " You are too good to my poor child,' said tlie old fellow. " My daughter's name is perhaps not unknown to your Excellency —Angelica Kauffman, " lie repeated, proudly. " I, lier father, may truly say that her name is known in all Italy. We have lately come from Naples, where all tbe galleries were thrown open to us — that of tbe Palace of Capo de Monte, and many others. Her gifts of music and painting, ber remarkable precocity, have — — " " Dear father," said Angelica, interrupt ing ; " the lady has judged me too favorably already. Antonio desoribes my poor per formances very differently." She spoke with a smile, but she wounded her poor plain-speaking friend to the heart. He turned pale, and abruptly walked off to the other end of the room, where bo stood looking at a picture that he did not sec. It was Tintoret's "Slave delivered from Torture." Poor Antonio. St. Marc had not yet come to burst bis bonds. "I thank you, sir, for telling me your daughter's name. Indeed, I half suspected that it might bo her. Her brilliant reputa tion is well known to me and many of my friends," said tbe lady. "My friend tho Abbe Frnnck showed me a most interesting letter from Rome not long -ago, describing her rare gifts. Tho Abbe Winkelman speaks of ber, too, with enthusiastic praise. I.havc little to offer as a temptation to one so gifted ; but if she will accept me as a friend, it will bo conferring a favor that I shall know how to value." Tho lady held out her hand as she spoke, and Angelica gladly took it in hor young grateful clasp, Old Kauffmann's eyes glistened wh en An gelica' started off with this high company, dressed in her shabby dress, timid, yet re solute, tho compeer of any lady in the land. No thought of any difference of rank dis composed her. As she prepared to accom pany her new-found protectress, thegiri was bewitohed by the beautiful lady. Chatter III.— Gondolas, The boat rocked backwards and forward8 to the gondolier's circling oar, tbe shadows daiicod a delicious contredanso. .Splash gentle oar, rise domes and spires upon tho vault, sing voices calling along tho water< stream golden suns reflected there. The gondola flies down a noisy side street towards ail open place where tho canals di- vergo ; tho shadows part, and fire is stream ing from tho tumultuous ripples. Alien ! cry the gondoliers ; for a moment all is swinging confusion ; then tho (lashing boats and the lieavy-ladon barge3 make way be fore bis Excellency's gondola, and it glides on once more. Hor Excellency the English Ambassa dress lean3 back among her cushions, look ing out languidly ; the lights flash from tlio upper windows of the tall palaces, balconies start over head marked upon the sky. N'ow it is a palace to let, with wooden shutters swinging iu shadow ; now they pass the yawning vaults of groat warehouses piled with saffron and crimson dyes, where barges are moored nnd workmen straining at the rolling barrels. The Ambassadress looks up ; they are passing the great brown wall of some garden terrace; a garland has crept over tho brick, and droops almost to tlie water; one littlespray encircles a rusty ring hanging there with its shadow. A figure comes and looks over the wall — a man with a handsome dark cut face, plain unpowdered hair, a mourning dress. Ho bows low from bis ter race walk, looking with a grave unmoved face. The Ambassadress smiles and kisses lier pretty loosely-gloved fingers. " This is a now friend of my lord's," sho says, smiling to her companion, who looks up iu turn at the. bead against tbe sky. Angelica won ders where she has seen that dark bead be fore ; then she remembers that it was in the gallery ; scarce an hour ago. She is a little shy, hut quite com posed as she leans lightly back in her place by tbe great lady ; ber stuff dress looks somewhat out of keeping with' tbe splendid eqnipago where the carpets are Persian and the cushions are covered with silver damask, and tho very awnings are of- soft flame-colored silk. They have been put up by the Ambassadress's orders, in place of tbo black bond which oppressed , her, for she loves light and air and liberty. Now tliey (toncli the palaoe walls, and with a hollow jar start off once more. Now comes a snatch of song through an old archway . here arc boats "and voices, the gondolier's earrings twinkle in the sun, here are vine wreaths, and steps where children, those un tiring spectators of life, nrn clustering ; more barges with heavy fruit and golden treasure go i>y. J\ iibkic urowu lacemioy la lying wicn his brown legs iu tbe snu on the very edge of a barge, dreaming over into the green water; he lazily raises his -head to look, and falls hack again ; now a black boat passes like a ghost, its slender points start upwards in a lino with the curve of yonder spire ; now it is out of all this swing of shadow and confusion they cross a broad sweet breadth of sunlight, and come into the Grand Canal. A handsome young couple arc gliding by, and look up in admi ration at the beautiful lady, . Beautiful in glistening grey and falling lacc, with feathery soft lines of ornament, with a diamond aigrette shining in her powdered hair— dignified, conscious. No wonder the young couple aro dazzled, that the dark-faced man looks out from the ter race 'wall, that the girl sitting by tho lady's side is bewitched by all that grace, beauty and kindness. It comes as a revelation to her, and seems to illuminate all the beauty of this new world in which sho finds herself for the first time, awakened to life somehow by some inner call, by some loving revela tion of tbe eyes and the imagination. The Ambassadress made Angelica answer a hundred questions about her life and her work as they went along. She was perfectly charming in her manner, fnll of interest nnd kindneBs, but her questions were almost more than Angelica cared to answer. She told herself that with one so kind, so beau tiful, she need have no reserve, nnd yet people found it difficult at times to be quite natural and unreserved with this great lady. By degrees, as the conversation went on, she bad felt some curious, anxious, restless influence npon her nerves. Sho could hardly define it, nor why she was at once more and more charmed and agitated ; but she was not the first who had experienced this curious impression. "IVas that her father ?" and " Was that young man a re lation ? " " Had she a mother ? " the great lady had asked. " I have a dead mother," said Angelica, with a very sweet expression ; " her name was Cleope Lucien. We used to live at Coire, by tbe side of the stream ; her bed room window hung over the water, and she used to hold my hand and let me lean out as far as possible. We were very poor, though, and my father could not get on ; ho found work at Morbogno, and we all went away. I cried when I loft my homo and tho terrace-garden, and my mother wiped my tears with her apron, and kissed my hands.- She U3ed to teach me, .and keep me with her always. I never left her till she left me — that was nearly live years ago," said Angelica very softly. " She was very beautiful ; I have never seen anyone like her. To- day, when yon spoke to me, I was thinking that Titian's Madonna had some thing of her." " Who is your dark friend?" said Lady W., who had lost the thread for a moment. " Are yon engaged to be married?" Angelica shook her head. ," I am married to my brush," she said gaily; "I want no other husband. Before I came here I some- times thought there might be other things in life ; hut when I saw these glorious works, which seem to me to aurpass even the Caraoeis in magnificent compositions, I feol that it is as much as my poor soul can grasp." Sho pushed back her thick curls as she spoke, and looked up— an eager young spirit longing to take flight — over-trained, over-stimulated by praise — by a sense of en thusiastic responsibility perhaps, but full of hope, of courage, of trust in tho future. In some mystorious way she imagined at times that Raphael and Titian, and her be loved Caracoi and Caravaggio, were all wait- ing in some painter's Paradise anxiously ex pecting to eee her start in their pursuit. When she talked of her art; some sort of light would come into her .face. Such enthusiasm i3 often something in itself — an inspiration not to bo despised ; but it docs not create the gifts that should belong to it by rights. When Angelica talked of art, she was a little conscious, perhaps ; but it was a sweot, artless consciousness, and from her very heart sho loved hor work. " It was like a new soul in my soul," she said with her sweet voice, "when I came here first and learned to know them all. Before that, I sometimes imagined . . Angelica laughed. " Girls have their fancies," she said. " And have you 110 fancies ?" said lier patroness, very seriously. "Mine is a cold heart, I fear," said the girl ; " I have to envnmoney for our - home, and to take oave of iny father in my mother's place. My interests are too great to leave place in my heart for love.'" " But could you imagine love without interest?" said the Ambassadress, very quickly. " Surely, interest is tho very soul of lovo." " Then my love is for Titian, for the great Voronere, for Tintorot," cried Angelica, (lushing and excited. "These are the altars at whioh I now worship," she said, pointing to the Doge's Palace they wore now ap- proaching. " And so these pictures cured you of all other love?" said the Ambassadress, look- ing at Angelica curiously, with her great lady expression ; as sho spoke, they were sliding by tho Lco'ni of St. Marc, nnd tho Ambassadress suddenly called to lier gon dolier to ' stop. Then, with a charming sudden change of manner, she said, "Now you must he my loader, and I will bo your pupil ; take me to see your pictures." Angelica was not surprised. It seemed .to her a very natural impulse. She did not know that a whole household was waiting while they deliberately walked from room to room in noble company. Gods and heroes; allegories in white satin, Yenico ruling the worid ; all the pomp, all the splendor of life, is there; and then they come to a vast room full of present, past and future. A cicerone is explaining a fresco on the wall. " This picture represents the entire huinan'i-ace and the kingdom of heaven," lie says ; " Tintorot painted it when he was seventy- five years of " " Don't listen to him," said Angelica, "you will not care for this: come with me." And the two figures pass 011. At first this paradise of Tintorot is so rtrange that no wonder tho lovely world outside the beautiful courtyard, the flying birds, and drifting Venetians, tho great goklon September, seem more heavenly to those who aro basking in its sweetness. But tborc are those who by degrees, with pain nud some self-denial, climb in spirit to tlie strange crowded place towards which old Tintoret's mighty soul was bent. He lias painted surprise and rapture in the face of a soul which' is just coming out into this great vortex. Jt is circling in sudden pools and gleams of: poace. .Mary Mother above, turning to her Son,' with outstretched arms, ami pointing to them all with tender mother hood. In the great eventful turmoil a man si Is absorbed iu a hook, reading unmoved. Angels, with nohlo wings, take stately (lights, cross and recross the darkened canvas. A far-away procession passes in radiance. Tintoretto's power is that of a Goetlie or a Sliakspeare ; he paints what ho sees— what is now and over shall bo while this world exists. Wonld you have otbor revelations of this mighty miud, Jet us follow Angelica and lier pupil into a side 1-00111, where by a window that looks into a court hangs a picture that may well charm thom by it3 tender dawn- like grace. Ariadne holds out her languid hand. Bacchus rises from tho sea. Half a lloatiug dream, lieu a vision ; almost here, almost there upon the wall. Tlie picture seemed, to float into their very henrts. Fence saw the horizon, while tlio wonderful tale of love was told anew. Bacchus beseeching Ariadne — tender, passionless, pitiful. Pity was there, somehow painted upon the har mony and the silenee. They neither of them moved nor spoke- Tlie elder lady stood absorbed, and liar thoughts travelled away, far, far from the pictures, while Angelica, with her constrain ing blue eyes, looked at her for sympathy and for kindred experiences. "This must be love — the very spirit of true feeling and sentiment cried the girl. Do you think so?" said Lady W. "I do not think she loves him much ; she is still thinking of ThesenB." " Bnt sentiment is, whether people feel it or not," said Angelica. As sho epoko, a great clock began to strike, asd somo birds whirred past the window, casting their Bbadows across tbe picture. " My dear child," said tbo Ambassadress, suddenly becoming a grand lady again ; "we mnst not waste any moro time upon sentiment. Come, let us go back to tbe gondola." As they went downstairs, they met Antonio, with bis color-box under bis arm ; he would have passed them without a word, bnt Angelica smiled and kissed her band. IVhen they reached tbe gondola, tho Am bassadress sank down with a sigb. "There is that gentleman again," said Angelica looking back. The mysterious stranger was just stepping into his gondola from tbe steps of the Piazza. Had he been in tbe palace ; she had not seen him there. 