THE NOVELIST, I THE EE FEA THEES. CHAPTER XX.-TINTAGEL'S WALLS. What waa the matter with Harry Trelyon r His mother could not make out, and there never/had been much confidence between them, so that she did not care .to ask. But she watched ; and she saw that he had for the time at least, forsaken his accustomed haunts and ways, and become gloomy, silent, and self- posseted. Dick waa left neglected in the stables ; you no longer heard his rapid clatter along the highway, Avith .the'.not . over melodious vpicn of his master singing "The Men of morry, murry England" or '^Tlie Young Cheva lier." The long and slender fishing-rod remained on the pegs in the hall, although you could hear the flop of the small burn trout of an evening when the flies were thick over the stream. The dogs were deprived of .their accustomed runs ; the horses had to ba taken out for exercise by the groom ; and the various and innumerable animals about the pjlace missed their doses of alternate petting and teasing, all because Master Harry had chosen tb shut himself up in his study. ? i The mother of tlie young man very soon disco vered that her son was not devoting his hours of seclusion in that extraordinary museums of natural history to making trout-tlies, stuffing birds, and arranging pinned butterflies in cusss, aa was his custom. Thi>so were not the occupations -which now kept Trelyon up half the night. When she w.ent in of a morning, before he was up, she found, that he had been covering whole sheets of paper with careful copying out of passages taken at ran dom, from the volumes beside him. A Latin grammar waa ; ordinarily at the table-a book which the young gentleman had ; brought back from school fr«ie from thumb-marks. Occasion ally a fencing foil lay among these evidences of study; while the small aquaria, the cases of stuffed animals with fancy backgrounds, and the numerous bird- cages had been thrust aside to give fair elbo w room. "Perhaps," said Mrs. Trelyon to herself, with, much satisfaction, V perhaps, after all, that góodlittíe girl has gi ve a. him. a hint about, Parliament,-and he is preparing himself.",, [ A few days of this seclusion,1 however, began tb make the mother'anxious ; arid so, one morning, she went into his robni. Ho hastily turned over the sheet of paper on which he had been writing; then he looked up not too well pleased. ; "Harry, why do you stay indoors on such a beautiful morning ? It ia quite like summer." "Ye8, I know," he said. "I suppose we shall have a batch'of'parsens here: sutnnier always brings them. They come out with the hot weather -like butterflies." Mrs. Trelyon was shocked and disappointed ; she thpught V7enna liosewarne had cured hini bf,his insane dislike to clergymen-indeed, for many a day gone by he had kept respectfully silent on the subject. "But we shall not ask them to come if you'd rather not," phe said, wishing to do all she could to encourage the reformation of his ways. "1 think Mr. Barnes promised to visit us early in May ; but he is only one." " And one is worse than a dozen. When there's a lot you can leave 'em to fight it out among them selves. But one-to have one stalking about an empty house, like a ghost dipped in ink ! Why can't you ask anybody but clergymen, mother ? There are whole lots of people would like to run down from London for a fortnight before gettiug into the thick of the season-there's ' the Pomeroy girls aa gool as offered to come." " But they can't como by themselves," Mrs. Trel yon said, with a feeble protest. " Oh yes they can ; they're nely enough to be safe anywhere. And why don't you get Juliotr up ? She'll bo glad to get away from that old cur mudgeon for a week. And you ought to ask the Trowhellas, mother and daughter, to dinner-that old fellow ia not half a bad sort of fellow, although : he'a a clergyman." i " Harry," said his mother, interrupting him, I'll fill the house, if that will please you; and you Bhall ask just whomsoever you please." " AU right," said he ; " the place wants waking : up." " And then," said the mother, wishing to bo still ' . more gracious, " you might ask Miss llosavvarue to dine with us -she might ciune well enough, al though Mr. Eoscorla is not here." A sort of gloom fell over tho youug man's face again. " I can't ask her ; you may iE you like." Mrs. Trelyon stared. "'What is the matter. Harry ? Have you and she quarrelled P "Why, I was going to ask you, if you were down in tho ?village to-day, to say that I should like to see . her." " And how could I take such a message P" the young man said, rather wurm ly. " I don't see why , tho girl should bo ordered up to see. you as if you were conferring a favour on her by joining'in thia scheme. She's very hard-worked ; you have got plenty of timo; you ought to call ou her, and study her 'convenience, instead of making her trot all the way up hero whenever you want to talk to her." Tho líale and gentle woman flushed a little ; but she waa anxious not to give way to petulance just then. , Well, y<ni are quite right, Harry ;.it was thought less of me. I should like to go down and see her this morning; but I have sent Jakes over to the blacksmith's, and I am p.fraid of that new lad." " Oh, I will drive you down to the inn ! I sup pose among them they can put the horses to the waggonette," tho young man said, not very gra ciously; and then Mrs. Trelyon went off to get ready. It was a beautiful fresh morning; the far-off line of the sea still and blue ; the sunlight lighting up the wonderful uiassea- of primroses along the tall banks; the air sweet with the resinous odour of the gorse. Mrs. Trelyon looked with a gentle and childlike pleasure on all these things, and waa fairly inclined to be very frièhdly with the young gentleman beside her. But he was more than or dinarily silent and morose. Mrs. . Trelyon knew she had done nothing to offend him, and thought it hard she should be punished: for the sins of any body else. . He spoke scarcely a word to her as the carriage rolled along the silent highways. He dr ive rapidly and carelessly down the steep thoroughfare of ? Eglosilyan, although there were plenty of loóte stones about. Then he pulled sharply up in front of the inn; and George Eosewarne appeared. " Mr. Eosewarne, let me. introduce you to my I mother. She wants to see Miss Wenna for a few moments, if she ia not engaged." Mr. Eosewarne took.off his cap, assisted Mrs. Trelyon to alight, and then showed her the way into the house. ??-.,.. " Won't you come in, Harry P" his mother said. "No." . A nian had come out to tho horses' Heads. " You leave 'ern alone," said' the young- gentle man; - " I'shan't get down." " . Mabyn came out, her bright young faco full of pleasure. " How do you do, Mabyn ?" he said, coldly, and without offering to shake hands. "Won't you come in .for a. minuté ?" she said, rather surprised. . : ?>?'. 'y'-' : " No, thank you. Don't you stay,out'in the cold ; you've got nothing round your neck.'?: '; Mabyn went away without baying a word,; but thinking that the coolnoss of the air was much ' less apparent than that of his manner and speech. 'Being at length left to himself, he turned .his attention to the horses before him, and eventually, to pass the time, took out hi« pocket-handkerchief and began to polish the silver on the handle of the whip. Ile was disturbed in this peaoef ul oc cupation by a 'very timid voice which said, '"Mr/ Trelyon." He turned round and found that Wenna's. wistful face was looking up to him, with1 a lo ">k in it partly of friendly gladness, and partly of an xiety and entreaty. "Mr. Trelyon," she said, with her'eyes cast down, " I think you are offended with me; l am. very sorry. I beg your forgiveness." . ,The reins were fastened up in a minute,, and he, « was down in the road beside her. ". : " ". 1 "Now' look here, Wenna," he, said. y '"'What' could you mean by treating mo so unfairly P -I doii't mean in being vexed with rae ; b'ut'in'shlint-1 ing rn« off, fis it were, instead of having it out at once.- I don't think it was fair."' '. :'' ' !?' .'l' ' ? . " V am very sorry," she said. " I..??think;Pwas . very wrong ; but you don't know what' a girl fèels abolit' such things. Will you come into the inn?»: ' ,.,'-. ?. ? ;;.;>?,.-:, ? "And leave my horses ?>: No," he .said, 'good- ':. naturedly; " But aa soon as I get thntfellowout, I will; so you go in at once, and I'll follow you directly. And mind, Wenna, don't you bo so silly again ; or you and I may have a real quarrel. And I know that would break yoiir heart." :' The old pleased smile' lit up her face, again' ns she turned and went indoors ; he, meanwhile, pro ceeded to summon an ostler by shouting his1 name at the pitch of his voice. ? '- . ; '.'.'. The small party of women assembled' in the parlour were a trifle embarrassed ; it was' the first time that the great lady of the neighbourhood had honoured the inn with a visit. She herself was merely quiet, gentle, and pleased ; but Mrs. Eose warne, with her fine eyes and her sensitive face lit up und quickened by the novel excitement, was all anxiety to amuse, and interest, and pro pitiate her distinguished guest. Mabyn, too, was rather shy and embarrassed ; she said things hnstily and then seemed afraid of her interference. Wenna was scarcely at her ease, because she saw that her mother and sister were not ; and she was very an xious, moreover, that these two should think well of Mrs. Trelyon and be disposed io like her. The sudden appearance of a man, with a man's rough ways and loud voice, seemed to shake these feminine elementa better together, and to clear the air of timid apprehensions and cautions. Harry Trelyon came iuto the room with quito a marked freshness and good-nature on his face. His mother , waa surprised ; what had completely changed his manner in a couple of minutes ? . " How are you, Mr?. Eosewarne ?" he cried, in his off-hand fashion. " You oughtn't to bs indoors . on such a morning, or wo'll never get you well,_yo.u know; and the doctor will bo sending yomto Pen zance or Devonport for a change. Well, Mabyr, have you conviucod auybody yet that your rarrn labourers with their twelve shillings a week aie better off than the slate-workers with their eigh teen ? You'd better take your sister's' opinion on that point, and don't squabble with me. _ Motlier, what's the use of sitting hore? You bring Mus Wonna with you into tho waggonette; and talk to .. her thora about all ymir business affairs, aud in take you for a diive. Comealong ! And, of course, I want somebody with me: will you como, Mrs. Eosewarne, or will Mabvn ? You can 11-tuen jMftbyn must. Go, along, Mabyn, and put your ! best Vat on, and make yourself uncommonly smart, and you shall be allowed to sit next the driver < that's ruo !" And indeed he bundled the whole of them about until they were seated in the waggonette just as he had indicated ; and away they went from the inn-door. " And you think you are coming back in half an hour? he said to his companion, who was very pleased and very proud to occupy such a place. " Oh no, you're not. You're a young and simple thing, Mabyn. These two behind us will go on talking now for any time about yards ot calico, and crotchet-needles, and twopenny subscriptions; while you and I, don't you see, are quietly driving them over to Tintagel-" " Oh, Mr. Trelyon !" said Mabyn. "You keep quiet.. That isn't"the half of what's going to befall you. I shall put up the horses at thé inn, and I shall take you all down to the beach for a scramble to improve your appetite ; and at the said inn you shall have luncheon with me, if you're all very good and behave yourselves. Then we shall drive back just when we particularly please. Do you like the picture ?" "It is delightful-oh, I am sure Wenna will! enjoy it!" Mabyn said. "But don't you think, Mr. Trelyon, that you might ask her to sit here ? One sees better here than sitting sideways in a waggonette." " They have their business affairs to settle." "Yea," said Mab.yn, petulantly, "that is what everyone says; nobody expects "Wenna ever to have a moment's enjoyment to herself! Oh! here is old Uncle Cornish-he's a great friend of "Wenna's -he will be dreadfully hurt if she passes him . without saying a word." " Then we must pull up and address Uncle Cor- i nish. I believe he used to be the most thieving old ruffian of a poacher in this county." There was a hale old man of seventy or so seated on a low wall in front of one of the gardens ; his face shaded from the sunlight by a broad hat ; his lean grey hands employed in buckling up the leathern leggings that encased his spare calves. He got up when the horses stopped,'and looked in rather a dazed fashion at the carriage. " How do you do this morning, Mr. Cornish ?" "Wenna said. " Why, now, to be sure !" the old man said, as if reproaching his own imperfect vision. "'Tis a fine niarnin, Miss "Wenna, and yu bo agwoin for a drive." " And how is your daughter-in-law, Mr. Cornish ? Has she sold the pig yet ?" " Naw, she hasn't sold the peg. If yu be agwoin thru Trevalga, Miss "Wenna, just yu stop and have a look at that peg ; yu'll be mazed to' see en ; 'tis many a year agone sence there has been such a peg by me. And perhaps yu'd take the laste bit o'refrashment, Miss Wenna, as yu go by; Jane would get yu a coop o' tay to once." " Thank you, Mr. Cornish, I'll look in and see the pig some other time; to-day we shan't be ' " going as far as Trevalga." " Oh, won't you ?" said Master Harry, in a low voice, as he drove on. " You'll be in . Trevalga before you know where you are." Which was literally the case. Wenna was so much engaged in her talk with Mrs. Trelyon that she did not notice how far away they were getting fros; Eglosilyan. But Mabyn and her companion knew. They were now on the high uplands by the coast, driving between the beautiful banks which were starred with prim roses, and stitchwort, and red dead-nettle, and a dozen, other bright and tender-hued firstlings of the year. The sun was warm on the hedges and the field, but a cool breeze blew about these loft;, heights, and stirred Mabyn's splendid masses of hair as they drove rapidly along. Far over on their right, teyond the majestic wall of cliff, lay the . great blue plain of the sea; and there stood the bold brown masses of tho Sisters Rocks, with a circle of white foam around their base. As they looked down into the south, the white light was so fierce that they could but faintly discern ob jects through it ; but here and there they caught a glimpse of a square church-tower, or of a few rude cottages clustered on the high plain, and these seemed to be of a transparent grey in the blinding glare of the sun. Then suddenly in front oE them they found a deep chasm, with the white road leading down into its cool shadows. There was the channel of a stream, with the rocks looking purple amid the grey bushes ; and here were rich meadows, with cattle standing deep in the grass and the daisies ; and over there, on the other side, a strip of forest, with the sunlight shining along one side of the tall and dark green pines. As they drove down into this place, which is called the Rocky Valley, 1 a magpie rose from one of the fields and flew up into the firs. "That is sorrow," said Mabyn. Another one rose and flew up to the same spot, "And that is joy," she said, with her face brightening. " Oh, but I saw another as we came to the brow of the hill, and that means a marriage !" her com panion remarked to her. " Oh, no !" she said, quite eagerly. " I am sure there was no third one. I am certain there were only two. I am quite positive we only saw two." " But why should you be so anxious ?" Trelyon said. " You'know you ought to be looking forward to a marriage, and that is always a happy thing. Are you envious, Mabyn ?" The girl was silent for a moment or two. Then she said, with a sudden bitterness in her tone "Isn't it a fearful thing to have to be civil to people whom you hate ? Isn't it Y-when they come and establish a claim on you through some one you care for. You look at them-yes, you can look at them-and you've) got to see them kiss some one that you love ; and you wonder she doesn't rush away for a bit of caustic and cauterise the place, as you do when a mad dog biteB you." " Mabyn," said the young mnn beside her, " you are a moat unchristian sort of person this morning. Who is it you hat« in such a fashion? Will you take the reins while I walk up the hill ?" Mabyn's little burst of pnssiou still burned in her cheeks, and gave a proud and angry look to her mouth ; but she took the reins all the same, and her companion leapt to the ground, The banks on each side of the road going up this hill were tall and steep; here and there great masses of wild flowers were scattered among the ¿rass and the gorse. From time to time he stopped and picked,up a handful ; until, when they had got up to the high and level country again, he had brought together a very pretty bouquet of wild blossoms. When he got into his seat and took the reins again, he carelessly Rave the bouquet to Mabyn. " Oh, how pretty !" she said ; and then she turned round. " Wenna, are you very much en gaged ? Look at the pretty bouquet Mr. Trelyon has gathered for you." Wenna's quite face flushed with pleasure when she took the flo,vers;.and Mrs. Trelyon pleased, and said they were very pretty. She evidently thought that her son was greatly improved in his manners when he condescended to gather flowers to present to a girl. Nay, was he not at this moment devoting a whole forenoon of his precious time to the unaccustomed task of taking ladies for a drive ? Mrs. Trelyon regarded Wenna with a friendly look, and began to take a greater liking, than ever to that sensitive and expressive face, and to the quiet and earnest eyes. "But, Mr. Trelyon," said Wenna, looking round, " hadn't we botter turn ? We shall be at Trevenna directly." " Yes, you are quite right," snid Master Harry; "you will be at Trevenna directly, and you are likely to be there for some time. For Mabyn and I have resolved to have luncheon there ; and we are going down to Tintagel ; and we shall most likely climb to King Arthur's Castle. Have you any objections ?" Wenna had none. The drive through the cool and bright day had braced up her spirits. She was glad to know that everything looked promising about this scheme of hers. So she willingly sur rendered herself to the holiday ; and in due time they drove into the odd and remote little village, and pulled up in front of the inn. So soon as the ostler had come to the horses' heads, the young gentleman who had been driving jumped down and assisted his three companions to alight ; then he led the way into the inn. In the doorway stood a stranger-probably a commercial traveller-who, with Iiis hands in his pockets, his legs apart, and. a cigar in his mouth, had been visiting those three ladies with a very hearty stare as they got out of the carriage. Moreover, when they came to the doorway he did not budge an inch, nor did he take his cigar from his mouth ; and so, as it had never been Mr. Trelypn's fashion to sidle past any one, that young gentleman made straight for the middle of the passage, keeping his shoulders very square. The consequence was a collision. The imperturbable person with his hands in his pockets was sent staggering against the wall, while his cigar dropped on the stone. " What the devil-!" he was beginning to say, when Trelyon got the three women past him and into the small parlour ; then he went back. ' " Did ybu wish to speak to me sir ? No, yo* didn't-I perceive you are a prudent person. Next time ladies pass you, you'd better take your cigar out of your mouth, or somebody'll destroy thai two pennyworth of tobacco for you. Good morn ing." Then he returned to the little parlour, to which a waitress had been summoned. . " Now, Jinny, pull yourself together and let'i have something nice for luncheon-in an hour's time, sharp- you will, won't you? And how about that sillery with the blue star-not the stuff with the gold head that some abandoned ruffian in Ply mouth brews in his back garden. Well, can't you speak ?" "Yes, sir; but what would you like for lun cheon ?" " My good girl, we should like a thousand things for luncheon such as Tintagel never saw ; but what you've got to do is to give us the nicest things you've got, do you see ? I leave it entirely in your hands. Come along, young people." And so he bundled his charges out again into tho main street of the village ; and somehow it happened that Mabyn addressed a timid remark to Mrs. Trelyon, and that Mrs. Trelyon, in answer ing it. stopped for a moment; so that Mastei Harry was sent to Wenna's side, and these two led the way down the wide thoroughfare. There were few people visible in the old-fashioned place here and there an aged crone came out to the dooi of one of the rude stone cottages to look at thc strangers. Overhead the sky was veiled over witt a thin fleece of white cloud ; but the light was in tense for all that; and indeed the colours of the objects around seemed all the more clear anc marked. "Well, Miss Wenna," said the young man, gaily, " how long are we to remain good friends ? WhaJ is the next fault you will have to find with me ? Or have you discovered something wrong al ready ?" " Oh, no !" she said, with a quiet smile, " I an very good friends with you this morning. You have pleased your mother very much by bringing her for this drive." " Oh, nonsense !" he said. " She might have ai many drives as. she chose; but presently you'I find a lot o' those parsons back at the house, anc she'll take to her white gowns again, and the play ing of the organ all. the day long, and all thal sham stuff. I tell you what it is; she never seem alive-she never seems to take any interest in any thing-unless you're with her. Now you will sei how the novelty of this luncheon-party in an im will amuse her ; but do you think she would can for it if she and 1 were here alone. ?" " Perhaps you never tried ?" Miss Wenna said gently. " Perhaps I knew she wouldn't come- However, don't let's have a fight. I mean to be very civil tc you to-day-I do, really." "I am so much obliged to you," she said meekly. " But pray don't give yourself unneces ary trouble." " Oh !" said he, " Pd always bo civil to you 1 you would treat mo decently. But you say fa more rude things than I do-in that soft way, yoi know, that looks as if it were all silk and honej I do think you've awfully little consideration fo human failings. If one goes wrong in the leas thing-even in one's spelling-you say somethiuj that souuds as pleasant as possible, and all thi sn me it transfixes you just, as you stick a pii through a beetle. You are very hard, you are-, moan with thoso who would like to be friend with you/-'V''When''"it's:mere'':strarigeirfl,: and cot tagers, and people of that sort, who'don't care a brass farthing about you, wkon I believe you're all gentleness and kindness; but to your real friends-the edge of a saw is smooth compared to you." ? (TO BU CONTINUED,) 