AN IRISH GHOST STORY. An Irish Ghost story has generally some thing to do with tho banshco, or death warncr, but n supornnturul incident which is said to bavo occurred in tho wilds of Kerry lately is enfliAianl.lv thrillinfr. nltlifiimh the nnnnrntinn concerned bad no hereditary standing. It seems that a woman residing in Glenflesk re ceived a call from tho spirit of her husband, a "man of tho farming class, dressed in a shroud and white stockings and gloves." The farmer in white gloves stated that sinco his death, 9ome months hack, although ho ought to ho in heaven, he was detained clsowhcro on acoouot of owing a sum of £lo to frionds of his, and ho bogged of his wife to give him tbo monoy. The woman in full faith handed him £10, and promised to bring him tbo rest in a fow days if lib oamo for it. Meanwhile she wont and told tho priost the cirouuistanoes of the case, and tiii9 gentlemen noted very differ ently from the olorical monitor of Mioky Free, who may ho remembered by tbo readers of " Charles O'Malloy." When, tho ghost in complete barial costume arrived for tho hank-note be was at onco removed by a couple of polico, and proved, as ghosts do in our d&y;, to bo a mere pretender, playing a part, who will bavo to answer for his misconduct before a magistrate. There was a touch of real dramutio cunning in tho fashion in which this rogue tried to impose on tbo simplo widow. The shroud, the sfockings, and, above all, the gloves, wero at onco recogoised by the poor woman as tbo most fitting garments for her husband, as thoy were tho last in which she had soon him. If he had prcscntod himself in tho more questionable guise of a flannel jacket and corduroys she might have wondered bow he contrived to proouro achnngo of working clothes. Horo is a hint for spiritualists who have somo difficulty in recon ciling concrete flounces with ghostly phantoms. The Glenflesk Ghost has not solvod tho pro blem, but his rigid adhcrooco to ch&rnol; pro perties ought to bo a lesson to tboso who repre sent spirits in sliootinc coats or walkioe dresses.—' Daily News.' Tho John Bull says : — A rural dean in the diocoso of Rochester vouches for the RubRtnntlnl accuracy of the following statement An old Mr. Attwood died recently near Cheuthunt. He wns about eighty years old and a bachelor; rich, but living very quietty. Ho is discovered to have been the giver of nil the anonymous £l,OOOchequed. Ilis books show that ho gave away £350,000 in this way ; £45,000 within tho timl year. Ho has left more thun a million sterling an<i no will. Mr. Attwond is said to have bceu conuccted with tho Birmingham AU woods, and to have mado his monoy principally by glass. A thoiisftnd-ponnd note was found iying about the room, ns if it had been wasto paper. The Times of January tho 4th re ferring to tho abovo gays:— A partially inaccurate account of the benefactions of tho late Mr. Benjn. min Attwood, of Chosthunt, to hospitals nnd other clmritnble bodies in London having been made public, his administrators and relations, though they did not, any moro than himself, desire to make bin life and character seem matters of con. corn to any beyond his private circle, yet think that it may he aa well that tho notice may he rendered moro correct. His own private fortuno augmented hy that of tho Into Mathias Wolverly Attwood, M.P-, which had been bequeathed to him 6ome years Ago, wns to a large amount die. tributed hy himself in his own lifetime, partly by ontirnly anonymous benefactions to the extent of upwards of £375,000 to tlio institutions abovo re ferred to, nnd partly as gifts to a nearly similar amount to numerous more or less distant rotations by blood or otherwise, leaving a still very large pro perty to bo distributed, in tho absence of a will, among thoso by law ontitlcd to it. Mark Twain on Bad Musicians. — It is a snbjoct of general remark among druggists that no modicioo introduced in Australia has met with so largo a sale as Wzston's Wizard On. Possessing such healing and curative qualities, this great American remedy has a wide range of application and useful ness. It far exceeds the expectations of the most sanguine, eliciting the loudest praise, and makes permanent iiviug advertising mediums of all who use it. Cnmpiis-d entirely of henling gums, vegeta ble oils, and herbs, Wkston's (Vizard Oit» 