LECTU'RE ON FIJI. Dr. Macartney delivered his lecture on 7 England's Cannibal Colony in, the large hall of the Mechanics' Institute on Wed nesday night last. Owing to the out-door B excitement caused by the Caledonian B sports, and the fact that other meetings I] on important business were being simnul- v taneously held, the audience was not so tl large as 'it would otherwise have, been. tc Mr George Ross, J.P., occupied the chair. a The learned lecturer on coming on the na 'platform was warmly welcomed. He began si by saying that after naming the subject of fc the lecture he was really perplexed as to a which of the milltitude of scenes he had si witnessed, of the manners and customs n which he had learned, and of the miedita- tc tions and conclusions he had formed re- tc specting Fiji, he. should tell his audience e: first. He proceeded to take a rapid glance it at the geography and history of the coun- 1 try. It consists of about 200 islainds of p various sizes, 'of which only about 80 are p inhabited; They are all of volcanic origin e; and are situated between 15deg.30nmin. w and O0ded. 30min.'S., and 177deg. E. and o 178dcg. W. 'rhey were disdovered by s, Tasman in the year 1643, an 'subsepuently s, visited by trading vessels to fish for beche v de mer, and obtain sandal wood for the tl Chinese niarket. No, landing of' white .g settlers had been effected, when in 1806 an open boat coiitaining 27 'rinaway convicts r from New South WVales found their way ti over the ocean to the "Rewa, a fine river .h and district iri Fiji' The.Rewa chiefs re- 'c garded these men as more than human "f beings, and finding them useful in all kinds a of ways'pirotected "their lives. 'Degene- t rated into'sivakes themselves they had all died before 1838, except Paddy Connor, t who would not' think of dying until his 1 family, which then numbered only 48, had c beeti raised to 50. Having phtained the summit of his ambition, in 1840 he cheer, fillly gave up the ghost. (Roars of laugh- a teir.) But in 1835 a few white traders es- d tablished-themselves on' the spot' where r the town of Levuka now stands. The chief of that place agreed to protect them. t .Their numbers increased very slowly, but the little settlement was deemed worthy of consular agencies' for British and Ameri can citizens. Fiji was hurried into.no toriety through the conduct of the Ame rican consul, who accused the Fijians of f burning down his buildings, and demanded of King Cakobau compensation for the c damage. Cakobanu feared the American ship of war and her "cast-iron reasons;" ( but England declining to take the islands I and pay his debt to the American Govern ment, lie was obliged to throw hliself t into the arms of a few Melbourne specu- t lators, who, forming the Polynesiau Com pany, paid the debt, £9,000, and obtained in return the promise of 200,000 acres of land in Fiji. Thus that country sprung i into notice, and no doubt accelerated that annexation which has made cannibal Fiji i a colony of the British Empire. But Britons under all circumstances have an inherent propensity towards law and order, and to give force to this instinct they established a form of goverument I under the old king, of which he (the Doc tor) was the law adviser, when lie resigned it to return to Victoria. It, however, was crippled for the want of sufficient revenue to carry out its intentions, and must have immediately collapsed when fortunately annexation took place. The lecturer in describing the " eternal battle" which is waged by the waves against the great coral reef around Viti Levu 'island-the towering and colossal hills-the rich verdure, and the reef's "voice, varying according to wind and tide from a low and sad oman to the deep and solemn sound of distant thunder"-was truly graphic. He next treated of the origin of the Fijian .people, wbhom he believes to be a mongrel race built up of mi grations fronm the great mainlands in more northern latitudes, and to have been carried to the Fijian group by storms or other accidents, or choice. They had among them legends of the creation of man, and of the Tower of Babel, and of the tlood. The first human couple they say were hatched by the chief of their gods out of two eggs, of which he once robbed a bird's nest. The incubation produced a little boy and a little girl. These lihe placed in a sunny garden, and when they in after years discovered each other they became man and wife, and from them all Fijians sprung. The learned gentleman then traced the life of a Fijian froin his cradle to his grave, and beyond Iit. FrOm their very birth they weie taught I to be ferocious and unfeeling. The mother seemed to be the only one who possessed affection for the child. Polygamy used to be prevalent, and he left it to the audience to pity the man who had a houseful of wives. They quarrelled continually, and sometimes eat or otherwise disposed of the noses, and ears or fingers or toes of their rivals. The husband` looked on with pleasure, many a time praying that they would devour each other up. For the sick and aged there was no compassion. Sometimes the sick were laid out and waked before they were quite dead. In some cases they used to kill one or two of the wives of a departed chief to accompany him to the unseen world. On their way fromt this world to the other, old bachelors fared very badly. The ferry over which their spirits have to cross is carefully guarded by the ghost of a disappointed old maid, who, on seeing the ghost of an old bachelor attempting to swim over, rushes at it with furious rage and endeavours to annihilate it by hugging. (At this part of the lecture the audience was fairly con vulsed with laughter.) Cannibalism was next referred to, hut the doctor gave only what he as coolly as possible called "mild instances." The 'mild instances" consisted of "a mere outline" of how Totnva, a chief of Bau. some years ago had tried' and had cooked a nephew of his own for treason. Another was the case of a black missionary, whose body had been exhumed :three.days after interment and eaten by the Livoni tribe, These " mild.instances" of the horrors of savageism should, if once witnessed, deter mine the civilised world independently of commercial calculations to extend their philanthropy to all such barbarous lands. He regretted that time would prevent him from dealing fully with the planters life and prospects in Fiji. AIany obstacles had yet to be cleared away before Fiji can become, if ever, a profitable field for capi tal or labor. He would caution people against acting in this matter without long and careful deliberation. " Who had ever made money in Fiji? It would be much easier to find many who had lost." If the country had one half its reported capa bilities, -British annexation would tend to their development. But what really were its'capabilities? Make sure of. that point. It must, however, be the earnest hope of the' civilised world that Fiji, the only cannibal colony of Britain, will be soon so transformed under British rule as to re flect honor on that empire. The learned lecturer concluded amid loud applause. After,. the usual votes of thanks the audience departed, amused and instructed about Fiji. 