GKE AT BRITAIN. BISHOP VATJGHAN ON' CATHOLIC INFALLIBILITY. On Sunday, November 18th last, the Bishop of Salford held a confirmation at St. Mark's ,, Church Sumlesbury, near Preston. Before administering the rite his Lordship ad dressed the candidates and congregation at considerable length. After describing the .,, manner in which the Holy Ghost descended upon the Church on the day of Penticost, he proceeded : — ' And why then do we speak of the Pope as infallible, and why do we speak of the Church as infallible? what makes the rope infallible, and what makes the Church infallible? The answer is . simply this. 'What makes them infallible is the presence of the Holy Ghost. It is through that Divine presence leading the Church in the way of truth that the Church . Is infallible, therefore if any one tells you . ?:- that the Church is composed of men, and that . men can make mistakes, and teach false doc trines you may say, ' Quite timeif the Church were only composed of man, she would soon go to pities. But the Catholic Church is composed of more than man, it is composed of God and man. The Catholic Church can ..; not last without God, aud the Catholic Church, therefore, is something that is Divine, Divine because she comes of God, . ituu ucciiuse ui lue presence oi mat xlOiy Spirit which was promised by the Lcrd Jesus Christ to His Church on Whit-Sunday. The first thing of which the Catholic Church is composed is of God, therefore the Catho lic Church is Divine. And the second thing which the Catholic Church, is com posed of is men. Now men may fall into error, and commit sin, indeed we often hear of great scandals even amongst Cat ho ???'. lies. We behold Catholics neglecting their duties, neglecting sometimes to go to Mass . and Confession, and sometimes traducing their neighbours. But the Catholic Church cannot err, it cannot teach anything that is false, either as to doctrine, or piety, or moral life. Why not? Is not the Catholic Church composed of men ? Is not the Pope a man ? Are not the priests and bishops men ? Why then cannot they teach error, and instruct the people to do evil ? For this simple reason, that the Holy Ghost is with the Church, ..... and with the Pope and the bishops and the priests, and it is that which preserves the Church from error. And therefore we have, no difficulty in telling those who ask us why the Church is infallible, and why the Pope : is infallible. It is impossible to separate the Holy Ghost from the Church, and some say fche Catholic Church is infallible, the Catholic Church which is to live for ever. It is the Holy Spirit which makes the Church infalli ble, and it is this same Holy Spirit which .preserves the Pope from teaching error when he speaks as the Head of the Church. He is, in fact, for this purpose, the mouthpiece of the Holy Ghost. Hence we have the Catholic Church the one true Church. But if you look outside the Catholic Church, what do you behold? You behold men divided into a hundred different sects, jarring and contending one against another as to what the truth is. Some say, it is this. Another says, no, it is that. One says Christ is in the closets, another says He is out in the streets ; and one says He is here, while another says He is there. And so they go on. You cannot find one sect that teaches the true doctrine, and that is because they have not the Holy Ghost. Now we, as Catholics, have the great advantage of knowing what the truth is. It is through no merit on our part that we possess this advantage. It is not because we are made of some different material to other people, ? nor because we are personally better than others. It is simply because the Holy Ghost is in the Church. It is the Holy ;Ghost that teaches and is infallible. It is the Holy Ghost that speaks through the ? mouths of the pontiffs and bishops of the Church of God.' His Lordship went on to explain that the Holy Spirit came with a personal love for each single soul, and sub squently made an eloquent appeal on behalf of the Salford Diocesan Seminary for the practical training of young men who were intended for the Miniscry, in the routine of Church and Parish work. Some £4000 to £5OoO, he said, was still required tor this object. 