I SYDNEY LETTER. "[mOM A COttBESPONDBNr.] ? ,' As you will doubtless have noted from tho Sydney .pallors, tho railway policy of tho prcsont Govornmont, as shadowed forth in the Estimates just laid upon tho table of tho Houso, docs not embrace anything.: for tho construction of a line botwoon tho Clarence .and Now England tableland, tho survoys not being sulllukintly forward to lay boforo Parliament, wliiou no doubt yourselves, ¡md many résidants, hara, who fool an intarost in your district will ho norry to hoar j mid, unless you eau agitato or bring mino pressure to bear whon tho Bubject of railway extension is .bahut discussed in tho Assembly, 1 nm afraid that it will ba very ninny yours boforo yen cnn hopo to sport tho iron horse. After tho bland manner in whioh your deputation was recoivo.1, mid promises ninda, you fancied that already you heard tho sound of tho steam whistle amongst thu gum treas, but you little know what you hnvo to contend against ; and uiidor present circumstances it would perhaps lia hotter to go in for tho iinprovoiuont of tho navigation of your river, and gut additional representation, boforo you ask so much. What cnn you oxpact with only ona member in thu llousu against all thu vested interests that centra in and around this city, and tho votos of which uro studied by those in pnwor. Ucspuotiiig thosu interests a Sydney paper says,-" A nuinbor of laud speculators, who possess seats in Parliament or Parliamentary influence, hnvo taken up blocks nf coal laud between Sydney and Wollongong. On Mr liobortson's loan estimate, no loss a sum than £740,000 is proposed to ho borrowod to construct a railway to Wollnnmiiii; to mien out these lirotiol'tiea. For thc bondit uf thuso speculators, therefore, tho pooplo of Now South Wales muât bo saddled with ii porinnnont ilobt in tho aluipo nf interest of soino ¿'35,000 tn £?10,000 ii your." Tilia muy or nilly not bo truu, hut whou yon look tit tho iniior workings of our l'nr liiiuiontnry institutions, it cannot ho wondered nt that \tho wonk in voting power go to tho wall. Thara aro various reasons assigned hero for tho failure of your scheme, snob as the following :-1. Tho jealousy that exista in certain quarters against your district, and ¡thu rapid progress iiiadu therein within tho last few years, and of wdiich tho fellowing ndvurtisomont which appeared in the X. M. Ileralil of tho 3ni instant, is nu example :-".CiiOO.OOO wauled.-Individuals, bodios corporate, or others having the above little slim at uoiumanil, and Unding same an encumbrance, can, learn ut what bunds tu oust it hy applying to Lady tirufton, Cluroiiuo Uiver j or tho Duck and Drnko Company, Grafton." 2. That largo sums of muiioy has been spout at various times in your district, in tho construction of thu Newton lloyd and other works, which it is thought should ho recouped to tho Govern- ment boforo a lino uf railway eau hu proved to be re- quired, 3. That tho scheme laid butoro tho Govern- ment is ill delined, ono wanting tho railway boro, and another there, while tho surveyors have emphatically decided against several of tho routes proposod, in consequence of tho heavy country tn bo gone through. Much good has huon dono by thu agitation sn far, hut it is ll question, whether it would nut bu hotter (sup- posing tho Government surveyors to jib upon-thu mut-, tor) to send out a party, and have a cheap " Hying " survey mada nt your own expense, which could lio lithographed anil laid before I'lirliiunont with any futuro petition you might present. Thura aro many . gentlemen about who Know thu country woll, and lt would bo «uroly worth your while to show how it could hu douo, than have thu whole thing shelved. Above all, you should bu unanimous, ns ii houso di- vided against itself lina not tho ghost of a chance hero ! it must work shoulder tu shuuldor. Wu havo had inure deputations during tho week, and tho latest, for Saturday afternoon trains to thu Blue Mountains, will lind, great favour in this city. Under this arrangement those tired of bricks mid mortar, mid desirous of seeing natura in all her sublimity, caii leave the crowd, far behind onco a wodi, and return on Munday mornings Uko giants refreshed j whilo several of our leading cits havu built residences on tho wood-crowned heights, and Norval; liko, their only caro seems to bo to increase their, store, mid keep their wives and families at homo. To thoso men who live by thoir brniiiB theao moun- tain homos will provo invaluable, ns already one or two literary mon have llown tho town, and aro now said to bo cudgeling their brains for now Christmas stories, whilo they murmur "Homo to our moun- tains lot us rotiirn, lovo." ' It looks rathol' ominous. docs it not, after sjiojuliny divers sums of monoy in doing up tho Parliamentary buildings, that tho members thereof live in fear and trembling. Tho other evening as ono of tho Ministry n'as speaking, a loud crash mis heard, which tumlo tho very chairs flounce, while ninny momhers could scarce pronounce, if thoy were safe ol' shot. Then tho door opened, and with a fuco ns white as his ernvnt, and oyes gleaming liko n startled cat, a messenger appeared, whoso explanation ivas, that tho coiling in au adjoining room .used hy members lind fallon, and if those gentlemen hud not been whare they woro tho consequences might have been serious, lt is a singular fact, as stated hy tho Into Speaker, that Ciovenunoiit plaster won't stick. Hotter far to coin mollee tho now Houses of rnrlhuiiuut, and not sink any moro hard cash lu [latching up buildings not 'worthy thu Parliament and tho colony. Tho Chuvort has como back safo and sound, mid sonic of tho crew toll strange taloa of tho country, al- though they nil unite in saying that thu dilllcultios to bo contended against exist only iii imagination, or aro such ns might ho ovcrcomu hy any mon of onorgy. They say they n ero all cigar to push along, mid un moitulizo themselves, hut tho inastor-siiirit of tho party would not go on, lind hunco tho coilapso of thu whole nll'nir. Clearly tho love nf adventure is dying out horn, mid our maritime discoveries will not astonish tho world. News luis arrived boro that tho Agricultural Hall, a part of tho Vhihululpliia Exhibition, has huon blown down hy a high wind. . lt is composed of wood and glass, and consisted of ti long nave crossed hy tinco trausopts, both unvo and trunaept being cumposod of Howe truss archos of a (lotliiu form. Should tho ucwa ho correct no doubt brother .lomithuii will hnvo it ll)) again all right by tho timo required. I tis stated that au invitation will ho sent lo tho Queen to atlouil tho Centennial celobration, which subject lura been 'thus urged hy tho Xtu> i'urk Sun;-"Tho coming hither of this royal lady would make thu cords that bimi tho two nations not merely an electric ivire, across which cnnmierco sends his mcssngwi of mutual interest, but a living bond, palpitating willi blood fresh flinn thu heart nf tho American people. Tho jimmey across tho Atlantic ia not now au adair of moment, and sttro nf such a greeting aa not oven hoi' ?mist loyal and attached subjects could givo her, Vic- toria would como aa thu messenger of peace and im- personal iou nf tho dignity of the honoured matron, equally respected in thu two countries." 1 mil norry to say that our Victorian neighbours aro getting along anyhow of late, a bitter fond axist ing between rind lenders of froo tindo and protection, while thu debates itt thu House linvu Uccu vary warm. Ciciitlcinuii in that colliny havo forgotten alt their little hymns about " children, you should novar lot your angry passions risc," hat aro doing thoir best' to ruin that lino colony with faction lights, lt in a great blessing that tho masaos work lind aro con- tented, or else thcru would hu a capslzo of thu whole concern. lt is unfortunate that «Mr Iliginhothaiii, who closed tho hist duliatu with n grand speech, should have such a small following, us 1 imagine he is head mid shoulders above those with whom ho is aerociatod. Spending thoir income fieoly, they must now meet tho dilliculty, which they cannot bettor than by accepting thu proposal of Sir .1. JI 'Culloch. 1 may mention that wo mu gulling thirsty hero, mid sumo idea of tito dryness ol' tho season may ho gathered from tho very unusual circumstaiico of water being advertised for salo to tho inhabitants of New- town and Dalmain. Tho Town Clerk of tho City Corporation aiiuotiiicoa that a niau with a hydrant hosu will bo «tut¡onad at thc junction nf PniTumattu streut lind Nuwtown Hoad, to supply tho inhabitants of Newtown with watur, al ono shilling pur load, Mr Chester, of Hurry's Hay, advertises that puro wntor, approved lind used by her Majesty's navy, uun hu ob tnfnud by tho inhabitants of Dalmain, nt sixpence pur cask. Ducontbur 7. Sciirlut fever lia» extended to almost every part of thu colony ot V'iutorla. Thu Central Donni uf Health (nays thu Argua) has received reports of thu outbreak of tho épidémie (rum Donald, in thu St, Arnaud district, hom thu »hires nf Korong, Corio, and North Uvons, from Stawell ami Nillumbik, Thu local hoards rupurt that thoy are enforcing regulations, lu fres- ton other oases havu appeared. Thu vuhmblu ell'eutn of isolating Die cusen ot il ¡«miso in shown hy tho result at Stawell, whore tho uno casu willoh occurred waa immediately isolatod, and tho further diffusion of tho disease iirovoiitcil. Tho desirability nf giving tho Central Moimi increased power to ouforeo thu Isolation nf eases nf disease lu opidomlus of this kimi has hoon forcibly shown in thu proaunt outbreak, Tho COJOS whloh appeared lu Molbounio, lind tho first casca hoon promptly isolated, tho further dissemination of tho dlsoasu might have boon provontod. 