THEATRICALS. ' Nothing extenuate, nor »et down aught in malice.' Madame Adelaide Ristori selected Lady Macbeth as tho piece de resistance for her benefit, followed by the comedy ' Mad for a Purpose.' The version of ' Macbeth ' played was a four- act adaptation, with the witch business, incan tations, &c.;, (except in the first act) cut out, and the tragedy otherwise trimmed so as to bring the heroine into every possiDie prominence, xne uiaiogue is aiso grottuy curtailed ; still many of the leading' features are preserved in their integrity, and the piece is, taken altogether, an attractive one, and would, I imagine, have drawn more thaa one audience. It was, however, the only drama for which Madame Ristori came unprepared, as it was not originally her intention to play it upon her tour. Consequently, the stock scenery of tne theatre had to be used, and the com pany were also obliged to furnish themselves with costumes. Moreover, although they played marvellously well under the circumstances, yet it wa3 clear that they were by no means at home in their parts. The assistance of the prompter was rather unpleasantly palpable ; even Madame herself ( mirabile dictu) appearing occasion ally in need of it. The enthusiasm, however, with which Italian actors identify themselves with their busi ness, goes far to carry them through any trouble of this description. The ' army ' were wonderfully arrayed ; and why a dish of hard-boiled eggs should be the chief deli cacy of the banquet puzzled folks not a little. Madame Ristori's delineation of Lady Macbeth is very striking. She has formed her own conception of the part and carries it through with the most conscientious accuracy and elaborate attention to detail. Lady Macbeth is am bitious, of harsh determination, fixed in purpose, the abso lute guide and controller of her husband ; and that not so much by masculine superiority of mind as by pliant cajolery, and all those skilful wifely arts of which clever women understand so well how to avail themselves. She rather coaxes than persuades Macbeth into his crimes ; she points out to him with such facile discourse the readiness with which the deed may be accomplished, that he is half persuaded at the outset. When, however, conscience *1 ? L: ? ? ? v.. uiiu snj euaipij tuai uc auu uoi tuttb uo has resolved to ' proceed no further with this business,' she overwhelms him with withering scorn ; but when she has once more subdued him to her purpose, she is again the smiling beguiler — the most insidious and dangerous of coaxers. In the murder scene her acting is very gowerful, though quiet and devoid of ultra display. She as nerved herself for the horrors of the night by large draughts of wine — ' that which hath made them drunk, hath made me bold' — all her movements are stealthy and cat- like, all her energies are concentrated upoa supporting and composing the half -affrighted Macbeth. Even wheu he refuses to take back the daggers, and she snatches them from him, she is perfectly quiet, perfectly subdued ; there must be no detection, and consequently, coBt what it might, the deed should be completed. Then, again, when the knocking comes to the gate, she exerts herself to pacify her guilty and distracted husband, and lead him away. In the banquet scene Madame Ristori made the utmost of all the details of the situation, although to my mind the ghost business was awkwardly managed, and I prefer to see the tragedian address himBelf to the empty chair only, a plan not unfrequently adopted now by the best actors. To wit ness a substantial, flesh and blood ghost stalk into a ban quet-room and take a chair savours somewhat of tho ridiculous, even in Shakespere ; and we almost expcct to see him help himself to a glass of wine, and ' trouble' the hostess for a slice of turkey. No one- is supposed to see the apparition except Macbeth, and why may it not have been as much an hallucination of his fevered brain as were the 'air-drawn daggers?' I regret that space precludes me from dwelling upon the many excellences of this impersonation. The sleep-walking scene in English I have already commented upon ; suffice it, therefore, to say that Ristori's acting was as marked and vivid as usual. Signor Majeroni's Macbeth is an impersonation quite worthy of this gifted actor, although rather too melodramatic for an English audience. He depicts the Thane with all the glowing colours, all the warmth and susceptibility of sunny Italy's children, forgetting that Macbeth was a hud, cold-blooded, half barbarous son of the North. And all the details were worked up in con . formity. Where, for instance, the bell rings, and Macbeth exclaims, ' Hear it not, Duncan, for it is the knell That summons thee to Heaven or to Hell there is a tremendous clap of thunder to impart that sen sational element to the situation which it does not require. Setting this apart, however, the Signor's conception was a clever one. His delivery of the dagger soliloquy was in admirable taste, graphic, vivid to the highest degree, and he was compelled, after going through it, to return upon the stage and bow his acknowledgments of the - ap plause with which ha was greeted. His rendering of tho murder scene was also highly impressive, but with rather a tendency to exaggerate. Certainly had Macbeth raved in such a style he would have - awakened even the sleepy porter. In the banquet scene, however, there was little or nothing to desire. But Signor Majeroni would have dona well had he allowed the tragedy to terminate with tho sleep-walking scene, or at any. rate have allowed himself to - be killed quickly. It was clear that neither he nor Signor Viscardi (Macduff) understood anything of this species -of swording, and their combat was a ludicrous mixture of foil-playing in attitude; and blows rained down as if from - a two- lianded sword. There was a fair distribution of parts, but Signor Aleotti had, for this clever young artist, a very thankless character as Malcolm. ' Mad for a Purpose ' is a pleasant little comedy, trans lated by Miss - Soloman,. of this city. The plot is based upon the arch roguery of Norina, a young wife, who,- after eight years of separation from her husband, feigns to be - insane to test his affection for her. He is at - first entrapped, bat afterwards discovering the trick, himself assumes to be mad, and so turns . the tables. With this are mixed up the adventures of Cristina, a highly-educated and eccentric young lady whom her father wishes to incarcerate in a quiet private - asylum in order to avoid the expense of maintaining her. There is also, professor Enstachio, a sort of Dr. Dulcamara, who has a specific for the instantaneous cure of madness, and who is a good deal worried on all sides. Madame Ristori's Norma was a charming piece of comic acting, irresistibly funny from the beginning ; her madness was deliciously absurd ; the style in which she sat down in a chair and first cried like a spoilt child, then laughed convulsively . without reason, and then, flinging a tablecloth round her, declaimed like a tragedy Queen — was immensely amusing. So also was the summary vengeance she executed upon her faithless husband by affecting not to recognize him, boxing his ears, and pulling him by the hair from one end of the room to the other. Signor Majeroni was equally good as ? Blinvil, the husband-; and he provoked convulsions of laughter by the manner in which he, when assuming to be - mad, tortured old Eustachio (who had professed his power to cure him) by approaching the latter, as if fascinated, with a senseless grin upon his countenance, and then when near him suddenly becoming ferocious, pouncing upon him like a wild-beast, and dragging him about. Eustachio was very wittily impersonated by Signor C. Risteii ; and Cristina found a charming exponent in Signora Glech. The theatre was beautifully decorated with flowers, green boughs, and a profusion of flags. Bouquets were thrown upon the stage until it was -completely littered with them ; and a complimentary address was presented by Dr Bennett on behalf of a number of gentlemen. On Saturday night Madame Ristori appeared as ' Medea, * and ' Mad for a Purpose,'.' and delivered her faraweii to 'B A.O0M . — Good baoon is in demand, and there is a mo- I derate supply in the various stores. Meat. — The market for good meat is on the rise, mat too, lamb, and pork being very scarce and selling at ad vanced prices. The prices given below are for first-class meat. Brbadstuffs. — Cereals are improving in value in re sponse to an advance in the Adelaide market. Prime Ade laide wheat sells rapidly at 5s. 9d., and it is a question whether a large parcel could be purchased at that figure. Adelaide flour is in good demand, country brands going off easily at £12, and town at £12 10s. to £13, Sydney mill brings from £11 10s. to £12 10s., and fine flour can be placed at from £10 to £10 10b. Cheese. — Cheese has been scarce for some time, the ' supply not being equal to the demand. Fobagb. — Oaten hay is still dear, the late drought having seriously affected and retarded the growth of our crops. We are consequently, dependant upon importations from South Australia and Victoria, for necessary supplies. Large quantities have been received from there during the past ?week. The best is worth from £7 10s. to £8 ; middling about from £5 10s. to £6 10s. Lucerne is plentiful, and sells readily at from £4 to £5 for good quality. Bran keeps its value, and sells easily wholesale, at Is. 6d. per bushel. Onions. — Onions are dull of sale, and can be purchased for about £11 per ton. Fruit. — The samples of fruit now in the market are not -very tempting. Apples, oranges, and pine apples especially being very scarce. Apples are quoted at from 12s. to 20s. per case, and oranges and lemons, at from 8s. to lis., and 9s. to 12s. per case respectively. Strawberries have brought as high as 15d. per quart, wholesale. Vegetables. — Vegetables of all kinds are still ad vancing in price, owing to the continued droughts. Farmers are crying out for rain, and in many gardens the plants are snowing signs ef drooping. The sample at present in the markets is consequently not at all good, but yet high prices are obtained. The following are yesterday's prices wholesale and retail. Wholesale. Retail. The MiUa — Bakers' silk-dressed superfine flour, bags included, per to* of 2090 lbs ? £12 to £13 Seotmds, ditto, ditto ? £10 to £10 10s Braa, per bushel ? Is 6d Biscuit, cabin, per 100 lbs ? 21s Nary, ditto ? 15s Bread, per 24b loaf ? ? 3dto4d Butchers' Meat — Beet, per lb.... 2|d to 2Jd 3d to 5d Mutton, per ditto ? 2dto2{d 2Adto4d Fork, per ditto ? 6d 6jd to 7d VeaL per. ditto ? 4d 5dto6d Lamb, per quarter ? 3s 6d to 4s 4s 6d to 5s Poultry— Fowls, per couple ? 4s 6d to 4s 9d 5s 6d to 6s Sd Ducks, per ditto ? 5b to 5s 6d 6s to 6s Sd Geese, per ditto ? Ss to 7s 7s to 8s Turkeys, per ditto ? ? 7s to 14s 8s to 16s Pigeoas, per ditto ? Is to Is 6d 2s to 2s Sd Babbits— per pair ? 2s to 3s Roasting pigs, each ? 5s to 7s 6d (Is to 9s j Dairy Produce— Butter* per lb.. 6d to 9d Is Cheese, per ditto ? 7dto8d Is Bacon, per ditto ? 6d to 8d 9d to is Lard, per ditto ? 4dto6d 6dto9d Eggs, per dozen ? lOd to is Is to Is 3d Vegetables — Potatoes, per ton.. £4 10s to £5 10s Onions, per ton ? ? ? £11 to £11 10s Cabbages, per dozen ? Is to 4s 2s to 6s Cauliflowers, per ditto ? 2s to 5s 3s to 8s Lettuces, per ditto ? 6d to Is Is to 2s Cucumbers, per ditto ? 8s to 12s 12s to 18s Turnips, per dozen bunches ? Is 6d to 2s 2s to 3s Carrots, per ditto ditto ? Is to Is 6d Is 6d to 2s 6d Parsnips, per ditto ditto ? Is 6d to 2s 2s fid to 3s Beetroot, per ditto ditto ? 2s to 3s 4s to 6s Leeks, per ditto ditto ? 2s to 3s 3s to 5s Rhubarb, per ditto ditto ? 2s to 4s 4s to 6s Celery, per ditto ditto ? 2s to 4s 3s to 5s Asparagus, per ditto ditto ? 6s to 8s 8s to 12s Green Peas, per bushel ? 5s to 5s 6d 6s 6d to 8? French beans, per ditto ? 7s to 8s 10s to 12s Broad beans, per ditto ? 3s to 4s 5s to 6s Fruit — Oranges, per case ? 8s to lis Lemons, per ditto ? 9s to 12s Apples, per ditto ? 12s to 20s Passion fruit, per dozen ? 4dto6d 5d to 6d dozen Bananas, per dozen ? 4d to 6d 5d to 7d dozen Mulberries, per quart ? 5d to 7d 6d to Scl Strawberries, per ditto ? 8d to 15d Honey, per lb. ? ? ? 4d 6d Forage— Lucerne, per ton ? £4 10s to £6 Oaten, per ditto ? £si0sto£8 Maize, per bushei ? Ss Bd to 4s Oats, per bushel ? 3s 6d to 4s Barley (English), per ditto ... 5s to 6s Ditto (Cape , per ditto ? 3s 6d to 4s Wheat, per ditto ? ? 5s 3d to 5s 9d 