The Bible Confirmed BY REASON on Friday evening iasj, the' Rev. d'! AUpn of Sydney, delivered.a; lecture ron the Zve subject, at;the.Qdd.E.^low-HaU, loaves nuuwroui.and attentive;; audience. The Rev U. ! Ingram;- Bapti8t. .minister,- occupied.'. the chaii-, atid mfrdduced tne; rev, ?leotur.rTithe1' assembly,.' ' i|', ...''';' - :-;. ? ' - .-:? .\,, After a few brief remarks, the Rev! d!' Allen nniZ*! '^^^^^-^^^'estof men ondo.rtid, ??',' 1 .appUed my. hearlj.to, know anrf! sealch,a.d to ,e«k.out wisdom .and1?he' SZ even of foohshnew and. »ad.neSiJ ,. Behold t& %£. n j ' tht reWm ? '° thi8 oa[y J'aye I found' thrit God nude /jnanr .upright; but thev W ' Wg* out many inve&ijns.;' Of thf Boo? !ftj^Jd^'J5Wg £.''«? it has ' i ' Within thU awful sblttmalie*1 ' ?i»pinjr«tery,ofW»terieB5. ,- : Happieit th'ey'd'f human race ' ' ?. ..' , Toyeaa, to fear; 'to horiel to pray ' ;'i\ . ; But bettAflMTthey ne'er beeli B^ : ? . ,-. , Wh9jreadito*mbt|,rwhorf»iitoioprii-l^,c Ai we.attempt; to- vight, Uk^asomM, u,e -holv Bbok of Books, and *&j;™m. it,'7hnd as th Jt Bjok has.enga«d the artful' attention of -Si anWel,, perptaxed the. reo^ of wicked men- ah wfbed the highest intelligences .of, heaven and filled the noblest minds of the wisest and. no'bkst men on. earth,,with. ineffable d^iBhkfit uiS all meekness, reverence, and humilitv a*^' e ^i^to'toWW^wisdoTaSlaoKfi'. ever remembering that— - «T»'«-uge, f'AibiriDg to he gads' irangcb fell ; Aspiring to be angels mon do rehel, \- Wi'h.tremblingpinioni.lofereawnsoar, ? ; Wait the great teaoher Death-and God adore.' I propose in this lecture to -prove— Firstly -!,?-» the Bible, and the Bible believers, both demand a reasonable-consideration of the- contents and authenticity of- this Book. Secondly, that the disbelievers in the Divine inspiration , of this book, are most unreasonable persons. Third'lv that there arc grea^and lundamWal reason. SL^V^V^6 iBlWe is the aspiration of God, the Great Maker of. all things. Firstly Itewun is, that:facultyof .the, soul thereby we udge of things : hence that monarch, who had been restored from madness, said,', ' At the sums' t|memy.reo|o» returned unto me.': rDaninl i* . . rf.) Jiea$on -is the proof, .ground and argu. menf of the 'mind. '..?? Be ready, always to g??e an answer -to every 'man that asketh you « reason of the hope that is in you, with meekness and fear. . (Peter ,111., 15.) .Reason, in'erir cise, is to confer, dispute, or argue. ' And as he (Paul) reasonedof righteousness, temperance and judgment to come, Felix trembled.' (Acts $xiv. 25.) Tho service which tho Bible de. mands from the (bodies and souls:of its believers is declared to be '»a reasonable service' ? (ttomans xii., 1.) It declares ttidtiit was not i'1 reason tllafc the Apostles saon Id :leave the Word ' of God, to serve, tables. :(Abts vi.,' 2.) Samuel jaid to Israel, ' Come near, that I may -reason with you/ before the Lord.' (1st Samuel xii. 7.) And the august and most merciful Author of' the Book says, '-(Dome, now, let us hason together : though your sins bo 'as scarlet, they shall be as wool ; though- they' bo' red liks \ primson, they shall be as show.' (Isaiah i., ' 18.) Thus the sublime Book: and its glorioiV (Author are, so' far from1 excluding rcuau* from an investigation of the records of the oue, or the acts of the other, that it invites reason to eior fcise its powers in.weighiu'g'and pdntlering' their nature, character, and contents;' Its author lias long, long 'ago called- human reason to Hit'pre'^ ;sehce,' saying, ',Gird up, now, thy loins, like'a'' ?'man; for IwUl. 'demand of'thee, and answer jthou. me.'. 'Where wast thbu'when I laid tht foundations of the earth P Declare, it' thou jhast understanding. (Job^xxxviii., 3.) Here |the Majestic Author of th«' sublime Book pro ipoges a vast number of profound questions, [upon. -the most deeply interesting) subjects iu i heaven, earth, or hell ; .and asks Human reason to solve them, and make them' pluin. Until reason can find out the origin, and first cause of all these wonderful works in the heavens, air, earth, sea, and under the earth, she must appear the most ignoble,. and .unreasonable creature in creation ; ~and''must not 'wonder if'her' Maker chide her folly, as of old, 'Who is this, that darkeneth counsel by words without know-;, ledge,?!' But when reason ' Shall have traced.V all creation,' to.jHi.nY who said,1 ' Let' tW» be,' or, rather/''' Light be;' and shall give the old' verdict of its matured investiga tion, in reasonable testimony ' for God— ' ' I know that Ihon^caus^ idp {ejrerything, and that. no. thought can be withiiolden from Thee,' then' shall .«a«oii.taieubi;r. exalted place— tb# sublimest' workmanship of; God. It is,, there fore, untrue to say, teat Christianity, shrinks from the investigation of reason, so that'it is an unnasonable thing. It is so far from this, that it builds its faith and hope upon that which reason dttUrnuues; .upgu.va3 . uiost , reasonable. Btasun, lit. up', by*' its Creator, surveys its.owi ?xiftence and the' existence' of its fellow^-'faculi tks in, the soul of men, and S8ys,'in.the:inn«r chamber of the mind, ' TKe hand thjit'made'-ni is Divine.'-, it; looks out upon the works'' of Goi around/anil in admiration exclaims, 'All Thr works praise Thee, O Lord.' I)r. Young. well expresses the Ctyj»tian'» mind in tho following lines:— f _ '^ -»???-? JWoy dukelieve! iiorenw!' '''Jteaton'ihs; '.'? -*?' fe 'AlKed^p.-ttoiaher.acredstiH; ' \,y. Norshatt ttou'wkht a rlvulih tby flame, ??'-; ' '? '? Mhnctii}riaton/ Jaoarco, and soul, of all DenUading praise on earth or heaven above. My heart Is thine : deep-m-iteininoit-folds, ? lite thou with life j.Uva-(le»raf of the two. No ; reason ro-mpt»M'iDe W«n.«dult ; -?'WtVd tnw, and false, -n. £BrinJj»rtijli«leiiij- v '? «yle«*l»e»*« ^^MPWwT.WS^SBifaa. tiJ And mad* fc^B^iWlSfeiMSfS* Wr St ** Ott anunien^ajone niy ialt n Is ouin : ' BeisonpumMns'iaitH: and unpersaed, 'Where proof invites, 'tis reason, then no more. *FondrasWeire,«ndjasHy fond, of faith, ? -' KsUfc'tak-«ft!.-skt»i(|iU5^^,-sT»yriMl ? TTae'ttdk«iVow««sJ^UdU^t»ntjre»s-?nJfvef \J ^IIi«netstf#)|»^^ather,infttesWrt.i¥ ; i{ When faithWke, reason hiyatUUbi V . *\' Wrons not ths Christian ; think not reason yoanr ?TaiW&sbnW;* feWat lUsWiblds so dear ; ' Tis rea«ou's iDJured rights his wrath reseats ; BeUeve'. and taste*th« risasure ot?God ; Believe-And look with triumph on the tomD. . ciTbaa defied, »s njoDaroni.were of oJ4 ; -u-n.-», .Wti^d^trianW'prtiidlahteliWifcWrtMx ' r-wfilS!oVe^«thr tS^'iUHtttttWap riftj Thev draw pride's curtain o'er reason's noontiatWi And then,cxultiBS;inv»»fifrt»p«r, cry ' n«hald tha sun ! and. Indian -like, adore. Talk tnW^iu^ihowStiaawlove. j:!3tto*siaWsoft»e*«wriJUfemnkMk cdi Is Th« grand moralitjr.tf^KoTThee. _ Thus tVKfthtoilRjif j!er,is Jjic man who « Q» irsatert' iWrroaaten** reason upon earth, n* makes it the ground of his faitfrt $%$£% n*raoct6r«nce told-arboy that &?*««««►*« -liitteaio»blOa8|^ngT'thejladjj'-1I/, nf,,^ tasted, saw; siielt;r^ea^aWulP -'«*,, * Wallet said-, ikaHiwbWuam-MPlSr h* evMlasted, ^a^tuimelt,.orfhew*KljKJ'^# of the sense to one that there is no pain. Yet that one sense of feeling, demonstrates there is pain ; so, in like manner, feeling proves that man has a soul.' Thus reason in the boy reproved the ignorance of infidelity in his medical adviser. When the unreasonableness of an infidel assis tant teacher in a school once tried to teach a lad that no Divine Being created the earth, but that it came by the laws of nature, in the ab sense of this teacher from the room, reason di rected the lad to lift a large globe from the floor to the table. Upon the return of the teacher, he said. Who placed this globe here?' The lad replied ' I beg pardon, for a moment sir, nobody.''' Nobody, nobody; you must be a fool to say so,' said the unreasonable infidel. 'I beg pardon, sir, but you must be a thousand times more so,' said the pupil. 'Explain your- self, sir;' said the provoked infidel. 'Well, sir ' said the lad, ' you said no being placed this great globe of earth where it is, and if l should be a fool for saying that no one placed this little globe upon the table, you must be more than a thousand times a greater fool for saying that no one placed this great globe where it is.' This was reason—God's noble gift to men. Reason, in the first lad, demonstrated that man has a soul and that it is above all the other works of creation : and as it is a dependent being, must have a source from which it came, and a prop upon which it hangs, and an end to which it tends Reason led the lad to conclude that that source, prop, and end, was the Divine Being called God. Reason, too, led him to the convic tion, that as the Bible so exactly described his oirn existence, the source from which he came, and by which he was sustained, and the end to which he was hastening, reason dictated to him that the Bible must come from the same Divine. Being, as all creation does ; and, therefore, be cause the Word agrees with the Works of God in everything, that Word must be the infallible Book of God— His own description of His. own acts The second lad saw, by the rules of God enlightenedi tttuon, that there must.be a first cause for all btyated things, and that as the Word of God gave the clearest account of that first causs— which was in God — and . that as all His works agreed with His Word, and His Word with His Works, the Bible must be divine. In like manner the unreasonableness of another infidel doctor once led him to say to a Bible reading patient, «' Do you think that the Bible can possibly be an holy inspiration of an holy Being, when.it records such abominable sins, as adultery and murder, said to be committed by David, the King of Israel ?' Our friend and brother reasoned thus : ' Do you think, doctor, that David would have erer recorded his own shame if he could have helped it? Would you?' The doctor was dumb, while our friend claimed a supernatural inspiration in the Bible records of men's crimes ana God's pardons. My friend then said, ' I perceive another reason for the divine inspiration of this book from what you have said, doctor, namely, the truth of that part of the history, which says: God said to David, 'Thou hast given the enemies of the- Lord cause to blas pheme His holy name.' ' Thus this unreasonable infidel was reproved and ashamed, as he saw that his own blaspheming speech had but ful filled the Word of God. We, therefore, claim, on the behalf of God— creation by Him, the Bible from Him, and Christianity as His sublimest off spring— belief in God and His Word as the sub limest light, and the most correct ends to which human, spiritual, and angelic reason has ever attained. Devils believe, and tremble. Shall men withhold the faith they give? I shall now proceed to notice, secondly, that tie disbelievers m the divine inspiration of the Bible are most unreasonable persons. Having taken some considerable trouble to wade through some of their productions, my reason compels me to conclude that a greater display of positive nonsense, self- contradiction, false deductions, garbled quotations, and, indeed, everything that is most unreasonable, and even' : revolting to the first dawn of reason in the : youth, and most- obnoxious - and loathsome i to a matured and reasonable, mind,, .could : hardly be imagined. In proof of this, let ui look at some of the fruits of their preten- : ded reasoning powers, and we shall find them the very drivel of idiocy. Tom Pain began to reason away the infallibility of the Bible by say- ing—' I mean not to go out of the Bible for anything.' He then proceeds by saying — ' As to the account of the creation,';-fcc, the children of Israel had the tradition before they came, out of Egypt. Then he says, in another placo — ' The accounts of the ereation were not so old as chronicles.' This is a fair sample of his un reasonable productions, as you may see in the works of Mr. John Davis, and many others. I quote from good authority in stating that this author of ' The Age of Reason ' was so un reasonable that, after writing it, he urged a young man with whom he travelled in America, when ill, by no means to read his book, for that he was sorry he ever wrote it. To a girl who attended him upon his deathbed, he said — 'If ever the devil has had an agent on earth, I have been one.' Mrs. Hedden, a pious woman, who attended him in his last ' hours, says — ' He would not be left abne day or night ; neither would he allow his curtains to be drawn, nor his attendants to be out of his sight ; that he became outrageous whenever - Madame Bonne ville entered the room ; that his language was so bad she resolved to leave the house when he abated his fury. Then this 'reasoner against Christ was so unreasonable as to cry out — ' O Lord, help me ; God, help me ; Jeana Christ, help me ; 0 Lord, help me, &c;,' and repeating the same expressions in the same awful tone of voice ?o as to horrify the whole house. Again he cried out—' I think I can say what they make Jesus Christ to say— ' My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?'' Dr. Manly, who was struck with these expressions, said to him — 'Mr. Pain, what must we think of your con duct ? Do you call upon Jesus Christ to help you? Do you believe that He can help you F Do you believe in the divinity of Jesus Christ?' After a pause, he said—' I have no wish to be lieve on that subject.' Thus perished the author of the ' Age of Reason.' ln' the name of com mon sense, we ask, what reason is there in con stant self-contradiction ? Denying the Bible, and constantly appealing to its authority ? Denying Godjand awfully calling upon His name ? Deny «Jt*s«s,andprayinatohiraforhelp? Writing, ana Mbing 1m bid aim Wr}tte-f f! Denying the existence of the devil, and yet declaring himself his agent,? Denying Hell, yet in horrible fear of it ? Denying the wrath of God, yet streaming out in fear of it ? Denying the divinity of Christ, yet calling for His help ? Is this reason ? No ; it is the ignorance of madness and folly, at the inougat of which surely devils must blush. Is this reasonable truth, for which we must give up the Bible, the holy Book divine ? No; it is the strong delusion to believe a lie, entailing everlasting condemnation -upon all involved therein, as unreasonable iejectors of God's holy Werd. Bettor would it Jar* been for him to lave taken the advie* of Dr. Franklin, to waolp hi i sent the manuscript of his 'Age of Beason,' which the Doctor Ntnraed with this counsel ;-'I#tiold«dvis»-TOunot to attempt unchain ing the tiger; but to bum thk {litee before it is wen by any1 other perso*. Zfmttn-are so wicked with religion, what weuld they ba without it P' it 1« most humit(atiBg for any person of ' sound ream to think that so many of ? our fellow oreaturet have1 been lad 'astray by this low self eontradictlotj, ignojfincf), and bUtspb-my, and ? Via xt rto«j», , lty .$opffrjs WTolitoJ *-«-*? «WP;: SowtwistnVwprd^'fto* feared* jertfulabow all things, and desparaUly wicked.' ?*»? row. again, tke same unreasonaMeaets in Voltaire. Be write*, and writostgain and again, ?^brt the Bible and all ChristJanitrrandYk -&**'*}»*?* ill.or it thuridereakjud; he wdold tend for th- prints, utt h»v» h-ly wat»i -. ? . ' iV... 'I J sprinkled about him, which made his servants and neighbours say—, . ' , yfhen the devil was siok, . : The devil a monk would be; But when the devil got well, ' ' The devil ? monk was he.'; When D'Alembert and Condorcet were dining with him, and proposed to- converse upon Atheism, Voltaire* stopped them at once, saying, 'Wait till my servants have' withdrawn'.; I do not wish to have my throat cut to-night.' This was his idea of the absence of the Bible.' Foam ing and raging in the midst of his rich and learned friends, as he neared the grave, he again sends for his priests to make his recantation as follows : — ' I, the underwritten, declare that for days past I have been afflicted with vomiting of blood, at the, age of 84, and hot having been able to drag myself to church, tho'rev. rector of St. Sulpice, having been pleased to add to' his other good works that of sending 'to me tho Abbe of Gaultier, a priest, I . confessed to him ; and if it please^God' to dispose me, 1 die in .the holy Catholic Chureh,' in which I was born, hoping that the Divine Mercy will deign to pardon all my faults. If ever I have scandalised the church, lank pardon of God arid the Church. 2nd March, 1778\. Signed, Voltaire, in the presence of the Abbe Mignot, my nephew, and the Marquis de Villeveille, my friend.' Is this the reasoning power of one of the greatest reasoners the denicrs of the Bible' ever had? . Does not true reason revolt at the thought of a man writing down the Bible all the prime of his life, then, in the pains of sickness', and the terrors of death, thus seek to shrink back from his eternal sleep, and cow ardly cringing into an acknowledgment of the existence of. that very Being whom he had so blasphemously donied ? It is an insult to God and man to call this reason; it is ignorance of the most ignoble nature. But although this un reasonable blasphemer thus cringed to the depths of superstition— sheltered, in pretence, under the name of God, yet it was of no avail, for the God of the Bible will not be. always mocked. There fore, Voltaire, howled away his last moments in tho most awful fury. He would frequently curse his friends, exclaiming, ' Leave me ; it was you who have brought me to my present state. Be gone. I could have done without you all, but you could not have done without me ; and what a wretched glory have you procured me !' So horrible .were his last hours that the nurse could not be prevailed upon to nurse another like him. Thus, like Pain, diud this unreasonable denier of God's Holy Word. If time and space would permit, I oould go through a host of these un reasonable infidels, and after the same manner, show the same irrational self- contradiction which a child would disclaim — from which a reasonable man would revolt — at which n devil would blush and an angel weep. I will close this part of our subjoct by a brief glance at the same kind of ignorance and idiotic drivel held forth in this city lately by Mr. Tyerman. Some of you will remember that he said he would not reason with any one upon the authority of the Bible, for he did not believe in its inspiration ; yet, in his lecture upon ' Spiritualism, viewed from a Bible stand-point,' he reasons from the law of Moses, the Prophets, the Gospels, the Acts, the Epistles, and the Book of Revelations, in. order to prove that Christians ought to behove in intercourse with departed spirits. Hero is a marvellous piece of modern reason just come to town — a man proving his theory from a Book in which ho says ho does not beliore. He also says the woman of Endor was identical with, their me diums, holding intercourse between tins world and tho world of spirits, yet, that this intercourse is a modern diseovery. Is this the reasoning .light which lias lately illuminated Sydney with more light, showing us that tho dumb boy Jack son Devise, discovered twrenty-eisjufc years ugo, in America, the very thing which was so fully carried on 3000 years ago at Endor, in the land of Israel ? Is this the man who is to reason devils out of their existence, blot out the bot tomless uit. and silence tho holv oracles of God? jet Mr. Tyerman ponder over the irrational elf-contradiction of Tom Pain, and the unrea. onabl* ignorance of Voltaire, and blush for his i wn similar foolishness, and let him retrace his teps in following them to that place whiob. all brae in common havo denied, but which they aw and felt to be an awful reality before they eft this world. Let. us pray that God may re over this poor deluded man from the snares of he devil by which he is taken alive. Is it true hat some of our leading men and intellectual itizens have entertained so ignoble a thing as his Tom Pain and Voltaireism spiritulised ? If o, I pray that they may soon realise the same lappy change as tho Babylonian^ monarch did rhea he said, |' At the same time my reason re urncd unto me.'' — Dan. iv, 36. (Voice : ' When le left the beasts of the field.') As to its being. i step forward in the march of intellect, this is mtoftho question; it is a full gallop back into he ignorance of the laud' of Endor. : When ' Jack the Giant Killer,' ' The House that Jack Built,' and ' Tom Thumb,' shall become, by retrogression, the sublimest books in the nation, then, but not till then, will this infidel-come- spiritualism be an intellectual thing. But the more the reason of man expands, and his noble mind becomes 'enlightened by conviction, the more it will be loathed, and the Bible loved. The Rev. Thomas Scott, in his ' Force of Truth,' describes his state as that of unreasonable igno rance, when he was an objector, to the great truths of the Bible, in the iullowing manner :— ' I met with a Socinian comment on the Scrip tures, and greedily drank the poison, because it quieted my fears and flattered 'my abominable pride. The whole system coincided exactly with my inclinations and the state of my mind. In reading this exposition, sin 'seamed to lose its natiye ugliness, and to appear a. very small and tolerable evil : man's imperfect obedience seemed to shine with an excellency almost divine, and God appeared so entirely and necessarily merci ful, that he could not make any of his creatures' miserable without contradicting his natural pro pensity. These : things influenced my mind so powerfully that I was enabled to consider my self, notwithstanding a few little blemishti, at, upon the whole, a very, worthy being. , At the same time, the mysteries of the Gotpel being explained' away, or brought down to th» level of man's comprehension, by such proud and cor rupt, though specious reasonings, by acceding to these sentiments, I was, in my own opinion, in point of understanding and discernment, exalted to a superiority above the generality of mankind, and I pleased my self in looking down, with contempt, upon such as were weak enough to believe the orthodox doctrines. Thus I gene rally soothed my conscience ; and if, ' at any time, I was uneasy at the apprehension that I did not thoroughly deserve eternal happiness, and was not entirely fit for heaven, the same book afforded mo a soft pillow on which to lull myself to sleep ; it argued, and, I then thought, proved, that there were no eternal torments ; and it insinua ted that, there were no torments, except for notorious sinners, and that such as should fall short of heaven would sink into their original nothing. With .this .welcome scheme I silenced all my fears, and told my accusing conscience that if JJ fell, short of heaven, .I-ahoold bo anni hjiiated, and never be sensible of my, loss. ,, The sa'mei'on tile other hand, is the tendency of all those speculations of reasoning men which, s^t God's atmbutes at vaiiahce with' each other; whieh represents the Supreme 'Governor as so weakly saeraifnl, that He regards aeither tba de mands of: His justiee, the glory of Hii holiness, the veracity of^His Word, nor the peaceable order and subordination of the universe ;twhish explains away all, the navsteries of. the Goapel, ind r^presente sin, that fruitful' rdot of ev^I; that enemy of God, that favourite of Batari, as arery iUMl» thing, i-aw-ely notioed by the Almisjhty, and which, contrary tditho 'BchjUmm «ai uni weraal experiei»e'*nd oh*errat«»,^w-)ukl fier .sttade ??? ffa»t man is n(-ta.d«prav*ii creature. To these latter, sentiments,! acce-^el, wd main tMMd them as long as I oould; and I wd it 'Sort f^arWly becauie theV tootlMi m7 «oa scienco, freed me from the; {intolerable feara of damnation' and enabled tne to think favourably of myself. For these reatons alone, I loved and - those this ground: I fixed myself upon it, and l there fortified myself by all the arguments and ? reasonings I oould meet with. These things I - wished to believe, and I had my wish : for at I length I did most confidently believe them. ? Being token captive in this snare of Satap, I : should here have perished with a lie in my right hand, had not the Lord, whom I dishonoured, snatched me as a brand from the burning. In this awful state of mind I attempted to obtain admission into holy orders t Wrapped up in the proved notion of the dignity of human nature, I had lost sight of the evil of sin, and thought little of my own. sinf illness. I was filled with a self-important opinion of my own worth, and the depth of my understanding : and I had adopted a system of religion accommo dated to that foolish pride, having almost wholly discarded mysteries from my creed, and regarding with ? sovereign contempt those who believed them. As far an I understood such controversies, I was nearly a Socinian and Pela gian, aud wholly an Arminian ; yet, to my ,shame be it spoken, I sought to obtain ad mission into the ministry, in a church whose doctrines are diametrically opposed to all the three, without once concerning myself about those barriers whioh the wisdom of our forefathers has placed around her, purposely to prevent the intrusion of such dangerous here tics as I then was. .While I was preparing for this solemn office, I liv.ed, as before, in- known sin, and in utter neglect of prayer ; my whole preparation consisting of nothing else than an attention to those studies which were more im mediately requisite for reputably passing through' the previous examination; Thus, with a heart full of pride and wickedness— my life polluted with many unrepented, unforsaken sins ; without one cry for mercy, one prayer for direction or assistance, or a blessing upon what I was about to do; after having concealed my real sentiments under the mask of 'general ex pressions ; after having subscribed articles directly contrary to what I believed ; and after having blasphemo usly declared, in the presence of God and of the congregation, in.tho most solemn manner, sealing it with the Lord's supper, that I judged myself to ba ?? inwardly moved by tho Holy Ghost to take that office upon me (not knowing or believing that ttiere was a Holy Ghost\ — on September the 20th, 1772, 1 was ordained a Deacon- For ever blessed be the God of all long-suffering and mercy, who had patience with such a rebel and blasphemer, such an irreverent trifler with His Majesty, and such a presumptuous intruder into His sacred ministry ! 1 never think of this daring wicked ness without' being filled with amazement that I am out of hell, without admiring that gracious God, who permitted aueh an atrocious sinner to live, yea, to serve him, and with acceptance, I trust, to call him Father ; and, as His minister, tospeakin His name. 'Bless the Lord, O my soul, and all that is within me bless His holy name. Bless the Lord, O my soul, and forget not all His benefits ; who forgiveth all thine iniquities, and hcaleth. all thy diseases; who redeemeth thy life from destruction ; who crowneth tk«e with loving kindness and tender mercies.' May I love, and yor3r humbly and devoutly serve, that God, who hath multiplied His mercies in abnndantly pardoning my complicated provoca tions? Thus you may see, by this great and good man's humble confession, what the inward state of these more-light-poople really is— namely, that of pride, conceit, ignorance, and low immorality.; while they boast of reason. they are the most remote of all people from it, both, in mind and conduct, ouch, then, is the unreasonableness of the disbelievers in God's most holy word. 'They apike up their inoh of reason, on the point Of philosophic wit, called argument ; Anil then, exalting in their taper, cry ' Behold the sun !' and, Indian-like, ndore.' We now proceed to notice thirdly, that there are great and f undemental reamm for believing- that the Bible is thn inspiration of God — the great Maker of us all. These reasons are so great, and so numerous, that one is at a loss to know where to begin. If we begin in the heavens, reason tells us that all these glorious worlds must have had an. origin — a beginning — au Al mighty Maker. The loftiest-minded men that over lived, possessing the most extensive reason, have declared it to be irrational to suppose that leso million of worlds could move with such velicity as they do, and keep their courses, with out an Almighty superintender to maintain and direct them. All the wisest philosophers that ever lived have declared that the force by which these millions of worlds are moved on, and moved round, is an invisible agency which they could not discover. That invisible force is* the Almightiness of God. Now, if they cannot be thus maintained by mere natural laws, how could they be brought into existence by them ? Reason, therefore, demands for them an Almighty maker and maintainer, such as the Bible declares to be, God ; for ' By the word of the Lord were tho heavens made, and all the host of them by the breath of 'His mouth.' As the Book declares the Works of God, so the Works of God confirm the Book of God, therefor*, reason concludes the Book must be true. The Lord continually ap. peals to the heavens and the earth as wit nesses to the truth of His Word, saying, ' Look unto the' heavens above, and unto the earth be neath.' The wisest and noblest men have done so, and said, ' The heavens declare the glory of the Lord, and the firmament showeth his handy work. When I consider thy heavens, the work of thy fingers, the moon and stars whioh Thou hast made, how manifold are Thy work?, O, Lord ? In wisdom Thou hast made them all.' The sun, moon, and every star in the firmament being described as they are, proclaim the Book true which thus describes them, and reason, ac cepts their undeniable testimony. The firma ment, clouds, and air, being truly described by the Book, all join to proclaim it true, and reason accepts their testimony. AU the fowls of, the air being truly described, declare the Bible true, and reason accepts their evidence.. All the beasts of the. earth, in every land and clime, be ing ' truly 'described in .their natures, origin, . orders, and habits, witness that the Book is true, and reaibh accepts their undeniable testimony. All the seeds, plants, and trees, in their origin, natures,, and habits, being truly described in. the Bible,, proclaim it true, and reason accepts their evidence.' Mountains, hills, plains, and Valleys,' being truly desoribed by thiB glorious Book, pro claim it true, and reason accepts their evidence. Streams, lakes, and rivers, being truly desoribed in their origin, souroes, and destinies, proclaim the Bible true, and reason accepts their murmur ing voices in witness for the Lord.. Seas am mignty oceans, in tueir origin, raging waves, ana, calm's, being described truly in this blessed Book, proclaim unto all the ends' of the earth it is truly of God'; arid reiton accepts the noise of mfctiy waters in their witness, too; for God. AU fishes, beaitsj and innumerable creeping things inl the paths of the great deep, being truly des-. cribed, }n . their origin, form, and ;ways, pro claims , the Book to be of God, and reason accepts -'the' testimony of these millions of sign's that God 'is , true. All'1 the emi nent nations, oities, and countries in their rise, (continuance, and dissolution',' being truly desoribed by this Book,, procloim ini a their histories, inscriptions, and relics, the Book; if. true, and reason accepts their thousands .of | evidenoes that God is true..' The state fnd con dition of man in every age, in every land, being truly described' in' thii jfooki in every drop of sweat qpon his brow, every sigh from his breast, every pain in his bones, proclaim the truth' of this blessedBook j and reaton. aoospts their wii messV tod say »i it is true, verily; true, ^All tho hsteMerils, murders, uncleannessi cursing, )r- ing, snds qoh like, ever rushjnfi forth in torreul blackening every land and natipn, being ful deseribed m this Book, bears' their awful tosti ;wmy 'tbil Qo&, who tawwMh tiu knxHT of all men, inspired this Book, I OTd refon aceeptg this awtul witness. All the sv)ighs./°»ns, and cries )f those who have been «S,onv?ced of their sin rulness, being described iitt thj Book, bear their iritness to its inspiration ol Qd, and reason ae jepts their true witness. A: the release, com fort, and joy, ever felt byf; *jn, through faith in the Rook of Ages, being trJ/y desoribed in this . Book, proclaim it exactly True, and leaton ac cepts their witness too. m tho fear, dread, and awful forebodings men have had of hell, being fully and truly described in this Book, proclaim it truly of God, and reason accepts their testi mony. All evil angels, devils, and lost souls, with all their rage, sin, and torment, being fully escribed in this Book, declare it true, and ma ton accepts their evidence. All the joy, ecstany, and ineffable delight of saints, in life, death, and glory, being fully described by this Book, pro claim in heaven and earth it is true, gloriously true, and reason accepts theso heavenly eviden ces as undeniably true, to the glory of God and the Lamb, for ever and ever. All the operations of the Boly Ghost in the hearts of millions of sanctified men, glorifying God and His Son, being described in this Book, all bear witness that God is its author and finisher, and reason accepts this evidence as true. All the ruins of cloud-capped towers,gorgeouspalaces,andsoleran temples, being declared in this Book, long before thev fell, their ruins all declare the Book to be of God, and reason accepts their witness too. All the prophecies of Christ, His kingdom and people, being fulfilled hundreds of years after they were openly declared, proclaim the infalli ble Book to be from the only mfalliable God, and reason accepts this infalliable testimony, and de clares the man who does not, to be wilfully blind and a most unreasonable idiot. All the losses, suf ferings, and deaths of the sacred writers of this Book.' proclaim it to be supernatural, being above .what nature can or will do, and reaton ac cepts this testimony too. All the triumph and success whieh the Book has won in every nation where it has entered, notwithstanding all the powers of earth, men, devils, death, and s^n, wing discribed and gained, proclaim the Book to be of the infallible and Almighty God, and reason accepts this testimony, and blushes with shame for him who rejects ic. All the over turnings of nations from one kingdom to another, from one monarch to another, and from one people to another, such as Babylon, Medea, Greece, and Rome, being described in this Book, long before they took place, proolaira it to be of God, and reason accepts their evidence, and pities the unreasonableness of the perverse mind whioh will not. The overturn of the nations from Pagan shrines to a transient national Christianity in the Roman Empire being described and declared in this Book long before it took place, declares it to be of the only true God, and reason accepts this testimony also. Tile destruction of Jerusalem, with all its horrors, with women eating their infants, as predicted by Moses, and declared by Josephus, being described by tbis Book long be fore it took place, proclaim the Book to be of the infallible God, and reason accepts this evidence, and says, let God be true. The overturn of the Roman Empire from national Christianity to the Roman Ecclesiastical Beast with its tea horns, being fully predicted long before it took place, and exactly described, declares the Bible to be of the infallible God, and reason accepts the tes timony of these awful events, that God is true. All the overturning of tho political powers from tho ecclosiastical Beast of Rome, as now opening in the world, being fully declared in this Book, all these present ovunts proclaim it to be of God, and reason accepts this testimony — that tho Book is the Word, and the events ' The Finger of God.' All the late extensive circulation of the Scriptures, and the carrying forth of the knowledge of Christ to every land under Heaven, being predicted and fully described in the Bible, all proclaim it to bo the true Book of God, and reason accepts those testimonies for the Word of the Lord. The present want of spiritual power and heavenly life in a formal Christianity being fully described, us ' A name to live while dead,' proclaims the Book to bo of God, and reason aocepts this witness to its truth. The origin, continuance, and present condition of the Mahomedan kingdom under Turkish rule, being fully described as the ' False Prophet,' pro claims the Book Divine, and reason accepts this witness as true. The prosent abundance of 'doctrines of devils' and seducing spirits,' in witchcraft, and ; every horrible heresy, being fully declared and described, proclaim the Book to be of God, and reason accepts these evidences of infidelity itself that the Book is true, as it says, ' In the last days scoffers shall come.' And what more can we say ? Time would fail me to tell that the speedy downfall of the Beast and the Prophet, and the spread of the Name of Jesus from pole to pole will, soon bear testimony to earth's remotest bounds, that it is the Word of God indeed and in truth. Soon the blazo of the universe in one great conflagra tion will proclaim it true, when it will be God in grandeur and the world on flames. Soon the judgment seat of Christ, with millions at His bar; where wicked angels and men with closed mouths' in awful silence shall receive the sen tence of their eternal doom, and the righteous shall be welcomed, blessed, 'and glorified by God and the Lamb, will proclaim it to be ' The Book of Books.' Soon the groans, flames, and tor ments of Hell, will be closed in by God's Almightiness and outpoured wrath in the just reward of unrepented sin, and of a God, a Bible, and a Christ unreasonably donied, soon, too, the risen, ascended, and glorified saints, with millions, of glorious angels sitting down to the marriage sapper of the Lamb, in endless glory, joy, and praise, will feel, know, and proclaim that the voice' that rolled the stars along, spoke all the promises, The trumpet unnds, Hell trembles, Heaven rejoices! Lift up your heads ye saints, with cheerful voices. No more shall Atheists mock His long delay ! His vengeance sleeps no more ; behold the day ! Behold the Judge descends ; His guardi are nigh ! Tempest and fire attend Him down the sky ! When God appears, all Nature shall adore Him ; While sinners tremble, taints rejoiee before. . Thus we find. all things— past, present, and to come-- confirms the Bible, in every reasonable, mind, as the holy Book of God. The sun, in its' brightness, reflects it i tt.e ocean, in its full ness* embodies it; the wind, in its majesty, thunders it ; the rivulet, in its music, murmurs it ; the flower, in its fragrance, breathes it; the rook, in its .fastness, images it; creation,. in its endless forms of sublimity, declares it ! . \- , . , The meanest pin in Nature's frame . . . Marks out some letter of His name ; . ; ' ' Across the earth', around the sky, j . . There's not a spot, or deep, or high, . Where the Creator hath not trod, And left the footprints of a God. How sublime, therefore, are the testimonies of such reasonable and noble- minded men as Sir Isaac Newton, to the effect, that all the Works of God declare the fact of His Being and the truth of His Word. Let us for a moment look at some of, his reasonable testimonies, as opposed to the unreasonable trash and idiotic drivellings of such men as Mr. Tyerman and the more-light people in Sydney, who dare to contradict and blaspheme the holy oracles of the living God. The harmony between tho word and works of God has ever impressed great and noble minds. It was this which added to the researches of Newton, of Bacon, and of Locke, an elevation, a clearness, and a consistency to which, otherwise, even with the powers, of their mighty minds, they' could never have obtained. They drank deep of the fountain of all truth; they began and they ended in God. In Newton especially, 'to whom it was reserved to bring the universe 'and the laws which govern the universe, to light, we observe this prostration of soul before the .first great Cause of all things. , It is recorded of him, that he nivor pronounced the name of God without a reverential pause. In a private let ter to Dr. Bentley, he there acknowledges the great end and purpose of all his labours. ' ' When I wrote my treatise about our System, I had an eye upon such principles is might work with considerate men for the belief of a Deity ; and nothing can rejoice me more than to find it use ful for that purpose. But if I have done the public any service this way, it is due to nothing but industry and patient thought.' Yet we do not find, although this object was ever in his view, that his researches ars the less profound, his reasonings the less luminous, or his intellect tho less penetrating. Most remarkable, indeed, are the words in which ho closes up the third book of his immortal principia. 'This most beautiful con struction, of the planets, and of the comets, could not have had a beginning without the design and the command of an intelligent and a powerful Being.' From thence he proceeds to describe in language at once the most simple and most philosophical, the nature and attributes of God, and thus concludes : — ' As a blind man hath not an idea of colours, so we have not an idea of the modes in which God perceives and understands all things. He is entirely destitute of all body and bodily figure, and, therefore, oannot be seen, nor heard, nor touched, nor ought he to bo wor shipped under the representation of any cor poreal object. We have ideas of his attributes, but what is the substance of anything Wo little understand. We see only the figures and colours of bodies, we hear only sounds, we touch only external surfaces, we smell only odours, and dis tinguish tastes: we are acquainted with the in ternal substances by no sense, no reflex act, and much less havo we the idea of the substance of God. We know Him only by His properties and attributes,. and by His most wise and good con structions of things, and their final causes ; and we admire Him for His perfections, but we reverence and worship Him tor His dominion; for we worship Him as servants ; and God, without dominion, providence, and final causos, is nothing else but fate and nature. From blind me taphysical necessity, which is surely' the same at all times, and in all places, no variation in things can arise. All the diversities of things created, in reference both to time and place, could have arisen only from the ideas and will of a necessarily existing Being. But God is allegorically said to see, to hear, to speak, to laugh, to. love, to hate, to desire, to' give, to reoeive, to rejoice, to be angry, to fight, to form, to create, to construct ; for all language, as applied to God, is taken from the affairs of men, by some resemblance, not indeed a perfect one, but yet existing to a certain de gree. And so much with respect to God, con cerning whom it clearly appertained to natural philsophy to discourse, from the phenomena presented to its view.' Here we find reason and sublime senso, as opposed to the irrational nonsense to which we have referred. I re peat, then, that the Bible is confirmed by reason. _ If it was imposition— how is it that three millions. of persons, well able to judge, did not in their reason judge it to be so when it was first delivered to them, in the Desert of Sinai, so soon after the flood ? How is it that some of these reasonable men denounced it when they were eye and ear witnesses of what was done, or not dono ? How is it that till the writings of the nation, to whom the oracles of God were delivered, havo for 3500 years held vbcm in the fullest confidence? How is it doubters only come up after so long a time? And how can modern existences of a wicked character, have discovered what these eye and ear witnesses could not, and did not ? Reason gives the evidence on tho side of tho Holy Bible? How is it that all the records of all the nations surrounding that nation to which the Word of God was sent fully confirm tho records of the Bible ? How is it that all that has been dug out of the earth, or found upon it, demonstrate the truth of tho Bible beyond contradiction? How is it that such celebrated infidels as Volney, in their travels, have described the state of the countries through which they passed, as they were predicted in the holy Word of God, as shown by Dr. Keith. How is it that nations have been bjotted out and others come into existence, according to its words, uttered hun dreds of years before such events took place ? How is it that the wisest and best men have be lieved it, and the most abandoned have denied it ? Reason demands belief in its truth. How is it that none of the stargazers, prognosticators, magicians, witches, wizards, or necromancers have said, and it has come to pass in like man ner as in these Bible predictions? How is it that' the philosophers and wisest of men, who have presumed to nnveil the future, have inva riably failed, and the Bible has never done so yet ? How is it that it has revolutionised nations, turning them from the most loathsome slavery and the most abandoned wickedness, to the most glorious freedom and commendable morality, as no other book has ever done ? How is it that persons of the most abandoned, filthy, and ob noxious characters have become the most excel lent of the earth, by its words ? Reason demands our belief in its Divine authority. How is it that believers in its contents have suffered tho most excruciating pains, in prisons, and the flames of the martyrs, with the greatest com posure, and others have never generally done so ? How is it that believers in the Divine Word, mostly meet death with desire, exultation, and joy, praising God, whilst infidels die witb horrors and most frightful blasphemies? How is it that the most abandoned sceptics have wished to undo their wickedness and turn. to God in death, and have entreated their followers to do so? How is it that the believers in the good old Book have been strengthened in their belief in it the nearer they have gone to the borders of eternity ? Reason demands a verdict in favour of the Book, in answer to - these' questions. Suppose it to be by departed spirits, as Mr. Tyerman says— then as, he says, there are many of those spirits false and lying, how can we believe them ? If some portions of the Book were dictated by true spirits and some by falsy spirits, how could it agree, as it most certainle does ? If some is by false, and some by true spirits, haw can Mr. Tyerman take any of it as he does ? If by spirits who have diotated, after the death of their bodies, what occurred in their time of life, who could dictate what took place before Adam was born? If they should say, the spirits of the pre-Adamic race, then, we ask, why do they not tell us what took place in that state of the world ? Has any of these spirits dared to say ? If they should say by the spirits from one of the planets, then why do those not tell us of such worlds, if they were brought up. in them? Have any of the spirits done this? If they should say devils or angels dictated what took place before the spirit of Adam was formed.'then how is it that they deny them both ? As man has had his existence, as it is described by God's inspiration, how can we deny that in spiration ? As all branches, of creation, must have had a beginning, as tho creation has been described by God, how can we deny that inspired description ? As angels and good men would not, and as devils and wicked men could not, in spire the Bible, who else but God could or would do it ? 'Season demands a verdict for the inspi ration of the Bible. ' The foulest of mortals in man's fallen race, All sunk in their sins and strangers to grace ; They dare to impugn the blest records of God, They dare to deny the sure truths of HU word. Like owls of the darkness, and like birds of the ninut, The sunshine so;pains,them, it quite dazzles their sight. Creation, all glorious, sprang forth, from His word ; We see all around us the works of the Lord. His word, works, and children, proclaim Him Divine, In all these His glory for ever shall shine. Oh, how sweetly they, sparkle .and bluie in the sky, They bless Him all round us, aud thoy praise Him on high. The noblest and' wisest, the bravest on earth, The men of great learning, the men of high birth. They heard the blest records God gave them of old, Taey heard of our Jesos by prophets foretold. How glorious' these men were; Oh, so noble and kind, None like them midst Atheists on earth can we find. If reason once cleansed from malice and spleen,| Oould write in the desert-what Israel had seen ; When no man oould gainsay those aots of to* Uttd, How now can blind reason deny this record ? Let us run to His footstool, to learn His blest mind, His thoughts are so gracious, to good and so kind* 