THE NEW SYSTEM OF BORING GUNS. THE CHOKE-BORE." According to Greener, every sportsman with a gnn on this system is to become a perambulating genius of destruction, from who no bird inside of 100 yards will have a ghost of a chance. It is not by any means a new idea, as Pape, of Newcastle, tried it about fourteen years ago, and abandoned it under the impres sion that the great amount of friction would be fatal to the barrels. The principle is very simple ; it consists in the bore decreasing in diameter from the breech to the muzzle, so that the shot will have a concentrating tend ency on leaving the barrel, apd there can be ; no doubt but it gives a better pattern, as the recent trial of f uns by Greener, Malebam, and Barker, show 183, 194, 198, and as high as 210 pellets of No. 6 shot in a 30-inch target at forty yards, bat the penetration is not equal to the old style of gun. The choke bore system is badly applicable to muzzle leaders, on account of the wad being to small on reaching the charge, but a modification of the bore would go for to meet this diffi culty. There can be no doubt whatever that the friction of the shot is very great towards thp tmtzgle, and that much u^ore of the charge is jammed out of shape than by the ordinary gun; but still the action of lead on laminated steel would need to be of long duration to. seriously injure the barrel* It is of little consequence to many British spp,?t§men if tliey have to buy a new gun eviery season, but aq Australia^ would expect to hand his down to the third and fourth generation. We cannot afford to purchase a forty-guinea gun every year out.here, but the time will come when the wealthy <^ueeqs;lander shall go forth witfy bis brace of pointers, his choke bore, liis ventilated coat, his Glengarry boots or TLorne brogues, and an impermeable hat, to revel ifl fields of partridge, pheasants^ grouse,bares, and every otherkindof European game, without that degenerate system of beating ana driving which has brought shott ing into contejn pt, Greener lauds this new system of boring into the seventh heaven of perfection, but then we know that be is the chief maker and most deeply interested ; besides, Greener is such a capital hand at blowing, as to riv^l the " Colonial" of " Antho.ny the Truthful -l" Tii^t Jie is a first-class gunmaker is indisputable, but that there ^re many others equally good is just as certain ; but Greener claims to be Ajax Telamon, as so long as this is granted, he cares very little who may be Ajax the Less! Pape, of Newcastle, is- a formidable rival. He defeated Greener in ' 68, a fact which the latter has not forgotten vet, no? if he ever likely to, for Pape is nevertheless quite able to make as good a gun as Greener at any time. The Field is undoubtedly the greatest au thority on guns, and to that source must we look for reliable information, for it is a jour nal not at all likely to favor one gunmaker more than others. - Maleham has also defeated Greener in the late trial with choke-bores, by obtaining a bi tter penetoation and an increased pattern. How Greener professed and professes to make guus for anyone that will give a pattern of '208 at forty yards in the 30-inch target, and yet bis highest in the competition is 191, and we may feel satisfied he used the best gun he could find. The latest novelty is a gun by Lang, which differs from the ordinary one by being self cocking. It is on the Lefeaucheaux principle, but on pressing the lever the gvn is opened, and the hammers brought to full cock with the one motion. This giyes greater rapidity of fire, and is decidedly a capital idea. There is a tremendous spirit of emulation amongst such gunmmakers as Greener, Pape, Dougall, Turner, Maleham, Lancaster (2), Boss, Tin dall, Woodward, Grant, Horsley, Holland, Purdey, Blissett, Etigby, Reilly, Kerry, Woods, Westley Richards, Cogswell and Harrison, Needbam, Adams, Fuller, Daw, Blanch, Scott, Hollis, Powell, Richards, Crane, Walker, and, in the words of Virgil, j a host of others too numerous to mention. Guns from any of the above makers are likely to be genuine, because they have a name and reputation to sustain, and conse quently allow no barrels to receive their names unless of first-class make. -The reader will bearininiod that the guns I speak of are high class, and not three-pound ten Brummagems that so much resemble the Arab's glin which hung fire until the enemy walked out of range, and then buret and blew l the Arab's head off. In this country, where ; hundreds of. boys are allowed'out with cheap ! guns, with not the sligbest ide$ of using them, and entirely ignorant of the danger attached to the treatment they gjve.jthem it is a wonder there are not more accidents from the use of firearms ; but is not difficult to explain the small .number of barrels bursted, and the scarcity of accidents from that eause. - In the first place the mest common Birmingham barrels and the cheapest rubbish exported re quire a pressure to burst them which is re markable. ? They are made of good iron, with plenty of metal in the breech, and receiye no j dressing* after receiving the proof-mjtriss from the London or Birmingham proof-masters, and therefore are comparatively safe to a cer tain extent, although the proof-marks on a gun are not a guarantee of absolute freedom from danger, especially the higher class guns, as they are tested with the proof charge with the barrels in the rough, and are dressed down and polished afterwards. A barrel of 6lbs., when tested, might be af- : terwards dressed down to Bibs., and yet the proof-marks remain intact; and consequently* we must rely more upon the integrity of the gunmaker than the proof-masters. It is a serious mistake testing the rough barrel in stead of the finished one. Common guns of the colonial stamp are nearly always loaded with weak common powder, and as boys,Jiave a decided objec tion to the violent recoil of a heavy charge, they only use such charges as entail very little danger from a defuoet'barrel. - In the rough unfinished bore of a cheap gun very small charges produce a recoil double that of the same fired from a highly polished barrel, and j therefore in the "kick "of the " Brumray " lies the comparative safety from dissolution. Diamond grain is the powder most liableio buret a gun-barrel, its greatest strength and sudden and violent ignition exerting a tre mendous strain on the breech end. Let any sportsmen fire three drains of this powder and one and a quarter ounce snot, and then try three drams of No. 6 powder with tha same charge of shot, and the difference of recoil is astonishing. The coarser the pow der, the less recoil, less damage to shot, less strain on the gun, and altogether far better results in shooting. The objection to gun cottonis its instantaneous ignition, which gives a great recoil, and immense pressure on the breech end. Its advantages are its cleanli ness, notand giving smoke toobscure the view. It is used in England by a good many sports men, but it is inferior to gunpowder, and not at all likely to supersede it. Schultze's wood powder gives little smoke or recoil, and is an excellent powder to use. The powder most U9cil in England is "the No. 3, 4, 5, and 6 grain powder of Curtis and Harvey, or Pigou and Wilts. I forgot to mention in the first part of this articlethat though Maleham made the highest single shot, Greener was best in the average. Maleham put 240 pel lets in a 30-inch circle, at forty yards, with a 12-bore Damascus, 30-inch, loaded with three drams powder and one ounce chilled shot. This is really an extraordinary pattern, and at thirty yards would cut a bird to pieces and spoil it altogether. To show the iryegu larity of shooting, some of the shots were at 53, and up to 24Q-a difference of 187 pal lets, whiph looks bad for the choke-bore in comparison with ' RAMROD. Ou> BUMBLEBEE.-was the cognomen of Mr Thomas, of JSewbuyport, He gained the title from the fact of his catching a bumblebee one day, as he wa9 shingling his barn, and, in attempting to destroy the in sect with his hatchet, cut off the ends of his thumb and fore-finger, letting the insect go unharmed. Other mishaps happened to. the old fellow on the same barn. In one of his abstractions, he shingled over his spare hat chet ; and cutting a small aperture in the i building to let a little daylight in, this man actually set in a wooden pane, as being ecoa-r oniical, and not likely to be broken, Uncle Thomas, is one of his oblivious freaks, nailed his feft ^rm 60 firmly betwixt two boards of a fei\cei he ^a;s putting np, that he had to call for help to get extricated from his self-im prisonment. He once put a button on the gate. instead of the post. But the rarest freak of all was when he ran through the, street^ with \iis hands about 3ft asundor, held .before him, begging the passers-by not to disturb hiru, as he had got the measure of a doorway with him. 