Tales. Alice's Resolve ; Oft, AN ESCAPE FROM UO&HOSf; THRALDOM By Ishmael. Chawer VIII.— The Mormows. The Mormons and their city, Brigham Young and Jiifi domestic troubles, have of late been so often sketched, the peculiar institution so persistently dis cussed, and the persevering industry of the hardy pioneers 'who Bettled down between the Rocky mountains and the Wahsatch chain so justly lauded, that a minute description -would from necessity in great part be a repetition of what has been much better said by others. Mr. Hepworth Dixoa, and Sir Charles Dilke have carried in their train such an host of imitators that I will not add one more to their num ber. 'What a few years ago was a romantic, even dangerous undertaking — a trip to Utah — is now one of tine very tamest of everyday affairs ; one of the most luxurious railway journeys possible to imagine, con Cars (' Silver Palace ' he calls them— why, the gods and he only knows— but they are beyond comparison comfortable, ingenious, and elegant) one forgets the toughness of the road and the monotony of the land scape. Two days and three nights ' on the run ' it a. monotonous affair, and there is no possibility of creating a diversion, except by card playing or a « smash,' which latter experience we were not called ?upon to encounter. There is not a ghost of a chance «f an adventure with Cheyennes, Snakes, or other xedekins, whose ancient hunting grounds are now traversed without the least molestation by the fiery iron horse. A highway robbery by coarse bearded ruffians, stuck all over with revolvers and bowie knives — miserable imitators of the Hinaldo Kinaldinis ,and Fra Diayolos of my youth — is a thing of the past, *nd the diaries of tourists suffer in consequence. The 'very Danites— those mysterious executioners of the iiighest Mormon tribunal's most secret and dread -decrees, of whom such a great deal has been alleged in writing, and of whom such a small real knowledge lias been gained in reality, that many sensible men ?consider them myths, mere bugbears wherewith to keep timid peojle in awe — have vanished from off the ?earth, and Dan Porter is (right or wrong) now their only representative. But for all that, and though your hate of their im moral practioes be most intense, you cannot enter the city of the Latter Day Saints without a feeling ot astonishment and admiration. Astonishment, that in the age of manual punyism, and during a period less in duration than half of an ordinary man's life time, such a work as this has been accomplished by a hand ful of men forced into a compact mass and goaded into absolute but isolated self-reliance by that ancient feeder of superstition, persecution. Admiration, that in a place -where Dame Nature in her naked aspect lias put ob her darkest frowns, human perseverance lias by wholly voluntary exertions transformed her into a smiling goddess ; that a barren, rejected waste been changed into orieof the most pleasing prospects hag eye can wish to gaze upon ; that common, despised, and exiled tanatics have with immense labour succeeded in irrigating and fructifying with golden ^fields and splendid orchards, an arid steppe, in the midst of whieh is planted the nucleus of one of the most extraordinary people the world ever has seen — a people gathering to itself some of the best bones,' I sinews, and marrow, if not brain, to be found in the healthiest and most active nations in Europe and America, evidently prosperous, and (let us at once admit it without cavil, though it be an unpleasant truth) generally happy and contented. Greater works than this have been performed in every age, but have they ever been begun, continued, or perfected, without either /orae or love of gain ? The gigantic remains of the ancients, on which we gaze with wonder and awe ; what are they but the monuments of thousands and hundreds of, thousands of slaves groaning year after -year under the lash of taskmasters, until the enormous I masses slowly and grudgingly grew into form ? And Hie American and Australian cities that have sprung up with marvellous rapidity ; would they have come into existence but for the paramount love of the almighty dollar, or the still more potent £ ? This cannot be alleged of the Mormons and their surprising growth in a wilderness. There is not in all antiquity, nor in recent times, a monument to be found which, for difficulties surmounted, natural obstacles removed, dangers and toil endured, hate and opprobrium in curred, derision and contempt overcome, is equal to this Mormon people and the city they inhabit, if we will be impartial enough to remember that the ex plorers, founders, levellers, builders, sowers and reapers, had absolutely nothing but their own indi vidual physical powers and energy to rely upon ; that they left established homes a prey to their enemies, that they had very little money, and instead of assis tance met everywhere with stubborn obstructions, in stead of encouragement, hate, and bitter scorn. That this is literally true, everyone knows who knows anything at all of the history of this remark able people, and that their capital is one of the prettiest kaleideecopes of town and country scenery in the world, a city in a rural plain, a garden dotted with summer houses, everyone must acknowledge who has spent some time there. Their very polygamic doctrines, as practically enforced, add something soft and balmly to the surroundings. All other trans atlantic centres ef population present strong symptoms of active, buBtling, almost impatient life, but here you seek it in vain. In the two principal streets commerce sits enthroned, but out of them, among the detached -dwellings, there is little or no stir. The men look as healthy and robust as the best elsewhere, but it is the women who give to the whole the impress of a Sun day stillness. They walk about slowly and unob trusively, with a pensive air, drooping head, swan downy pale cheeks, and a languid, I am sure uninten tionally seductive eye, whish glances at the stranger by stealth rather than consciousness of innocence, as surely suffering shame (albeit they have in all sincerity accepted Mormonism as their faith) as that they would utterly refuse to acknowledge such a sentiment, which in fact would involve no lesB than a voluntary personal degradation and a disgrace to their children, the two thugs which almost every woman will avoid at any risk of private misery, --.-?-? Not that I think they consider themselves miser-; able or much to be pitied, as a rule. No, I am not so wilfully blind as not to see — notwithstanding my hearty abhorrence of the whole ' system ' under which they live — that by far the greater majority, not only of the men (that is reasonable, for they have it all their own way), but of the women also, are eontent with their lot, and in far better circumstances, from a merely worldly point of view, than they could have anticipated, bearing in mjtad their former station in life. The question, Why is this so? has often been propounded, but, though the answer lies close at hand, I have never seen it satisfactorily given. A few words will do it, and they may perhaps be the more readily accepted by the reader, when I mention that they are the reflex of confidence imparted to me by persons who have been Mormons themselves, and long dwelt in their midst. : The most important object of a missionary going into foreign lands to spread the doctrine of Mormon ism is to attract the young, poor, healthy, and well conducted, without reference to their intellectual capacities, and, as his instructions on this point are positive, he never addresses himself to the wealthy o'r educated classes. The converts therefore are mostly ignorant people, yet they believe in the Bible — and so do the Mormons. And in this, curious as it may seem, lies their real strength. The missionaries, one and all, loudly proclaim that the Bible is their Bible, as well as the purest Christian's, that it is the Word of God, according to which they live, and that anyone doubting it cannot be received within their pale, but they cautiously add, that the Book of Mormon is a sup plementary revelation, vouchsafed specially to the ' chosen people.' It matters very little that toe know this presumptuous allegation to be one of the most impudent falsehoods in history ; the Mormon publica tions circulated in almost every modern language are full of references to prophesies, whieh, they say, dis tinctly point to that revelation, and one cannot help admixing the skill with which they have managed to dovetail them into each other— quite as convincing as those of far abler commentators endeavouring to prove some favourite crotchet with Scripture texts. To ex *pect that ignorant and illiterate men and women should be able to expose these faulty reasonings is absurd, and in reality they care (to begin with at least) very little about it, so that the authority of the Bible is not gainsaid. They look with far more interest to the promised material advantages, and, un fortunately, not the greatest enemy can deny that they are manifold. Nine-tenths of them have never had any settled religious opinions, and their educa tional standard is such, that a moderately clever manipulation of Scripture texts will seem convincing, while the history of the first and second Mormon per secutions, and tie subsequent unprecedented success ef the sect, cannot fail to attract many willing enough to believe in a future^where every one, at a Very rea sonable price indeed, has a chance of becoming a semi god; For do not these same Saints in downright earnest preach .sad assert that we axe. born without Bin, and by our conduct on earth, unaided by any mediator, can attain everlasting bliss at the right-hand of God, who is nothing more than the most perfect ot created beings, having a human form? Blasphemous as such a doctrine is, it has a great hold over the unen lightened mind therein that it is wholly free from mystery, and solves one of the deepest controversial points in an eminently rational way, thanks to the mythical prophet Mormon. Add to this, that it has never been known or alleged that an abandoned or lewd woman has found entrance within the brother and .sister hood of the Latter Day Saints, and the halo of respectability whieh surrounds them— a greater power by far than the most exalted virtue, among the classes from which recruits are gathered — is ex plained : an immense force pretendedly based upon practical morality which the opponents of the Mor mons never yet have fully recognised. Their travel ling apostles do their work well. They always lead an irreproachable life ; they seldom obtrude their pre sence where unwelcome ; labour at their trades, and never aek . a penny as a gift, offering, or assistance ; they utterly discountenance drunkenness, and such vices as abound in all other places, and they live as they preach. These are qualities sure to be recog nised, and we see the result in the building up of a ' Church,' counting nearly a quarter of a million of communicants, in the space of forty years. And such communicants — all, or nearly all, inured to manual labour of some kind or other from infancy, now ac cepting as doctrine that work, real bona fide work, such as preeses the sweat from the brow, brings them nearer to salvation. Truly, it is surprising, and not the less bo, that the whole hierarchy sets the example in this respect ; there is not one of them, 'prophet, presidents, apostles, bishops, priests, and elders, who do not in reality earn their oread (or some of it at least) by the labour of their hands— the aged and infirm excepted. The immigrant Saints, when they have arrived at the settlement, attain in a comparatively short time independence, firstly because they are always helped to a fair start by their elder brothers, and are never allowed to lack occupation ; and, secondly, because all the usual avenues for expending surplus cash, such as public-houses, dancmg saloons, gaming tables, and flirtation, are completely closed-up and accounted abominations. They are forced to be domestic — a single outbreak would ruin a Saint for ever, and make him a sinner unpardonable. In sickness, age, and distress, a poor-house does cot receive them, and alms, in our sense of the word, are never given or accepted ; the charity shown to them is nothing but their just due, and the internal administration is so perfect that real want is never known. Moreover, the chains by which they are bound to their Church are the strongest , possible to imagine — self-interest and preservation of their homes— and the severe persecution of the Gen tiles forged them. Derided, scoffed at, hated and spurned by the whole remainder of the Christian world, they have been compelled to enter into the oloBest communion, and, they are not greativ unlike an enormous porcupine bristling at all points in defence of her young, yet neither bold nor foolish enough to attempt an atrack. They prosper because labour is their only relaxation ; they are united because they are not permitted to amalgamate with any other class or sect. That men, young and old, should be found in plenty, eager and willing to embrace a religion and citizenship where polygamy is encouraged as a holy duty, is not difficult to understand ; but it seems less easy at first fiance to account tot the continued influx of yeung European females, married and single, of good morals and unblemished reputation, who leave home, country, and kindred behind them, with scarcely any other hope for the future than to be absorbed in a harem. A short examination of the real state of affairs will answer the second part of the question — Why is this so i Almost every unmarried woman has been brought up to service or household work, or at best as a milliner, dressmaker, or shop assistant. There are a few others, and as a rule they all possess no more than an elementary education. Consequently, if they were to remain in their native countries, their chances of marriage would be restricted to within a limited circle, where their lot would be either servitude or some other everlasting drudgery, such as probably their parents have groaned under for half or the whole of their lifetime. In Mormon land a woman is seldom, really hard worked — moBt of them are ' mistresses ; ' and where there is more than one wife, the household labour is divided, and the unavoidable toil becomes elevated to the dignity of housewifely duty and management. Now, to these deceived victims of a delusive scheme of imposture and credulity it seems — and necessarily must seem, when we recollect that polygamy has been accepted by them as part of their creed— better to be a 'missis,' having a divided authority but peculiar and generally sate comforts, than to be a servant or a ' poor man's drudge,' even with absolute control over this 'poor man.' The argument is false, of course, but the effects are as if it were incontrovertible. Another reason for woman's ' conversion,' and no doubt a very weighty one, is already alluded to as having been used by Elder Shrimp in allaying my cousin Milly's conversion, namely, that solemn assurances are given that no woman need marry except from choice and unbiassed free will, and that she can be legally secured from wedded rivals; but both these are dead letters, if not absolutely and premeditately false. One-half of the female converts come from North Germany and Scandinavia, and I am in a position to state, with positive certainty, that the principal Mormon books translated into the languages of those countries, and circulated among the classes supposed to be best the fitted tor the pro duction of Saints, are totally devoid of arguments in favour of a multiplicity of wives ; that no such in junction is made regarding the holiness of that plural state as is found in the ordinary Mormon catechisms of to-day, and other text books used in Utah; that in no place polygamy is asserted to be an ' institution ' revealed (by Herren as sanctifying and full of -holy spirit, but that every reader artfully is led to believe that Aw is no special tenet of Monnonism, bat rather (and this is the peculiar attraction for many men) an in dulgence granted to those who perform good works and mutually agree to try the experiment. In fact, it is Joe Smith's doctrine, as it stood up to 1840, and as now held by the Josephites ; and I may add, that in the books just alluded to, there is not the remotest hint that the persecutions endured by the Saints has in any degree been caused by an opposition to thii detestable, morally and physically degrading practice. This being the case, the readiness of married women to accompany their husbands ceases to be a cause of surprise, and the unmarried are greatly influenced by their elders. Polygamy removed, there are to be found many worse sects in the world which are toler ated in the midst of Christian communities ; and Mormonism, shorn of its privilged sensualism, would, however heterodox, have many things in its favour. Chatter IX. — Stk&taqbiu.; At the time of our visit the Clawson prostitution* hung like a heavy cloud over the city of the baints, and an anxious commotion was observable, strange to ?ay not so much among the threatened flock, for the first time attacked by courtly justice, as among the anti-Mormons, as may be called. all the Gentiles resid ing there. The Deseretsf had been disturbed, truly, but from the buzz made one would have thought the disturbance had taken place in their opponeats' hive, rather than their own. Every Mormon showed a calm and unruffled countenance, and though doubtless each one was prepared for any eventualities likely to turn up, there was not an outward sign to prove that they felt the wound. Thanks to Adrian's influence we were received into the house of a Gentile family, old residents. Mr. and Mrs. Brunton were quiet people, and had begun to be heartily sick of their Mormon neighbours, and the in cessant torrent of slander, abuse, and invented stories with which the anti-Mormons beguile their leisure hours, and by which they undeniably inflict upon their own cause incalculable mischief — not bo much because it daily enlarges the breach, between the two classes, as that it gives unnecessary victories to the Saints, who to all appearance completely ignore these silly attacks, or, when they do notice diem, prore them false, and who, moreover, never retaliate in kind. My original intention had been to present myself before Brigham Young, and demand instant restora tion of my cousin, as detained against her own inclina tion, but the arguments of Adrian and Captain Guelles, of the U. S. infantry, garrisoned at Camp Douglas, and henceforth our co-conspirator, prevailed, and I Rave up my own notion of what I thought fair dealing; Their reasons for discountenancing such a project were in effect, that as I could not claim Milly as my promised bride, or expect that she forthwith would accept me as her husband (my own inclinations alone being insufficient to rely upon), the Mormon conclave would be perfectly justified in refusing such an ap plication, and probably at once place her under the protection of one of her nearest relatives, her aunt or sister, far fitter persons— or so the world would con eider them-— to be entrusted with such a charge, than a wandering swain who possibly might be an adven turer. To secure for her a temporary home in a Gentile family would not be impossible, but if she left the Mormons against their will and accepted my pro tection, they would be sure to find out some real or make probable some pretended incident, that would be so distorted as to tell against her. They were famous, I was told, for such contrivances. But the greatest danger they apprehended was, that, if I went boldly to the President, she would be spirited away to some other distant settlement, where she would remain in total ignorance of my efforts to obtain her release. All thiB savoured too much of party spite— for the Americans hate the Saints with an intensity almost unexplainable, and of which people in Europe can have no conception— and it was .not quite agreeable to me, who had neither previous insults to avenge, nor indeed any deep rancour ; but I knew not then that to beat the Saints by any kind of stratagem was the very essence of gratified vengeance to the ultra Mor mon haters. I consented, and to guard against all hazards my honest 'name of Hebden was changed into that of Carleton. Our first business, after having settled these preli minaries, was to reconnoitre the enemy's stronghold— the second to engage a spy. The house in Fourteenth 8outh-street,the beehive, orSlaveBaxaar,according to Milly' s account, was a neat and commodious building of two storeys, standing as most others detached in a ?mail garden, but as I have never been inside it I can give jao minute description of the interior. There was one principal front entrance gate, only a few feet in height, and columned by two pieces of a whale's spine rising perpendicularly as supporters, a sufficiently un common embellishment to prevent a possibility of mis taking the houBe. A smaller entrance to the right led by a carriage-way the side of the garden to the back premises, and this too was secured by a gate about seven feet high. The proprietress kept no open shop, but somewhere on the first floor there was a shew room wherein the wealthier Mormon ladies were per mitted to indulge in a little innocent vanity, for Mrs. Arbuthnot provided the most elegant articles in the city, and was precisely the woman to dispose of them well without giving offence to the prevailing taste for simplicity, or— the ladies' husbands. We next engaged a Bpy. With ' we ' I mean Adrian and myself, tor neither Captain Guelles nor the Bruntons took any active part in our proceedings. The former gave what he considered the best advice, but as an officer of the United StateB army, stationed there, he was prevented from otherwise joining in a sport so very congenial to his taste. The Brontons, after having heard my explanations, counselled caution * and circumspection, and consented to receive Milly temporarily, provided she came personally and asked for shelter and protection, for in nowise would they be promoters of an elopement, or anything which the Saints could torture into an abduction. They were kind, honest, straightforward people these Bruntons, and though they abhored the very presence of a Mor mon, they would on no account have committed a breach of good faith even against one of them. The spy we after some difficulty secured was an apostate from die Mormon creed, and I must say, by no means a perfect character*. He had been guilty of one of those offences which society in general looks upon as very venial indeed ; but which the Saints, following the text of the Old Law, never forgive. He hated them with his whole heart, but nevertheless I fancy he would have sold us, could he have found anyone will ing to pay high enough. To thiB man I, after some hesitation, entrusted the letter Mrs. Hallaway had given me to her sister, enclosed in one from myself, wherein I acquainted her by what means I had learned her true position ; and stated my willingness to 'help her as soon as she could intimate in what way my services would be most useful to her. The bearer was ?EMer Bna Clawson, one of the wealthiest Mormon*, mimed tf oaaghter ot Brightm Tcanf, and, after hiring bad tetetti Gbxmta fcy her, married one 61 her own younger Bitten. He wu prosecuted bf the United State** Attorney- General, not for fciganjjr,bctt. with* cowardice on worthy of the treat Bepnblie, ftw «lauw-raUiy;' found guito and sentenced to three years' im prisonment and « heavy tne. This conTiotion he bore with msly fortHade, aa ? glorias* opportunity of leititjingtohlM faith, and be ia now regarded by hte feUow-polygamiais as a Martyr ia a good cause, and -will probably be bis father-in-laVe fMeenor. \+ De»errtU*be name girea by thtilomoM to tte territory «t . Tttaa,aB* eigaifiet the seuatry of the bte. The Batata them avtvet ?». wont to toast that their hive aw bees vawe sting* oae £aj wiU^eJett, - . - to receive her reply, addressed to me under my assumed name, and I assured her that the house of a Gentile family stood open for her reception. ' I and a friend of mine,' I wrote, ' are ready at any time, night or day, to come to your rescue, and await but your signal ; and so as to assure myself that you really receive this letter, and that the reply comes from no other hand than your own, I beg you to men tion therein the place where you and I last met, if you have not forgotten it.' I had grown suspicious, as you see, by beginning to intrigue and scheme. One, two, three, four days went by, and still no answer came. During this time we 'did' the town, and well worth the trouble it was. That Adrian was both recognised and 'marked' was plainly discern ible, and I, his constant companion, came in for con siderable share of the attention paid him. Some years previeusly he had engaged in a very severe con test with the* most influential Saints, relative to the validity of a narriage contracted by a young woman to one who already had two wives, and he had been ignominiously beaten. To revenge himself he had entered upon the dangerous experiment (and it mu dangerous in those days) of opening up communica tion with two: minors, decoyed to the Mormon congre gation by false representations, and actually succeeded to frw them and their not inconsiderable inheritance from the grasp of the Saints, and carry them off in triumph. They had thus won a game each, and it may easily be imagined that his presence was now looked upon with suspicion, and that our opponents would watch our movements pretty closely — which they did. There exists in the whole world not a better organised secret police than Brigham Young's. Napoleon in Fouche's time was never better served, and I have heard many Gentiles seriously aver that nothing in their own circles happens that may have the least interest for the Mermon community but that it is known to their police, which is chosen from among their cleverest people, periodically changed, and known to none but their superiors. - It was therefore perhaps quite as well that my real name was known to no one except Adrian, Captain Guelles, and the Bruntons. On the fifth day the longed-for reply arrived. It was neither long nor explicit, written in pencil, but properly enclosed in an envelope, and ran thus : — ' Dear Courin Charles,— I thank God and you that at lengtV. I am able to see the end, though I had giren up all hope of Rebecca having reeeired my letter, as I did not hear from her. Belying that a proper «iy!um ia prepared, I am ready and thankful— oh 1 how thankful I— to go ; but without Alice— never ; and as you ?ay you have read my letter to Bebeeoa, you must knoro this already. Come to the theatre on Thursday. Alice and I will be there, both dressed in pale blue. If we wear red and white roaettes in the shape ol a cross, then be at the tide entrance of our bouse on Friday evening at nine o'clock precisely. We will then be ready. If we wear anything else, don't come, for then obstacles are in the way, of which I will inform you as soon as possible. If you cannot taveus lot h, let me know. Otherwise write not— it is dasgerou. ' 1 reserve my expressions of gratitude wtfl we meet, and remain, ' Tow affectionate cousin, ' E. H. 11 P.8.— To prevent every possibility of misunderstanding-, I re pest that I teill not and cannot accept liberty without Alice. If you can receive her as my sister, I pray you for auld langByne to do so. ' P.P.8. — When you see, aad i/you recognise me in the theatre' make no sign, and expect none from me, for there are 60 many watehers about that I dare not give it. - 'F.F.P.8.— You wast me to mention where we last met, as a guarantee that this comes from the right person, and I had nearly forgotten It— not the occasion, you know, but the request. It was in the small summer-house in the gardes behind your mother's cottage. ' Millt.' The last postscript was very pleasant to read, and so was the allusion to auld langByne ; but, for the rest, what a fix we were in now ! Miss Brendstrup ! Why, we had never thought of her, strange as it may appear. Adrian, who had never read Milly' s letter, knew, of course, only in a vague kind of way of the two girls' friendship, but I ought to have foreseen some such, complication, and I told him as much when he had perused the letter. 'Waal,' he said, 'I have always thought we would have to be mighty Btnart to regulate all things with proper propriety forgetting one safely off. Not that the mere removal of your cousin from her present abode would be so very difficult, although we must not shut our eyes to the fact, that it is a ticklish busi ness to run away with a young and pretty girl, even though they are but Mormons who claim her. But now that there are two, I conclude the affair will be easied considerably.' 41 1 understand. You mean that when there are two, the one will be a kind of moral protector to the other.' ♦? That is so,' he replied, puffing at his pipe vigour ously. I believe he smoked twice as much as usual while in Salt Lake City, because the Saints dislike the habit. ' 'Tis a tarnation queerish job, Mormon or no Mormon, cousin or no cousin, to whistle off, alone and unaccompanied by one of her own sex, a handsome girl, right under the very noses of those the law ac knowledge as her legal guardians, but it can be done, oughter to be done too, when there's reason for it. When there are two, the case is altered, for, as you said, the presence of one will protect the other from all kindB of slander.' ' True ; but what are we to do with them both, when we have them safe r ' ' What are we to do with one ?— clear me that score first,' he retorted, looking provokingly innocent, and as if he had no idea of the hopes I cherished. ' Why,' I said, musingly, and half-ashamed at the confession, ' you know my feelings, and if I should not meet with the success I expect, I must be con tent to have her sent under safe escort to England.' ?? Content,' he repeated, doubtingly. ' Ah, is that so? Waal, if the fates should prove so adverse, I reckon two will be company on such a journey.' ' True again. But if, on the other hand ? ' IB' Yes — if you win your bride, as I have no doubt you will, then you instanter hasten away with her to your own home. Waal, if these two ladies really are such great cronies as they seem, then there is no un reason in the supposition that they might go together even so far.' , ?? To be sure,' I exclaimed, greatly relieved. ' What a fool I have been not to have thought of that before.' ' That is so,' he acquiesced with uncomplimentary phlegm, and we went to dinner. After renewed consultation, it was agreed that we should for the present say nothing to Mr. and Mrs. Brunton about the increase in the number of their intended gueBts, but to trust to the chapter of ac cidents for a plausible explanation, when in the ful ness of time our enterprise should be crowned with success, being well assured that, however disinclined for open warfare with their neighbours, all Mormon dom would not prevail upon them to give up a couple- of persecuted girls, were they once safely beneath their roof. Time hung very heavily on our hands ; our whole thoughts were the eventful Thursday. 