LA W R E N C E . from our own correspondent. I AM not going to tell you of the state of the weather or the quantity of rain that has fallen here on certain days of the past week, as the indefatigable (?) correspondent of one of your contemporaries has already in- formed SOME ot tne puolic that Lawrence came in for its share of the recent storm — although he went on to say "we did not get much of it, but it was cold while it lasted." The prophet has awoke again, but this time assumes a differenttone — cvidentlynot relishing the stern truths put forth some few weeks back in your journal, by the builder of the so-called " Dutch punt." It is scarcely worth while taking up your space by narrating the scarcity of feed for- cattle — or the state of the roads between here and Tenterfield. Our townsman — Mr.. Dawson— expresses great thankfulness to the authorities of the Grafton Hospital, for the kindness shown him while an inmate of that Institution recently; describing its situation as a quiet -spot — where no ghost was to be. seen, or pigs wallowing in manure and charcoal. : It is the general opinion here that the division among the people of Lower South- gate, concerning the Public School, was caused by. a few, individuals — who while money was required kept aloof and would not give a shilling towards the cost of the building, nor even promise to send their children to the school ; but as soon as it was known that the Council of Education intended to erect schools without the aid of public contributions, they then attempt to upset all that had been done for the good of the majority of Lower Southgate resi dents—but I believe they will be defeated with their own weapons. Since my last communication this town ship has assumed quite a busy appearance; what with steamers, punts, and cane cutters, our little " Zion " is all alive, and will I think continue so for some time to come. I shall endeavour when next I write to give a more minute account of Public School matters and of such other affairs as may come under my notice. July 24th. The Australian Joint Stock Bank has declared a dividend and bonus equal to ten and a halfper cent. 