TWO STRINGS TO THE BOW. (Fron Bori Blls.) - TEm delicate frigranrce of hot- house floiwers floated througlh the half lighted parluurs, like remuinisceraes of.. the "sweet south, breathiing ui)on a IbaIlk of violets," niltheogh. the nmatter-of fact irolannc'stolidly persisted in Ioiitiigout L'ecembher as the riinrith, and the thcru'nritereto withoot stooid uncominForttAhly near zero. But the vases on either side of the tire place. were filled with' ruoses and Iheliotirope, fresh from the I 'tropic wiri muith of conrservatories,artd a single dtrazling japonica gleamned, like carved pearl, amiong the jetty fulris of Elin Warrdlaw's hair, as she steod saailinr beside her harp, listening i to thIe reg'retfil farewells of hin whom the world called hea lover. '" Good-bye, Ella; I shall come again very soo t". Miss WVardilaw's heart throbbed high. Charles Forrest had never beforo called her "Ella;" and she felt trim phallntly conscious that her proud beauty, and the sednc:ive lnotes of her silver-stringed harp, had very nearly brought hlii to the i proposinig point.' One or two mnre such vigorous sieges, and the *fhrtross would he her own. She sLank, yawning, on a sofa, as the front door closed behind her lover, inid clasped her white hands carelessly over her head, thIe crimsorn lips apart, arid the veined lids drnooping over her eyes that were furll of snotlhered fire- the very iirpersoinrtionii of a lovely syren, whose vocation it was to conquer hearts by thIe score, and carry them about with her, as trophies of her copaette lures I " MLrs Charles Forrest," sire relpea. ted to herself-" that ldoesni't sounrd so very bradly, does it 1 particulhrly is the riforesaid Mrs Charles Forrest will stet, into It aitllsl anion, a cal"1rliige, and a perfect carcanet of fVirily dirt mnirds Il Yes, I BIelieve he is rfoely entrllapped, iii.rl ifI I rlay my crrrds as well as I ccnr do, the matter will be settled within three days I Aleigho I this husband-hunting is ait wearisorne business, after ill ; airid rather hirz:rrdrous, unless one is very skilful. That reminds me," she addedl, starting sIudidenly iup, rind throwirig roff her rsrft li riguor 111s one inighlt lay asidle a useless garirrent, " Ii must write to Rralph Tlrornhy to-night. IfI' the love stricken wretch shoruldl fultil his hiiniited inti motion Oi crinirg to. see ruse, it mighlt posuibIly I e rwkwwird. Poor, dear Lnrlph I ' conrtinued.the Ibeauty, with curlirir lipr, as she o ipened her d:aiinty writiing-desk, and selected a sheet of rose coloured palper, iredlo lent of soiiue fninit Parisianii perfinrue, -" what a gllnrt hlie was 1 I reilly liked the handlsomne boy ; but Charles Forrest is rich, and that must decide nmattrrs, for such an ex travagant little body as I am carn't live without monrey. I am sorry, though. that I wrote Ralph that very sen timieirtid letter ; Lit thatrt was when I strppoierld lie was thIe best investrment I coIrlrl Iimike of rny pre cirus: self. But, I'll srrirrKle cold wirter om, the fliHme of his love, be ' fRire, the atffir lecomines any. moIIre serious. I wonder," Ipursued Ella, uiting the endrl of her ipenr thoight. fully, '' whether I rrrut leave olf ilirtirig when I'rm married to Charles. 1 rIo like this .lrivinrg three or four lvers in haul, I colll'fess; it's spllerlid fun i Eleven o'clock I cnn3 it .0e lrsi n lit it is sndr frrltl It munt wsake hactein mind fiihirth thbnm '-'3 tiresaome letter, onrl-tlen~ tuilictl;_ ter dreamin of -diamncid iirrd'-cariij ey-jrl" It was 'neirly tielye. however, and the fia:e'had burnt verylowiv;he= fore Ells finished the carefutlly worded note, aiid sealed it with a faii ry- like device of eantaxigled initials in pink wax. For Ella was ex quisitely fastidious aud elcborate in all her doings, even down to her ftlirtations. The beautiful velvet-cheeked con quette, with her drooping eyelids and voice attuned to the sweetest and softest key-one would have thought, as pluicedl that letter on the Imarble 'manritel, that she knew .its contetnts weie meantt to break the heart of a nioble - and true smiled man 1l But, patience,- Ella Ward law-your day of retribution will arrive yet I When Charles Forrest descended the steps of the Wardinwll s' dwel ling, anrd w'alked down the lighted street, he telt dizzy sird happy, like" the voyager who steers his bark away from the swoft, bewillering frA. grance of lotus hilossomned i-les in the far Eaist. The syren's spell was on him-andl yet some warning and watchful pulse, down deep in his heart, kept beating the old, incoum prehensiblle tune,, " Beware, beware!" Onwaird hle passed throuigh the lnoisy tuLmn ilt of: Piecadilly, up B13ondl Street, until he ipausedl where the brilliant lights from a great hotel threw a line of radiance out of the very mnidulle of tihe street. "Forrest.! mny dear fellow I can it he possiblel that this is you ?" sud denly excliiimed a voice. " Myself, aind no other, Thorinh y, for I comeclude it is eitlier you or your ghost. But I thought you were '.safely settled in OC.inlbridge, studyihg divinity' ilntenil f- " SInstead of rinmning :wild ablout the country, you were going to saly. But I have granted 'myself a ten, poratry holiday to - P'shrtw, Scan't tell you 'about it here; come up to my roouumand we'll have a chat." The delightful little impromtptu supper of well seasoned grills. washerl down Iby Moselle, was over, Aind the two gentlemnen were sunok iog cigars in fl'out of a bright ftire, when Thlormni abruptly plunmge: into the sublject which was upper miost in his niimd. " Charley, I'm in love l" SYou are ; My dlear fellow, so ait 1 I" " I am glad of that, because you can sympathliise with me. I have coime here expressly to see her, andl have the dayr tixed for our wed dinng." " I1 haven't got quite so far as that I" said Forrest, smiling. "But, Charley, she is the loveliest creature that the suil ever shone on-an angel-adivinity " HIold on, Ralph-not quite the loveliest, I trust; for the lIly whom I worshij. is aloune entitled to that superlative egreu of praisew I" ' You're in love too, mrny dear boy, so I'll excuse any little syimi touns ; .'ins;tnity,"' rejoine'l Tlhor by, caugling; " but really, if you could see Ella - Stay II hie. lieve I've got her picture somewhere about me 1r" lie seartched eagerly in his pockets, while Forrest riepeated the soft nanme. Ella ? Why, that is the name of the, young lady whom I admire So much; and, by Jove I" he adled, as 'I'horm''mby unclaspedl it little velvet miiniature case, abmd held it toward s him, " that is thIe vuery face I You don't mean to say you are engaged to her 1" "Tlo he sure I arn I What do you mean I? Suirely there is some in ist Ike 1 I can show you hex last letter 1" I-be drew out th1e self- same " ve,'y sentimiientml" epistle tim whic:h Miss Warmdhilw had referred'to iin her un uttered solilowl"bj. Forrest glanced over it with' he willereul eyes, and then biting his white lip u otil the .ldood started, took fromin his 'iwon 1miukeut-lhink ' a jiretti ly worded note fmmirom Ella, which le had recuived that mioriri " The hand writimig is precisely si mUilir. al1hm, we' are buothi the dupes of ani artful, ounprincijdeuh gi il. Thisnarnie Ella Watrdlaw, wlil I she is 3corresponding with you ini this impassiuo.ed' strain, is doing her best to luje me on to a 'pro posal I" " It cannot be,", gasped 'Ralph, fueling as .if he !vere in a dream. '" lint' I know 'it to he so I Heavens i wvhixt a narrowv escape 'I have bud I And you alo, TI'hornbhy, should rejoice ut 'your escape a from the wilus of a ,fawls:hetarted coquette I" Still Ralph Tliornby repeatedr, be twee hik d oclched teotl, c " I will oit.bolieve 'it. Ellen is a troth itself I' " Shall we put it to the test I" asked Fuirm'est, rather i udignantly. " Do wlhit yumu pleito. I' will stake mny life on liorsing le miniled ness I" Forriest took up a pen, and : ·. · · .1' I i d slied off a -hurried prujiosal in furL ' -' * " 'here' I will. send this 'to Smorrow morning, with i rIeques't' fr \- an imhuediate ariswer.. When tlint a answer cloijes, will you believe its a testiihiony'?" Tliornby nodded ; but the hand a which lay upon CharlUs Forrest's r was coldl and damp as marhble. " Good night, then, my dear \- fellow," said Forrest, as he rose to s take leave. ` I un soarry ftr-you -t from the very bottom of any heart, e for you feel this more deeply thai I a can do (" I S Baut Thornhy did not answer- he a was glazing absently into the tire. I Could -it he possible that . his wor \- shiliped idol was slilppirlig, slowly I but surely, firot her high pedlestail 1 Thlieuan what reaintie I on earth to I trust 1 Head and heart both ached sadly I that light ; baic the wearliliess of a" travtl was nothing to the sick semi tation of distrost. and iapi rehen sion that had taken possession of I his milili. STherefore, it happened that he I was still hangingi over his almost s untasted hbreakfast when Charles Foirrest was arllounced by a waiter. SWell 1" was his greeting. a Forrest replied " I despatchede myI In mi.ive, and heie is the answer. I Sea, the seml is yet ulIro1keIIn-we will periise it together." I It Wis a skilfully wriitteni note Iof glad acceptalnce. Ella write that ' shi had long loved M r Forrest-than t her grealtest haijpiiiess through life woulil he l.tto seciIre his dcisteislthiaent,' -with a viariety (i chalring little aIlileaIlai, soch as, yesterdaly, wouold have tilled Charles Forrcest's heairt With rapture. Now, they were false, idleý rhap 0dies3 I "Are you convinced 1'' was Forreist's simple question, as the letter dropped from his companionl's tremoblilg hand. "I omI. It has been a pleacant dream ; but In lo effectually roused at Iast Chaley, I lihave been a fool -a lupe 1" " Aid soI have I, Ralph. Just give one that enith usiast i love-letter you showed 1e3 last night 1" " What for 1'" Charles iadle nio relply ; but he took the letter from Thornby's IuI resistinig hand, and( follilng it with the note of accehptance he had juist reaeived, wrote one line on the Ihie coiiipliiiueits of Mlessirs Thoriiby all Foirest" -aiid iienclosed Iit,h ill ois eivel,1pe,directelI to Miss Ward law. There I" he snid, quietly. When she receives this, she will see tLhat her carefully arraniged plans are dis concerted. Aniid tlhenceforward the niame of Ellai Wardilaw was never imenltioned between the two friends. Thornby returned a sadder anrd a wiser milan to UCambridge, aid Forrest went to FraincA, having very sensihly resolved not even to risk - a chance meeting with Ehlia, whose so-'tle art he dreiade exceeil dingly.w Elli Wardlnw was practising n dilthcolt. Itdtlian sonata on her harp as the eventful note was handed heir. She tore it hurriedly open, and gazed with wide.open, bewildered eyes upon theenclosures. The next iiistain they fell trom her nerveless Itiugers-shl e had ti iintel, for tlhe tirnt arii last time in her life. Ye'l; have piassed since then. Ralili Thorniy is murriedi to a lovely youniig heiress; Charles Forrest has a -bloonming witll, andl two rosy little giris; But Ella Ward iaw is a hopeless oll amid, withl niot the thiatest chaniiu of a Ii ush'and. She says she never initended to iara-y -but, we've Ilalrd old.l 111015 say that biefol-e I A guest at an hiito[ found a laidy's nighit-gmwn in liii roolm, all d wien t to the l'nilord with it, saying. . Look a Iier1!. imaister, this ii a 11ll low In-ick ry, a d lu-iion n11d si'antrI. If yeul en't fill it up, I don't wau't the darned thing irnmy room."' ly mime is Sirmnrs-t," said a pun ster. *' I am ii oi iaei-a hl balehii-or. I cannot marry, fir hoiw ould I hope ti prevsil on any young lady .possessed of the slightest notion of delicacy to turi a Somierset I' " Your dress," said a -husband to his fashionable wife," will never please the mii?'. " I doni't dress to please Imen," was the reply, " but to worry other women." " Wlion your futhor and mothor for snke you, Li'reddy, do you know who will take you up ?' -' Yes, sir; the police." Three pairs that never agree-two oats over one mouse, 'two' wives in one housa, cod two lovers over oije lady. What bocame'of TLnt whon his wife was tiirneid into a piller of salt? Ho took a fresh one. II..-who. reeuires .a favoar should nevar firget it; he wyhogives odum should ziever remember it. 