LOCAL NEWS. v ? Court of Requests. Monday, May 31. ' ? ; (Before Messrs. MacCabe, Turner, Lysaght, and . ... .. Biggor, J.P.'s.). ..;. ? ~ Ann Shea v. \V. W. Jenkins, for £7. Mr. Woodward appeared for plaintiff, and Mr.. Owen for defendant. Plaintiff stated that , she engaged in Sydney as cook to Mr Jenkins, ' the terms being 12s per week for three months ; her passage was also paid from Sydney to Wollongong ; after being five weeks in defendant's service, he dismissed hor, giving her a cheque for £3, which she received as being on account, but not in foil payment of all dne to her ; she may have said occasionally that she would leave defendant's service, and she took her boxes out for that purpose once or twice ; the gravy she put on the meat on one occasion may have been a little putrid, but not very bad ; that occurred only once; she was a good cook, but defendant's kitchen was bo damp that she could not do proper cooking in it ; the stovo was also out of order,; and Miss Jenkins had promised her, that a new one should bo obtained in place of it ; she had always been civil and courteous to all defendant's family ; she never said to any per.?on 'that she had made rows in other places, and had boon paid so as to be got rid of. Margarot Dcnnet deposed that she had b3en engaged in Sydney to defendant at the same time as plaintiff ; sho was a laundress ; heard Mr. Jenkin's family speak highly of plaintiff as cook, and remarking that they had never had her like before in that capacity ; witness also partook of all tho food prepared by plaintiff, after its having loft defandant's table, and always found it good ; the stove was bad, however, and that may have inter ferred to somo extent with plaintiffs cooking, Idelia Kiernan (called for the defence) said she was house and parlour maid in the defendant's service; she frequently saw plaintiff sending joints 'of undercooked meat covered with putrid gtavey to defendant's tablo ; witness had often carried away such from the table by her master's orders, it being unfit for uso ; on being spokon to about her bad cooki.ig in that way, plaintiff would become abusive and sometimes threaten to learc, and on one or two occasions sho took her box and clothes out, as she said, for that purpose ; plaintiffs demeanour, to defendant's family was very cross and insulting; the stove, of which plaintiff com plained only' required a little cleaning and atten tion ; she was always on good- torms- with plaintiff, but sometimes plaintiff was not so toward her ; she never said, .sho. would get plaintiff sent away from the placo ; plaintiff told her she had ' kicked lip1' a row in one or two other places, and that they had paid her to get.rid of her. ?.?.:??; . Defendant deposotl that he knew little about tho. matter, -any moro ..than ' he. -had boon . informed, by his daughters;. ha was aware, ..however, that plaintiff's cooking while in.his service was ex ecrable ; sbei frequently not (only spoiled beautiful meat in the cooking, but she positively poisoned it by putrid gravy ; on one occasion' the gravy was so offensive that .the windows had to be.opened in. order to get -id'of the 'smell; he did not re msniber hayingapoken approvingly of hor cooking at any time, though he might liave.doiie. so ; ho did remember giving her a glass of whisky on one occasion by way of endeavouring to bribe her to cook a good dinner ; he paid her for the live weeks she was in his service, and was very glad to get rid of her, moro especially on account of. her insolence to his daughters. Tester Smith said he was in tho service of Mr. Jenkins, and saw plaintiff on the 39th April pulling down her boxes, saying at tho same time that sh-t was going to loave at 3 o'clock that day. Plaintiff, re-called, denied having 'kicked up' rows at other -places in ordor to bo paid and and got rid of. . . . . :. Margaret Dennet, rc-callod, stated that Idelia Kcirnan had frequently remarkod that she wished, plaintiff was away from tho place, and ibatshe., would get a young man Bhe knew to frighten her away, or otherwiso that sho would dress herself as a 'ghost' and, do it. , Their Worships having consulted, they gave' a verdict for plaintiff for £2 8a and costs (is. ? (Mr MacCabe here left tho Bench.) . ,. Maria' Hill v. John Rowles, for the support of an illegitimate child.. Mr. Woodward appeared for plaintiff. Plaintiff deposed that the child was two years and throe, months old, and that, defendant had not contributed towards its support since the 20th April last ; sho said she went out. washing, but did not make more than an averago of about 4saweck at that ; defendant had contributed 5s. a week for the child for a year ; it was worth from 10s. to 12a. a week to keep the child. Defendant admitted tho paternity of the child, but said he was uunblo to contribute towards its support ; he had a wife and child to keep, and his wife having had ill-health, the doctors expenses became heavy on him; ho was a member of a Medical Association connected with the Mount Keira mine, at which ho worked, but his wife took a fancy to the other doctor, and ho (defendant) had to pay for his attendance ; his averago earnings was about 30a. a week ; ho was not a miner, but did other work connected with the mino ; ho could not remember exactly how .much ho received at the last monthly pay day, but believed, it was about £8 ? ho was a day labourer, and ho worked about an average of five daya a week, his pay being 8s. a dav ? in addition to having a wife and child to keep and tho doctor to pay, ho had £10 a year rent to 1-aXhe Bonch ordered defendant to pay 5a a week into tho hands of Senior-Sergeant Sheridan for tho support of tho child for twelve months from tho present time, and also to pay 5s lOd costs of ( Court and £1 Is profession^ costs. 