QUIETUDE. LET mo bub die !-but die !-and pass away Into oblivion's endless nothingness Of quietude, where oven tho silent stars Are hidden, and all space is motionless ; "Where never more may come sound, sight, or thought, To stir the shrinking fibres of each nervo ^ " . Again to torturo ! Let me from this world, And from all future, even tho' fairer worlds, Sink into sleep-which never has a dream* Nor knows awakening ! Has not this ono life Enough of fierce monotony of pain, Unrest, and fitful, fevered weariness ! Dread of tho morrow ! and its sordid round Of haunting fears and cares, and narrow ends, To live i' th' world of pitiful worldly moans ? Self-scornful that our little dust of death Should smirch our soul so for its floshy needs, Deadening whatever germs of higher life Wero born with us ; till sorrowing, hopeless, sad, Loathing ourselves, we long, with hungering crave, To undistinguished blond our worn down dust For ever with tho mud-whence first we carno ! THIS life seemed glorious at tho first, and se Might others more so seem ; but trust destroyed By Fate in this lifo breaks down all of trust In fúture's fairest seeming. Lot all lives, All futures, and all worlds, howovor great, Which might bo mino-by heirship of this earth Pass to earth's other lives, who caro to tako My addod share to theirs. They're welcomo to 't ! And all my pity for their choice thorein j So that my end bo utter nothingness Unbrokon, endless, painless, quiotude ! Sydney, Jan. 5, 1875. E. A. The crow is not so bad a bird after all. It never shows tho white feather, and never complains without caws. " She dyed for mo," said a young husband when lie beheld tho dark locks gradually returning to their origi nal rod. A female pawnbroker, hauled up for extortion, claimed immunity on tho ground that sho was a loan woman. " Sixty dollars for a threshing machine ?" exclaimed a young East Sido boy, when ho saw tho card on ono for sale, ""Why, mother pays only two dollars a pair for hor slippors." " William," said ono quaker to another *' thoo knows I never cali anybody names; but, William, if tho Governor of tho state should como to mo and say, ' Joshua, I want thee to find me tho biggest liar in the State of New York,' I would como to thee and say 'William, the Governor wants to seo theo particu larly.' " "Mamma, whoro do cows got tho milk?" asked Willie, looking up from tho foaming pan of milk which he had baon intently regarding. " ÂVhero do you got your tears?" was tho answer. Af tor a thoughtful silence he broke out, "Mamma, do the cows have to bes pankod?" A young lawyor in a country town asked some of his friends to a game of cards in Iiis room, to be followed by a little supper. Progs were a now species of food in that latitude, and a dish of thom cooked in the choicest way was tho feature of tho occasion. Supper time approached, and during a temporary lull in the conversation, tho door suddenly opened, and a MileBian waitor, in a loud voice, announced supper thus : " Mr. E., Hiern ludst is dono, and supper is ready 1" Somo students fixed up a ghost and placed it on tho staircaso of a Troy newspaper office tho other night, and then retired and waited developments. One of the editors carno along, and didn't get frightened. He dis!¡ robod it, and now wears a fiftoen-rlollar nnir of panta loons, a ton-dollar vost, a sovon dollar pair of boot«, and an eight-dollar bab, whilo ono of tho students goes about without a vest, and another voamB around through the less frequented streets wearing a very ancient pair of inexpressibles. 