NIW CONVENT AT KEN8INGT0N. On Sunday, the 5th inst, the foundation stone was laid of a Convent at Kensington for the Sisters of 6t Joseph. This order of nuna, which is essentially South Australian, having been instituted ten years ago by the Kev. J. £. T. Woods for missionary purposes, has now received a charter from Rome, and the building about to be erected will be considered the mother-house. Tbe ramifications of the order extend throughout this colony and in several other Australian dioceses. When we state that the SUterB have in their charge, besides day sthcols for children throughout the colony, the Eoman Catholic orphans numbering over 100, the Providenoe(or the institution for tbedestitute aad aged poor), also a Home, where unhappy victims of 'the Bin of cities' may find rest and a prospect of reformation, we have only partially indicated their extended sphere. The B.C. Bishop, attended by the Rot?. Tappeiner and Peters, the Jesuit Fathers of the Norwood Mission, and by the Revs. M. Keogh and McCloekey, arrived shortly after 3 o'olock, and being vetted with the rochet, alb, and white cope, and wearing his mitre, proceeded to the site situated in the grounds known as the late Mr. Main's. After the chanting of the 83rd Psalm the stone was blessed aooording to the Roman rituaL Tho Litany of the Saiuts and 126th Psalm were chanted, and the Bidhop laid tho stone, using tho words:— 'In the faith of Jesus Christ we set this first stone in thu founda tion in the name of the Kathor, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that true faith may iloumh here, and the fear of God ana brotborly love, and that this place may be devoted to prayer and to the invocation acd praise of the name of the same Jesus Cbrist our Lord, who with the Father and the Holy Ghppt lovoth and roi^neth God world without end.' The 50th Psalm' was sung, asd the procession moved round the whole site of the foundations, chanting the prescribed psalms and anthems. His Lordship then addressed an impressive discourse to the assembled crowd, who listened patiently despite the threatening weather. He etated that as in the name of the Lord Jesus he had laid the first stone of the Convent school that pointed clearly to what the Church thought education should be; commenced in God's name and in God's name it eught to bo carried out, and would be, despite any efforts to the contrary. The weather, which now more than threatened, compelled His Lordship to shorten his discourse; but in answer to his appeal, and despite the inclemency of the day, which kept many at home, over £65 was deposited on the stone. Tne building will be a very plain structure in its design, economy and accommodation having been tbe principal objects in view. It U to be built of Glen Osmond stone, with brick dressings, and will be three storeys high. The first, which is partly underground, will be used as a refectory; size, 63 ft x 31 ft. by 10 ft. hi^b. The ground floor will contain a community-room, 36 ft. x 31 ft x 15 ft 3 in. high, which will also be used as a Echoolroom, and will be divided from the oratory by a movable wood partition. Tbe size of the oratory will be 27 ft x 31 ft. by a height of 28 ft 6 in., and attached to it will be the sanctuary, 17 ft. square by a height of 25 ft The third floor will be used as a dormitory, and is to bo 43 ft. x 31 ft by a height of 12 ft. This building will form one wing of the intended structure, and a small portion of the centre is being erected. This will include a spacious staircase, and contain 8t«rerooms, bathroom, ic, and will be 14 ft x 31 ft. x 26 ft high. The roof will be covered with Willunga slate, and the entire cost of the premises completed will be somewhat under £2,C(jO. The architect is Mr. McMullen. and the contractor llr. J. McEnhill. ? 