TOPICS OF THE DAY. Onr nbual rtgnr&e; of Contemporary Opinion will he found in tbo fourth page.) Infibo Assembly this evening, tho debako on the budget' will bo confirmed as Boon as the preliminary business has beea disposed of. As hetft Sir James M'Calloeh and Mr Berey Intend to reply, 1 '8. Hkely that tbo division will be taken at the earliest before to-morrow evening. All public interest in the discnBsion baB long since ceased. It is known that the Government will bavo a substantial majority . Consider able anrdoty is, however, expressed as to the course which the Opposition will pnrsne in carrying ont tho much-talked of stone wall policy. Baton Von Mueller received to-day a tele- .'gram from the Hon. Thomas Elder, stating that news had been received from Galle of the eafe arrival at Perth of Giles' exploring party, after severe travelling. An application was made to-daj , to His Honor Mr Justice Barry, in chambers, by Mr Purves, to rescind a writ of capias granted by Hie Honor to compel Captain Mackenzio. of the barqae Lady of the Lake, to remain in the colony pending the result of an action, Harper v. Mackenzie, in which he is the defendant. The application was made on the grounds that Captain Mac kenzio had no intention to leave Victoria ; that he had resigaed his command of the Lady of the Lake ; and that he purposed to remain and defend the action. His Honor refused to rescind the writ, but ordered further execution of it to bo Btayed. Mr Williams appeared to oppose the applica tion. Mr J. J. Miller was prosecuted at tho Dis'rict Court this morning, for having established alottery, entitled " taking obser vations of Cape Howe." There wero also three other informations against the accused. Particulars will be found in another coIihdd, An old man named George Bisp, was fined 40s, or in default of payment fourteen days' imprisonment, for being drunk while in charge of a horse and dray, by the Colling- wood magistrates this morning, Licenses werjf granted to the Village Belle Hotel, Abbotsford, and tho famous Sir Robert Peel Hotel, Wellington street, Col- liugwood, by the local Licensing Magistrates this morning. The Collingwood Magistrates consigned two individuals named William Redmond and Charles Francis, to durance vile, until such time ns they may think fit to pay np arrears of orders made for tho support 6f their im poverished wives. The Collingwood Police require an owner for a glass sugar basin, four plates, four saucers, one dish, two chimney ornaments, and an old wooden trunk, which were found in the possession of two pickers-up of uncon sidered trifles, named George Clement and John Davis. The prisoners, on being brought before the local court this morning, were re- mantled for a week to enable the police to produce an owner. The Inspector of Nuisances for the town of Collingwood proceeded against an old woman, named Elizabeth Woodcock, at tho local court tbia morning for wilfully deposit ing nighttoil in an open piece of land near Emerald street, on Frieny night last. Tho defendant, with tears in her eyes, admitted tho olfence, and was fined 40s or 14 days im prisonment in default of payment. We have received from the publisher, Hr George Robertson, a copy of Mr Marcus Clnrko's new work, -"'Twixt Shadow and Shine : nn Australian Story of OhriBtmas. Mr Clarko is known widoly as a faeilo ana graceful writer, and in his new s'ory ho Jnljy keeps np his repute. The scene is laid in Western Port Bay, and there aro several welt marked characters, limnod in the nervous epigrammatio sentences which Mr Clarke can write so well. In tho story, Mr Olarko weaves a company of.Molbourno people out for a holiday, into tho life of a qniet flBhing population of seaside with admirable 'art, making the oontrast piquante and telling. The characters of Gipsy George, Harry -my- friend, and Priscilla are well conceived, and stand out clear and deflaite as tall spires against the blue sky of the morning. .We do aot choose to givo tho plot, because w# pzesume all who. hoar of the book will buy it, and learn the secret for themselves. It is published at the low price of a shilling, nnd, so far as tho printer is conccraed, is moBt creditablo. A meating of the Hotham Cnbmen's Cricket Club wos held in the Royal Park on Friday, for prncticc, nnd tbo appointment of captain for the nnnanl match between Ballnrnt and JJpthnm, Mr Joseph Sands _ was elected, which gave general SatisfscGon. The Ballqrat tenm aro in practico nnd eager for tho match to wipe out their last defeat, the only defeat they have sustained for two seasons. The match will be played in Janii- ni-y. The annnal speech-day of Wesley Collcgo took place this afternoon, but too late for us to fnrnish nn account, i'ha report is most satisfactory, and the school promises te con tinue under Mr Andrew, its new head master, tho courso of prosperity whioh has distinguished it under i'rofessor Irving, and raised it to the foremost position. An im portant matter referred to is the health of the boarders, a cause of much solicitude during tho past year to tbo Rev. J. S, Wnugh President of tho'institution, and gratitude is expressed for tho immunity which has been experienced from the epidemics raging around. - Mr Slurt, P.M., requests tho acknow ledgment of the receipt of £2 towards the City Court poor box, from Mr Taylor of the Waterloo Hotel, Chancery Lane. Vnl Vose', MiBS Isabella Carandini, and Mr George Cottercll start for Uipps Land during the week, under engagement to Mr John Smith, for a period of six months. They are to work round thewhole of the WeBtern district nftcr returning from Gipps Land, nnd to join Mr Smith in Sydney at Easter, when he will arrive from New Zealand. He leaves here to-morrow morn ing by the Arawnta, taking with him Mr Willard, Webb's Marionettes, Mdlle. Azclln and Moas. Verletti, gymnasts, Miss Octnvia Lane, and other artistes, Mr Kennedy nets ns agent for the Vnl Vose combination, and Mr Kirby for the New Zealand troupe, A big-boned powerful looking ruffian named James Musgrove was charged at the City Police Court this morning, with brutally illusing his wife, a delicate, frail looking woman, last night. A neighbour named Cooper proved that ho was called to tho Musgroves, house InBt night by the screams of Mrs Musgrove,. who was lying on the floor, whilst the prisoner was standiug over his wife and having hold of her by the hair of her head with which be was dragging her round the room. The fellow whined to the bench to let him off as he had only com mitted himself whilst in drink. Ho was remanded till Monday next. A general meeting of the members of the Lincoln Criokct Club will be held at the Old Lincoln Inn, Cardigan-street, on Tuesday evening, nt 8 .'/clock sharp. December 14th, All members arc requested to be attend. A meeting of the churchmcmbers and con gregation of tho Baptist Church, Brunswiok, was held yesterday evening, the object being the presentation of n testimonial to Mrs Cook ( nee Miss Perter) who, ' in conse quence of her recent marriage, has ceased to occupy the position of harmonist nnd leader of tho choir after a gratuituous nnd moBt satisfactory service of six years. The Rev. Mr Bently, pastor of the chnrcji, pre sided, rind in a "few well chosen oentenoes expressed tho dedp sonso of obligation be and his congregation were under to Mrs Cook, their congratulations on her marriage and best wishes for her and Mr Oook's welfare. Several other mombers of the csn- gregaMon also joined In their congratula tions and the presentation, whioh consisted of u very elegant tea and coffee service, was then made by Mr Benfley and duly acknow ledged by Mr Cook on behalf of the re cipient. Or Sylvester, the Fakir of Oolu, at-lved by the Hero from Sydney, end is to open at St. George's Hall shortly. In Saturday's iBsne tbo following sentence appeared in a 'paragraph about the case against Samuel M'Farl. nd for the main tenance of his son James : — " On seeing her husband in Victoria sbe (Mrs M'Farland) told him that as she had got on so well for nine years without him, sho could doubtless still do without him." This should have read " On seeing her husband in Victoria, he (Mr M'Farland) told her (Mrs M'Farland) that as sbe had got on so well for nine years without him, sho could doubtless Btul do without him." A very successful concert was given in the Oddfellows' Hall, Chareh streel;, Richmond, last evening, by the pnpijs of the Brighton street State School, assisted by a number of lady and gentlemen amateurs, the proceeds being devoted lo the Sonth Richmond Free Library. The chitden, nndefc the coudnetor- ship of the music teacher, Mr A. T. M. Johnson, rendered in a highly cre ditable manner the several pieces allotted to thorn in the programme. Mr R. 8. Ioglis, M.L.A. occupied the chair. The hall was crowded to ox- ecss, The appearance of the children, tho proficiency displayed, and the discipline manifested was highly creditable alike ts parents - and teachers. Two recitations by poplls from tho school, one a boy the other a girl, wero extremely well rendered. ' A cordial vote of thanks to the performors, pro posed by Mr Bosiste M.L.A., and seconded by Councillor Winter was carried with ac clamation. A most important mooting was (writes the Ballarat Courier) held last night at Clunes to consider the political situation, Mr Berry and Major Smith received a very cordial re ception on their arrival by train, and their rcmnrka in the Town Hall at night wero Warmly"! applauded. Tho building was crammed, and a resolution Bnpporting the Opposition in their stone-wall policy was carried with acclamatien. The mayor of tho borough presided, and a resolution was car ried nnonimonsly requesting the representa tives of tho district to support the Opposition to force on a dissolution." The following story of Bensley, an actor of some celebrity in his day (be was a eon- temporary of John Kemble), appears in a recent issue of the Illustrated Sporting and Dramatic News: — Tho spirits who alarmed Bichard III. in his tent were wopt to appear np a trap e» baste. Bensley, having been playing Henry VI., was waiting impatiently to display his upper half as his own ghost; and, having been invited to n sup with some convivial friends after the pcrfoimnnco, had divested himself of hnlf his coBtumo to save time, Presently ho nppenred undei tho stage, his upper man solemnly arrayed in black velvet and bugles, tbo lowor in a tight pnir of smart new nan keen pantnloons,' He placed himself upon the platform, cautioning tho carpenter nt the winch not to raise lnm too high, nnd, tho cne being Riven, un ho went. Close by stood a mischievous low comedian, who bad been laughing nt Bonsley's odd nppcaranco ; and, the spirit of fun being too strong for him, lie iraddenly gave tho winch a few rnpid tarns, ran King Henry up to thq level of tho stago, nnd jerked him forward full into the Bight pf tho nudiuncc. Tho roar of laughter which arose was tremendous. Even the Conscience-smitten, toirificd tyrant in tho tent, nt the sight of tho old Lancastrian monarch in a costume belonging to two such different periods, Bat np and roared with the rest. This story has been told by.sovoral 1 others — by DrDornn, amongst others, and by that prince of practical jokers Thcodo.ro Hook, who, however, tells it not of Bonsloy, but of Jack Johnson. Now that, Christmas is approaching nnd onr country couBins pay their respeots to tho I capital city, it will not bs out of place to warn them to bo wary of tho Company they meet with and ' careful of their poc kets. A man haraod Nathaniel Turner, was stuck np in Ratkdown-slreet, Carlton, at about II o'clock last night, and robbod of two half-sovereigns and somo silver by a couple of rnffians, who accosted him in the: dark and dsmandod tho timo of night. On being told by the victim that ha did not carry a wateh, thoy felled him to tho ground, rifled hii (pockots, add mado off with the plunder. A very pleasing entertnlnmont was glvon in tho Footscray Borough Chambers last night, in aid of the local cricket club, when, notwithstanding the unpropitious state of the weather, the ball was woll filled with an orderly nnd, appreciative audience. Tho concert wtis given by tho well-known Fitz- foy Amateur Minstrels, among which wore jjpticcnblo Messrs Hyam llart nnd tho Hailed Erotbcrsi Tbp former's rendering of the Little Brown Jng was much anjovcfi, | and an encore insisted upon. Altogether a very enjoyablo evening was spent, and n good round sum liandefi over to thp object for which the concert was given. j To-morrow evening a billiard match will j be played at the Cafo Billiard Room, between J Albers, champion of Victoria, oud Brown, j ex-champion of Now Zealand, for tho benefit of the widow nnd children of tho late James Bcahnn. The object is good, the play will be good, nnd thcro ought to be a good attendance. 