/'?,;^;.,;;/'Misqeii^^epiis. ;, ^z,: I ' .. 'Quick D esp ATon.— Tho perfect safety of, the harbor, of Port Leinpriere,' 'and the com-',, pletetiess of tho: arrangements 'for1 conduct-' ing workonthopropertybf the British'arid Tasmaniah CharcbaV Iron,,; Company', were well illustrated.1 on Friday and' Saturday last, 'when' the stearaer'Argyle afriyed fr6iri'Mel-: boiirhe wit-.h'* about 160 ' tons' of fire-bricks,1 flrB- olar: timber: .'Sec'.'.' for the cbmoati v; ' The steamer.en'fere'd West 'Arm 'about 3 o'clock ,on Friday .afternooon.drawihg about fen'feet of water. The state of ;'tideJ at th'e /time would-.not permitof her'goihg atbnce'along ,side the , jetty, . bdt'1 she anchored 'safely in' midstream; In' the.' evening' a Customs officer was put bh'bbard;;at ia.tn. on Saturday;' the tide being at the full,- the steamer was, safely' 'mobredVat' the i1; jetty/ ', At' 7 o'clock her discharge' com ni'enced, and a littleafter 12 o'clock, the; whole'bf her-'cargo was stacked .on the jetty br on tlier works'. The Argyle was enabled to leave .Port; L empriere'by;l o'clock, dnd;to reach Launcestqn wharf l; by 4 -o'clock' 'as' reported in'!' our 'shipping columns'. 'Captain Scott was greatly pleased with the harbor, onfl with the quick despatch ' .given him, and it improbable i the Argyle will become a : pretty -regular trader' to- -the British arid Tasrnanian Charcoal Iron.' iGom pariy's works. ',;.,-y. ?'?/- '?'.!!/? '?' '. /'.'-'{i I -V ','. ?? iMiss Kosb Evans,— T'a.New, Zwlana and, ?California, : the,: news ,ibas( ,reached..uB ; that ''AHB8 Kose i!ivans,ine, ? popular apiroBs,.,uusu_ ?in 'England.-,.. ?????',;ni;j ???-.-., ..tU, - -.i I'.-iiiu-ib ; -\ '/:Th^' 'Departure ;op! Mb. iB'?:'Hi Willis 'prom/ 'TAkMANiAi-iMr.1 ' R.;'H:' vWillis; ? late ? . Collector bf.. Customs at^Eaunceston, andfori 'nearly' twenty-five1''' year's ' cblinected with that department, left the colony by the s.s. .Tamar oh Friday last, en route'^or'New Zealand. Svhere he intends toreside in future. Mr. Willis was' forced to retire from office oii. a/pension, at a period when, from his 'experience, he .was'riior'e'' fiilly.1 competent to .perform' the! duties' of Collector' of Customs than at any time during his: quarter ! of a. .cehtuKy/diE service. No satisfactory, reason Has ever been assigned for thus ; entailing further ' unnecessary' expense; .upon' ' the colony, arid now Mr. Willis leaves in disgust, to. enjoy his pension, and probably obtain employment elsewhere. The'-' commercial-, ?community of Launceston appealed' to the G'bvefnraent against the reinoval of Mr. ' Willis from office, but this )yas treated with ? contempt, the flat had gone 'forthi'.Mr. Wil lis was' shelved,' and Launceston was1 reduced ; to the position of a sub port,1 withthe Col lector of Customs at 'Hobart'Town^1 . The inhabitants of Launceston, sympathising^ /with Mr,' Willis, presented him'with a large arid haindsome albUraj 'containing an address very numerously signed; and beautifully il luminated by/Mr. J; Steer. ? This testimonial, well fitted to hecome ' an heirloom in his ? fa'milyj. was destroyed'when th'e residence of Mr; ;Wriili's;'..pri,' the :; Windmill' Hill,' '.was1 /accideritaily burnt down. In 'consequence! Jof Itliis',',.'tli6 ;gentlemen'' who ?? 'presented' 'the '-testimonial'' ' det'ermiried : ib' 'Offer .' a: duplicate ' of :' the 'album, 'address;: -and: signatures.' ' On Friday 'morning' ! a deputation' headed by Theodore1; Bartlcy,: rJEsq'.', arid the hbri. James AiKenliead,- -Esq.v presented' the testimonial to Mr'Willisat his- pjriyat'e' residence. ;, Mr Bartley' who Tby. request 'officiated as spokesman,' ^miide refer-. ehce/tp th'e long and1 very honorable career 'of Mr iWiliis'as Collector of/Custbins,' and stated'that his(Mr Bartley's) fbriner pfflqial'1 'position 'as Comptroller '.of 'Customs here 'gave. Him 'opportunity to judge of' .mapy !of the i difficulties of tho;position, and: tlis;inter. est ih/tfie'dep^rtrnent naturally led;'Tritn ? to. .notice' how Mr Willis performed ilie 'duties.. The'coriclusiqnt^which he had arriVeaflfter. tliiis reyiewirig thie'twenty.-fiveryears'fqf 'ser , yice.sp f dithf iilly rendlerett oy -ivir vy l.uis was, that a 'more hpnoratiie or .efficierifcr'scrvant : had iiot held 'office uriiJer 'the' 'Goyernmeht. .On behalf of himself, the deputation, arid al 1 ?the'Reritlemeri sigriirijr the'address, he wished, ;MrWilHs-*an''h'appities3. nndliprosperityin his'future career.' ? - Mr VVillis^most feelinglji 'repHedj'and i said -He would ever 'remember the cpnsiderationandsympathy extended'to. him, 'Which5 'had -enabled him 'to-ibear-r up against the trials;he had lately experienced.; The writtenreply^of Mr Willis will be found, 'in'' ou'r'sp'ecial -advertising i column over the, 'le'aderan- this issue. ? ?-? -)r-r '? ?'?? ??*-? !-'--? \ -ji, ^?::.'.-,'i ?;-? aiiS-ii'i: -j.; . .;- '??'.-??'; :;y .?';?.!*?? ?';'.'.! v ?M'lIii'.-AHij'i.Wv Railway.— Tenders will lie freceivedup-.tolthe 24th inst. for , the, follow-,, ing ?-mail Services. :for : the 'ensuing, year,, irr connection -.with' the ; above railway, :r, To -and ; ?frdmiStivLeonards.'.Post-offlce; and OBailway ; ? Stdtipni itwice a .day, and f op ia', car to, riieet , eabhn train and:.r,.p)y,a bQt-ypen.iilthQ-,|same pointsjiicharging-,.4d,' for reacu,- passenger. i From the. Longford: Station, to and from: tjhe^ Longford and Cressy Post-offibesionceidaily'; , lariatolandlfromthe.Biahopsbourne Statioli.' 'andiPbsf-officertwice .daily; /Pulliparticulars', _carn be:obtaine.d'fiom tUemanageri M,rnT\\.. ^ Lbrd. yji'.^a .'-.i;?-;:: ?':.:) v.rt'i :jfrvi:ii ban ? ,. -., Mr [.Faiholodoh at tub MBCirANios' Institdte.— Mr Faircjough, accompanied by, .Mademoiselles Legrand, arrived hero' by the s.s. Tamar on ThurBday.andwill make his first appearance at the Mechanics' Institute; ? this ' evening, Mr Fairclough' is a leading tragedian, and Mademoiselles Eugenie and .Louise Leg rand bring with them European reputations' of their first- class ability. The entertninment this evening will comprise scenes from 'Hamlet' and ' Richard tho Third ;'? by Mr Fnirclough as ' Hamlet1' and'' Duke'- ? of , ? Gloster,' and' by Made moiselle Eugenie as 'Ophelia'' and ' Lady Ariho!;' recitals by Mr Fairclough of ' The Raven,'1 'The Battle vbf Ivry,' and 'Tho :chargp-' of '''the/'. Light' Brigade,' '-'and solos on;,; tlie';' pianoforte-^ 'Valse'de Madah)e '/Amjot ' and 'qtlier. 'favorite 'selections ' by'-.1 Ma3om6isello':' Lpuiso 'Le- griind! ;'; As- the entertainments by 'Mr FairclorigH anil' ; MadBmoisoUes' Eogranil will tie/ofthe'highest 'class .given hero since jthe '.senbs in the. sdm'6hali-by tho lamented 'Montgomery,' they will no dpubfbeattbn'ded by equally'largb, and Intelligent audiences. ' only .' t\yO'' entertdiii'merits Svill be given, to . night' and tb-riiorrbw';';afternoon, as these, artistes 'rthen proceed; to Hbbart Towhi; and will ' conipletethe'seriea' on' their return. Tho! mid-day: performance-' to-morrow: will be.given- specially for the convenience:; of i ?famiiics,' schools,.'- a'rid:- visitors ? from :? 'itho; ?countrydistricts-,.jMr; Fairclough and cbm ;pany ? will's-app'ear:at)Canipboll Town, on 'Monday' evening arid' give ah entertabmont . ? whonenTou/efor HobartTown::: .\\--.r: : -;? ; , -??Tub '^'Val .''Vose -Entertainment.— Tho.! ' great. ventriloquist, ; Yal'Vose,! with Natafor,' thecelebrafed'J' Man 'Fish,'.' 'who ' eatsand ; 'smokes'under ?water, .'arrived! heresfrbrii Mblbbur'ab''buiTl)fsdayj:'and they!-' will: give, their first entertainment !at the Mechanics'.' ' Ins'titute.i. Monday evening.' ::These' won'r ' 'derfuil performers are 'accompanied /by ?-; Mr Me!chior;Winter, a'finc tenor singer, Madame. Annie Lvons, a very pleasing' vocalist, .arid'. Mr' Wi' Saundiprsi' of';the''Royal'Academy of ; music, solo harpist 'and, pianist. 'The ?Pres8 of 'Victoria,' : New' South Wales; i and New, 'Zialand'speak'erithusiastically of the-! won derful' ventriloquial powers displayed. by; ValVose.'- ??-'??'..??'? ?:???.: :w\ . ?.'..'?.?. . ?''? ' 'The SpectatorandMethodist Ciironi olk;'— -Mr -Richard ' Gee, : -Bookseller, of Charles-street; has been- appointed : agent, for ? The ' Spectator and -Methodist -Chronicle, published in''Mel!iournej: and will- receive name's' 'of ' intending subscribers. W,e ? have ? ' received ' : : the ? first ? . number ? of this- weekly- '': 'paper. ?' The' ' Wesleyan character' of -the journal' is indicated in its 'title, and secured1- by -a Wesleyan/ ministor being its responsible editor ; but it isdesigned-to be cuiinenUy Catholic in its tone, and will place. Christianity above mere denominatiohalism.' 'The - General Confer-.' ence meets on the 12th instant,' and' reports of the proceedings will appear in The Spec ?/a-or, which has been launched not. so much With any view to proflt,'ii8 ??'?to promote the highest interests of the community!^' ? '? ??''' ???' 'The 'FRBBi:PBKsnvTERTAN'is the title of a magazine ?' for ? tho .defence of 'Bible truth and the advocacy of Free Presbyterian Church, principles,'', whichchas just made its' ; appearance; in. Adelaide under the direction' of a committee of;the, Presbytery,; of the Free Presbyterian .Church of South Austra lia,,and is to 'be continued. monthly. -No. 1 contains a varietyof interesting.papers;anil : reports, npon. Presbyterian matters, ; .among ?other8vthe following,:'— 'A ; threefold ques Ition thrice answered.Vii'.'jThe Sabbath School .teacher's; clossi' ..'^Education/?; ' Pessimism; ?in ethics,'? '.'..The -Birth -of .the. ?Establish'- 'ments,'? ''?Free Presbyterian, Church Eccle siastical Record;'!. &c;, &c.;,&c;, The opening article, is headed ':Our,, Denominational Struggle,' and relates'- the^history of , the Free Presbyterian .-. Church of . : South Australia. .- from ; -.the. -. time -of- the passing of .the .Fundamental . Act/in 1854. Thp trnnblfi.t. of -the Church Presbvterv are related, and many .of. the scenes described ? are. very, similar to ^sonie: not ; long since' 'enacted in: Tasmania, ; one of ; the -lending' actors .having also figurcd;on our; boards. The history.., is to.he. continued ;until,conT. cludedi; .. .,.. '? . ? ?-.--. -. ;,?: ' : '?' . . ? ..' :,- ' Illustrated Tasmanian News.'— The May. number .of the Illustrated. Tasmanian -.Nfitn.ja now ready,. and persons, desirous of sending copies-to their(friends abroad should transmit their orders to .this office, without .delay, as the; Euglish. mail'.closes at 6 p.m. this evening.-r .Then present, number is an, excellent, 'one.;; for. transmission , to friends- in the old country, as in, addition tor the. usual carefully, compiled summary, of the month's news and numerous, illustrations of colonial life:and scenery, it contains.tw.overy fine Tasmanian views, viz., the ,Castray Esplanade, Hobart Town.iandi a view) of Sahtly.Bay, near HobartTown. :. :..?'.;?:?. '; ?:-.'? Scottish Art Union. ...iWe have received; from Mr. A.. W. Birchaliatprospectus :for the: current year , of, the Royal -? Association for thei.promotionirOf tho.fine arts;-in Scot- ' land.:./ Each, subscriber .will have a chance of . ?obtaining. a valuable.,«work of art,, at the annual general, distribution, in July .1875, and.in; addition will ireceive six. beautiful .engravings,- after, -original, designs,, in illus-' tration of . Sir ,i Walter Scott's f /Bride of ! Lammermoor.handsomely bound ina volume. ,It is also': intended to.ipresent a bonus work for the ? year 187.8 to all.'., subscribers -who ' have contributed between, the years. 1874 and ,-1878;tho sum of five giiineas in on'e.or-.more payments. According' to advertisement the list fpr.tho cnrrenl; ynar will close on- Satur-' .'day.'.lSthiristant.::;;;1. .'.'./., V' ',,' ' '..,.'''',,, ?'.' CbNOREOATioNAL Cnubcii.^Thc Rev; J.' W. Simmons', , will .'.'- preach in.. ' Prince's Square Corieregational Church .on : Sunday morning, and' evening.' . ' .'. (,'. ; ' ? Entertain jiknt at . Longfoud.-— The; Excelsior Dramatic and- Qymnastic Society; ?will give a.vaned entertainment at ,the Long-' ford, Assembly Room' on '. Monday evening next, 'consisting '.'of 'a lauglmble fnrce,' songs arid dances, a'nd feats bri'the' horizontal bar',; arid '-. sing] e arid double , trapezci. ,; The, Long-' fbrd.Band /will.be iri' attendance.-''' ;' .' ; ;' C. Crown,: Land , SALEs.-r/jThe -, Deputy Commissioner; of. . Crown . Lands. nptifios that sales of- Crown .Land will be held at. Hobart Town and Launceston ;on.'Tuesddyl;tlie;29th1 lof June next. This seems an -uqwi^c .arrange;.; ; ment, as certain purchasers might be, desirous, of attending.both.sales.,, ;-. ... '{\\.:\ ;',',. '.'.., /,. .;; SUNDAT APTKUNOONLEOTDRE-r-TllEATUR ;RoYALi^-Alhough ?-. the; .-.Rev.,,, J.. iVjrilkes' iSiifanibns; will, preach- at Prince's .Squaro' ?iCongrcgational, Church on; Siinday,., he- wijl deliyerhi? promisqd lecture (at,the.. Theatre. .Royal at»:3,- o'clocki.in- thej.afternobix.;. ;. His Worship the. Mayor. ,wiUrpr(-s,ide. ,,, Persons :whp db,,not;Usuallyiatte.ud places of/, worship ?arc spebialiy. inv'iteclvhy,th.e lecturer, but .that' .' BhouVd '. not proven^. ;.',rogiv,la^' attendants ; at' places of'woral\iV- frbin',;b'eirig presentat th,e' delivery of the ledtrire— the subject of which1 ia ' Home, Sweet Home,** ? '? ' ? ? ' ? . THE.ff.SoAB in Sheep PBEyBKwoNAoTi , t^A. proprietor ;of extensive runs, and 'flock in one of the midland districts requests : u to' rofer to the Australasian 'of the^'sf.in stant,, under the. head of 'Town arid' Mis- cellaneous News,' where ho says it is stahid that ' Scab has again appeared iri soveral 'of the clean sheep districts in this colony.'. As he had not previously heard this alarming news, our correspondent asks.' for somo further information on tho subject. .The paragraph he soems to refer to is as follows : — 'From ? somo-- inexplicable. r .cause.?: j tho Launceston Examiner says,- - ' '?***? ir'_'J./,' : denly 'mado.' its appearance'1. Iti,. *#*;?- northorn districts of Tasmania,: .Thoaiseaso has -broken out in tho .different localitio simultaneously,, and although ? its .origin :is is at present a mystery it is.doubtlcss;owirig ,to infected sheep having either, been driven or strayed into ,cleari. flocks.', 'B reaches of ;the VScab Provontibri' Act'''aro'nbt'a9 fre .qiient; as.:] .formerly, 'arid some .districts havef been '..declared ;by/ the Chief '.In .sp'uctprJvperfe'ctly clean .' arid ', free ,\ from .disease..,'. Wo, are not aware and. do,' not believe, that ariy.'sheep. district for'mally.'de ;clared by.jtho ,,Chief 'Inspe'ctbr,:',clcau'^has since becp'riip infected., 'E\\\e Daily Telegraph has been misled^'and in its issue'p'f ;th,o. 24th April reniarks that ' scab has again appeared in 'several of the clean sheep districts,^ and ,tho | Leader., of the.; 1st instant, repeats 'the .assertion. Those. statements .were made'by tHe ' Tasmanian correspondents , of ' thoso papers. .. ''''' '''' '? ?? ':' _'?'? : The Australian Journal.— Wo, /have receivsd : from Messrs : Wa'oh ., Brothers and BirchalMhe May number of the - Australian Journal. ^The leading tale in this is 'The Bellb'oE the Snowy River.' Tbia- isifollowed ?by..'? John Falconer's. Courtship;'! ,' Memoirs 'of a Thief,' '.'The Puddlcr's.Show,','..'!,Won and. Lost;' 'David Simpson's Plot,',. 'My Friend D'Aroy,' ' The College Ghost,1' with numerous other. pieces, anecdotes, receipts, . poe try;, &c.; ri/,. ;, ? .-: ..; ':.;- ,; n ,, ; ?BRITI8ir AND ^TaSMANIAN (/nARCOAL IRON ? Cojipanv.— The erection bf the large* urriace, ? engine and works of the above' company- ' at Port -Lempriero is 'progressing very'Satis factorily.V The concrete and'stono founda tions are now iri, and nearly level with' the surface. The'engind seat is 'rapidly rising, and the three largo boilers aro being, got into position ; ? A steam mill is hard- at work preparing tho requisite mortar for- -building purposes. A staffof brick milkers. are1 -pro- ducing' bricks of excellent .: quality, ;and altogether the township of Lempriero- pre sents a very busy aspect: -Tlie works' of this company will probably be about the; most extensive of any mechanical' appliances in '.the' 'polonies, and when complete will cortainly rank among; the lions' of Tasmania; ? ? ?? ?- . The QoEEN'sBiRTnoAy. — Last yeaif the anniversary; of the. Queen's ,Birlhday'f ell ?upon a Sunday, and. the celebration' ,of , it .was postponed until Wodnesday,;the ,27th May. This year the 24th of May, a greater 'day to Britons the wbrtld!ov'er than the 4tK of July to .bur Ajnericari 'cousin's) falls' upo.ri'Mbnday, and it will thereforo; he 'unnecessaiy' to postpone.,' the : festivities., usual ' oii/'fThe Queen's Birthday.' Captain ::IIarrap, obm manding[the L'aunceston Artilleryi will', make arrangements for firing a royal salute at'nbon from the Windmill Hill; Thp( services' of the fine brass band of St Joseph's; may be 'de fended on tbhead the gundetachmentsbnthe march to the Windmill Hill and bnck to the yblurite'er Buildin'e's! The Sfr '.Joseph's Band will perform a choice' selection of miisio in .tHe'Publi.c .Gardens:auring tKe remairi'dor of the [j afternoon. ' In '', the , e'venln'g. jth'e!'Fire Brigades will 'form' n' 'torch' light' procession . headed by the Rifle Band, and march'thrbugh the leading streets to the Public Gardens, wherRa variety of amusements will be 'pro vided for the million. ?'? Mr Faircloooh.— In -last issue; we an ?riounccd that Mr B.' Fairclough, a tragedian ofcoriiderable' eminence, was 'about: tOiVisit ;LaVincestori; where he'- proposes giving a course1 -of histrionic readings.: Ouradver tising columns inforiried us that this gentle man' would appear. for the first tirae'jat.tho Mechanics' : Institute; this.' evening, butfwe rioSv learn that owing to the illness of one of '-'the1 ladies who ?' will ; ac'compnny : him; his ?first' appearance : is mnavoidably ? delayed until ? Friday /hext.~ Mr Faircloughjj.is a gen tlenrian Of Considerable European fame, and in the colonies also he has won golden opinions, especially for his ? careful iand correct1 representation of ?- leading - Shakes pearian parts.; We have before.us a volumn ' bf criticisms from London newspapers, -all bearing the highest- testimony to Mr Fair clbugh's ability;; We* may- select, one of these ''opinions which is certain ,.to . meet general' acceptation. The London Times ?of 5th December, '1868, ' says^-' There is much to praise in Mr Fairclough's perfor mance,' Syhich was'at once I intellectual, and efteetive. ' His face' is bright and telling, his figure light arid active,! and his action easy and graceful. Wedo not' know. where to find' as good an ' Iago' ajuong tho English actors.' ' Mr.' Fairclough is- to -be) assisted in'tlie literary part of his entertninment) by Mademoiselle, Eugenie Le Grand, an actress who has appeared with him in the colonies, and':thc musical portion1 of the entertain ment will be ; supplied' by i Madambiselle Louise'Le Grand,, a piainist and ' vocalist of considerable ability.. We shall be glad to see Mr 'Fairclqugh's performances wellat tended. ';'.'. ;;' ;-'''. : ' '?'? ???'^???; ' The Cape' Finisterre.' — ? The1' barque Capo: Finisterre was cleared out' at- the Ousiipms on Friday, 'for Newca'stley New South. , Wales, andin.the, afternoon1 . ,the steam ;tug Td.riiar proceeded to'.West.Armfortl'.e pur tpbse bf towing hpr'^tb sea.'.'The tug moored alongside'the.barque for the ' night, and on -.Saturday at,' full tidfe'. towed her frbnv her arichprage to, Bryant's' Bay, where she had again to be moored, three' of the crew having deserted during the. night. The Captain returned', to tbwri to/ take' ?step's;'fbr r the recovery of .these. inen', and the ; departure of tlie vessel. inay.Vbe 'delayed a'day or two in 'consequence,.;,.- ;.,: ' ',','.',', |'- (t '''?., ',' ' ' .Waratah TrN Mining.. GompANiY.-j— ^ery -'satisfactory news- has been received1. from:. the 'Warntah-.' Tin i Mihins?. .Company's claim 'at Mount JtJischofE. -?? Mr Eddy.ivritinguBder date : 4th instant;! says ?' that/.Kthe lode is :6periingqut nicely in tho tvihnel.h:-.Itis-now three feet1 thick,' 'contoining .rioh; ;tin; all tHrOUgh it.'-' ???-!.' I':::': I' -.'../; '.: hUn ;; t ' .^ The s.s.' ProNEER.-i— Notice' is 'gtvenj that ? the Pioneer will be laid 'up' about the-eri'd of May' for her annual bveHiau!;;whiclK-wiU take about three weeks, and also 'that a sppcial meeting.of shareholders of the jL. and ?N;W.0.S;N. Co. .will-beiheld nt,;tlie.,, Me chanics' ilnstitutp--. on 'the ^Sthi'inst.,|fqr the pui-pose of autho'rising:the(dire,ctprs. to make arrangemon'ts .for purchasing.p^.jijiuil^pg ft new steamship. .! j.'Jtok; vf in-/, s^';;j r-jttiout^ past 8 o'clock \PJl SupdR- ersning utb6flre»lM«l»U;io W;elJiBgtoa-.(i.tre?t W ' spift in jnotion: very »noece8$«»ily, 1 v^o -. rtteh'&tuie; giv«n w«9 the. RPPWfftW ,P* «f* 'in' tfie back portion of ft ifrooden. cottage iicm the Queen's Head Hotel, WfiUingtwwtwttt. Constable McQueen* assisted by » i awghbor, owocawa fl. bucket of Wetewrtijch sufficed to extinguish the fire. Th* tenant .fit the ? premiecs was »bidnt and in the w*t«bbQUP9 ; charged with drunkenness. ?'r/,&dRTi;»o.T-A correspondent ?afWWpbp 'infoWB us that priffip.9Othtalt;.a.m!tt-!h took ' Sace on' thP Sfierwdod cburso,' between Mr ??iO^^V^PS»7bii!'l^fc'fllteI'-lS1* ' 'Mr j, XJreen'B Rope, carrying 9st Mbs,- for 'XrOa .'side, distance two njHcf, Kocket was 'HdWby MrG.Munro and RosobyMrJ. ' Metealfe. Prevjous'tb the , race the betting , was %io 1 Mglnst Rocket, but when Mr I. 1 :!H7Mence,wbP acted, as st^rtpr, dropped thp tka Rocket jumped away with the le^q, close MTbvred by Rose. TbVordpr was main-1 !*aJrie4'jEir th^rs^mUe.^ijdthenltoBe tirief] ' Jnarift'p iteapbber opponent, frjitin. va'ny and 'Hocket eyj&tually; came in a winner by about six' length's, tiard held.' Bunda* Afternoon Lecture at Tap TBEXfeiE RoTAt.— It -will b« seen by ''Advertisement In' another column that a ^Ifecture is to be delivered ot the Theatre : l!!ftSy»l on Siuiday afternoon next by the 1 'Rev. ff. Wilkes Simmons, of Union Congre gational Church, Hobart Town, ^ ' Jhose'n being' Home, Sweet Home.' Mr !$immbrisN fame as a Sunday afternoon 1 i ' lecturer is well-lmowu to all readers of Tas r manian newspapers. Tor years past ho has been in the habit of delivering popular ? lectures upon fa.mi}iar subjects, pn, Sunday1 .afternoons, pitber Jn the ttobajtTpwn ; Theatre or the Town Hal), , and he has ..SaVarisbly. succeeded in attracting and iitfelightiBglargp audienpes, repreja-nting all ?;!cl8Hfl9B of the community. Me S,unmons ?^frei^esbimselfmorr particularly to those. hwbpdo p,ot ,»suftlly attend places of wpr -' ( ?bip, opij the pxperjenpe pf thofle g«i?tle.nien ' ? *ho , haye interested , themselves jn hf s V ^orta, is that the Sunday aftfirnoonlflcturos ;i-hayebeen productive of a great -WW* or good. Jjlany upon wh.qm the host *pr.mon ,,:cy.er deliViered would faij to, make the. ; , slightest impressjop, bayo bqen led to think : o£wrtou3,thJngs when placed before them ?,ini»i familiar, dressing, Jfr Simmqns h^s numbered amongst bin Hpbari; Town; chair men most of our leading public men, and we i ' are' glad tp see thajt His, Worship the Mayor ''' Ufa preside a.ttne lecture on Sunday next. ri TiielSdmissioh being free there can be little V -'''dojobt of a large attendance. t'',.!r'£^:iivmxKATKP. Tabmaniaij $iyy$.T 'rTfte May,,riu'niber of this popular monthly , VMusi?atj^p»perIwaspupl;shed on Thursday, , and as'usual it will epntairi a, full summary ,',pf tfe. general news, of tbp colony for the iBSs't, moptb, witft ' Hpme Letter' for . .fJHpnw', Senders,' The first illustration *hpws the mode of .'V Landing Chinese at Cpoktpwn, fttteenslan^.' In the offing a i^tfiamer' from ^ .Chinese port is at anchor, ? ,' but 'witf1 steam up, (inii fpur of the sh'ip's boats are engaged in Ijinding the unfortunate n MM^igers. This is effected in a very sura ?, i' mary nianper. Twp of the bof-t§ hayiijg ,\\.:puji©dMi SO.clpse to'the bench as togrouad,, ?'-,. iith? officers', jjy ^^ chsirge ppmpel the Cbinese jto '., tumpleoyebt'pard jfltp the surf.andmake their ' 'iyay with, 'their luggage to dry land, in tho best way' they can, Expostulations are cut short by forcible ejection, and the damp passengers, in a strange land, have to takq v euch plunder as they can lay hold pf and carry, settling, the ownership, aftenvardo ac7 cording to Chinese laws, which may be quita as ' different- from justice as the British :i code; Jf first impressipns arg of importance, i.the Chinese, landed at Cpokboivn wijl no . . i doubt, be convinced that they have really ? fallen into 'the hands of . the barbarians.' ? iThe nextiflayiewof the ' Casfray Esplanade, 'Hobarfc. iTwn,' apd this ntunber pontains ?eriother welKknown local spene—ra very picT turesnue yiew of 'Sandy Bay, Hobart ' 'Town/' A view of 'The first eight oared race in Australia' is a most :? interesting and exciting scene — : one ?which will stow the student? at Oxf pr4 and i Cambridge that their Australian cpuBJng are :? worthy of the country from which thpy sprung. The centre pages are token up with a view of ' The Centennial P,xb)Wtipn Buildings at Philadelphia — The Main Ball; Thei Art Gallery,' 'Mr, Putwain the'professional diver iu the wreck of the ''Gothenburg/' and a: yiew of the great meteor i'seenon the Hth April, 'A Hurricane in ? :iPiji,'-^e. terrible, picture,^' The camp of -rthe German Transit- Expedition, Auckland fehwds,' and a portrait Pf the late Hon. Wilson Gray, distriqt judge of Otogo, N.Z., ? Complete the illustrations in this very ex cellent nnmber of the Tmmanian News. Orders for copies intended fpr transmission w the outgoing rasil should be forwarded to thepobh*Bherfatthi5offlcefas sopn as pos sible, the mail closing at 6 p.m, on Saturday, The Minister of IiANps.—The hon. W, . Moore, Minister of J*uds and Wprks '' ' ; ' arrived here from Hobart Town on Tuesday morning, and left by the evening train for P^loraine, «n routt, tor his residence at Table Cape, : Cppbt O? ^Ai»#:B;'??TCY.--Monday was fixed for the publiQ examination of peter Smith, of Eyandale, licenced Victualler, before His Honor Mr Commissioner White foprd, but as the accounts had not been filed jn accordance with the act, the statutory declaration, thelfiwt step in the examination, cpuld not be made and it was adjourned for '^nother CmuKW Benedict.— On Thurs ' ' ? .'.' day the Rev. E, W- Nye, at theWeslejan . Gburcht Batterspn-street, 'united in the ' bonds of holy matrimony' Miss Jemima Cox . and Mr Ah Hung. The bride, bridegroom, and entire wedding party, arrived all in one ? cab, and so departed, without any exhibition , of -wasteful expenditure upon mere outward show. The bride is a native of Tasmania, aged about twenty five years, until now ? resident with her parents on tho Cataract Hill i and the happy Celestial, Mr Ah Hung, is a middle aged man who obtains a livelihood ' v : somehow, but as the trades, or prof qssions of 'the Chinese in this colony are difficult to .comprehend, we are not in apositionto say . how. PraEON SnooxiKOi— A pigeon shooting match is announced to coma off atthe Ross Hoteh Boss, to-day, Saturday, when aeveriilsweepstakes'aridafirsft. rate pigeon, 'Sunwlll be competed; for. Plenty of good, ? bitds will be provided. ? ')!»i!*dJliiN*1'To**r ^toiu^Petiae^^orl W'«*tt*K«»li-*;«')a»wh' Hfttf- wja'^ljc1 ikti&J;, ritWotaaW *UJ;,be ? *ebW«^';*||,^ '^n^'jbc'^h'iJDfify.'f'; ' ; ;'''???' './', '/'.'?, ? /«»y,»*th.lp8^, *»-$m mteft, ;!wm bo .heW*fc^WSte»3^r^fpUpwimj^v/Mjts,:rr 1st, a«wepp-of IPs.Wh,! ^id^fpr n % y?: Greeper BW- r^for^c&ise.wt.and; hdrp€B») »nd«hjfora&t;;bullpp|c. A(n»m bpr.pt pnrwpsjfJH ajw.be ^botf qr. ? , ... , Tub Fasioipt HKBAtp.—Through Mpners Gordon and Gotcji, Mclbonrnp, we havo Tqceired » eppy P« t}w March number of the Family Herali, npw reduced in price to isijcpenco. Jfj.our, ad.vertJsinB columns wjll be found extract, from leadipg English journals in: reference tp this excellent perio4v?a,!, ana we can confirm every word of eulogy t!w*e r«cp,r4Qd. The JJfrald contains thoughtful mi ? VflH written Articles and qsaays upon subjects of Jpfcerest ; pxeepd ingly (CPtprtsinlng stprlcs ; « ^uparior plass pf corrcspoajence. ; pmch yaluapjie sciepfinc ondstat-st|pal inf prmatJpn, beMdes»prpf usjon of poetry, family mait^re, recipes, »c, «pc;, if p. It is » Magazine well adapted for Iwusehold instn»-?t»pn apd en^ertainrtpnt, bqing intfirostipg tP »H ondownsiye to none. Nkw Pdomoatiow, GovEitaiMBNX P«wr iHO'OFnoBi.^-We have receiveij a pamphlet entitled' Bstea of Postage, upon letters, Packets, and Newspapers posted in Tas maniai' Thte brochure »P announoed as issueid Under the authority of the Postmaster-. General, and beare- the imprint ot 'Japes Barnard, Qorernment Printer,. Tasmania.'1 The pamphlet is, very neatly printed, but we cannot understand why tho Postmaster should; have bad it published, as «H the information it contains is published in Waleh's flpoji Almanac and other almanacs. The real ; object in view, i giving employpiiBnt . to the Gorcrnment printing staff during the dull season, might as woE have been stated openly. . Ijnidy Telegraph Operator? in yictorla.^ For tha benefit 4i yonng Jadies who contflns plute qualifying themselves for the position of telegr»ph operators, with ft view tp'pbtajn employment under Govemro^nt, we {Daily Telegraph) publish the following.iflforiWtion at.the request of the bop. the Ppstmaster Gpnernl. At present there we no leB? than 6ixty-tw- applicants o» the books, all of who/n hare passed the necessary ejatnina tion, and are eligible for ;employment, but their chftneo pf obtaining employment is \- necessarily remote, owing tp the inf rcquency with which vacancies occur. There are »Uo 200 xnpre young ladies whose names appear qi) the class: lists (it the TephnQlogical Museum as students in telegraphy, and ' whose chance of ever obtaining employment is eyen more remote than that of those first mentioned, Resides thes,g;;there f» a class in operation in Ballarat, and another 13. about to, be formed at Sandhurst so that the supply of lady telegraphists is likely for some time .to come to bo much greater tbnp. the demand, and many who think they bare oply to pass their examination? jn order Ut pbtain almojst; immediate employment ?? are dPQtned tp be disappointed. : The Election tor Tipperary— On the 26|Jh February Mr J. Martin brought under notice in the-HousG of Commons the prosecution pf Mr John Mitchel for treason-felony in 1848, representing that a new offence had been created on purpose to bring him within the purview of the law, and 'that the jury, by whom he had been convicted was packed for the purpose. Having referred to the famine and tho discontent that ' prevailed in the country as the justification for the crisis thpfc culminated in the conviction of Mitchel, Mr Martin commented upon the fact that Home Rule had been established in Canada and Australia without disturbing the relations between those colonies and the mother country, and he argued that, as it was of. the first importance that the United Kingdom should exhibit an unbroken front in the event of a European war, it was essential that Ireland' should remain a faithful and loyal friend, The Irish did not want separation, but they would never be satisfied until they were allowed to conduct their own affairs. In conclusion, he moved for a copy of the panel and of the names of the jurors who had tried Mr 'Mitchol. Mr G. Bewis- re- pudiated, on the part of his constituency tad the people of- Ulster, the idea that they wished to be brought to the level of Canada or Australia j and Mr Newdegate denied that England was in any way respon sible for the famine in Ireland, and said that there was quite as much discontent in the country when she had a native Parliament as had ever existed since. The Solicitor General for Ireland declined to produce the papers, because no good purpose could be effected thereby, more especially as the whole subject had boon inquired into, and it had been shown that the accusation of jury packing brought ngaiat the Irish Govern ment was wholly without foundation. ? Mr Sullivan referred to the circumstance that Mr Mitchel was a constituent of Mr C. Lewis, and warned the House not to put its con fidence in Londonderry. Mx P. Smyth rindicated the conduct of Mr Mitchel in making hia escape1 from Tasmania; and denied that he bad violated his parole of honor. Mr Smyth added that'* the work' (escape) had bfceh 'cleanly dPne,'' and he once more frankly avowed that he had helped to effect it, and that he was prepared to take' too entire repbusibility of it. The motion ' was withdrawn. Amalgamation of Offices.— A very tore arrangement pf religious, 'legal, and; publican elements exist at Wilcannia,' which is thus stated by the correspondent of the Central Australian :—' Divine service is conducted on Sundays in the large room of an hotel, and the same room is also used for a Police Court, and is only divided^rom the bar by a thin brick wall, so that a noisjr drinker can be beard ' Wowing' how many sheep he has shorn or cpuld shear, ^nxl how hjs horse, the finest eyer ridden, could have licked The Barb— only forbut; and the nplseof the inebri ate can sonjetimes be heard issuing from the bar whilst prayers are being offered. Thus, without speaking disrespectfully, an effort 1b being made to save the souls of men (and of women too- I suppose) in one room, while in the room adjoining men are doipg all they can, or what nine-year-old whisky can do to kill their own. Tho same incon sistency is observable on Court-days. I have seen a man tried and fined for being drunk and disorderly, while others in the next room, by their inebriate bawling, maliciously called siniring, were fast preparing them selves for a timely interview with the pre siding ' beak,' perhaps the next day.' The other day a Binghampton girl offered toilet a countryman kiss her for five cents, 'I gad,' exclaimed the' bucolic youth, » that's daria cheap if a feller only had the m'ehey.'1' ,.';,,_ ; . . :. ''.. 'V,./.-'.\,-'', . :' i , i' ' ' Retara »I the numbej ptpersoM, relieved, aurftg'the wdeic^enflni im J2th,l6t5 ,i» saW&jWwomwi.l;^cbiweni ' ; ''i'AKOTOBW Case !op CortflBAir 4t*ri PfiWUWTrAt fW: gollineyirpod; P9Jip4 Court on 4th inst. (says tho (7i-J/ iVftos) bet fore Mr Terapleton;' P: M.^ »ttd Messrs; Walker; (niay^r), Wfltfoy,; And , , Maradpni .Ts*.p/; Harriet -Vttjng, junior,, wcr? charged Wltb.wilfulTndWrruptperjurj1: The case ?of the younger defendant wa« taken' flrstj TheBlteRed perjury consisted in the ? flefenr danthayfog sworn at the Supreme Court, o« the i6th March, that a man named FrancU Sperrin had attempted to criminally assault her, lie, was convicted on the charge, and sentenced by Judge Fellows to ten years' imprisonment, and to ' be1 twice privately whipped with a 'cat-o'-nmc tails. Mr M'ICe«j;opppftred to pcoscQUtc. In opening the cflse, he said the pharge was one pf the most singular which had ever come before » courtof justice in the colony. Ho would shpwth^t a cpnspirftcy, of the grossest character had been formed by some of th? members of a family against others, allied to thpm by marriage, i»pd he had resolved to devote all. his -en?rgj--s: to bringing, the guilty parties to juitice, even although, all other resources falling him, he were obliged to bring the matter by petition be.forp Queen Victoria- He wpuH have placed the wholp family in the dock, only he did not wteh it to bo said' that he had' tried to ' so'al th«ir ? mouths. It might ?cem strange , j&»fc -hg should be there to prosecute a little clilia like the defendant, but he woiild' remind thp court that it was almost solely ' ppon her evidence that Sperrin was convicted and sent- to prison. He then . narrated flip circumstances of the alleged assault, as told , by the child, and commented stroijgly ;upop tho fact that two days after it was said to have beeffcdmmittea,'8he was running about in health and strength. The learned gentle man was proceeding to call his witnesses as to the evidence in the. Supreme Court, when , the bench interrupted him by asking, if h,e had the Judge's nptes of, evidence. Mr M'Kwn.said they wijre private property,, . ana.riqould not be produced^ ., A ?P.JWM.ssfop then,en?jjed 'as to what wasthp best'eyjiden^e to prpejuce of the proceedings in the gupren^o Cottrt, and t|ip case was ultimately adjoi^rnqdj fpr, p, week, to allow Mr M'Bfean to bring forward fhe best evidence;. The two do fen'dwts.werpftllqwed'bajl ' Jn *25 tacb.; iThiBCRspmaybestpmge enpwgh, butus it as oxtrpordipary m the corispf racy against ' Sir John M*ync ? Ep. GC-1 ; ' a w ? » Cuttings frpro Punch.— Major ODpagpr (pf the ScaJUoiishire Rifles) : ' Well, what hare you gpt to say for yi»urs;e-jE ?' Pu)l Corppral Fnrrejl (a prisoner'— late for tattoo); »' Wei}, npw, yer honor, I'll just: tell the whole trnf . I took to playing cyaras dbo|it half past npine last night, an' lost aj.l t had; aia'-be jfibers, I should stay till I Wpp, it all bacj?, an' that wasn't tijl fower p'cloek this mprnin'-rr^' The Mpjpr (an iuveteratP , lqo . player, who had left off his own ljlttje game precijply at the same hour-ryery hastily) ., « A4mpnish'd,admoni?h'd 1' Sergeant ; 'Loft turriil q^Qok 'arrchlTr-John Thomas (Writing to his sweetheart) : ' Do ypu happen to know if there's puph a thing ai ; a 'k' in Lancashire, Mr Ruggles?' MrRugglqs: ?' Of course thpre.is.' John Thomas : ?' Ah \\. so I thought. Rut I-didn't exactly know Whereibdutsto put it:' (Mr Rugffles volujn-r teers no- further. information.)— -A stmngp, character with amostunaccountabletaste'hjas,, been hqforeonQ of thePqljce.CpurfP;. It wji»,. givcninevidehcp;th^t)ie'w.eh.t,jntoabpershop, topkupanpwspiip'er,,»nd.,»te. the.wholq pf it.' Wo have often beard of persons 'de- vouring' books, and 'devouring' the news, putthismust be th« first iqstancepf a man having so depraypdftn appetite as to deyojir the newspaper. It, should bp, added, thtvt he was drunk: when he did it. Perhaps he had disagreed with the paper ; if sp, the paper would probably in Us ijBrn disagre? wi.th hiw.-r-Sweet »nfl Sjlyery Title f6r a City Love-Soncr; :: ' Emma Mine : Emma. Mine!' -^Motto tor M»rrie- iMen (in certajp sarage districts): ' Here we are, all »Uvq and kjckr ing!'A Family Li.keness— Seen? ?. the Horsp Guards, back, sptrapep, Seijtry : ' Can't come in here, Sir. Isn't your name ' Pur chase?' Mysterious Stranger : ' O, dear, no, My njime'u ' Exchangp'— np relation whatever 1' Sentry : ' Hm ! uncommonly like him, anyhow '?' A Careful GirJr-'We witinessod a rather funny scene yesterday afternoon, says the Express, in the ^ yipinity of the Exposition1 Bunlding. A blooming qountry damsel, dressed ;n the height of fasftipn, came trip ping along jn company with her beau, an^ While prpBSfijg. a Street; turned suddenly around to look at a. passing object, just as the tip of her daipty ghpe rppted on thecurbT stone of, X]xe gutter. As she threw the woight of her bodp on the insufilcient fopt hold, her toe slipped and plunjpi into the dirt went her little fop,t, and splash over her stockings and ganneitys went the mud. Her gallant speedily helped her on to_ the side walk, where she presented a pitiable ap pearance, and then endeavouring to free her from her sudden acquisition of sojl with bis hankerchief . ' It'R po.usp, Charley,' sobbed the rural b,eauty, 'it won't come clean .5. andrrr-and-r-iny st-^todkings are, ruinefl.' Never mind the stockings,' cppsolingly re sponded the. swain s,' J can buy you a npw, pair.' ' Buy me a new pa{r ; where woiild I p»t thetn on ?'.sa'id she, 'Why we can orotot^e hotel, |or. tbftt matter,' replied Charley. ' Never, 1'. almost .screamed, the frightened girj. '; '^dsponer jump into the rjver than go to a, hotpj with anjan that I'm flot married .to.' Cbarjey seemed cpn s.pipnqe-8tricV:eiJ w the enormity pf the offence flashed uppnhtew?n4t. and when last we saw the pair^hey were m quest of a clean pair of hose anp a proper place tp put them or, . The Governor.ofEiji.-T-A deputation front the Committee of the Aborigines' Protection Society waited upon Sir Arthur Gordoni the Governor of Kji, on March 17. and printed him with an address previous to his de parture for the now dependency. Sir Arthur, in returning thanks, expressed a hope that, in the exercise of the large powers with which it was, he believed, intended to entrust him as Her Majesty's High Commissioner in Western Polynesia, he might be enabled materially to cheek,if not wholly to suppress, those aots of piratical violence which had excited such just and general reprobation throughout the civilised world. Subse quently His Excellency reeej ved a deputa tion from the Wesloyan Missionary Society; who hod full confidence that, under his , administration the hopeful tendencies of the last forty years would be encouraged and stimulated. A divorce case has been instituted by a Chicago wife .who- complains that her. hu»- ; band insists npon arinfcing cheap whw ^ey and eating raw onions just before bedtime. ImportA'tiiSn b^f dreyh4'uh^s.^The Arg»\ says ;-*# Jly -tOJP.».M.S.S. Golconda, Mr Ef pe))octipa . ipf Ajghly-hred greyhounds. -The ffi^ '-} P*JL°* PW* P*- W '^ ia' .*^? WkW ^ 0ayiqupil.^ownbrptnf(r,^n blood tg the celcf bralfd CdmtinhfMi''bkiag by Begulus irom Restitution. ';I^e! jd'ofinediuniheigRtjBtrongly ihudeV'with a good s4t of Ipgaand £oct, »d4 a uioit dctermiiied head. lie has run novcra} times in England with credit, and is said ti- be awry flflfi wprke.r, Caetque ,JJ. wUl be three yrars old W,J«-F» »P,d wjU represent Mr Gatenby in the Waterloo Cup, He is»p|i a taking dog to the eye, not showing much quality,, and bfe-taii Msbprt and coarse. From his breeding and performances he will pn- bably be a favorite for the Cup, should hegp tbrpugb, hjs training satisfactorily.. Two red puppies by Bethel (own brother tp Bftb at the Bowster) from Hazard (own brother tp Bendemcre) have beengreatly admired. They ? are ?afiae-grown handsome' pair of yotingr ster^f, possessing every appearance of speed and strength! while their legs and feet are of undeniable excellence * -A fawn slut, Charity, by Qr«soe frpen tJpilW.Jfan, shows a great ,d!?aj,pf quality and. JppW life 8 racer. In style she greatly resembles ...Happy' Lass. The brood slut, Sans, Peur, by SamUel from Slighted Idea, is a lengthy animal witho well- ? bred head. She would bo handsomo, bi)t for having such a short -quarter. The grey hounda Hare been ?- l»nd.sd in splendid cpndjtipn, Mf Gatenby having himself superintended their feeding and exercise during the voyage.- ([Theae: greyhounds arrjypsl here by } hp s.s. Derwent on Saturday .3 Th,e Explosiyo Svbfitances Bill.--Mr Cross's Bill ' to amend the law with reapectt' to manufacturing, keeping, selling, carrying, and, importing, gunpowder, BUrp-glycerine,. and other explosive sub'sti^nces' has bqen printed. It consists of 113 clauses, and is divided into four parts. The. firnt p;irt,d¥(ils with tbe, law relating to gunpo.wdpr ; the second part with' the law relating to other explosives:; and 'the third pact relates tp the administration of the. Ja-r ; and the, four* part contains supplemental provisions, legal' proceedings, exemptions,1 and definitions. Withr€Bppctto;tbBCony0yanpepfgupppw(ler, if is provided that gunpowder, if not exceed ing five pounds in '? amount, shall be con toinod in a substantial closed case, bag, pr canister, andjfexcfi^ding, five pounc(s it.must be |n a fling'e package, or a double package. : A'sihgle pdcSiage 'must: consist of a bojc, barrel, or case of Huch strengtli, cpustruptiop, and character as may be apprpved by the Government inspector. If the powder js contained, in a double package, the outer package is to be a bqx, barrej.or cospof ^wood, pr laetalj or, other Splid matierial, and js to be of p^ch construction' and strength as not j.o be broken or accidentally opened while being , eppveyejl, and not Jo a^low, tbp gunpowder to , escape, Thpre is to be no iron or steel used ' jn the construction of a package unless it is- effectually corered with tin, zinc, Pr PthP* material, and1 the amount of gunpowder in pnp package is not to exceed looip. , Harbpr authorities1 and railway and canal companies are with tho saction of the Board pf Trade, to made bye-laws for regulating the convey ance, loading, &c;, pf gm)pp,wde,r, and tpe . pqeupier 6f ,ey?ry wharf on which gunpowder ; is iQilded or unloaded, if required by the Secretary of S,tate, is to make similar bye laws. In cases to which none of these provisions qppiy. the Secretary of State is ,tQ,. make byo^liiws for regulating' the conveyance^ Joartihg rand:uriloadii)g dl jgiinpowdsr. ''Her' ?Majeaty.byOrderin Council,^ Is .to have, po*er to proKlbltthe manufacture; importa tion, storage, and! 'carriage of 1 specially dangerOMS explppives. ?Postppnerctept. pf -the . Philadelpljia Ex .hjbjtiqn.'. A meeting' of the pptn.missionjrs : ,f^9r the fpr,th«o'mjng_ptaladelpMa ExMbitipn. was held »,t, ths Toivtt S»U W. Jlfonday afternoon, Sir Redmond Barry iri the chair. ? The Afgus saya, ;— A comfnmiipatipp -yas read from the director-general, Mr A. T. Goshorn, announcing that with the view of having fide weather, the opening of the ! Philadelphia Exhibition had been postponed frbo) April 13 'to May W, Some conversa tipn took place as to the advisableness of postponing the date of opening the Mpl bourne exhibition for a corresponding period, but it was decided to do nothing until the other colonies had been consulted. _ Letters were read from Singapore, announcing that His Majesty thp King, of giam would, in all prpbabttijty, contribute a very interesting coiUectK-» ;. and from the Governor of tjie Prengh 4s]Rn,d of; Reunion, regrettinR ? tbat th-t cpjpny, could npt take pa,rt in the MelbpprflB exhibJ%i-, The tender of Messrs M'Carron, SJj[d, .ahd Co., for' printing the . catalogues, w»p accepted, and the plans for the rp.froshim.ept Voo^ds were approved. The questipP! pf juries w^dispu.ssed, and a strong opinion expressed that all awards phould be made within the first week of the exhibition. floating the Blencathra.— Now that the , barque Blenoathra has Jboen. ; np.arly cleared pf cargo, the 4rgu$ says, the next under taking pf importance will be the floating off of the vessel from its present position and bringing it across to MelPOHrne, Arrange ments for this purpose have been concluded by Mr Gr. Stevenson with ' Messrs Robison Brothers and Co., of Plinders-street, and Mr T. Robison, of that. firni,:,w.ag to proceed to. 'King.'s Island on Wednesday night in the schooner Victoria; to commence and superin tend operations, Mr Rflbison has already made a thorough inspection of 'the barque's, situation and surrpundingB, and should the: weather favor, ho is of opinion that she will he got off without much difficulty, At a meeting held in St. Paul's schoolijppnv immediately, after service on 2nd May, Mr John White (for many years employed at the Cornwall Chronicle office) resigned hia post as; secretary, as he had arranged to leave Launceston. Tbe super intendent (Mr S. Hop wood) presented Mr White with a suitable address, signed by the ncmnbeut and teachers, and illuminated by Mr Steer, after which, in the name of the sc ool, Mr W. Ferrall presented him within elegant vase, mounted on ebony, and forming an ipkstand. Mr Sinclair, who was super intendent of St. Paul's when Me J, White first attended, presented him with, a. copy of a work on Printing; and the rey, chairman presented! him with a copy of the Spirit of : Praise. . How to render Paper Transparont.T-It is worth, knowing that it' one volume of castor oil be dissolved in two or three volumes of. ! spirits of wine, it will render paper transptu rent, and, tho spirit rapidly evappratingr, the paper in a few minutes, becomes fit for ' use. A drawing in pencil or Indian ink can thus be made, and if the paper is placed* in spirits of wine, thfeoil!i8 AissolTfid^ut, resitoE(ng;tho paper to-.iits. O.ogina.1 condition. This is Jtlje discovery 6- Herr'Fitscher. A-WMtAf,(^,-feHfl«g«ten,-T-JWrQ«!orgc Smift tottflni ttifjPo^7-%«»i*Hlfc«-some of the Assyrian tablets discovered by bin), and presented by' the' proprietors of tho Telegraph to tUe British Mttseprp, contain a much longer and' fuller account of tie creation and fall pi jjjnn than the Book o£ Genesis. In particular, the fall of Satan, which, iP| the Bible Ja,. only assumed, is in these records reported at length, and the description of thia.bpjng Is characterised by Mr Smith as ' really uiagniflcent.' Jelly f rpm Old Bdpts.— The roader may itar^; observes the Medical Pre,it.ari4 Circular, , but scienpe smiles svpremp, and assorts y«ry emphatically that a toothsome delicacy can be m'adp from a dilapidated foot 'covering. Some timo a^o, says the 8cientifio American, , DrP V»n do Weydp regaled soroe friends. not merely with boot jelly, but with shirt coffic, and the repast was pronourieedby nil paftaWrs excejlcnt, Tho J)octor tells w th«t he made jelly ;by first pleaninB the boot, and subse quently bpiling it witli soda under a jtressare of about two atuiospheres. The tannic ncicl in theileathpr, combined with salt, wwle tannate of soda, anil 1 he gelatine rose %o the top, whence it was removed and dried. Prom this last, with su jtable flavoring material, the the jplly was readily concocted^ The shirt coffee, incidentally mentioned above, was sweetened with cuff and collar sugar, both coffee ftPd sugar being prodweo' in tbp ,^ame way. The linen (after, of course, WAshing) was treated with nitric /icid,1 which, 'aciing on theifgnite contained in the fibre, produced gluodse, or grape sugar, . THi*ro»».ted,..mftde nnd excellent imitAtion cpff.ee, which , an addition of uhrpasted glucose ' Veadily sweetened. ' '? ?? ' '' '? ' ? :.:?' ?'??'- 1 The Rev.R. K. Ewingi^-At the tneoting of the Commission pf the Presbyterian ; Assembly on Thursday, says the Argws, the ? Moderator announced that he had received a remonstrance froip a public meeting held at the Athenteum on ITebruary lfi, in reference to the ease' Of the Rev. R. K. Ewing, and asking him to call a pro n.natn jnee.tipg o£ the ?Assembly to cpnsidpr the matter, whjch he had declinecl to dp. stating his reasons for so' deoidiiigr. His action was approved. The report pf thq; dpputatjqn appointed tpwait uppn tho congregation at BeephwortJi was lead.. It mentioned that they hod exp7ained the position in which the church was plq.ee J towards the General Assprobly, ^nd prjgcd the action which they ought to take jn the matter. The congregation, however, seemed to have adopted an opposite opinion, nnd'the meeting on the subject was postponed for a week jn order to give, time tp consider the views set before the. nietnbers of the deputa tion. A committee was appointed to con sider the case and report to the General Assembly what steps- they think ought to be adopted relative thereto. ;. , ,. ; The Essence of- Inipudencp.-«-Qne'.pf the i most; extraordinary ; ? fw'tjon* e r,ej, placed on the records of a' legjil tribunal was tried recpiVtl'y in the Court of Exchequer, Dublin. The plaintiff, Henry Jpspph ; ifiowyer, bad been for fhirty-flrp ,years stationery, clerJcin the Common Pleas office, and the defendant, Mr John J. Burke, is a. parchment monu ? f actuter. Last yea? the plaiiffiff was con victed, p^ having carried, on an extensive system of fr/iuc| on the Government^ ? by ordering more parchments than wbren re quired for thPioffloe, and Mling, the ,surp,Jus, for-which he underwentsix months' imprison ment. The action was ''to recover damages for '. alleged ; breach: ' of ? ?? contractj ? , ? The ;t.umnionsand plajpt averred, that M.r Bqrke entered into a contract with' the plaintiff to pay him a commission at the rate ofSdper : skinot) his: obtaining orders for parchments sod- skins, which, pla.int.iff thep had powpr to order by virtue of his position. Io further seto'ut that in- d period extending ? from 1868 to '1873! he had oraeiBd- from the dpf^nd ant.SW.OOP parphnj^nte »nd^O,poo skins ; that in respect of the agreement sued on defen dant had paid plaintiff commission on 40,000 skins and 100;-300 parchmeuitiSjlput that,, on plajntifftycpnvicrtpni defendant refused to further recognise tlioiconfract, and refused to pay the cbuimission1 011 the reraaimler. For thiB plaintiff, claimed #833 dapn/iges. The plaintiff also alleged that, by reason of defendant's failure supply sufficient parch -ments and .skins, ha (plaintiff) had Jost his position audiv»s imp^iflonBd, apd for- this he clahned £W00 daniages. Tbe plaintfff de posed that in 1863 or 1 864 the defendant, who was Government contractor for, the supply of stationery, parchnjent, and skins, .solicited him tp put forward as many requisitions for parchment as he could for his benefit, arid that he did so, Several times he received written memprandu from ths defendant as to the size .of the parchments that would ? suit hiita best to send. The arrangement was that witness was to send op the parohraents.tp. Mr Burke After having receiypd them .from the Stationery Oflice, and that he was' to allow . him 2d or 3d per skin. After the plaintiff had been examined, Serjeant Armstrong, for thp; defendant, called on thp Chief Baron not to . investigate the case further, as the plain tiff's evidence proved the existence of a. corrupt contract to defraud the Queen^The Chief Baron directed a nonsuit. ' A Boiling Green woman has just fallen in love with ber husband after regarding him with gneatidislike for tpuyears.r : An Ohio girl whotriod tp despribe a, Jump ofppp.1 weighing five hundred pounds s»id .- ' It's as big as mother's overshoes;' ' To avoid mortifying her lover's family, . whp a-e very poor, iv Montreal'; heiress was married the other 'day in a plain Swiss, muslin costing 20dol., while her undercloth ing was valued at 2000dol. WWTOV'B WWARP Qi& an-d MagicPxixs. —Have' cured more wonderful . cases of Rheumatism, Gout, Neuralgia,. Aches, .Pains, Swellinqs, Caked Breasts, Burns, Scalds, and Salt- Rheum, upon, &-} human frame, than all the pretended remedies have since the world began. These Great American Medicines are composed of vegetable oil, healing gums, roots and herbs s and act like a charm npon pain and inflammation.— f Advt.] 'Spectator anp Metppdist CuRONicLE.'f : ? First number just to hand. ; Intending sub- ??? scribers will plense forward name and address atpnce.sttb^criptioo post free 7s half yearly in advance, single copies d. Ag eut — Rich. Gee, Bookseller..— [Advt.]- A VEHlOtB or Hkalth.— ^A pure stimu lant possessed of tonic properties has ever been regarded as the great desideratum: for diseases which drain the system of its vital power, for overcoming the debility, which follows sickness, and for remedying constitu tional weakness. Knowing its absolute purity, ,jt8, powerfully invigorative and corrective ' action ^nd its value as an, anti-dyspeptic and : .diuretic, it 13 no wrihdp'r ' that physicians fre quently' prescribe TTotoyHo' Wolfe's ScHrabAMABdMATlC'SOUKAirrB.-^-rADVT.J Rb$tty_ Under a Borrowed Umbrella. — The'OufceamlDucheas of Edinburgh were, J6ia8ftid,.roccntly taking a drive clost in. tho neighborhood of their Eastwell estate* when., being overtaken by a, heavy shower; of win, tho/ Jcppc)ced . nt the door o£ a cottage .which happened to be near, and!, asked that an umbrella might be lent them, An old lady — K-£a',beneTQlentj but yet very careful, dis mpSuon'— to whom this application, was ad -|pok^qd,: and the persona of her illustrious . ytsjttprs Wire unknown, replied that if they ?Wold' promise to bring it back again sho wbnldlend thum her hop picking umbrella, but that she could not spare the best. Their: lioyal Highnesses gave the necessary under taking, and drove nway to Eastwell, where ?perhaps some little amusement was1 created toy a recital of the adventure. Thcnestdaj' ?the borrowed article was returned, with; the, Duchess of. Edinburgh's compliments, a aovoxeign^ and a pouud i of good - tea. ; '.Che oldilady ha-- since, stated, that, h:id,shc known atiWaSith'e Duchess who had called upon her slfWyVypuld certainly, hare lent, her the befit umbrella. . , .. ? . 'AjBtighlandSuporgtition.— A;curipus'bit of ?popular superstition is the following, which a gentleman in the neighborhood of Inverness wasgood enough to bring recently to public .aatiee ;:— Alter breakfast; at which, among ?other .good things, we. had. some;; .excellent, fresh eggs, ho.sug?ested that wej-shpuld go into the, kitchen to'smpka: 'ami watch,' he said! ' what .myj housekeeper will do with the empty, eggshells as' the -breakfast things are 1 brought up fA'brii the parlor,' We went, and afobdand'watched'aqe.oitijrigly, and this Is what, we saw, chatting with our ? host ? the ? ?while*, that tho housekeeper might not sus pect'thafc wa took any particular interest in Mar doing :— We noticed that when the girl came into the kitchen and laid the, tray on the table, tho housekeeper, a. staid and ?ra- «nectable-lookins woman,' well; advanced .in. yeaf9»^ked:°yer and took, the., eggshells— , there were four or five .of. them— and, placing then* one after another into an, egg-cup, she tpofe a small knife and passed it, with a. Smart tap, through the bottoms, or hitherto;; I unbroken, .ends of the lot, and then' turned away to some other employment. This was allj for our, host immediately.sug gcated that we .should visit his stables. , . W«s , were a good deal puzzled, having seen .so: Uttfe. where we expected tp, have aecn.a great' deal, .and, that, ijttle so seemingly without , anaaaing' and purposeless. ,'. \V h«n ' We got Xa\ the stables, our host asked, if w--' understood tiie meaning of the 'old 'lady's manner of j -dealing with the eggshells. Wo confessed: ' ?o'ur'profound ignorance, having never before ' aeeaj-^hever, at least; seen so as seriously itb, I ndtice— anything of this kind before. ? 'My i housekeeper, you' must know,' continued oyir; ' friend, 'is, a most excellent woman, but; i mucUgiyen to little superstitious, observance-?! I .and harmless gios ragan. She will npt allow;, I a. single eggshell to'go out of her sight with I out, first making a hole through it, knocking ?out iid ?bottom, in short— in ' case, as she has, more than once' seriously told me, a witch :sitdutd!get hold of it and use it as a boat, in which to set to sea. in order to raise- violent; Mtornj3,iii which the ablest, seamanship could i aiot possibly, saw hundreds, of vessels fronii I .beingMni3erabl- wrecked', ?:;?.::... j : Efl%ipu3 Melancholy, and Reyivalisih.— , i Tho annual report of the Roydl Edinburgh, I Asylum has jusji.been. published,, and] is' a moat,ablo; and, 'exhaustive paper.' ; 'IA strik , iSk feature; says the British Medical \;,fournal,. isThaf, 'tinder th'e1 'Head bf,; melancholia, ' the1 . number admitted w,as 88; or W per cent.5 in ?excess of the average of thepast five' years, ? many of these j»ses being desperately ?suicidal. Witlfregafd'J'tb the most striking feature of ! this report— namely, .the. great ^increase, in, the' number ,of .patients.,: from; Edinburgh, aud thp,-,.fap)-;t;batl.that:;increas,e was mostly . duo::tq ;aoute-:. cases, and-.of -; the, ?class of inelanchojiar^there is some reason; for.oonnectingiitwith the, great; wajre of .rer Jigious excitement and, ;i revivalism;, which; passed over, the; city, last ^prjng. ' We, hear, from other ' sources :that the number; of, cases? ?of insanity among the better, classes .due to, this cause was, very, remarkably. ;.;, .: ? ..... , .'A'Jittld sbc-year-pld daughter,; of ;, Colonel J.-D; Jefftesai whose, residence, is;,. at, 1016 Washington-street, died last Sunday, in a yery: (Painful and curious manner. Qn Friday the aitfcte one was playing at sewing. Somenoise on ithe street made her run to, the window, .and in true (housewifely style, she, stuck the needle intHe bosom, of her, dress for safe Keeping. la leaning over, the ;sill;her weight drove thenoedlein.to he? breast, immediately over the heart/ The child! screamed, and;in her efl!orts,to. draw; the. needle, out broke it oftsbort. Dr. Charles McQiiesten was called as soon as, possible.) .Themessengerwas not sufficientlyi .intelligent., to., explain, the trouble, and r'the Doctpr,, thinking,, it some -ordinary, childish complaint,,, .took .with him.no surgicaV; instruments, . This,. ,pcca: sioned a delay of ' half - an, .hour, . as the physician.hadto return tp,his office. He put.ttie child under the influence of chlprp- : form/' Search was made fi-? the fragment ' «£ steels' The breast was laid open to. the ; bdae immediately over'the wpi»nd.: Part of tiie needle found in the'tip'he, but the struggle i of ttte little one had broken off; the point,! -wiiicli ted penetrated the cavity 9* %?' chest ; iindi was' thus.'Deyond1' the reach 'of '.the ' ?surgepn/s knife. 'It was hdped. that the, bit, '-of ateel wpuid not tbucii the' 'heart; - but find , its way. into the'crirculanpn' ; and put as has ; .-ao fr'eg.ueniijy'happened'in'aimilar case's. The: ^hi(d djid not appear to sniffer1 greatly and ' tiie fears of 'i!er parents were alinoat1 allayed, ^dn Sunday, wheii Mrs JefEress returned from, ?church,' Viola' ran 'to meet her gaily and in. apparent ihealth. ' The next! moment,: how-: ?ever, the child 'was seized, with a vomiting ' 'fit' and iri-lessthsn an hour, was dead. -.Dr.; WcQtiestfej in company with T-r.. Bird, made. it post 'mortem examinatioa and found that the; ?.rioedle-point had, 'penetrated' the right ?ventricle- of the ' hearli, thus .eausing' death. The poor child hai frequently complained, of great pain as she breathed,' andher suf-r fe'ripgB ; from the constant irritation; mast Jiave been intense. .??., _ -. -:_ ? .. ?' ? .^ ; ' ' 'Twq Davenport girls, attempted the other ? aay to discover what men find, so attractiv^ in Cigars' and- whiskey. ' Bed jiijgvta :their hedroom they primed themselves; foe the «nrep, but brought the' experimbnt to aa end :UV ityirigthe cigarafirst.' ' kc- ' Vogel's Projects Supcesafuli-rrThe ? Register says' : Mr Vogel, tho ' Now. ? Zealana l'rehiieri has accomplished two. of the maia t Objects of bis. pilgrimage to London. He haq, ihKTOgfoJ the' co-operation of the Rothschild^, teplehisKed- the Loan Piiiid. coffers of the i ©ploiiy to tho extent, of something, like. Soup; millions -sterling, and. he has! made arrange; J mertts'ipr a 'cable to connect New- Zealand. \ : wHlithe-telegra'phia systema. of Anstinl^, 1 jiul-'oftaieoitj&ed; world. ' TJiO' aneasage1. \ amaoWcing iheitiaccesg'otUhja Becond- sup-.' N dertaking unfortunately leaves .iwucnilTSOtad ; cortaia questions in -which South Austn»li« is deeply, Interested*. It will be remembered that Che extension of tile cable to New Zea land forma part of * schema.' entered i into between that colony, New South W'a!o9, and Queensland^ for the construction, of a duplicate line to run by way of Normantoa to Singapore, apd tlienco to India, ' In the f elegram published elsewhere no mention is made of any except the Nev, Zealand ^ part, and we are naturally carious to know ? whether the other features in the projec. are to hare inimediate effect given to them Certainly tho news brought by the last mall; does not favor such an idea, inasmuch as it shows that war is imminent between Etigr»nd and Burmah — the country through which (he telegraph, after reaching Singa pore from. tho. Queensland coast, w»s to be cvrried. No doubt there ia still the alter native of, a cable all , the way, to India,, but this would, entail a serious extra cost which. 1 the, associated colonies would not, we.ima gine, particularly card to . fac.e. Moreover,' : we have tidings of a' contemplated^ amalga mation between the competing Indfan Cable ; Compnnies, which;, if consummated, will ; place other and; formidable ? difflculties in the ! way of a duplicate line. ? On all tfiese' : grounds particulars of the arrangements made by MrVogel will bo. looked ,for ,With linterest. : . ? ' . '? ?? ?,???'.:??? !?..-;.?? Escape from Bkiohton, Qxoh, ?— ., On: Monday, the 2nd inst., at 8 o'clock p.m., a 'prisoner named George Laughton alias Taylor, a sailor, charged with ihousebreaking rande his escapq.fromitho tontville Gi^olr.byi scaling thp prison wall, some. 15 or, ,10 feet high., Laug^tpn seizqd the ppp,o#upity pf, two or, three niinuteii given him td'ihnke;up, this bed, instead of which he, snatched a polo kept in the yard for the purpose , of drying the prison bod clothes, placed it in one of thb! corners, and thereby made his escape. He1 as the second man that has made his escape |by 'getting over the prison walls, 'It being' :some 20 years since tho first. man ;:gpt over, iOn reliable information obtained by the igaoTer as to his wliereabonts, he has since jbean*arrc3tedin HobartTown and committed ifpr trial at the Police Office.. , ; , : . , : j Everybody (says the London Court Ciraular^ ? has hoard of laabe^le,the:flowor,gitl!o£ th iParis Jockey dlub, who never, -sell? flowers/; but;only gives them'. W,eJlthen, t&is;/f^giyer' of flowers ha^made,qui(ea- rpgpectablellitt],e| fortune by giving flower? away. Tobb sure, no One'ever thought of receiving her flowers iwithput some little acknowledgment; Thus, 'fpr, the smallest rosebud, a, louis.d'pr '..'waa. readily, paid. Sorbe, according, to, circujn-.' stances, gave niore. The 'laW Empdror,' is ,;knpwn to have 'paid for his, button-hole' 'bouqn'ets onq hundred francs. / Others' paid her in 'jewellery j ' and,attliisrmbineh't IsabeHe the1 'flower girl's jewellery is 'more- numerous than Schneider's. She has oven five, hundred' different pieces of jewellery, given by the highest personages .'.ofvtnany. nations.' And; 'she:-ia no, 'Jight; o',lpye.?f Isabella, is , a ,'pprtly, .middle-age^ . .^?oman,; , an; 4: ao plain that sheha's scarcely kno^n,,w;hat; it.jWasjto.i ;ppssess the; '. deyi^'sj beaiit^V^ n'a^ely, the;b'eauty,atte'ndarit oii1 au,'tliat is young. Nbit alsppt,' th'ereforei is, on'he'r escnMieon.'1' Her forthhe ' and; 'diamonds hiive'beeri won ,by smiles, but iidthing'more. It'hasb'eeh'the'faihion to 'give -to 'her,' and every one has given. Every member, of ithei Jockey Club,1 makes 'horia present ...one his instal latian , and ion! New. ' lenr'si Day, . also; whenever .ai. horae wjnB, ? ,the ?, ow^eri jrememr bers &abelle.; . .',; ? . ?;, : ,...?.:?,?;,??,. ,{?.'??, , .,- Stamped, Engagements; to Marry.r--I)-l is, surprising that ampng^ t% niany schemes for, increasing |the revenue in tlie.least.'irfe-, some method to the1 comrnunitfy!''the.imp'p-' sition of stamp duties on offers 'of marriage has never'b'een seriously considered;'-: There can be little doubt, the Pall '? Mall - '? Giizette says, that such an impost wdulflnotonlylbo cheerfully paid, buti would bring, in tiav con siderable sum' annually to the, Exchequer;. It would, moreoter, do more i than, anything* elae to. putanendto thoso'' breach of promise casesV which; give. rise to, much, unseemly) mirth and desecrate spme,of .the.nobles^ feel ings' of b'ur; imperfectj nature. ,If , it ,;were; rendered illegal to makfe a proposal or accept one except by a stamped document it would be impossible for the. most heartless, triflei to get out of his pr her engagemejjts','' on! the ground of ' no serious interilipna;', '; ' This plan would, moreover, thrpw^aV spirit of earnestness iiitp social intercourse which is sadly required: J Unstanjped professiohs of admiration or, affection would belpoked upon not only a3;hollow flirtation, but ns attempts to def raud-the revenue, . subjecting the , g»y deceiver to a penalty, part of which would go to rthe informer.' Perhaps some .colonial Chancellor of the Excheauer may avail him self of this. hint. ; . ,,| .,..'; Bendigb's iBacksliding.-trSpme scandal ihas been caused, by the, backsliding of, 'one '.Ben.r ; digp,' once the 'champion, of England1', in ; the^priza'rin'g, but for the laafi few, y,ears.;a : !reyiyalis)t preacher. The ItoUingliamJour- j nal stated that' he had attended a' pigeon-' match at Beeston, near .that .'town, bette'd freely; arid used such language ? as to call! down upon him the rebukes iof the' bystan ders. The Telegraph says that a great open- \ air service \yas held on Sunday;; last, when' Bendigo appeared on- tho i' platform . arid;, ad mitted having been at the .match and; bet! .upon;a;bird,,but he, denied, having; used ibid ilijnguage. He said^ ^^when , he ' found he , had j done wrong he went home and'tpld God, wKp ) had: forgiven him and t^ikeh liim^baGk agaip. : After thiscorifesypn; there was ' jjeneril' re joicing, and Bendigo, assisted by! the fcpn ' gr'egation, sang the following verse :-f! .?''. '' 1 . Tho dovil had me oi^cc, but hoiet rae^go, ,' ' ' ' '?'?..-??? i: ? ? :?? Glorf;HiiUeluJah!-' i'i He wants me again; but X don't mean to go, , : , ? ? wOfy Halloliijali. ? . -. .'?'.' Special . Notice . to SstoKERS^— Just * opened at J: M. ; Davies, 'Havana: Housej 10,000 choice.No. 1 Manilla cigar3r'0ayite;' 600.0;genuine Hayana ciga^s^La.Agnila de Orp, Princesses,. Principes,.land LaiPlo; de Snl Juan y Martinez ; 1 Case fancy. ^French briar pipes lined, with, meerschaum ;' 21' gases bent, straight, and carved meerschaum pipes ; s'nyer cpiraromatic tpbaccP, Havelock 'Gold '.Bais '?? ' cable 'cdil (itomatic navy tobacco ;iind a: 'large 'assbrtment ' of smoker's requisites j ?alsd 1 case 'cigarettes, Gannon Rifles, Brilj Hants, Glowworm, and a variety, of oktiejr : f brands, containing the choiedst -Turkish ,ta»r«cco.-I!Ai)vx-3; : . ' WHEKBDaYon tivE? In a salubrious, localityior in a region the 1atmo3phere- of , which is periodically tainted with malaria ? ? If ih the; latter,' it is notnnreasonableto sup .pbse- that when the regular time:fpr the de velopment of njiasjua aufri,vesi ev,ery yea}:, you are just jjs rBgularly.Bhaken up with the ^Fever and Ague. Det us ho^o, nofc. ,but if' mv. app, lope no fun,^ in nr,c|outing TJoplpho W.i-t4V£'0 . A^OMA^iq itioHIKDAlf SCHNAPPp,! wHiotti if use* rtgnlarly, -inlt jrtotbctytw' from the next Tiaitation.—fAWi'.il '? ' ; ' ! 