MISS ANGEL. By Miss Thackeray. [■published by special arrangement with the Author.] Chapter XXIX. (Continued). One day, a long time before, a Mr. St. Leu, a barrister and art critic, had been speaking of some of Angelica's work to Mr._ Reynolds. "It is graceful," the critic had said, "but overstrained and affected. Everything is too couleur de roseate-rose for my plain common sense. I know the ©Id father; a friend of his, M. Zucchi, an Italian, gave 'him a letter to me. The fair Angelica I have not seen; but her work does not attract me." " You have scarcely entered into her intention," Mr. Reynolds had said, gravely, " To her charming nature the whole world is a garden of happiness, She knows that sorrow exists. The wickedness of life—to us elder people it is, perhaps, the only real sorrow—does not seem to occur to her. Perhaps it might be better for her pietures if she had less confidence, but for herself it would not be so well," said the painter. One day, after poor Angel's tragedy, the two men met again by chance. " How is your friend Miss Kauffman," the critic asked, quite kindly. "Poor lady. I fear her experience has been bitter enough to take the roses out of her garland for a long time to come. I am expecting a visit from her and her father at my cham bers," he continued, "they are coming this afternoon, on business connected with the house they live in." M. St. Leu's staircase led from under the covered way that crosses from Inner Temple-lane. The staircase abuts upon a quaint old wig-shop, that cannot be much altered since the days when Angelica looked in through the narrow panes at the blocks and the horse-hair perched upon their shining cranes. " I will wait for you here, father," said she, "it is out of the wind. I do not care to go up." The nervous terror of meeting strangers was still upon her. She smiled to her father, and went and stood in the one sheltered corner of this windy place, waiting by the wig-shop, and leaning against the brick wall. The colonnade divides two pretty old courts, with many lawyers and bricks and memories, with blue bags issuing from old doorways; red and brown and grey are the tints ; quaint and slight the arches and peristyles, to some minds as quaint and graceful in their mists and wreathing fogs as any flaunting marble or triumphant Pompeian vista. For a long time Angel watched the passers by; listened to the sound of the footsteps. It was a bitter day for all its spring pro mise ; a fog hung over the streets, the wind came dry and dusty, piercing through the damp mist. Angelica waited, indifferent to it all; the weather made little difference to her in her strange de pression. Would anything ever touch her again ? she wondered.- It seemed to her as if even trouble could not come near her any more. Ct is true that interest itself fails at times, and that life is then very salt less and ashy to the taste; but even this is a part of its experience, if honestly accepted, and not less honest a portion of life than its contrary emotion. Angel waited, listlessly watching two children descending and climbing the steps of a piled brown house with an arched door way. She felt forlorn and out of place ! other people were living their daily lives, and working to some end. She had none, nothing to wish. Then she began to cry, feeling the utter hopelessness of it all. She could seg no way out of it, no possible issue. She had never taken into consideration that tide which flows and ebbs, that alter nate waking and sleeping which belong to all living emotion. If our hearts did not beat with alternate pulses they wonld not be alive. The Children were gone, a lawyer's clerk had paced the court and dwindled away. (I don't know if lawyers' clerks looked as old. and worn, a hundred years ago as they do now. If so, Angelica,: with all her troubles, must have seemed a pleasant contrast to the grim and foggy figures that were wandering about this Temple Court.) One big old man, dressed in loose un tidy clothes, went slowly past, blinking at her from beneath a small scratch wig that scarce covered his big head; he rolled as he walked along, portly, unsightly. There: was a certain stamp of arbitrary dignity about him for all his shabby clothes and uncouth gestures. Angelica recognised the face and strange actions, for she had seen Mr. Johnson one evening at the! play; that evening when Garrick acted Hamlet. She shrunk away from his steady gaze. He passed on, and went up the staircase by which her father had just climbed. Then more smoke-colored figures went by with the minutes. Then by degrees the place became quite silent and deserted, except for certain ghosts of her own fancy, and drifts of smoke and soot, and an odd jumble of recollections. The wind blew in dusty gusts, and Angel sighed, from present chill depres sion as much as from any other cause.; Some stir of pain seemed awakened suddenly ; a sort of unreasonable retro spective sense of shame and grief came over her, and caused her to hide her face in her two hands for an instant. In that instant a heavy step came down the narrow staircase, fell on the stones, came to her side; and stopped. " Yes, father! " she said, without look ing up. "Your father is above with Mr. St. Leu," said a voice. It was not John Joseph's vibrating tenor, but a deep and measured tone she did not know.; and then Angelica raised her eyes, and met the full and steady look of two bleared heavy orbs, from which, nevertheless, a whole flooding light of sympathy and kindness seemed to flow. The ugly seamed face was tender with its great looks of pity. " You are Mrs. Kauffmann," said the ( man, in this voice, with a sort of echo. 1 "I told your father I would stay with ' you, my dear, until he had finished his business. I have wished to make your acquaintance," he continued, after a mo ment's pause. "Iknow to what straits we poor human creatures can be brought, and I confess that the recital of your story has moved me greatly." There he stood, still looking at her, and she timidly glanced at the lazy, well known figure, at the heavy face with the . indomitable fire of light in it, the lamp burning through the bushel and darting its light into one heart and another, his looks no less than his words carried that oonviction which is the special gift of some people. Angelica, who had of late so shrunk from strangers, felt as if this was a friend to whom she could complain ; to whom it was possible to speak. " What do you mean ?" she cried, im petuously (her tongue seemed suddenly unloosed). "Who do you take me for ? Do you know my story? It is only foolery and disgrace. People look at me —not, as you do, with kindness—and I see their scorn; I feel their importunate curiosity, and know not how to escape from it all, from myself, my miserable life " " Hush, my dear; hush!" said this stranger. "There is no wisdom in use less and hopeless sorrow ; ' although, somehow, it is so like virtue that he who is wholly without it cannot be loved by me, at least. To be ill thought of in another person's mind is in itself no wrong-doing, although it may signify some discomfort to yourself. But believe me, my dear young lady," said the wise old man, " the world is not so scornful as you imagine ; so unjust as it is peevishly, represented. For my own part," he went on, " I love and respect you, disgraced, as you call it; whereas before, there was a time when my sympathy was less. You have done no wrong; you have injured yourself, but no other person. In some ways disappointment is as good as success, for it does not prevent the sincerity of your good intentions, nor alter the truth of your feelings. To be mistaken is no crime. Many things turn out differently from our wishes. Can you follow me, my dear ? Hay, you must not cry; you must not lose courage. A lifetime is still before you, and much hope for the future." .. He took her languid hand, and held it between his big palms. He comforted her strangely, though she scarcely owned it to herself, or knew how this strange help reached her. " Hope !" "cried poor Angel. " What, hope can there be for me ? I know hot how to escape my thoughts. I know not whom to trust, whom to love, what to do." "Love your enemies; do good to them that illuse you," said the old man, solemnly. "Follow your own sense of right. Fear not to love, my dear. Fear hate and mistrustful feelings. Fear the idleness of grief; accept the merciful dispensation of Providence, which, by the necessity of present attention, diverts us from being lacerated by the past. It is a most mortifying reflection for any of us to consider what we have done in com parison with what we might have done. It still remains for you to contemplate the future without undue confidence, but with out unnecessary alarm, and with humble trust in your own efforts for right doing to determine upon the best, the most reasonable course for a Christian to pursue, and to follow that course with courage and humility." Some people have a gift of magnetism, of personal influence, which is quite in describable, which belongs, partly to the interest they take in the concerns of others, partly to some natural simplicity and elevation of soul. Johnson's personality andgreat-hearted instinct reaches us still across the century that divides us from its convincing strength. What must that tender, dog matic, loving help have been to poor little Angelica in her perplexity, as she found herself face to face with this human being, so devout and wise and tender in his sympathy. Mr. Eeynolds could pity and befriend, but he could not enter into the depths of feelings and difficulties that he had him self never experienced. How at last she seemed to have found an ark, a standing-place,.in hersea of trouble. She looked up into the heavy face. She seemed to hreathe more"fully ; the load upon her heart was suddenly lightened, and with a burst of tears she stooped and kissed the great brown hand. " Oh!" she said, " you have spnken words that I shall never forget. Heaven sent you to me. Now I jeel as if I could face my life alone." The poor little thing's nerves-had been over-wrought, over-strung all this long time. It seemed to her-now as . if this man had taken her hand, and led her calmly to the encounter of terrors and alarms which she had not dared to face alone, and which vanished as "she met them. When John Joseph came down after his long conference with Mr. St. Leii he found Angelica brightened, smiling through tears. His old Angel was come back, with a softened light in her eye3, and a sweetened tone in her voice. "Father, how long you have been," she said. "Not too long, net one moment too long. If you could know what this half hour has done for me!" It had done this—it had restored her self-respect, her confidence in others, John Joseph rubbed his hands, seeing her look of life renewed. The slight figure drifted less languid, more erect. There was hope in her steps. They passed out into the busy street, under Temple.Bar, into the noisy haunts of men. Angel's" friend rolled "off- on "his -un gainly way. He was grateful and cheered himself, for to bless is in itself the bles sing of some generous hearts. [To be continued.) " It is our pleasing duty," states the Kapunda Herald, " to ohroniole another hand some donation to the funds of the Kapunda Hospital The Treasurer has received from Mr. J. H. Angas a promissory not for £100 towards the funds of the Hospital. This awe'la the total private subscriptions thus far, irre spective of Mr. Dutton's, to about £800." On Thursday, July 15, as William B. "Walker, in the employ of. Mr. Oregan, of Hahndorf, was holding a spirited horse in a buggy, the animal took fright, knocked the man down, and the wheel of the buggy passing over the lower part of his body, in flicted serious injuries. "Walker was admitted into the Adelaide Hospital ou Friday, where he now lieB in a preoarioua state. 