The Orangemen, the Catholics, and Mr. Parkes. When some fnenda fall out, honest men come by their own. Had not Mr. Parkes alienated the affections of the Orangemen by touting for the Catholic vote last East Sydney election— had he juot fallen out with several of his old friends, we wight have gone on believiug that however treacherous he might be, there intist be soiuo depth of trpachery from which even his nature would recoil. It hua been said that the devil himself is not de void of some good qualities, and we thought that Mr. Purken might have lud some latent feeling for «n old and tried friend. Whether wo are right in 0111 suspicions tlmt, after all, these rumours nitty be true, depends upon the amouut ot credibility to be placed ou the statements which Mr. Buchanan and others made in the. House the other night. We will state shortly *vhat was then stated, and leave our readers to judge for themselves. When tile friends started together to see if they coi\ld gain the confidence of anybody at MiKigee, there lived near 'the town an old friend of Mr. Wearne'n, whose private life might be minified by corn, and whose public life by an Orange. This man possessed such influence ovec the Oi'uuge Lodges that be was regarded as un important man at elehtio neeriug times. The friends approached htm at once. After a short conference, a treaty is said to have been struck, which easily ac counts for Mr. Purkes's return, for the elation of the Orangemen and their subsequent uuger, aud for the strange rnmouis that he had se cured his return l-y mean!) of an unprecedent ed piece of treachery. Mr. Buchanan stated in the house that tlie support of the Orangemen at Mudgee was guaranted to Mr. Parkes on the condition tftat he would give a pledge never to take Mr. Butler into any Ministry. By thus selling his old friend behind his back, it seems, he managed to secure his return. Then came Mr. Forster's motion censuring the action of the Martin-lioberston Ministry in the mat ter of the Border Duties,, and the consequent dissolution. Knowing that in the order of things Mr. Forster would be sent for, Mr. Parties is said to have written to his political pawnbroker at Mudgee, asking him if he might take a sent ia the Ministry alongside of Mr. Butler, so long as he (Mr. Parkes) did not form the Ministry. What answer he re ceived to this letter is not known, nor is it of much consequence. Mr. Forster failed, and Mr. Parkes himself was sent for. Little did his dupes in the country understand their man. Mr. Pat kes was now member for East Sydney, aud the Oraoge vote at Mudgee was no longer necessary to him. They were therefore, thrown overboard ; and the fiiat man be called upon wax a r. Butler. In the debate in which this was brought our, a most characteristic circumstance ncour red, which inclines us to to think that Mesam. Onflow and Buchanan's statements were based on positive knowledge, and not on mere hear say. Our readers are probably aware that no one knows the value' of documentary evidence as well hs Mr. Parkin. While Mr. Buchanan was telling the damning tale, Imlntues of the House could see that Mr. Patkes'^face did not wear as pleasant a visage as lon-- practic under similar circumstances generally makes it to wear. . But however disturbed he may have been in his mind, however anxioua to find Bome way to encapp, he did not then dare to open his mouth. Mr. OiibIow rose next, and in the course of his speech, stated that Mr. Buchanan had seen Mr. Parkea's letter Riving the pledge. This was a mistake which Mr. Buohanan at oncecorrected by saying that he bad not wen the letter. Now, it wan not until after Mr, Buohanan had made tbii ad mission that Mr. Parkes dared to deny the truth of the charge. Then, with that look of injured- innocence of which he is micli :i dex terous master, he assured the house that the charge was inlse. Taking 'our knowledge into consideration, we cannot but regard this aa a most conclusive piece of eri deuce. Our- readers must decide for themselves which they will believe — M.r. Parkes' asser tion which no one, not even his friend aud follow sinner, Mr. Woarne, was prepared to support, or the assertions of Messrs. Buchanan and Onslow, and of several creditablu wit nesses outside the House, supported as they are by a mass of collateoal evidence, all of which points to the truth of the tale. If the charge is true, what a curious psychological study Mr. Parkea' character must he ! Mi. Butler had been for years bis firm friend, yet he was willing to sell him in oder to buy the Orange vote. He reached power, and once more Mr. Butler was necessary to him ; there fore, without the slightest scruple, he sold the Orangemen in their turn. Three years ago at Mudgne, there was no such Protestant iu the colony Jts Mr. Parkes. The recollections of the Kianm ghost, and of listening through O'Fai'rell's keyhole seemed to come o'er him like ' murmurs of the scream.' Once more did he command the Protestant vote, and once more did the Protestants pay dearly for their folly. Times changed, and Mr. Parkes changed too. When he came before Eant Sydney the other day, he wanted the Catholic vote, and — such is human credulity — he got it. TIih afi'eetion of a man of many loves is not to lie trusted. The safest plan' is to keep him at arm's length by kicking his pimps out of doors. The man who robs Judas is not a desirable friend for Peter. Catholics would be far wafer if they plaeed confidence in a man whose political career will bear the light of day, even if he is not very profuse in his promises, rather than a man]who is faithless to all alike. 'How Mr. Parkes could have acted witlrseeming cordiality with Mr. Butler, and have met him, daily at the same table as an old friend, after selling him behind his buck to the Orangemen at Mudgee — how he could have touted amoug the Catholics at East Syd ney, after promising the Oran«emeu at Mud nee that he would leave the Catholics practi cully unrepresented in the Government of the country— how be found the face to deny the tmth of the charge only after he discovered there was no documentary evidence forthcom ing — these are all mysteries of Mr Parkes' nature which it is impossible for us to fathom. But thp.ie they ate, unless Mr. Parkes is to be believed. If the Catholics of New Sduth Wales do not take warning, if they again commit the egresia error^which they were inducecl to commit at East Sydney'tbe other day, HkeJMr. Parkes1 former friends, they, too, will be sold when it suits his convenience. — FreemarCs Journal. 