SATAJST IN THE ClfiCUS. In the Queensland Times, a Brisbane paper, we find the following amusing trial which took place some time ago, occupied the attention of one of the courts of law: — Desmond v Batty —This was an action for £15 for personal injuries. The plaintiff was Jeremiah Desmond, laborer, residing in lower Grlasheen, and the defendant was Mr. Thomas Batty, the proprietor of the circus performing in Great, Greorges's-street. The process stated : — ' The plaintiff claims £15 dam ages for loss, injury, and damages sus tained by the plaintiff through the care lessness, negligence, and mismanagement of the defendant, he having in his circus in Great G-eorge-street an animal called a camel, his property, which animal he, in the month of December, 1871, negligently and carelessly permitted fo escape and break from the said circus, and wander through the streets and up to the lower Grlasheeu road, where the said camel did force its way into plaintiff's house, and there injure, knock down, and bruise said plaintiff, by which injustice he has been put to expense and loss of time.' Mr. Hayes for the plaintiff, and Mr. J. T. O'Connell for the defendant. The plaintiff, on being examined, de posed that on the Friday before Christ mas he was sitting at the deoir of his house on the Lower Gla^heen road, minding some pigs' food. His wife was at work within the house. He and his wife had been talking about ghosts and the devil, and about half-past 6 o'clock, while they were so talking, 'a queer thing' came up to the door. He screeched, for he did not know what it was — he thought it was the devil — (laughter). It had a long neck, big lejja, and a hump ever so big on its back. He screamed, but he could not stir — he was so frightened. It put its long neck and its two front paws in, and crushed him against the door with its shoulder. It got in a coupe of feet inside the thres hold, and left; the prints of its paws there. Mr. Hayes: Why didn't it go in further? \- Desmond : Oh, sir, the hump — (laugh- terj— tne nump was so Dig ne coma not get in the door. (Renewed laughter.) I got such a fright 1 was not able to eat as much in three days as in one day before. (Much laughter.) How did he get out ? He backed out the same way as he came in. I could do nothing to him. Cross examined by Mr. O'Gonnell : What did you think you had before you when you saw it ? The* deviL (Loud laughter.) I believe you had been talking about the devil? May be I wpr. (Laughter.) But were you ? I wor. (Much laughter.) What put the. devil into your head that you had been talking abont him ? Faith I could not tell you. But what sort of a thing was it ? Ob, sir, his neck was as long as from this to that box (pointing amidst roars of laughter to a jury-box about 15 feet from him.) Had he any thing about his neck ? Faith be had a hump on his back ever eo big, and he had long legs, and eyes, and a big mouth. ^More laughter.) Do you see anything, in the court that you could compare, him to? I don't then, I'm sure ; wwhen - he ' came in the door I would give all in tbe world to get him oat of my sight. (Great ? laughter.) Did you get up off the chair P Indeed then I didn't— a better man than me could' not do it. (Senewied^langhte^ Did you attempt io shove J him 7ou$ ? Tj did not attenjpt-to.shpvej^ittf^lit^f did j nothing at all toiiun^for I w« afraid of! my |jfexT)f him. . Faith if yon had - bayo nets you could do: nothing »t ailj -tq- him.' {Great laugEte£.)cr:I washot able r to go to wor^iOT^onr^feyff~*fterrfi^r rX;gofris: pain in my heart Trom him. (Rbsri of laughter:) .; :; /-_._ Mrs. Desmond (wife ofjfche plaintiff)! said : My baeband on the sight in ques tion was minding some pigs' food at die door, and I was at work inside. All . at once I heard a. bitter screech out of him ; I looked down and I saw the thing ^ a blow ' me with his jaec]c stretched in as for as he could stretch it. ' Oh,' says I, * pray to Almighty God, for its nothing good.*'- (Laughter.) 'May the Lord prejsarrejour soul,' says I, and I fell down on my knees in a fit. (Soars of laughter.) Did you ever see the likes before? Oh, no, sir. What happened then? The boys about the place took it away. Cross-examined by Mr. O'Connell: What were you talking abont when the animal came to the door ? My husband was blaming me for being out so long, and he was talking about ghosts and the devil. When I looked and saw the animal, says I ' it is the devil is there, now, surely.' (Shouts of laughter.) Mr. Hayes : That is the defence at the other side your worship — that it was the devil there and not the camel. (Laughter.) Mr. Gregg : Didn't your husband say to you just before, ' The devil take you.' — Witness : He did, sir. Mr. O'Connell : Is he in the habit of talking about the devil ? Well, he was , sir ; he was too often in his mouth, as I often told him. (Laughter.) Didn't you think it a just judgment on him. that the devil should make his appearance to see him under those circumstances ? Wisha, I suppose it was sir. He was after call ing on him too often, and it was serving him right. (Laughter.) Has he been talking about the devil since? He has not sir. (Laughter.) His worship considered the plaintiff had received damage on the occasion, and gave decree for £3. 