JAPAN. By recent numbers of the Japan [?] kindly placed at our disposal, we see that the good news of a peaceful solution of the difference between China and Japan is amply confirmed, and lim given tbe greatest utfafaotioa to bott * Japanese and foreigners. The term* are on in demnity of 600,000 toefa to be pdd byOkina; Japan to evacuate Formosa, and China to pre vent future eutragM an ttepart «f aborigtnd •avagea. The Gazette any* :—" In ane inspect the victory Is bnt smdl, inssmaeh as tte amount to be paid b but a amaU oun oom pored with tbe expenre sbe lv. been put to. But in every other point of vbw «4*aV tfae viotory fa great, and! ougfat to be appreriated by aU oountrb*,-wboM eotnmeree stretohea into theM seat. -What America and Krg*lM?*l both dbtinetly *-a^f) fn doing, Japan hu done;' i.e., brought China fto .a * mom *of her rituation,' To America uid England she deebred dm wa* irreapondbb for the act of tbe aborjgind Fonneaana. Bat Japan oompelled her dbtinotiy to .acknowledge ber respondfaOity; fo pay a heavy tram for port neglect and to promtoe to exercise a proper police anpertidon over those coasts for tfa. future." Okubo,tte Minister who concluded the negotiation with tbe Tring- U-Yamen, to Pekin, returned to Yoko hama on the 27th of November bat and wm reedved witt great honor and re jni rang*. Although the Japaneae Govunmaot taove ao aaooeaafoUy and utbfMtorQy diej-iariil of China, tbey are threatened bjr a far mote grave difficulty in tfae dupe of a dvU wu. Tfae Oasette aay*:—"Whilst a Japanese force woo actusUy in arms on the Island of Formosa, and tte Government was taking active measure*, in expectation of a atrnggte with China, tim Samourel remained outwardly quiet Indeed, to a somewhat embarrassing extent, they offered their aervicea to the Government uid rather demanded than aaked to be employed. A war with Chin* hod no tenon for ttem o* a doss, and they by no means join ia tte re joicing* ever tte establishment of peace. Already, m the peopfa*. ardamalinn* aubride, the murmuring* of the old fighting men begin to be heard. They are dfaaatiefied with tbdr condition; and, not knowing how etberwfae to vent tteb apfaen, tbey complain of the arrangement made by Okabo. and declare hb minion a failure throughout Tbb fa the spirit tbe Government hu now to deal with; and what dupe the dfaoontent of there peopfa may atmun. alreadr give* oneadnem to official qnarteia It fa supposed that the improved -* prospects of petee and amity between Core, and Japan, and tfae auceeeafnl operations of tfae ooldfan suit to Formosa, wfll have n,ab the Government strong; and that the army and ' navy wfll now be stanch and relbble in oase of any trouble. But in reaUty, ne one can say v- trom day to day bow events may turn men's mlnda Should the Samourd roue any spirit* atirring cry that at oil appealed to the old ■ nationd feeling, they have many lv tbe ranks of the army wbo would refuse to oppose tbem, even if they did not aotuaUy join them. Thb fa the cloud that now begins to darken and hover over Japan; and we mention it that our rnoiloia ahould not .appose that the removal of tfae Chinese difficulty leaves the political horizon of Japan quite dear." Yezo lim hi herto been aupposed to oontain rich gold fields; tbb summer's survey, how ever, ahowa the report to have been muoh exaggerated. The most promising field b on the Toahlbeb River, to the province of Iburi, and fa about three and one half square mUes in extent yblding from four to six cents per cubic yard. In Hatsumai, on the Musa River, ia a plooer deposit, yielding thret to five cents per cabb yard. At Isaahi, Sfalrabishi province, and at Uragowa, are also slight indications of the existence of the predout metal, bat not in tafficient quantities to warrant working. At Tokotehi wu aaid to be the richest field in the Idanl It wu here that Enomoto spent last summer, washing gold aanl It wu reported that tta gold could almsat be ahoveUed up on the beach. This summer one of the American engineer* washed about 59 toes of tfae sand, but did not get v much gold a* oould be put on tbe point of a knife. In one amsU pbee, however, it panned out at the rate of about 50 dollars per cubic yard, but showed evident indications of having beea "salted;" and the gold obtained re-ambled much that of the Sado mine* The Japanese teem to be a wonderful race, and to possess a remarkable tenacity of life. A venerabfa female, aged 71 yeora and 10 montfaa, named Kikn, the mother of a farmer of Sakitama Ken, who ana were to the name of Kaguhima Maujiro, had beea Ul from May to tin end of August when she died. Family and friend* were assembled, and the priest hod just been called for, when the body moved in the coffin in whbh it had been placed. Overjoyed, the rebtions of the "deceased" lady took out the body, which gradually re sumed the functions of vita'ity, and although ahe never quite recovered, tiie old worn in held on to the thread of life for 19 days, whea she gave ap the ghost ia earnest The wife of a farmer at Shishlmo- mun, Shima, lately presented her " better-half" with "triplets." They were called Ume, ~ Jn -^s-? Main, and Toki (Plum-tree, Pine, and Bom fa00), fay ttm-edvfae of a " wiae-man." The sum of five yen wm presented to the mother by the Keneho, for the sustenance of the children. Thou who have an opportunity of knowing, report that condderiog the interrup ions oaua-d by theBtate duties. HIM. the Mikado is making very sotisfoo oryprogreti in German, his teacher being a Japanese. In Cfalkumo Ken. on oU hu been discovered which, whib partaking of the nature of patro. bam, fa much mere safe to bare. The driver of the " tw<i-*tori.il" omuibus ia Yedo ho* been fined forty yen. for running over a child and rearing ita death. The parents of tfae ohild appealed to the Government to for givd tte m in. v It wu clearly no fault of his: the ohUd'a time had come, and he would have dbd at any rate. The reply wai, that the man moat pay the fine, to make him more eare'ul for tte future. 