and while with hushed and reverent spirits we wait the Lord's time, and would humbly seek to follow in the Lord's way, we would still con tinue in prayer, crying unto Him, 'Re member us with^that favour that Thou bearest to Thy people. 0 visit us with Thy salvation.' Bat while the past year has been distinguished by those wonderful demonstrations of quickened spiritual life in Britain, it has also been marked by the promulgation of certain philosophical hypotheses in relation to the phenomena of the material world. Maay theories broached in the studies of men of science, discussed in their Club* and canvassed in the higher periodical?, have at length been gathered up and given forth to the world as the latest findings of scientific research — as the most advanced reach which philosophy has been able to make into the border-land of mjstery which lies around us, and of which mystery indeed we ourselves form a part. For one thing, it is announced (though the announce ment is not new) that the material world is its own creator; that a personal, intelligent, loving God is an existence not necessary; the world evolved itself out of something, it is not deter mined what that something was; but not out of nothing, because tx nikilo tukd fit Particles of matter came into astonish ing combinations. Tney could not do otherwise. They obeyed Iaw9 which had established themselves somehow, no one can tell how. The particles, atoms, or molecu'e*, which no one had made, came under laws which no cue had enacted. But the laws being mightier than the particles kept them in the constant whirl cf evolution — kept these molacule3 in cfmafem gyration until certain gase& were formed, such, as carbon, azote, and oxygSB. These in combination with one another, and in combination with, the pre-existing atoms, gave birth to life— life of a low lype, but from wnioh in the coarse of aeons of duration other forms of life spaas. We have no disposition to exag gerate, and in relation to such matters we are in no mood to caricature. Indeed, £ must be permitted: to gay that I have no sympathy whatever with that air of tuspicion and distrust wiih which.* the advocates of revelation some times regard the labours of scientists and philosopher?. I can have no part either in that belligerent attitude or in that armed neutrality which is not usfrequently assumed towards the patient sou cf science who hare consecrated their lives to the discovery and elucidation of the laws and relationships cf the material world. X honour them in their coble calling, I revere their memory when they depart, and with grateful heart I accept their authenticated conclusions. What regions of radiant existence have they not discovered! What illustrations of Divine wisdom, power, beneficence, and majeaty have they not grouped and placed within reach of those who decry them mest, the theologians! From many a mount of scfecce, shrouded in clouds and darkness, ha7e they returned, bearing tablets written ad over with characters which speak for ever of the wiEdcm, power, beneficence, majesty of the Creator God. But with all my veneration for these sages and the high estimate I put on their labour?, I must be permitted (and 1, too, form part of the 'Cosmos* to be accounted for) to decline their latest authoritative manifesto as accounting for the ultimate forces and fonn3 of matter.and as leavingcomparativelyunaccounted for the phenomena of consciousness and mind. With my innate ideas of congruity and fitness— with my natural instinct to link effect with causa— I -cannot., from the first principles of my nature, come to believe that this world in its ramified and delicate mechanism— that mind with its powers of thought, with its sweep cf imagination, with its play of fancy— that consciousness with its solemn feeling of responsibility— that identity, continuing intact amid ceaseless change, can at all, with, any show of philosophy or reasoz), be ascribed to the unconscious gyrations of a molecule or the imroflate pro-existence of an atom. The mind receives a shock in all its sensibilities when even the hypothetic alternative is submitted— the Jehovah of the Bible or the Atomiezn of Lucretius and Dr. TyndaiL It would be unpardonable if in our remarks, which are chiefly of a retrospective character, we fchould omit a reference to the now faxous ' Expostulation' of Gladstone, and the tStci it has produced on Roman Catholic and Protestant minds. As our limits are already exceeded it i* only a reference to this matter which we can make. It sterns very apparent for one thing from the expressions of surprise evoked by Gladstone's disclosures that the Roman Catholic system in its spirit and claims is only imperfectly under stood by many of the leaders of public opinion, both iioman Catholic and Protestant Ali honour to Koman Catholics of the L}rd Acton type for their manly, outspoken, British senti ments. At the same time it would appear that they have been living with only a dim aai partial apprehension of what the ecclesiastic system is to which they have all their lives belonged. They seemed to believe what many anicDg ourselves beliave, that whatever tae Papacy may have been in the past it ia ai innocuous system now, meekly seeking to occupy a place side by side with other ecclesiastic, systems, and only claim- ar equal rights &i-;\ privileges with then. Recent proceedings ail recent utterances of those in authority havo tone what emphatically dissipated this allusion. The equivocal cemphmeut of having becom; modified by the lapse of time is refused, atid the aceredittd exponents of th syttem. come forward in our day t- avow tin. tame dogma?, urge the sam9 claims, aid fuirue the same policy, wherever possibb, which wrapt the middle ages in tha torpor ot social and spiritual death* It appears to m? that what is needed at present among other things is some way by which, without wounding feelicjr, or dealing harshly with prejudice, fuller Hahi liiigbt be thrown upon the wonderful, deeply -ramified, many-sided system of the Papacy. . To our view the basis of this Alliance fotms a vantage-ground fcr such an enterprise. At all events, by the united aspect we present, cue of the chief charges against Protestantism u removed. The answer to the fact that Prc testants are ranked in conflicting sects, and tho argument which Koman Catholics base upon i , is to be found in tha proof that our real defe rences are not by any means so great as is alleged; that there is substantial agreement among us in ail mattera of fundamatitU importatance; that the differences which do exist, arise from the abuse and not the right use of the Word of God. The argument is complete and conclusive as a matter of speculative discussion. But it is fitted to become much more effective when th? substance of it is embodied in a visible, pal pable reality; that is, when there exists an Evangelical Alliance in which members cf various sections of the Protestant Church openly and explicitly profess their harmonious concur rence in the fundamental doctrines of Christianity— in what may be said to constitute the religion of Jesus, and to be therefore the true mark of fcHis Church— xh-.n they plainly love each other for the truth's sake that L- Li them, and co-operate in promoting the coxonn salvation of their ena Lord and Master. xFroai a basis so broad it seems to me tliat efostira efforts could with facility be mvle to spread abroad a fuller knowledge of the Papacy. Tae system, viewed as a subject of intellastiui investigation, or aa a matter of argumentative discussion, is not by any means, in eva^y point of view, the preposterous and despi cable thing which many are apt to reckon it; and events are transpiring in Quick succession on the Continent of Europe, and in connection with the legislation of Great Britain, which seem to concur in forcing, the peculiar claims of the Papacy upon general atten tion, and in urging t« more thorough acquain tance with it in its spirit and aim. What we plead for is simply that tha system be stud^d and known. Another year in the history of alliance has passed away- We gratefully acknowledge the varied opportunities it h« afforded of meeting with brethren, different it may be in denominational designation, but o le in heart and sympathy and aim. Howdelignfc ful to meet as brethren in Christ, to meet thus in free 2nd unfettered conference, to bow together at a throne of grace, to go forth in co-oparjiti -a in woiks of beneficence. May the union -f heatasdaan 'be rendered stronger and nvs coffipreheiisiva daring. the year to come;. a. i though aa separate sect* we may pitch, uir^ teutai-oaewhat apart, a* did the tribas ofjoii,* ttEl Hk* tKem nny weseethepjllar ofetyvi a ;4 of fir*- :w a. ijlcry in. pur midsf» *8pe|king fit truth in lose,' may we strive * keep jhe, unity, ot the Sptrit in the bund of i-eaea.'; As nuny %i walk by tbiirute, peace be upon tham and men/, OT«n nfcn all the Utad of Qjd.' ( appjauje.) THE CHATBXAN-ELECT. The Bev. J. Henderson then resigned the chair to the Bev. J. L. Parsons, the Chairman elect for the ensuing year, who said he felt it would be very frigid on his part if, after receiving such a proof of the confidence and esteem of his brethren, he should take the chair in unresponsive silence. The position was in his view the most honourable the Churches had at their disposal, and he wished therefore to express his deep sense of the regard and trust his election implied. 'I wish also to say,' he con tinued, ' that it is peculiarly gratifying to me that the closing months of my ministerial life should present thus prominently that honest unity with all true Christians which throughout its course I have cherished and maniftsted. The Christ in whom I have believed and believe is one in whom no church can claim a monopoly, and the Gospel I have t«ught to preach has been a Gospel which no denomination can circumvallate with a creed or label with any fpecial trade mark?, and I believe this to be the true Christian temper and attitude. (Hear, hear ) The New Testament indeed recognised no man as a Christian at all who is not full of love, humi ity, and tolerance, and who does not conwder others better than h:mself. But, thoogh I mention this, I do not think I am one whit in advance or one atom more sincere than my brethren around me. No man, there fore, as I understand, may, because he holds certain views upon Church polity, or the proper tests of membership, or up^n the mode or sub jects of an ordinance, may on either of these accounts be shy of or much less wrangle with those who think differently, unlesp, indeed, he agrees with that strange apologist for a testy and quarrelsome spirit who boldly affirmed that with out controversy great is the mystery of godliness, nuaning that only controversy could clear the mystery up. But the kingdom of God 13 not meat and drink, neither is it order3, nor orgarjiza tionF, nor ordinances ; but it is righteousness and peace and joy in the Holy Ghost. Every Christian man is in fact the brother of every other Christian. One may pride himself upon a fancied superiority in direct lineage and culture, and may even disown the othe ; yet they are members of one family, children of one Father, brethren of one Saviour; and though the prcud and bigoted may scorn and despise the humble and charitable, yet he cannot prevent these also from claiming to be of the same spiritual kith. And happy is he who meekly bears disdain and disownment, and yet reverences (hat kitsbip which makes those who act sga'nst their spiritual nature brethren still, and loves them notwithstanding-. The imperfection of the human faculties makes finality in knowledge impossible. And the histoiy of Christianity 1a the times of the Apostles, and in every oentury since, furnishes incontestable evidence that identity of opinion is not to be expected, even if it be to be desired. And when we consider hew widely men differ upon the meaning of words, upon the fcrce of arguments, and even upon what are termed ascertained facts, how vain an idea uniformity in religion becomes. In political economy, in law, in philosophy, and science too we see men of honest purpose and sound judgment arrive at very different con clusions. And when we remember that tha Christian faith ia based upon a Book which give3 an account of the genesis of the material universe and of the origin of life, which touches the profoundest questions in metaphysics, which is concerned with all the complex relations of practical ethics, which reveals how man fell from innocency, how he is to be restored to God, and what he is to believe and do, and which embraces in its scope the solemnities of the cloee of life here, the dim region of Hades, and the conditions of eternal existence, we can only marvel that any'man who knows men, or any Church which professes to derive its authority from the inspired writings where the possibility of difference* of opinion is clearly recognised, should ever dream that absolute identity of belief is possible. At best we only see the reflection upon a mirror dimly. At best we know only in part, and if any man think he knew? anything be knows nothing as he ought to knew. At best we are to remembsr taat Christ has other aheap which are not of this or of that Hock. At best we are commanded by tha Great Head of tbe Church not to forbid any to call themselves His disciples, and to work for Him, tven though they do not follow with the Apostles themselves. However, firmly any nwy be convinced the Church to which they belong is the tiue representative of the religion cf JeEus, yet if in other Cdurches they see men 'ifted out of sensuality and intemperance and imligiciuness they ought to hail their work as good. It is surely better that men should ba sober, honest, and God fearing, however fa-iity their creed may be deemed, and however irre gular the order of the ministry they attend may by considered, than that tbey should be vici jus or dishonest or worldlicgs or infidels. The Naw Testament plainly teaches that men are to exercise the right of private judgment Every man is to be fully persuaded in his o^n mind— be is to prove all things, and no one is to judge another, for to his own Master he stands or falls. And I think the great mass of men are weary of the strife of words, of bigotry, of intolerance, and of excommunications. Tuey agree, and I agree with them in the main, with tbe elder Hood, who rebuked a sour-aiin led theological critic of his day by telling him:— 'A man may cry ' Our Church/' ' our Church,' at every word, with no more piety than otiier people.' And then adds — 'A daw's not reckoned a religious bird because ha ke p- a-cawing from a tteepie.' And it is this eter .a! clamour of ' Our Church, our cree«l, oar orders/ and the isolation and the nnchristiauizi ag of others which it be^et°, which give3 at least a .-how of truth to that terriblest of modern epigrams—' Christianity has failed; men must return to Christ.' While, however, I plead for the fullest and broadest tolerance, I trust I shall not be numbered among the ap:»t!es of tha medern Diana of Doubh Doubt, however sincere, is a crafession of ignorance, and surely doubt is not the ultimata development of the human intellect or of the soul illuminated by the Holy Ghost. - Tha things that are written were written that we nny know, net that we may doubt. Aud- though there may be a delicious fascination in seeing the paths of truth through a misty haze, yet the pilgrim who has taken his staff and set out on the search for certainty will olimb higher and over higher, where the disturbing vapours lie fir below, and will wait and watch there till the sun has cleared them away, and the whole expanse of truth lies clear about him, with not a cloid between. No couplet in the English tongue his teen so perverted as that one which is so oitm quoted to excuse the pertest conceit and tie shallowest scepticism— ' ' There lies more faith in honest doubt, Believe me, than in half the creeds,' It is as fake to wrest that out of its connection and vse it as a complete axiom as it is to say ts men, 'Work out your own salvation/ ami not to add, 'For it is God who worketh in you both to will and to do of Bis good ploaure.' For of him of whom this honest doubt is predi cated the Laureate says :— ' ' Perplext in faith, bat purs in deeds, At last he beat his music out, : He fought his doubte, and gathered strength, He would not make Ms judgment blind ; fie fared the spectres of the mind, ?And laid them: thus he came at length . To find a stronger faith his own.' 80 must the perplexed push on through doubt to faith that we may know the things which are freely given to us of God. Even then we must net count that we are already perfect. But whereto we have attained we are to walk by the same rule and mind the same thing, and thus might be emblazoned on the title of our Alliance. And while we read it there we patiently expect and hope that in things wherein we are other wise minded God will reveal even this unto us.' (Loud applause.) Mr. Parsons then expressed bis hope that the ensuing period would be successful. BBUGIOUS LIFE AT HOMB AND ON THB CONTINENT . The Bev. J. Lyall spoke on the aspect of religious life as noted during his recant visit ts Qreat Britian and the Continent. Having pronounced that his observations hid been of a superficial character, he said ho was favourably impressed with the large amount of religious interest evidenced in London and the variety of work in progress. Scepticism was not very apparent, though it existed largely in high places, and many men who though they did not go to the length of denying that there was a Uod, still said it was impossible t» prove His existence, and applied the same argument to the immortality of the aoul It wm said that this should be the outcome of enlarged tho ight. ViewB of this kind had not, however, taken hold on any very considerable number of the English people. The attendance of the working classes at Divine service was not so huge as could be detired, but the love of the Bible seemed to be retailed. A great deal of work was carried on in tbe great city by the force of Christian enterprise, and in illustration of this Mr. Lyall gave several apt illustration?. His stay in Scotland was during the time of the revivalistio movement ; and even among the Highlands, which he frequented in preference to the centres of population, a spiritual awakoniiig was evi dent. He mentioned that in Glasgow 3,300 people were brought to a decision for Chi is t during five moaths, an£ of these 1,67C were men. The Press in Scotland spoke very respectfully and favourably of the vroik of Messrs. Moody and Sankey, and though one of the leading Glasgow papers once sneered at the revival, yet after a visit to the meetings the editor ceased hostilities. Tbe Melbourne Argui had recently hoped that Victoria would be ' spared tbe infliction' of a visit from the Revivalists, and some men here were inclined to tieat the movement with scorn; but if multi tude; of men in ScotlnhJ and England had been, through Messrs. Moody and Sankey 's instrumen tality, induced to turn from the paths of sen. suality to those of virtue, surely every man in this colony who had regard for God and the gcod of his fellow-men ought to join the ranks. (Hear, hear.) In France Mr. Lyall merely noted a painful laxity in the observance of the Sabbath, but in Italy his observations were more extended. The people cf tbe northern districts were vaiy hard-working, and with good govern* ment would be noble. They had laboured for centuries ucder misrule — priestly and political— but now an improvement had commenced. Commerce was increasing, and schools were Fpnngiug up on all sides. There was plenty of religious show and foim, but the great bulk of the people were estranged from the Church, and little piof pect offered of any revival within the Church of Rome, though thuy would rejoice if such were the case. A good deal was, however, being done in the quiet preaching of tbe Goepel, and the most powerful agency in this direction was the Waldocsian Church, which had made considerable progress. The Free Church parts in Italy had a system of government that might ba described as Presbyterian-Independency, and w*s making headway. There were probably more Christians in Rrme now than when the Apostle Paul began his labouis there. A vcte of thatiks having been, on the motion of the Bev. P. Maciaben, seconded by the Rev. J. Ltaix, passed to the retiring Chairman, the session was adjourned till naxt day at 2 o'clock. TEE LVAyGTEUCAL ALLIANCE. , Fjkst Dat: Mokdat. Mat 17. The annual meetings of this organization were begun on Monday evening, May 17, when the' Stow Church Lecture-Hall was we.ll filled. On the platform were the Bevs. J. LvalL Presbv terian; C. B. Sjmes, B.A., Congregational; D. Linley, Methodist New Connexion; J. L. Parsons, Baptist; and J. Henderson, Presbyterian, who presided. i ANBTAL BSFORT. The Bev. J. McEwnr, the Secretary; read the yearly statement as follows :— ' The history of the Alliance during the past year has been somewhat eventful, and has been marked by several features altogether new. The last ? ANNUAL MEETING was held in Pirie-street Lecture Hall, on Monday evening, the 12th of May last The President, Bev. W. P. Wells, occupied the chair, and delivered an address on the wants of the Church, which were characterized as greater spirituality of mind, greater unity, ^ greater zeal, greater enthusiasm for Christ, and above all a greater measure of the Holy Spirit's influence. After the reports for the year had been presented and the officers and Committee appointed, the President - Elect Bev. J. Henderson, was introduced to the chair, and addressee were given by the Bev. C. B. Sjmes on Sabbath Observance, and Kev. P. Maclaren on the Revival in Edinburgh. On the Wednesday evening following the United Communion Service was held in the Franklin street Methodist Church and was largely at tended. Beference was made in last year's report to the ministerial prayer-meeting which was held on the last Monday of the month, but which was languishing greatly. At the close of the annual meeting a few of the ministers waited to ta% the matter over, and it was determined to hold instead a NOONDAT PBAYEB-MEETINO, which was at first intended to be monthly, but was almost immediately converted into a weekly meeting, Pirie-street Lecture Hall was kindly offered for the purpose, and with varying success the meeting has been continued through the year, except during the extreme months of summer. The attendance, which is growing, has not hitherto averaged more than 30, and it is felt that there ought to be many times this number of Christians in the city able to spare one hour in the week from business to devote to prayer. A list of subjects for prayer has been prepared; ministers have been appointed to conduct the meetings; Mr. Sankey's hymns have been procured, and a choir of young ladies organized to lead the singing; and we appeal to Christians to give the meeting life and power by their presence. Another feature of interest in the past year is THE VTCEK OF BFECIAL SERVICES, which were held in the Town Hall in September last The City Council kindly reduced the rent of the Hall to £10 for the five nights, which sum was paid by Mr. George Fife Angas, who is always forward to help in every good work. Special hymns were printed for tho meetings ; two short, pointed addresses were given each evening. All the city and suburban minister! cordially united in the services, the large building was well filled each evening, and although no immediate results were reaped, yet it was felt that much good had been accomplished. It is probable that the services will be repeated in a few months, when an effort will be made by the introduction ef the enquiry meeting to bring to a decision at once those upon whom impres sions may be made. The great event of the year to the Christian world h&s; been the extraordinary work of the American Evangelists, HE8SBS. MOODY AND BANKET, in Britain, a work which seems a larger repetition of Pentecostal times. A iiugstestion was made that these brethren should be invited to visit Australia. Falling in with which your Committee forwarded to them by the March mail a cordial and urgent request to that effect That request should have reached its destination during last week ; but, as most of you are aware, Messrs. Moody and Sankey, in answer to a prior invitation from Victoria, have already signified that after their return from America, whither they will go for a short time after their stay in London, they will probably visit Australia. It is hoped that perhaps some time during next year we may expect if God will, to welcome them to our shores. In the meantime, however, the attention which has been drawn to the question of the revival of the Lord's work in our midst has done good, and the Conference to be held to-morrow is partly the result of this. 'In November last united prayer meetings were held simultaneously in North and South Ade laide, and were well attended. In February last the Alliance invited tho Churches of South Australia te observe Sunday, 14tb, as a day of public thanksgiving to the Lord for the bountiful harvest This invitation was very generally complied with, and on the following Wednesday evening united thanksgiving services were held in Adelaide and North Adelaide. The attention of your Committee having been called to the abuse of the night permit system, they waited as a deputation upon the Chief secretary to urge that a more stringent supervision should be exercised in this matter, and that the power to grant such permits should be confined to Police and Special Magistrates, who are to some extent amenable to Government authority. The deputation was courteously received by the Chief Secretary, who promised to use his influence to carry out the views of your Committee. ' If the past year has been eventful THE COMING. TEAR will probably be more so. We meet in Confe rence to-morrow to consider seriously the present low condition of religion in the colony, and to ask what means can be adopted to remedy this state of things. It will be the duty of the Com mittee to endeavour to carry out whatever reso lutions may be arrived at, and in resigning our trust into your hands we claim for our successors your sympathy, your prayers, and your practical support' FINANCE. In the absence of Mr. G. W. Cotton, the Treasurer, the Secretary read the statement of accounts, which showed that the income had reached £31 4a. 7d., and the expenditure left a debit balance of £6 13s. 2d. The Bev. C. B. Stmes, in moving tke adoption of the report and accounts, referred in compli mentary terms to the efficient services rendered by the Bev. J. McEwin, the Secretary. The motion was seconded by Mr. G. Hance, and carried. OFFICEBS AND COMMITTEE. On the proposition of the Bev. C. Linley, seconded by Mr. J. A. Bagshaw, the Bev. J. L. Parsons waa elected President, the Bev. J. McEwin Secretary, Mr. G. W. Cotten Treasurer. The Committee was constituted by the Revs. J. Henderson, J. Bickford, J. LyaU, F. W. Cox, J. Jefferis, LL.B., J. B. Stephenson,P. Maclaren, H. T. Burgess, C. B. Symea, B.A., C. Linley, W. P. Wells, T. Hope, Messrs. W. C. Buik, J. Colton, G. Hance, F. Hann, T. W. Harris, S. McGregor, D. Murray, J. Smith, J. Scott, & Whitmore, and J. A. Bagshaw. CHAIRMAN'S aDDBBSS. Tbe Bev. J. Henderson, the retiring Chair man, then eaid : — ' In now retiring from the office of President, which through the courteous indulgence of the Alliance 1 have been honoured to hold for the last twelve months, I beg to acknowledge very gratefully the prompt and ready co-operation of the officers and Committee in all matters submitted to their consideration. The transactions of the part year have not been of so marked a character as to demand special observation, and yet the report just submitted touches upon one or two points to which a pawing allusion may be permitted. Special services have been perseveringly maintained during the year, and regret is expressed that the moral and spiritual results appear to be so com paratively small. Comparatively few conversions can be reported, and the various sections of the Church lament that so few tree and tangible instances of the power of religion can be announced. Now, while it fa to be hoped that the Church will never forget that in relation to the mats of ignorance aid superstition and irreligion around her, her attitude murt always be aggressive. By the terms of her commission she must 'iver go forth and strive to reclaim the moral wastes for Christ; yet it must not be overlooked that the Church can only be aggressive in proportion as she herself is united, sound, and vigorous. If corruption in doctrine has weakened her, if seductive innuenoes have led her away from her mighty resources of faith and prayer, if a worldly spirit Ium dwdouedhcx piety, srJI aggro* ?ke ; action most be desultory and ? ajmlou, an I - under such conditions there need be little iur- ;? prife that there are few conversions to chronicle. ?'. But if answer has not been as we had/ , expected, it must not be hastily concluded that ; we have been waiting upon the Lord .in vain. . God's plan of providing blessings for us is to ' fduca'e the capacity which is to receive them* - ?? When the blessing comes not in the way wo have desired— when we are taught to wait, and learn while we wait that He can answer prayer \- above what we atk or think,' then our faith becomes stronger, resignation sinks into a deeper attitude of reverence, and all the stronger powen of the soul arouse themselves and put on armour to endure hardness as good soldiers of Jt sue Christ The special blessing asked may be withheld; nevertheless prayer is ans wared in the bestowment of a graoo taken from a richer repository of the Divine stores, and . . bringing with it a fresh rnvealment of our Father's love and wUdom. These months past : we have been with * one accord' praying for a fuller outpouring of the Divine Spirit that Hi«r ordinances might be more largely blessed to the- conversion of sinners, and that as of old ' multi tudes might be added to theChurchof suchaashall be saved.' And we are well nigh in despondency because the result is not up to the poor measure of our desires. But the good Lord may be answering us in another way, and above what wo ask. His eye, which looks through the whole universe, may dessry a coming danger to the Church itself, to meet which something more is required than the ardour of new converts or the enthusiasm of young disciples. His eye may discern on the not very distant horizon the mus tering squadrons of the foe, and to meet tho -- onset He knows that other resources must be depended on than hasty levies and raw recruits. If He is seeking to put His people upon a lesson of patience, teaching them to 'cease from man and to have a more implicit dependence upon Himself ; if He is speaking to the veterans in His service, firing their zeal and bidding them hold fast that which they have attained ; if He is by His process ef waiting building up His people in the faith and love and knowledge of their Lord, is He not, both In what He withholds and in what He bestows, manifesting to us His wisdom and goodness ? It is our conviction that in tho demand for the evidences of religious life among us there is often manifested something approach ing an unreasonable impatience. Why this craving for statistics in relation to such high matters ? Why disappointment when these can not be furnished? Is it forgotten that those moral and spiritual experiences are of suoh a nature that they do not readily report them selves ? The progress of a soul from darkness to light cannot be traced as infallibly as light and shadow in a landscape. Conviotion lodged, con viction deepened, vision cleared, a faltering resolution rallied, hope brightened, joy increased, doubt dispelled— these and spiritual experiences of a kindred nature are not to be tabulated and told off with the certi tude, and not unfrequently with the flippancy, of an invoice read off in a market-place. Interests of a nature so spiritual and solemn refuse to be measured by any of the fallacious standards of earth, and it is an unwise Christianity which would seek to reduce them to suoh estimates. When spring is abroad renewing the face of the earth, we care not to count the gorms it has burst, tbe dull roots it has vivified, the buds it has formed, the leaves it has unfolded. The very exuberance of the life it has evoked, the myriad forms that life assumes, the opulence, the profusion of vital power it displays oa the light hand and en the left baffle all attempted estimate and mock all our powers of computa tion. And in relation to moral and spiritual reeultej let us not put dishonour on them by seeking to sum them up under any arithmetical formula?, or by voting that they shall grow and unfold themselves only to such a limit and along such ecclesiastical trellis* work as we shall determine Reference has already been made to the great awakening in Great Britain. Viewed in some of its relationships, it presents to the mind one of the most arresting subjects of thought which the century has produced. It challenges tho attention not only of every Msotion of the Church, but of scientists and the literati, philosophers and statesmen. Small and unpretending in its beginnings, like tbe mountain rill, it has in creased in volume and momentum as it rolled along, sweeping prejudice and misoonoeption from their course till it is now gratefully acknow ledged as a mighty living stream, not only reviving to the Church, but also imparting a wholesome influence to every social and national interest A revival of religion to many among us is a thing not at all to be desired. It is associated in some minds with much that is repugnant to good taste and good feeling. It suggests scenes in which the proprieties of life and the solemnities of religion are set aside, and where all is excitement, extravagance, and hysterics. Extravagance has no doubt attended' some of the great revivals of the past, as was to be expected where deep emotions were stirred. Human infirmity will always reveal itsolf, even side by side with some of the greatest works of God. But, after all those irregularities, wbat are they but the froth upon the wave while the strong deep tide was flowing steadily be neath, bearing the generation onward to calmer latitudes and balmier climes \ Of what account at this day are the extravagancies which attended the revivals of the last century or the century preceding while their permanent benefits remain to blef s the Church and the world ? It would almost Been-j as we look back on the last three or four centuries of the Church's history, that it was established as by an ordinance of Heaven, that each century should, in succession, be visited with copious showers of Divine grace, and that each Bhould impart to its successor the impulse it has received, not only undimuushed, but on a principle of hiqh dynamics, accele rated and increased in proportion to the in creased spiritual power in the Church and the increased enlightenment of the time?. In the sixteenth century, when Christianity seemed almost dead, a Divine breath passed over Europe, and then arose tke great revival of doctrine and life which we have since desig nated the Great Reformation, the direct effects of which we trace to this day in all our religious, political, and social institutions. In the seven teenth century, when a period of worldliness and decay had succeeded to tke first life of the Reformation, arose the great Puritan revival, aad the direct influence it imparted is acknow ledged to this hour in the tone of our theology, the ministrations of the pulpit, and the spirit of our religious Press. In the eighteenth century, when throughout Great Britain a few godly men here and there in the north and in the south were lamenting the general decay of piety, the weakness and corruption of the Church, the great revival of the last century sprang up, the remediate effects of which were an unpre cedented quickening in every branch of tbe Church, and the fervour and zeal of Whitefieldi and tbe Wosleys came like an eloctrio shook upon a formal and lifeless age. Those revwalfi; were not confined to a single nd^» bourhood, nor did they terminate in a ssason. They were national; directly or indirectly they actuated the entire population north and south. The collective effects of those revivals who can estimate? Not only did they bring a rioh revenue of glory to the Lord in the salvation of souls, but they touched every department of social, intellectual,, and political life. They aided in forming British character, in giving stability to British institutions, and in gieatly elevating tbe tone and temper of Britah influence among the nations of the earth. In the great awakenings of this nineteenth century we see much that is full of promise, accompanied they may be by some thing that are not desirable and marred by that infirmity which Btains all human instrumen tality; but we feel assured that the impulse1 which they will impart will be most salutary and lasting. That impulse we desire to feel Every Christian instinct ia touched, and rise* to a sympathy with' those scenes. In those worka of grace and truth which are now sweeping with a gathering tide of blearing over our native laad we desire most earnestly to share; fa other words, we wish to rise to a higher level of faith and love and power then we now occupy. Our desire is to realize the) highest, truest, strongest form of Christian life. We greatly need this quickening. Believers may formally be added to the Church, but we fear that the tone of piety Is lowered by the worldlinean of this bustling age. There may be silent accesBions to the faith, but there ii no eminent measure of spiritual revival. The dews may descend in silence on the Lord's heritage but tbert are so tbundant ib/men of bleidng 