THE GHOST -A TRUE STORY. ArTrn saying good night to my hostess and her nephew, the only people who now occupied the dwelling save ser vants, I retired to my bedroom. It was a small room, papered with dark paper, which gave it a very gloomy appearance. A dressing-table, a wash stand, a chair, and a long double bed, completed the furniture. A small wax candle that burnt on the table gave but a dim light and left more than half the room in shadow. It did not take me long to get into bed, blow the candle out, and prepare myself for sleep. Alas, that sleep was long,in coming. Just as I was dozing, I heard a slight tap, which appeared to me to be in the room; it was fol lowed by two or three more. I was now wide awake, listening for the sounds to come again, but they did not. I was a little uncomfortable and felt for a'match to light the candle with, but could not find one. I began thinking, and tried. to make my thoughts wander home; how I would like to be there; what they were all doing, &c.; but. I could not, my thoughts would not"go beyond what was now passing. I tried again and again to make them wander,- but they would not. The lady of the house was a little cracked, so most people said, and I thought. The place altogether had a dismal aspect. Could this be the room in which Mr -- .died? Most likely, for the lady of the house was sure to remove to another room and leave that one for strangers; and following this train of thought I made myself feel very uncomfortablb, if not a little frightened. But in time my mind wandered away of itself to other things. I forgot whore I was. I was thinking of other days, and just on the point of going to sloop, when-Tap, tap, tap, in the same place, but louder than before. The house was haunted. I covered my head in the blankets, my flesh crept, my hair seemed to stiffen on my head; I trembled, and a cold perspiration btremed from my skin. I remembered, or at least I thought I did, to have been told that the place was haunted, and that a ghost had been seen ; and I thought that the ghost was about to reveal itself to me. Tap, tap, tap, a long low moan and a rustling as of some one about to rise from .bed. The ghost was coming, I almost fancied I felt its presence ; I almost shrank within myself, expecting every moment to have a cold bony hand laid upon me. I felt certain that some grim 'figure clothed in white was standing at the bedside. It was no use trying to hide from a ghost, so with a wild thrill of excitement and a daring that nothing but despair can give, I turned round and looked. The ghost was not there, I saw nothing, all was darkness. 1 lay trembling and listening for the sounds again, and soon they came A rustling, a moan, a few muttered words, and then all my fears passed away. I remembered that there was a room adjoining mine on the side from which the noise came, and that I had seen someone retiring thither for the night. J. R. W., BunnA. 