1 the impending struggle. "Arid 'Great Babylon came in remembrance : 11 before Grid;" — Rev. xvi! 19. Let the reader note the signs of the. times.' By some wonderful1 and unexpected, we might- even say, providential turn, one of the greatest' of .living statesmen has . suddenly entered the lists against Rome. He has,, it is true, taken only the purely political and social bearing of' Popery ; but he has put his mark upon what, to all students of Popery, is a well known fact — that Rome assumes an imperial authority in every country,' arid, therefore, that a Roman Catholic; loyal to the Pope, cannot, at the same time, bo loyal to the civil government of his country, if the interests of the two should clash. The Pope claims allegiance from every baptized; person. Our readers will riot make the con fusion of which Cardinal Mannirig is guilty,' namely, of thinking that allegiance to the Pope means allegiance to the Lord Jesus Christ. Jesus Christ said, "My kingdom is not of this, world," and one of his Apostles said, "The kingdom of God is not meat and drink, but righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost." The Pope says that allegiance toRim- involves an unquestioning submission to all he. declares or commands; and condemns all in- , dividual judgment. Jesus Christ said,. "Why even of yourselves judge ye riot what is' right !" "Judge not according to -the appearance, but judge righteous judgment." And one of; his Apostles said, " I speak as to wise men ; judge ye what I say." "Judge in yourselves." It cannot be that two teachers and two systems so diverse can bo otherwise than brought into conflict if they seek to occupy the same ground arid to exercise their own proper influence over men. Arid, now, what is the outcome of all this ? i ' It is this — that 'Popery ; has flung away' the scabbard, and. has now entered upon a fight' for supremacy, we .may, almost say,: for. exist-;, erice. One of the daily papers (Daily .Telegraph) , crihtairis this notable ' critique1! upon Mr. jGlad- stone's- last ' brochure on' Vaticanism':— "He justly .believes that ! Vaticanism must soon pro duce a .great, effect ; when; it is preached jbyithe: largest body of clei'gy in the world-. Already , the effect is as clear as it is sad. The old) mild form of English'" Catholicism is disappearing, making room-forthe heat'edTtaliahl creed which enjoins absolute( subserviency to,the,Pppe..ijThe scholarly, tolerant' race of priests! who thought much more about the 'moral law thari. about the subtilities; of their 'faith; and who' sought 'to live' peacefully with all men;, is. disappearing, and in: its place .we see troops of., zealous, intolerant ecclesiastics. We have no desire to exaggerate the importance of the; change.1' " We f do" riot' believe, as wo have already said;' that "it will' ! permanently , alter . . the ; political conduct ' of ; ' nations. But it ..yill introduce; most dangerous: t elements ' of social' 'disturbance. . ,'l.t will. give a . white heat tri Voltarian R'adicalisrii, i as it has already done iir'Ffahce/ " It will teridtolo'ck' ' the. wheels .of 'the. State .'.with the . .bands:: of a' ' fanaticism. which . is ; reckless of, : consequences; s It will'raise rip a foreign sect in the midst of. : every people, arid thus compel statesmen to pass laws which may be absolutely necessary". ' ' Tne Vatican can receiye no permanent gain from all .these elements ..of; .disturbance,.- but; the ... State, may Ipse much!!" . . All this is'terriMy true.' / Thoughtfrii Protest- .'ants have long foreseen itj arid riow it is begun/ Witness, Germany, ,'i a Anyhow, whether Englishmen, will. or. will, not; help in this matter, they will- have to fight it out for 'themselves ; for Rome means no child's play now. Armed to the teeth; :it is not' merely Manning or Capel, ; Cullen : or McHale or Vaughan, that intend to invade, the sanctuary of English homes and conscience, .but the, whole, organized force of their followers; some even within the lines of1 the Established Church' it self. If one of i the Pope's latest utterances -be correctly, reported, .we - shall have a weapon that . must not be neglected.,. .He: has proclaimed. to the world, in his address to tlie parish! .priests of : Rome, that1 Rome is indeed the' mystical Babylon of Scripture. Indeed, he 1 puts ' lier 1 claim more strongly than perhaps he intended. He tells the priests that. St. Peter wrote from Rome, whatever heretics may (say, and called it 'Babylon, : ' ' The ' Church, 1 which ' is in Babylon, 'isalute3: you land' 'then, as if with prophetic .voice, the (in ,this , instance) infallible inanadds': —"I, also, write .from »Rome, and putting, 'without, difficulty,' the sariie. date and designa:. tion; ' say, ''The ' Church of Babylon 'salutes you.':".ri:v ;i:: We accept the last sentence. It is true.' 'For once. -the . Pope, . has spoken , and , confirmed the words of the'Hrily Spirit— " The woman is that great city'which reigueth over 'the' kings of the earth.". ;q-.s:' :o' » -' - >; . The writer <qfj-the.;artiole-iiu".the Quarterly- Review, .on the speeches .of Pope, Pius IX.; :may now add 1 this— ' ' the most notable, ! the t most . dammng; because the'most true;"' . ' 