TENNYSON'S QUEEN MARY.* The telegraph informed us some weeks ago that Mr. Tennyson had surpassed himself in his new poem, and now that it lies before us we are able to echo the assertion from this aide of the world. We cannot help regretting, however, that he should have chosen a sub ject which recals with such vividness the old battle between the creeds, especially as he depicts only the cruelties perpetrated on one side of the struggle, and reproduces some of these with needless and revolting minuteness. One might almost think he had .been emulous to follow Mr. Gladstone into a field which a poet ahould not enter. On tke last page of the play the words ' ' The Papacy is no more ! followed by ' Are we so sure of that V look almost like a political hit at one ot the 'burning' questions of the day. This is unworthy of a great poet, who should aim at higher things. Until the publication of the ' Northern Farmer' his readers were hardly aware of Mr. Tenny son's dramatic power. He has now proved it beyond all (juestion, and unless we are very much mistaken we shall soon hear cf the triumph of his tragedy upon the stage. He has done for Mary what Shakspeare has dona for eo many of our English kings. He has resolved all the events of her reign into the compass of a drama, and one of Buch power asd beauty that it is not unworthy to stand side by side with the works of the great mssier himself. The story is .well told and the characters are drawn with powerful and scute discernment. The verse, in the Elizabethan measure, is terse and vigorous, and the lines Jiow easily with a wonderfully flexible and varied rhythm. The action of the poem gathers power as it proceeds until in the latter scenes it rises to a height cf passionate despair which only reaches its climax in the announcement— 'The Queen is dead.' Tennyson takes the same view of the character of Queen Mary as Froude — one differing in many essential features from the ' BlociSy Mary.' of our childhood. He portrays her as a woman of strong affec tions and noble impulses which are cruelly 'jangled out of tune' by the hard blows of early adversity. ' Her life was winter, for her spring was nipped.' Her intense love for her mother has produced an equally intense resentment against the religion which she looks upon as the origin of that mother's wrongs, and she deems her self sent to put an end to heresy, 'And lead The living waters tf the Faith again Back through their widow'd channel here, and watch The parcVd banks rol'ing incense as of o'd To Heavtn, and kindled with the Palais of Christ.' Her passionate and romantic lore for the cold and politic Philip of Spain, which he repays with harsh indifference and dislike, adds to the distraction of her mind, and becomes a powerful instrument to urge her onward in her career of cruelty and persecu tion. The scene opens with the babble of the popu'ace, who are gathered together to see the coronation procession pass by, and who dispute in a puzzled way about the word 'legitimate.' And here we must protest against the need less coarseness of the hnguage employed, as well as the brutality described in some other passages of the play. It may be said that these are not equal to the coarse ness and brutal deeds to be found in Shakspeare, and are unquestionably charac teristic of the time. This is no doubt true, but we do not expect a mere photograph from the hand of an artist. He must pene trate below the outward shows of things. The coarseness of language which was common in the days of Mary and Elizabeth was bo doubt compatible with tha highest morality of act and purpose. But it would not be so now. The modes of speech of that time have now happily so completely passed away that they have gained a significance which they had. not then, and to put them in*^ poem intended for modern readers is to^ro them undue prominence. We want to Bee thing3 as we should have seen them had we lived then. It b impossible to ?r^- from us the culture which has Ken the growth of centuries, and therefore it is the duty of the poet and artist to subdue * ' QTtaN Mabt, a drama by Alfred Tenny son.' London, Henry S. King & Co : Adelaide, E.S,Wfggfc8on. the minor details of evil, otherwise the spirit of truth becomes entirely obscured by the letter. In those days, when coarse words were habitual and people saw their Fellow-creatures hanged or burned daily, the language which ia shocking to us would have passed unnoticed, and such a story as that told in the 5th act, of the mother whose ihild wm bom ia the midst of the flames, would probably have called up oxily a little extra thrill of horror, while to us unprepared by such harsh experiences it is unutterably revolting, and cannot be subdued into a mere accessory or episode to the drama. 1 his is the one blemish in a noble work ; but although we feel bound to call attention to it, it must be understood that it is only in rare instances that it is prominent. Ihe first act of the play is devoted to showing by the talk of the populace, the gossip of the courtiers, the forebodings of Dranmer, and the voice of the preacher at Paul's Cioss, the difficult position in which Mary was placed at her accession. She is surrounded on all sides by self-seeking and untrustworthy counsellors. We see Cour tfcuay coquetting with rebellion and in earnest about nothing; Elizabeth warily holding her own against the dangers that beset her; the Chancellor Gardiner resolved to keep bis place at any cost, hating the Pope and. the idea of the Spanish marriage, yet extra vagant in protessioiia of fealty to the former, atd hypocritically withdrawing all objection to the latter the moment he under stands the Queen's wishes; Renard, the crafty Ambassador of Spain, praising up his master irhilip 'as an angel among angels,1' while he secretly despises him, and laughing it the Queen behind her back for ' the folly sf all follies, to be love-sick for a shadow ;' ind Noailles, the emissary of .Prance, ?cattering papers in the palace for the Queen .to find, and to suppose they come from the people — such as, 'There will be no peace for Mary till Elizabeth lose her head,' and ' Long live Elizabeth the Queen' — secretly urging the people to revolt, and then serenely calcu lating that ' If Elizabeth lose her head That makes for France. And if her people, angered thereupon, Arise against her and dethrone the Queen, That makes for France. And if I breed confusion any way That makes for France.' Mary has no true friend to rely upon. Even her ladies who love her dare not speak what they think about him whom they expect to be their master, Philip. Her people hate Spain and the Spanish marriage; but they are torn with fears and jealousies, and have no faith in any one, only they love the Lady Elizabeth. They are quite willing that Wyatt should kill the Queen, so that 'she be killed a little further off.' They jest at the Pope and Papacy, yet hate the 'hot gospellers,' and crowd to see 'the burning' wavering between Protestantism and Catholicism, and believing in neither. Mary cannot understand them. She wants tome one to lean on and to love, and naturally turns towards the kins man of her mother with longing hope and thinks the objections to him come only from a party, 'for to wed with Spain would treble England.' Her heart is full of kindness at her accession. She greets her Bister lovingly, pities the Lady Jane Grey though shocked by her heretical speeches, and will not hear of putting her to death until the crafty Kenard tells her that Philip ' will not come till she be gone.' Then she yields, masters her Council by her strength of will, and the first act ends with her ex claiming, half-fainting from that effort, ' My Philip is all mine.' The second act depicts the insurrection of Sir Thomas Wyatt, when Mary is saved by her own firm bearing and trust in the Lord Mayor and the citizens of London. The numberless executions that followed, includ ing that of the Lady Jane Grey, are de scribed in the third act, with the marriage of the Queen in scarlet shoes 'As if her feet were washed in blood, As if she had waded in it.' Then comes the Papal Legate, her cousin, Cardinal Pole, to reconcile the country to the Church, followed closely by Mary's hope of an heir, and her happiness is complete. Her soliloquy of rejoicing hi very tine : — ' Oh, Philip, husband, now thy love to mine Will cling more close, and those bleak manners thaw, Jhat make me shamed and tongue-tied m my love. The second Prince of Peace— The great unborn defender of the Faith, Who will avenge me of mine enemies He comes, and my star rises. The stormy Wyatts and Northumberland?, The proud ambitions of Elizabeth, And all her fiercest partisans— are pale Before my star ! The light ot this naw learning wanes and dies : The ghosts of Luther and Zuipglius fade Into the deathless hell which is their doom Before my star ! Bis sceptre shall go forth from Ind to Ind ! His sword shall hew the heretic peoples down ! Bis faith shall clothe the world that will be hie, Like universal air and sunshine ! Open, Ye everlasting gates ! The King is here !— My star, my son 1' Her happiness is soon over. Philip and Gardiner urge her to burn out heresy as a religious duty. The gentle Cardinal Pole remonstrates in a passage which it would be well if some of those of our own day who rail at 'honest doubt' would remember— ' There lie two ways to overy end, A better and a worse— the worse is here To persecute, because to persecute Makes a faith hated, acd is furthermore No perfect witness of a perfect faith In him who persecutes : when men are tost On tides cf strange opinion, and not sure Of their own selves, they are wroth with then own selves. And thence with others; then, who lights the faggot? Not the full faith, no, but the lurking doubt. Old Borne, that first made martyrs in the Church, Trembled for her own gods, for these were trembling.' His remonstrances are vain. Gardiner rakes up against him an old charge of heresy, and he himself is guilty of the very crime that he foretold. The fourth act relates the persecutions, with the death of Cranmer, whose closing speech ib conceived in a noble spirit. In the fifth act Mary's troubles come thick upon her — more insur rections, her cousin Pole deprived of his Legateship and cited to Rome for heresy, Philip gone and Calais taken. Hope fails and sickness comes upon her. Mary's character is drawn throughout with great delicacy. Philip is her evil star. She goes on loving and believing in him, while he cares only for policy and plots a marriage with her sister Elizabeth, to take place as soon as Mary is dead. When the Queen entreats him not to go away, he will not listen till Kenard warns him that if he angers her the people will take her part, and he be ' not so well holpen in his wars with France.' Mary says:— ' Me thinks that would you tarry one day more (The news was sudden) I could mould myself To bear your going better; will you do it I Philip— jaadam, a day may sink or save a ? realm. Mary— A day may save a heart from breaking '? too. Philip— Weil, Simon Retard, shall we stop a day? B enard— Your Grace's business will not suffer, sire, For cne day more, so far as I can telL Philip— -Then one day more to please Her Majesty, Mar$ — The sunshine sweeps across my life again. 0 if I knew you felt this parting, Philip, Ab I do ! . Philip-- — By St James T do protest, Upon the faith and honour of a Spaniard, 1 am vastiy grieved to leave jour Majeaty. kirn os, is supper ready]'1 The closing scenes when she hears of the loss of Calais a»d at last understands her husband's perfidy, are grand in their intensity. We can only quote one passage, closing our extract with one of Tennyson's perfect lyrics — Eatery's Nicholas Heath. Heath — I bring your Majeaty such grievous sews I grieve to bring it. Madam, Calais is taken. Mary— What traitor Epoke ? Here, let my cousin Pole Seize him and burn him for a Lutheran. £ tath— Her Highness is unwell. I wfll retire. Lady Clarence— Madam, your Chancellor, Sir Nicholas Heath. Mary— Six Nicholas ? I am tttunn'd -Nicholas Heath? Methonght some traitor emote me on the Lead. What said you, my good Lord, that our brave English Had f ailied out from Calais and driven back The Frenchmen from their trenches ? fyath ? Alas ! no. That gateway to the mainland over which Our flag hath floated for two hundred years Is Frarce again. Mary—— So; but it is not lost— Not jet. Bend out : let England as of old Rise lionttke, strike hard and deep into The prey they are lending from her— ay, and rend The renders too. Bend out, Bend out, and make Musters in all the counties; gather all From sixteen years to sixty; collect the fleet; Let every craft that carries sail and gun Steer towards Calais. Guisnes is not taken yet? 27eafA— Guisnea is not taken yet. Mary—— There yet is hope. U+ath—Ah, Madam, but your people are so cold; I do much fear that England will not care. Metbicks there is no manhood left among us. lla)-y — Send out ; I am too weak to stir abroad : Tell my mind to the Council — to the Parliament: Proclaim it to the winds. Thou art cold thyself To babble of their coldness. 0 would I were My lather for an hour ! Away now — quick ! \Exit Heath. I hoped I had served God with all my might ! It seems I have not. Ah J much heresy 8helter'd in Calais. Saints, I have rebuilt Your shrines, set up jour broken images; Be comfortable to me. Suffer not That my brief reign in England be defamed Thro' all her angry chronicles hereafter By loss of Calais. Grant me Calais. Philip, We have made war upon the Holy Father All for your sake : what good could come of that? Lady Clarence— 21o, Madam, not against the Holy Father; You did but help Kin? Philip's war with France. Your troops weie never down in Italy. Mary— I am a byword. Heretic and rebel Point at me and make merry. Philip gone! And Calais gonei Time that I were gone too! Lady Clarence— 'Say, if the fetid gutter had a voice And cried I was not clean, what should I care? Or you, for heretic cries ? And I believe, Sf ite of your melancholy Sir Nicholas, Your England is as loyal S3 myself. Mary (seeing the paper dropped by Pole)— There, there ! another paper ! S*id you not Many of these were loyal ? Shall I try If this be one of such ? Lady Clarence— Let it be, let it be* God pardon me! I have never yet found one. [Aside. Mary (reads)— 'Your people hate you as your husband hates you.' Clarence, Clarence, what have I done? What sin Beyond all grace, all pardon ? Mother of God, Thou knowest never woman meant so well And fared so ill in this disastrous world. My people hate me and desire my death. Lady Clarence — No, Madam, no. Man— My husband hatea me, and desires my death. Lady Clarence— No, Madam; these are libels. Mary— I hate myeelf, and I desire my death* Lady Clarence— Long live your Majesty ! Shall Alice sing you Oce of her pleasant songs ? Alice, my child, Bring us your lute {Alice goes). They say the gloom of Saul Was lightened by young Daud'a harp, Mary— Too young ! And never knew a Philip (re-enter Alice). Giro me the lute. He hates me! (SI: sings.) 'Hapless doom of woman happy in betrothing S Beauty passes like a breath and love is lost in loathing: Low, my Jute; speak low, my lute, but say the world is nothing Low, lute, low! Love will hover round the flowers when they first awaken; Love will fly the fallen leaf, and not be over* taken; Low, my lute! oh low, my lute! we fade and are forsaken Low, dear lute, low!' The Cut Subvetor.— In our recent article upon the charges laid against the City Surveyor we professed ourselves unable to state in what way a means had been found to avert the dead lock which had arisen in the proceedings in con sequence of the refusal of the Mayor to put the motion for enquiry so long as the resolution calling upon the City Surveyor to resign remained unrescinded. We have since been informed that the next step was taken by the opponents of the City Surveyor. Availing themselves, as they had a perfect right to do, of the powers given by clause 48 of the Municipal Act, four Councillors, Messrs. Wright, Stacy, Madge, and Hagedorn, presented a requisition to His Worship the Mayor on Tuesday last, re questing him to convene a meeting of tho Council, to be held on September 10, for tfce purpose of hearing all charges and complaints that the Council or any members of the Council might prefer against the City Surveyor. Had Hia Worship refused to comply with this request the requisi tionists could by giving certain public notic93 have themselves convened tho meeting referred to. After taking some time to consider the matter, however, the Mayor intimated hU willingness to call the meeting, aud the charges were accordingly forwarded to the City Surveyor, so that they might reach him seven clear day3 before the date fixed for tho investigation. The Theatre Royal,— The now famous play 'Struck Oil' drew another crammed hsuse on Saturday night; indeed, on the seventh repeti tion, which is an uncommon run for a piece in Adelaide, there was a greater crush in at least three parts of the building than on the first re presentation. It is scarcely necessary to add that the well-known points were heartily appre ciated, and enthusiastically applauded. It is a really gratifying fact, and one which ia worthy of notice by all caterers for popular amusement, that tbe Adelaide public will support high class entertainment of almost any description whea properly placed before them. ' Struck Oil' will again be given to-night, and we can cordially re commend lovers of the drama who have not yet seen it to visit the Royal, when they may be sure of baring a true epitome of every-day life with its joys and sorrows brought forward by capable artiste. The Rabbit Nuisaxce.— Dr. Muecke has handed us the following translation of a pro posal which, he informs us, is about being made to the Government for the destruction of iabbits:— 'The undersigned being an old forest officer of Germany, knows a sure and easy way of thoroughly destroying the rabbits which hiva become a disagreeable nuisance- in some part3 of the colony, and is willing to makt the same known for a gratification of say £120. Tae payment of this amount fa required only after the efficacy of the mode of destruction, which is inexpensive, and requires only some labour, has been proved. The undersigned would, if the necessary travelling expenses were advanced to him out of the above sum, undertake the per sonal direction of trials on one or more sections infested with the said nuisance.— A. FlEDLEB, BE5.— Tanunda, September 1, 1875.' Pmsektahoh at Pou Apilatjok.— Batwau 30 and 40 person* met at the Portland Hotel, Port Adelaide, on Saturday ertcinp, September 4, to honour Mr. J. Williams, builder, by pre senting him with a ulver tea service and an addreis engrossed on vellum by Messrs. Dempster and Webb. Mr. W. Quin, M.P., presided, supported by the guest, hia foremai, Mr. Leggett, Meeere. Dempster and Webb. There were also present, besides 28 employe* of Mr. William?, Councillors Beattie and Bridgman, Messrs. Ere, Kitson, and Hardy. After tfae customary opening toasts, Mr. Dempster gave and Mr. Quin acknowledged ' The Parliament.' Mr. Leggett, in proposing 'The Health of the Guest,' said he had known him for ten jean, during which time he bad been employed by Mr. Wiliiama, He bad found him to be Honourable acd straightforward, not exclusively studying his own interests, but having due regard to hia workmen. By industry, energy, aud perse verance he had risen to be an influential em ployer of labour. He bad been requested by his fellow-worktra to make the presentation. The inscription on the silver was— ' Presented to Mr. J. Williams, builder, Port Adelaide, by his workmen as a mark of esteem, September 4, 1875.' The address testified to the respect engendered by the honourable manner in which tbe guest had for many years acted towards them, thereby establishing that mutual confidence between master and servant which they trusted had been conducive to the advancement of his business. The toast was received with musical honours, and cheers for Mr. and Mrs. Williams. The Chairman b.avir--? made a few eulogistic re marks, Mr. Williams responded, expressing great pleasure because of the nattering marks of respect received, not so much an account of the intrinsic value of the gifts as for tha good feeling shown. He had been a journeyman, did bis best then for bis master, and now strove to do well for his employers. He believed that the workmen did their beet for him. Tho present he would keep for the rest of his life, and would leave to his sob, who be trusted would look upon it with satisfaction. He wished them health, happiness, and prosperity. Mr. Webb humorously proposed 'The Town and Trade of Port Adelaide,' which sentiment was acknowledged by Councillor Beattie, who spoke of the capacity of the Port and compared it with Glasgow. He remembered the Clyde as fordable where now large ships were able to lie. fcr. J. Williams proposed 'The Workmen,' and Mr. Boundy replied. ' The Ladies ' were proposed by Mr. Kent, and responded for by Mr. C. Williams. Mr. W. E. Ma'.tiuson, in a concise speech, gave 'The Visitors.' Coun cillor Bridgeman acknowledged. The proceed ings closed after sundry other complimentary toasts had been given. Rail and River.— It ia stated that on tha Victorian railways a considerable reduction is to be made forthwith in the rates for the carriage of agricultural produce, and the Argus says:— ' In order to secure the Biverina trade a special arrangement will be made whereby the station stores for that district will be carried at a lower rate. At the present time, owing to the high railway charges, large quantities of station stores are sent up by river through South Australia,' THE Rivikina Trade.— In the race for the trade of Riverina New South Wales intends if possible taking a forward place. A recent issue of the Sydtiey Morning llirald has the follow ing:— ' Rumours current relative to the in tended policy of the new4Government of Victoria are stimulating the progress of trial surveys towards the South Australian border. It is said that our southern neighbour* purpose adopting the extreme policy of an export duty on wool. If this is done it must tend to send Riverine produce to this port, and our Government wish to be prepared to meet the traffic.' Alluding to the railway exten sion question the Eathurst Free Press says:— ' Contemporaneously with the steady progress of the railway works to Bathurst and Orange wa find that the Government are pushing forward trial surveys, with a view of further railway ex tension westward, with commendable zeal. Already the line from Orange to Dubbo has been surveyed by Mr. Cowdery, and now instructions have been received by that gentleman, as we learn from the Luhbo Dispatch, to proceed with a surrey to the Darling. It will thus bo seen that the Robertson Government are endeavour ing to put into practical shape the ideas so fre quently and forcibly expressed by their leader in the House when the subject of railway exten sion formed the theme of discussion. The exten sion of the Western line has hitherto had but a secondary place in the minds of the Government of the colony, who appear to have laoked upon the South as the portion requiring the most attention ; and the result has been that the West has only received favours which could no longer be withheld from it. Most of our readers will remember the protests and petitions that were necessary before the authorities would grant the requisite sums for carrying on the work in its different : stages over the Blue Mountains, and they will aUo remember the lenient way in which lazy contractors have all along been treated. The railway will bo open to Bathurst years after it should have been, and although the loss to the district may be reckoned as very great, the loss to the public Treasury, as a comparison of the profits of the Southern and Western lines will ' show, has been vastly greater. We are glad to see therefore that thero is an ovident desire on the part of the present Government to extend the railway into the intarior. Their policy in this particular at any rate is good, and as it is good so it will prove to be profitable. Victoria has well nigh stolen a march upon New South Wales. She has extended her railways in order to catch the trade on the Border between the two colonies, and should the Southern and Western lines at present in course of formation reach the termini within the time intended by the Government, it will be found that they have not been pushed forward too soon.' The Indian Motinkebs.— One by one the mutineer leaders are beint; caught Dalili Khan, the duffedar of the old 12th Cavalry, has been tried at Patna, and sentenced to be hanged. He, with a few others, headed a portion of the regiment in mutiny; and Dalili Khan, with four others, attacked the comanding officer, Major Holmes, and Mrs. Holmes, when they were taking an evening drive, and murdered them— cutting off the Major's head. Dalili Khan afterwards took command of the regiment, exhibiting the Major's head to the men on parade, and set fire to the bungalow of Dr. Gardner, the medical officer, who with bis wife and child was murdered. Tte regiment, except 70, who re mained faithful, joined the rebels at Lucknow. Ancient Painting.— A valuable painting has been discovered at Pompeii, and it is said to be the most important yet found in the buried city. It represents Laocoon according to Virgil's description, and the immolated bull holds a place in the picture. The painting is in excel lent preservation. Mb. Anthony Tbollope.— A number of d!s tiBguished New South Wales gentlemen enter tained the author of ' Barchester Towers' at a picnic on the Warragamba, a lovely spot in the neighouring colony. In responding to the toast of his health Mr. Trollope said—' I am very ; grateful for the kind and generous terms in I which my health has been proposed and acknow* ' ledgeeL Throughout my life I have always had ! an ambition rather to be thought a good man | than a great one— to be kindly remembered ; rather than to be admired. I find myself . surrounded to-day, at this party in my honour, j by many who when I last visited tkis colony did | everything to make my stay here a happy one. I feel that I am in the midst of old and de*r ; friends, whose sympathy and kindness it will be '? quite impossible for me ever to forget. Since I ; was here last I have, among other things, pub lished the book which has been referred to in so flattering a way by my friend Sir Jama3 Martin, i Not one of you, gentlemen, knows better than ' myself the defects of that book. It is not an ! accurate book, it is not an exhaustive book; but it I is an honest boek. It betrays no confidence*, I am ' certain. It wounds no sensibilities, it contains ! nothing of which I feel ashamed, and I am sure it contains nothing which could give any human , being pain* Gentlemen, among tbe precious re ! collections of my life I shall cherish the friend* \ ships which I have formed in this country, and I j live in the hope of seeing you all again if I shall becpared to revisit the Australian Coloaiw.' I Fobt Wakefdeu) TbaDB.— The imports at I Port WakeSeld during the week ending Saptem ! ber 4 were 2,641 railway sleepers, 2 loads timber, 20 tons and 3 pkgs. sundries. Exports— 139 bags wheat, 116 pinoposts, 30 bags flour, 9 - ' toss firewood. Thb CBDfrjfAL Sithbgs.— Tb« next Criminal . Ekasion of the Supreme Court will commence on . Tuesday, September 14. There are 32 cases set iown for trial, viz.:— Forgery, 7; larceny, 9; attempt to commit rape, 1; false pretences, 2; common assault, 1; aggravated assault, 2; em bezzlement, 2; horseetealiar, 1; concealment of butb, 1; sewing explosive substance with intent, 1; and perjury, 5. The Mockt Gambibb Tragedy.— We havs received from Messrs. Frearaon It Bro., pub lishers of the Illustrated Adelaide .AV49, a por trait of the late JHL-s Buchan heading a sketch Df the scene of tbe poor girl's murder. Omitting comment upon the questionable taste of such a production, we may remark that the sketch is fairly executed, and the portrait apparently good. Biv. Chabus Clabk.— Mr. R» S. Smythe urrived by the Flinders on Saturday morning as agent for the Rev. Charles Clark, and an adver tisement announces that on Thursday evening next the celebrated lecturer and elocutionist will deliver his renowned lecture on the ' Tower of London' in the Adelaide Town Hall. Mr. Clark will give this lecture in Melbourne for the last time to- night, and will leave to-morrow for Adelaide. It ia notified that his stay here will be very short, as he is under engagement to risit Brisbane at the end of the month ; but hia ippearances will include one night at the Port, the residents ef which place were denied the pleasure of bearing him on the occasion of a former visit to Bouth Au-tralia. Popular Concebts.— The second of a series if cheap conctrts took place on Saturday evening at what is now called the Good Templars Ball in Flinders-street. The attendance wet arge, the singitg was good, and there were several encorea. Messrs. Harrison and Flaherty, ind Mrs. Watson and Mrs. Lenthal were ipecially succesefui. Mr. Watson presided at ihe piano. A New Lndustby.— The Macleay Mercury ayB :— ' The corn husks which we are in the labit of throwing away or burning, we observe ure in other parts of the colony being utilized in ;he making of beds. These beds are considered nore wholesome than most others, and find a very ?eady gale. The smallest children may be use ully employed in preparing the material, and be water carriage to Sydney will be but a riflirjg charge. Will our farmers' wives take ihe hint?' Thi Song of the Shirt Revived.— The writer if English Social Gossip in the Sydney Morning Herald says: — 'There has been a great Eensation occasioned by the discovery that females are employed in making shirts at the price of three farthings each. Of course the sewing- machine is employed, but the rate of remuneration appears eo cruelly low that the unfortnnate workers are coming in for a large amount of popular sympathy. According to their account their earnings range from 5s. to 10s. per week, which they declare to be insufficient to defray the cost of food and lodging. Very likely, but it does appear Btrange that females will submit to Euch miserable terms at a time when such a ieficiency of domestic servants exists in all parts af the kingdom, and when good situations are bo be obtained almost for the asking. In fact, the dearth of female domestic labour is steadily increasing, wages having risen to £18 to £20 for good general servants, 'with everything found; no bocts, knives, or windows to clean; no children; the wasningput out,' &c.; In one adver tisement it was Etated that the servants would be allowed tho use of the harmonium twice a week. What next? Surely it is better to bo a well-paid, well-fed, and lightly-wcrked domestic servant than a half-starved machine worker. But the infatuated females do not view the matter in this light. ' I would rather die than go iqio service,' said one sewing-machinist. 'Why?' ehe was asked. No reply was made save a contemptuous toss of the head. All this is very sad ; but what can we do ? They will not even emigrate, and yot, if they could only swallow their stupid pride .they would be freed from the dangers of starvation. When poor Hood wrote his pathetic ballad domestic servants were more plentiful than situations, it was difficult to get cheaply to tho colonies, and needlework became a necessity to helpless thousands. Now the conditions are reversed. No woman need work, unless sho ploase, at making cheap shirts for the slop shops. There is remunerative work for her in all directions, ltd she would do well to accept it.' Tobchxight Procession and Sehesade.— A. popular compliment paid to Mdlle. de Murska lfter one of her concerts in Melbourne is thus described by the Argus: — 'Tha gentlemen comprising the Metropolitan Liedertafel waited lpon the great singer as she entered her car riage in the courtyard of the Town Hall, and jscorted her with lighted torches to her resi lence, at Menzies' Hotel. The procession took the line of Collins-street and William- street, the ;orchbearers forming a row in Indian file on each side of the carriage, which contained Mdlle. lima de Murska and the Mayor of Melbourne. In front and rear, and at intervals along each ine, coloured fires were burnt. The procession vas attended by many thousands of people, tnd the effect of it, as seen from William itreet, looking down the otherwise unoccu )ied CollinS'Street, was very picturesque. Arrived at Menzies' Hotel, where already a arge crowd had gathered in anticipation of the irnval of tho procession, the torch-bearers ormed a semicircle round the carriage, from vhich the occupants alighted and entered the lotel amidst the cheers of the bystanders. At his time William-street was blocked up by a lenso crowd, extending from Bourke- streot to -elow Little Collins-street. After the singing ncmbers «f the Metropolital Liedertafel, under he direction of Mr. Julius Hertz, had sung Jatton's part song ' When Evening's Twilight,' ddlle. lima de Muraka appeared on the steps of he verandah, leaning on the arm of the Mayor if Melbourne, and repeatedly bowed her acknow edgments of tho cheers given round after ound by the great crowd outside. When these vere quieted the Mayor said, 'I have been equested by Mademoiselle de MurskA to eturn her sincere thanks for the honour rhich the members of the Metropolitan iedertafel have conferred upon her. On -ebalf of this community I think I can issure Mademoiselle de Murska that we all if preciate her great talents. When she arrived lere six weeks ago, the prophecy that was then nade that her talents would be recognised has -een more than borne out. I tbink I may say bat we have all enjoyed a great deal of pleasure n listening to the voice of this great singer.' L'he serenade was then continued, Mdlle. de durska listening at one of the windows opening -n to the verandah of the hotel, surrounded by lumbers of friends. Tho other musical pieces ling were—' On the March,' by Backer, ? Rost, Dearest, Rest,' by Kitchen, and ' The National Vnthem.' The members of tbe Metropolitan [iedertafel were afterwards hospitably enter ained by Signor de Vivo. The whole affair was admirably managed, and reflected the greatest sredit on all concerned in it.' The Eastern Extension Telegraph Cox ?any.— The number of paid telegrams trans mitted through this Company's cable from Port Darwin for the week ending Friday, September ), was divided thus : — Sent from the Sent to the colonies. . colonies. South Australia ? 10 7 Victoria ? .... 18 30 New Soath Wales... ... 15 .18 Queensland ........ 8 2 Casmanla ... ... ... 1 2 New Zealand ... ... — 1 West Australia ? — — Totals ? P2 60 Grand total, 112. The New South Walks Parliament Hocm. —The Sydney Morning Herald understands that advantage will be taken of the recess to improve the ventilation and lighting of the Legislative Assembly chamber, which, for some years past, have been a source of much discomfort to non. members. It is proposed to remove the present chandelier, and to substitute one or more lanterns made of frosted glass, similar to that which lights the veatibule of the House. # The burning glare of the pratent sunlight Is said to be almost intolerable, and to have injured the eyesight of many of the members. The provision in regard to ventilation will include the introduction of fresh air through vertical tubes placed against the walls— a plan which has been found so simple, inexpensive, and efficacious in other buildings. The alterations. will be devised and carried out under the superintendence of Mr. Oamee Barnet, th« Colonial Architect. Cobokeb's Ikquest.— Me. W. Gowicy J.P., beld an inquest at Aldinga on Thursday, Sep tember 3, regarding Mrs. Kkℶ Knight Fidge, who died on the previous day. Mr. T. Peogilly was the Foreman. Tha evidence showed that the deceased was net of temperate habits, ind on the day of her death had drunk much water, which, according to the medical testi mony, produced apoplexy. The verdict waa that the death arose from apoplexy, produced dy partaking of a large quantity of cold water ivhen the system was weakened by intempe rance. Tee Cbakges of Thibty-Kight Years.— Of ihe Ministers who took the oath of allegiance on ler Majesty's accession in 1837,onlytwo members )f the Cabinet survive— larl Buttell then Home Secretary, now 83, and Earl Grey, then Viscount Bowick, and Secretary at War, who is 10 years roucger. A mere striking illustration of the changes which 38 years have wrought in tho per sonnel of our public men ia found in the factthst -f the entire House of Commons of that time, rhicb. was dissolved as a consequence of the Queen's accession, only 10 are to be found in tbe jresent House. These are ^Lord Ernest Bruce, [iord George Cavendish, the Right Hon. W. F. 2owper.Temple, Sir Phillip ^erton, Mr. Kllice, ;he Bight Hon. W. E. Gladstone, the Right Hon. B. Horeman, Mr. Roebuck, Mr. Christopher Tal xit, and the Right B on. C. P. Villiers. Of these Sir Phillip Egerton and Mr. Talbot were members -f the unreformed Parliament, having been slf cted for the city of Chester and for Glamorgan ibirer espectively as far back as 1830. The Santa Cbuz Islasdkbs.— The following ixtract from a letter written by the Eev. J. R. ielwyn from Vanua Lavu, Banks' Group, and lated June 23, 1S75, will be read with interest: -'The Conflict (one of H.M.'s ships) reports laving been at Santa Cruz, in Carlisle Bay, but mable to communicate. The natives were ifraid to come on board, and though they lanced and waved boughs and did all they could a entice the boat's ciew ashore, they in their .urn were afraid of going, and I think very ightly.'_ The Sydney Morning Herald adds:— 'Thus, it seems that some mischief was afoot it that time. Mr. Selwyn — to whom, in common rith every member of the Melaneiian Mission, ind indeed with every lover of missionary work ibroughout the world, the death of the Commo lore will be a sad blow — is expected to arrive in Sydney early in October.' The Sr-ELLiKG Mania.— The local Mercury says :— ' In the event of a ? Spelling Bee' being rot up at Sale a State schoolboy ia anxious that the following words may be proposed — Anthropo- norphitism, auarmophoeu, brachycephalous, :ircumscriptively, circumbendibus, dematerial ieing, deambulatorium, epigrammaticaUy, ety uelogically, fibrocartilaginous, grammatico Historical, idiosyncracy, lexicographical, liber torianism, magniloquently, malcontentedneri, ?mnipresential, omniumgatherum, pyschologi ?ally, puddingheadednesa, rhodomontade, ratifi :»tion, obstreperousness, recalcitration, recipro cation, valetudinarianism, zoophytological. To this list we will add one which we have never known any one able to spell on tho first time of i8kingyet-- anthropomorphitanianismicaliation.' The above orthographical selections would poEsibly check the excitement now so generally prevailing on the subject of '* bees.' The Fate oe Leichhardt.— Referring to the recent alleged discovery of Leichhardt's remains, which proved to be a hoax, a correspondent of the Wagga Wagga Advertutr writes :— ' I see a telegram has been going tbe rounds]of the papers stating that two skeletons had been unearthed in [the Barcoo district, supposed to be the re. mains of white men. Some years ago a pioneer ing expedition, of which I was a momber, came from the Flinders across to the Thomson, and ran that river down to its junction with a brook aamed afterwards the Rodney. We ran that stream up to its junction with the Salton (not Saltern) creek below that junction about 30 miles, and within 100 yards of the Rodney Creek we saw four billets of wood about 5 feet long, which had been rudely split and placed against a gidyea tree ; they had evidently been there several years, as they were almost rotten. We ran Salton Creek up to its head, and when near the spinifex country we found the remains of a saddle and two saddle- straps, which we reported to the owners of a station on the head of the Logon when we reached their camp, and were informed by them that it formed a portion of two travellers' equipments who had been kiled near ihere by the blacks a Ehort time previous y, and Jiat some of the settlers had gone out, and find ing the blacks camped on tho creek, gave them ' fits.' The body of a German who lost himself s also buried net a great distance from the same ireek. It is well known in that neighbourhood hat a settler, who was one of the first on the Barcoo, traversed all that country and marked iis trees L, several of which I saw.' fFrom Saturday's Evening Journal] Cibcuit Courts.— Mr. Justice Stow has been xmmissioned to hold the next Circuit Courts in he South-East. The Robe Court will be opened in October 1, and the Mount Gambier Court on )ctober C. The Port Darwin Telegraph Lara.— A tele :ram posted at the Telograph Office on Satur lay morning states that the current of the )Terland Line w interrupted north of Powell's /reek, but communication was expected to be estored every hour. The Alma Gold Mine.— In reference to the elegram recently published by us, stating that 100 ounces of gold hod arrived at the Burra rom the Alma Company's property, we are in ormed that the yield, wiiich when smelted gave 187 ozs. 2 dwts. 4 grains, was obtained from 130 ons of stone, which quantity was crushed in nine nd a half days. This result is considered most ncouraging. Since the end of May last, when tho irst lot of gold was received from the property, 46 ozs. 12 dwts. 19 grains have been sent to Adelaide. Mr. T. D. Jackson, the Managing Mrector, on August 23 reported:— 'The mine 3 looking well, and there is in view a good pros wet of future crushings.' Captain David lenouf stated on the 23th uli, before the result 1 the latest crushing was known: — ' I have con inued blocking out at No. 1 Shaft. The ode continues good, as will be seen froai he returns of the past fortnight. I shall con inue blocking out tbe same kind of ground next reek. At No. 2 the contractors have driven 17 eet for the fortnight, making the total distance rom tho shaft 75 feet. Tbe country driven hrough is the samo as during the last fortnight, nd if it remains the same it will take three reeks to put the drive in the required distance, have not been ablo to do anything towards urther testing the eastern boundary of tho :laim during tho past fortnight, as all the men lave been required at No. 1 Shaft.' The latest ake of gold was shown in the window of Mr. fackman's premises, King William- street, during Saturday, and attracted much attention. Stud Sheep.— At the annual sale of stud iheep, held recently in Melbourne, the three lays' sale of about 1,000 sheep netted £16,000. ♦ ttf Oxygen is Life. — Dr. Bbioht's Phos ?H0DTNB.— Multitudes of people are hopelessly suffering from debility, nervous and liver com plaints, depression of spirits, failure of (memory, aadtude, &c.;, whose cases admit of a permanent :ure by the new remedy, Phoephodyna {Ozonw Oxygen), which at once allayB all irritation and excitement, imparts new energy and life to the anfeebled constitution, and rapidly cures every stage of these distressing maladies. 8old by all shemiata. Caution.— The large and increasing demand for Dr. Brigat's Phosphodyne has led to several imitations under somewhat similar names ; purchasers of this Mediciae should therefore be eareful to observe that each case bears the Government stamp, with the words, 'Dr. Bright's Phosphodyne' engraved thereon, and that the Bame words are also blown in the bottle. Agents for South AusWlia, F. H. FauLDD«i isd Co., Adelaide. 193 238 fT We cannot prevent other tradesmen jopyfng our Ideas, neither ean we put brains Into their heads to originate Ideas for them mIvm; we ean therefore only Caution our Patron ind the PubHo against being aisled by ethers adopting any peculiarity by which our establish ment* have hitherto been nadDy distinguishable. Imitation may be the nno»rt«t flattery, but w« object to it when they do ' Tfae aaae with latent to daotta.' Kobshxobi & Dxaxi therefore solicit theb Patrons to particularly note their addresses. 69 and 101, Bundle-street, between Messrs. Mayfield and Son's and Mr. G. R. Debney's Furniture Warehouses; 6, Bundle-street, Opposite Messrs. Fauldfog k Co.'s; 103 and lO5,f«cg William «tre*t, Opposite the Town Hallf ,. J 177c* 