WESLEYAN 8DNDAV 8CHOOL8 AKNIVERSAIIY. On Monday evening tho annual tea. molting iu connection with the Wcsleyan Sunday schools anniversary was held in tho schoolroom adjoining the Wcsloyan Church, Patterson street. The room was, as usual, tastefully decorated with flags and banners, end die twelve well provided tea tables had suitable floral dooorations. Dy half past C o'clock, Uio hour appointed, every seat at tlio tables wuh oocupiod, and still tho visitors came, the total number bring ovorSOO. Tliu ladies, who furnished Uio tea gratuitously fur the benefit of tho cliools, Iiad been profuse iu their supply uf delicacies, and tho ropast was very enjoyable. After tea, which was prolonged to near 8 o'clock, the liev. F. K. Stopheuson took tho chair, and Mr J. \V. Gleadow, Mr and airs Henry lteed, Roy. Cliarles Price, Independent Congregational Church, Ta mar street ; Rev. W. Law, Congregational Olmrch, Prince's Square ; Itev. J. Lind say, Free Cnurcli of Scotland, Prince's Square ; and the Uev. C. Cater, Town Missionary, occupiod scats on tho plat form, Tho Rev. Mr Steplionion opened tho proceedings by giviug out the hymn— A diinre to fcctp I litre, A Cud I' rlorily. After this was sung by the choir and congregation, Mr Stephcnson offered up prayer. In liis pretimiiuuy address ho dwelt on tlio all important fact tliat more spiritual life ' was necessary in the schools and in tliu church. He called on Mr Stanfiuld, the general secretary, to read tlio annual re l-ort. MrStanfield read aver}' interesting re port, and remarked in. connection with tliat being the fortieth anniversary uf tliu schools, tliat the first superintendent, Mr Reed, was present on tho platform. Mr W. Hart, the treuurer, road some paiticulara from his report, showing tliat tho income of the schools last year was £80 2s 9d including a balance from tho previous .year ; and the expenditure amounted to £70 13s Od ; leaving a lia lauce of £99s4d, to which hail to be added tho collections on the previous day, £42 8s Od, and tlio proceeds from the tea meeting. Mr M. Tyson road his report of tho state of the Penny Bank, now IU years in operation. The amount for which the bank was now liable was £-.'47, and if this should have to be paid next day, thore would bo a reservo fund of sonio £u0 to the good. Mr Reed, in commencing an earnest and eloquent address, said tliat although tliat was the fortieth anniversary of the Wos |eyan Schools, all the superintendents wore alive. Ho Iiad been the first, Mr Gleadow sueoeoded hill), and Mr Drysdale wu the present superintendent of the PatUsnon street school. Ill tho early days, when the first school was founded, they had groat trouble with the teachers, especially with the lady teachers, and particularly with reference to Uieir dress and tlmlr bonnets. (Laughter.) But this was a sorious qucstJuii, aild as the Holy Ghust Iiad considered it requisite to iuue commands as to women's dross they tliould do as the Uoly Ghost commanded. Hehadobjectedtooxtravagaiitstyleindreu being persevered in by ministers' wives sad Sunday School teachers, as thousands of women bad first fallen in consequence of their love of dress, and if ministers' wives and Sunday School teachers con tinncd to dross extravagantly, those they should teach bettor things wuuld considor there was no harm in It. When lioops were in fashion ho liad objected to theiu, and ouo lady defended their use by the coinfurt and cleanliness of the practice. Ue Uild ber tliat if hoops should go out of fashion ho would find her without them , and he had. On this point as to dress let tlioiu bo ruled and guided by the word of God. He had that much to sty about the Indies, and lie had some thing to say about the men. (Luightor. ) Aj to their stylo of dross he amid not object. It was not very elaborate, but thore waa a very prevalent evil habit ainongst men and boys , to tueh an extent that tliey might oven sou a Sabbath School boy with a pipo in his mouth. This practice ho considered degrading, and in every respect reprehensible. Mr Gleadow spoke of the pleasure he hid in connection with the Sunday Schooli, and though delighted with the appearance' of the children the day be fore, with their progress, and with their singing, he thought those who were pre ftUlt would airran with him flint thn anr inons were exceptionally superior, and should be published and generally distri cted. Ho did not with, this done at Uie expense «I the school funds, and would defray the expense. Ho would lio'to have a few copies to distribute himself, the others would be handed over to tho officers of Um idiewHor dutributlon. He would like to know whether this mot with approval. The reply wu universal applause. The Rev. Mr BUphontou said u tha proposition met with such approval ho oould not but feel gratified, mi would oomply with Mr (Shadow's request. ThoRev. RobertBrown.ofthoMersey, In his addnai referred to the necessity for some spirituality in their schools and churches. lie also touched upon the comments of Mr Reed as to tho extrava gance of style in ladios' druss. Mr Rood touched again upon tho'nub iect. and referred to the excellent sister Wilkinson's stylo of bonnet— the Quaker style of 100 years ago, and yot in it sho looked bettor and purer than she would with one of those liata of the present Jioriod. As for tho pipo in Buch general use by men and boys, away with it. Ho had induced two of the workmen up at liis place to give up the pipes ; Tom, who had been converted, and another laborer. They agreed to bury tho pi|-os, and thoy were buried in tho tomb up thero ; tliu first burial in tliat tomb and theru never wuuld lie a resurrecUon of thorn. Tho choir sang 'several anthems ut in tervals during tile addresses. Tho llev. diaries Price proposed a vote of tlianks to the ladios who provided the tea, the choir, and to Mr Stanfiold for teaching the children singing. Speaking of tliu old days., that was tho fortieth anniversary of tho Wesloyan schools, and throe years boforu tliat Sunday-schools had been established in LauncesUm, whon the old Court House and St. John's Church wore the only churches in L.iunctstnn. He urged the necessity for more sympathy from the mem bom of tho clmrclios to the Sunday Schools, and more liberality. When did thuy hear of tho well-to-do members of the church inviting a teacher and his or her class to spend tho evening and take tea, and yet thoso were oxcollont moans for opening the minds uf the young, at taching them to the church by sympathy, and by reaching thoir heart*. (Applause.) The Itev. VV. Law soconded, and in doing so reviewed much tliat had been said during tho evening. Tho vote of tlianks was carried by accla mation. Mr Stanfiold, whilo acknowledging the vote of thanks, did not consider that tlianks were necessary, but rathor out of Iilace for tho performance of their duty ; )Ut ho gladly acknowledged the tlianks on behalf uf the ladies who Iiad provided the tea. (Applause.) The ltav. Mr Htoplionson said tliat Mr Law having rufurrud to tho llev. £. W. Nyo, reminded him that ho hud forgot to account for Mr Nyc's absenco, which waa, he regretted to say, caused by family atliiction. Ono of his littlo girls was dangerously ill. In referring to some of the matter* wliich had been discussed during the evening, Mr Stophenson do foudud the style of dress of tho ladios of Hobart Town and Launceston, so far aa to say that it was moderate in comparison to tho stylo of tho ladies of Melbourne. (Applause.) The llev. J. Lindsay closed the mooting with prayer a few minutes after 10 o'clock. THE NCUOOL FETE. Yesterday was tho Uine fixed for Uio annual Sunday -school file, to Cume oft* at Glondhu, the residence of James Scott, Ki,|., M.H.A., but in consequence of Uie wet state of Die weather it Hits postponed until Tuesday next. The children assembled in Uie school room, Patterson street, at 4 p.m. yester day, whun they had toa, and addresses were delivered by the Rev. F. E. Stephon son, Itev. E. W. Nyo, Rev. Rolwrt Drown, Captain Wyrill, and Mr William Hart. 