DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From owr own Correspondent.) On last Sunday, the annn*! collection of Peter's Pence was made at the Cathedral and the other churches of the B*llarat mission. Hia Lordship Dr. O'Con* nor, in accordance with previous announcement, preached at the 11 o'clock Mass. He took for the text of his discourse the 24th and 25th verses of the seventh chapter of the Gospel according to St. Matthew—"Therefore whosoever heareth these my words and doeth them, shall be likened to a wise man, who built his house upon a rock. And the rain fell, and the floods came, aDd the winds blew, and they beat upon that house, and it fell not, for it was founded upon a rock." Though the work of the Redeemer, he said, was one in its ultimate object, namely, the salvation of man, yet was it manifold in its immediate objects, and in the various agencies through which that work was to be brought to bear on each one of us. We might consider our Lord not only as a Redeemer, paying down, in his most precious blood, to His Eternal Father, the price of our redemption, but also as a Physician, applying the healing power of His infinite merits to the wounds inflicted by sin on our souls, or as a Teacher communicating the knowledge of things divine, and pointing out, by word and example, the narrow path that leads to heaven. Whatever office of our Divine Lord we consider, on whichever work of His divine life we reflect, we shall find that the same work is still wrought amongst it, and the same office still in operation. Christ still teaches the self-same doctrines cow to his disciples as of old to the Apostles at Jerusalem ; Christ still pronounces the word of absolution over the guilty and fallen as of old he did over the loving and repentant soul of Magdalen. The work and mission of Christ in the designs of Providence were not to pass away with his departure in visible form from this world, but were to continue unto the end of time. Accordingly, so do we find him building up a new ark as did Noah of old, in which all that were to be saved should enter, and in which the germs of the new life were to be found ; or, to employ another figure more in connection with my text, we find Him erecting, by the establishment of His Church, a new temple, in which the law He delivered was to be ever faithfully preserved, and the saving grace He had purchased for us should ever be administered. "As the Father sent me, so I send you," He says to His Apostles; that is to say, to teach and to save that which was lost; for to that end was Christ sent by his Father, and for that end did Christ voluntarily come. " He who hears you hears me," were our Lord's words to His Apostles; their teaching, then, is his teaching. Christ came also to cleanse the leprosy of sin from those who are rightly disposed, and seek from Him their cure. Therefore did the Lord say to His Apostles (that his work might go to the end in His absence as well as in His presence)—" Receive ye the Holy Ghost; whose sins you shall forgive they are forgiven them, and whose sins you shall retain they are retained." The Lord then made His Apostles and their successors the depositaries and exponents of His grace. Now, amongst the Apostles our Lord chooses one who was to be the foundation on which He would build His Church, that Church through which He was ever to speak and to act unto the consummation of ages. That Apostle, you all know, was Peter; and in selecti him the Lord acted as did the wise builder to which the words of my text refer. He selected him as a rock, made such by His grace and the force of that prayer offered by Christ to His Father, that "Peter's faith might never fail;" and because He thus made him a rock, He calls him and addresses him by that name, in words familiar to you all— " Thou art Peter; and upon this rock I will build my Church; and the gates of Hell shall not prevail against it. And I will give to thee the keys of the Kingdom of Heaven; and whatsoever thou shalt bind upon earth, it shall be bound also in Heaven; and whatsoever thou shalt loose upon earth, it shall be loosed also in Heaven." His Lordship developed this text as well as the words, " Feed my lambs, feed my sheep," at considerable length, showing clearly and forcibly how they necessarily implied and conveyed the rightB of primacy of jurisdiction and authority over the whole flock of Christ. He next proceeded to exhibit how such primacy must necessarily devolve on Peter' s successors, and how the documents of ecclesiastical history, as well as all the monuments of tradition, point out the actual exercise of this supreme authority in the successors of Peter. Amongst the many facta referred to, he singled out one of the canons of Armagh that had been enacted in one or other of the Synods held by Patrick in Ireland, wherein these words occur; "Moreover, if any case Bhould arise of extreme difficulty, and beyond the knowledge of all the judges of the nation, of the Scots (the ancient name for the Irish), it is to be duly referred to the chair of the Archbishop of the Gardhill—that is to say, of Patrick, and the jurisdiction of the Bishop of Armagh. But if such a case as aforesaid, of a matt^ of issue, cannot be easUy dkposed^k him, with hiB counsellors in that biveBtf gation, we have decreed that it be sent t the Apostolic seat, that is to sav tn +iT Chair of the Apostle Peter 'hl J he the authority o f V 4 o f ' Words of sinular import are used by th« great Irish saint, Columbanus, addressed to Pope Gregory the Great, andbyT celebrated Irish abbot Cammrian, toward the end of the sixth century, « cussing the disputed question amoZt the Irish of the proper time for the <X bration of Easter. Cammrian uses th. words of St. Jerome : " I cry out (in tC dispute), whosoever is joined to the Chair of St. Peter, that man is mine !" What more ? I turn me to the words of the Bishop of the city of Rome, P 01J Gregory (received by us in common) This dispute was finally terminated bv the decision of Pope Honorius, about the year 628. The Bishop concluded his discourse by enumerating the great acts of the glorious Pontificate of Pius IX. the successor of Peter, the inheritor of all his rights and prerogatives, and calling on the faithful to contribute generously on the occasion, testifying thereby their love and loyalty to their Holy Father, as well as their sympathy with him in his great sufferings, and their desire to lighten, as far as they could, the burden that weighed upon him since he has been sacrilegiously robbed of the patrimony of Peter. The annual collection on Sunday in Ballarat, in aid of the Holy Father amounted to about £60, and the total amount of the collections throughout the parish for the same object may, I learn be set down at £120. ' The Very Rev. Dean Moore will, it Beems, this week commence a tour through the Western district. The nuns formally opened their day. school on Monday under very auspicious circumstances. There was a goodly number of pupils in attendance. The premises, which have a frontage to both Lyons-street and Dawson-street, are most conveniently situated, being not more than a couple of minutes' walk distant from St. Patrick's Cathedral.- The Catholic authorities have been exceedingly fortunate in being able to secure such convenient and beautiful property as all that which they have recently purchased. Indeed, if they had been perfectly free to choose through Ballarat city, tliej^ could not, apparently, have been able to make more suitable selections. The convent grounds are situated at the top of Sturt-street, on the margin of Lake Wendouree, about half an hour's walk from the city post-office. The site of the proposed episcopal residence is in the same street, about eight or ten minutes' walk from St. Patrick's Cathedral; and the nuns' day-school is also adjacent to Sturtstreet, in the locality already stated; the whole three sites in question, as also St. Patrick's Cathedral, being, contiguous to Sturt- street, the principal street in the city. Among a batch of prosecutions under the Education Act, at the City Police Court, on Friday, 5th November, there was one case which is said to have parti* cularly oppressive surroundings. The defendant, a man named Michael Phelan, residing at Dead Horse, and ill able to spare time from work for the support of ms family, was brought into Ballarat on a summons charging him with an infraction of the Education Act in respect of his son's non-attendance at the local State school. The poor man, it seems, all breathless and excited, went to the Bishop's residence on Friday morning and told his lordship the particulars of the case. His Lordship evinced deep sympathy with Mr. Phelan under the pitiable circumstances, and Mr. O'Dee was at once retained to defend the prosecution. On the application of Mr. O'Dee, the case was adjourned for a week, to give time for the production of the certificate of the boy's birth. As the case u still sub judice, I refrain from commenting on it in the meantime, and merely wish to remark that, should the version of the circumstances narrated to me be borne out in evidence, as I make n° doubt it will, I shall take the necessary trouble to place the whole case fulty before your readers. The adjourned weekly meeting of toe Catholic Young Men's Society on Monday evening, lapsed through non-attendance of some of the leading members, who were unavoidably absent. 