I ©!)Í £fi&iW3;> ifflorntog gíralo« l -,-L " THURSDAY, SEFfEMBER 0, 1875. j PUBLIC reference bas been made several tháea of late lo a paper ou liver pollution, road 1>v Mr. Hooo before tho Society of Arts, in Mav last, Mr. HOGG is a medical man, the Presi- dent of one Microscopical Society, and Fellow of another ; nnd ho ia theiefore peculiarly well qualified to search into the recesses' ot thin question effectively. Microscopical as well as chemical investigation is required if we would ascertain fully and exactly both the extent and the eharaoter of the dangeia thal link in the water wo dunk. For, unfor- tunately, some of thoao germs which form what is termed " the coutagium of disease," are so extremely minute that they defy ultro tion, and will und their way whore ver the contaminated water that carries them, is able to pass, Hence the lisle of obtaining water from contaminated sources, or water that if pure at its source is liable to eoatdm ination at the place of stoiage, or on j its way to or from the storage rcseivoir. Filtra- tion may clarify it ; but purification, is another matter. } A remarkable proof of this was quoted'by Mr. HOGG in the case of the water supply of a public institution, the Cripples' Home. In this instance every care had boen taken to ensure purity. All tlio water drunk by the inmates passed through seven or eight alternate layers of silver sand and animal- charcoal, both of which had been heated to redness before bqing placed in the filtering receptacle. For months, however, filth-fever and diphtheria prevailed in the establishment, until it was discovered that a lealcy waterpipe had admitted sewage-contamination. That this was ¡the exciting cause appeared >clearly from ¡the fact that when , the defect had been remedied, the epidemic,, disappeared. ¡The poison germs had passed between the inters- tices in the layers of sand and charcoal. In this instance,. perhaps ( the matter of contamination was ' of a peculiarly active kind, and though described as very slight in quantity, it may have been relatively con- siderable both for that reason, and as compaied with, the , total quantity of water that passed through the pipe >for tho use of the inmates.' A few'grains of poison admitted hit» the water-pipe of a single establishment may produce their effects more directly; and more obviously than the introduction of tons of ordinary sewage into reservoirs, where the water stored measures millions of gallons, But in the latter case the effeots, though com paiatiyely indirect, perhaps not íecognised, may Btill be both injurious and widely dif- fused. An immediate outbreak of epidemic i^ the result in the one case ; in the other there may be a general lowering of vitality, and the spiead of a piedisposing influence which gives disease whenevei it occuis, a double chance of retaining its hold, and of ultimate victory. Now and again we witness the diiect results on a laige scale, wheie epidemics that thin the popula- tion of whole towns are traceable to contami- nation in a conceutiated form. But how often are the indirect injurious influences (produced by similar causes, more lemotely or in a milder foira) piesent and aotive when they are scarce1 y thought of? As the tenu of the Cripples' Home may be taken as an illustration of the mischief Wrought by diiect contamination of the main water channel on the small scale, the case of Over Darwen where so many deaths occuired from tjphoid in October last, maj be taken as an illustration of the Banio thing on the largo scale. To begin with the sewerage of the town and the general arrange- ments for diainage and the removal of filth weie execiable. The atmosphere and the soil weie tainted, and the people were thus reduced to a condition that maelo them pecu- liarly susceptible to the dangers that would arise if at any time their drinking watqr also were tainted. The time carno ; and the history of the case is quoted by Mi. HOGG from the report of Di. STEVENS, who investigated the matter. In the month befoie the' O'itbieak .of the epidemic a young lady, suffeiing fiom fever, was biought to oj house on the hillside overlooking the town. Tlieie , Fbe stayed V4itil she died, on the 12th October, Now tlic drainage« from this house was carr'.o flint by a stone drain or ""sough " (lo uso tho local temi), then by earthen pipos, and lastly by an iron pipe, io bo discharged . on tho surface of a sloping meadow. Tho iron pipo ran cloeo by tho "sough" that convoyed tho town water supply; and' between the two wai sonio excellent puddling to lieop away tho liak of contamination. But the precaution had not been carried far' enough., On examination it was found that' the iron pipo bad become choked, and so had tïie earthen drain-pipes, so that neither gave' free passage, to the sewage. The sowago liad, therefore, escaped above, and found ita way outside and underneath the drain until it mon i the wator-aougli and foi mod a kind of small, I cesspool. By this means spooiiloally disoased matter, containing the germs of on-, teric fever had entered the wator-sough through ita imporfectly closed joints, and hadj twith the water, been delivered to the houses of the town. Shortly aftcnyards tho epidemic broko out, aild to show that the two occur- rences had really the relation of canso and effect, Mr. HOGG remarks that in 18(11 a simi- lar sudden outbreak of enteric fever in the samo town followed almost immediately after the appearance of tlio samo discaso at Tock iioies, a villago about four miles distant, the drainago from which was allowed to pass into a rivulet that formed the i source of the Over Barwen water supply. ' ' How far those illustrations of direct con- tamination should servo as a warning to us, we need not point out at any length. They havo an immediato bearing upon those opera- tions which are being conducted at the pro sent moment uudor the authority of tho Act of last session. And they tell us plainly enough of the danger of allowing tlio slightest relaxation in tho efforts that are at last (and we hopo not too late) being made to prevent po)lution in our water mains. But Mr, Hooo's papor draws attention in a forcible way to the dangers of what may bo termqd indirect or moro remote contamination of the water supply. If, as we have seen, closely packed layers of sand and charcoal will not arrest the passage of disease germs where water can porcolato, how much moro easy must their passage bo through porous soils to wliich they have access., and how great must bo tho risk of their finding their way into natural storage reservoirs when either the reservoirs themselves or water-courses that feed them are in the vicinity of human habitations. Mr, HOGG says :- ¡ "Another som ce of clangor often overlooked, j is the ueieolation of the ground and suifiicc waters njto the bed of a river. At low water, numbers ¡of sranll strewn» vail be seen oozing ft oin the sides «of tho Thames bank, and flowing along orcr the mud 'lito the steam. In this wny a considerable quantity of polluted vvater finds n ready exit through tho porous surface soil. Indeed the mere superficial htiatum of earth is not so solid ns it may look, cdu sequcntlj air, gases, and 'ground-water' make thteir | wa j through it to the natural source if drainage, the tidal couiBe of tho nearest river. The noxious state oí tile ' ground water * depends upon the .sani- tary surroundings of the population, the rainfall, the nrtilieiul drainage, and the higher or lower level of the dibtiict. The pressure of the atmosphere, tho substratum, nnd its direction also exercise no incon- siderable influence over the rate of percolation of the ' ground vv atcr.' Such modes and som ces of pollution aie liable to be quite overlooked, and may, therefore, go on to a far great« extent than is generally suspected." These remarks wero made primarily >in tefeienec to the case of rivers, for Mr. HOGG was speaking of the Thames and . jdio London water supply. But they bave a far wider application. Thoy warn us, in fact, that if our water supply is stored in a district surrounded or encroached upon by human habitations, or is collected from streams that pass through settled districts, thore will always be a danger of contamination through the access of this ground water, wliich, though perhaps ' unseen, may carry witli it specific disease genus. As -an illustration of this, Mr. IIOCG cites the case of Oxford, where tho water supply, taken from a largo gravel pit, into which various springs discharge thomselves, was reported as tolerably good in 18GC, but was described in 1873 as diluted sewage. During the inter- val the suburb of New Ilincksey had grown up near tho reservoir. Wo referred to this question a few days ago, but it is a question for repeated reference. In providing water jforagieat city it should bo a first principle to give a wide bextli to suburbs, and to, the probable sites of fixture suburbs. i Aram five years of troubled existence, defaced by ambitious intiigue, shifting puiposes, and aciimonious dispute, the Fiench National Assembly, under insupeiablo piessuie, has at last undertaken to prepare and promulgate a scheme for a fixed constitution. That'this step would be deferred until it b«camo in- evitable, and would then be taken with exlienie < reluctance, was natuially to1 be expected. Well awaie that when the busi- ness of passing the draught constitution 'was brought to a conclusion the country would insist on an immediate surrender of their functions into the hands of their con- stituents, the most infatuated of the delegates could scarcely mistake the signs of the times, which wai neil them too surely that when the next Assembly met, a large pait of the present majority would be missed from their places in Versailles. Other circumstances conspiicd to lender the idea of dissolution eminently unpalatable. When the present Assembly was being convened, the French people angiy with the dynasty of NAPOLEON III., on account of the miseries of the war, and tho deceptions they believed he had practised on them with regard to it, and at the same moment fearful of republican excess, returned a vast majority of monarchical representatives. All lbolced propitious for a restoration. But the indiscieet manifestoes of the Comte de CHAMBOED exhibiting a mimi hopelessly at variance with modem ideas, and the full recognition by the Comte de PARIS of the hereditary claims of the eldei blanch, post- poned indefinitely all chance of success foi autociatic Legitimist and parliamentary Oi leanist alike. Thus situated, possessing a majority in the Assembly, the Consol va ti ves felt ftheir impoi lance depended ou the success with which they resisted all eifoils in the diieclioii of a definitive settlement, and in piolonging the then oxislmg piovisional nnangements, as, in virtue of their numbers, they still lcmained masters of the fate of eveiy measuio. On the olhei hand, the Republicans w eie split up into thiee camps, all ostensibly flying the Republican flag, but divided in counsel, and professing piinciples mutually contradictoiy. "Unafieclqdly, anxious to obtain a dissolution, 'auil ackuowlçilgirig that it was an essential m eliminar*, to the duo execution of their designs) thoir jealousy and distrust presented to all co-opeiatton obstados not easily tobo overcome.. One. soctíou | advocated compromiso and moderation to gain the confidence of tho bull: of the French people, while another strenuously denounced this as a sacrifice to the dembtful cause of expediency. So niatlcis rested until tho solfishnobs of tho majority w.is quelled, and the dilTorencoH of the minority healed by two contingencies, whose action was a« unexpected as it was oflVcLuaL It w.is supposed tho ghost of Impeiialisin, lind been successfully laid for over at Sedan. ' But the evident influence of a widely road, able, and devotod Picss, the knowledge of the! numoiotis sirpporters that e\isteel both in the ariuj «nd among the Parisian bourijeoistci might have tin own some disciedit on this( complacent influence. Fresh alarm wus1 caused by the leluiu of Ronapartist doputies' foi places where previously laigo majoiitiesi Intel been given to Republican candidates,' while the loyalty and union of the whole body weie unmistakably shown by the re- jection, in Corsica, of personally the most popular of the living members of the Imperial family-'Prince NAPOLEON,' for his presumed iufidolity to tho acknowledged head of the party] Finally the success of (ho Prince Imperial at Woolwich w as only needed to revive thoir con- fidence and warm thoir enthusiasm. The lapid growth in importance on the part of those who a few months before had boon looked upon as a mere faction, but who now boldly entered the arena as competitois for power, seems at lasl to have convinced tho Royalists that to per- petuate uncertainty waa to play into the hands of theil most dangerous enemies. A bill with their assent was conscepiontly propaied and biought in and is now under discussion in the Assembly. This > measure, denominated th|3 Public Powers Bill, contains tho framework of the purposed Constitution. I But although the goodwill of the Right to a final settlement was thus assured, it seemed hopeless to expoct the concurrence qf the Left in an j' moasuro emanating from Con- servative authors. It is true the Right coulfl have forced any bill they dosircd through the Assembly in the teeth of all opposition, but it is as ceitaiu that in that case the Radicals, should thoy obtain a majority at the elections, would not hesitate to undo all the legislation of their predecessors pio:e ^neaL This next to impossible task ol' conciliation, however, M. GAMBETTA has attempted and achieved, and it is one of 'the most- wonderful of his political triumplis. Under his direction the bureaui of the three factions of the Loft have been convened, ariel it was decided to accept unreservedly the pro- visions of the Public Powers Bill, cordially distrusted as it was by most, and probably more or loss disliked by all. It was further resolved that there should not even be debate allowed upon the bill, except by special per- mission, asked and obtained from the hired lix. The lenders felt apprehensive, lost their followeis might bo betrayed into language calculated to tenify or exasperate the Conserva- ti* es, and result either in a withdrawal of conditions favourable to themselves, or in, the further extension of the session ; and so strictly was this regulation onforced that even M. GAMBETTA, who pleaded for permission to address the House on a minor matter, was peremptorily refused. Its necessity was soon made apparent. M. Louis BLANC, the most noted living exponent of Socialist theoiios, and naturally a trusted leader of the oxtrome Loft, soon cancelled his adhesion to the compact. Ascending the tiibune, he denounced impar- tially the Conservatives, tho bill, and his own 'party. He declared the new proposals contained the Monarchy in disguiso, accused the Left of tieachery, anil implored them not to sub- vert the principles of the Revolution. The appeal must have gone straight to the heart, ii not to the conscience, of many Republicans then present. But party discipline prevailed ; the philippic was listened to in silence ; and neithei then nor afterwaids did a single mem- ber of the Left rise to address the Assembly in answer to Louis BLANC, or in extenuation of his own conduct. ' The entire proceeding is pregnant with blight promise for the future of France. Thal the Radical party should have submitteel to the guidance of a statesman such as GAMDHTTA lather than a windy, if fascinating, doc- trinaire such as Louis BLANC,says much; that they should have approved a capacity for stern self-negation and concessory procedure seys more. It is the latter fact which especially "invites our admiration and respect, for af tei all it is not so much bj' her aims as by> hei method that political Franco has at times incuired the anger and the reprobation of the world. ' SUPEEME CourtT.-Business This Day. Term List.-Now Trial Motions : Krefft v. Hill ¡(part houid), Lynch v. Holland, Douglas v. Waddoll, and others, M.ickenzio v. City Bank, Manby v. Park, Newton and othois v. Cluney. DISTHICT COUBT.-Thursday, 9 th September. -Stov ens v. Dibbs, Walden v. Evnns, Borough of Ryde v. Jcnnneiott, Scott v. Dobson, Thamo v. Barnett, 'Fitz- gerald and another v. Blown. POSTAL AND TELEGRAPHIC.-Tho Adelaide ollicer yesterday advised tho Sydney Telegiaph Dopaittiionl as follows :-" Mail closes nt Batavia for Singapore to- night, at 8 o'clock, but communication by cabio is expected to bo restored to- day." THE LATE Mn. THOMAS DOYLE.-Wo regret to have to report that yesterday morning a fata! accident occurred in our niacíiino-room to Mr. Thomas Doyle, overbecr of the department in which ho was engaged. The particulars of the sad occurrenco appear in the report of the inquest, but it is nroper to add that tho lato Mr. Boyle was for about fifteen years employed in connection with the Hil aid, and that by his faithful dischnrgo of duty, as well as by his intelligence and the display of many excellent qualities OB a colleague, ho obtained the confidence of his employers and tho good wishes of his fellow workmen, by whom' ho was very highly esteemed. INQUEST AT WINDSOH.-An inquest was held at Pitt Town on Monday last, before Mr. J. B. Johnston, on the body of an old man named Patrick Cullatin, who had been found lying dead in tho bush near Wheeay Ci cok. Between 9 and 10 o'clock on Sunday morning, ho stn! ted for Windsor, on horsoback, as was his custom, to attend chui eli, and it is supposed was thrown. Ho was found about 11 o'clock by a man named Thompson, who stated that he found deceased's niaio about 100 yarch. from the road, with a bridle and saddle on, and shoitly after- wards, the deceased near a slip panel, dead; he ooveied tho Iiody over with bushes, and reported tho matter to the police. Tho deceased was nddicted to drink, but, it is said, must have been sober at the time of tho accident which caused his death. After a post-moitciu examination by Dr. Selkirk, the jury found that deceased was accidentally killed by a fall from his horse. CoMFLiîiENTAitY DiNNEJt.-A correspondent telegraphs frooui Cooma :-" The banquet to Mr. Samuel Robinsou, J.P., C.P.S., and Government Land Agent, held at Cohen's Cooma Hold, was a gi cat success. Sixty gentlemen of all dusses attended. A testimonial wita pui so of sovereigns will bo piesontcd before Mr. Robinson leaves for Young, vvheio he has boen appointed polico . magistrate." GASLIGHT IN BALMAIN.-The enginoor of tho Australian Gaslight Company has reported! to tho Board of Direitors thut Tie will bo prepared to light up Balmain, with gaB on the 23rd November uext. , COPPER.--Return of copper received at the .Sjá'ue'V'Station foi tho" 'week( ending 4th Soptoinlicr : 'Èlom^iRa'claiiT-TOfi'irlgots copper,'4,'tons 8 owt ; from Bowenfels-22M' trigotä1 copnor, '19 'tons 10 c/vyt: 2 qrsi ; . total, 23 tons l8 owl. 2 qre. I." l'iinenvtfîfttAN Youfta MXNTI- OH-MWIA« AsgotnATrow.-The inaofrtiml lecture of \liei Viwltytoriiu, loung Mon * Christian Association, in connection with tin congregation of St. Goose's Church, Ci-fllea-Mrh.^reel, vvw ln*t oveiimgek;]hW in tho elmr-h by tho Rev; 0. Sutherland, the »object bein? «Tho Spirit',«;] Auvi of the. ChUHtmn Religion." Tho Iörturor obtained Hw «arnftil ultenVionofhisaudfence, «ho at its do«o etp-ebned lh«ir giiitificiliou hy a unanimous Vote of ih-mk-i, ¡u sok»w lçelgmonJ of which tiro rov. gcntlem-m announced aneyi- a of lectures o» historical subjects in'ciimecltorr iinneingJIy with the establishment and progresa of tho Christi/m Umroh, to he vnne-d, as occisión nirry offer, vrttlr (Reí eon* elenition of eriiestions of nntimil srier/re. The ineetin»- wa .cluBcd, as it liad boon oponed, with praise and prayer. ? PiTT-STttBirr PitKSHVi'KniAN M'.'h'iJAi/r.vrpTíov'ií MENT SOCIKT-Y.-The regilliii- meotlr.R of this- sioiet« waa held on Mondny ovoning liuet in the schoolroom Pitt., street South ; the Rev. Henrv-Mavrendy i»the chtiiiv Thw busmoss of the ovonint;was tho-reading of She " Btoel.iioft"' manuscript tiiaguriiic. The- various aitlclen vrörev Monthly Itoview," " Extempore« Speaking," 'IA voice from tho countiy," a pooin-"Burial of Commodore Ooodenongh, and sovoral letter»- to the- editôrv fhl» aiticles having been severally crlticfeed, tho »ectinir mu brought to a closo. SCHOOL ol' AnTs DKIIATINW CLUW--This club concluded, laut evoniug, an intorosting di»eüsaion on the question," Wn« the execution of Chra-lea 1. justiflablo." Messrs. E. A. Jone«, J. Williams, S. PoiUipa, Stonhens.. Meyer, Fisher, Pnnton, Walker, ilend, Fcdloy, FairUnd! » Watkins, and It. W. Taylor took part ia tho discussion . and upon the question hoing put to tho meeting, it was resolved in the negativo. LAYCOCK v. TRICKETT.- This race; which has crenlcd somo oxcitomont in nquntic oircles, takes place» to-morrow afternoon, over the champion cexirso on thi Parrniniittn Klver. Laycock will row in a boat built specially for this race by Donnolly, and Trickett, ¡n ono built by Greenland, of Melbourne. Both mon have been' in activo training for nome time, and a vory cloie» contort is expected. The «team yacht Angonorn Uns been engaged to enrry the rmrpiro and reforcé, and those desirous-of' viewing tho nice in that boat can do BO upou application at1 Puuch's llptol. ELECTION OP AN ALDEIISIAN AT PAIIIIAMATTA. -The nomination of candidates to supply tho oxfraordliiary vacancy in Forest Ward, caused by tho suporvoning, dis- qualification of Alderman Pye, who, through a eóvoro illness, had been absent from "tho meetings of tho Council for moro than three successive months without leave, took place on the 1st instant. The mayor of Parramatta (Mi. C. J. Byrnes, M.L.A.) rend nominations of Messrs. James Pyo, Daniel Brien, and Samuel Hill, and also a notice of wnhdrnvval by the latter. The tiyo contending candidates Uion briefly addressed tho olectois. Tho polling took placo on the 4th instnnt, and waa rathor a spirited contest. About half-an- hour af toi the doors wore closed tho Rotunung ofllcor declared the result to bo-Mr. Jamos Pyo 101, and Mr. Daniel Brien H votes. On tho 6th iustant, at noon, in tho Court-houso, tho Boturning-oflicci- formally declared tho i etui u of Mr. Pyo. Both candidates woro present, and hi ii fly gavo oxpiessiou to thoir feolings, after which a voto of thanks was given to the Itoturning- ofTicor, and' thojfow porsons who had assembled quietly separatod again. UTILISATION OF BLOOD.-Mr. J. V. Lavers who lins turned his attention to the utilisation of blood has shown us a samplo of a material which ho has produced and which ho regards as exceedingly valuable for manurial purposes. In nppoaranco it rdsembles charcoal. Itappoara to bo peifectly desiccated, and it contains a largo amount of nitiogenious matter. It will bo fôrt'lnato if tho vvhblo of the blood and offal at tho Glebo Island Abbattoir ero bo treated in this or some similar way so as to croate a profit instead of a nuisance. " ' ' ' THE LATE MR. F. W. PEATE.-Amongst tho recent intelligence from Fiji we notico that a correspondent of Ino Fiji Tunes lind lately visited Koroi Vanuj ono of tho many establishments of tho' late lamented Mr. Franois Wil- liam Peato (soli of tho senior pnrtnor in the firm of Ponto and Hai court, of this city), who died at sea whilo on his way to this colony for the benefit of his hoalth. The news of hi» death was received in A'nnua Levu and in Taviuni with sorrow and i egret, especially by those in tho omploy as oiiinngeis or ovorseoi-s on! the various stations whloh tho leeea.sed gentleman bad established for tho production of libre and copra. Mr. Ponto is spoken of as a young'raan of ?rreat spirit and perseverance, displaying considerable dis- cernment in business affaiis, and was resptictod by all who know bim. His loss is the more te bo regretted as ho wa» ¡lily now beginning to reap the reward of his arduous iubours. ' ' " How INVANTS ABE KILLED.-The Daylesford Mercury says that somo curious evidence was givoa at an .nqueat held on the first instant. ' Early on Monday morn- ing Mrs. do Fidlé tho v> ifo of a miner 'roslding in. Kidd'» Gully, was confined of a female ohild, which tho nurse, in her evidence, said was stiong and healthy. Aftor tho nurse left the infant was intrusted to tho caro.of a young woman named Anne Doyle, and tho latter, in order to stop the child from ci ying, crammed the poor little thing with, butter and sugar. The result was that tho infant dlod a fow hours afterwards. Dr. Baird, who made the post- mortem, said there was not tho slightest doubt but that tho infant was killed by tho food given to it by tho girl, and added that it wns a wonder to him that so many childien lived, considering tho way they wet o ctanituea with food which their little stomachs could not digest. Ho further «aid that women still persist in this pomioious course, n'j'wilhstanding that medical men were constantly warning them against it. SALES OP PUBE BRED STOCK.-The bull sales of yesterday held by Mr. G. F. Want and Mr. Goorgo Kiss were far from successful. But fow lots changed hands, and the prices disclosed a decided declining tendoncy. Tho season of courso may bo considered to a cat lain extent blamable in tho matter, still, that is not all ; for taking tho Smgloton show sales with theso, theio is a certain praof that tho demand for herd bulls is docieaslng. At Mr. G. F. Want's sale at Woollor's, in tho forenoon, tlioro was a very largo attendance of on-lookors but few buyer». Out of a lal go lot offered those were the- only saloa. On aceount of Georgo Loo : Jupiter, a yoarling, siro Knight of tho Glen-to Jj. Parker, for 47 guinoas ; Minstrel, a yearling, siro Border chief-to Mr. Smith, '22 guineas ; Ensign, same siro, 11 mouths-to L. Parker, .54 guineas ; Cato, li months, siro Knight of the Glou-to Mr. Anning, 43 guineas ; Claymore ami Mosstrooper, both by Border Chief-to Mr. Bead, 20 guineas each. On account of Macintosh and Oakes : Comet-to Mr. Road, 10 guineas. The stock of Messrs. J. C. Irving, J. F. Tindalo, W. Maxwell, and B,. L. Jenkins, some very choice animals, wero all passed and remain for private salo. In the afternoon Mr. Georgo Kiss opened proceedings to a largo muster, but the bidding was far from spirited. Passings woro very common, the offers being far below tho valuo of the bulls in most instances. Tho following is a list of the sales :-On account of Henry Leo : A yearling, by 0th Duko of Derrimut-to Mr. Moses, 28 guineas; 17th Duke of Wallaroy, a yeniling-to Mr. Living, 24 guineas. On account of J. T. Leo: K.C.B., a yearling, siro Sir William-to Mr. M'Phillainy, 4G guinoas ; Master FOK, a yearling, sire a puro Loo bull-to Mr. Living, 55 guineas; Kifloman, 11 months-to Mr. Living, 23 guineas ; Ceusar, 11 months-to Mr. Curtis, 21 guineas ; Cicero. 11 months, siro a puio Loo bull-to Mr. Child, 26 guineas; Picotee, 11 months-to Mi- Clements, 22 guineas; King Tom, 8 months, a fine light roan-to Mr. Child, 45 guinonB ; Victor Emmanuel, 8 months, a itch roan, of good pedigroe- to Mr. W. Buiham, 60 guineas. Mr. Kiss remarked at tho closo of the sale that it wa3 tho worst ho had ever hold ; a romnrk that, no doubt, Mr. Campbell, tho auctioneer in the morning, could tiuly agree with. TnE SOLDIER'S RETURN.-The èrest-fallen Major Kilgour (in tho story of " Eavelston" in tho 'Sydney Matl), returns most unexpectedly to his father's homo tho gatekeeper's lodge at Ravclston. Just at this moment n carriage passed down the avenue, the stranger stood look- ing after it, wondoring who was dead us the two ladies in tho cniriago wero in deep black. " A cold day, friend,^ said the Major, turning to the gatekeeper." " It: is that, " Would you mind letting mo warm my hands at your flrol" "Como in, and wolcome." Cockieleorio's vv.v» a hoBpitnblo disposition. Ho opened the- sido gate,.and tho stranger followed kim into the lodge. Tho roora was small, anil tho heavy caves of the window modo it almost dark this afternoon. Coals had been rocently placed on the firo, so that whilst thero was a red glow beneath tho grate, thero was blnckncss above. " I'll rouso tho firo in a minut*.-sit you down, sit down," said tho host, seating: himself, and beginning to poke the fiio. "Thank you. " You'll bo a stranger hereabouts ? " " Yes, in a manner ; but I bavo been hero before. Is thero any of tho B-avoLston family dead? I saw tho ladies wero in nourning. Cockieleerie p»used. "No, there's naobody dead at tho house, exactly; but, you seo, the young mistress.rando a moonlight marriage, and her man ia said to bo dead, ana they aro all veiy weeli pleu«i-d." Oh! and is tho my pleased Ï " " AVIio eau tell F Theie's nae prospect of her breaking her heart for the loss of her mon. ' u I supiioso sho will hoon tlnow aside her widow's cap, and^maJco a better match next time." "No doubt about it. mo stranger sat for a few seconds in silouce, his hands spread befoie the firo to warm thfia, and serving at tho same time oshaeletho bunill port ion of his face which was visible 'I piesume, fioin what you tell ino," he said, caro eKäly, "that her Into husband was some scarnn whom they wero glad ko cot rid of on any ,tomis 'Ho was nao scamp, sir," said Cockieloeno, willi fierce eneigy, and thrusting tho poker into the Uro so tuai, t flamed up, " he was a bravo man, and ho was- Loi a oe hero, it's himsel' ! " The two men gti?ed at each othoi, Uu> Maiur put out his hand, the bright «anio which tod betrayed him still pla.v mg on his face. The face was much, browner than it had been before his departuie for Spain, but the eyes weie keen and the smile B3 quietly soli-pos- sessed a» ever, only there was a lino of sadness in, «I now. Cockieleerie gulpcel down something which might nftv» been a sob, and ¿ripped the offered band with br,th his own, looking at the long absent son with vender ana intense admiration. "Man, and you're, no ele«d. was his first exclamation. "Pm proud to joe von, Hector. I have thought nbn.at you many» the time, and wished that I »»'¿lit soo , you once befoie 1 gang hame. That's graute-.. : I'm saltshed. JUtt, lad hal it wi/5 hard to thole wlien you weie tore a wniio svnothat you wouldna own me; hut I vvas real prouti n you all tho eauiov" TUo sonptoasod the oW ililli » »and. again. THE PHILADELPHIA EXHIBITION.—We understand that the Commission appointed by the Government have taken measures to obtain a good repre- sentation of the woods indigenous to New South Wales at the Philadelphia Exhibition. A very largo collection of our timlwrs was mude some years ago by the Honorable Sir William Mncailliur. M.L.C., Mr. Charles Moore, F.I..S-, and Mr. Kdvvaid S. Hill, J.P., and, after exhibition in Paris, piCBcntcd to the Royal Botanic Garden at Kow, on the understanding that tfcoy should be li nt to the Government should Ihey ho required for any similar ex- hibition Tho President of the Commission (tho Ilonnr ablo Sir Jumos Martin, Knight, C.J.) has requested the Government to cause application to bo made to Dr. Hooker, ?of Kow, for the use of ther.o specimens, and they will in all probability bo forwarded to the New South Wales Court at Philadelphia. Tho Commissioners hnvo also obtained tho services of Mr. William Carron, ono of tho best botanical collectors in Australia, to procuro ftohi the northorn livers such additional woods as aro not included in the collection at Kew. Mr. Eccleston Du Faur has sent in some good specimens of different sorts of wood from the ncighboiu hood of Mount Wilson, off tho, Groat Western line of inilwny. Mr. W. A. B. Greaves, of Armidale, has promised to send a specimen of that beauti- ful New England beech, known as Fagus Cavioni ; and, Mr. Hanrahan, of the Wingo^arribeo district, has under- taken to contribute specimens of somo of the timbers to bo found in that part of the colony. It may bo expected, therefore, that New South Wales will sond to Philadelphia tho largest and best collection of Australian woods which ha« yot boon oichibitcd. ACCIDENT.—;-Yesterday afternoon, at the new building in courso of erection opposite Messrs. Frazer and -Co.'s éteres, York-sircot, n man named Hugh M'lvor foil and fractured one of his arm*. Ho was at once romoved to tho Infitmary and admitted into the accident ward. BAPTIST UNION.—Last' evening, the Rov. A. W. Webb, the Chairman of the Baptist Union, gavo tho annual address at n public 'mooting in the Buthurst streot church. Tho attendance was moderately largo. To- | night Ibero will bo a tca-nieoring in the Bathurst-stroet schoolroom, in connection with the Baptist nomo and , Foreign Misaion, to bo followed by n publio mooting, at which addresses aro to he given hy ministers of-tho denomination. . ' THE MILK DIFFICULTY IN AUCKLAND.—The iSouthern Cross says that seven other samples of milk liavo leen analysed by Mr. Tunny, and four of them found to bo seriously adulterated, whilo some of the other samólos wore found to bo not "pure milk from the cow." Pro- ceedings aro to bo taken against the oflondorfl, nnd in the event of conviction hiking place, it is to bo hoped tho magistrates will show no mercy, but impose the heaviest penalty the law allows. The milkmen in nnd around Auck- land liavo had ample warning, and mitigated penalties have Ticen already imposed, showing that the Beuch aro deter- mined to enforce the provwions of the statute. Adulterating milk, however, is too profitable an undertaking to be put easily down ; and, judging by tho expérience obtained in Britain, nothing but the most active prosecution, and the imposition of the heaviest -penalties, will put a stop to a trade which gives, in addition to tho regular profits of a money-making occupation, illegitimate profits, ranging from forty to sixty or seventy per cent. To put this statement in the simpo of figures, say a milkman has 100 gallons of pure milk to dispose of in a day ; forty per ceut. of water added thereto makes the quantity to bo disposed of 660 quarts, instead of 100 quarts, if the milk waa sold unadulterated, or c^sh reeoipts, at Gd. per quart, of £14 instead of £10. If sixty por cent, of water wero added, the receipts for the samo quantity of pure miillc wpuld bo £1G iustend of £10, if the milk weio sold jn ,a piiro stale. Thus a great monetary inducement to un- principled minds to act unfairly in the disposal of thaïi , 'milk, and it rests with the magistrates who may bo presid- j jng when guilt in any such cases is brought home ta put a stop to, such practices by the imposition of such fines as, yVill make unfaii dealing in milk monetarily unprofitable. | A SAD DEATH.—The Wide Buy News re- ports:-A boy in the omploy of Mr. Dearnaloy, named 'John Flynn, loft Maryborough on the 31st August, with a horso and oat t to talco somo things from the store to a houso on the Sugar Company's Road, and did not return. Inquirios wore made as to what had becomo of him, with- out success, but cc-iistiiblo Pickering, who was out iat Nerada on duty last Wednosday, rando a shortcut through tho bush and como across the ouït overturned, with tlio -dead body of poor Flynn under it, on a disusod road in the neighbourhood of that plantation. Tho poor boy seems ! to havo takon the wTong road, and then finding out his niis itako rolumod, when the cn-t-whoel got intp a rut, nnd the loading having shifted, the vchiclo upset, and the horso kicked himsolf freo. The body lay pinned to the ground by the cart, and a bag of fiour, and a wound in the temple, mo artery being severed, bled so profusoly as to liavo caused death, john Flynn was 16 years of ago, a steady, sober hoy, and his paronts resido in Maryborough. ' THE EVIL OF IMPORTED BCRDS-A corres- pondent write» to the Auckland livening Star respecting tho depredations of impoited birds at Onohunga: " Permit mo a littlo space in your valunblo columns for the .purpose of protesting against the iniquitous notion of the Acclimatisation Society in introducing destructivo birds. I olludo to hard-billed birds, especially chaflinchos, green linnet«, yellow hammers, and sparrows. Sir, I am a poor man, and depend chiefly on the produce of^ my garden for a livelihood. I sowed lGs. worth of cauliflower nnd cabbago ?seeds, besides can ots, beet, turnips, &c;, two weeks ngo. They aie now totally destroyed by theso curses of the orcliatd and garden, and I shall havo to bo ut the oxponso of buying more seed, wliich I can ill alford as times are, and after such an autumn, and paying the unjust education> _tax. Sir, it is heartbreaking to ti shuggling mnn with a small family to support, te seo his hopes blasted, and crops destroyed without any remedy. Can nothing bo dono to extirpate these vermin ? Had we not enough to do to save part of our crops from the ravages of cater- pillars, crickets, slugs, &c;, without having addi- tional scourges thrown upon us bv the Accliniati sation Socioty? In a few years it will bo impossible to grow cither frnit or vegetables ia the neighbourhood of Auckland. People may begin to awako to the truth of my remarks when thoy aro unablo to procuro a cnuliilowor under Is. Gd. and all othor vegetables in proportion. If somothing is not dono at once, in order to clear the country .of theso feathered pests, the city market will bo a market only in namo. I ask you : what is to bo dono ? ChnU'inchos .and green-liunots nie far moro destructivo to gardeners than sparrows at this season. My radishes, onions, etc., are .lying on thonurfaco of the beds by teas of thousands, whore *thoy havo been pulled up mid the onds nipped off by tho two fo'iiior birds chiefly. On peas, grain, and fruiti the .sparrows aro a terrible cuit-e. Last March I lind nbovo two thousand bunches of grapes rendered unsaloablo by them, beside* many buBhcls of peas, not peeks only. My wife tied about three hundred of the best bunches in tissue paper, but the sparrows toro olf the covering, and picked out tho seeds. I had two acres of oats, but, as soon as the kernels formed, it was attacked by clouds of linnets and sparrows, and ovoiy grain picked off eleanor than if it lind boen thrashed. 1 ask again : whnt-atn I to do ??" A CHAPTER OF ACCIDENTS.—The Goulburn Tost of the 7th instant roports :-A littlo boy about six years of agc, son of Mr. George Broom, who resides bahind the Wesleyan schoolrooms in Goldsmith-steet, on Saturday last went with his father into the bush for the purpose of obtaining a load of firewood. The dray having been loaded, tho child ran for the axe, and whilst bringing the same to his father he unfortunately fell, and his hand coming in contact with the blade of the axe, the little finger was cut off.—On the same day Mr. Denis Carroll, a publican on the Yass road keeping the Navvies' Home, was leadingai horse, when through some causo the animal gave a sudden jerk, which forced the arm from its position ; but the medical gentleman who was consulted soon put that useful member into its proper place.—On Sunday Mr. John Quinn, who resides at Taralga, had the misfortune to fall down a flight of steps, by which he sustained a dislocation of the shoulder. —On Saturday a son of Mr. Reuben Russell, of Goulburn, named Samuel Russell, was driving a cart, when from some unaccountable cause he fell out between the animal and the vehicle, the wheel of which passed over him and broke his collar-bone.—In each of the above cases the services of Dr. Selby M. Morton were brought into requisition; and the different parties are now doing as well as the nature of their various injuries will allow. CATTLE-STEALING IN THE Dunno DISTRICT. Wo {Dubbo DUpatclq regret to think that cuttle-stealing ' is again becoming rife in this district. Wo hnvo hoard recently of several very flagrant offences. It was tliought that fencing would prevent, in a great measure, rtio crime ; but it is ovideiitly no détonent to thoso in theso parts who covet their neighbours'cattle." During the past month tho paddocks of two squatters on the Macqunrio havo ¿con ontercd and a large number of fat cattle taken away-and -so clovelly takon off, Unit though the persons robbed have no doubt as to the identity of tlioir friends, still itis impos- sible to cany to conviction any charge. Theio is molo Uwn enough evidence of moral guilt, but not sufficieut to constitute legal guilt. Thcro is only one vvay lo stop c ittle-stcaling, and that is i by offering large îewards. This can best be done 'by an association of mon, with a common interest, subsaribing ,, pro rata to a general, fund. There is a movement now on foot to cstnblibh a Cattle Stealing Prevention Society at Dubbo-one we hope whit h w ill not wind up so abruptly ns tlio last. A meeting m connection with the mutter will bo ' He a hero, in October next-dining the assuo week-and it is to be hoped all who fell an interest in not only their own -1 report)' Lut in putting down a very serious, and, wo fear, înviry- §cu,eral CTime> w>H attend. A man who losci 30 or 40 head of cattle ye.ujy loses £150 or £200 ; and this is a . .consideration. Apittt from Unit altogether, theoffeneo is' one that will grow till it becomes intolerable if iU bo not j koptimdor by effective means. . j ',..? ¿DnovyNBD IN THE YARRA.— Tho body'of a ?' 'man has been found llonting in the Yana, near the Col-' hngwood Hotel. The body was identified by the sister of . 'tho deceased as tluit of James Huggins, thiriy-flvo years n resident of- Collingwood. Deceased had been omntoved vvithlielding, butcher, Smith-stieet, up to a fevy days -,. «ince. Somo montlib ago ho met with an aeddeut by which ,."..ho.loBl several of the dilgers of his lefthand.' This ¿Wally would appear to hil ve ltndorod bim low spirited,-as ho ooii "I J'Sfír?''iatflowiis'üfiHbío (o máíntmn his family'com-' lor ably.— Deceased,'who leaves a wife and tin co I younT children, vyas .highly respected. -It' is ' suppo.cil that Huggins ihicw'liihiifclf'mio the river whilst lubouvinsrt «ador a fit of temporary insanity.'" .«.. .i. ".».;. I I SNAKE-nriE.^-A caso of snake-lnto has been brought undor under our notice. Yesterday morning (says . tho liockhompion Jiutlctin, September 2) a child about twelve years of ngo was playing "near the rosidonco of Mr. Cross, at Gracemere and whilst passing some old logs was bitten on the side of hi» toos by a snake. Ho at onco ran home, and told his mother of the fact. The alannod woman applied the limited romodics in hor povvor, and at onco arranged foi the convoyanco of the boy to town for piopcr medical treatment. On the way in the lad went off into a sound sleep, and it was with the utmost difficulty ; that he was moused on his arrival in town. Dr. Callaghan, was called in, and saw the child as soon as he got to Rock-, hampton. Tho wound was scarified, and nccossary cura- tives administered, and the boy is now doing well and likely to leeovei. The quantity of brandy taken by the injured youth is said to havo been something astonishing,' and tho most surprising part of the matter is, it did not appear to have any effect on lum. ONE THOUSAND FEET IN DEPTH.—Tho Bendigo Advertiser has the following notico in its raining report: Tho fact of one of our mining companies (tho old Hustler s) having attained a depth of 1000 foot in their shaft, has a, very significant bearing upon our modern researches in the deep ground, for it primarily proves that wo hnvo both tho' will and the necessary attuininonts to surmount any difiU culty which is prcsonted hy the deep country. For some timo past this company, viz., the Hustler's Drainago and| Qunrtz Mining Company, havo been Tosolvcd upon achiov ing the honour of getting to the 1000-feot lovel boforo any, other companies rivalling thom in the attempt, and wo havo to roport that they have, under the management of Mr.' Jackson, succeeded in sinking the deepest shaft on Bondigo up to the present time, and "in doing so it may also bo observed that moro than ordinary difficulties had to bo sur- mounted. The mnin shaft of this company has boon sunk and squared up to the total depth sunk, and it is a note- worthy fact thnt at that great dopth the Silurian rooks present a very remarkablo clean nppoaranco, being woll . divided in clearly defined bars of slate oast and west of a central bed of dense and finely grained sandstono occupying 'the centro and bottom of the shaft. Tho sandstono is about 4 feet G inches in width, and the good progress recently mndo in sinking, oven at this oxtiemo dopth, waa much accelerated by a (lucan, which has since gopo out of tho shaft, and therefore such will rondor futuro progress ' loss rapid than heretofore. Tho sinking of this deep shaft has not, however, absorbed nltogother the attention of this per- severing company from tboir other explorative operations at higher levels, for it was folt that both theso operations must of necessity go hand in hand, and thcrcforo thoy hnve put in crosscuts at the end of their 900-fect lovol, south of the shaft, to the cast for a distance of nearly two score feet through on anticlinal division of the country. AN UNWILLING WITNESS.—During the hear- ing of a clmrgo against Patrick Flynn, of cattle-stealing, at tho Eaglehawk Polico Court, on the ord instant (says tho ilendiffo Advertiser), a woman named Mary Hynes was called by defectivo Aloxiindor to give ovidonco. She was standing in the body of the Court, and although she answered to the call, sho did not como forward. Fora third timo the defectivo called on her to get into tho witness-box, and sho becamo very demonstrative, saying, " No, I won't, I havo nothing to do with the case, what do >ou want mo for!"' Sho kept on in this strain for some minutes, when Mr. Cogdun, who presided, informed hor that if she did not obey his direction, ho would send her to gaol for contempt of Court. Sho did not heed this romaik, and Mr. Cogoon ordered ono of the constables to nia est her. She probably thought discrotion the better pait of valour, as sho proceeded to tlio witness-box, although in a very reluctant man- ner. Not to bo outdone, howovor, sho would, not tnkn the oath, till sho got an answer to the query, .'Wheio is my wages?" Sho got rather a smart answor from the Polico Magistrate, who informed her that sho was a Crown witness, and that if she gave any further impu- dence she would bo committed. This statement evidentlj frightened Mrs. Hynes, who seomed very indignant, as she foithwith gavo hor evidence, which fully boro out the re- mark she niado at the commencement that sho know nothing about the case. The detective oxnmined h'ei -sovercly on the point as to whothor sho did not know certain things, or whether she would not know them b'o cnuso sho was afraid sho would bo burned out, but he tailed to shako her testimony. Mr. Strickland, who appeared for the prisoner in the case, said that he lind been instructed by his uttomoy (Mi. Wrixon) tliat Ihey had not had any communication with the witness. j SPURIOUS IIALF-SOVEREIONS ,-"All that glitters is not gold," the old proverb tolls us; and from what has boen shown us 'Northern Argus) by detective Barry this hits been too forcibly illustrated to somo of our townspeople to ho at all agrectiblo. Two coins «vero put into our hands by the above cnorgetic and useful 'member of the detect ivo force, which at the first blush wo should have said weio half-sovereigns, and ns such they liad been taken ; but upon examining the coin, through the film or wash of gold that was upon it, the coin itself peeped out, and revealed a sixpence Some ono who is trying to live by his wits has attempted this schema to swindle tho public, but a littlo caro on the part of thoso concorned will frustrate his intention, ns till sixponcos worthy of the nanto -that is to say, which are not defaced or too much worn havo the woid " sixpence " stamped upon them, and this alono should mako matters securo. At the samo time, without a woid of caution, others may bo taken in by tho trick, whereas a word may suffice to provont it. Of courso tho difieience in woight between the golden coin and the silver ono would bo clearly perceptible to such as aro care- ful nnd observant in the handling of niouoy ; but it unfor- tunately happeus in too many instances that great care- lessness is manifested in such matters. ATTACK ON ISLAND TRADERS.—The schooner Stnnloy reports (says the Maryborough Chronicle) a. fracas at Lepcis Island. Two of her boats had been engaged during Tuosday, 13th July, trading along the N.W. coast, but had not secured any recruits. About 4.30 p.m., when tho boats vero about n quarter of a milo opart, but not in sight of each other, and the vessel lying about a milo from -shore, two islanders voluntceied for Queensland. The boat was, accordingly, takon in, and the two boys carne on board, accompanied by threo frionds, who wore apparently desirous of seeing their kinsmon off. Tho boat was manned by four islanders, Mr. Crank, super-cargo, and Mr. Money and Dr. Archdale, passengers. A third boy, expressed a wish to join the recruits; but the other iblunders objected to his leaving the island ; in the alterca- tion which ensued among the natives the boat was sur- rounded. Suddenly, at somo pre- arranged signa]i an ttttack was mado upon the mon in the boat ; Messrs. Money, Archdale, and the boat's crew wore thrown down. Mr. Crunk dodged the blow of a tomahawk aimed at his head, and lcccivcd the blow on his shoutdor. It, however, inflicted no greater injury than a sovere biuiso. With admirable presence of mind he used his fists to good ad- vantage, knocking the two newly acquired recruits from the boat into the water, thoir thiee frionds taking a '' header" ntter thom. By this timo one of the boat's crow who had . been knocked down and had his thumb cut oft in the strugglo, regained his feet, and, raising his musket, shot ono of the nativos. Messrs. Crank, Money, and Ai elídalo also managed to get their revolvéis, and fired upon the savages. In tho momentary panic which ensued, Messrs. Crank and Money pullod for the schooner, Dr. Archdale standing in tho stern and keeping the enemy at bay with his revolvor. The boat was, however, followed by ilights of arrows, and on coming alongside, over a dozen wcro found in the botte m, and several sticking m the sides. It is believed that two natives wcro killed, and others wounded. Of thoi-o in the boat, Mr. Crank received au arrow-wound in the hand. One of the boat's crow was tomahawked on both hands, and bad his thumb cut completely off ; another was tomahawked on the head, the skull beinc blightly ponotratcd. A Futuna man was injured in the haul, aud a Tauna niau had a lal go bone- headed arrow driven right through the llcshy part of his arm. Forttinntely the schooner carried a medical man, and to the remedies promptly applied most of the wounded mon probably owe their lives. There is a great deal of sickness at the islands just now, mostly dj sentery and measles, and the beliof-not an unreasonable one-is said to hnvo gained ground amongst the islanders that theso diseases have been introducod among thom by the white men. Hence great dilltculty is encountered in reciuiting, and to this cause may bo attributed the murder of Commodore Goodenough, as well us this unprovoked nitnck on the Stanley's ciew. SERVANT-GIRLIS.V.—The following is the latest phase of this perplexing subject accoiding Mel- bourne Punch :-A fevv weeks ngo wo bud the particulais in the papera of how a grass widower was plundered by a confidential femalo sorvant of a house-full of furniture, his suspicion being at last awakened by finding that a sowing machine had disappeared. This weok another grass widow ci told mo that ho gavo his housekeeper a night's leave to go and seo hor sick mother. Ile went himself the santo night to the thcatie, and was astonished to see a lady in a 6eiit in tho,dress ciiclo just before him, who from her dress, ho took to bo his wife that ho thought was two hun- dí ed miles away. There was her dress,' her shawl, her jewellery, her fan, and a wraith of artificial flowers on hor litad that he thought ho could swear to. Anxious to seo tho lady who paid his wife the practical compliment of dressing exactly on her model, ho waited till she toso lo depart, and was îçwaidcd by meeting face to face his hou-ckeeper iu his wife's clothes, leaning on the arm of his gioom in his own! My friend is an easy-going man, and would have looked ovor the housekeeper's offence, but the groom, ho said, must go. Whoroupon Mrs. Bridgot took high ground. <' What is sauce for the gander is sauce for the goose,," said she ; " John were no worso than mc, mid if ho goes, I go." And accoidingly thoy both went. Moral -Gentlemen who wish to keep their sei vants should'nt go' lo the theatre nt inconvenient times. Moial second Ladles would bo better at homo looking after' thoir own and their husband's clothes than gallivanting hbcfut tlio I countiy. Moral third-Tho reader is requested to 'supply I the thiid to suit himself. I | IIOHSE-DREEDÍNG AT WAGGA.—We ^Express) leam that Captain Upton, wlio is a very high authority upon the subjoct of the Arab horso, recently compldtcd tho purchase of a howe for Mr. Dangar, the welUknovvn bleeder. Tho price paid waa upwards of £2000. Captain I Upton is nt pret-cut in Arabia, with Uie'vicw of procuring two maics, also foi Mr. Dangar. Owing to a Tuikish pro- hibition against the exportation of Arab horses for tlu; .period of seven years, Captain Upton was compelled't>3V leave the horse ho purchased, and. visit 'Rnglnniïvv'itli á,' view of procuring, .through the agency'of the Foreign'' iOflleo(aiobixutioii of this íoijtiicüon iu his ciso, lill with wuaU'ui 