.h'xeME~~olitii al G6ossip. ~. PI'RKES"'TICKS TO INJURE THE PRESENT B . INISTR Y. T?E following political tittle-tattle was sent to the Bathurst 2Times for insertion by a gentle WhiwlioW deceived it from a friond in .Sydney: " You are not far out in your conjectures relative to the movements of Parkes and his friends. Parkes has .resu'mred,lin full vigour his usual out-of-oflice work of abusing and misrepresenting the.men in power through an obscure paper. Formerly, when he was deprived of place, he had at one time the Ghost, at another the Lictor for his accommodation. N.ow. his concoctions are to be seen in the Stockwklip, which has become notorious for the publioity it gives to the opinions of Free Thinkers. ie has likewise, it is whispered, bieen onudeavouring to get the' tin' for the establishment of a new daily paper in Sydney, but the fatality, which has followed every commercial .undertaking in which he has been engaged is against him, and the ex-Premier is eodiipelled, for the lack of a.better medium for his purposes, to resort to the Stockwlhip, and sometimes to the Cumber land Times. WValter Cooper is also a con tributor to the Stockwhzoip, and he flatters him self that his slangwhanging against the Ministry is producing a wonderful effect. Cooper Is great in sensational rumours pre judicial tb the Ministry, which he is probably :thbe?firiat td' put in circulation at street corners, oasid-thenUin the press, as publio rumours. One week he has it that most of the members: of the Government intend to take permanent billets, and that they are to be succeeded by members, of. the late Government. Next he li's it that'the Government are preparing for a break up at Christmas, the wish being, doubtless, father to the thought. The attacks on' "'Minist~irs and their friends in the Sti·ckwhi aire scurrilous enough in all conscience; but .bad as they are, they are not as venomous and insulting as used to appear about Suthcrland and Samuel in the Lictor when thley were members of a previous Robortson Ministry. Sutherland and Samuel h'a~e ;been colleagues of Parkes since the Ghost and Lictor days, and I am informed they have reason to .regre it. J rarkes is again very hungry for office, and the rumour runs that he intends to trip-up the Government when ever he has a chance, in the hope of getting -back:to place and pay, "but his prospects are not bright at present. If Ministers act only with caution and judgmont they will defeat his pu'rposes aud keep him at bay as long as the present ]Parliament lasts. Parkes' little political game has been played out. His " high falutin" and lofty pretensions do not accord with his conduct when in office, and this is the general opinion. In office he gave himself airs, and out of office he has not forgotten them. I intend writing you again " A sister of ox-Governor.~enter of Tennessee fell into a tranoe so closely resembling death that she ras" prPared for burial. Upon re vival mite said she had been with her father who had been dead many years. 