MR MOODY'S SERMON AND STYLE. 1 ? ? 1 (JDaih) Neivs. Mareh l0t,h.'i ; j . Mr Moody's stylo of preact'iiig, as : demon strated in this addressi' does not'laok impr'es siycnbss bfa'kmd; / , It is triie1 thatlicis ex-: iremcly diffuse!, that lib is uncbrinected, ranib j ling;, and' given; ; to; repetition ?: : that lie I ^,squahde'rs hiriisolf,' if the expression is al-! | ^bWable, so that .he dilates1 -liis climiix ' often! into' iin anti-climax.: But - lie is 'full of pithy jond, manitests. 'great . earnestness! ; ho is con'x Ijtinuaily saying^ ^c[uaint^ ^racy 'things,:' such- as', liW.e.aT^ quite jUnaccustomed ' to hoar fromia ['P.mpit^suclVjas arp 'often' int'Pnsely; grotesque, and npt unfrcqu'en'tly raise'; an ' audiblo laughl His, manner of treatmeht is not by-'argament, f^lcss^yrh'otoirict^ai by: dint: of moro! or less apppsitb illftstrations'^ 'fHe 'works^/by th'e citation', bf -instiincbs, '''which lie narrates in his p'wn .pliraseology,.and ; the ev'eivreciifHiig Americanism's liave a' ; which to ??on liriglish audien'cb lias a fresh and -novel effecft, /( The truth' wliichlie laid! liimsblf : oiit! to enforce 'aiid illustrat'b was : thiit ? il-'Gbd's ; ways were hot as ma!h's ways',' -arid that He! chose liis, inktriiments oii a, 'principlb- which! tp, meij . appeared jiassirig strange, aud - some-.' itimbs-indbcd absurd, ''from'tlieir hurriaft' point of view. He said' that what he feared most; in coming to this: wo.fk in London was 1 lost inany should'be' leanirig on the arm of 'tho flesh, and 011 tlio. influence of a '' great meet 'nS»'--M1d-so wpuld be getting, their eyes awav from God, ' There's no new Gospel,' hp oxcl aimed ; '''it's' the old story; The world of to-day is always running after somethiiie new ; but if you come hero expecting novelty, I tell you you'll' bo, disappointed.' Their message was the same as that of ' the; e ministers — and with us it is in weakness too j , for there's hundreds of men in London can preach better nor wo can. - What we want is to look right straight away from man, right straight up to God. If God's going to work in London, He must work in His own way, and all we're going to do is to mark out channels for the Holy Ghost. God will take His choice of instruments and means. There's a mountain, God wants to thrash that mountain. Well, Ho don't take up an iron bar ; He ketches hold of a little worm to thrash that mountain. When God was going to destroy the world, He did not warn a nation or the world, but a single man, whom the nations held in contempt and jeered at. . .- Why, God's way of j delivering tho Children of ^Israel was differ ent altogether from what ours would have been. We'd have sent an array, or if we'd been going to send a single man, we'd not havo chosen one who'd been forty years at the backside of the desert. But he sent a quiet, hnrabio kind of man', one whom wo'd can, 1 suppose, a stuttering man, and He said ' tell them I AM.' That was a blank cheque which he was to fill in by-and-by with water from the rock and manna in the desert. Tho man whom God works with riiost is always considered, by the world; tlio greatest fool. Enoch wasn't a bright man to the world, but God said ' Come up here, Enoch r Noali was thb laughing-stock of his day. Look at Joshnn, going ? tramping i;oimd thb walls of ' Jericho blowing ? horns -—the most absurd thing in- the eyes of the i?1 fl'-~do Wririglit ridiculous. Why, What worild the English prbss havo to say of jsrich a craay-like proceeding 7 Fancy the Arch-' bishop of Canterbury1 trapesing' round |Lon dbn blowing horrts !' He'd have h'ad'gbiden horns any liow.!: Loalc at' Snm.snn— how he worked with the jawborie of iin ass ; lie slew .a thousand men;'; We! don't 'like to'go''to: work .with tile jawbone of au ass ; we'd; pre fer 'polished weapon's:: : :Biit~if we are to hb in earoest, w:o, must grab up the1 first -jiiivhbne of,an ass /We/ cha'nteb ori,- ^ and use it 'for ! God. j ,u ♦. ' » Lool^at the seeming absurdity of a/raven sent to feed ;thef Prophet,' and then1 tlie Prophet sent' for 'food, '-riot' td !'a i palacp ?wieh Weel-furiiishbd'' tables',' but^ ^ to ' a poor w.idbw,''and/she!lwith'a child-'' h ;ir. Mr iloody then' drew for ah iilustratibii oh modern and seoiilar' history;' '- ' The (.l.evil,' .said;lib,' ' got his match ^h'eii 'he got' hold oiT Jblin- Bun^aii, the Bedford ^tinker. ' ; I hope' T,;honi G 6 ; 1 will /u^o foi' iiis servicc. : : A Ihiii drcd such men -as Jbhii 'Wbsioy woul(l,make ^thewbrld tremble' ifaside of H' 'twblVemoiith.'' Thbh'he went' hack/ to Holy Writ; . : » I'd give more for suc]]^ n'man. ,'ls' jS.iiiI of' Tarsus liibw1 , London . fhati'for ten thousand such riieii as' arb .not wholly for God;' being mixed iip' with the world- ./? London 'heyer '.saw ^'it'h^y'so' many gi-eiit preachers as hoiir ;? but it's' not thc eloquende bf man, but the, power;bf' God, .'breaking men's hearth, that does the busiripss; '3-i all nges God has ii^ed sepmjrigly wealchumiiri' instruments.' j .1 won der lie, don't take tho job out of our hands arid give the work to angels. It's the heart for the woi;k that is wanted. It does liot mattor about tho talents— God will find tho talent.' Mr Moody then said that there were three classes ill especial who ought to be in sympa thy .with this, movement. Clergymen, be cause they (Messrs Moody and Sankoy) had come to strengthen their hands, not to thwart their efforts. ; Sabbath school toaohers, mis sionaries, and colporteurs ; and the fathers and mothers, becauso they, (Messrs Moody and So.nkey),«amo in the name.'of their Mas tor to . snatch their children front tho'haurits of vice to a pure life. Ho concluded his ad dress .by, enforcing ' tho virtue ! of, unity: '?' With; pulpit and.pew together Christianity should be like a red-hot ball rolling over the world, against which nothing can stand. Mr Sanlcey led tho congregation ih the hymn, 'Hold the Fort !' and the proceedings iwcro terminated by thb benodiction, pronounced by the Rev. Dr. Allon. It was quito a quarter of an hour before tlio vast throng was able to discharge itself from the interior of the hall, fuid_i.it was stated that admission had to, bo denied to several hundreds. Wni3N a- howling storm of snoW and wind c°mcs on just after a -man haslremoved a four-foot drift from his front gate, he begins to lose faith in special Provideticcs. 