',',.'?: SOUTHERN NEWS. ,; :?;-... -(From the Mercury.) ; . ? ; ., The Exeoutlve Committee of the Bene volcnt Society at Hohart Town, ;. mot on 4th- inst. Present : Dr. Hall (chairman), Messrs. T. S. Crouch, and Dowdell. O116 application for relief was dealt with. , The tender of Mr Pratt, at £2 10s,. for printing the annual report was accepted, being the only ono sent in. xi was aeciaea 10 dis tribute a circular to the following effect :— ' The Executive Committee of the Robartbn Benevolent Society in forwarding to you the annual report for 1874, beg to call your at tention to the altered condition of the financial prospects of' the society for the present year. The Government will thia year only aid the society to the amount con- . tributed from other sources, and that not to exceed £400. You willp.crcciye)by thereport, that subscriptions last year only realized £ 151 10s lid, and came from G3 persons— 15 of whom contributed considerably more than one-half of the amount. The com mitte having laid out in debentures most of the casual legacies mode to the society, reaped from the interest thereon last year £145, making a total. receipt of £200 103 lid. It1 will, therefore, require additional sub scriptions this year to the amount of £103 9s id, to enable the committee to draw from the Treasury the £400 preferred. Suppos ing the expenditure in relief and manage ment this year to be the same as last, the total receipts must amount to £713 ISs 4d. Additional annual subscribers must, there fore be obtained, or the operations of this society in relieving real destitution be con siderably curtailed. The. committee, there fore, confidently appeal to you to become an annual subscriber' to the funds, and the collector (Mr Ayton), will wait .upon you for that purpose.' .'.. ? ,.'????? Ellen Sculthorpe, licensed proprietress of -the Ocean !Child Inn, Argyle-street, on Friday nppoiired for' the second time at the Police Court, charged by Superintendent Propsting with keeping a : disorderly house on the 30th' ultimo. Mr Crisp appeared for the defence. A great deal of evidence was heard on both ' sides, and the case was ulti mately adjourned until this day, in order to obtain the attendance of a necessary witness. Some ten seamen of the vessel. Sarah Pile were also brought up on- the charge of re-, fusing to work, by the. master of the vessel, Captain Herbert. All the defendants except one pleaded not guilty, and the case was adjourned till Saturday, in order to procure the evidence of the second mate, who was not present, and failed to be found by mes sengers sent in quest of him. Several breaches of the School Act also came before the Bench, and from the frequent appear ance of Mr ;Stuart as a prosecutor, it would seem that one class of the inhabitants of Tasmania do not: at all appreciate the blessings of education, free or otherwise. On Friday a man named John Jeffrey, employed at McGregor's ship yard in the domain, was lowering a stage at the side of a vessel, when the rope broke, and he was .precipitated a distance of 15 feet, sustaining a fracture of the left arm above the elbow. He was laken to the hospital . The second heat for the Club Gup (the first of which was won on January 9th by the Iris) was sailed, as advertised, en;Saturday. afternoon, and. resulted ? in a ..victory for the Commodore's boat,*. Foam. ' Mr Guesdon' again officiated as starter, and despatched the four competitors entered, viz., Garibaldi, Fleetwing,- Iris, and Foam, at six minutes past three,- half-an-hour after time, owing to the non-arrival, as usual, of the Elcetwingat the warp. After passing ,the ;Slau{rhter house Buoy in the following .order, Fleet wing,, Garibaldi, . Foam,;Iris, four minutes after starting, the boats separated in their different methods of beating down to the buoy off Sau'dy Bay Point, and it was difficult to say which had- that great desidera tum, the 'weather gauge' until with the aid of a good binocular it was seen that . they rounded as, follows :— Foam, 4h. 3min; ; Iris, 4h. 4miri. 30sec.j Fleetwing, 4h. 5rain. 55sec; Garibaldi, -lh.7min.5sec.' Square sails were immediately set, and a magnificent run .back resulted, but without, altering their relative positions. In this order, too, the second round was made, except that the Garibaldi, by a bit of capital sailing, in the last run home, managed to finish a length ahead of the Fleetwing. The race terminated by the ? Foam passing the Svinning post atfili. 16min.; Iris, 5h. 17min.-45scc. ; Garibaldi, 5h:39min. 18sec ; Fleetwing, 5h.39min.23sec. As the Iris had to allow the Foam half a minute, the Commodore thus wins by 2Jmin ? ? . After a delay of some weeks, during which some necessary arrangements were made, the furnace, .at; the ; Derwent Iron Works was lit on Monday, 1st instant, and on Friday the first casting, was made. Since then, several tons of iron were turned out, it is superior in quality to any yet made, and will no doubt command a ready sale. The furnace arid everything connected with ' the establishment has been so far acting' satisfactorily, and in a very short time there '?? will be such a stock: of iron as will set at rest all doubts as to the success of the works, even in. the niinds of those who have been sceptical regarding the speculation. The arrangements for His Excellency the Governor making a toiir through the island on horseback have been completed, and we are eriabled.to make the following announce-' nientof'tlie period of starting and' route. His Excellency will set out on- Monday next,' the 15th 'inst., accompanied by' his private' secretary (Mr Weld^-Blundell) and an orderly; His Excellency will - first proceed to New Norfolk, . whence, proceeding by ? Gretna Greep and Macquarie Plains,:he; will reach Hamilton . ?'. From Hamilton' he . will travel the somewhat rough 'but romantic road to Bothwell. Frorii that tho .party will ^ifind their way to Tunbridge, Ross, Campbell Town, and Launceston,' arriving at the last-, named place on or about Saturday, the 20th inst.' At Launceston His Excellency -will1 hold a.levee, and he' will remain there 'till after the races. After the races His Excel-. leney.wilLprobably continue his tour, pro-, ceeding through the. western districts;' and ? should facilities offer, it is His Excellency's wish to proceed as far as'. Mount Bischoff, and then, 'on his return from' Launcestbn, diverge into the Fingal districts,1 and, we should hope, proceeding' by St. Mary's Pass to Falmb'uth and George's' Bay: ;.-'.'- . We understand that; Captain Chandler invited a party of friends to accompany him on Thursday in the TT.S.S Swatara, . on a trip up- the river, to a point opposite the ? Elwick racecourse. . ?.??;.??- - ? '-'. At- last we have a solution of that pscudo ' phantom ' which has for : several nights past ; attracted a' crowd of peopleito'tho neighbbr i hood of ? S.t.; George's rburial ground; arid ? which some persons have been foolish enough i i o imagine' was: a . 'ghost.' v. On, Sunday ;?: eveniDg,about a quarter to 10 o'clock, Cap tain .William's, formerly of the Kettrel, with two relatives, was passing up the Sandy Bay toad, when he heard screams coming from, tho. direction of Mr Oobornc's house. On going there, he found two young women in a fainting condition, occasioned, as he after wards found, by their having- seen the some thing in white, popularly known as ' the ? ghost.' Captain Williams, who was assisted by a young man, at once began searching in the paddock adjoining, and amongst the briar bushes, he found a white. skirt, a white hood, and a pair of stays. Then they espied a white object at the back of the foiicc, and pursuing it, soon found that it was a young woman. She had a companion in the shape of a young man, who it seems had been wearing the skirt and hood,- but .had quickly thrown them off, and decamped, tho darkness enabling him to get away along St. George's Hill. The young woman was thus left alone ; and in reply to Capt. Wil liams, she said that herself and the young man had been attracted to the .spot by the cries of tho two females who had been frightened, and that the young man had ran away because Captain Williams called out ' shoot him, shoot him,' which that gentle man positively denies having done. In reply: to another question, the young woman said' her companion's Christian name was Arthur, but she did not know his surname. Later in tho evening, however, she wont' to Captain Williams' house, and gavo , that gentleman a card, with the name' Arthur ? 'thereou,saying that that was the name of her companion, who wished to see Captain Williams at his office the next morning. Captain Williams remarked to her that it whs- vury Hirnugv aim miuuiu im**;. iih; www of the young man whom he believed confi dently to be the ' ghost',' and asked her why the person whose name is on the. card did not como personally instead of sending her ? The girl merely replied that she did not like to give his name at first, because Captain Williams might think he' was the ghost,' .which that . gentleman unquestion . ably does believe. He informs us also that he saw another young man and woman in Osborne's garden near the side of the fence, and also a third young man, and he believes that the ' ghost' affair ,was a planned thing amongst the lot of them. The neighbors state that the ' ghost' has always started on his brief tour from or near Osborne's garden, which is an excellent place for ? escaping, as the fence can easily be jumped over, and the trees act as ascreen from any searchers. The above particulars have been reported to, the police, and no doubt steps will be taken to punish the parties guilty of this absurd but dangerous freak. Shortly after five o'clock on Monday evening a man named George Wells, a shipwright, in the employment of Mr J. McGregor, on reaching shore, after having completed a day 's work on board the Swatara, was, seized with a sudden fit of coughing, which caused a blood vessel to burst. This hfiiug observed by the by standers,they sent for acabj and Wells was promptly placed in it. After the cab had proceeded a short distance it was discovered that the poor follow had died. The. body of the deceased was'taken to liis late home, at Mr McGregor's shipyard. We believe that the deceased leaves a wife and six children. ' On Monday afternoon. While a buggy and pair, belonging : to Mr Joshua ? Moore, was standing outside the Cascade Brewery, the horses suddenly took fright, and bolted down Macquarie street at .'a furious rate, coming into collision with a coal cart stand ing in the street. The buggy was almost smashed to pieces, and one of the horses severely injured. '?????? ? ' On Tuesday afternoon, His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by the Hon. the Colonial Secretary and the Hon. the Attorney General and Mr Wold-Blundell, ; private secretary, visited the Male Invalid Depot. Brickfields. The'party were shown over the whole establishment and stores by Mr Withrington, 'the Superintendent. His Excellency expressed himself much pleased with the cleanliness and order that every-' where prevailed, and made an entry, recom mending the imthediate fitting up of the contemplated new bath. His Excellency.also eApmaauu ills -otifUi9Ki.uuiuii.uii .visiuiug nut; newsroom, and said it would. afford.him much pleasure to follow the. example of his prede cessor, and supply tho ? rendingroom with such publications as had been sent by Mr Du Cane. ' ... ' ''? '. ' ,.,'.'! ' ''? ' . ' His Excellency next, accompanied by the same gentlemen, and also by Mr Swan, the' Sheriff, paid a visit to the prison, Camp bell-street, which they were shown over by Mr Atkins. His- Excellency inspected the establishment minutely, and as in the case of the Brickfields,, expressed great satisfac tion with the general good order and cleanli ness; . . ? , y. ? ? .;?.?.'?? ;.. ^ ? - : The Sydney team of cricketers left on Tuesday for ; home, . by the steamship City of Hobart. On the steamer leaving the wharf, ' the departing cricketers, who had mustered on the bridge, gave three .cheers for' their late opponents. The latter, who were stationed on the wharf, cordially re turned the compliment. By the samest'eamer, the Eight Rev; Dr. Murray, Bishop of Mait land, was a. passenger, and a number of the Roman Catholic clergy and friends assembled on the wharf,. arid wished the rev. gontleriian a pleasant voyage. . Mr and Mrs Hoskins were, also passengers by the .City of Hobart. An adjourned meeting of those desirous of forming a volunteer corps, was held at Beau mont's. Hotel, on , Tuesday evening.;. .About twenty-four persons 'attended. :In the, absence of thechairraan, Dr. Crowther, jiin.j and also', .as 18 names were still wanting to make the required total of 100, the meeting was adjourned till Tuesday next. , ' ; ' ' The cruel' conduct of the mischievous ghost manufacturers has had a stop put on ; it, and riot before tiine, for thdughV it may seem'difficult to believe in such a thing at .this period of the 19th century, there'eanbe no doubt that several persons have been frightened to a degree causing^ bodily: and mental suffering. , The guilty offenders are well- known, and-. yet nothing, in so far. as we have heard, has been done to bring them to justice, or even, to expose .them; How, is this ??, Are some of the offenders among the ' respectables,y/and, therefore^ permitted to do' mischief .with impunity ; or' has^the offence been squared ? Jf so, at whatprice, and for whose profit?- ' ?? ; Some of those watching the arrival of the Tasman on Wednesday, observed como on shore a .number .of the. Melbourne swell mob. . We would, therefore, advise, visitors, publicans; and others doing business at the racecourse; to be ' careful iwhat money they take, ' and ' to be ? cautious as : to ' those for whom- they /change money. -;Unsigried: and bad ,barik. notes arid; sweated sovereigns' aro the most recent Melbourne impositions. AIL who enter on any game,' whether chanoo or skill, may:. lay .their account with being swindled. ' ? ..-.; ' At an early hour this (Thursday) mornr ing, the clipper ship Wngoula, in command of Captain Cairncross, will depart on her homeward voyage. Amongst the specimens of Tasuianian natural history taken by this vessel, we noticed about 150 roselln parrots, a number of mountain parrots, firctails, and magpies, tree and other varieties of ferns, and native plants. la this varied collection are several treo ferns, and a case of living plants obtained from the top of Mount Wellington, forwarded : by our Royal Society to the Royal Gardens at Kow. . 