EPITOME OF NEWS. We compile the following from the various jour nals to hand :— The ' Dunedin Star' states that one of the strangest scenes ever witnessed in the Roman Catholic Church took place in Omaru, where the clergyman in his robes denounced from the altar certain members of the congregation. Father Donovan, in very strong lauguage, stated that the pro moters of the recent H. A. C. B. S. 's ball, in consenting in deference to other peo ple's feelings to leave out the Pope's health, were unworthy of the name of Irishmen or Roman Catholics, and that tliey should be shunned and avoided by his congregation. The proceedings are likely to form the subject of litigation in a law court at the suit of members of Father Donovan's congregation, unless an ample apology is made to the men so pub licly spoken of by him. The Humbug Creek correspondent of the * Burrangong Chronicle' states that a shepherd in the employment of Mr. Tay lor, of Youngarra, was attacked in a most brutal manner on the 37tli March. The man, whose name is Hall, was supposed to carry some money always about with him, and was in the bush as usual, some where in the vicinity of the main road, when he was suddenly pounced upon by two footpads, and as he would not give up his money he was severely beaten with cudgels, and there is no knowing to what extent the ruffians would have gone but for the timely appearance of the shep herd's employer, who was attracted to the spot by his cries for help, and who hap pened to be out riding in the vicinity at the time. The perpetrators of the deed are known in the district. The assailants made off on the appearance of help com ing to their victim. A cor. of the ' Herald' complains that an outrageous proceeding took place at Haslem's Creek on Sunday. A number of Chinamen were carrying out some of their Celestial customs over the grave of one of their departed countrymen, and a number of people, eager to witness the proceedings, rnshed from all directions trampling on the graves and destroying the flowers planted thereon. The ' Herald' says :—Yesterday fore noon, at the Court of Quarter Sessions, while the business was proceeding, a noise was beard in the gallery where the female spectators and listeners usually take up their positions, as to the character of which there conld be very little doubt. It was unmistakably the " pop" of a cork. Mr. Dowling asked who was opening that beer or gingerbeer bottle—a very impro per thing to do in a Court of Justice. The police were immediately on the alert, after they had recovered from the shock ; but it did not appear that they discovered the offender. The ' Burrangong Argus' says :—A care worn, broken-spirited looking woman sum moned her husband to enter into sureties of the peace, and it came out in evidence that he had been in the habit of exhibit ing his- superior strength and activity by ill-using her for the last nine months. About a month ago, she brought him to Court for a similar purpose, but, as often happens in this sort of prosecution, the information was withdrawn; the penitent ruffian promised at the eleventh hour to do better in future. He had no sooner gone home, however, than he appeared to refine upon his former cruelty, and a few days ago pulled the partner of his joys and sorrows about the house by her hair, beat her, and threatened to cut her throat. With misplaced leniency, she only took legal action upon the threat, and the ma gistrates had consequently nothing to do but bind the fellow over to keep the peace. The Parramatta cor. of the ' Evening News' writes :—Early on Wednesday morning a large eagle hawk was disco vered sitting quietly in the verandah of Mr. Aspinall's cottage. By permission of the landlord, it was soon shot. It mea sured over four feet. A contemporary says :—At the Braid wood District Gourt, F. Salvia brought an action against M. Frank to recover £200, for defendant having wrongfnlly and in juriously kept a certain bullock which furiously attacked defendant and inflicted upon him severe injuries, also for the tres pass of the bullock, and thirdly for loss of property occasioned by such trespass. The parties are neighbours in Araluen, the plaintiff being a vineyard proprietor, and defendant a blacksmith. The bullock was running in defendant's paddock, and had previously attacked another person, and was known to have mischievous propen sities. On the morning of the 23rd Dee. last, this bullock got amongst defendant's cows, and when plaintiff was going down for them, in his own paddock adjoining defendant's, the bullock ran at liiin, horned him, and threw him, and inflicted such injuries upon him as have seriously affected his health since that time, and from which he had not yet recovered. Plaintiff described the continued damage and loss he was subjected to, from June to December last, by its incursions upon his land, stating that it knocked down and injured several out buildings, and con sumed and destroyed a ton of oaten hay. Plaintiff stated that be had frequently re monstrated with defendant abont keeping this bullock, who took no notice of his complaints, however, although previous to this last occasion, when he received the injuries, he had been kept at the top of rocks and in trees which he had climbed to escape from him for honrs together. A witness for the plaintiff deposed that he had been knocked down by the bullock on several occasions and much braised. On telling Frank he had the beast cut; but the beast ran at him again a fortnight afterwards and tore his clothes. Upon telling Frank again he only laughed, and witness swore he had to leave off his work at wood-cutting in the paddock in conse quence of the anything hut amiable pro clivities of the beast. Verdict for plain tiff, damages £45. The Melbourne 'Telegraph' says:—A miserable-looking woman, carrying in her arms a puny infant, was on Friday charged at the Collingwood Police Court, with attemptiug to commit suicide. The arresting constable deposed that on Sun day last he saw the prisoner rushing to wards the Yarra, gesticulating wildly, and apparently delirious. On being inter cepted, she declared that a ghost was behind her, and that it was driving her into the river. The constable had con siderable difficulty in effecting her lodg ment in the lock-up, but subsequently she became very despondent. The Bench were about to remand the woman for a week, when it was discovered that her husband was quietly sitting in the court, looking on with the utmost indifference. He was quickly placed in the witness-box, when he stated that the cause of his wife's derangement was an over-indulgence in drink. The Bench promptly transferred the care of the woman to her husband, a course which did not seem to be appre ciated by the latter. The ' Kyneton Observer' says :—An accident, as curious as it was extraordi nary, happened on Easter Monday at the Redesdale races. It was no less than that of the jockey of Whalebone being sud denly overtaken with a fit whilst riding in the Selling Hurdle Race. So severe was the attack that he screamed with pain and fright, but the spectators, little dreaming what was the actual state of the case, attributed the convulsive attitude of the fugitive jockey to some wild freak, the result of over excitement in the contest. He stuck to the horse firmly, and the ani mal, incited by the fierce screams of the rider, dashed on at a headlong pace, taking the jumps as they successively oc curred in splendid style. The spurs were unwittingly dug into the horse's side, but it ultimately came in victorious, the rider, as may be imagined, being very much ex hausted. When the true nature of the affair was ascertained, the surprise took a more sympathetic turn, and everything was done to alleviate the sufferings of the unfortunate young fellow. It was subse quently found that the screams were in tended to cause the horse to he stopped, but the crowd had viewed the matter in a totally different light. The fit was still strong upon liim while he was being weighed. The Melbourne 'Telegraph' says: — A drunken loafing husband named Pat rick Foyden was charged at the Colling wood Police Court on Friday, with brutally assaulting his wife. From the evidence adduced it was shown that Mrs. Foyden is possessed of some property in her own right, a circumstance which her husband turned to account by collecting the rents and spending the money in drink. For the last thirteen months he has not done a day's work, and in addi tion to the burden of keeping him, his wife has been made the victim of every ebullition of temper, which in his sober moments would seem to have been of frequent occurrence. Tiring of the incubus on her means, the wife turned round, and flatly refused to supply him with any further money. This led to Foyden assaulting her, and the unfortu nate woman received frightful treatment, having since been confined to bed for several days in consequence of the severity of the injuries inflicted. The Bench sentenced him to three months' imprison ment with hard labour, remarking that only such a sentence would he likely to have a deterrent effect. The ' Telegraph' says :—On Friday one of the heroes who fought with Wellington at Waterloo died in comparative indi gence and obscurity in this city at a lodging-house in Bourke-street, Mel bourne, kept by a woman named Julia Knowles. The deceased was eighty years of age, and has left no family. He was a pensioner on the Government. On the 1st of April he was seen last alive about 12 o'clock at night, and was then apparently quite well, and had just had some brandy and water. He slept in a room alone, and on Mrs. Knowles going to call him next morning, she found him lying in bed dead. A post-mortem ex amination was made on the body of the deceased by Dr. Barker, who found death to have been caused by the burst ing of an aneurism of the aorta. The deceased was well known about Mel bourne, and was a tall, handsome old fellow, and always wore the Waterloo medal on his breast. The ' Herald' says :—Captain Yulle, of the cutter Leolia, reports that he expe rienced a violent hurricane of some four hours' duration before clearing the Fijian Group. When off Koro Island, on the 12th ultimo, the cutter running under a close-reefed mainsail with the wind at N.N.E., there was a sudden shift to the N.W., which hrought the ship by the lee, carrying away the jaws of the main boom, which necessarily fell across the deck. The gaff also being smashed to pieces, the vessel was therefore nearly helpless, and the only resource Captain Yulle could have recourse to was to keep his craft away under the fore staysail, and trust to a good look out- for outlying reefs ; and knowing that Matuka was under his lee, he made for it, and fortunately succeeded in reaching the anchorage. The baro meter during the squall being 29*20. The Leolia lost her boat, binnacle, and several things from the deck, which were swept overboard during the squall from the heavy seas breaking on board, and Captain Yulle was considerably bruised in endeavouring to secure the boom, and thus save his spars. Telegram from Dubbo, in ' Herald' of 7th inst. :—Sir Alfred Stephen arrived last evening, and was magnificently re ceived. He was met by 200 people on horseback and vehicles, and was escorted to town and presented with an address from the inhabitants. The town was illuminated at night.—The Court opened to-day, and the magistrates presented an address. There were only two unimport ant cases tried. In the second case, a witness named James Byrne, of Coon amble, took the box while drunk, and was sentenced to three months' imprison ment for contempt of Court. Ditto from Melbourne :—The body of a man named Renselman was found muti lated, near Bet Bet. The man is sup posed to have been murdered, and his wife and a Chinaman are now in custody on suspicion. — Bernard Kavanagh, a farmer, was committed to gaol by the Insolvency Judge for seven days for gross prevarication.—The Ararat Railway opening was successful. Ditto from Adelaide :—Lewis's explora tion to Lake Hope has been successful. He examined the territory lying between latitude 25*35 and 28*35, and longitude 135.50 and 139*30, comprising a block of 200 miles across, and extending from latitude of Lake Hope to Byre Creek, in Queensland, and 250 miles broad, stretch ing from the overland telegraph line to Stuart's stony desert. Lake Hope was perfectly dry. Before completing the work Mr. Lewis purposes endeavouring to discover the route between the South West portion of Queensland and North West of New South Wales, with a view to Establishing a direct overland commu nication with the former colony.—Eleven students entered the University. The number included seven ladies.—There was a large sale of wheat at 4s. OjA. afloat.—A young woman, named Martin, was severely burnt at the WesJeyan Sun day-school festival yesterday, through her dress catching fire. Captain Hancock was severely burnt while extinguishing the flames. The 'Examiner' states that the Rev, Mr. Rutledge has been presented with several souvenirs of sovs., on the occasion of leaving the Clarence district for Queens land.—The same paper says :—We are glad to learn that the Board of Directors of both our steam companies have very generously offered to the half-caste—Billy Lucke—who displayed such ingenuity in cutting a perfect bullock chain, and anchor, and cable, out of solid wood, with only a pen knife—a free passage to Sydney and back, to enable him to view the Metro politan Exhibition which opened yester day in Prince Alfred Park. The ' M. and D. Advertiser' says :— One of the engine-drivers, named Mor gan, on Tuesday last received rather a se vere fracture of the leg through his slip ping on to the turn-table, whilst his engine was being turned. He received prompt attention, however, and is pro gressing so favourably that he is able to resume charge of his engine.—The Kyne ton railway station, like all others, was crowded during the late holidays, and the usual number of servant girls with young children were to be seen there fairly drag ging their charges after them through the crowd, utterly regardless of any mishap. One of the little ones got rather too near the edge of the platform, and toppled over on to the rails below, without even being missed by its faithful guardian. Had the train, then nearly due, suddenly an nounced itself, the child would have been killed before the attention of the girl was drawn to the fact that it was missing. —The grain crop this year in the Avoca district is a miserable failure.—A second hand dealer in Richmond, rejoicing in the name of "Johnny All-sorts," had a neat trick played upon him last week. Two urchins came to his shop, osensibly for the purpose of selling, but after their de parture he missed his front-door key. However, he soon found another that answered the purpose, and went out, thinking he had left his goods in perfect safety ; but, on his return, to his aston ishment he discovered that property to the value of £4 or £5 had been stolen. A very neat robbery had been planned and effectually carried out. The ' Pilot' says :—Another painful accident happened on the Great North ern line, at Newcastle, last evening, by which William Sadler, guard of a. coal train, had a portion of his left leg crushed off. A train of empties had jnst left the Government coal staiths, and Sadler was assisting to shunt it on to the main line, near the A. A. Co.'s bridge. While doing so, he stood on the box of one of the wag gon wheels, when he slipped, and his left foot passed between the spokes. The wheel at the same time revolving, the unfortunate man's leg was literally crushed off as high as the knee, as he fell back by the side of the line. A gentleman pass ing «on horseback in Hunter-street ob served the accident, and shouted to the engine-driver, who happily stopped his train without delay, else the conse quences would probably have been far more serious, as Sadler was not then clear of the wheel, and the driver had not noticed the occurrence. Assistance was at once rendered, and after handkerchiefs had been tightly bound round the muti lated limb to stop the bleeding, Salter, who 'was quite conscious but suffering great pain, was carried to the Hospital. Dr. Rnaggs was then in attendance, and Dr. Read arrived soon afterwards; and the injured man having been placed under chloroform the leg was amputated, a couple of inches above the knee. On enquiry last night we learned that, notwithstand ing the very terrible shock he had sus tained, the patient was in good spirits, and progressing satisfactorily. We are informed that Sadler (who is a married man with two children) has latterly been most unfortunate. He had just recovered from a severe attack of rheumatic fever, and his wife was also at the same time confined to a sick bed. As a result, he is in very straitened circumstances, so that it will be necessary to do something for the support of his family while he remains in the Hospital. ,He is spoken of as being very steady, careful, and obliging. The ' Goulburn Herald' says :—Some time ago Miss Kestle, of this town, while out at Coogee, was saved from falling over the cliffs by Mr. James M'Kay, also of this town. The other day the young lady was married to Mr. Tarrant, a gen tleman to whom she has been engaged for some time. Mr. M'Kay was present at the ceremony; and after it was over Mr. Tarrant presented him with a hand some gold watch and Albert chain, in recognition of the act by which the life of the bride had been preserved. 1 The 'Pastoral Times' says:—A poor woman, named Eesia Doods, died in the Hay lock-up last week. A magis terial enquiry was held, and the cause of death was stated to be puerperal mania.— A fatal accident occurred at Widgiewa station, on Monday last, to a man named Francis Quiun. The deceased was em ployed in sinking a tank, when a bank of earth fell in upon him, inflicting serious injuries, which terminated fatally about twenty-four hours after the accident occurred. He lias left a wife and three young children.—At Mossgiel, recently, a bullock driver in the employment of Messrs. W. and E. Kennedy was loading some wire, when he was bitten by a diamond snake on one of his fingers. The snake was quickly despatched, and the portion of the finger bitten was ex cised. Copious draughts of brandy were administered to the man, who was also kept moving about by liis friends, and lie is now quite recovered. The ' Wilcannia Times' says :—On Friday evening, Mrs. Charles Young, Sen., had a most miraculous escape and preservation from death. While reland ing a bucket of water her husband had drawn to the surface, she over-reaclied herself, and fell feet first in, but grasping the rope attached to the bucket. Mr. Young, who is past seventy years of age, let go the handle of the windlass to save his wife, and was just in time to catch hold of her dress, but the dress giving way, the poor old lady was precipitated to the bottom. A young man, well known on the river by the name of Hariy Church, living near, and hearing the cries of old Mr. Young, jumped over the fence and disappeared almost instantaneously down the well, and brought the old lady up, landing her safely on terra firma again, none the worse for her accident, except a few bruises—time, about ten minutes from falling. A contemporary says :—By the loss of the steamer Gothenburg, the Australian Mutual Provident Society has, we be lieve, had claims made upon it for up wards of £5000, in the shape of policies on the lives of people drowned in the vessel. These claims have of course been most promptly met. Captain Pearce's was insured for £1000, and be was in duced to reinsure by the sudden death of his fellow commander, Captain Rouse, of the Claud Hamilton. It will be remem bered that Mrs. Rouse and family were left very badly off. Captain Pearce de termined to guard against his family be ing similarly left, and so effected the in surance in question. The * Dubbo Advertiser' says :—Last year Mr. Roper made 2000 lbs. of jams, comprising peacli, nectarine, quince, and citron—the last being a preparation of Portuguese preserving melons, with oranges and lemons, producing a near resemblance to citron, and an article tliat has met with general approval. Mr. Roper's jams are sold in 1-lb. tins, manufactured in Dubbo, and ornamented j with a handsome label. The quantity of jam he will make this year will be about 6000 lbs. His preserved fruits are made up in 3-lb. tins, similar to those imported from America. They have been very highly approved of. The ' Western Post' says :—A miner named William Munshank was killed in a claim at Happy Valley, Gulgong, on last Tuesday, through a bucket of earth falling on him. Several fatal accidents have taken place at Gulgong recently. The ' Herald' says :—At Fiji, recently, deaths from measles were of frequent oc currence, and a portion of the Totoga Court buildings have been turned into a hospital. Strenuous efforts were being made by the Government to arrest the malady.—On Good Friday, Mr. Aber crombie, of Five Dock, was seriously in jured by a bull which attacked him. Mr. Abercrombie was at once conveyed to bis house, and attended by Dr. Evans, who thinks that with care the injured gentle man will recover, and probably be about again in a month. The ' Mercury' says:—The friends of Mr. J. J. Conroy, of Gunnedah, the worst sufferer by the late upsetting of the down country coach at Quirindi, will be glad to learn that he is progressing favourably under the constant care of Dr. Morson and his assistants. The left leg was very badly broken and smashed, and it was thought at first necessary to amputate the foot, but that has not yet been re sorted to ; and Mr. Conroy bas the as surance of his medical adviser that the danger of amputatiou is past now. Dr. Morson hopes to turn out Mr. Conroy with a stiff limb indeed, but in fair con dition nevertheless, and able to get about and be reasonably active. The writer called upon Mr. Conroy, yesterday, and found him cheerful, and in good health, except as regarded his injured leg. The right leg is nearly all right. Mr. Conroy congratulates himself that he did not, when the accident first took place, con sent to have his left foot amputated, for he now sees that it will almost certainly be preserved to him by the skill of Dr. Morson. Sentence of death has been passed at the Wagga Circuit Court upon Stringer, convicted of the murder of James Mit chell. The f Mercury' says :—On Tuesday night, about 11, the stables of Mr. John Eales, of Duckenfield Park, were observed to be on fire. Efforts were at once made by several of Mr. Eales's servants to re scue the property and extinguish the flames; and, fortunately, these efforts were successful. Seven valuable horses were in the stable at the tiiqe, three racers and four coach horses ; among the former was " Old England." In an ad joining room there were also a carriage and a buggy. The value of the whole property thus threatened with destruc tion is estimated at about £3000. The stable doors were found in the same state as when left by the groom (who had, at half-past six, securely locked tliem), and the origin of the fire is a mystery which few will venture to unravel. .The walls of the stable were of stone, and the roof of corrugated iron ; and to these must be attributed, in some degree, the rescue of the property. It is hardly necessary to say that the building was completely gutted.* The ' Mercury' says :—In the Hereford classes at the Sydney Exhibition, Mr. F. Reynolds, of Tocal, Paterson, was remark ably fortunate as a prize-taker. But he has been able to judge of his success as a breeder of Herefords by a better test—the prices his stock will bring. He has him self sold to Mr. Chirnside, of Victoria, the Hereford yearling bull Marquis, win ner of the first prize for Hereford year lings, for six hundred guineas; and the yearling Hereford heifer, Daisy the Se cond, also a prize-taker, to the same pur chaser, for the sum of three hundred guineas. And yesterday Mr. Reynolds received the following telegram from Mr. Badgery (of Messrs. Wolfe & Badgery), in Sydney :—" Sold all the young Here fords, at prices ranging from thirty to one hundred and sixty guineas each; an average of sixty-two guineas each." The Cooper's Plains cor. of the lander' writesA sad accident occurred here on Tuesday. Two little boys named Manning, aged 4 and 7 years respectively, were playing with a tomahawk, when the elder of the two, who was chopping at an ant-hill, in some unaccountable manner chopped off the little finger and cut to the bone the third finger of the right hand of his brother. The poor little fellow was immediately carried by his father to Bris bane for medical treatment. The boy bore up with the greatest fortitude, and is favourably progressing towards recovery. Its Warrego cor. writes Jas. Lowrie was, on the 18tli, charged with the mur der of Edward Noonan, at Nive Downs station (above Burenda), on the 13th instant, and committed for trial at the next assizes. It appears that Lowrie was beating his wife, and Noonan interfered. Lowrie took up an axe, and Noonan ran away. Lowrie then threw down the axe, and Noonan picked it up. Lowrie ran into the hut, and fastened the door. Noonan commenced battering in the door. Lowrie had a loaded gun in the hut, and called out to Noonan that " if he came in he would shoot him." Noonan broke the door in, went inside, and was immediately shot dead. Lowrie and wife, and a man named Kenney, were present.—On the 19th, W. B. Lawson, better known as " Scotcliy Lawson," was charged with as saulting John Little, a man of about 65 years of age, at Burenda township, on the 14th, and occasioning actual bodily harm. The enquiry was adjourned. The man, John Little, was unconscious for three days aud then died. An enquiry was commenced at Burenda, and continued at Charleville to- day; it is further adjourned until Monday. Medical testimony is sadly wanted in this case. Its Mackay cor. writesSt. Patrick's Day passed oft' very quietly, and with fewer drunken men and broken heads than I ever remember before; one reason for this—it was really too hot for anyone to make trouble if they could possibly keep quiet. Last week the weather was the hottest we have yet felt, with a Northerly wind. Now the wind has come round to the Soutli-East, and it is delightfully cooL We have had no rain for a month. Its Townsville cor. writes :—We have had no further news from the ill-fated Gothenburg. It seems as if, with the re covery of the gold, all interest in the wreck had vanished.-—What might have turned out a very serious accident oc curred to-day, whilst the pilot boat was alongside tbe mail steamer. The boat containing tlie Sub-Collector of Customs and a lady had just been hauled up to the gangway, -when for some reason or other the steamer's engines started, and imme diately a lmge bqdy of boiling water and steam rushedjrom the escape pipe, which was close behind tlie ladder, drenching and scalding the bow- oarsman. With great presence of mind he jumped over board, but before the engines were stopped several more jets of hot water and blinding steam was hurled into the boat, which was soon ankle deep. With some difficulty the boat was hurled off and taken to the other side. It seems a most extraordinary position for a passen ger gangway to be placed in, as tbe least movement of the engine must cause the crew of a boat to run the risk of drown ing or scalding. Fortunately, all but one man escaped with a severe vapour bath. —I see you have had severe floods down South. We have had a good deal of rain, but no devastation. The heat has been the most suffocating 1 Lave ever ex perienced here. Its Cardwell cor. writes A party of sixteen meu, with about thirty horses, arrived overland from New South Wales, on their way to the Palmer, by tbe Card well route.—There is an unusual quantity of sickness about town now. Measles, inflammation of lungs, and fever and ague, in addition to the usual sicknesses attendant on intense heat.—Frederick Foster, a fisherman here, caught an alli gator of very large dimensions in his du gong net this morning. It was only about 14 feet long, but its girth was twice the usual size. Its Cooktown cor. writesThe sub ject which at present is creating the greatest excitement is the arrival on Sa turday last of two large steamers from the East, having together nearly 800 China men on board. The mail steamer Singa pore contributed 395 of the number, and the P. and O. Co.'s steamer Adria the re mainder. They have all landed, and have gone in extensively for long-handled shovels, picks, and dishes, whilst they purchased the timber in the rough, and are employed making their own cradles. I can tell you the arrival of these celes tials is looked upon with a very unfavour able eye by the European diggers, and I should not be at all surprised if there was a row between the races. We are given to understand that the Adria, which is a chartered boat, had some 500 or 600 tons of cargo consigned to this port, but in consequence of the absence of the means of transport was unable to land it, and the captain has decided to proceed to Syd ney, and tranship there. The Customs officers here were not in the first instance over-officious in examining some of the personal luggage, but when some of the larger packages came to hand an investi gation took place, when from amidst salt fish, potted shrimps, preserved mush rooms, and other stomach fixings, out rolled a few balls of opium. This was the signal for a general seizure, and some par ticularly elongated visages may be seen about the wharf awaiting the overhaul.— The blacks have lately been very trouble some even as near as Douglas's track, only 40 miles from here, where they speared three horses, five on the Upper Palmer, and three, one with a poisoned spear, on the Palmer. In the second case men tioned, the party tracked the marauders, and came upon them as they were devour ing one carcase. On being surprised they took to the water, and did not return to the camp.—The news from the diggings is anything but encouraging. The Palmer is comparatively at a standstill, without any prospect of any activity until machi nery is placed on the ground to test the reefs, of which reliable reports speak very favourably.—The Normanby is .literally worked out, and only kept alive by a lot of unprincipled men, who, having an interest in the place, spread false re ports as to new rushes, which turn out to be the merest fallacies.—We have lately had two visits from our friends the alli gators, who sail over from the mouth of the Endeavour River and camp just at the rear of the main street, on the look out for anything that may be going. One managed the other morning to pot a good sized dog, and being alone he sailed across, and was not seen for two or three days, when he again came to the same spot in company with two others, and they were fortunate enough to get one dog between them. At Toowoomba, William Hutchison, a publican, has been committed to take his trial at the next assizes for shooting with intent at William Coleman. W. B. Lawscm, charged with the man slaughter of John Little, at Bnrenda, has been committed for trial at the Too woomba assizes. Mr. P. J. Coghlan reports having sold at Attunga 90 head of fat cattle—bullocks from £7 12s. 6d. to £6 lis.; average, £7 3s. 6d. Mr N. Cohen, of Tamworth, reports having sold 1350 ewes at 9s., 500 aged ewes at 6s., and 5000 ewes at 9s. The ' Narrabri Herald' states that there is every prospect of an early winter at that place. Bain is needed.—A Chinese shepherd, on lately coming in from Ed geroi, found he had lost over £60, in orders and cheques. Relative to the death of Wm. Perry, in the Sydney Infirmary, at the inquest the Jury found that he had died from injuries received by falling off a dray, while intoxi cated. His leg was BmaBhed, and soon after it was amputated he expired, from previous lopB of blood and the shock. He has left a wjidow and six children. The revenue for N.S. W. during the past three mpnths gives a gross receipt of £816,582, being an increase of £104,951 ou the corresponding quarter of 1874. Land has supplied £384,423 of the amount. John Wilson, aged 65, lately committed suicide, at Cook's River, by discharging a double-barrelled gun into his throat, by which his head was nearly blown off! He had been complaining of pains in his head, and a doctor found that his brain was soft. Of the criminal cases at the recent Goulburn assizes, John M'Gaw was found not guilty of murder, on the ground of insanity. He will be detained in custody. Charlotte Case, for man- slaughter, was sentenced to a year's im- prisonment ; and Plunkett, for robbing the Gundaroo mailman, to five years on the roads. Two children named Hush were lately found drowned, in a waterhole near Braid wood. It is surmised,, that the elder one lost its life in trying td, save that of the younger. _ It has been discovered in Batliurst that a number of missing dogswere not cap tured by the police. A fellow has been killing them on the sly, and making his living by selling their skins !'* Mr. Wm. Woods, a mason ht Port Lin coln, S.A., was lately burned to death. Sigus of further wrecks have been found on the coast of N. Qd. ' A man named Conn, residing 14 miles from Cardwell, was lately murdered by the blacks, who took away his widow. The revenue, of Victoria has fallen off i considerably during the past quarter. No fewer than three Judges have lately retired from the New Zealand Bench. . By a telegram from Adelaide, in the 1 Herald,' we learn that Beilby, a painter, had drowned himself ; a tailor named C. Hellberg, had died suddenly ; and Fielder, .j recently insolvent, when arrested on a charge of stealing horsehair, was found to have £200 upon-'him. A young man named Wm. Hemmington was lately about to cross a bridge on the Manning, when his horse fell, and the rider received concussion of the brain. He died on the night following that of the day on which the accident occurred. He leaves a widow and one child. At Camden Haven, recently, Mr. Cape well's horse fell with and rolled over Mm, breaking the rider's leg.—And a man named Edward Dunkerton was drawing a gun by the muzzle out of a boat, when the charge exploded, and the shot entered his left side. He died in a few minutes. James Moran, alias Booth, lately es caped from the Wollongong gaol or lock up. But he.,was recaptured next day, near Shell Harbour. A lad named Henry Brookes was lately playing with some boys on Mr. Partridge's premises, Bathurst-street, Sydney, when he fell out of a window 20 feet, and his head striking the pavement he received concussion of the brain. He regained consciousness some hours subsequently. The ' Murrurundi Times' states that there are only about 20 yards to cut away to complete a man hole through the tun nel in the Liverpool Range. 50 lbs. of candles are used in 24 hours by the men in the tunnel.—Daniel Walton, who served | in the 10th Hussars on Waterloo, is resid ing on Liverpool Plains. Although 81, ' he is tolerably hale, and has good eyesight and hearing.—Three persons named Do naldson. have been committed for trial at J Maitland—bail allowed—for pulling down | and carting away a house which Edward Murray had erected, at a cost of £104, and in wMch he was residing. The elder of the accused had selected the ground' for his daughter. An application to have the case tried at Tamworth was refused. Wm. Sadler, the railway guard whose leg was crushed off by an accident on the line at Newcastle, is recovering. Mr. Jessop, one of the discoverers of the Palmer River gold field, died at Cooktown recently. He was also one of the pro specting party at the Charters Towers gold field. He was married in Brisbane but two months ago. The schooner Lizzie Muir, a trader on the N. coast of Queensland, is now be lieved to have been upset in the gale of the 25th Feb., and that all hands on board perished. The crew consisted of seven persons, and a man named Bryant, of Ips wich, was a passenger. Capt. M'Pherson leaves a widow and two children, and his mate, Mr. Squires, a widow and four. Near Tiaro, Qd., recently, a girl was bitten by a brown snake. Mr. Bailey, M.P., although he had just previously dislocated his shoulder, was successful in saving the girl's life. At Madame Carandini's benefit concert in Geelong, lately, her daughter Lizzie, while singing "Children's Voices," sud denly fell back in a faint. She subse quently recovered. At Inglewood, Va., recently, a Mrs. Hourigan was found dead in her bed, by lier husband, when he awoke in the morn ing. At the inquest, a verdict was re turned of death from disease of the heart, accelerated by intemperance. The Fish River cor. of the 'B. F. PreBs' states that on Sunday, while Mr. R. Armstrong and his family were going to church, in a buggy with two horses, ' the pole broke, and the vehicle was up set with such violence as to throw the occupauts over the fence, breaking some bones and inflicting a good many cuts and some bruises. Mr. Armstrong lay by his son, much bruised and some of his ribs broken ; his wife lay unconscious for a time ; she had a severe cut on the head, some of her ribs were broken, and she was also very much bruised ; one son Jiad his leg broken, and three of the children were very much bruised. Mrs. A. and one .of the children are in a critical state. —Mrs. Bailey was riding over the Fisli River Creek bridge, in the roadway of which there are several holes, when her horse put his foot into one of the holes, and Mrs. B. and her child fell over. The horse was unable to extricate itself, and stuck fast until some men went and got the foot out of the hole. Mrs. B. and child are recovering from the effects of their fall. The ' Townsville Times' says :—We Lave been sliowu a splendid sample of tin found in a tributary creek on the Palmer, situated about thirty miles in an Easterly direction from Edwards's Camp. The sample was obtained from the result of the washing of a single dish, and weighs one and a half lbs. There are several large pieces of pure tin amongst the lot, winch as a rule are very shotty in appearance, and can be obtained without, any labour, as it is found on the surface. The ground has been prospected for se veral miles and proved to be exceedingly rich. This is a chance worthy the atten tion of persons interested in tin mining. Our informant tells us that smelting works might be erected in the very centre of the field at a trifling outlay. The ' Goulburu Herald' says:—Mr. Walter Douglas, of Inveralochy, in this district, has purchased one hundred pure bred cows from the noted herd of Mr. Joseph, of Maharatta, Bombala, at the high figure of fifty guineas per head, and also thirty pedigree heifers, thirty heifer calves, and twenty-five bulls of pedigree stock. The Australian Mutual Provident So ciety has resolved to restore the voting by proxy, as before, and not to publish lists of the members. There have been for some time animated discussions on these points, especially the latter one. The Orange ' Advocate' says :—On Sa turday evening a little son of Mr. J. Gras sick met with an accident, which illus trates a most fortunate and providential escape from instant death. By some means, probably a childish propensity for climbing, he fell from the staircase window into the yard below, a distance of sixteen feet. When picked up he was of course insensible, but a medical exami nation first proved, to the relief of his pa rents, that no bones were broken, and the fear that some serious internal injury might have been received, was dissipated by his rapid convalescence. The other day an old man named John Hunter, when crossing the road at the corner of Goulburn and Pitt streets, fell and broke his left knee-cap. Mr. Davis, auctioneer, narrowly es caped losing his life at Young on a recent Sunday night. He and others were put ting out a fire at the rear of his premises, and while in the act of drawing up a full bucket of water from Mr. Miuter's well be slipped and fell feet first down the well, which is about 30 feet deep and con taining 12 feet of water. By accident he was discovered, and, beyond a few braises and a good submerging, heescaped unhurt. The verdict on the great fire at Young is that it originated by accident. Telegram from Dubbo, in Saturday's 1 Herald':—The Assize Court has been engaged during the last two days in the trial of Bowen v. Morrison, for breach of agreement for the non-deliveiy of a sta tion. Damages were laid at £5000. Sir -George Innes appeared for plaintiff, and Mr. Pilcher for the defendant. A ver dict was found for plaintiff of £499 18s. 6d.—M'Kay, for the Gilgandra murder, was found guilty of manslaughter, and sentenced to eight months' imprison ment.—Sir Alfred Stephen and the mem bers of the bar were entertained at a ball to-night, by the Mayor. Ditto from Brisbane:—Grayson, ex Alderman, was fined £75, or three months' imprisonment, for a breach of the Municipalities Act.—The Lady Bowen (s.) resumed her passage this afternoon. Her boilers were officially tested to 20 lbs. ; but many passengers refused to proceed in her. Ditto from Melbourne :—Large finds of gold at Creswick have caused excitement. —Java and Singapore will be represented at the Melbourne Exhibition. Ditto from Adelaide :—The Ward testi monial has been abandoned, owing to a disagreement between the donors and Mr. Ward, who expressed his disappoint ment at the amount collected.—The first of the series of the University free lec tures was delivered last night by Pro fessor Davidson.—The March land sales amount to 51,600 acres, averaging £1 4s. 3d. per acre.—Wheat at 4s., unchanged. Market quiet. The * M. and D. Advertiser' says :—A little episode occurred at Ararat not long since that is worthy of record. A couple, having been duly padlocked in the holy bonds of matrimony, arranged to proceed - to Melbourne. The first part of the jour ney, however, from Ararat to Beaufort, had to be performed through Cobb & Co. The bridegroom banded up his fair and blushing bride to the box, and had one foot on the step ready to mount after his partner, when a policeman coolly informed him that the coach was full, and signalled to the driver to move on. The driver gave the magic word, and away the team started, leaving the gay Lothario lament ing his loss. Suddenly, however, he plucked up courage, and dashed after the coach in his wedding habiliments, overtook it, and ran beside it till the driver took pity on the divided lovers, and once more effected that reunion which the minister thought he had so effectively managed. The Albury * Post' says :— A wholesale dealer on the New South Wales side was asked by a Victorian retailer a few days since what was the ruling price per ton for bran. The New South Welshman re plied, mentioning the sum, and adding— lest the newly-found customer might get innocently into the meshes of the law— " But you will have to pay duty when you are taking it across." " Oh !" replied the purchaser, for purchaser he became, <( I know all about that, and I don't sup pose you'll turn informer." The bran was taken across, and the Victorian ex chequer was none the richer, nor her offi cers any the wiser! The ' Forbes Times' says :—The other day an aboriginal native took out a legal process against his employer in order to recover certain wages said to be due. The blackfellow went about the business as intelligently as any white man would do—served the summons himself—made an affidavit of service, and signecl his autograph, " Eugene Glass," in a hand that would not have disgraced a merchant's ledger, and without the misplacement of a single letter. The ' M. and D. Advertiser' says :— The gatekeeper on the Ballarat railway line, at the crossing on the Majorca road, had a very narrow escape from a terrible death on Sunday morning last. The 1.30 a.m. train from Ballarat was late, and after watching for it for some time, and hearing or seeing nothing indicating its ap proaching, the gatekeeper retired to his hut and threw himself on a sofa there, and shortly fell asleep. He had not slept long when the noise of the approaching train startled him from his slumbers, and he rnshed out to open the gates. He had just time to open one of them when the train rushed past him, carrying. away the other gate, breaking the lamp attached to the engine, and striking the gatekeeper with a piece of the broken timber of the gate. It was' a most miraculous escape, and the gatekeeper won't forget his fright in a hurry. 