PAPARCHY AND NATIONALITY, OR The Antagonism of the Vatican Decrees to Modern Civilization. (Abridged From Macmillan's Magazine. ) \- , ; NO. IV. . Reply of the writer in Macmillan's Magazine to Dr. Manning as given in our last issue. To the Editor of Macmillan's Magazine. III. I have, lastly, to deal with Dr. Man ning's third proposition, that the Pope has not any purely temporal jurisdiction over temporal princes. It is something gained that he at least admits that the Pope has a temporal jurisdiction over princes, though not a pure one. Nevertheless the proposition as it stands is, I maintaiu, opposed to the necessary conclusions which flow from the definitions of the Vatican Council, lo explain tnis lully would require more space than I can ask for on the present occasion. I can only indicate, in the briefest outline, what the points at issue are. What Dr. Manning means is, that the juris- tion of the Pope over temporal matters is not a. directa but an indirecta potestas. The difference is more important in theory than in practice, but as au illustration of Vaticanism the question is of considerable interest. The direct jurisdiction of the Pope over the temporal prince is the cardinal doctrine of the mediteval Papacy. It breathes out of every sentence of the Unam Sanctum, and its full meaning is made clear by the history of the events to which the Unam Sonctam owes its origin. In a purely secular quarrel between Philip the Fair and Edward I. of England, Boniface VIII. claimed the right of direct inter ference, and of deciding of his own supreme authority on the merits of the case. When Philip the Fair refused, and the quarrel waxed hotter, Boniface summoned the French bishops to Rome to sit in judgment with him upon their king. Read thus by the light of history, the Bull is seen to be the mere official echo of an outburst of human passion recorded in the memorable words — "My predecessors have deposed three kings of France. I should be unworthy to tread in their footsteps if I did not depose this one like an ill-conditioned boy, "ita sicut unum garcionem." The one object of the Bull, then, was to enun ciate this principle of the directa potestas in the most unmistakable terms. But swords have been given to Peter, not one to Peter, the other to the temporal prince (I must apologise to Dr. Manning for the use of the imagery he so much dislikes, but it is the infallible doctor's imagery, not mine), the latter has only the loan of a sword to be used at the bidding of the Pope. Shall the Pope not be judged as to whether he uses it rightly or not ? It is the business of the spiritual power to direct the temporal power and to judge if it be good or bad. If the temporal power era, it shall be judged by the spiritual power. Words could not express more plainly the direct and immediate jurisdiction claimed by the Supreme Pontiff' over purely temporal mat ters. In the sixteenth century, however, the Jesuits, who were wise in their generation, and saw that such a claim must necessarily force even the most Catholic of kings into a position of hostility towards the Papal chair, invented the theory of the indirecta potestas, according to which the Pope is supposed to be precluded from interfering directly in temporal affairs, quel they are temporal affairs, and can only exercise his jurisdiction over the acts of the temporal Sovereign when his infallible instinct tells him that these temporal acts have a bearing, mediate or immediate, direct or indirect, on the interests of the Church or of religion. Over the acts thus ruled by the Pope to fall within his jurisdiction, his 2>ower remains as direct and supreme as ever. The change effected was to substitute for tlie test of the ratione peccati (thus tacitly- aban doned) according to which the Pope might call the temporal Prince directly to account for any of his temporal acts in which he detected a sin ful tendency, the test supplied by the subjective : opinion of the Pope as to whether such and such an act was likely to affect, in however remote a" way, the interests of the Church or of religion. To show the difference between the two doc trines, I will take an imaginary case, but one which I am convinced no honest Catholic who has mastered this intricate subject will consider other than a fair one. Supposing the real power of Pius IX. had been commensurate with his pretensions, and that he had wished to mix himself up in, the late war, he might, according to the theory of the directa potestas, and on the principle of the ratione peccati have said: the efficient cause of the war is the anger of the King of Prussia at M. Benedetti's conduct at Ems : anger is a sin : ergo, ! shall call upon the King of Prussia to demobilize his army. The Jesuits, on the other hand," would have said, No : this use of the divectci, potestas will frighten all good orthodox kings, and therefore Your Holiness can only exercise your jurisdic tion over the King of Prussia by means of the indirecta potestas. A war between Germany and France may cause the French to withdraw their troops from Rome. This withdrawal will clearly be in jurious to the interests of the Church: ergo, such a war may be injurious tothose interests ; ergo, Your Holiness has a right to call upon the King of Prussia to demobilize his army. Or, and this would have been the more likely argument, the success in a great European war of a heretical Power would be fatal to the interest of the Church, and therefore Your Holiness must command Austria, Spain, and all other Catholic States to join France against Germany. The practical result, it will be seen, is the same in one case as it is in the other; and, when 1 add that the deposing power, with all its consequences, and the untold cruelties which the assertion of the principle inflicted on our Roman Catholic fellow-subjects for three centuries, flows from the indirecta potestas, I have said enough to show that the change is only one of name. And yet the point at issue is' not without importance as connected with the Vatican Decrees, because, if those Decrees have any meaning at all, and are not a mere " tale full of sound and fury signifying nothing," they have most certainly destroyed the whole theory of the indirecta, potestas, a mere theological opinion which has never been pronounced ex cathedrd, and they have reinstated in all its former splendour the grand mediajval doctrine of the directa potestas, infallibly and irreformably pro claimed from the Papal Chair by no less than three Supreme Pontiffn. For my own part I confess that I greatly prefer the doctrine of the dhccta to that of the indirecta potestas. It is, iu theory at least, based on a moral foundation of impressive ideality ; the right of Christ's Vicar to call emperors and kings to account for the sins they commit in administering the affairs of this world. The indirecta potestas, on the other hand, is the basest and most ignoble product that ever emanated from a body pretending to be religious ; for uudcr the pretence of doing all things ad majorem Dei gloriam, it cynically separates the notion of moral obligation from the imperative duty of furthering, by any means which will compass the end, the political interests of the most ambitious hierarchy that ever threw its shadow between God and man. It came into the world with its blood tainted with the doctrines which have given to Jesuit ism its unenviable reputation, and it has scarcely grown healthier with its maturer years. But this is not the point to be considered. That point is whether the doctrine of the indi recta potestas is or is not compatible with the definitions of the Vatican Decrees, or whether Dr. Manning, in selecting the Unam Sanctum (whose raison detre is the enunciation of the doc trine of the directa potestas ) as the declatory act of Ultramontanism, has or has not placed him self in opposition to liis own thesis: that the Pope has no purely temporal jurisdiction over temporal princes. I leave the answer in the hands of common sense. To examine the remaining counter-assertions contained in Dr. Manning's letter would require an amount of space which I cannot claim at your hands; but the statement, sub. IV.. is so-as tounding that I must be allowed to glance at it Dr. Manning says : « The Pope did not begin to be infallible in 1870, nor were Catholics free to deny his infallibility before that date. The denial of his infallibility had indeed never been condemned by a definition, because since the rise of Gallicanism in 1G82 ho (Ecumenical Coun cil had ever been invoked." Now of course there may be a secret meaning in the expression "free to deny" to the effect that the churches, the (Ecumenical Councils and the Popes who denied the doctrine of infal libility have retrospectively been deprived of their freedom to do so. But as I cannot admit the use of crypto-hieratic language, I must as sert my inability to discover in these words, taken in their natural and literary sense, any meaning but the following : 1\. That Gallicanism took its rise in 1682 2\. That the denial of the Pope's infallibility was , m. some way inseparably identified with Gallicanism. 3\. That the reason why the denial of infallibi lity could not before 1870 be condemned by a definition, was that no (Ecumenical Council was convoked between 1682 and 1870, which clearly imphes the proposition that the only period of Church history during which Papal infallibility was denied was during the last two centuries V«-> S1,nc? the supposed rise of Gallicanism in 1682, during which it is an undoubted fact, both of Vatican or profane history, that no General Council met. Now these statements are clearly incompatible with the following, viz. : — 1\. That Gallicanism took its rise 300 vears before 1682.+ . - . 2\. That the Pope s infallibility, though denied with exceptional emphasis by the Gallican, Church in its national and corporate capacity was no less emphatically denied by other eccle siastical bodies, by prelates of the highest stand ing, and theologians of the greatest reputation throughput the world, as, e.g., by the Irish Oliurcli in its corporate capacity, and by the vicars apostolic of England. , 3\. That the doctrine of infallibility, far from never having had the chance of being defined by a general council, was brought before the forum of two (Ecumenical Councils, that of Constance and that of Basle, where the. doctrine was con demned, and this condemnation ratified hi t/vree Popes, Martin V., Eugene IF., and Pius II. t When the doctrine .was first broached in :Bellarmine's "De Romano Pontifico" this learned work was put on the Index by Sixtus \+ The censure of Jean de Montson in 1837 by the theological faculty of Paris may be taken as the first .official declaration of- Gallicanism- so far as the denial of the Pope's infallibility is con cerned., . . , . , -t The decrees of the Council, of Constance . afford a crucial , test . by which' to ascertain whether those of the Vatican are binding on Roman Catholic consciences. For the one con tradict the other, and the latter do so con-- ; sciously and ex preposito. The Infallibility of the Vatican gives the lie direct and sans phrase to the Infallibility of Constance. Here are the- words of the Decree of the Council of Constance iu itB fifth Session :— "In the name of the Holy Trinity, &c.;, 'this Synod of Constance being a General Council, and assembled for the extirpation of the present Schism, and the Reformation of the Church of God in its head (i. e. the Papal chair and mem bers . . . - ordains, defines, decrees, and declares as follows :— First, that being assembled in the Holy Ghost, and thereby constituting a General . Council and representing the Catholic Church, every man of whatsoever state and dignity, even the Papal ( etiamsi papulis) is bound to obey it in matters appertaining unto faith, and to the extirpation of the aforesaid schism, and to the general Reformation of the Church in its Head and members," It thon further declares that every man, even the Pope, who shall disobey its commands shall be sub mitted to condign punishment. No words, Vatican or profane, can exprtsi more clearly the dogma (for everything emanat ing from a General Council when acting as the ecclesia docens is a dogma, and as such irreforrh - able, i.e., infallible, irrevocable, and unchange able) that the Pope is untenable to a General These latter propositions are the simple histo rical facts of the case, which any intelligent schoolboy can get up who has access to a good library. How are we to account for a discrepancy of such altogether unmanageable proportions — a discrepancy which, when reduced to English equivalents, would be like the assertion tbafc Magna Charta took its rise in the reign of Char les the Second, and that the Reform Bill could not be passed before 1830, because for several centuries previously no Parliaments had been convoked ! I confess that 1 have never before stood face to face with a literary fact so utterly incompre hensible. That Dr. Manning should bo ignorant of the history of his own Church is an untenable as sumption : that he should place before the pub lic what he does not believe to be true is au assumption even more untenable. What road leads out of this dilemma I fear it is not far+o find, only we must not look for it in the fields of literature. Dr. Manning's history of Gallicanism, as given above, can be no other than the Vatican version of the facts connected with Gallicanism, infalli- bilized ex post facto on tho principles laid down in his pastoral, and quoted in the note to p. 172. The non-existence of Gallicanism prior to 1682, and the disappearance from history of the decrees of two (Ecumenical Councils denying Infallibility, ratified by three Popes, would, ac cording to this method, cleai-ly be "truths of mere history so necessary to the order of the (new) faith, that the whole (Vatican) world would be undermined if they were not infallibly certain." Such infallible certainty respecting thorn cannot, however, be created by mere human history, and it must therefore be created by the infallible authority of the Church. The doctrine of Infallibility "is a doctrine contained in the Divine tradition of the Church, and therefore all difficulties from human history are excluded by prescription." Such are the facts of the case before us, and- they amount to this : that a prelate of com manding position in the Vatican hierarchy, a man of unquestionable intellect, of perfect integrity, and undoubted veracity, knowing, moreover, as an Englishman born, though now dispensed from an allegiance to the British Crown, what the prejudices of his former countrymen are in regard to that which they consider to be truth and falsehood, has under taken, apparently de gaiete de cceur, to stand in the market-place with a sheet of white paper -in his hand and to declare coram populo, not only that it is black, this the ordinary duty of obedience to a superior officer might compel him to do, but that, knowing that it is white, he yet believes it to be black ! Now can we for one moment doubt that we are here confronted by an actually living and breathing instance of that stupendous "fiola- cust" of the entire human soul, intellect in cluded, in the burning fire of obedience required by the rules of the Ienatian Church ? Is there any solution of the difficulty conceivable except that which is contained in the words— graven with the point of Loyola's sword in the hearts of his disciples — "that true obedience requires not the execution, merely, so that a man shall execute that which he is commanded, nor theio'ill merely, so that he shall do it freely and cheerfully, but also the judgment, so that the inferior, in regard to that which he is instructed to do, shall feel in fc le same sense as his superior, and that that which appears true and right in the eyes of the superior shall likewise appear true and right in the eyes of the inferior, the latter by main force making his intellect bend to his will ?" " It is a strange spectacle, and yet I can well understand that the Vatican should require this sacrifice of the finest intellects at its disposal, for without it where would it be ? But what 1 cannot comprehend is that it should apparently insist upon this sacrifice being performed in public. They manage these things better in Japan, When a great ecclesiastical or temporal digni tary is there called upon by tho code of honour which rules the public service to proceed to tho " happy .despatch," the ceremony is performed in the strictest privacy. The blinds are pulled down, a perfumed lamp is lit, incense iB burned to the gods, and before a select circle of rela tives; and friends the daimio falls upon his sword And, be it weU remembered, the Japa nese peint d'honneur requires the sacrifice of the body only, not that of the soul ! ' ; But I must now conclude, andl will do so by strongly urging upon Dr. Manning to give up Council in : matters of faith, and that such a Council stands above tho Pope aud constitutes the tribunal by which ho can be judged : srgo, that the Pope is fallible, and the Church, event without the Pope, infallible. The Vatican Decrees, on the other hand, de clare that the Pope is puissant with that Infalli bility ( ed infallibilitate pollcre) with which Christ endowed His Church, and that His defi nitions are irreformable, i.e., infallible, irrevo cable, and unchangeable, of themselves (ex sese), and do not desire their irreformability from the consent of the Church (ex consensu ecclesios). No . words, Vatican or profane, can express more clearly the dogma that the Pope is not amenable to a General Council in matters of faith, , that he stands above such Council, and that he is the tiibunal by which the Church must be judged, and not the Church the tribu nal by which he must be judged: ergo, that he. is infallible, and the Church, without him, fal lible.; The Constance Dogma of tho Pope's infallibi lity was again proolaimed ipissimis verbis by the Council of Balse _ during its early sittings, .and when ita cecumonicity was beyond the shadow of a doubt, and, as was stated in the toxt, it was solemnly ratified ex cathedra by no less than three Popes. Like a solid rool it has stood for nearly 500 years, in the way of tho procla mation of that dogmatio supremacy which the Popes sought to establish as the outcome of their executive supremacy over matters spiritual and temporal, until in our day a packed jury- treading under feot all the observances which find before been ruled to be of the essence of a General Council, voted that in 1414 the Holv uliosu had been a heretic.. I need hardly advert to the subterfuges, sup pressions of that which is true, suggestions of tqat which is false, to the frauds and forgeries, V? ve uutold terrorism by whioh the Dogma of Constance has from the day of its — — llllllill III trying to force Vaticanism on English Protest ants! He will do no good to his Church by '.' these endeavours, and may do it an infinity of "harm. Hitherto the British public has not . .taken the Vatican Decrees au serieux, but lias 'rather looked upon them as a harmless craze. " But/ unless 1 am much mistaken, a different 1 feeling is springing up ; and if Englishmen once seevthat on the plea of giving to Caesar the things '- 'ithat be Caesar's, and unto God the things that . be/God's, the Vatican is really calling on their Boman Catholic fellow-subjects to appropriate both the things that bo God's and the things that be Caesar's, in order to hand them over to some ' one else who is neither God nor Caesar, that feel ing may become a very dangerous, one. No Englishman who has preserved the coherence of his reason will ontcrtain a doubt about the loy alty of his Roman Catholie brethren. But per fect trust in that loyalty is compatible with a ' very unamiable feeling towards those who may bo caught in the act of trying to tamper with that loyalty. " / 'If, however, Dr. Manning will persist in his endeavours to convince usthat we are all Ultra- montanes without knowing it, then, in the /name of his friend and ally, common sense, let ' him give up the use of crypto-hieratic language, '-'! or Vaticanese, as we shall henceforth call it, and , condescend to call a spade a spade, and a Pope a Pope. Englishmen are much more likely to relish Vaticanism in the undiluted shape in which it can be obtained on the spot, with all the spirit arid, the fire left in it, and with its fine aroma of . '/anathema untouched, than a de-alcoholized ' -mixture, which by trying to be both Romanist 'and Protestant succeeds in being neither. I remain, : . You obedient servant, . f . The Writer oe the Articles on "Prussia ! ' and the Vatican." \- P. S. November. 22. — Since the above was in 'type, Mr. Gladstone's shell has burst within .-.-the . Vatican camp, . and a controversy, which . ..every one who had eyes to see. might have. fore seen would come, has burst oyer the land.. /. ! ./;.T.need hardly call attention to the! impbrtahce, in' Dr. Manning's replies to Mr. .Gladstone and ;the New York interviewer, of / the;! decipher .. furnished in the foregoing letter.! By. the help of .this key it will be at once apparent that Dr. Manning's statements, though strictly true in Jftaicdnesa, are strictly the reverse. , in. English, , j and it wiU strike mpst people that in writing to \ ! .such a very representative English/organ, as .the '.Times, Dr. Manning might have used. .the //Queen's English and not the hieratic speech bf / . tthe , Curia Romana. " - ' ;/;/ /./ 3 '/It is not, however, my intention, at present to /enter into a philological discussion with: Dr. Manning, and I shall therefore confine myself to. asking him five questions in connection with ; //his assertion that the Vatican Decrees-have. not ./altered one jot of the obligation / of! Catholics /..towards the civil power. , /. .. 1'. Did Dr. Manning himself and the bulk of his clergy, consider : themselves before.tlie Vati can Decrees as absolved from their allegiance to , the British Crown, and as standing, wholly and . entirely within the jurisdiction of the Papal1 Chair? and that in such wise that if the laws 6f ' '.the Curia, came into collision with those of the British Empire they were bound .to obey . the, for- / mer at the risk of coming into collision with the .latter?-: ; /:..; /,.- /./ .;'/'/;/' . , 2. If Dr. Manning aud his clergy did not con-1 aider themselves previously to , July lSl/O as ab- , / j solyed .from their .allegiance to theBritish Croovn, ; ,is it or is it not a fact, that; since the Vatican, ' Decrees they a,rc /dogmatically. /bound,, ,,at the! ;. peril of. their, souls', salvation,, to consider them- , selves absolved froni that alleguice? .: 3. Is it .not certain that the Irish Bishops and ' ;birth been sought to be stamped out by the Pon- tiffs' who have successively 'filled "St. Peter's Chair, until in 1874 a Vatican Prelate, in perfect /good faith, can afford simply to ignore its haying ever ' existed, and use language which 1 implies that 'the denial of the Pope's Infallibility only began in 1682. For my purpose it is sufficient to have proved that "it is untrue to say"' (I borrow Dr. Manning's forniula) " that Catholics were not free to deny the Pope's infallibility be- fore'1870." They were not only free to do; so, but every Catholic who took the constitution 'of -the Catholic, as distinct from the/Papal Church, >(«» serieux, was bound to consider such a doctrine a heresy. Hence in Vaticanese 1 " not to be free to1 do a1 thing" is equivalent not only to " being free to do it. but forced to do it.; . The placing of the Decrees of Constance into correct perspective with those of Hie Vatican is of ' the utmost importance, as affording the key to the attitude of sincere urivaticanized Roman. Catholics like Lord Actriri, Lord/ Camoys,' and Mr. Henry Pctrc-— an attitude which seems so -puzzling at first sight to us Protestarits.1 These \- men know that there are certain" physical and /mathematical limits even to Infallibility, 'and itHat it omniunv consensu, the Decrees of General Councils, ratified by Popes, are binding on the conscience, and two sets of such Decrees : are i contradictory, they cannot possibly act other wise, than choose which set has the best claim to inspiration. A Pope can force a Galileo to believe that the sun goes round the earth : he ; cannot force liim to believe that at one and the .same time it goes round the earth and the earth round !it. ; An athlete with careful training can learn to ride- round a circus on two horses, if they go in the same direction ; but no amount . of traming will enable him to perform this feat ,if -they/gorin contrary directions. With the /Council- ;o'f; -Constance at their backs, therefore, \- ! . siricere'Roman Catholics can listen with perfect '.equanimity to the thunders of the Vatican. The Catholic Church, as Gerson in a magnifi cent passage puts it, is in their eyes something > : very different from an assembly of Popes, Cardi- : nals, and . Clerics—why should they sever them selves from its communion because these men rage ? it is for these men to take the offensive, not for them. They say virtually to the Curia v ; ;; .Romana " Messieurs de la yarile, tirezlesprc- miers ," and I can prophesy very confidently that f the Roman pretonans will take uncommon good . care -not to fire or attempt to excommunicate , Eiujlisk laymen for holding fast to Old Catholic "doctrine. Has not Dr. Oakeley with venerable . . , naivete told us that the Roman Pontiff knows ; how-to temper the wind of British liberty to the . shorn -lambs of the Vatican Church dispersed in England! - . . ; the English Vicars- Apostolic, who made the de- claration quoted in my first article, did not con sider themselves as absolved from their British allegiance? . 4\. Is there not a risk that a body of officials not bound by the ties of allegiance to tKeCrownof the country in which they are actively employed, aud having to obey a code of laws radically dif ferent from those of that country, may come into collision with the latter ? 5\. Is Dr. Manning perfectly certain that cases have n« fc .already arisen within his own jurisdic tion in which clerical persons have been brought into a conflict of jurisdiction of the kind above described, and have decided (since 1S70) in favour of the Curial jurisdiction with the follow ing result, viz., that, if not themselves guilty of criminal offences, a question I will leave open, they have aided and abetted subjects of the Queen in the commission of criminal offences (i.e., criminal according to British law) in con tempt of Her Majesty's supremacy ? I require plain answers in plain English to these plain questions. Hitherto we have only heard of the possibility of a divided allegiance on the part of Roman Ca tholics. The question on which I desire infor mation is whether. Vatican clerics have it still open to them to give even a fractional allegiance to the Queen, and whether they are not, at the peril of their ./souls'/ salvation, . bound to give their allegiance whole and entire to our Lord .the Pope ?. 