THE OLD HOUSE BY THE BOYNE ; OB, CEOOMiEaxxoxtS OF AJN llblSJti BOEOUGH. By MRS. J. SADLIER. CHAPTER XVII.— (Continued.) A simultaneous sign from Rose and Nancy admonished him of his error, aud he remembered at once bow the old woman had warned him not to speak of the ghost in M iss Acli land's presence; but too late, one and the other, too late to avoid wounding the heart that had loved Ralph Melville, and loved his memory still. A mortal paleness overspread Miss Ackland's face, and she sank back in her chair almost fainting, as Hose bad seen ner once oerore wnen sue de livered Mabel's message. Rose and Madda lena new to her assistance ; she smiled ?faintly and gent'y motioned them away, but by a sudden impulse she caught Maddalena's hand, and the girl, sorrowing and amazeri, knelt beside her, when she fixed a long aud wistful look on her face, then sighed heavily, and her eyes filled with tears. Qi&~ como sent Nancy for a glass oi water, and when Miss Ackland had taken a little she revived and sat up a. gain smiling at her own weakness. (Jiacorno commenced to apolo gize, but she stopped him, saying— 'Pray don't mention it, ('jiacomo.- It is I that should rather apologize for paving so alarmed you and Maddalena. I am, ashamed of my weakness, wh^eh y$% J_ cannot over come.' *?' An' still you weren t a bit daunted when you seen him, Miss Lyddy,' said Nancy with the respectful familiarity of long ser vice and tried fidelity, ' Mister Jacoray, she isn't the least bit afraid of ghosts.' A severe look from Miss Ackland silenced her, and she soon after made her retreat to the kitchen, having been summoned to the sitting-room at Rose's request expressly to entertain Maddaleua with her stories. Much did Giacomoand his s^s-er desire to know who and what the Captain Melville had been who was so fondly remembered by Miss Ackland years after his death. They looked it Rose and Rose looked at them.; she read their thoughts, and would gladly have given the information they so much desired, bufc 3he knew that neither then nor after was ife allowable for her to make any allusion to bhat subject. Her aunt, moreover, warned her by a look, and she was glad to turn tn« conversation to something else. Maddalena, however, could not help thinking of what she had heard concerning the ghost, and when she and Rose retired for the night, she asked with 9ome hesitation where it was that Miss Ackland had seen the ghost. ' Was it in this house V '' Not exactly/' said Rose, ' it was out on the esplanade.' ? ' On the esplanade. Oh ! I will never go there again in the evening.' '* And why?' *' Why, only think, if the Signor Capitaho should appear to me. O cielo I' ' But my dear Maddaleua, why should h« appear to you?' ' And why should he appear to your aunt?' ' Oh ! because my aunt knew him when he was alive. He used to be a visitor here a great while ago.' ' You tell me so V taid Maddalena with a shudder — ' oh 1 I wish I had not come.' Rose did not like the subject for that par* ticular time and place, but she tried to con ceal her own fears in order to reason Mad dalena out of hers ; reasoning failed, how ever, and then Rose tried raillery, which she found more effective. ? She began to laugh and make a jest of the whole affair, going so far as to say that her aurit might only have imagined that she saw the ghost, and after a little while she got Maddalena to laugh, too, and then Rose found, to her sur prise, that her own secret fears had all but vanished, and she actually felt the courage she but feigned before. So much forthe power of self-control, and the blissful elasticity of youth. When sleep came down on the eye lids of those two fair friends, it brought-' no dreams of terror. Not so calm was Miss Ackland's sleep ; fieice gusts of winds still shook the old walla at times, and howled around the casements, and Lydia Ackland was ever wakeful when the winds were abroad. Visions of terror and affright then filled her mind ; the cries of drowning men were in her ears, mingling with the shrieks of the blast, and one voice she ever seemed to hear above all the rest, one face but too familiar her fancy still distinguished, turning ever on her a sad re« proachful glance ere it vanished in the deep dark waters. Then tt was that self-reproach was torture, and one trifling fault was mag nified by conscience into a grievous sin. Then she wept and prayed, oh, how fer vently, for that soul so suddenly called to its account; it was only when the winds wer« at length hushed, and the stillness of 'night brought calm to the troubled mind, that her weary eyelids closed in sleep, and past and present were alike forgotten. On the following day, Giacomo came early to ask the ladies to go out for a drive in the afternoon ; Miss Ackland declined going, fic£wnsg' mat the others should call for Mrs. Hamilton, a widow lady of her acquaintance who was in delicate health, and rather low in circumstances. She was very amiable and very intelligent, and altogether JV£is« Ackland felt much interested in her, having known her when the prospects of both were brighter, and Mrs. Hamilton a happy wife., Rose caught eagerly at the proposition j Mrs. Hamilton was one of her favourites, too, and, as she said, 'It will do the poor thing good ; she cannot often have a drive.' Giacomo looked as though he would will ingly have dispensed with the fair ;.widaw'a company on the occasion, but of course h© took core not to say so, and the matter was arranged accordingly. The afternoon came, school was dismissed/ aud our young trio set out iu the best possi ble spirits— Rose telling her aunt to take care (»f herself as she laughingly kissed hep hand to her as they drove off ; Miss Ack land had gone down to the gate with them. Maddalena had petitioned to b© allowed to remain with Miss Ackland, butherofferwas gratefully declined,, and shej was reluctantly obliged to go with the oib,eFS. They had been gone an hour ar so when $ ring cain,e to ihe door; and Misa Acklanda reading in the back parlour, was surprised by the entrance of a gentleman in uniform whoin she instantly recognized as Major Melville. It was not without a ceriain d.e-- gree of embarrassment that she returned hia bow, and requested him to be seated, Ther-a. was a momentary pause, and Ui,eri it waa the gentleman who spoke. ' Miss Ackland mus$ be rather surprised to see me here, an-\ I confess I feel rathep awkward myself1 all things considered,' ' I certaiuly did not expect the. 'hoaour of a visit fpojn, Major Melville,' the lady re» plied sp,mewhat ptiffly. ' And yet I have visited your house, before, if not yourself.' ' Sc I have heard, Major Melville, »nd with some surprise. I am at a loss, to under stand why you should yisif my haate, or my self either.' (.'?? 'Am I not; welcome then'i' 'Yes, undoubtedly, if you come as a .?friend.' Her voice trembled as she added, «' Ralph 'Melville's brother cannot but be i welcome under this roof .' v.:.. 'I thank you, Miss Ackland — for his ?V-sake if not for my own,' and the major ?', bowed with stately grace. 'There was a ??? time, I will frankly tell you, when I thought it was Jbeyond the range of possibility that I should cross the threshold of your home.' ' That was not strange,' said Miss Ack land in a voice barely audible. ' You thought you owed me no good will, and from your point of view you certainly did onor.' '? And from yours V he ab-uptly asked. '.« 'Sympathy — affection,' she promptly nswered. ??: ' That I cannot admit,' said the major, shaking his head gravely. ' What did T — ^ what did we owe you of sympathy or affec ' I. will tell you,' said Miss Ackland, her pale cheek stfffdsed with a crimson blush, and the light of her departed youth flashing , from her eyes usually so mild, -'I may tell . you now what I never told your brother : if . =' the warmest and truest love for him in life, ~- and the most enduring sorrow for him in .- death— ay ! sorrow that blighted my life's bloom and left me old ere youth was past — if these gave me any claim on your sym pathy and compassion, then I tell you, Guy Meiyile, I deserved both.' She covered her face with her hands, and the tears trickled from between her slender fingers. When she withdrew her hands, and hastily, wiped the tears from her eyes, she found the major standing b'efore her, regard ; ing her with a look which she could not under ' stand, earnest, wistful, yet irresolute, as though a struggle were going on within. 'Then you regretted the treatment of my brother?' he said in a husky voice. ?? V Eegretted it, oh, how much I did regret it. I have been very wretched.' ' No doubt remorse is hard to bear, when once it takes possession of the soul.' ' Remorse, Major Melville, is too strong a word for my regret ; to feel remorse, one must have done some grievous wrong.' ' And did you not do a grievous wrong, when you wantonly sported with a heart so noble as was that of Balph, and finally cast it from you as a worthless thing ?' Miss Ackland felt that a searching glance was bent upon her, but she did not .shrink from its scrutiny. -She raised her eyes and looked full in the face of her inter locutor- ' Pardon me, Major Melville,' she said somewhat haughtily, u I cannot plead guilty to that extent. I repaid your brother's love with love equal to his own, and I meant nothing less than to sport with his affection ; his own precipitancy in wresting a wrong meaning out of my words was the first cause of our fatal separation, my annoyance 'vl-'r, :l~c ^''j1 ?'tT-'1-Lr-d his unkind suspicion, the second, .nut hart x a.^ ? ? the moment that he really took my equivo cating answer as a final one, I would un doubtedly have undeceived him.' Guy Melville looked afc her for a moment, and a smile curved his lip and brightened his grave countenance ; he took her hand and said in a kindly tone — ' I believe you, Miss Ackland, and if Ralph were in my place he would believe you, and be happy in believ ing. I shall hope to see you again.' He then took his leave, and Miss Ackland though much surprised, felt|all the better and happier for his visit. (To be continued.) 