AN EXTRAORDINARY IRISH . GHOST. Tfi* fleWiui Ntwilttier contains a long acount Christ at Gaokslo»n, who i4Miil*>'diiJhalHnYty with U)Q peatilont mys tNiDUl'atoob-LhvDWora ofCleikonwell, Lou ic*L 'TWOooTcsifcown visitant prooeoda with his work of destruction ss vigorously as over, ?siting at deflauca all effort* to discover tho juh. A alight nulla ii latwvrd in tho Hilting roomt,«ad it is discovered tiiat a pair of wiu \- dow 6ttrt*1iiB it dbatroycd. afc if a handrul had Item) torn fromthe middle of uaoh, A hat is .laid down, andin n few tniuutca it is found withtbs brimcut through totho baud, and tornaWM' pnoaeh side. A pair of boots is miWing, pnd discovered in tho garden hacked ittopiebea.' -The natural consequence of,tho ?»fctfonanoe'of this toisorablo businots is that tliBpeqple soom to be relapsing info old supor mlliouii nbtlons of a hundred yoars ago. Old Aostetiribsthat used to entertain our grand fathers wbenthby wore oliildron andjoircaltloj, and children ran from the dcoj»ciiiiig gloom of the evening and up Ihelr atatious in the chimney corner. Tho gho«Vtho oorremon dentsayvblds'ftdr to! luild' its prtsenk weak sMetly in *e#oiduioo wit . tho fbros of its flrttannounoemeht-nauioly, for tho - epaeo of ayearMda:dav, ' By tho way, this notice waaaoi*edtotoo«loorof:its inhabitation for U)Bit«floi>»ing,Mid consisted of *'«heot of paper; on wli oh tho handwriting bore unmis takable nssenlbUinfc* to thecallgru#hy <6rdi oarily douoliy «n«xp6it human haiid. Shortly after the appoafimoo of; tliil intimation, it would *eem as if it jtad changed, its ghostly mind, M fi'simllar'Boi'ap^f fiapir fastened, on theAooroffihguso nbanft tho 4ontrt) ,6f .'tho town, comveyeil tbo diSmal tidings to th'o^liirri fledoooupanui'tbat it purposed'taking up "its quartoffc .with thorn, uut up to the prrs'qnt timi'tbo^MitlUiehsli Wt beau redeemed. No . dot&ttl; its -witrd, Mtil"wh abroad upon tho world from Its unBonk abode will hold them iu daUful r^itfraibraiioo. A fow dayft^«;*ioiM«aipt|ijnoo,,Or,"lo ap'jakin-Bpirit ualiinio Jaflguago^.* ,manifoetBbiiU aoouiTCct, whioh fame, .imagine. confutes the . idea of a ghost altogether,: A .wearing, ooM. slid n pair of Iraob were locked up for too night to make certain of their perfaofcaafoty for the next day's use, to tar as look nnd -kojiould gnafantoo it. When nraduood.in tlib tpoj-jiing audoxamiued no'lUarlu of thelrliaviiig boon tampered with woiy apparent . Jl'he ./owjier, as /any other poi t<« would do,% nrcaorao, Ihoughtloasly laid oneof Mtboolshy bjs lido on itho floor while be tlrow the other on; lo!. wkoii he liftod it ngaiii lhoj jjpper.pjrlwa^ cuj; awny,. The coat liftdl&op; thrown onafhairto vuit its tuiii, but'vehtAi'taktu vp.'j^tfqund.to be minus a sleeve. TUijiiifercnbb tram this is I hat so long as anytlijrigu well sooiired it is out of dangor, or when .1*, is out .of ths> reaoh of liumtui hands tho ghost does apt hurl it. Tm the coiine of a Ineturo delivered by Mr. John Armstrong, at llydo, he remarks that " Amongst the many hard things which wore said of Ciin. he Wie called a * bull calf; that wa* tni41Mfi tf 'tl TiHpjHiied in Inland. Tliorc wet* wynuighhors-Ario a Oatbolio, the other a ProloMnnt i the lattorliad the advantago of being an Urmngomau as well as a Proloslaot. The Ciitbolic bought n cow from tho Oratijre. inan ; »lnin lie took it homo to his wifo she said, * Tim, ngrn,' says alio, 'wo ought to thry and bavo n lilummR with thut basto. lladn't I bettor bring out tho drupof holy wstcr that's ill the cnphnnnl Y Thoy imtli brought out the bottlo inpnossd to contaiu tho blosscd water, and sprinkled tho oow ; but alaal it was vit riol. When tho cow commcncod to kioh up ehiiios, ' Oh, Till), agra,' says Biddy,' glory be to God, aha Iisb a dale of tho Protestant in her yet I'" SwALi' ? A QujLKJM?n>.-An oitra ordinary - . . >)tua reported by tlio ' Satoi 1,1. ' .t . .omber 12:-" Monday ujoriiin;:. ^ JLU instant, oponeil with a light south-south-west brocso and cloudy eky, baro meter at 35dcg., and the thermometer at 70dog. Tlio bar was broaking heavily from the J J111 fl* to tlio Back Beach. ] u tlio latter part of tlio day the barometer remained at SOrivg. and the thctmouwUir &t; GOdog. Tho wind bad shiftod to suuth-caat, an ominous black cloud lay on the southern horizon, the tea was increasing, and tho vessels at the an chorage were labouring heavily. About <5 p m, a strong nuntli-Boiitu-aaat galo sprang up, accompanied with heavy rain, and ontimiod throughout tho night. The brig Star of Wales, 181 tons, oauio ashore botwoon 8 and 0 o'elock on Monday night, noar the Uingemi moutli, ami soon became a total wrook. Only two of tho crow were saved-viz., Samuel Walton and Juhn O'iN'cil. Tho new barquo Transvaal, only about six months old, 362 tons, Captain Bolton, came ashore about 7 a.m. on Tuesday near the Umgemi-mouth. She oamo alongside tho quicksands, and in two minutes timoshe disappeared altogolhor. Tho sight ns described by thoso who saw it must havo boon a torrible ono. Tlio crew had lashed themselves to the mizou- mast, when theiarquo suddouly rollod ovor to tbo wind ward and lay thcro, the mast going over board. Tho uoxt soa struck lior dock full on, crushing it liko an egg- shell. Kvory noul on board polished. Tho oaptain was tho only one on shoro. The oargo is valued at £25,000 to £30,000 Tho same morning tho cargo liegan to wash up. The l>oaoh near the Umgemi was strewn with candles, tins of bis cuits, cat OS of wine, Jims, sausajfos aceor ile oiik, pianos, He., &o.; tbo oaptain . bod on' bqanl of his own oror £KOO of valuables, cfy-onomolurs, wbioh is all hmt, as it was ntit insured. Ile deeply rogrota the loss of his crew-ono of ^iojfluost sot_ of follows he over sailed with-as'wbll'as bis smart yossel Ono of tlio hunts of tho Transvaal strauded on the beach in tolerably good condition. Her masts liavo also washed up." THE London JSchf) writesIn old timos, wbou etiquette ruled all thinos, tho rule was that no ono should spank to tho king until the tiijg harf first adilressod him. But this is quite changed now, and before a king is well seated upon his throne, and almost bofore lie is s king, an 14 interviewer" pounces upon him, ant cross-oxamiuea him as it lie werea doubt ful1 witness in a oourt King of Spain's orowii, though ordered, had not as yet, wo bcluivo,,beou sont home by tho maker, before ah ?'emtsskry of tho Arete York Herald called at the Hotol Bwilewiky Mid said to tho porter,' King Alfonso at home !' ' Well, sir,* said .the porter, * ho is at 'homo, but-' ' Just take him up iny card; 'he'll soo me; don't be afraid.* A fow minutes after wnt-ds iu aoinas the King, trying to look as old as lie can. . Please to answer a fow ques tions, and bo good enough toapealf sloffrly, as l'vb got to take down the anawora,' says tho emissary of the' Ken York Herald, 1 Now, then, aro you pre pared to negotiate in rospoct to Gibraltar P 'Yes,'replies the King, not quite undorslanding tho question, but think ing that his interlocutor expects 'yos.' '(food. Would yon like to settle tho Cuban difficulty ?' ' > >f course I would,' says tho King, 'but it isn't so easy.' 'Oh, where thero is a will there is a way/ says the inter viewer, encouragingly. . By-tue-bv, hare you got the rope d Glossing f Alt, that's all right. Ah, that's all right. Wo'll sell some 1«,000 additional copies on the strength of that to the New York Irish.' This is neatly the sort of thing that kings seem glsd to put up with nowaday;." "COURTESY is a duty public servants owe 4o tbo meanest of the putlio.1' The Melbourne Argut is of opinion that plao.irds, having upon them tho abovo- quotod words, should be hung up in the various Government offices. A NortU Adah'b boy being away from homo recently, was questioned up:u his return na to where ho hod spent the day. lie repliod ho had been to tho funeral of Mr. , and carried chairs, BO (hat they let him in free ! " WHAT is a fort I" asked a teacher. " A plaoe to put men in,' waa the answor. *' What is a fortress, thent" Tho answer was prompt: " A place to put womon." Teaoukr : ?' First boy, what is your namo f" First boy: "Julc, sir." Teacher: "You sbouhl say Julius. Next linyj what is your name t" Socond by: " itilliuii, sir." A lias had bettor have a millstono tied to his neck and be cast into Iho sea, than to pro miso to many a Texas girl and tLen refuse. Tho whole country turns out to hunt bim, and bo is generally left to grow up with a treo. A bbuchant in New York snbscvibei liborally to tbo honor of tho poet Bryant, sup posing that lie was subscribing for the min strel (if that name. On finding his mistake lio withdrew bis subgciptlon. There is no accoiHiting for taste. A LiniE girl reading the " liistoiy of England" witft her mother, and ooming to tlio statement that Henry I never laughed after tho death of his son, looked up' and said: " What did bo dp when ho was tickled." Hbi.bs ii. COOK writes that "kisses on her brow arc tho riches diadom that a woman's soul aspires to." And yet a fellow who kisses a young lady on her brow; while her rosy lips are making motions liko a patent clothes wringer is not tho man for tbo position. A POI/T1NO brido, on hor first sea voyage, writes home: " The motion of the screw stsamor is like riding a gigantic camel that has the heart disease, and you to not miss a single throb. I know of nothing to compare with it for ibovedom, unless it bo your honey moon when you hkvo married for money." ? When «.'widow in any neighborhood pots her oaj) for a young man, there isn't one chance in a toillion for any young wom&u; to win, even if the holds the four aces. " UtDOnylhing about tho defendant strike your eye as rotnarkaUe t" asked the judge of the plaintiff in a case of assault and battery. " It (lid, yer'hcmor." 1 .' And Viliat was it r' continuod the judge. " His fist, yer honor." A niiOODV Vfiudetta(s»)'s tho Eunptan Mail) has beon waged toft samo time between two families iu Williamson Ceuojty, : ^llinois, in which sit pcoplo'^isve alt«My'been killed. The families are named Bulliner and Sisney. About a year ago they hid a disputo con cerning nomogram,: a fight followed on the spot,, but no ond was (hen killed. - But soon afterwords, «liuti Ballinar prre was riding alone along tho road, shots wore flrnl at him from 1 tho brush, from the eflocts of which ho diod a few hours after. Soma weeks passed by, and the next opo was the old jnau Henderson, a relative oT the Sisnpys, wbon Jho was standing in liie own yartl, in lrout of liis house. The assassin hod apparently concealed himself bo hiud tho foneo ; tlio .fatal shot was flrod, and the victim illiid without a strugglo. Ono had nowhooukjlled on oach bide. Jlut oaoh bad loft a family of crown boys, who were aided and sympathised with by their friends and ueighboura respectively. The war bad now hut jnsilieguii. The next v'iotim was ono of tho young liidlinors. Ho was walking along tho road. His aunt, an aged lady, was somo Jiitnnco nhonil. This shot, whiuli was ilrod by somo unknown hand, killed the young man anil seriously wounded the Inilv, who, it is said, will be a cripple fur lifa. Tbo next man shot was ono Dilinorc, who ia not known to have beon connootod with the pff.iir fntlhor than thst he was supposed to bo a m&toiisl; witness as to the kilting of Hendorson. Tho next to fall was lliucbelilT, who had idontiGcd himself with tbo Bulli'ior sido. lie wob on borsebaok, lidlug Inwards town. Ho was shot and killed instautly, and the horse was Wiled at tho same titno, Time passed on until an unknown assassin in stocking feet crept across tho open Bold and disohatgou his gun through tho front window of Kisnoy's house. Sisney was at the timo seated at tho tablo with a neighbour's son by tho namo of Hindman, aged about fourteen years, bis wifo and chil dren being in tho room, nud noar by. Hitnoy's arm and shouldor were badly shattered, but somo hope is ontcrtainod that he w ill recover, but poor Iliuimau, who had taken no part iu tho difficult)-, /ell, bis body piorcoa with thirteen buckshot. It is cxpooted the next victim iu ordor now will bo on tbo Bulliner udo. now MB. LINCOLN- Foeoavf. HTM.-An editor of a weokly paper, published in a little v ilhaga in Missouri, called at the White Houso, and was admitted to Mr. LfncoJa's presen co. lie told Mr. Liucoln that ho was lUo man who first mentioned Ills name for the Prcsidoncy, and pulling from bis pocket an old, worn, detaaid copy of bin paper, ex hibited an item on the subject. " Do you roallythink," said Mr. Lincoln, "that an nouncement was the occasion of my nomina tion!" "Certainly," Baid the editor, "the suggestion was so opportuno that it was at ouoo taken up by the othor papers, and the rmult ws« your nomination and eleotiou." "Ail I well, said Mr. Lincoln with a sigh and assuming a -rather gloomy countenanco, " I am glad to seo you ana know this, but yon will have to excuse me ; I am just going to tho War Department to BOO Mr. Stanton," " Well," said tho editor, " I will walk over with, you."' The President, with that apt good natiiro so characteristic of him, took up hisihnt add said, " Come along." Wlioy thoy reached the door, of the Secretary's office, Mr. Lincoln turned to Ills companion and said, "I shall have to see Mr. Stanton alone atad you matt oxouro me,'1 and taking him by the hand ha continued, " Good-bye ; I hopo you will fed perfectly easy about having nominated me; don't be troubled about it; I forgive you."- Washington Chronicle. KAILWAl'6 IN THE Urii-isii EMPIRE.-Tho London correspondent of tho Molhourno Arpui says " Some statuLios just published show the' total number of milos o! railway opoa and working in the British Empire to tho moat reotetuiates obtainable, but mostly to tho 81st December, 1873:-United King dom, 10,082 miles; India, 5872 .miles; Doipinion. pf Canada, 3899 milos; Victoria, 4$6 miles': New South .Wales, 402 miles ; Queensland, 230 miles ; Now Zealand, 147 miles; South Australia, 133 milos; Ocjilon, 82 miles ; Oapo Colonios, 07 miles ; Mauritius , 66 miles; Tasmania, 46 miles ; Jamaica, 27 j milos;" De&orara;, SO miles ; total, 27.5G4 milos. Of those tho Australian colonios havo 1449 miles. AMF.sde HONORABLE.-One or two "little pistol affairs" which havo just ocourrod aro re ported from America. On tho 22nd ult. Dr. Benjamin It;, aotnary of the Grangers Lifo and Health Imraranoe Company, mot Oolonol Tardy, tho insuranoe agent, of Mobile, I Ala bama, in mortal combat. The quarrel arose in consequonoe of a lettor written bj| Celonel Tardy "in a prominent Northern insurance journal," making some comments of an un £ feasant nature on the oompony with which Ir. Lay is connected. Colonel Tardy having admitted the authorship of this letter. Dr, Lay slapped liis face, and a duel was tho tetnlb fho combatants fought at ten paces. At the word to flro was given a short report was heard. Tardy'a pistol dropped from his hand. Ho clasped Lis breast convulsively, and foil a oorpse. Dr. Lay was met on Government-street, Mobile, about an hour later by a gentleman, who, not knowing that that the duel had been fousht, playfully askod him " whom ho was going to shoot Bursting into tears, tho doctor, with muoh good fooling, oxolnlmed, "Mr Goi!! don't ask me anything abont it." Another pistol affair ocourrod at Jefferson, Novada, on Sunday night, the 6th ult., between a man named H'Donald and a man known in the locality as "Toxas." The two wero spending a quiet Sabbath evening engaged it. a game of "poker." Texas "won tho pot fairly and squaroly." M'Donald did not like loosing hu money, and, slipping two cards into the pack, claimed a foul. This led to an alter cation, in the course of whioh M'Donald at tempted to choke Toxas. Texas said that he was not prepared to fight,.and M'Donald told him to co and " heel" himself. Toxas accord ingly "hooled" himself with a navy revolver and came. M'Donald find two Bhots at him before he was ready, but missed. Tho firing then booame so lively that those not dirootly interested god behind the bar or out in the street. F nally M'Donald reoeivod a bullet in his head and fell. Toxas then stopped up to him and shot him twioe again. When | M'Donald was takon up dead, Texas, pen sively regarding tho corpse and unable to repress his emotion, remarked, " Beys, I hated to do this, but I had to."-Pall Mall Otaclte. MARA VILLA COCOA.-TAYLOR BROTHERS tbo largost ManitfsoturorosofCocoaiu Kurope, having tho exclusive supply of this unrivalled tioena, invite comparison with any olhat Cocoa for Purity-fine Aroma-Sanative, Nutritive and Sustaining Power-Easiuessof Digestion and especially, high delicious flavour. One trial willestabh'shitasafavorite Baveragofor break fast, luncheon, and, and a Soothing Refresh ment nftor a late evening. N,]i, Caution " MARAVILI.A" is a registered Trade Mark. MARAV1LLA COUOA.-Tho Otobe Bays, " TaylorUrolhors'Matavilla Coooahas achieved a thorough success, and supersedes every othor Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a deli cate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest clomouts of nulritiou, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others, for Invalids and DyBpqptios.wo could not recomjnohd a more agroenhloor valuable beverage." For further favorable opinions vido Standard, Morning Poet Lritish Medical Journal, «fcc., «fcc. HOMCEOl'ATllfC COCOA-This original preparation, whioh has attained such a world wide reputation, is manufactured by TAYLOR BROTHERS under t)ioablost homaoopathic advice aided by the skill and experienecof tbo invon tors, andwillle found tocombino in an eminnnt degreotho purity,fino aroma,and nutritiouspro porty of the fresh nut. SOLUBLE CHOCOLATE, made (noneminute without boiling. The above articlos are pro pared exclusively bjr Taylor Brothers, the lar gest manufacturers in Europe, and sold in tin liaod packets only, by Storekeepers and others all ovor tho world, ntoain Mills, Brick Lano, London. Export Chicory Mills, Brugos, Bel gium. 334 Hoilowav'S PILi.il-Ohinges of tempera tore and weather frequently uiiBot persons who are most oarcful of their health, and ]iar tioular in their diot. Those oorroctive purify ing, and gontle poriont l'ills ttro the best re medy for all dofoctive action of the digestivo organs: thoy augment tlio appotito, strongthon tho stomaoh, correot billiousnuss, and carries off all that is noxious from the system. IIol lowuy's Pills are composed of raro balsamB, unmixod with baser, and on that account are prouliarly well adantod for the young, dolioato, and aged. As this peorlosa medicine has gained famo in tho put, so will it pros?rve it in tbo future, by its renovating and invigora ting qualiiiop, and tho impossibility ol its doing norm. IT has been said by an ominont Medical Prac titioner iuNuw Orleans, "giveme a supply of tho .. W ward OIL" and " MAaic Pii.ls and I will go through the world and eurc all the dis eases the human subjoot is heir to," bo this as it may, it ts anindisputablo fact, Hint many won derful ourcs havo ueon olToclcd by those justly celebrated medicines. For Iloadaclin, whether sick or nervous; Rheumatism, Lumbago, I'ains and Weakness in the Back, Spino, or Kidnoys, Pains (.round the Liver, Pleurisy, Swellings of tho Joints, Pains intlie Bowels, and for all Nor vous and Inflammatory aches and pains, WES TON'S Wit ADD On. will afford immediate ease ; a>ud its continued uso for a few days, will ofloct pcrfeot cure, 333 