OUR HOME LETTER. [From our own Correspondent.! liondon. .November 4# I A new steamer, the Sfc, veyta, wluoh proceeds i to-f'tty from Plymouth direct for Melbourne, has furnished opportunity for a supplementary mail, which I trust will be delivered in Adelaide con siderably in advance of the next regular dispatch ' ' via Brindiai, There is only five days' newB to add to the budget which I closed on the 30th October, hut for the dull season they have been rather- busy days. The movements in upper ——fckcles have been of specialinterest. The Prince and Princess of Wales arrived from the Conti nent at the close of last week, and after a few days' rest they started to-day for the Midlands to combine some cover 1 shooting at Lord Aylesford'e with a visit ♦ to democratic Birmingham. They started on Monday afternoon from Euston Station for Packington Hall, which is not far from the hard _ware metropolis. The royal train stopped at Hampton-in-Alden in the deepening twilight, but Hampton-in-Alden was not deterred by the dusky prospect from making itself as loyally pic turesque as possible. The wayside station at which Lord Aylesford received his guests was carpeted and decorated in the most arcadian style. But there was no delay for admiring evergreens. When the carriages and drags had received their assigned occupants the pro cession drove smartly through the village to Packington Hall, where the Earl's retainers had Erepared a welcome after the good old style of aronial hospitality. Prom the Stone Lin up the long avenue to the Hall, the autumn foliage was interwoven with streams of light. As the Prince and Princess were ushered into the old H all music played them welcome. At night the lights in the park were Bhown in full glare, and fireworks from the Crystal Palace pyrotechnist amused the rustic crowd no less than the dis tinguished guests who were to share his lord ship's hospitality with the Heir Apparent. THE VISIT TO BIRMINGHAM I can only speak of in anticipation, details Bot being yet to band; but it was a magnificent' success, and the Republican Mayor, Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, has for once earned the approval of his Conservative fellow-citizens, though at a j decided sacrifice of popularity among his more | Radical supporters. Speaking of the decorative arrangements, one jocose Special writes:—" The manufacturing capital that is so eminently utili tarian, that will supply anything, from a bronze idol for Japan to matchlocks labelled for rebel lious savages; that will undertake to furnish Ring Coffee with a new umbrella, or the Ring of Fiji with a uew war- club, has grown unselfish and aesthetic; Birminghan, the cold, stern, and grim, has waxed warm, cordial, and kindly. . . i In the principal thoroughfares by which _ the procession will pass uniformity has been arrived j at in the ornamentation. At regular intervals have been erected Venetian masts, that is to say, tall poles in imitation of those on the famed 1 Piazza of St. Mark, and from those poles brilliant banners are suspended vertically. In | addition the masts are connected by strings of pennons, the size of those borne by Lancers, of two colours, most artistically varied, so that a ■ continuous undulation of rainbow tints is pro duced. Some of these are bright with gilding. Seme are painted blue, and some are covered with cloth. New-street, Bennett's Hill, Ann street, and Colmore- row strike me as carrying away the palm for richness and elegance of adornment; and amongst the establishments which are peculiarly prominent in this line_ of road are the Midland Bank and the Union Club." . i Mr. Chamberlain, the Mayor, entertained His Royal Highness in a style worthy of Guildhall. His Radical friends were for the most part con siderate towards him, and frankly admired the tact and ability with which he discharged the duty of representing his fellow-citizens under peculiar circumstances. They had to remember that this was only the third visit Birmingham : had received during the present reign. The Odgerite section of them were not so forbearing; but their vituperation did no harm. On Satur day night they convoked a meeting opposite the | Town Hall, and from the body of a van their erators denounced ad libitum the objectionable waste of money, public and private, that was going on for the gratification of mere fiunkeyism. But the Mayor had placed himself { personally beyond their reach by assuming on himself all the financial responsibility of his pro ceedings. He may not get so much credit for ; generosity as a five-bottle rubicund Alderman i r who swears by Church and State might have earned in his place; but still he will have done his duty like an Englishman, and yet maintained his consistency as an advanced democrat. I pre sume His Royal Highness will not perpetuate the practical joke of having a Knighthood offered to him. There would be a keen satire in such a recognition of Mr. Chamberlain's libe rality, but his royal guest will see that he is of other stuff than the provincial Mayors who adore gold chains and titles. THE DUKE AMD DUCHESS OF EDINBUEGH will shortly make another attempt to get to their little country seat at Eaetwell Park. It has been notified to the Local Board at Ashford that their Rnyai H^nucsses intend to go down as soon as the Duchess can bear the journey, which her physicians say will be some day after the 12th inst. The notice adds that they will have much pleasure in being welcomed exactly as they would have been on the 13th of October had they not been compelled to postpone the journey. Ashford is doing its best to furbish up its decorations again, but not without a grumble at the expense it uselessly incurred a month ago. The Duke and his brother-in-law visit Bastwell Park this week to see that the domestic arrangements for Her Imperial Highness and the baby are all in proper order. The Empress of Russia is living very quietly at Buckingham Palace, and goes out shopping of an afternoon like any native duchess brought up from her childhood to appre ciate the convenience of being able to kill time in Regent-street or New Bond-street. The_ pro longed stay of the Queen at Balmoral is re marked upon in various ways: in the first place, as not being excessively courteous to a distin guished guest; and, in the second, as indicating that the precedency disputes in the royal family did not leave the best of blood behind them. Several provincial journals have spoken their minds about royal inhospitality, and one has published a rumour that though the Empress and part of her suitehave apartments at Backing ham Palace, they pay all their own expenses. It is a fact that some of the suite are accom modated at the Russian Embassy. THESE REFLECTIONS ON ROYALTY have been indirectly countenanced by the Morning Post, which, on the morning of the Prince of Wales' return from the Continent, published a leader reminding him:—" There is at present in England a lady to whom it behoves us to show the utmost respect. The mother of our newly-acquired Princess has claims upon us even greater than those of the wife of a mighty Sovereign. It is to be hoped that the arrange ments of the Prince and Princess of Wales may enable them to fulfil that part which the Queen is unfortunately prevented from undertaking. Circumstances are such that little is required; but that is all the more reason why that little should not be neglected," What may be regarded as an echo from one of the West-End Clubs finds utterance in the Northern Whig to this effect:—"Can it be seriously intended that the Empress of Russia should be allowed to leave the British shores without the slightest personal attention on the part of the Queen, and that even the Btay at Balmoral will not be in any way shortened out .. _ of courtesy to the Empress, a delicate woman, who has come all across Europe to attend her daughter in her confinement? We cannot of course answer this question. But really our gracious Sovereign appears now to do so many ungracious things that this utter want of hospitality and etiquette, to say nothing of family obligations, is not impossible nor even improbable. All that can be said is that, if Queen Victoria should not trouble herself to go to London to meet the Empress of Russia, she would be acting as no other sovereign in the world would act towards her, and that indeed if such conduct in any other sovereign were probable, it would be thought most unroyal, and even insulting. It would be considered rude in one private person to another under the circumstances, but it would be very much more in a great Queen to a great Empress, whose daughter her second son had married, and who was here simply to perform a maternal duty like the humblest of the subjects of Russia or of Great Britain." These disloyal observa tions could be multiplied at will, but remem bering that South Australians are a super loyal people I forbear. The Court is about to quit its j Highland retreat at last. THE NEW LORD MAYOR was yesterday presented to the Lord Chancellor, who, in Her Majesty's name, has to ratify the choice of the citizens. It was a pleasant duty for Lord Cairns—Mr. Alderman Stone being not only a brother Conservative but a brother lawyer. The custom is for the City Recorder and the Lord Mayor elect, accompanied by the principal officers and members of the Corpora tion, to repair to the Lord Chancellor's residence about a week before the public visit to /West minster. This year the Recorder's duty had to be performed by the Common "Sergeant, Mr. Thomas Chambers, who neatly summarised the biography of the new Chief Magistrate, com mencing with an ancestry about 300 years old. According to this official eloge Mr. Alderman Stone comes of a Sussex family having large estates at Framfield. " He was ' educated at St. Olave's Grammar School, in Southwark, under the eminent scholar, Dr. Lempriera. At the usual age, being destined to the profession of the law, ne was articled to Mr. Devey, of Ely-place, and after pasting the ' usual examination was admitted a solicitor and attorney in 1839. He continued in active practice until 1864, when finding himself in the possession of an ample fortune and with a dis position to enter the duties ot public life, which his tastes and abilities well qualified him to undertake, he retired from the profession. In that year he was elected, on the retirement of Mr. Alderman Conder, alderman for the Ward of Bassishaw, and in 1867 he served the Office of Sheriff of London in conjunction with Mr. Alderman McAxthur, M.P., a year memorable for the Fenian outbreak. Mr. Stone, when he entered the Court of Aldermen, had already aquired large experience of public life. In 1840 and 1841 he was Under-Sheriff to Mr. Alder man Farncombe. In 1850 he acted as Hono rary Private Secretary to the ' same gentleman when he was Lord Mayor, and in that capacity arranged the banquet given at the Mansion House to the Mayors of the United. Kingdom, at which the late Prince Con sort was a guest. In 1855 he was again Under. Sheriff—this time to Mr. Alderman Kennedy. In addition to these services, the Lord Mayor Elect has discharged important municipal func tions. For ten years he has been Chairman of the Police Committee, and for several years has been one of the representatives of the Corpora tion at the Metropolitan Board of Works. Nor does this enumeration exhaust the list of his public engagements. As a member of four livery Companies—the Spectaclemakers, the Haberdashers, Tallowchaudlers, and the Coopers —of the first three of which he has served the office of Master, and of the last of which he is now serving that office—he has had a large range of public duly, and more especially in connection with the Haberdashers' Company, has given great attention to their important educational and charitable institutions, and is now Chairman of the Board of Management for ! the erection of two large schools at Hoxton and Hatcham." The Lord Chancellor dwelt with professional satisfaction on the prospect of having a legal Magistrate at the head of the city. He properly adverted to the many important prosecutions which have lately been initiated at the Mansion House—some of which are still pending.^ The administration of justice in criminal cases in the city was, said His Lordship, a subject of great and increasing anxiety. But there were still more important subjects looming in the distance. The cry has been once more raised of A NEW METROPOLITAN GO VEHEMENT, and this time it will make itself heard in Parlia ment. ' Lord Eloho and a host of like-minded zealots have taken up the question and given the Government fair warning of their intention to prosecute it systematically. They waited on Mr. Cross at the Home Office last week and presented him with a memorial disclosing the main pro visions of their measure, which will _ be brought on as early as possible next session. Though Mr. Cross was cautious enough, there are persons in the confidence of the Government who anticipate that Lord Elcho's Bill will either be adopted officially or a substitute provided for it. In bis complimentary address to the Lord Mayor elect the Lord Chancellor touched on the impending controversy. He was even hopeful ia his allusions to it. "Just as I believe," he said, " that any wise, liberal, and well-con sidered scheme for improving the local govern ment of the metropolis wul be met by the Corporation of London in no illiberal or selfish spirit, so I trust that the consideration' of any such scheme will be approached by the Legis lature with a deep sense of its magnitude and the difficulty of the danger of a false step, or adopting any crude and hasty measure; and, above all, with an accurate appreciation of the precise objects which it is desired to accomplish, and of what are the precise evils which it is necessary to avoid." AN ANTI-TTNDALL PASTORAL. Cardinal Cullen and the Irish Catholic hier archy have been having what in the vulgar tongue is characterized as a " regular swear." It was issued on Sunday in the shape of a pas toral, in which the Bishops took the opportunity of paying off all the enemies of the Church in consecutive order. Dr. Tyndall and his friend Huxley—who as a matter of fact never opened his mouth at Belfast on the atomic theory—are made the forefront of the assault. The two polemical savans are virtually charged with having gone over to Belfast purposely to insult the Boman Catholic faith. Accordingly they have the decrees of the Vatican Council and the constitution of the Catholic faith shaken in their faceasaspiritualdefiance. Their own countryman Dr. Newman—happily for the Irish Bishops now on ! their own side—is quoted at great length against them, especially his celebrated address as Hector of the new Catholic University in Dublin—where orthodox professors are so scarce that thi Bishops had to pat a last year's student into the not unimportant chair of physiology. The changes aro rung in vigorous language agaiaarfc ' Materialism. It is admitted to have discovered some fresh arguments in the scientific investiga tions or tne past three hundred years, but substantially it remains the same as it was originally in the " inanities ot Democritus." The theories of natural selection hereditary trans mission, and other favourites of the hour, are but revivals of ancient Paganism, made more attractive to weak minds:— "In fact, the Materialism of to-day asserts itself as the direct creation of science. It boldly asserts—and m this bold assertion lies its power over weak minds—that science, spurred on by the impulse of determining the sources of natural phenomena, has succeeded, after infinite research, in constructing a theory of the universe—a cosmegony of its own—and that of the cosmogony thus formed Materialism is the latest expression. It even pushes itself to the front as the mouthpiece of science. As such it claims that all religious theories, schemes, and systems which embrace motions of cos mogony, or which otherwise reachinto the domain of science, must, in so far as they do this, submit to the control of science, and relinquish all thougthof controlling it. As regards physical science in its stricter acceptation, it can lend no strength to Materialistic theories, for this reason, viz., that it is net its province to construct theories of- cosmogony, but to investigate facts. And, as to physical science in its second and looser signification before alluded to, it is plain that the amount of strength it is able to impart to Materialism must depend upon the closeness of the reasoning by which Materialists deduce their thories from the facte its supplies." THE RELATIONS OF THE CHURCH TO SCIENCE are expounded in a manner to make all previous commentators on the Syllabus and the Vatican Decrees blush for their stupidity. Boman Catholics are called upon to be thankful that an insurmountable barrier has been raised to guard them from the sceptical approaches of science:— "It can no longer happen that weak-minded Catholics, deafened by the continual cry that the Church would strangle scienoe, should experience uneasiness on this account. The Church itself, in the Vatican Council, has put an end for ever to such assertions, and to the half doubts they have helped to sow. For in the Constitution ' De Fide Catholica' she sets forth her entire conception of the justpositionof science in the world of truth. In language of exquisite simplicity she declares—First, her own estimate of science itself and of its achievements ; next, she prescribes the method which each science is te fellow, and traces the limits beyond which it ought not to wander; then she contemplates the supposed case ef conflict between faith and reason, to declare that real conflict is impos sible ; and finally, lays down rules by which, in cases of apparent conflict, the embarrassment may be removed and the truth protected. She delivers her judgment as to the methods and limits of the sciences. And here the outcry daily raised by her enemies would lead us to expect that her whole aim would be to enslave and crush her hated rivals by imposing her own method on each, and with a high hand fixing arbitrary limits for all. .But it is not so, 'She forbids not that the sciences, each in its own range should employ its proper principles and its proper method.' And this freedom to investigate on the basis, and according to the peculiarities of each science— which includes all that the princes of human learning- have ever demanded—the Catholic Church declares to be the just liberty of science. She lays down rules by which any apparent col lision between them may be explained. This golden constitution may well be styled the charter of Catholic science, since it secures for ever the rights of faith intact, while it guarantees the liberty of science." MTTKT) education | is, next to Materialism, the national danger I against which Ireland has to bestir itself. At the close of their pastoral the Cullemtes repudiate all connection whatever, either in schools or Universities, with Protestant science. There can be no truce with any person or party who does not bend his neck to the Vatican decrees. Beeent events are used as a bogie " to convince of their error those well-meaning men who are reluctant to believe that the chairs of science in Ireland are ever converted into pulpits whence infidelity and irreligion are disseminated. They cannot fail to open the eyes, of all to the dangers that beset faith in systems of education, whether .university or primary, which are based on the principle of the exclusion of religion. And here it will not be amiss, in connection with the Irish National system of education, to call attention to the fact that the Materialists of to day are able to boast that the doctrines which have brought most odium upon their school have 1 been openly taught by a high Protestant digni , tary,(the late Archbishop Whaleley), who ihad^i the chief part in the preparation of the books j that were to form the mlna of the rising genera tion in Irish National Schools, and whose work { on the * Evidences of Christianity* was in use in these schools, and would probably stall bes but for the resistance of. the Catholic Bishops in '■ Ireland. After such revelations as these jwho will not feel the necessity of saving Irish Catholics from'the dreadful choice-alluded to above between the 'leap of the torrent and the ctiilneas of the swamp,' by maintaining for them in the Catholic University and in Catholic schools a living fountain of Christian education." The pastoral concludes with smaller volleys of execration, fired at the German Empire, the English Freemasons, the Brazilian Government, which has lately taken to imprisoning Bishops, and the much-abused Italians. This promiscuous cursing is not honoured with much attention nowadays on the English side of the Channel. The practice of issuing them- keeps up a denunciatory art of rhetoric, which otherwise would die out, for it has no parallel out of Cardinal Cullen's diocese. _ Father- O'Keefe was almost as expert ih using it as the Car dinal. the candahar ass kingsbridge. An official enquiry was held yesterday at Greenwich Police Court into the circumstances under which the Candahar, a Melbourne bound ship, ran down the Kingsbridge, bound for Sydney. You had the details of the casualty by last mail, and doubtless it has made a durable impression on the Insurance Companies of both cities. Both were iron ships on the Liverpool register, and similar in tonnage—one 1,418, and the other 1,497 tons. The Candahar, running down straight on the Kingsbridge, _struck her on the after part of the_ port mainrigging, and cut her through, crushing in at the same time her own stern, so that but for her forward bulk* head she too would have instantly gone down. The captain, with Ms wife and daughter and eight of the crew, sank in the Eingshridge. Shortly after getting to Falmouth the captain of the Candahar was seized with paralysis, and thus the Court of Enquiry was deprived of two most important witnesses. The surviving officers and men of the Eingshridge succeeded, however, in defending the conduct of their unfortunate vessel, and the verdict of the Court went strongly against the Candahar. It was as follows:— " The Court, having carefully investigated the evidence given on both rides, has come to the conclusion that the collision in this case arose from the want of a sufficient look-out on the part of the Candahar. The Candahar was at the rime close-hauled on the port tack, with the lizard light clearly risible some 14 miles broad on the lee starboard bow. The Kingsbridge was at the moment, reaching to the S.E., close hauled likewise, but on the starboard tack. On these points the evidence is clear, and no conflict of opinion exists. Respecting both ships' lights the Court is opinion that they were properly placed, lit, and burning well. The cause of the collision the Court almost entirely attributes to the unpardonable deficiency of look-out on the part of the Candahar, which, being on the port j or yielding tack, should have taken every pre- | caution on a dark night, and especially in the | vicinity of the Lizard, where vessels must have I been expected to have been met. This essential precaution Mr. Nelson, the officer of the watch, signally failed to observe; he neither strengthened his look-out nor looked-out himself, nor directed Ms junior officer to do so, although that officer bad just previously been entrusted with the charge of the ship, and held a certificate of competency as second officer. The failure of ordinary caution led mainly, in the opinion of the Court, to the terrible disaster. The Court cannot accept the theory of Mr. Nelson, that the cause of collision arose either from the lights of the Kingsbridge not having been in their place, or from their being obscured by her own sails, but unhesitatingly attribute it to the cause above mentioned. They therefore consider Mr' Nelson, the chief officer of the Candahar, guilty of a default, and adjudge that his certificate be suspended for twelve calendar months from tMs date. The conduct of the lookoutman, Charles Wm. Sand, A.B., cannot be too strongly con demned. Bis only explanation was that the Kingsbridge steamer shewed no light until riie was quite close; but even on this supposition his explanation is inexcusable, as his own crow stated that sMps without lights might have been seen that evening at a distance of half a mile, whilst at the moment of his report it is clear that only a few yards intervened between the sMp and the Kingsbridge. The. Court regret that they have no power of dealing with such unaccountable culpability. Respecting the Kingsbridge, although on the starboard tack, the Court cannot wholly exculpate her from all blame. Bad her cMef officer, Mr. Maodonald, used either blue lights or rockets, both of wMch were at hand, either when he considered the collision possible, or subsequently, when he deemed it inevitable, the attention of some one on board the Candahar might have been doubt lessly attracted, and the results in all probability have been averted." It was stated at tae time of the collision that the Kingsbridge and her cargo were estimated at £30,000, and the adjustment of the loss under such a verdict as the nautical assessors gave at Greenwich will not be the simplest matter in the world. The Candahar, which is now at Fal mouth, will in all probability become the victim of an Admiralty suit. CLOSE OP THE INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITION. The friends of the colony who dissuaded you from having anything to do with the proposed Australian Court are now amply justified of their counsel. You are about to have a Colonial Court provided at South Kensington—if not free of expense, certainly on much easier terms than you could have obtained last year. Soon after the opening of the 1874 Exhibition the Commis sioners discovered that there was no hope of carrying out their original programme of a decennial series without facing the prospect of an annual and it might be heavy debt. Their lordships ate the leek, and gave notice that after the current season a decennial project would be abandoned. The public were not horrified at such a threat; the attendance at South Ken sington continued to diminish away, until in the autumn months the shillings taken at the door had hardly paid the men's wages. About a month or six weeks ago the admis sion was lowered to 3d., and from that to a plebeian penny. The penny seemed to be a fair gauge of the popular estimation of the show, for a good many thousands paid it daily. The doors were closed last Saturday afternoon, and now the Commissioners are preparing us for a fresh programme, wMch is to be commenced forth with. The immense quadrangle has been distri buted among various youthful institutions more or less directly connected with the ExMbition. The National Training School for music, which enjoys the patronage of the Duke of Edinburgh, is erecting a palatial residence for itself close to the Albert Ball. Mr. Bnckmaster's National Training School for Cooking will be promoted from its dingy little lecture-room to a suite of scientific kitchens. The Belgian annexe, wMchhas been purchased from that Govern ment, is leased at a nominal rent to the School of Art Needlework, whose zealous promoter is Princess Christian. These institutions, how ever, fill up only the odd corners of the great galleries and annexes. For the main buildings more important tenants have been found. The western galleries, flanking Prince Albert's-road, have been taken by Patent Commissioners for a patent museum, and they will thus redeem themselves from the reproach of burying instead of displaying the treasures of ingenuity wMch sanguine inventors have committal to their care. The corresponding galleries on the eastern ride, fronting ExMbition-road, have been leased for three years to the India Office for its India museum, which will accordingly be brought down from the inaccessible garret in Charles- street. The galaxy of attractions is to crowned by A COLONIAL MUSEUM, wMch is to be located in the French Annexe— by far the most picturesque of all the buildings. The responsibility of this project has been undertaken by the Colonial Office, in consulta tion, I presume, with the various Agents General. But the main feature of the new arrangement as distinguished from the crude scheme of last year for an Australian Court, is that it will be under a central jurisdiction here, thereby excluding the former danger of colonial squabbling and disagreement. The Colonial Office itself has much to disgorge from its cellars and anterooms. These musty treasures when properly arranged will afford a striking illustration of early colonial history. When they have been set forth and made familiar to the British public it will be time enough for the colonies to complete the illustration from the storehouse of their modern wealth. There has been no formal announcement made to the public respecting the new scheme, wMch will probably not be matured till next spring. These hints I have obtained from a private source, but no doubt correspon dence on the subject is proceeding between Lord Carnarvon and the Colonial Governments. It may be assumed that the shilling admission system is abandoned entirely. Either the new Museums will be absolutely free on certain days of the week, like the South Kensington Museum opposite, or the payment at the door will be very trifling. There is a decided move ment just now among the household suffrage community for obtaining the aboli tion of all fees at the doors of public institutions. _ The crusade is specially directed against shilling fees at the Tower, which are evidently doomed to be suspended on certain days, if not abolished altogether. The Dean ana Chapter of St. Paul's are on the same prin ciples being urged to follow the example set thorns . , ... , . . perquirites.* Next «nnmffl"*8'B4y expdJfc to see the Exhibition Buildings opened free, at least so many times a week. If so the inew arrangement will be very important for. the colonies, and some of them who are more Wide; awake than their neighbours will Speedily 1186 the opportunity for advertising themselves to . England in general and the emigrating class in. particular. * THE FOREIGN WINES AT BOOTH KENSINGTON. There is some hope after all of an official report en the wine exhibits at South Kensing ton. It is announced that the Committee of the Department held a general meeting some days ago to take steps in this direction. There were present—Lord Methuen (in the chair), Dr. Birdwood, Lieut. H. H. Cole, R.E., Mr. J. Corlett, Mr. H. M. Camming, Mr. R. Gray, Mr. C. Ii. de Lac, Mr. H. Matthiessen, Mr. H. - Goodenoogh Smith, Captain the Hon. R. Talbot, and Mr. E. Venning, with Mr. Le Neve Foster (Secretary). The Committee divided itself into three Sub-Committees,, which will deal respec tively with (A) Spanish wines, (B)_ Portuguese wines, (C) Australian and other wines. These ; Sub-Committees are new meeting from day to ; day, in order to cany on the necessary enquiries. ■ Commercially South Australian wines • are : making themselves favourably known. It is a good sign when a new article can afford to advertise itself thoroughly, and that may now be said for Australian-wines generally. Not only do the regular importers spend money freely in keeping them before thejmblie, but some of the wholesale merchants now give them a. place in their catalogues. Kinloch & Co., of Catalan celebrity, have discovered that a good word may be said for Australian produce without dis paragement to their respectability as purveyors of the John Bull beverages known as port and sherry. Gilby & Co., who are wine caterers for the million, find it answers to buy up Australian in bond and bottle it. Should the International Exhibition Commissioners make a favourable report, as doubtless they will, widespread pub licity here should be at once secured for it. [LORD EOMTLLY'S RECENT DECISIONS in the European Assurance Arbitration are as little appreciated by the profession as by those who have to suffer the hard consequences of them. From business men there has been a sharp protest against his reopening questions which his predecessor had virtually settled, and which his own successor—for he is not unlikely to need one should he insist on doing all the work of the arbitration twice over—may again reverse. On the important question of "nova tion," as it affects insurance policies, we have now received in the course of the Albert and European arbitrations tbree decisions, no one of which can claim the rank of an emphatic precedent. A city journal, after recalling that Lord Romilly long ago announced his determination not to be guided by his predecessor's decisions, admits that he "has .thus some excuse for reopening the eases decided by Lord Westbury. But this only brings to light the great mischief done, first by Lord Westbury himself in not following the authority of liord Cairns on the subject of novation, and then by Lord Romilly in setting aside Lord Westbury's authority in the same arbitration. The result of appointing arbitra tors has thus clearly been to unsettle the law, while there has also been a failure, as far as the European Company is concerned, in the primary object of having an arbitration at all, viz., to secure a quick decision, and so avoid expense and delay to the suiters. For this last work the ordinary Law Courts were thought unsuited, though they ought not to he so, and therefore an arbitrator was appointed; but it may well be doubted now whether the Law Courts would not have managed as well in point of rapid settlement." Other journals attack his Lordship's decisions on legal grounds, especially that settling the position of the policy-holders of the Insolvent Professional Life Office. The immense lawsuit is evidently drifting out of Lord Romilly's depth. EMIGRATION TO NEW ZEALAND. It is fully six months since you were informed , that the New Zealand Government had invited an agent of the Agricultural I abourcrs' Onion to visit New Zealand and report upon its quali fications as an emigration field. Mr. Holloway was sent out, and has finished his work much to his own satisfaction and that of the enter prising people at Wellington. It is announced that since his return he has reported favourably respecting the colony as an emigration field, having thoroughly explored the five provinces of the Southern Island, and being afforded special facilities for obtaining authentic infor mation by the Government. He declares that considering its agricultural capabilities, mineral resources, fine climate, and present prosperity, no other colony offers equal advantages. The Premier, the Hon. Julius Vogel, intimated during a conference he had with Mr. Holloway, that important alterations were contemplated with respect to emigration. The report strongly recommends industrious agricultural labourers, domestic servants, and a few skilful mechanics to emigrate. You have no doubt made a note of the extract given you from the Times, the other day about the difficulty experienced by Mr. Gowling in obtaining recruits for you in Somersetshire. The same fact is demonstrated on a much larger scale by the latest returns of emigration, which not only exhibit a large diminution in the volume of departures, but reveal a new and un expected fact that a good many emigrants are returning. Last year the total emigration from British ports was 310,612, against 2)5,213 persons in 1872. But there is a counterpart of the case which has hitherto been overlooked, and that is the increasing number of immi grants into Great Britain. Four years ago the stream of immigration into this country was under 50,000 per annum. In 1872 it had in creased to about70,000, and last year it was 86,416. The real emigration from the Unite 1 Kingdom is represented by the great numbers of emi grants, less the number of immigrants. The net balance in 1872 was 225,000, and last year 224,000 ; so that even last year the decline in emigration from this country had actually com menced. It is proceeding now at a much more rapid pace, and the current year's returns, must inevitably show a great falling-off. The prin cipal diminution is in the emigrants to the United States, and precisely the same result is observed in Germany. EMIGRATION FROM AUSTRALIA TO ENGLAND is a contingency which may not have suggested itself even at the Hotel Europe, but it is being anticipated by great financial authorities cn this side. The Economist has for some time been throwing out remarkable hints about emigration. These have at last re solved themselves, into an avowed theory that the labour market is rapidly equalizing itself all over tbe globe, and that by degrees labourers may find they can do better in the old countries they have been so systematically abandoning than in the new to which they have rushed, until, in the case of America at least, they are temporarily overcrowded. A Bremen journal, commenting on the emigration from that port, states that in the nine months ending 30th September only 25,112 emigrants were entered out, as against nearly 50,000 in the corresponding nine months of 1873. The Economist admits that much of the decline may be due to the American crisis of last year; but that still leaves a good deal unaccounted for. "It should be noticed," it says, "that the return of emigrants was on a large scale even in 1872, so that the crisis can only have inten sified a condition of things which was beginning to exist without it. The change is in fact nothing more than what theory should lead us to expect. The enormous emigration which has taken place by raising the competition for labour in old countries diminishes the margin of advan tage which emigration offers even for the sort of labourers likely to be attracted to new countries, while old countries themselves, by the great accumulation of capital, and their adaptability for the residence of the rich, are constantly increasing the superior advantages which they offer to stilled labour as compared with new countries. The change, it is quite possible, may even go so far that the current of population will be turned from new to old countries. It remains to be seen, how ever, how long a period will elapse before the change is so evident as to be popularly appreciated," In order to enable us to follow the new move ment accurately more complete statistics are required, and a demand for them is being made on the Board of Trade. Like Board of Trade statistics generally, those of the Emigration Department do not command implicit con fidence. The Economist speaks out sirongly on this subject, declaring the entire data now available to be imperfect, "That nothing else will answer but the publica tion of a complete account, showing in detail the number of passengers by every vessel leaving the country and by every vessel returning to it, induing all passenger ships, great and small, between this country and the continent, as well as vessels on more distant voyages. The sta tistics to be worth anything must be exhtustive, and indicate precisely the data on wbiih they are based, which is not the case with the present report, so far as the question between immigra tion and emigration is concerned. After the experience of the last census, and such figures as those which are now before us, it becomes essential to ascertain in a thorough manner not only what the so-called emigration and immigration are, but what is the entire move ment of population between this country and foreign parte," We have a striking and un impeachable proof of the depression in the labour market in the reduced cost of the rail- ■ ■way working. Some of the great trunk lines bare carried 25 per cent, less traffic than in. 1873, and yet show better net returns. ; mil T!lifAll hiTR B13ilESCEi Wiirzburg telegrams^ describing the first day's proceedings at the trial of Kallmann, went out by-the regular mail on Friday night. The affair unexpectedly concluded on the second day, Kallmann having been sentenced to a year less than the maximum penalty prescribed by the code for attempted murder. The minimum punishment is three years, and the maximum fifteen. He Judges, taking into account per haps Kullmann's past incarceration, gave him fourteen years; but to this they added ten years' * subsequent supervision by the police and depri vation of civil rights. A State trial of the same importance would probably have lasted as many weeks. True, there was the recent case of the youth who held up an old- horse pistol. at. Her Majesty/ " It did not occupy much of the tame Iff the Central Criminal Court; but Kullmann's was a real attempt at assassuation,audparty controversy; was in full blaze respecting it, . An J&iglishman; having regard to the probable operation, of ^uch motiyes at the Did Bailey cannot but be.dstounded.ai the insignificant manifestion they made at Wurzburg. Though';.among those engaged in . the cake— Judges, counsel, -and Jury---therewere • several Roman Catholie8,-there was not a single appeal made to factious consideration. The counsel in their addresses introduced Prince Bismarck very sparingly; and in reprobating the assault upon mm Dr. Oerhardt, who defended the prisoner, used nearly the same language as the public prosecutor. The ordinary witnesses played a - much smaller r61e at the trial than they would have done, but the medical experts seemed to have been allowed to entertain the .Court with set speeches, analysing from their several stand points the mental peculiarities of the prisoner. The prosecution produced two distinguished psychologists to prove that Kullmann had been a perfectly responsible being both before and after the attempt. For the defence a plea of . partial insanity was set up, which would not be acknowledged in our English Court. Dr. vou Reinecker, of the Hurzburg University, and Dr. Hubrich, Director of a Lunatic Asylum at Werneck, were the two experts brought for ward for the defence. They deposed to defects of physical conformation, to moody tempera ment, and violent outbreaks of passion, as indi cating mental derangement. Their main argu ment for hereditary insanity from Kullmann's mother having been in a Lunatic Asylum was anticipated by the medical experts for the pro secution, who established that she had died sane. They both ultimately admitted sufficient sanity at the time of the assault to constitute legal responsibility. In fact, Dr. Hubrich virtually abandoned this main plea, and granted. ' that Kullmann might have struggled against his evil propensities. THE PRISONER'S CHARACTER showed itself best in his demeanour before the Court. He sat unmoved from first to last, and it mattered not to him what the witnesses said or what questions were put to himself. He was utterly impassive as a listener, and perfectly collected in all his answers when under examination. A great many shrewd people in Wurzburg grew at last suspicious of his coolness and of the rapidity with which the proceedings were woundup. It was bruited that the Prose cutor-General had much more evidence at his command than he chose to make use of. There may have been special suggestions made from Berlin that collateral issues, Catholic or other wise, should be carefully avoided. There was nothing said as to Kullmann's religious bias beyond the reading of extracts from sermons of the Ultramontane priest of Salzwedel and articles of Kullmann's favourite paper, the Germania. The public prosecutor pressed on the attention of the Jury that Kullmann by bis own confession had formed a deliberate design to assassinate the Chancellor—had systematically arranged its execution; and when all was ready had walked 160 miles to accomplish his purpose. Dr. Gerhardt, the prisoner's counsel, gave an incidental history of the Falck laws, finishing with a question to the Juiy. What could a lad like Kullmann, a poor journeyman cooper, know about such lawB? When the counsel had re torted upon each other several times, Kallmann, at the invitation of the Court, delivered a long rambling statement in accordance with the views of his medical friends, Reinecker and Hubrich. The Jury needed only five minutest consult on their verdict. ME. GLADSTONE AND THE ESTABLISHMENT, fig The irrepressible adherents of the Liberation Society, who did more than any other set of the liberal insubordinates to upset the late Premier, cannot convince themselves now that he has fallen that he will not accept their assistance In raising himself again. First Mr. Miall and his reiterated assaults on the principles of religious Establishment, then the Birmingham school with their obstinate advocacy of a secu . larism which personally they did not want, made liberal Government impos sible. But the Liberation movement cannot with a Tory majority in front of it be convinced how little chance it has of recovery for some years to come. Disestablishment is hastening upon us in its own way—thanks more to Ritualists than to political dissenters—but the dissenters will not wait till their game is played for them. They keep their eyes intently fixed on Mr. Gladstone, and try to find in every word he says about Church matters an omen that he is ripening into a state of mind for going forth with them again to battle. It was currently reported some time ago that he had expressed himself "not in favour of Establishments." A Liberal Association at Bedworthy seized on the questionable report, and forthwith sent him their congratulations, assuring him that "most gladly do we re-echo the sentiment you are reported to have expressed that you are ' not in favour of Establishments,' and other.portentoas words, all tending as your memorialists believe, to hasten the time when Christians of all denominations— severed from all State interference and control— shall vie with each other only in the promotion of godliness, virtue, and truth; these we submit, Hon. Sir, are the principles ruling the hearts of the vast majority of our countrymen; and we believe that laws ^>ased on securing to them a perfect religious equality, together with equal electoral abilities, will alone unite that great section of the liberal party, the Nonconfor mists, who we believe have at all times been found among the foremest of the advanced liberals, as well as second to none in their loyalty totheThrone." Mr. Gladstone curtly answered:— "Sir—I acknowledge with thanks and much respect the obliging address of your Association. I ought however to subjoin that I have not made use of the words in inverted commas which I learn from it that rumour ascribes to me.— Allow me to remain your very faithful servant, W. E. Gladstone." A NEW DEVELOPMENT OF RITUALISM. 0?i dit that Mr. Gladstone had undertaken to supply a second article on Ritualism to the December number of the Contemporary. In this he will reply to his critics, who have been legion; and there is a hope that he may also enlarge the scope of his confessions touching Ritualism by giving his opinions on the doctrinal bearings of the question. The most severe criticism bestowed on his original essay was that which accused him of altogether avoiding the symbolism of the Ritualists, which by their own admission is Roman Catholic . in tendency, some of it going a considerably long way toward Rome. Only last Sunday night there was a new aad flagrant innovation intro duced by Dr. Lee at All Saints, Lambeth—a Service for the Dead. It was distinctly avowed beforehand as such, the Vicar alleging that it was not contrary to the Act of Uniformity, which apparently he recognises as the only law binding on Churchmen. After sermon it is reported that a catafalque or temporary bier, covered with a purple pall, with a number of candles on the side and at the end, was placed in the centre of the chancel, the text, " Jesu, mercy,' being conspicuous on it. Dr. Lee then entered the pulpit, vested in purple cope, and gave a very brief address, in which he asked them to think of the faithful departed. He thought that those who dwelt in towns where churchyards were unknown were apt to forget altogether those who had gone before. Now, he wished them to join in a special service for them, which would not last a quarter of an hour, and which he con tended—thanks to the liberal spirit of the Act of Uniformity Amendment Bill—was perfectly legal. Dr. Lee, thee, supported by two boys holding large lighted candles, knelt in the chancel and said the Lord's Prayer, Psalms 116, 120, 121, 130, and 138, and between each the words, "Lord all-pitying Jesu blest; Grant them Thine eternal rest." Than there was a short pause, after which Dr. Lee said one of the sentences from the Burial Office, "I heard a voice," he. An antiphon was next recited by the precentor, following by the singing of the "Magnificat." One of the prayers from the Burial Office and "The grace of cur Lord," concluded the service, and as the clergy and choir retired " The Dead March in Saul" was played en the organ. MR. GRANT DUFF AND CASSANDRA. The Contemporary Review, which has lately attracted to itself ail the literary sensations of the day—from Mr. Gladstone's Ritualism to Governor Musgrave's critique on John Stuart Mill—had an article some time ago by Mr. W. R. Greg, one of tbe positivist orables of the Civil Service. You will observe bis minor disquisitions in the Pall Mall Gazelle occasionally over the initials " W. R. G.," but bis article was a sustained and jeremiad - about the inevitable decline of i England in the scale ofnations. It assigned i three cardinal reasons for the dolefulvaticina-. tion—political supremacy of the lower classes, industrial refaogresrion in comparison with other nations*, and the divorce ofthe nation * intelligence fromrel^ion. Cassandra's warnm_ were vehementiy diBCUfised, and for the moet part repudiated on their publication, bat Mr. Grant Doff, the oracle of the Elgin Burghs, thought there was a, good deal left for brm to say in reply, fie- accordingly lectured on " Cassandra'^the other night* before the Philosophical Society of Edinburgh. With respect to the political supremacy of the "resi duum," he declined .to consider it dangerous, unless the "residuum" combined to plunder their more fortunate brethren under form of law. As to. coal, the time was no doubt hastening upon us when cheap coal would be exhausted, and conseqaent on that Britain might cease to be the great workshop of the world. Still this result was so far distant that Mr. Grant D uff; eeoutsthe idea of its having any terrors for the present generation. ' For the other evfls pre. dieted, Mr. Doff prescribed as antidotes educa tion, wise government, mid patience. MR. SPURGEON AT CHARING CROSS THEATRE. A little correspondence has taken place between two metropolitan celebrities in slightly different lines of usefulness, which, however, does them common credit. Some time ago Miss Lydia Thompson and her " distinguished Ame rican burlesque troupe " undertook to sacrifice themselves for a season to the dulness of a London audience. They opened with Bine Beard, adapting it, by means of local allusions, to the metropolitan gods. For the purpose of making a bad pun Miss Thompson hands a card bearing Mr. Spurgeon's name is Blue Beard, remarking that " We always like to look upon the Surrey ride." The new Lord Chamberlain it seems isarery susceptible person, especially on what he considers religious matters. He hinted an objection to the management about this use of the popular preacher's name, but Miss Thompson, with Transatlantic frankness, appealed at once to headquarters. One morning Mr. Spuxgeon received from her the following note: — "Charing Cross Theatre. Rev. Sir—In the extravagance, Blue Beard, 1 now playing at this theatre, the hero (enacted by myself) gives a card beating your name-to Blue Beard, adding, 'We always like to look upon the Surrey side.' This announcement is invariably received wieh great applause; but, in deference to your position, I write to ask if you have any objection to the use of your name. If so I will withdraw it at once.—Yours respectfully, Lydia Thompson. Kev. C. H. Spurgeon." To this letter Miss Thompson duly received the following reply:—" Madam—Mr. Spurgeon duly received your courteous note, and would have replied but has been suffering from an attack of illness. Mr. Spurgeon desires me to say that you having the politeness to inform hi™ of the little incident, he is quite content to leave the matter in your hands, — Yours respectfully, Charles Blacks haw. Miss Lydia Thompson." Mr, Spurgeon, therefore, remains an attraction at Charing Cross, and is likely to be honoured with a special invitation to the next Dramatic Fund dinner. THE DRAMATIC SEASON, Our dramatic programme for the winter season is not very extensive, nor does it contain many novelties; but one can be merciful seeing it contains the names of a few of .your Australian favourites. Mr. J. S. Hall, the Australian pupil of Jefferson, has made a promising debut at St. James's, in an opera bouffe ascribed by its pro ducers to M. Lecocq, but indignantly re pudiated by the composer. Both parties are in the .right, for, M. Lecocq's the music un questionably is; that he never wrote it-for an opera bouffe, much less for the " Black Prince." When Mr. Fiske and Messrs. Cramer had made their explanations, it appeared that their playwright Mr. Farnie had taken a comedy by Latiehe and Delacour, which in its original shape would hardly pas the Lord Chamberlain's office, and constructed from it a libretto. To this the composer-in-ordinary at St. James's had adapted music from a collection of M. Lecocq's songs, of which Messrs. Cramer possess a stock of copyrights. Thus the "BlackPrince" was con cocted, and despite the sharp practice of using M. Lecocq's name in connection with the music, it has proved a success. Mr. Hall has one of the most effective characters in "the piece, and plays it with the verve and versatility familiar to the ancient temple of Solomon. He is thus pro nounced uponby a by no means gushing critic:— " Mr. John Hall, as Dr. Maresnest, of the Society of Antiquaries, is extremely amusing. He is, we believe, new to the London stage, bat as a clever low comedian, who rings and dances well, he is sure to make bis mark. His humour is unforced and genial, and he cever obtrudes himself beyond the character he so rifiy per sonates. As the learned antiquarian, suffering from a bad attack of Roman remains, he was inimitable. His address to the mutineers on board the Firefly, followed by his hornpipe, was burlesque in its highest and most legitimate form." A NEW HAMLET. After several years of unprecedented success in melodrama the Lyceum is about to cross the rubicon, and attempt a revival of legitimate acting. The Manager, Mr. Bateman, is an American, who before he acquired his present position lived in the reflected celebrity of his celebrated daughter, the Leah of ten years ago. With part of Leah's rapidly-earned fortune Mr. Bateman took the Lyceum, and brought out a second daughter who, though evidently lacking the histrionic genius of her sister, has made decided progress during her three seasons' of melodramas. The backbone of the Lyceum Company was Mr. Henry Irving, still a young actor, but already able to divide with Mr. Sothem the palm of popularity with a London audience. Critics have not yet given him their unqualified approval. His Matthias in the " Bells" was very generally con demned at first as an overstrained and unnatural display of overwrought passion. When be essayed a quieter and more artistic r61e is Charles L his make-up was commended as a perfect facsimile of the wronghesded and eventually headless King. In Eugene Aram he revived Matthias with a setting more familiar to English hearers. Speaking of him from very occasional study, I think him a stilted and decidedly self-conscious actor.- If you imagine the great tragedian Mr. James Anderson divested of hulk and with his heroic dignity transformed into an expression of perpetual martyrdom, you may gauge the dramatic rank of the new Hamlet as he presented himself at the Lyceum last Saturday night. The psychological theories of Hamlet have been as profoundly discussed at the antipodes as in London. When all is said we are reduced to two alternatives in our con ception of the character—either that he was a consummate embodiment of duplicity, or a feeble-minded, impulsive young man, for whom the Ghost's commission was too much,_ The latter supposition has the high authority of Goethe and Coleridge, to which must now be added the dramatic endorsement of Mr. Henry Irving. Goethe speaks of it as being clear to him "that Shakespeare's intention was to exhibit the effects of a great action imposed as a duty upon a mind too feeble for its accomplishment. In this sense I find the character consistent throughout. Here is an oak planted in a china vase, proper to receive only the most delicate flowers. The roots strike out, and the _ vessel flies to pieces. An impossibility is required at his hands; not an impossibility in itseif, but that which is so to him. _ A pure, noble, highly moral disposition, but without that energy of soul which constitutes the hero, sinks under a load which it can neither support nor resolve to abandon altogether. Observe how he shifts, turns, hesitates, advances, and recedes ; how he is continually reminded and reminding himself of his great commission, which he nevertheless, in the end, seems almost entirety to lose sight of, and this without ever recovering his former tranquillity." Mr. Irring's Hamlet is to use an Americanism laid dowa on these lines. The result is a_ hesi tating, vacillating, but withal well-intentioned youth, whose uncertainty of purpose sufficiently accounts for the frequency of the Ghost's visits. In the intervals Mr. Hamlet is apt to forget the solemn interviews forced upon him by his deceased parent. It is quiet refined acting that the new version aims at, and 1 presume that judging it by your recollections of poor Mont gomery you might thiuk it tame. The scene with Ophelia may be instanced as a part in which Mr. Irviiig specialty excels. 