METROPOLITAN GOSSIP. 1 ? ? U iii. Adelaide, December 16th, 1875. The metropolis is somewhat startled at th4 very extraordinary weather which this colony is experiencing ; that is to say, Young Ade laide evinces surprise at the moisture and cold which have attended us even to within ten days of Christmas, but Old Adelaide re collects a similar season, X' think, m the year 185 1» Whether I am right or not as to the particular year £ cannot forget ' that wet and cold weather prevailed with little inter mission until Christmas Day, when the sky shook off its clouds and the sun beamed forth with all the effulgence of which it is eapable even in South Australia. But its predecessor, Christmas Eve, had been just such a provobingly - dismal day as was last Saturday* In that large portion of the con» versation of Englishmen whioh is devoted *6 the weather) Adelaide gossip has made fre quent reference to you poor country people. vVe can readily' picture -to ourselves ripe grain beaten down by heavy although brief storms of rain, cut grain -repeatedly soaked with water before it can be carried, groups of idle farm hands visible in all directions, and an unlimited number of expensive but tempo rarily useless reaping machines. The inconveniences which we suffer here are not of so serions a nature. To sally forth deluded by a bright morning in white muslin or white ducks, and return home in the afternoon, not with the comfortable feel ing of waterfowl, but drenched with foul water, fay no means pleasant. I have named last Saturday a dark, dismal, watery day, worthy of an English November. I daresay you fared ladly enough at Oawler, but Murray-street would not possibly exhibit such pitiable spectacles as were prevalent in King William-street. All Adelaide was going out of town that day, because it was a double gala day at Glenelg, and a portion of it did go, but could not en arrival distinguish the Pier Hotel from the unbuilt Institute in con sequence of the blinding rain. Hundreds of people, like that King of France who ' marched up a hut with 20,000 men,' or like Sandy when he was detected in an apple orchard without a passport, hurried ' bock again.' They did not even leave the train, but at once returned under the influence of uncomfortable associations, which a draggled train would have agravated, and from which, individuals untrained in adversity cannot escape when disappointments occur. . Unfortunately Saturday was the day ap Sainted for manceuvreing off Glenelg the eet of yachts belonging to our two Clubs, and it was too aqeuous even for aquatics. Let the colony be proud then to know that the officers of our invincible fleet faced the rain with an amount of valor equal to that which could have been displayed under similar circumstances by- Nelson, Drake, Cornwallis, or Howe. Ot course they were suitably rewarded by acouiring most capa* cious appetites for the excellent spread pro vided for them by Commodore Elder. Jo read the after-dinner speeches makes every man possessing a soul larger than that! of a sparrow, long fora cutlass and a biue^efcet. They are redolent of the flavor of tar ana salt water* indicating that South Australia' is destined to become a great 'maritime power at some future day, '..'.. i The inclement «ky ,alsp threw cold water on the founding oftheGleneig Institute. Never. tuelesB the ^stoge, was ~ laid, and the buHd ing when erected will . upfc only .benefit/ resi dents of Glenelg hutiM^a greatly enhance the comfort of -visitors; -to' whom, the reading room will be a means of pleasantry, and pro fitably spendfeg a portion of their.: holiday. If the promoters -of the Institute go .wisely to work they -will in a -few -years render it-L. what ? the .Adelaide- Institute odgkt to have been long since. By the way, when will the (Grtenelg people adopt mean's to provide shade for the relief of summer visitors P At present there is not ev.en -a .gooseberry bush to suggest the idea of shade,, and strangers., can only seek it an a tavern or.-beneath the jetty'. * W^Jx?if^t^ir4^}S^MyM^^et oif: near]/ so, of amusements u»s W,^ex^ , ; ^phey have1 been '.-vjery abunda^i for months past, and, several new. ones are announced as forth coming. 5Dhe collection t-f:p4ippet», called the Marionettes, closed on Monday with an Over crowded room, which might have been, equally filled hai it been doable theiize. Notwithstanding the ingenuity of the toe chanism, and ; oleyer application' of Ten* triloqui&m; and Other aids/ tbe1 extreme btio tess of the exhibition is wouderftd. We might arrive at the conclusion that the Sbnth Australian pubtio relishes best an amasemeak W requires no expenditure of intellect, bad -t not been for the prolonged attention witb which night after night large audiences listened to Signora Sistori's dramu in Italian. If a man has a rein of poetry in his nature it is astonishing how- it will break out when least expected, like scarlatina or chicken-pock. The writer of an interesting article in the ^trarurpn the. prosaic subject ot the present exodua Of mal^f from^Chitt^ mad the consequent origin of t&ree; $Vew races of mankind, thus sMdenly explodet 'into the hyperbolical— '? The jnnltittide of isles, in the several Archipelagoes of the Pacific — r isles teamlnfr with blossoms and fruit, float- jsm ing liko baskets of flowers amidst the sunlit ^ waters of the .serene ocean — labyrinths of beauty., where the tides die away ia the colored shadows of the gorgeous woods and luminous mountain peaks,! and the jwaves seem to languish in the embrace of the lovely brides of the sea — isles of perennial summer^ ' Where the sun loves le pause With so fond a delay, That the night merely draws A thin veil o'er the day'— isles where Cybele still sits crowned ?amidst the luxuriant. 8olitade3—taefe gems of the . physical creation have scarcely . yet begun to yield their riches to civilised man kind. Where might not those. ' floating -baskets of flowers' have bprne the; writer had not those exigencies of his subject forced him back to Paganism and pigtails f* , It appears that some blockhead, enveloped in a sheet or shroud - or something of that sort, is playing ghost on ^orke's Peninsula- He is a fair target For anyone possessing a rifle. If he is immaterial, as he professes to be, he cannot be 'hit, and so long as the ball passes through the n bite object, whatever it may be, is quite an immaterial matter. When ' Spring-heel Jack' man yyears ago frightened women and children to fits on Chiswick Mall a few pistol balls, although not successfully aimed, sufficed to lay the spirit. The present ghost is a blunderer as Weil at a scamp, If ghosts inhabit Yorke's Peninsula they must be those of natives, and would, of coarse, be black instead of white, like their former pos* sessprs. XXX We have got our Post-Office clock at last and every man, woman, and child, within a mile of it, is kept continually aware of the fact night and day. "Time flies" is an anti quated truism, but we should be less aware of the fact if he made less clatter with his wings. Dr. Young says :— "We take no note of time, but from its loss To give it then a tongue, is wise in man." ^As far as the clock is concerned there is no need to give it a tongue for it has already a tremendously loud and not unmusical one of its own, which it keeps in almost continual exercise. When four sets of chimes have indicated the hour of 12, and 12 slow, em phatic, and sonorous booms have rippled away on all sides to the four terraces, it is almost time to begin chiming again in anti cipation of the hour at one. It is a clock which both day and night appeals to sight as well as hearing, for when daylight fails it considerately illuminates its four faces with gas. The Register states that hours after midnight these faces are given to "winking and blinking" at passengers, which, if true, is certainly very disreputable. That it is some what fast may be gathered from the fact that on its first trial when the expectations of citi zens were, like himself, wound up to the highest pitch, struck an hour in advance, which shows that the clock requires to be watched. It struck one instead of 12, an occurrence which put me in mind of the nursery ditty— Dickory, dickory, dock, Friend Todd has received his clock, But the clock struck one When it should'nt have done, Dickory, dickory, dock. ^This was a striking illustration of the fact that mere trifles cause important results ; a hook at the critical moment chose to hook it, and the hopes of poor Mr. Todd became for a moment " all my eye." Champagne followed, and the toast of " Success to the clock" was duly honored, that gentleman making a fitting apology for its conduct that morning. It is to be hoped that none of the visitors were unduly influenced by the cham pagne as no mention is made of such an inci dent in the newspaper reports, which merely observe that the sentiment was heartily drunk." That of course was no consequence, sentiment is known to do strange things at times, and although drunk on this occasion the circumstance did not even involve an appearance of Mr. Beddome or the payment of a crown piece. 