THE BOBBIE ON THE PRINCE'S BRIDGE. THAT bobbie on the Prince's Bridge, he has escaped too long, But now he'll be immortalised in this immortal song. I don't know what his name may be, nor do I care for that, But am free to lay the odds that bobbie is a Pat. Yes I am free to lay the odds he hails from Erin's Isle, Because I see the Celtic sowl in bobble's pritty smile. That bobbie on the Prince's Bridge regards all human kind As violaters of the law deserving to be fined ; And when he sees a " cabby" man go past without a lamp, He pounces down upon that man and takes him up, the scamp; He brings him up before the binch, and then he tells the beak "This man, your worship, had no light and give me awful cheek." That bobbie on the Prince's Bridge, he is a wicked man, Because he's always watching there to take up whom he can. The very sparrows round about are all afraid of bob, And if he could he'd catch them with a grain of salt, " be gob." The little fishes in the stream are half afraid to swim, And when they see that dreadful bob they dart away from him. The horses passing o'er the bridge, they know that bobbie too ; And when they see him, then they walk as guilty horses do ; They know if they began to trot while going o'er that place, He'd have them up " afore the binch for brakin' of the pace" And every dog that passes there ;ooks at that bobbie dark, And drops his tail as though he'd say—" Sir, I'm not game to bark." That bobbie on the Prince's Bridge, he never leaves his beat, Except to visit genial Jos, and take a brandy neat. And then he hurries back again, as lively as a midge, For fear some precious larrikin might "stale" the precious bridge.. And then he wanders up and down, this buck of Melbourne bucks, As " clane a boy as ever stepped on leather" or in " ducks." That bobbie on the Prince's Bridge is vigilant and keen, And ne'er indulges in a snooze, or takes a smoke, I ween ; For whensoe'er you chance to pass, though it be dead midnight, That watchful bobbie's restless eye is sure to meet your sight— And you can read this meaning there, " I wish you'd had a sup, Bekayse I'm most onaisy till I take some body up." The bobbie on the Prince's Bridge is faithful to his charge, And keeps his constant watch upon the river, bridge, and barge ; There's not a rat escapes his ken, there's cot a mouse that stirs, But bobbie can describe complete the color of their furs : But when some weary Jezebel across the coping leaps, 'Tis then and only at that time our watchful guardian sleeps. 0 I bobbie on the Prince's Bridge, why do they place you there, What is there in that blesssed spot of which you can take care ? Perhaps they fear the larrikins might gather there and rob The ever-flowing Yarra's banks o'er which you're gazing, " bob ;" Perhaps they think some member might set fire unto the stream— For members have the strangest ways of getting up the steam. 0 ! bobbie on the Prince's Bridge, have mercy on me, do, And ask your officers to find some other beat for you ; An awful tyrant there you live, and there perhaps may die, And after that come back again with baton and bull's eye : And this is what distracts me now and terrifies me most, Some lonely midnight I may be arrested by your ghost. 