The Storyteller. Miss Angel.* CHAPTER XXI. "MUSICIANS WAITING; ENTER SERVANTS." BY MISS THACKERAY. LADY W. had not spared thought and trouble to make her ball go off with all brilliancy of wax and fire, of minuet and country dance, of beauty dressed to best advantage, and music playing in time to dignified graces ; servants without number were standing about the doors display ing their masters' gold-braided ambitions and bright-colored liveries. De Horn's green Ihc qnes were conspicuous among them ; they carried wands in their hands and wore huge nosegays. The park w;is lighted by huge torches, lamps were hanging along the avenues that led to the house. A crowd stood outside the iron gates, cheering occasionally as the long names and splendors and persons belongiug to each other came driving up. I think people were less blase then than they are now, and thought more seri ously upon certain subjects. Dancing, for in- j stance, and powdering and postures, took up a great deal of time ; so did conversation and cor- I respondence—of all of which exercises our own j generation seems somewhat impatient, as it hurries on its way curtailing with small cere mony. Miss Angel started in her grand equipage to take her iwrt in all the state ceremonies, and her father put on his old cloak and prepared to follow into the crowd to have the glory to see his child pass into the paradise of lords. The Princess of Brunswick was to be there and other great per sonages. Little Rosa begged so hard to be al lowed to go too, that as it was a fine November night shining with many stars and crossed by no chill winds, the old man consented to it, and the little girl started clinging to his hand and dancing with delight along the pavement I suppose to one or two people present or the crowd within or without every ball is delightful; •certainly little Rosa in her outer darkness was as happy as any of the splendid and lighted up laches within—far happier than Angel herself, who had come in a strange and depressed state of mind. By degeees (it often happens after depression) her spirits rose wildly. If a new gown, plenty of music, Buiooth polished floors, admiration, and half a dozen persons at her elbow, could make her happy, these elements were not wanting. Antonio w.is gone, Mr. Reynolds had left her, but all these vanities remained. People talk of fJUiting Worldiness ; it seemed to be the one thing that she could count upon. Friendship had left her in a fury ; love made a speech and walked out of the room ; but here was a faith ful frivolity, and vanities unchanging ; here were fartuera aind compliments, here was De Horn ■ uniwiiiMang in his courteous attention. Since other things were not for her, she would take what she could hold. Was Frivolity a divine goddess after all ? was this to be the experience of her life, to find divinity in one thing after an other. At times during that eventful evening Miss Angel's laughter and spirits were almost wild, but at others she drooped. There was anxiety in the air ; the secret feelings of the last few months seemed mingling with the scene be fore her. Almost the first person she saw as she came into the room was Mr. Reynolds talking to one of the beautiful Ladies Waldegrave. He came up to her, held out his hand with a gentle deprecating look. She hardly knew how to re spond ; there was a a dazzle of light before her eyes, of music in her ears. She turned away quickly, and just realised the fact that Lady Diana, who was in crimson and looking greatly bored, was beckoning her to come and stand by her side. From their corner the two ladies could see into the great dining-room, which had been de corated and turned into a dancing hall. An arch had been opened into the little octagon room, Miss Angel's late retreat Her bed-room had been transformed into a re ining boudoir, with lampe and low divans ; al most all the windows were unshuttered, and the lights on the terrace without, and the shouts of the bystanders, seemed to make a fiery circle and outer incantation to the glittering magic Within. There is a picture by Stothard of a court ball in those days, delicately and charm ingly indicated. There is a sweeping and measured calm in all the brilliance, a high-bred grace and composure. Lady W.'s ball was re markable for this mixture of brightness and grave restraining sense of high dignity present The country dances were performed with great spirit Angelica danced twice with M. de Horn, who came and reminded her that she was pro mised as she stood by Lady DL De Horn's dancing was celebrated for its excellence, He was stately, composed, graceful, moving his long limbs with a sort of careless ease. When dancing, he seemed quite differeut from the somewhat conscious person he appeared under ordinary cir cumstances. His ear for music must have been remarkable ; and the whole glittering set of country dancers seemed to be inspirited and kept to the measure by this one man's perfor mance. They swayed and bowed, and stamped their high heels ; the swords swung, the gentle £'• gold embroideries, which they shared with ir lacqueys, twinkled; the stately lady res rose and sank, and pointed their satin Idea. De Horn among them all, in his black and {Over, seemed to beat his own time and keep the |ausic in measure. Angelica made no secret of her pleasure in his performance. When excel lence reaches a certain point, even dancing be comes a fine art, and ceases to be a personal dis play to real artistic natures. Perhaps this may have been a small fine art, but it was all in all for the moment Mr. Reynolds was still standing not far off, and he saw her glance and then he looked down at his shoe buckles, feeling as if he had no right to watch Angelica's expressions or movements amy more. That look seemed to tell him he had been right to absolve his conscience. She was a ghost to him—that beautiful living woman, with the light of youth in her eyes, of interest and fine intelligence. When the dance was over de Horn conducted her back to her place by Lady DL He remained by her side, not talking ex actly, for he waa &personnagc; muet, and depended more upon his legs than his wits for the favor he received from the world. He stood listening to Angelica's talk with everybody else, and put ting in a word every now and then more or less to the purpose. " What a stupid man de Horn is !" said Lady Di once, when he had moved away, called off by some acquaintance. "Do you think so V said the Eauffmann. " I think the man is a very good specimen of a human being." She spoke lightly, but she felt anything but gay and unconcerned. Was it magnetism and force of will by which fle Horn made his way ? It was some curious power he had of making others half interested, half afraid. Angelica dimly felt that she was iu danger. He still seemed with her, even when ■he was talking to others. Goethe tells Ecker znann about attractive and repulsive powers be longing to human being3 as they walk in mysteries. It must have been some magnetic powers in de Horn which imposed upon so many. As the handsome couple stood side by side they commanded a view of the brilliant com pany in the blazing hall and on the staircase drawn up to receive the Princess of Brunswick and the Duke of Cumberland, who had arrived in state. The heads beud iu a long line, the courtesies vie in depth and sweep ; the procession BWeepa on, the buzz of voices rises afresh. Two people began talking in the crowd of the Daily Courant, a newspaper which had just come out. "Its news is not of the latest," says one of the speakers, turning to de Horn ; it announces Count de Horn's expected arrival in London rid Paris and Dover. It is three months after date \- in its intelligence" " Is he coming !" said de Horn with a start _ "He—who ?" said the other, and de Horn seemed suddenly to remember to burst out laughing. Angelica, pie-occupied as she was, could not help woudering at the agitation this little incident seemed to produce in her partner. He presently asked her if she did not feel the heat. Would she not come nearer an open window ! "Are you ill i Pray do not think of me," ahe said, for she saw that he was deadly pale. But he would not leave her. He seemed to de tain her, by mere force of will to keep her apart from the rest of the company. He began as he had never done " Ah ! that you were in my own rank of life !" he 6aid once ; " but what matters rank or diffi culty when there is wit and courage and true love ?" She became more and more uneasy, as his manner grew more fre>. He followed her every where from room to room, into the supper-room at last, where he had handed some refreshments she had asked for across a table, saying, " let me serve you, rnaHam, Ah ! you are fortunate ; here in this country you have no vexing restric tions as with us. Before I left Sweden, a friend of mine was taken before the magistrates for having taken a cup of chocolate in her box at the play. She was condemned to a week's imprison ment and a heavy fine." "Is it possible ?" cried Angelica. I should be sorry to pay such a price for a cup of chocolate." (Alas ! poor woman she had to pay a heavier price for this than that which Count de Horn was now handing to her.) " Our sumptuary laws are of extraordinary severity," cried the Count '• I myself have, I fear "he broke off abruptly ; " Will you come back to the dancing-room," he said, and he looked at her with one of those strange uncertain glances. As De Horn's agitation grew less, Angelica felt her own insensibly increase. She became more and more afraid, and once when he had been called away by one of the Princess of Brunswick's attendant pages, she precipitately engaged herself to Lord W., who happened to be standing near. But fate seemed to interfere. Lady W. came up with a " No, W., you must not dance with Kauffmann. I know how much you would like to do so ; but there is the Princess of Bruns wick waiting to be taken in to supper. Here is Count De Horn, who will, I am sure, take your place." She was gone, and once more Angelica found her fingers in the grasp of the very hand she was trying to avoid. His fingers held hers so strangely, closing with a firm light pressure, that she seemed unable to resist " Here is a seat by the window," she said, trying to avoid him, and with a sort of smile she withdrew her hand in an unconcerned way, talking of some thing else all the while ; but again she happened to meet the look of his strange penetrating eyes as she glanced up ; it seemed to her as if his glance held her as firmly as his closing fingers. Old John Joseph was in the crowd outside, and had managed to creep with little Rosa through the barriers. As they stood on the terrace of the garden, they saw, to their delight, Angelica go by in her brilliance, escorted by this magnificent squire. " How white she looks, grandpapa," said little Rosa ; " is she frightened all alone ?" " She is not at all alone ; that great Signor is talking to her," said John Joseph. " Praised be heaven that I see my child honored as she deserves ; all are acknowledging her rights. See, Rosa, they are looking for her, she receives a message, she is led across. Rosa ! It is one of the Princes 3' pages who has been sent for her," cried old John Joseph, creeping up closer and closer to the window, and trampling the flower-bed to behold the apotheosis of his Angel as she is conducted to the great chair where the Princess is sitting in state. " People are coming this way. Come quick," whispers little Rosa, pulling at his coat tails. They are a timid pair, and the burst of voices frightens them, and the two creep off carefully and unperceived, slide along the rails and come out away into the street They find their way home, through dark moon-lit streets, to the house where the tired servants were sleeping. Soon little Rosa, too, is dreaming of moon light and music. Old John Joseph lights his pipe and sits down contentedly in the great chair in the parlor, waiting until Angel should return ; he opens the window to hear her first summons. Long, warm, dark hours pass, and he nod 3 sleepily in his place, all wrapped in his cloak. The open window lets in the first light of dawn, the birds begin to chirp crißply in the chill serenity. The dawning light shines upon the ball, and upon the dancers still untiringly pursuing their mazes. It shines upon a woman who has come out from the hot glaring room, with its straining music and oppressive scent of burning wax, into the dim gray garden where the trees just rustle in the dawn, and the sparrows are whistling then early chorus with fresh precision. All that night Angelica had felt unnaturally wound up, excited, agitated. This dim cool light seemed to call her back to rest, to tranquil mind, to reality of heart and feeling. Her dress gleamed white among the shadows. Some silver cloud was drifting overhead. Someone saw her go out from the room, and came pursuing her steps. It seemed impossible to avoid De Horn, who now followed her along the twilight path. " Why do you come ?" she cried, exasperated, - do you not see that I would avoid you ?" " Why do I come V said De Horn. " Madam, I have much to say to you. My happiness, my liberty, my life are in your hands. I have had news to-night—news that overwhelms me. I am in dire disgrace. My estate and my life may be forfeited. You alone can save me, save me from despair." Angelica turned her wondering looks. She caw he was in earnest; he looked ghastly. " The Queen would listen to you," he cried. " Did you not see the Princess smile as she gave you her Majesty's message and summons to Windsor ? Your influence would save me," he repeated. " Indeed I will do anything," faltered Angel ica, greatly moved ; " but you overrate, you entirely mistake." "I do not overrate anything," he said, ap proaching his anxious face to here ; and through the dim twilight bis great black eyes gleamed, and, as the light increased, she saw mere plainly the lines of care and almost terror in his face. Then, before she could prevent him, he fell i upon his knees and caught hold of her skirts with his two hands as he spoke. " You have influence upon all whom you ap proach ; you could obtain grace for your hus band," he cried, "if not for me. O Angel, be that which you are, a generous and noble hearted woman. Give me my life ! I love you to distraction, you see it, you know it If you have one womanly feeling, one pitiful thought for a wretch in torment, you could save me, you alone." And he struck his breast and burst into an odd spasm of tears. | "Oh ! no, no," said Angel, doubting, not knowing how to answer, how to escape. He went on passionately entreating, and she, bewildered, excited, let him go on, listened with rising agitation, melted as she listened, grew interested against her own conviction, and sud denly, the spell of the moment, the passionate petition, her own yielding nature, all overcame her ; some wave seemed to flow over her head, and it seemed to her as if it was no new thing ; I but as if that voice had been pleading and | pleading from the very beginning of life, as if I all her coldness and indifference were cruelty and selfishness, and as if some conviction had come to her, that he mutt be saved at any price, she alone must save him. Suddenly, very quietly, she yielded, agreed to i everything. She would meet him next day at the little Catholic chapel out of Manchester square. He could hardly believe it ad she spoke, hardly believe that his prize was so easily won. She would keep the secret, and as she said so he seized her hand and kissed it again and again. If anyone were to suspect his marriage—such were the laws of Sweden, De Horn assured her j —he would be immediately carried off, ira | prisoned perhaps for life; " but you, my i treasure, my Angel of deliverance, under the | shadow of your pure wings I shall be safe." He semed again overpowered, and for a moment Angelica lost courage. But she made no opposition, when De Horn seized her hand, and pulled Lady W.s little ring off her finger. " This is a pledge of your truth and goodness; you dare not fail me now." Though his words I were harsh, his looks were melting ; they seemed [to appeal to her very heart She could not speak, but bent her head in assent. When she looked up De Horn was hastily escaping along a shadowy path ; for one instant he stopped and pointed towards the house from whence a whole stream of dancers now issued. The sun rose over the houses, a glittering i stream of gold fell upon Angelica in her silver dress. As she turned to meet the company, she seemed on fire, advancing radiant and excited. How much are omens worth ? Poor Angel! Hitherto people hadreproached her with lightuess of nature. Henceforward the burden of life lay heavy enough to satisfy her most envious detractors. talking before. *_J?!a-r? ht of repoWirfung " Miss Ang»l" has been PUTOtaeea by the proprietor* vl Tht Qnccmlandtr. 