THE SECOND COMING OF OUR LORD. Lieut. Alfred Wilkinson, mentioned in thoadvertisomcntassn"Evangolistserving under the Apostles," delivered an address at the Town Hall, on Thursday evening to a numerous audience, representing different Christian denominations, and including several ministers. The chair was taken by G. Clark, Esq., late of Ellen thorp Hall. Shortly after eight o'clock, the Lieutenant and Mr Clark ascended the platform, and after a pause, Mr Clark in troduced Lieut. Wilkinson, for whom he bespoke a patient and attentive hearing. Lieut. Wilkinson than proceeded with his address; he spoke of the solemn im portance of the' message he had been sent to deliver, and referred to the various dispensations under which the world had been placed by tho Al mighty, tracing that of the antediluvian,, whose wickedness was great, but to whom God sent Noah to warn men of the ap proaching destruction, and to prepare the ark of refuge for all who would floe to it, and mentioning the translation of Enoch, who~walked with God. He then noticed the Abrahamio novw..s..,t and the Jewish haipensation, with the deliverance of the people from the Egyptiani house of bond ago; the work of Moses, to whom God gave the law, and the patterns of things pertaining to worship. The ministry of the prophets all. had reference to the bringing of the ~ooplo back to God and his worship. Jobn th reatest of all the prolhets, was raise r the same work, to call the people to repentance, for the kingdnm of God was at hand. The now dispensation, the present one, was intro. duced on the day of Pentecost, when the promise of the Holy Ghost was ful. filled, and the. gift of tonigues, the gift of healing the sick and raising the dead, the ministry of apostles, evangelists, and posters, all chiaracterised that dispense tion. He then spoke of the falling away of the early church, and the "corruptions of religion, which had. culminated in threatened judgments. God in mercy had, in these last times, in answer, to the prayers of his faithful followers, again called forth the ministries to which le had referred in order to awaken the Church (to use the language of the notice by. which that meeting had been 'called) "to a consciousness of her high calling, to warn her of the fearful dangers which beset her and to seal those. who; may be accounted worthy to escape the terrible judgments which are coming upon the earth. And, amid the uncertainty and fear which abounds, thousands gathered from all parts of the Church, are through their ministry abiding in the unity of 'the faith, once for all delivered to the saints, filled with the hope of watching and wait ing for their Lord's glorious appearing." In concluding a well-delivered address the speaker expressed the hope that his audi ence would receive the message which he had been sent to convey to them, and the facts which he joyfully testified. The Chairman signified that no appeal had been made for help towards the ex penses of the meeting, butan opportunity would be afforded to any who were desir ous of giving, either by depositing done tions in a box at the door or calling at the betel where they, were staying for the 