THE NOVELIST. THREE FEATHERS. CHAPTKH XII.-THR CHAIN TIGHTENS. Unco, and once only, wonna UIUKB uuvr». had gone out into thu night all by herself, wit! some vague notion that the cold, dank sea-air sweet with tho scent of tho roses in the cottage gardens- would bo gratefully cool aa it caine around lier face. Tho day had been stormy, and the sea was high-she could hear the waves dash ing in on the rocks at the month of the harbour - but the heavens were clear, and over the dark earth the great vault of stars throbbed and burned in silence. She was alone, for Mr. Roscorla had not returned from London, aud Mabyn Ima not noticed her slipping out. And here, in the cool, sweet darkness, tho waves seemed to cali on her with a low and melancholy voice. A great longing and trouble came somehow into her heart, and drove her to wander onwards aa if she could find rest in tho mere loneliness of the night, until at length thero was nothing around her but the dark land, and the sen, and tho white stars. She could not tell what wild and sad feeling this wns that had taken possession of her; but she know that s<he had suddenly fallen away from the calm content of the wife that was to be-with nil the pleasant sensation ot' gratiLudo towards him who had honoured her, and thu no less pleasant con sciousness that her importance in the world, and her power of helping tho people around her, were indefinitely increased. She had become ngain the plain Jim (Jrow of former days, longing to be able to do some indefinitely noble and unselfish thing -ready, indeed, to lay her lifo down so that she might earn some measure of kindly regard by the sacrifice. And once moro she reflected that she had no great influence in the world, that she was of ho accouut to auybody, that she was plain, and small, and insignificant ; and the great desire in her heart of beiug of distinct and beautiful service to the many people whorn she loved seemed to break it self against these narrow bars, until the cry of the sea around her was a cry of pain, and the stars looked coldly down on her, and oven God himseli seemed far away and indifferent. "If I could only tell some one-if I could only toll some ono !" she saying to heiwlf wildly, as she walked rapidly onwards, not seeing very well where she was going, for her eyes were full ol tears. " But if 1 tell Mabyn she will say that J fear this marriage, and go Btraightto Mr. Roscorla: and if I teîl my mother sha will think me ungrate ful to him, nnd to every ono around roe. And how can I explain to them what I cannot explain to my self ? And if I cannot explain it to myself, is it not mere folly to yield to such a feeling ?" The question was easily asked and easily an swered ; and with much show of bravery she pro ceeded to ask herself other questions, less easily answered. Sho began to reproach herself with in . gratitude, with vanity, with a thousand errors and evil qualities ; she would teach herself humility ; she would endeavour to bo contented and satisfied in tho position in which she found herself ; she would reflect on tho thousands of miserable people who had real reason to complain, and yet bore theil sufferings with fortitude; and sho would now straightway and once-return to her own room, gel out the first letter Mr. iioscorla had written her, and convince herself once more that she ought to be happy. Tho climax was a strange one, She had been pursuading harsolf that there was no real cause for this sudden lit of doubt and wretchedness. She had been anticipating her sister's probable explana tion, and dismissing it. And yet, as she turned and walked back along the narrow path leading down to tho bridge, she comforted herself with the notion that Mr. Koscorla's letter would reassure her and banish these imaginary sorrows. She had frequently read over that letter, and she knew that its ingenious and lucid arguments were simply in controvertible. " Oh, "Wenna !" Mabyn cried, " what has been troubling yon? Do you know that your faco is quite white ? Have you been out all by your self?" Wenna, on getting homo, had gone into the little snuggery which was oncea bar, and which was now George Rose.varne's smoking-room. Mabyn and her father had been playing chess-the bonrd and pieces were still on the table, Wenua sate down apparently a little tired. "Yes, I havo been out for a walk," she said. "Wenna, tell me what is the matter with you !" tho youuger sister said, imperatively. "There is nothing the matter. Well, I suppose you will tease mo until I tell you something. I have had a lit of despondency, Mabyn, that's all despondency over nothing; and now lam quite cured, and do you think Jotiuifer could get me a cup of tea ? Well, why do you stare ? ls there anything wonderful in it ? 1 suppose every girl must get frightened a little bit when sho thinks of all that may happen to her-especially when she is alone-and ol course it is very ungrateful of her to have any such doubts, though they meau noth ing, and she ought to be ashamed-" She stopped suddenly. To her dismay she fottud that she was admitting* to Mabyn the very reasons whioh she expected to havo to combat, *Sho saw what she had done in the expression of Mabyn's fnce-in the proud, indignant mouth and tho half concealed anger of the eyes. The younger sister was silent for a minute ; and then she said pas sionately " If there is anyone to bo ashamed, it isn't you, Wenna. I know who it is. As for you, I dou't know what has come over you of late-you are try ing to be meeker aud meeker, and moro humble, and more grateful-and all for what? What have you to bo grateful for ? Aud you are losing all your fun and your good spirits; and you are'get ting to be just Uko the children in story-books that repeat u-xts and got gooder and gooder every day until they are only lie for Heaven, and I am sure 1 am always glad when the little beasts die. Oh, Wenna, 1 would rather s^e you do the wicked est thing in nil the world if it would only bring you back to your oid self!" "Why, you foolish girl, I am my old self," the elder sister said, quietly taking off her bonnet and laying it on tho table. " Is Jennifer lip-stairs ? Who is in the parlour ?" 1 " Oh, your sweetheart is ia the parlour," sai Mabyn, with badly-concealed contempt. " He : juat arrived from London. I suppose he is tellin mother about his rheumatism." " Ile hasn't got any rheumatism-any moi than you have," Wenna said, with some asperity "Oh yes, heha3," the younger sister said, inven ing a diabolical story for the mere purpose c getting "Wenna iuto a rage. She would rather hav her in a succession of tempers than the victim c this chastened meekness. " And gout too-I ca see by the colour of his nails. Of course he hash told you. And he is near-sighted, but he pretend he doesn't need spectacles. And I am told he ha fearful debts hanging over his head in Londor. and that he only came here to hide ; and if yoi marry him you'll see what will come to you." Mabyn was not very puccessfui in making he sister angry. Wenna only laughed in her gent! fashion, and put her light shawl beside he bonnet, and then went aloug the passage to th parlour in which Mr. Eoscorla and her mothe: were talking. Tho meeting of tho lovers after their temporary separation was not an impassioned one. TheJ shook hands j Wenna hoped he was not fatiguée by the long journey; and then he resumed hil task of describing to Mrs. Rosewarne tho extra ordinary appearance of Trelyon's sitting-room ii Nolan's Hotel, after the young gentleman nae Ulled it with birds and beasts. Presently, how ever, Wenna's mother made, some pretence fo¡ getting out of the room; aud Mr. Koscorla and hi¡ betrothed wore left alone. He rarely got such ar opportunity. " iVenuu, I have brought you the ring," said he and with that he took a small case from hil pocket, and opened it, and produced a very pretty gypsy ring studded with emeralds. Now, on the journey down from London he nae deftuately resolved that he would put an end tc that embarrassment or sharaefacsdness which had hitherto presented his offering to kiss the girl whom he expected to marry, lie was aware thal there was something ridiculous in his not havinp done so. Ho reflected that scarcely any humar being would believe that he could have been such a fool. And it occurred to him, in the train, that the occasion of his giving Wenna her engaged rinp would be an excellent opportunity for breaking ic upon this absurd delicacj'. He went across the room to her. She sate still perhaps a little paler than usual. He took hei hand, and put the ring on, and then Then it suddenly occurred to him that there was something devilish m the notion of his purchasing tho right to kiss her by giving her a trinket. No i that any such scruple would otherwise have af fected him ; but he was nervously sensitive as to what she might think ; and doubtless she was familiar with the story of Margarethe and Faust's casket of jewels. So he suddenly said, with an air of carelessness " Well, do you like it ? You can't quite tell the colour of the stones by lamplight, you know." Wenna was not thinking of the colour of the stones." Her hand trembled; her heart beat quickly : when she did manage to answer him, it was merely to say, in a confused fashion, that she thought the ring very beautiful indeed. " You know," he said, with a laugh, " I don't think men like engaged rings quite as well as girh do. A girl generally seems to take such a fancj for an engaged ring that she won't change it foi any other. I hope that won't be in your case, Wenna; and, indeed, I wanted to talk to you about it." Ho biought a chair close to her, and sate down by her, and took her hand. Now, ordinarily Wenna's small, white, plump hands were so warm that her sister used to say that they tingled to the very tips of her fingers with kindness, and were always wanting to give away something. The hand which Mr. lioscorla held was as cold and as impassive as ice. He did not notice ; he was en gaged in preparing sentences. " You know, Wenna," said he " that I am not a rich man. When I might have taught myself to work I had just sufficient income to keep me idle; and now that this income is growing less, and when I have greater claims on it, I must try some thing. Well, my partners and myself have thought of a schemo which I think will turn out all right. They proposo to wake up those estates in Jamaica, aud see if they cau't be made to produce something like what they used to produce. That wants money. They have it : I have not. It is true I have been offered the loan of. a few thousand pounds ; but ev«n if I accept it-and I suppose I must-that wouldnotpufcmeonanequalfooting with the other men who are goiuginto the affair. This, however, I could clo : I could go out there and do all in my pow^r to look after their interests and my own-see, in fact, that the money was being properly expended before it was too late. Now, I might bo there a very long time." "Yes," said "Wenna, ina low voice, and rather inappropriately. " Now, don't let me alarm you ; but do you think -:lo you not think, in view of what might be rather a long separation, that we ought to get mar ried before I go ?" I She suddenly and inadvertently withdrew her hand. " Oh, no, no, no !" she sai.d in a low and frightened voice. " Oh, do not ask moto do that." She w.is trembling more than ever. He could not understand. " But don't make any mistake, Wenna," he said ; " I did not propose you should go with me. That would lie asking too much. I don't wish to take you to the West Indies; because I might be there only for a few months. All I wish is to have the boucl that uuites us already made fast before I go, merely a« a comfortable thing to think of, don't you seo ?" " Oh, it is too hasty-I am afraid-why should we be in such a hurry ?" tlvs gill said, still with hui* heart boating ho that alie could scarcely speak. u isTo," ho argued, " you must not make another mistake. Before this scheme can bo matured, j months must elapse. 1 may not have to go out before the beginning of next year. Now, surely other six months would make a sufficiently long , engagement." I "Oh, but the pledge is so terrible," she said, and soircelv knowing what she said. I Mr. Roscorla was at once astonished and vexed. That waa certainly not the mood in which a gi ought to look forward to her marriage. He cou not understand this dread on her pnrt. He begf to ask himself whether she would like to enif the self-importance that her engagement hf bestowed on her-the attentions he paid her, tl assistance he gave her in her charitable laboui and the sort of sovereignty over a man which girl enjoys during the betrothal period-for an i] definite time, or perhaps with the hope that tl sudden destruction of all these things by marriap might never arrive at all. Then he began to get little angry, and got up from the chair, and walk« once or twice up and down the room. " "Well," said ho, " I don't understand you, I coi fess. Except in this way, that our relations wit each other lmvo not been so openly affectionate fi they might have been. That I admit. Perhap it was my fault. I suppose, for example, yo have been surprised that I never offered to ki¡ you ?" There was something almost of a threat in th last few words ; and Wenna, with her cheeks sui denly burning red, anxiously hastened to say-. " Oh, not at all. It was my fault. I am sui if there was too great reserve it was rn; , fault but I do not think there has been. It is not tbs at ali; but your wish seems so sudden, and so ur necessary." "Don't you see," he said, interrupting hei " that if our relations at present are not sufficient! frank and confidential, nothing will mend that s easily as our marriage ? And this that I ask c you ought to be as agreeable to you as to me that is to say--" He stopped, with a look of impatience on hi face. There was some one coming along the pas sage. Ho knew who it was, too ; for a young girl voice was doing its best to imitate in a burlesqu fashion a young man's voice, and Mr. Roscorla ha< already heard Harry Trelyon, as he rode or drov carelessly along, bawling to himself, "Oh, th men of merry, merry England !'' He knew that hi old enemy Mabyn was at hand. That very clever imitation of Harry Trelyoi was all the warning that the young lady in ques tion condescended to give of her approach. Sh ooened the door without ceremony, marched inti tba middle of the room, and proudly placed a bird cage on the table. '.There, said she "can either of you toll rm what that bird is ?" " Of course I can." said Wenna, rising with i sensation of great relief. "No you can't," her sister said dogmatically " It is sent to you with Mr. Harry Trelyon's com pliments; and it'is something very wonderful in deed. What is it, ladieB and gentlemen'? Don' answer all at once !" " Why, it is only " A piping bullfinch-that's what it is," said Mabyn, triumphantly. CHAPTER XIII.-AN UNEXPECTED CONVERT. Next morning was Sunday morning ; and Wenna having many things to think over by herself started off alone to church, some little time befon the others, and chose a circuitous route to the smal building which stood on the high uplands over th« sea. It was a beautiful morning, still and peace ful, with the warmth of the sunlight cooled by i refreshing western breeze ; and as she went alonp and up the valley, her heart gradually forgot iti cares, for she was listening to the birds singing and picking up an occasional wild-flower, or watch ing the slow white clouds cross the blue sky. Anc as she walked quietly along in this way, finding her life the sweeter for the sweet air and the abun dant colour of all tbe things around her, it chancee that she saw Harry Trelyon coming across one o: the meadows, evidently with the intention of bid ding her good morning, and she thought she woulc stop and thank him for having sont her the bull finch. This she did very prettily when he cam« up; and he, with something of a blush on his handsome face, said " I thought you wouldn't be offended. Ono can use more freedom with you now that you aro as good as married, you know." She quickly got away from that subject by ask ing him whether he was coming to church ; and tc that question he replied by a rather scornful laugh and by asking what the parsons would say if he took a gan into the family pew. In fact, hf had brought out an air-cane to test its carrying powers ; and he now bore it over his shoulder. " I think you might have left the gun at home on a Sunday morning," Miss Wenna said, in rather a precise fashion. " And, do you know, Mr. Trel you, I can't understand why you should apeak in that way about clergymen, when you say yourself that you always avoid them, and don't know any thing about them. It reminds me of a stable-boy we once had who used to amuse the other lads by being impertinent to every stranger who might pass, simply because the stranger was a stranger." Tim was a deadly thrust ; and the tall .young gentleman flushed, and was obviously a trifle angry. Did she mean to convoy that he had acquired his manners from stable-boys ? " Parsons and churches are too good for the likes of me," he said, contemptuously. " Morning, Miss Rosewarae," and with that ho walked off. But about three minutes thereafter, when she was peacefully continuing her way, he jvertook her again, and said to her in rather a shamefaced fashion " I hope you don't think I meant to be rude to you, Miss Wenna. I'll go to church with you if you like. I've stuck my air-cane in a safe place." Wenna's face brightened. " I shall be very glad," she said, with a smile far more frank and friendly than any she had ever yet bestowed on him. "And I am sure if you came often to hear Mr. Trewhella, or if you knew him, you would think differently about clergy men." "Oh, well," Trelyon said, "he's a good sort of old chap, I think. I find no fault with him. But look at such a fellow as that Barnes-why, that fellow's son was with me at Rugby, and was't he a pretty chip of the old block-a monn, lying little beggar, who would do anything to get a half-crown out of you." "Oh, wera you at Rugby?" Wenna asked in nocently. " I don't wonder at your asking," her companion said, with a grin. " You think it doesn't look as if I had ever been to any school? Oh yes, I was at Rugby; and my career there, if brief, was not inglorious. I think the records of all the eight Houses might be searched in vain to find such another ruff an as I waB, or any one who managed to get into the same number of scrapes in the same time. The end was dramatic. They would't let me go to a ball in the Town-hall. I had vowed I should be there ; and I got out of the House at night, and went. And I hadn't been in the place ten minutes when I saw tho very master who had refused me fix his glittering eye on me ; eo as I knew it was all over, I merely went up to him and asked to have the pleasure of being introduced to his daughter. I thought he'd have had a fit. But that little brute Barnes I was telling you about, he was our champion bun-eater. At that time, you know, they used to give you as as many buna as ever you. liked on Shrove-Tuesday ; and the Houses used to eat against each other, and this fellow Barnes was our champion ; and, oh Lord ! the number he stowed away that morning. When we went to chapel afterwards, he was as green aa a leek." 1 "Do you dislike clergymen because Master Barnes ate too many buns?" Wonna auked. with a gentle smile, which rather aggrieved her com panion. "Do you know," said he, "I think you are awfully hard on me. You are always trying to catch mo up. Here am I ¡walking to church with you, like an angel of submission, and all tho thanks I get--why, there goes my mother !" Just in front of them, and a short distance from the church, the road they were following joined the main , highway leading up from Eglosilyan, and along the latter Mrs. Trelyon's brougham wa3 driving past. That lady was very much astonished to find her son walking with Miss Wenna Rose warne on a Sunday morning ; and still more sur prised when, after, she was in church, she behold Master Harry walk coolly in and march up to the family pew. Here, indeed, vwas a revolution. Which of all the people assembled-among wliom were Miss Mabyn and her mothor, and Mr. Ros corla-had ever seen the like of this before ? And it was all the greater wonder that the young gentle man in the rough shooting- co \t found two clergy men in the pew, and nevertheless entered it, and quietly accepted from one of them a couple of books. Mrs, Trelyon's gentle and emotional heart warmed towards the girl who had done this thing. . That forenoon, just before luncheon, Mrs. Trelyon found her son in the library, and said to him with an unusual kindliness of manner " That was Miss Rosewarne, Harry, wasn't it, whom I paw this morning ?" I " Yes," he said sulkily. He half expected that ! one or other of his friends, the parsons, had been saying something about her to his mother. " She is a very quiet, nice-looking girl ; I am sure Mr. Roscorla has acted wisely, after all. And I have been thinking, Harry, that since she is a friend of yours, we might do something like what you proposed, only not in a way to make people talk." . " Oh," said he bluntly, " I have done it already. I have promised to lend Roscorla £5,000 to help him to work his Jamaica estates. If you don't like to sanction the affair. I can get the money from the Jews. I have written to Colonel Ransome to tell him so." " Now, why should you treat me so, Harry ?' his mother said, in an injured way. " I took you at your word-that's all. I suppose now you are better disposed to the girl merely be cause she got me to go to church this morning. If there were more people like her about churches, ia the pulpits and out of them, I'd go oftener. I was not quite sure who she was," Mrs Trelyon said, with a feeble air of apology., "I like her appearance very much ; and I wish she or anybody else would induce you to go to church. Well now, Harry, I will myself lend you the £5000 till you come of age. Surely that will be much better; and, if you like, I will make Miss Rosewarne's acquaintance. You mi^ht ask her to dinner the first time Mr. Roscorla is coming ; and he could bring her." Master Harry was at last pacified. " Make it Thursday," said ho, " and you must write to her. I will take down tho letter and per suade her: but if she comes she shan't come under the wing of Mr. Roscorla, as if he were the means of introducing her. I shall go down for her with the brougham, and fetch her myself." " But what will Mr. Roscorla say to that ?" his mother asked, with a smile. " Mr. Roscorla may say whatever he particularly pleases," responded Master Harry. CHAPTER XIV.-SIB BAT SO SANFT, SO LIEBLICH. " To dine at Trelyon Hall ?" said George Rose warne to hie eldest daughter; when she in a man ner asked his consent. " Why not ? But you must get a new dress, lass ; we can't have you go among grand folks as Jim Crow." " But there is a story about the crow that went out with peacock's feathers," his daughter said to him. " And, besides, how could I get a new dress by Thursday?" ???? , "" " How could you get a new dress by Thursday." her father repeated mechanically, .for he» ww watching one of his pet pigeons on tho roof or tao mill. " How can I tell you ? Go and ask your mother. Don't bother mo." It ia quite certain that Wenna would not have availed herself of this gracious permission, tor liei mother was not very well, and she did not wish to increase that tender anxiety which Mrs. Rosewarne already showed about her daughter's going among these strangers; but that this conversation haa been overheard by Mabyn, and that young lady, as was her habit, plunged headlong into the matter.^ " You can have the dress quito well, Wenna>. she said, coming out to the door of the lim, ano. calling on her mother to come too. ' 10"* here, mother, I give you warning that 1 never, never, n«ver will speak another word, to Wenna ir Bhe doesn't take the silk that is lying .by.fo* "J? and have it made up directly ; never a single worn if I live in Eglosilyan for a hundred and twentj five years !" * " _ "n OT. " Mabyn, I don't want a new dress," Yenf,wnU postulated. "I don't need one. Why should 5ou ruBh at little things as if you were a Bqutuhon OL cavalry ?" "I don't care whether you want it or whether i . you don't want it ; but you've got to have it, hasn't elie, mother ? Or else, it's what I tell you ; not a word-not a word if you were to go down before me on your bended knees." This was said with much dramatic effect. " I think you had better let Mabyn have her own way, Wenna," the mother said gently. "I let her!" Wenna answered, pretending not to notice Mabyn's look of defiance and triumph. "She al wa vs has her own way; tomboys always have." "Don't call names, Wenna," her sister said, severely; "especially as I have just given you a dress. You'll have to get Miss Keane down directly, or else I'll go and cut it myself, aud then you'll have Harry Trelyon laughing at you, for ho al ways laughs at people who don't know how to keep him in his proper place." " Meaning yourself, Mabyn," the mother said ; but Mabyn was not to be crushed by any sar casm. Certainly Harry Trelyon was in no laughing or spiteful mood when he drove down on that Thurs day evening to take Wenna Rosowarne up to the Hall. He was as pleased and proud as ha well could be, and when he went into the Inn he made no secret, of his satisfaction and of his gratitude to her for having been good enough to accept his mother's invitation. Moreover, understanding that Mrs. Rosewarne was still rather ailing, he had brought down for her a brace of grouse from a hamper that had reached the Hall from Yorkshire that morning; and he was oven friendly and good natured to Mabyn instead of being ceremoniously impertinent towards her. " Don't you think, Mr. Trelyon," said Wenna, in a timid way, as she was getting into the brougham, "don't you think we should drive round for Mr. Roscorla ?" "Oh, certainly.not," said Mabyn, with prompti tude. "He always prefers a walk before dinner -I know he does-he told me so. He must have started long ago. Don't you mind her, Mr. Trel yon." Mr. Trelyon was grinning as ho and Wonna drove away. "Sh6's a thoroughgood sort of girl, that sister of yours," he said ; " but when she marries won't she lead her.husband a pretty dance!" " Oh, nothing of the sort, I can assure you," Wenna said, sharply. " She is as gentle as any one can well be. If she is impetuous, it is always in thinking of other people. There is nothing she wouldn't do to serve those whom she really cares for." "Well,"said he, with a laugh, "I never knew two girls stick up so for one another. Don't ima gine I was such a fool as to say anything against her. But sisters ain't often like that. My cousin Jue has a sister at school, and when she's at home, the bullying that goes on is something awful ; or its naggiug and scratching, for girls never go in for a fair stand-up fight. Aud yet when you meet these two separately, you find each of them as good-natui\;d and good-tempered as you could wish. And if there's anything said about you anywhere that isn't positive worship, why, Mabyn comes down on the people like a cart-load of bricks; and she can do it, mind you, when she likes." It suddenly occurred to Mr. Trelyon that he had made a blunder; and whereas a more diplo matic young gentleman would ha ve hastened away from the subject, hoping that she had not noticed it, he must needs hark back in a confused and em barrassed fashion. "Of course," said he, with a laugh, "I didn't mean that anyone ever said anything really against you-that is impossible-that is quite impossible, and especially no ono would say such a thing to mo-at least they wouldn't say it twice, I can answer for that-you understand, I did not mean anything of that sort." "Oh yes," Wenna said, quietly. "What a bril liant red those campions seem to have at this time of the evening when the green around them gets dark." " Mind," he said, after a word or two, " I mean to take you in todinner. It is just possible my mother may ask Mr. Roscorla to take you in, as a compliment to him ; but.don't you go." "I must do what I am told," Wonna answered, meekly. "Oh no, you mustn't," ho said. "That is merely a girl's notion of what is proper. You are a woman now; you can do what you like. Don't you know how yonr position is changed since you became engaged?" "Yes, it is changed," she said, and then she added quickly, " Surely that must be a planet that one can see already." " You can be much moro independent in your aotions now, and much more friendly with many people, don't you know ?" said this young man, who did not see that ho was treading on very delicate ground, and that of all things in the world that Wenna least liked to hear spoken of, her en gagement to Mr. Roscorla was the chief. Late that night, when Wenna returned from her first dinner-party at Trelyon Hall, she found her Bister Mabyn waiting up for her, and, having pro perly scolded the young lady for BO doing, she sat down and consented to give her an ample and minute description of all the strange things that had happened. " Well, you must know," said she, folding her hands on her knees as she had been used to do in telling tales to Mabyn when they were children together ; " you must know that when we drove up through the trees, the house seemed very big, and grey; and still, for it was getting clark, and there was no sound about tho place. Tt was so ghost-like that it rather frightened me; but in the hall we passed the door of a large room, and there I got a glimpse of a very gay and brilliant placo, and I heard some people talking. Mr. Trelyon ?was waiting for me when I came down again, aud ne took me into the drawiug-room and introduced me to his mother, who was very kind to mo, but did not seem inclined to speak much to any ono. There was no other lady in tho room-only those two clergymen who were in church laot Sunday, ".nd Mr. Trewhella, and Mr. Roscorla. I thought .Mr. Roscorla was a little embarrassed when he came forward to shake hands with me-and that WR8 natural, for all the ueople must have known \--and he looked at my dress the moment I entered the room ; and then, Mabyn, I did thank you in my heart for letting me have it ; for I had for ' gotten that Mr. Roscorla would regard me as being on my trial, and I hope he was not ashamed of me." " Ashamed of you !" said Mabyn, with a sudden flush of anger. " Do you mean that he was on his trial ?" " Be quiet. Well, you must know, that Mr. Trelyon was in very high spirits, but I never saw him so good-natured, and he must needs take me in to dinner, and 1 sat on his right hand. Mrs. Trelyon told mo it was only a quiet little family party ; and I said I was very glad. Do you know, Mabyn, there is something about her that you can't help liking-1 think it is her voice and her soft way of looking at you ; but she is so very gentle and ordinarily so silent, that she makes you feel as, it you were a very forward, and talk ative, and rude person-'' " That is precisely what you are, Wenna," Mabyn observed, in her schoolgirl sarcasm. " But Mr. Trelyon, he was talking to everybody at once-all round the table-I never saw him in such spirits ; and most of all ho was very kiud to Mr. Trewhella, and I liked him for that. He told mo he had asked Mr. Trewhella because I was coming ; aud ono thing I noticed was, that ho was always sending tho butler to fill Mr. Trowholla's glass, or to offer him some different wine, whereas he let the other two clergymen take their chance. Mr. Roscorla was at the other end of tho table-ho took in Airs. Trelyon-I hope he was not vexed that I did not have a chance'of speaking to him the whole evening; but how could I help it? He would not come near me in tho drawing-room-perhaps that was proper, con sidering that we are engaged; only 1 hope he is not vexed." For once Miss Mabyn kept a hold over her tongue, and did not reveal the thoughts that were uppermost in her mind. " Well, after dinner Mrs. Trelyon and I wont back to the drawing-room; and it was very bril liant and beautiful ; but oh ! ono felt so much aloue in the big place that I was glad when ehe asked me if I would play something for her. It wa3 something to think about; but I had no mucic, and I liad to begin and recollect all sorts of pieces that I had almost forgotten. At first she was at the other end of the room, in a low easy chair of rose-coloured silk, and she looked really very beautiful and sad, and as if she were dream ing. But by and by she came over and sat by the piano ; and it waa as if you were playing to a ghost, that listened without speaking. I played one or two ot' the 4 Songs without Words'-those I could recollect oasily-then Beethoven's 'Fare well;' but while I was playing that, I happened to turn a little bit, and, do you know, she was crying in a quiet and silent way. Then she put her hand gently on my arm, and I stopped play ing, but I did not turn towards her, for there was something so strange and sad in seeing her cry that I was nearly crying myself, and I did not know what was troubling her. Then, do you know, Mabyn, she rose and put her hand on my head, and said, ' I hear you are a very good girl : I hopo you will come and see rae.' Then I told her I was sorry that something I had played had troubled her ; and as I saw she was still dis tressed, I was very glad when she asked me if I would put on a hood and a shawl and take a turn with her round some of the paths outside. It is sucha beautiful night to-night, Mabyn; and up there, where you seemed to be just under the star*, the scents of the flowers were so sweet. Some times we walked under the trees, almost in dark ness, and then we would come out on the clear space of the lawn, and find the skies overhead, and then we would go into the rose garden, and all tho time she was no longer like a ghost, but talking to me as if she had known me a long time. And sho is sucli a strange woira'i, Mabyn she seems to live so much apart from other people, and to look at everything just as it affects herself. Fancy a harp, you know, never thinking of the music it was making; but looking all the time at the quivering ot* its own strings. I hope I did not offend her; for when she was saying some very friendly things about me-of course Mr. Trelyon had been telling her a heap of nonsense about helping peoplo and that, she seemed to think that the only person to be considered in such cases was yourself, aud not those whom you might try to help. Well, when she was talking about the beautiful sensations of being benevolent -and how it softened your heart and refined your feelings to be charitable-I am afraid I said some thing I should not have said, for she immediately turned and asked me what more I would have her do. Well, I thought to myself, if I have offended her, it's done and can't be helped ; and so I plunged into the very thing I had been thinking of all the way in the brougham-" "Tho Sewing Club!" said Mabyn: for Wenna had already spokou of her dark and nefarious scheme to her sister. "Yes ; once I was in it, I told her of the whole affair; and what sho could do if she liked. She was surprised, and I think a little afraid. ' I do not know tho people,' she said, 'ns you do. But I should bo delighted to give you all the money you required, if you would undertake tho rest.' * Oh no, madam,' said I (afterwards she asked me not to call her so), ' that is impossible. I have many things to do at home, especially at present, for my mother is not well. What little time I can give to other peoplo has many calls on it. And I could not do all this by myself.' " "I should think not," said Mabyn, rising up in groat indignation, and beginning to walk up and down the room. "Why, Wenna, they'd work your fingers to the bono, and never say thank you. You do far too much already-and tho idea that you should do that ! You may say what you like about Mrs. Trelyon-she may be a very good lady, but I consider it nothing less than mean-I con sider it disgraceful, mean, and abominably wicked, that she should ask you to do all this work and do nothing herself !" (TO BB CONTINUED.) Ber's OOOÛA - GnATEFur. AND OOUFOUTINO.-" By a thorough knowledge ot' tho natural laws which govern the oneruioua of cJljcstlon ond nutrition, and Dy a careful application nf tim il"» properties of well selected cocoa, Mr. Bops has provided our breakfast tabina with * delicately flavoured bo'oraw which may save us uiouylioavy doctor a bula "_Oivir, SEU-VICU ÜAZETT15. Made i, i m ply with bolling water or milk. Io puckett! ¡md tins. Eanli packet is labe led -JAMES Bpraaud Co. Homoeopathic Chemist«, loudon..' 