TWENTY YEARS AGO. An Austbalian Story. Chapter XI. a chapter fob the ladies. Petersen didn't seem to like my chaffing, so I took my gun, called Ponto, and walked down to the creek to meet Peeps. It was a clear moonlight night. The only sounds that broke the silence were the 'cheep, cheep, cheep,' of the cricket, the wild wailings of the curlew, and the booming of the bittern in the neighboring swamp. I felt rather annoyed that the good feeling existing between Petersen and myself should be marred for the time by a trumpery love affair. I had never had a brother, and I felt a deep affection for my comrade, and was sorry that anything should have occurred to disturb our mutual happiness. When I had reached the main road I met Peeps trudging along slowly with his heavy burden. ' Good evening, Mr. Cole,' he called out in his cheery voice, ' who do vou think I met just now, but that Scotch gent, Mr. McBrose ; he was on his way to old Geiger's, and he had as pretty a young leddy with him as ye could wish to see'' When Peeps and I got home he pulled out his budget of letters and papers. There was a note directed in a female hand, which I did not at first recognise. The address was to ' Messrs. Petersen and Cole, Fairy Hill.' On opening the missive I found it was from Miss Wehnert. It was an invita tion, iu old Geiger's name, to spend the next evening at Rosebank, to meet several friends of the Geiger's to whom we had not yet been introduced. Peter sen was delighted, and I was glad of any escape from the monotony of our present mode of life. When we reached our destination one the next evening, we found quite a large company present. It was Lena's birth day, and as she had just come into a little annuity by the death of an aunt, she had gone to some expense to get up the entertainment. The guests were Miss Stanley (the governess), M'Brose and his sister Jean, who had just arrived in the colony. There were two or three German neighbors who could only talk their native language, and several lads and lassies who were easily distinguishable by the peculiar sing- song affected by upjeountry natives. Lena and Myra Stanley exerted them selves to please the company, and sang several pretty duetts, while Charley and Harry Bevis, the colonials, told stories of up-country life. M'Brose and Petersen were assiduous in their attentions to Misb Wehnert, while I did my best to amuse Miss Myra Stanley. Jean M'Brose sat back in a corner of the room apparently neg lected, till Charley Bevis, noticing tbat she was a stranger, drew up bis chair to where she was sitting, and engaged her conversation. The supper was a grand success, and Petersen had ample proof (if he wished for it) that Lena Wehnert was quite an adept in the art of cuisine. It was quite early after supper was done, so we bad two or three of those romping old English gameB that fashion able society now-a-days professes to despise, but which are more enjoyable than your modern drawing-room games. Then M'Brose, at the request of Miss Wehnert, gave ns ' Old Robin Gray,' but in snch a doleful voice that every one in tbe room almost exploded with laughter. Petersen was particularly taken with the song, and made the remark that he should like to see a new version of it in wbich the lovers are more equally matched. M'Brose immediately took up Lena's guitar, and to a comical ac^ oompaniment of his own, gave us YOUNG ROBIN GRAY. ' Oh 1 the morn wa6 freBh and free When on the green hill side. Yon'ng Robin Gray asked me To be his bonny bride. Oh, will ye gang wi' me To a land beyont the sea — Where life is fall of glee, And no care shall tbee betide 1 ' I plncked the gowan sweet, And kissed it aa I spake — ' Ob, dear Rab, I needs must greet, For my heart is like to break ; But I can't bear tbat we Should ever parted be ; So I'll gladly gang wi' thee — 'Twill cure my sad heartache. ' Many years have come and gone Since those loving words were said, And the snow is settling down On my bonny Bobbin's head ; Bnt I'm very glad that we Came thegither o'er the sea ; And I hope tbat wben we dee We'll be tbegitber laid.' ' Ah, but you've left out the best verse of the lot,' 6aid Petersen, who was very smart at impromptu compositions. 'We have fine green meadow lanes, Ab far as we can see ; We have ten dear bonny bairns — Seven lads and lassies three ; And soon those lads so free — Like yon dear wife and me — Will lichteome lovers be, Upon the green hill side.' As Petersen and I rode home together in the beautiful moonlight, I could 6ee that he was much happier than he had been for weeks. ' How happy we might all be if we liked,' he said.' '' If McBrose was to have tbe pretty English governessj aud you Athel— tbe quiet, demure, ' Scotch girl, who sat in the corner and said nothing, but who, I can see, has a ' canny head ' on her shoulders, aud would make a good little wife — then all might go well.' ' Unfortunately, ' I said, ' we are all at cross purposes. Hector is as much smitten by the fair German as you are ; and Charlie Bevis seemfe to have tak£n a liking to the Scotch lassie ; while the pretty Miss Herbert would give her eyes to have 'akind word from the dashing Charlie, ^fy'or my part, it must be, to use a classical expression, ' out Myra aut nulla,' for she is the offiy giri I saw last night I care a straw about/' Peeps and I were up early in the potato field next morning. He was digging away industriously for a bit, when at last he said, 'Mister Cole, what's np with the skipper. He never seems to enjoy anything now-a-days, seems kind o' broken hearted about something or other. Why, I made one o' tbe finest hommylets the other morn ing, that ever I made, and the skipper he just took a mouthful, and then got np and walked away from the table.' He resumed his digging. Then after a while he continued, 'I do believe the captain's in love with that yaller-haired gal we met at the old German's the other day, and a w^rry nice young lady she were. I did not take any notice of the old boatswain's remarks, so he resumed : — ' I do believe that there McBrose be tryin' to cut the captain out, for when I met him the other night' on the road to Rosebank, he was talking to his sister about her. He didn't notice me, because it was rather dusk. Says he to her, 'Now Jenny, I want you and Miss Wehnert to become great friends. She is one of the nicest girls I have met since I have been in the colony.' ' I did not feel called upon to make any comments on Peeps' remarks, so after an interval of silence, he again re sumed : — ' Not as I think Mr. McBroBe 'as a ghost of a chance. She seemed to take to Mr. Petersen at first, and I wish 'em luck.' Just then Petersen came out on the the verandah and called us np to break fast. He had made the coffee himself, and there was only salt junk and cold damper for our frugal repast. After we had had our morning service, which Petersen never neglected, he called me into his room and said, ' Cole, old fel low, I want you to listen while I read this letter.' ( To he continued.) 