DEMONSTRATIONS AT GLENEG. Saturday. December 11, was intended to be a great day at Glenelg, as the opening of the yachting season was to be celebrated by a grand procession of yachts, and, in addition to this, the foundation stone ef thenewlnsatote was to be laid with imposing ceremeaits. The: clerk of the weather, however, must have been : "get at" by some enemies to the " Bay," for no sooner had. the prooeedlogi eommenoed than a heavy thunderstorm .came ?p from tike soutb>west, and the weather remained damp and comfortless throughput the whole day. The evolutions of ue yachts were for tike moat part invisible to those en shore, owing to the thlckrsin, and the laying oijthe foundation Stone of tiielnstitnto, tiionghaicoznplished, wasshorn of many ef tiie estemonies which should have. attended it The most satisfactory part of the whole proceedings was the dinner given by • Commodore Slder to the members of the j Glenelg and South Australian Yacht. Clubs, , and which was attended by nearly all the men- i hers. The banquet, which was provided by Host Moseley, of the Pier Hotel, was held in St. Peter's ttoboelroom, and appeared to be tbcrssghjr ecjoyed by Oose who had ben braving tbe perils of the deep. The churackr: of the sjeeehei was above the average, and they | were ef wource laudatory to almost an extreme degree of the noble and enjoyable sport of yachting. Ho serious aeoideat occurred, the. only casualties being the lots of the mizenof the Edith and the demolition of the flag pole of 1 the Pier Hotel, with Us bunting, by a cevere ! squall. th* ivoLnznnra. A. good programme iiad been prepared, and, had no interruption occurred, the evolutions of the Qlenelg Yacht Olab would no doubt have j been most suocessf aL At about 1 6'olook the | yachts anchored in about the following order:— j 1\. Kditfi (tton. T. Ellar, Commodore). 2. ! dygeia (Hon. W. Milne, Vios-Oommodore). 3\. |Zephyr (Mr. W. H. Bundey, Oommodore & A. Yacht Olab). 4. Xanthe (Mr. H. J. Muntoa). 5. Veetona (Captain Bickers). 6. Vivid (Mr. W. Russeli) 7. White Olsad (Mr. i W. a. lAxmoore). 8. Banehee <tfr. H. J. O'flalioran). 9 Kautllus lib. B. Taylor). 1). Sylphlde (Mr. H. Mulrhead, jun.). Toe ye^tts were all catty dressed in fcuotinf, and presented a very beautiful appearancn. The Commodore went on board his yacht, th* Kdith, at 1 o'clock precisely, and his burgee being hoisted, a start was made at about ten minutes past 1 The wind at this time was fremthe north-west, and very light, but a thick bank of steads to the westward, with frcqient j flashes ef lightning, showci that this weather J was not destined to last throughout the after- j noon f and, in fact, all the yachts wete tamely underway, whan a severe squall name on from the south-west, and quickly threw a cloak over the tiny craft, so that it was im possible to see anything for a considerable! time. When the weather cleared a little, it was found that the tianahea, the Nautilus, and the Sylphide had returned to their moorings, while the other craft were under .short rail Tne Commodore led the way, while the Hygsla and Zephyr kept their places in the procession very well, the other yachts, however, were not so auecesrfnl in keeping straight, and were distributed all over a " wild waste of waters." After a trip round the nu k the vessels returned to near the head of the jetty, wheru they sailed about for a time. Tte tidlth having anchored, the other yachts *a*kd under her stem, and gave a salute to the flag of the Oommodore, and then returned to their moorings. The whole of the proceedings were spoiled—at all events to those on shore —by the unfortunate weather, ai the rain continued to pour down during the whole of the afternooc. U.YIHG THC FJUHDAIIOH.BTOme OF TBM ntBTtTOTE \ The rain likewise interfered very materially with the ceremony of laying the fcuniatios stone of the Glenelg Institute; J>ut xbout 4 o'clock Sir Henry Avers, K.0.M.G., nceom psnied by Mr. W. B. Wigley, M.P. (Slayor U Glenelg), and the members of the Institute Committee, made their way to the bite of the building, which is close to the seawall, on tha no:th side of the jetty, and directly opposite the Pier Hotel, where a large oonoourse of peop'e had already assemb!ed, Afterformauy requesting Sir Henry Ayersto lay the stone, the Mayor asked the ton. Seeretaiy (Sir. J. I<ee) to read the document which was to be placed under the stone. This document gaie Die usual particulars with respect to the build* Ministry and the members of <J"> Qlene'g Oor* pora- Jcn, stated that the Institute Oommittee consisted of ttir By. Ajera, KG.M.G. (Presl dent), Messrs. W. B. Wigley, M.P. : (Vice- President), & A. Wright (Treasurer), J. Ue (Hen. Secretary), T. Oaterer, U. O. OasUe, W. Httchcox, W. HOI, and J. liddle. The archi tect is Ur. B. W. Wright, and Ihe oontractcr Mr. O. Miller. This document, with awirs if the JdeetUaar, Register, lantern, Po:lonian, Young Jfen'? Magazine, Biting Sum, and WMiamfa Diary and a number of the current coins of the realm, was then placed in a japanned tin box, and deposited under the stone. The contractor presented Sir Henry Ayers with a handsome stiver trowel, suitably engraved, and the stone was lowered into its pises, and declared well and truly laid. An. adjournment was then made to the balcony of thePferHoteL Sir. H. Anns said he could not congratulate them upon the weather they were expeiieneing, bo1 he could, and did, congratulate them upon the iayins. of the corner atone of the Glenelg Institute; and he could not only congratulate those who were present upon that occasion— and their presence during such weather testified to the interest they took in the soeoess of the buildings-hut he might also eongtatoJate ell the inhabitants of Glenelg and alatge poxtioa of the eolenists of South Australia ?pnn the flot that they tod ttaVday been laying the foundation stone of a building which wu des tined to bfford Instruction -and amusement to numerous visitors, as well as to their own townspeople. (Sear, hear.) This was en In teresting sight to old colonists .like himself and many others who had preceded htm, and re membered that neighborhood when it was simply in a state of nature, and he. trusted that it was not without in terest to tfcosa who had mare recently come amongst tlex. whether as visitors or calonlns, because he believed they could find there nearly, if not quite, all the advantages they could obtain at watering places in the old country. (Hear, hear.) The rite pf the building hid, he thought, been judiciously selected, for in addition to the many other advantages it would afford, he would point out that its occupants would have the benefit of the cool and refreshing sea oraesias, and they would have the opportunity of observing ill that passed on the water. Than the building would have another advantage when completed ; it would form ike chief object of attraction to those coming to South Australian. shores, and he thought it would be at least creditable to them as oolo?lats to be able to sa/that thebafldbg which first appeared in view was one de voted to the intellectual improvement of the Inhabitants of the colony, and it coald be pointed to as merely am illnrtratioe of the many similar institutions to T? found throughout the entire colony. The bufLHnr was not proposed to serve the interests of any clique. Tie Committee desired that it" benefit* should bo open to ?U, and that it should be useful to all; for in ? country like. Sooth Atu traiU, where the hours of labor wen compara tively short, ko ihonght, ?nd the Committee of Management thought, they should provide such an institution, that its benefits could be shared in by the entire community. (Hear, hear.) H?j mast not allow the opportuolty to pass without thanking those kind! friends who had subscribed *o liberally to their funds, aad he must most especially thank the ladies who had taken so much trouble In cmnec tion with the bazaar recently held in aid of the funds of the Institute — (cheers)—the proceeds of which had added so considerably to their funds; and he was sure they would all join with him In the hope that Uxe building might be speedily and successfully completed without accident or injury to any one, and that in due time it would bs finished, and that the lectures to be delivered from its platform would give bath instruction and enter tainment to all who heard them, and would give offence to none—(cheers}—and they would join him in the hope that nothing whatever would transpire thai could disturb the happl ness ?f any one, or intarfere with the harmony, good fellowship, sad peace that should always be found amongst men. (Cheers). Three cheers were then given for the Quften, and for Bir Henry Ayers, and the proceedings terminated. Toe following is* description of the building as it will appear when com pleted:— ....'? " Tne design Is Italian In style, eonnstins of a tower about 99 feet high at the south-west corner, under which is the main entrance to the building. This leads into a lobby, 4n which is the ohief entrance to the libra;, which will toe166 by 40; the Udies'library, which will be 16feetbj25; two oommifctee rooms, a chess room, hat and cloak rooms, and Corporation offices, consisting of Council Chambers, Town Clerk's room; and stain to the platform. Qver these,are the lecture room (which can be devoted also to concerts, balls, and other amusements), 78 xSO; hat and etasfc rooms, .dressing room and plat form, lobby to the main stair, aul approach to the verandah. The front next Pier- street con sisU of a handsome rusticated archwayjirader the tower, deable cuculu-headei windows, a dock face, and ornamental^jbalusiade sur mounting the chief cornice. The vestibde and olook are lighted by four oTroular-headed mul- Uened windows, and the rooms absnrewithislngle windows of a similar kind, ail'cf them fiwply recessed and ornamented with owed ?spt to ell the pins and columns. She whole Is ter minated by a massive cornice and blocking. The side next the sea has, five windows in each storey, capable of being opened, so that ventila tion to any extent may be obtrintd without draughts. The verandah as of two storeys, and is made a very oraamentEl feature, si well as premising to be a great addition to the aoeotn modatton afforded to the building. The fronts are ?U eauied ap in Glen Osmond stone, aeatly pointed withoornloesand other dressioga,4arrltd out in cement* with rusticated quoins. The in terior of Che building will be appropriately finished with handsome cornices and arohltraves. The heights of the rooms are ,14 feet for the ground fleer, and 25 feet for the top roams. The contract has been undertaken by Mr. D. Miller, builder, of GJenelg, for £4,9C0 " The land for the new building was gfyen by the Government, and abont £1,299 ton been already raised, £700 by the bum reoantly held, and £550 by private subsciiptfor/ tBMVIVSXB look place at St. Peter's Bohoolroom, which was handsomely decorated with JUgs^oie., for the occasion. About 123 gentlemen eat down to a reeharchS tepast^ provided by Host Moseley, of the Pier Hotel. The Commodore *>t tbe Glenel* Yacht Olnb (he Hon. Thoa.,Elder} presided, and wai supported on bis right by the Hon. W. Morgan (Ghief Secretary), Mt Q. C Hawker, M.P., the Hon. W. Evened, M.L.a, the Hon. A, Blyth, and Hie Him. Sir Henry Ayers, K.O.M.a; and on thejefTby tt? Hon. John Oalton (Treasurer), toe Hog. 8. J. Way, Q.O. (axtomey'Generail, the Baa. J. P. Uoueaut, Q.C. (Oommissloner of Grown Lands), the Hon. Kbenexw Ward j tfinnter of 4gricul cure and Mncation), and* Oommoaore Sindey (of the Sooth XutraHan Taco> T3ub). The vice-chair wu occupies by the Vice-Oommpdoie ot the Glentli Yacht Club (the Hon. W, ttil&e;, President of the Legislative Council), The Chubhabt gave "The (jt^eeo, 1' which toast was drunk with tnimnal honors. The OHAiBKaBT, in gifing the next senUmont, " Toe Health of His excellency tie Qavernor," said Bir Anthony Husgrave, as they ware aware, was Patron of the South Australian Yacht Olub, and in that capacity would have fee m with them on that occasion but for Mi; un avoidable absence in the country. He had reoeived a note from the Private Secretary as he came into the loom, which he woakl real, (tiie note stated that in consequence of His KxoeUe&oy;'s visit to Port JlUiot ne would he unable to attend the demonstration 1 His Fx cellenoy, ha was happy to say, was not only a sound constitutional Governor, but also iden tified himself with the viriaus interests of the colony, and lent his cauntenanje ani support to all institutions which had for their object tbe welfare, happiness, or amusement ot the p sople. The toast was drunk with musical lionoss. Mr. 6. O. HAWSJOtsald the toast he &ai; *o propose would, he knew, be oudiaily Btoaved by every gentleman present, It was— "Bosons to Yachting in South Australia." {Cheats) All of them who had been present that day, notwithstanding the ioolemeno/ of the weather, must have been surprised to see such a number of yachts, espeoiaiiy when they con sidered that five years ago not one could be seen there. If they progressed in the same ratio daring the next five years wo need not bs ashamed to compare oar yachting fljet with the yachting; fleets of any of the colonies. (Cheers). Yachting was a mahly healthy pastime, andessenUally English. He need not point out to those tantiemes vho hid taken a FB*fli?g part in this sport, such as their respected Commodore, Vioa- Comaiodote Miloe, or Commodore Bandey, the value of such a pastime, eipedaUy as a m?ana of. relaxation after the cans of political strife, which was sufficient to wear the energies of any man— (eheert) —and it was cheering to see such gentle men taking the position in regird to this sport that they had token. (Cheers.) Then was their worthy Chairman of that day; then there was the Commodore of the South Australian Yacht dub—and say wfeo had seen chat gentleman when Jhe had been burning the midnight oil over musty parchments— (laughter)—or engaged in a forensic display in one of those buildings wfaweifc was said that law and justice were .4* be foand, ?ut where common sens* was •xoladed—(laughter)— wooU nardly reoog&ise; him ?• the same mtn they ?wutha* day. (Hear, Jmsj>, ana laughter.) He hopea tint gsatieiwsi wouWbe k?g spaVedV whether U was to adv*no? Oie titimiSvuAM 1 railway over the hills -(laughter)—jr foster that*et ehild^of hu, the Murray Bridge— (laughter)— to enjoy his favorite sport. (Cheers.) But there were others present; there wu one, the Bon of • sailor, whabe pro. elivities took that direction—(eheen)-~4n<f ha aeed mot tell them of the snooessfnl attempt* made by the Premier of this colony, the hen. Commissioner of Grown Lan%, daring el heavy* gale of wind-{Ua<hter)-tte suwessful at. tempts he made to put the jnslls on board the mail steamer. (Laughter and chew.) There was no **nt of deter, ntfnatlon—no want of tumr then, and tnere was ao doabt that the hon. gemlemee. would hare been successful if the wfafdsand the waves had not bean against Mm* <Hreoia* sts?Ms were, however, against him, ?ad failure having ensued on the attempt jfcopat file malison board by a jbjUib, reboots* was ?b&gfe34o; be haft to a female, and instead of their te&sV;*t on bawd bjrtKW?on. Mr. Bsueaat, the* were put ?n board bythe F?ir Ueaaor.~lL*afehter.> o^genHemenoshongsttSawbi hadjataednotoriety on ib^ooeenWaose names to need net mention. They all knew <t a* Mr. Milne wu a thorough sriior--~feh*ers}--every toon ? sailor. He pawossea % yaohtinflteso waters buUt at fort Adelaide whteh mold j? *W ?ot s?ne with ths method adopted by that turn. gentlemen of CflMssk the strength ef bJs fttaft. (Unghte^FTS they were aware, kartng nted ? *? ? ram— (laaght?)-?d •ndeevend to stak?*e of the toasting enft, tie retornsd to harbor with not •*^S ¥£*£' nA ***t*Wi*m* the •trengthofhl?b?at,h%wasnotdeslto?sofany urther trial in the matter. (taqgMuM But to b. wrioos, hetaew that ?!er*l££^fie! men prewar* who-did not oeofine ftfiessKlves to ?i??alf, bmt exposed *bsmm*miia* their boats to the gates ?f the g—Owrn -Oesan. i*|^*srt tfaftoln, Tlrtor &ri;?r,islX port* at greater dJst.Boe, and he mOt* a?zeed that the sport of yashting was a mo?U)?nd good one. (Cheers.) It gro reliance, ready neearee, and preteooa of mind that were invaluable, while it brought out aU tbow note nrnlr qualitiei sad that ?ontempt vf danger wbidi were so characteristic of the British sailor. (Loud cheers.) He was sure there was no necessity to say anything further on behalf of the toas to ensure it a hearty reception in South Australia. (Cheers.) He would there- fore simply propose the toast, and would beg leave to couple it with the name of Vice- Commodore Milne. The sentiment was drunk witn enthusiastic cheering. The ytoavO?&tSK;&w;, whs was reodred with loud cheers, responded, He Ms that when they ljokedrbmrfttut room, and *aw tfso the ffluaifitraoewMAhad teei ?qdaf?d w, tbdr worthy ?stertainer, Wey Would b* ?ise satis fiel that yaehtiag wi? ettabUsbed in ?hand' some and tabttaottal ttanner in Svmtii Ans. toalia. Be wai proaJto ?cc mi, besanse he heartily agreed wttaaU that hadb?rti sail by the hon. Rtsntlemaa wbo h?d ptop&& ib* toast, and healftgttteg anratemJEnts ??t * man oou^dacMpfc Wiehoa. f j?Brtfe?H?whofcadia*t sit down hsd had a Uttle foo at bis (Ac Tioe- CmalnnMrtJexpeiMe, because ? IMWtSmnptto tun down a steamer. (Laughter.) VKKtwas a ?nbjeot apon wMeh bXluf^*^!^ ftltrery ?ore-(UuB%,teT)-and n? ?leXil'H ?la?*o bury it. fa ?W?fon, f£*qghter) Be ptwiiiisuil he woald net do sack * thing fcgsia 4f ke oould Msstblyarjiait. lL? e ht?, and lwar, bow.) Batia^speftklDg of yaehling here sudtnasac c m wUhlfhad M tended tt, ht sl?nU?ot forget that the g^ntlsmast who gave tttese?tittwt was the son of a worthy naW^rta ybtr flisn nn iilslmwl hhnseM In the Brlttah navy (eiteiaD'-and if ?tere waa ? ttaa |?,?rac]i-£n%tU who omght to have • yatl^lt nTuv bawker \--<load?lMen}-?nd b*H?m#^ait? sWA, know ing the fonteMv wHsh that g?tHrtasnliad for seafaring natters, that # wSat? liaf he very !?? before Jbey would m him Jain thrfr Olnd wU* ? handMWe yacht. (Oheen.) -Hs hoped this wtmidbfr?Orfand he was im ?haf gen¥e teas would w? a freat aoqoisiiiaatotheChb, Taerrfwssno qaaHfatfCtt that the gen?smsa from ??* South A?*paaHm Yacht Olufe lafg^y preponderated ?h?f day/ There was no Vonbc *h*t ibat wu a rnaon larger Olub. andwlUirefifrdto their ow^Cnmb 4bey hid to look oul <for sqoalls ooWktoDftlly. (Lsagfater.) His *dend Mr. Msnlonhad had a few trials in tUs way. {Bear, heat) He was smrprlsed at tfe?t gentleman havhtg got his yinht off ttrt. beioh 4n ?nic for the sports th*f 4*y, and he greftHf Mmtni the energr anst^iaok he had ahow& (Oheew.) Thelaot th?* ih, had reoerred ??e or no d-ra gi showed ihat his yadht was* very faith f olly-buat veawL Behope?thlt#o?idfaeae tat of suoh mUfaaps, besanse, bar&gdnown; aU ihrongfa so ntwdh spirit And enterprise, ho deserved all the saooess whioh ?o?1d potsibly attend him. He^-lwped aU? that although Trrnrjtiilntrhsfllinfislismprifllij llm wipll I IB | day, it would nM put * damper sn?B spirits of those is&Kiie;* in yMhtttg. <Sstf, hear.) H> tnwted that before long ?heY would add many more vessels to their flset. CNE wane, in speaking of sodoni jfco yaehMng ttiey were spsakingof saooess to &eim;&itimt;*ii!M*m was no drabt thatin * a?t dlfca*e!ifce tfifa, where the Wevther was- so reUxbn. -there was notbloc bettor f?rhedth?pta^s*afaw?<? [ebees)—end nothing woald enatle aaen to [siftl their brttss bi^b?^r?hana??aaasional holldajon the water. jCnests,} He thanked Him for the oMnpnment^ti?ey hft? t> id him Yttdfor the kindly fedfag fa whloh they had anown yaenting wu rezudea, sM betoosUd tin sport would go onand proapir.^ fOSieom.) Sir Hxs&T; lti& m& Ik ?9Bl4;:?ir?8ly he expeefed that he Jm^%Si jurj 'ftW&y; in his remaikt on the ?Wnj^iMt ,4btiVftMU> Mi? in speaker* had addresked ttemsetVes Mtthis at some length. Be would &erefor;? fimit his observations to (he sabjaet In >arttoalar, whish was "Suoobm *o the Sooth Anstralun Taoht CWh* and with tha^ genfiment he would couple Hie name -of its respeetod • Ooatmodore, OonunsdJte Bnndey. {Load ehesea^) He quite agrasa with ?U ihat had been said as to ih? advantages "of ya^atmg in geaerai, bat he thought with, regaia to the Sauth Aiutaalian Yacht CHub, there was a spectsl interest, mhkh. in his dpiald? gave it aidiUonai value'to tte .oommnnUy. Here. ferred to what he i^slerstood to faetihe ease, that infoy of. the yach*a of Cha| Olab wer* tfff?^tHsatlfsftfl Mid WO&^LWff. pWIUSBH fM own eeew. There w<i| 3 ma|y advantages by , sash an anangemanF—fins/ hy oombmlng together, the oast was IlmlteS, and to aiJ persons of moderate msaas fids was a serious ftftTiiflffatf^*l! hooaase althoagh he was s^ad \o see large yachts manaefl by profntsianal crews, he thought there were,?pbbial advantages to those worked by tneowneztns&ltowm; ??, They had tfojtdvaufcage ?f a maaly tsisaapaSion $ they had the moans of "^^ffg f^? j[ft?. and* y^aht was* i*od school of discipline jf?rsteady, mauly work, and the ttabdng added to a maa's salf- celiaoos and JB/twpmwimo? of obaraetsr. (Oheers.) Bat, in addition to this, cheysohta. men acqairea a great deal of nantieil know> ledge, whish might be very nssJEol in time of seed. ((Steers.) Any pnewhoJknswOommo* dore?undsyknewtiiathe ?a4l?lpei to esta blish, that oharaoteriatie in. the fl<?|?th Ans traUan Yacht Olnb. ((Hksen.l -Ho matter what the enterprise was, the^alukg spirit mast have a oartain amount ti oanifswiets, and if he had a dash of entngshsm' m *a?ach the better. ((Aeers.) Xvarj one who knew Mr. Bnndey knew Oat whatefir'he nnder* took he undertook with thayejnjth .wfweitn?ss. He had shown this anwiiMtsajy'ai what he bad done for yaehsng, ejjd haVaonghf Mr. Bandey was e&dtUd; ealled JOe ISther of iwight he pardoned, perhaps-for*ondlng totiie Yacht Olab of QUnejg,,*m|Twarn ajmpa? shised with the eiarwiskiss Ifis Hoe^Ocm modore (the Bon, at^. MUne). whan he *TM*lrff of the pluok wfakn: aad bean ezhipfi by Mr. Mnnton. lOhseDL) Hehadaeenandtccrettod the disanytil oendition of . that^gonttemans yacht, and he though! aotjbirjg jj&fil; exceed ?rotldna f*i mhp previous -sjjght so n£ihe *vnt &HW;^. w^ *?,to in the sroluttwi ?*t nwh * p<*f -%Bft cftikp??|n#?osttioa. He would venture, as a landsman, with all respect, to suggest that the two Cluls should be rolled into one. (Cheers.) He thought by uniting the two a strong Olub would be obtained, and they would do away with any. thing like the feeling of rivalry which otherwise might possibly exist. He should be glad to see ibu suggestion carried out. He quite agreed with all that had already been Bald about Commodore Bundey, and he hoped that gentle man would be long spared In health and rigor to stimulate the members of that Club to pursue : their noble and manly amusement. (Cheers.) He gave—"Success to the South Australian Yaoht Olub, with long Ufa and prosperity to its noble Commodore." The toast was drank with, the most eftthu alastte cheering. Mr. Comhodob* Bmnnrr responded. He thought it was usual on occasions of thfe de etiption that polities should be strictly ex. eluded, and when he heard his valued friend, Mr. Hawker* make {an attack on him of a very serious nature, he felt his temper rising- (laughter)—and thought it possible that a irordy combat might ensue. (Laughter.) Mr. Hawker had been bitting oot all round, like Greek fire, •n every side. (Laughter.) He did net think \- that* fitting oooation to enter into ? discussion , on Ike subject that gentleman referred tj?. If ha were in Parliament, he would not miqd do bating the question—flausbter)-but he was out of that now. He had bean there, and still would go—(laughter)—and perhaps when he did he would take an opportunity of defending that policy which Mr. Hawker bad humor o?s)y condemned. (Laughter, and bear, lear.) He thought the YioerOommodore had h t the ?-. right aall. on the head when he bad ssif that Mr. Hawker should have a yaoht of his Awn— o (hear, hear)—and be hoped before soothe1 • year was over they would see that gentleman with a yseht worthy it his name. (Cheers) Mr. Hawker was a true British sailor at heart, and that was what they wanted. (Bear, hear.) He was sure he expressed the feelings of all the members of the South Australian Yaoht Club on that ooeasien when he returned them bis thanks, bis very hearty thanks, for the way the toast bad been proposed, and the way it bad been received. It had afforded then* unmixed satisfaction to meet the.Gleuelg Club in the same spirit that they had shown towards them. Hedid not attempt to disguise the fact that a short time ago there was a slight heartburning between the two (Hubs. The spirit that the Glenelg dub had manifested towards tfcefeouth Australian (Hub had, however, removed Wholly \-- and absolutely anything of this kind, and it was a pleasure for the members of the Club of which he was Commodore to be present on that i"Mtifr"t to show their respect for the Glenelg Club, and to assure its members that they wished it to progress, as they believed it would do. (Cheers.) Were it oot tfeat time pressed, \- , and many of them w#s? anxious togeAJbtck te the Port Biver that night, he would occupy a Lacer space in addressing them on the subject ot yachting. Much that had been said by Met Hawker—apparently in joko, but really be believed in earnest—and .Sir Henry . Ayen and Vioe-Oommodere Milne, - only 'welt to .-shew one-half of the pleasure , and jMnefit to be derived from yachting. He knew from actual and positive experience that :be attended to, and, at the same time, real hearty pleasure could be enjoyed. A ?-' man could reguute his business oonoarns so at ? to be able, to reap the full btnefit of yachting ecerdae, and, what was more, Iw was far more fit to oomdust that business. He knew from hts owtt>experienee that he was able to go through m*? sfotk if he got kerne fresh air every week or two than when he was confined to bis office fcr a long petted. And ink was not bit own experieMe alone; he oould refer, as be did at tiw Jlonoheon of <ha South Australian Yaoht Club a* Port Adelaide, .to the Chief Justice of England, whose brain was taxed to, such, a wearying extent in the unparalleled Tichborae trial, aud whose fraotioa was, on every avaflable opportunity, l? rernsnhlmMlf by a yaohtung excursion. And ,- there was nothing better for any m?a who wiihea to lead a manly life ikan to, spend hit time on the water; and there was nothing what ; .ever in It to in jura bis character. Some asked ; how could a man, if be had a yacht, attend to hisbosinma; The course was to so regulate th? business that it did not interfere with the pleasure. Wealth alone would not make a man happy. A nunsemetimes set bis heart on acquiring a certain .sum to go and enjoy j kimseu. He might auks a mistake, and while acquiriog the amount, be unable to j •Djjy it (Hear, hear.) While he knew of! no more manly amusemsut than .yachting, fie i knewvof no more unselfiah sport None, of th?, members of the Yaoht Clubs would care about i going away in bis yacht alone, be would much prefer to bare some one with him. (Hear,] bear.) They had as food feeling in their Clubs as obtained anvwhee?, and although they had not the special advantages that some Clubs enjoyed in land-locked harbors knd so on, there was an immense amount of pleasure to be cot in thi* gulf and the other one— me had sailing and fishing, and if a naturalist, he would nail that which would amuse him for hour after hour. All lie wanted was ia good -beamy boat, not an expensiva craft; hedidnbt ; want a racing boat, but a good beamy craft.: 33te Him. Sir Henry Aycxs was right ia bis st&tomeat; that a large number v of the y&ehfci; men of the Port worked tatlr own crafts, and to the artisans at Pott Adelaide was the credit due for establishing the South Australian Yacht Club. He came in after it was started, and hg claimsd this only, that having joinedJma Ohib he did hii best to nuke' it successful., {Cheers.) He thanked them very Blaoerelyttaqtlw toast, and for the honor they had done aim personally. He had a much i more pleasing duty to "perform now, and that was to propose the "Health of the worthy Osnunodore of the Gtaielg Yacht Olub, Mr. Commodore Bidet." (Cheers.) He knew it was only necesssry to mention this toast to secure for it hearty accbunatiens. (Cheers.) It was always difficult to speak of a man's merits before his face. It wasmach more difficult than simply sitting down quietly ard talking over a man's character in liv absence. But actions •poke louder than words, and when he recalled! to their minds a few of Mr. Elder's acts he thought as a matter of duty they weuld be bound, as South Austnliaiu, to drink his < health heartily. They all knew that some who drew immense revenues from this colony went elsewhere to spend them, allowing us to shift for ourselves. That was not the ease with Mr. Elder. (Cheers.) He had not only ships on the sea, but he was the first gentleman in south Australia to intioduee the ships of the desert, and through the assistance of these the exploration of South Australia had been bene '^irted to a very great extent. Bat not content with developing the material resources of the ooontry, Mr. Elder felt himself bound to assist the Intellectual development of the country, " snot accordingly he cams -down with aitand some donation to tha- Adelaide University ,?' worttiy of imitstioa. {Oieer*;) Jftext they found him on the racecourse, supporting that manly sport,' and text they found him sup porting by his presence and purse that moet manly of all sports, yachting. Tkit was sot the language of flitteiy, it was truth. (Hew, . hear) Tin gentleman who v? present that day, and-whom they deUglted to honor, had set *n example worthy of imitation. He min siding in the colony—spending; bis money for th? physidal and intellectual development of the country—and he asked them to drink his xeiltii in bumpers. : ' The toast was drunk with lend cheers and " musical honors, \- TneCHAIBVAS in responding, said he was a ??sistent aivoeite of short speeches, and should adhere to the rule on that conation, ffcwHes, it was not every one who had the faculty of making long speeches that were worth listening to. (Laughter.) By the last mall be reosived a letter from* yachting friend in Eng land, an old South Australian, and well known to many present, in which after describing the number ?f regattas he bad attended, and the pleasure he had derived from taking part in some of then, he went on to ?y, **i bad n? Idea a yacht race was so entttSjV It fa the noMert •port ftat foglishm*n ?aa engage in, aa H Wngs eat tiw eurgr ?b4 twpadty of • man toat bone-raci?g can never di." (Qeajr, hear, and Unghter.) It would. perhaps, be difficult to get the genuine loveis of the turf to entirely agree with this; but although he had no desire to assert that oontaot with horseflesh injured the moral tone of a man, he thought that yachting was a more htalthy and exhilarating pursuit, aud was free from those objaotionable features that rendered horse-racing lest popular than it otherwise would be, and less liable to those abuses that they condemned and deplored, but could not altogether prevent. (Cheers.) Ho was happy to say that the Glenelg Yacht Club was in a muni and healthy condition, number ing no less than 92 effective members. He did not mean that many of the members possessed yachts of their own, because—as all k-.ew—the Club was yet In its infancy; but all the mem bers were anxious to bek? the dub, and to add to its success by contributing to its funds. (Cheers.) He desired to think them most sin cerely forthe handsome way they bad responded to the toast given by his kind friend Mr. Bundey. If there was one thing which gratified htm mere thin Another that day it was -tHe large number of yachtsmen and yachts which had' assembled to take part in their festivities, because It showed *he kindly feeling which existed between the two Clubs. He wished now to propose a toast, which bad been inadvertently left out of the list, that was "The Health of His Worship the Mayor of Glenelg." (Cheers.) Mr. WigUy, as many of them knew, was the Honorary secre tary of tiw Glenelg Yacht dub, and he knew that he was an cfiobnt Secretary in every {sense of the word. (Cheers) To bis unwearied exer tions they were mainly indebted for the success of that afternoon; and, personally—and he meant to use no conventional phrase—h? felt more Indebted to Mr. Wlgley than words cou'd express fertile service* he him rendered him on thatoooaston. The toast having been heartily drank, , Mr. WigTjST, R.P., responded. He said he was suffering from a cold, and his remarks would be brief. He could not, however, but thank them and Commodore rider for the kindness shewn him for the very little he had done towards promoting yachting iv South Austra ia. He was very much strnok with Sir Henry Ayers*s suggestion as to amalgamation, and he believed, if this could be carried out, they would make a Ohtb wh?ch would be second to none In the Australian colonies. (Cheers) Se believed that then th?y would have among them gentlemen t>f -wealth, and gentleman eo fond of the ses, that they -would do everything in their power to push forward yachting; but while they were divided they would never stake the show which would be secured by their amalgamation. Commodore Elder in Inviting the other Yacht Club to the dinner that day had done mwh towards promoting that kind feeling-which should, exist between the two Clubs. (Hear, hear.} Zt was unfortunate that it was a wet day, but he glad to see that nearly every member of the South Australian Yacht Olub was present, and he hoped, seen friendly meetings would be continued in fjatare years. {Oheen.) In humorous terms Mr. Wiqixt then pro posed "The Ladies." The toast was drunk with enthusiasm, and The Hon. 8. J. Wat, Q C, in happy terms responded, quite agreeing with what Mr. Wtgley had said, as to the excellent qualities of the fairest and most beautiful part of Creation, and saying that however far the Ziphyr might cany the Sdith in search of Hygdft, nowhere would be found more amiable, beautiful, or lovable fatain than the ladies of South Australia. (Cheers). Tie Hen. A. BttTH, M.P,, in some brief remarks, and in the absence of Mr. Jasttoe Stow, e*ve " The Visitors." Dr. SHBLma, in a few words, responded. Mr. Whahau Towssero. M.P., gave "The Press," Mating that in his belief, and he had been many yean In the colony, and had been criticised sometimes rather roughly by the newspapers, the Press of South Australia was incorrupt in word er thought; and knowing the reporters especially, he affirmed that they were gentitnun, and were inespable of being corrupted. (Cheers.)' Mr. Wm. fiascos, J.P., responded, saying that from an acquaintance with both the daily newspapers, having been on the staff of each, he oould affirm that tk? conduct of the papen oould not be ififiuencdd by personal motives; and any one-who might say the contrary would be guilty of untruth. (Oheen.) Cheers were then given for the entertainer of those present (Commodore Elder), for Vice- Commodore Milne, Commodore Bondey, Mr. Wigley, and Mr. Munton, and the oompany separated. - - 