SECEDERS NOT CONVERTS. Although the aid of a microscope is necessary to reveal to the eye much which would without its assistance lie hid from our observation, it does not follow that knowledge thus acquired of things so minute is of no value ; in forming a judgment of the greater, some acquaintance of the less is indispensable. The habit of invest- ing with importance things simply because they wear an air of greatness is not an uncommon one, and very apt to lead us to err in another direction by overlooking others because of their apparent insignificance. The greatest of teachers thought it not beneath the majesty of His character to allude to the sparrow, the lily, and the mustard seed, in illustrating some of his lessons. As with things so with persons, some, although strangers to fame, by the transparency of their characters, are almost the embodiment of in- tegrity and truth ; others may occupy eminent positions in the Church or State and yet be as destitute of those virtues as if there were no such things, and after earning university distinctions, and become loaded with its honours, leave its precincts strangers to that simple kind of Christi- anity known and practised by the fishermen of Gallilee. The change of opinion may be little short of a duty, those who prefer the ceremony of emersion may ultimately harmonise in their opinions with those who believe, in sprinkling a sign equally valid, and the simple worship of the Wesleyan advance nearer, to the ritual of the Establishment, and vice versa ; all may bow in one temple, and sit in fellowship at one table. It is otherwise. with Popery ; a Christianity, founded solely on the Bible cannot have fellow- ship with a spurious one— one which rejects its teachings. This is very clearly stated by one who had drank from the very fountain of truth, whose whole life seems to have run in one deep groove of love, when referring to those who pro- fess to be Christians, says of such, "He that keepeth not His commandments is a liar, and the truth is not in him." ' No apology, there- fore, is needed in asserting it as an apostolic dogma that no one who accepts the doctrines held by the Church of Rome can be a Bible Christian. To serve God and Baal, Christ and the Pope, are impossibilities. "Ye cannot serve God and mammon." The chief actors in the attempt to Romanise the Anglican Church were the writers of the "Tracts for the Times," and the method they adopted to proselytise had such an air of Jesuitry attending it as to stamp the whole career of these men as the negation of truth. The lie acted may be productive of greater evil than the lie spoken, and a whole life of falsehood sheds no lustre around a man's labours, nor is likely to be of service in the cause of truth ; and if the seeming perversions to Rome were subjected to a microscopic examination, and the smaller incidents which surround them permitted to have their share in forming a judgment, it would perhaps be found there were few honest ones, too small a number to constitute any consider- able gain to that corporation, and must produce in the minds of these men something more than disappointment at the result of their chicanery. The opinion of those who have made physignomy their study is, that it supplies a pretty accurate index to the character, and names do not seldom furnish a guide to the nationality, the creed, and thus the religious character of the owners. Were the scorpion and the canary to exchange names, the song of one and the venom of the other would neither be transferred or forgotten, nor can the base or the offensive in character, or the true and beautiful in nature, in art, change their conditions by transposition of either locality or time. The names of Newman, Pusey, Man- ning, Faber, and Froude are well known in con- nection with the movement Romeward; and must be inseparably identified with what is con- veyed by the terms hypocrisy, deceit, and re- ligious dishonesty, and will in future ecclesiasti- cal history find the place such infamy merits. It is too much the fashion to give these men credit for virtues which should require no com- mendation, and losing sight of the fact these qualities are just those which they themselves have undertaken to be the exemplars and guardians, and omitting to exhibit their true characters. The Jesuit, it is well known, can accommodate his conscience to any creed ; this is unwittingly admitted by one of themselves, the historian of the Jesuit missions in India, who says, "They had so nearly adopted the garb, the food, and the customs of the idolaters they went to convert as to make it difficult to say whether they had become Brahmins, or the Brahmins had become Catholic ;" and what was done in India has been repeated at Oxford, when they could not succeed in setting their kaleido- scope so as to assimilate Protestantism they, by the art of adulteration, brought their diluted Protestantism to the consistence of Popery, and thus made it appear to such as paid more regard to the sound than to the sense of it, a matter of taste rather than conscience which creed to adopt. Each of these Oxonians had their ap- pointed work, and as celibacy was no barrier to any position in the English Church, they were eligible to fill any chair to which they might be elected, but the social ties which matrimony create not being recognised by that of Rome, and these all being free from that un-priestlike bond they could assume in the Romish hierarchy the place to which they rightly belonged. A few events concerning each of these men may, perhaps, serve to show their ideas were not at any time of that type which characterises true Protestants, and as some of these events occurred many years previous to the issue of the "Tracts," it will, when contrasting what they now are with what they formerly professed to be, show how the leaven of Popery worked. One of these agents of Rome, when alluding to the Romish saints, said, " Enlighten them (the Protestants) by exalting our holy fathers as the representatives of the Apostles and angels of the Church. . . Your trumpery principles about the Scriptures being the sole rule in fundamentals — I nauseate the word." In the year 1822 Faber was requested to preach on be- half of "Irish Missions," and in his discourse said, "The want of success on the part of Pro- testant Missions is because an honour reserved for others neither can or will be conferred on us," and in support of this theory, pointed to the absence of any "national conversions." The idea of national as opposed to individual conversions could only spring from a mind heated by Popery. Such events can only be found, if found anywhere, in Popish annals, and suggest the idea of taking possession of a country by cannon and sword, and converting its people by means of the faggot and the rack. The history of Mexico, Peru, parts of India and Africa, and more recently the attempt in Tahiti, may supply some illustration of national con- versions. Despite the prediction of Father Faber, Protestant Missions have since that day extended their operations, and with remarkable success, and their motto is still," Onward;" the prophetic character, therefore, of this Oxford Papist is clearly balanced by the sincerity of his religious character, and whoever is disposed to regard this man as once a sincere Protestant may accept both at whatever value they please. In a work called, "The Church of the Fathers," written by Newman, but published anonymously, the fathers are put on a par with Apostles and Prophets. "In this work," says his reviewer, "he divides the workers into two classes, the bold and zealous, and those who in retirement, seek to serve the cause of truth." — (? church.) Amongst the former he has associated the Apostle Paul and Hildebrand ! in the latter, the Prophet Jeremiah and Archbishop Laud ! "One wept for the slain of the daughters of his people," the other thanked God he had been permitted to condemn to mutilation, and con- sign to prison, the excellent Leighton. Judge Jeffriess and Laud make a better match, what the infamous judge was in the civil court the presecuting cleric was in the spiritual, and both a disgrace to their cloth and to humanity. Such a comparison discovers the desire to drag down to the level of Popish intriguers those "who spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." This author also gives preference to that page of ecclesiastical history as being most acceptable to his notions of Chistianity, which made the near- est approach to Rome — that of the "king and martyr," and confesses his belief in the miracles attributed to the Romish Church, and of the legality of its resistance to the State, all of which so thoroughly accord with the present attitude of the Papacy as to raise the question how he could, at a time when the Papal powers were outwardly quiescent, hit upon or anticipate by nearly forty years the present policy of Rome, unless he was behind the curtains. The narratives of the Romish saints are, in his estimation, as trustworthy as those recorded in Scripture. The legend of the restoration of the blind butcher of Milan, by touching the shroud that covered two exhumed skeletons, he considers as likely as that recorded in thirteenth chapter of the Second Book of Kings. Let him speak for himself. "If the bones of Elisha re- stored to life a dead man, I know of no antece- dent reason why those of Gervesaus and Pro- tasius should not do the same." It is a great strain upon credulity to believe this man ever to have been a Protestant. The opinion of the reviewer already quoted is, that he is the most truthful and sincere of all his compeers, but as it require a Jesuit to judge one of his order those - virtues may be but a proof that he excels in those higher attributes of that science. It seems almost incredible that so recent a convert from a creed that rejects all traditions in matters of faith, and all decrees not founded on the Word of God, should, in so few years, attain to such an altitude in the Romish Church as Manning has. Such a show of confidence on the part ot Rome is eloquent with suspicion. The know- ledge which he possesses of Papal laws, dogmas, and decrees, and his ability in expounding them, affords some evidence that his connection with Rome has a date anterior to his exodus from the reformed Church. Dr. Pusey, when alluding to the Church of Rome, says, "They have the advantage of an- instrument which, is in the first place, suited to human nature, and next, is a special gift of charity, and therefore has a special blessing with it. . . . A sigh arises in the thoughtful mind to think that we are separated." And when re- ferring to the events which removed a Papist from the British Throne, and placed a Protest- ant thereon, calls it "the sin of 1688." He sighs for Rome, is indeed home-sick, yet prefers to remain in the Anglican Church as a kind of wet-nurse to Popery, or else the weight of his emoluments, are too heavy for him to swim the Tiber. Integrity and truthfulness are either unknown to him, or lightly esteemed, and by what process he or any of his followers can be considered Protestants, they alone can tell. And what makes their Romish nativity more apparent is, they place little or no authority upon the Scriptures. Dr. Manning, in his re- plies to Mr. Gladstone, Lords Camoys and Acton, and to the writer in Macmilian's Magazine, never once refers to them in support of his posi- tion or that of the Popes. Now, had these men accepted, as all Protestants do, the maxim of Chillingworth, they never would have sur- rendered if for human tradition — the thing is impossible. The smaller fry who have made themselves more notoriously popular by their nearer, ap- proach to the perjured criminal — Mackonochie, ,, King, Bennett, Oakeley, Purchase, and Powell — are also celebates, so that if the act regulating public worship should press too heavily upon them, there will be no such stumbling-block as a wife and family to hinder their promotion in the Romish camp. The last named of these men ought not, per- haps, to be mentioned, as he has been dead some years, and in Hackney churchyard may be seen a stone in the form of a cross the whole length and breadth of his grave, with the Popish insigna in mediæval character. A namesake of the first, and most known of these men, was an intimate friend of the late Archdeacon McEncroe, and as the name was not a common one, indeed, is a very uncommon one, we may be forgiven if we err in believing it possible, or even probable, that they were as nearly allied in blood as in creed, or that the Archdeacon and his bosom friend were privy to the "pious fraud of the younger Mackonochie putting on the garb of a Protestant and entering the English Church, and thus draw from her own treasury material for her overthrow." It certainly requires a great amount of charity to believe these men were ever any other than emissaries of Rome — Jesuits — as no one not deeply tainted with its spirit could violate the rubric of the Church to whose articles they had subscribed, and whose form of worship they had sworn to maintain. Men who in disregard of such obligations intro- duce into its service coloured cassocks, stoles, albes, chasubles, painted banners, jewelled crucifixes, the crescent, lighted candles and tapers, and incense, were never Protestants. It would be as reasonable to believe the tiger which now roars in the jungles of India was once a domestic cat purring on some hearth-rug as to believe that these men were ever true Protest- ants. Each of these men have a melody of their own; but all are tuned by the key which is at the Vatican. Faber tells us that Protestants mistake their duty because they misunderstand the Scriptures. Newman resusitates the old fathers, and furbishes up their miraculous deeds and marshalls them in pairs with prophets and apostles. Pusey tells us the Great Head of the Church, out of consideration for the Pope and his dear children, has granted to Popery special graces ; and Froude says he hates the word Pro- testant, and feels disgusted at the bare idea of any one corrupting the authority of Scripture to the exclusion of Romish tradition. Oh the occasion of opening a Romish Church in one of the Midland Counties a few months ago, the officiating bishop laid great stress upon tne necessity of vigilance being employed by parents, as well as by the Church, in respect of the kind of books admitted into families. The "index expurgatory," therefore, is no dead letter with the Romish Church in England, and as one of the witnesses at the Tichbourne trial stated that the real "Sir Roger," just before he left England, presented her "with a copy of Father Faber's Hymns," it looks as if the author was favourably known to the religious advisers of the families. Now, if these facts are viewed by the light which history and experience shed upon Popish tactics, it will be clearly seen that no method is too insignificant, and no deed too nefarious, which the end will not justify, and quite in keeping with Dr. Manning's remarks, "Rome has in England an imperial race to sub- due, and no means must be neglected to accom- plish it." Through falsehood these men obtained admit- tance into a Protestant University when the doors of its colleges were closed against Papists ; under the clothing of sheep they entered the fold; they sowed tares amongst the wheat with the view to choke its growth, they were joint writers of the "Tracts, thus all rowing in one boat; and have, with one exception, anchored in one port — Rome. The "Church in Smyrna" had those in its communion who "said they were Jews, but were not, but the synagogue of Satan." Deception and hypocrisy, therefore, in the Church is no new thing, being coeval with its history. To say these men are converts to Popery is a mistake; that they have seceded, which means withdrawn, is true enough, but a seceder and a convert are two distinct terms. and represent different things. J. C. . 