The late Sir William Jardine. In Sir Willinm Jardino, whoso death was an nounced yestorday, Scotland hns lost nn om- inont son, ono who through n long life set a bright example, with many temptations to tho contrary, of tlint class of mon " who scorn de lights and live laborious days." Ho was the sixth baronot of Appiogirth, but tbo hoir of a family much moro ancient than tho baronetcy, which was created in 1672. Ho was tlio son of tho fifth Iinronot, to whom ho sucoeodcd in 1821, by the daughter of Thomas AInulo, Esq., tlio representative of the Earls of street, Edinburgh, in 1800, and married in 1820 a daughter of Air. Daniel Liznrs, Edin burgh. Iu 1871 he married a second timo tho daughter of tho Rov. \V. S. Symonds, Rector of l'ondook, Worcestershire, a distinguished geologist. Sir William wns educated at tho University of Edinburgh, and early in life evinced a do- cidcd taste fur scientific pursuits, especially iu Nutiiral History in all its varied branches ; and this tnsto wns maintained to tho closo of an nctivo nnd cnergctio life. Ho was a good botanist nnd goolotrist ; but liis chief strength lay in his knowlodgo of animals, nnd especially of birds. Ho was a koon sportsman, and muoh of bin information wns acquired iu tlie fiold and by the river side— for tlio sportsman was nl- wnys subsidiary to tho naturalist. He wns equally ready in tho study. IIo could bring down a bird, write n most accurate description of it, draw it nnd engrave tlio drawing, and tlion stuff tlio skin in tbo most workmnn-liko manner. His museum at Jardino Hull forms ono of tho fin»st and most valunblo private col lections in Britain. IIo was as indefatigable ns an author as an observer, und tho list of his own works anil thoso whioii lio edited shows tho life of untiring cnorgy ho led w/®8 ATBGMM/' "rcsfA'lm toXntting part in tho public business of tho county ; and lio was especially active during tho provalcnco of tho cnttlo plnguo there. On ono occnBion ho enmo forward as Consorvntivo enndidato for tho representation of that county in Pari n- ment, but retired before tbo day of election. Sir Willinm was appointed a Doputy-Lieu- tenant of Dumfriesshire in 1841. Ho wns ono of tho Commissioners appointed to investigate tho salmon fisheries in 18G0. Ho was in his own spcoial branches n valunblo member of tho British Association for tho Advancement of Science, an advnncomont to which tho greater part of his life wns dedicated. Ho wns prcsidont from its foundation of tho Dumfries nnd Gallo way Natural History nnd Antiquarian Society, to whioh ho contributed various admirable papers. Nntural History wns bis fnvouritc pursuit, but ho had a loving sido to tho researelios of tho antiquary, ns well boenmo the laid of Spodlins Castle — tho old Border baronial tower whioh looks down upon tho comxinrativoly motlorn mansion of Jardine Hall from tho opposite bmik of tlio " Annan wator wan" — a cnstlo drawn by Grose, wlio toll tho strnngo story of the ghost by whioli it was haunted. In sooinl life Sir ivillinm Jardoiio was most goninl ; nil his woight of learning Sat lightly upon him, and tlio smile which lighted up liis face was aa swoot ns it wns frquent. Ho is succeeded by his eldest sou Alexander. — The Scotsman. 