NEWS OF THE DAY. Owing to the mode in wbieli tho Premier of New South Wales worded his advertise- ment calling for tenders foi locomotives to be made " within the colony," no tender was, ss might have been expected, sent iu by any firm in Victoria. But the singular psrt of tho mutter is that no tender was for warded by any of the large establishments of Now South Wales we hear so much about, notwithstanding that tenders were called for their special benefit. 1 1 appears from our Sydney telegram, published in another column, that only one tender was sent in, and that was from an English firm. The steamer Sumatra, taking the present month's mails for India, China and Europe, left her berth at the Graving Dock Pier yes terday afternoon shortly after two o'clock, taking, in addition to other cargo, 44 boxes of gold, containing 58,250 oz., and four boxes of specie (£23,770), the total value being £256,783. She also has a large pas senger list, and amongst them may be noticed the names of Mr. G. H. F. Webb, barrister-at-law, and Mr. G. C. Levey, secre tary to the Victorian Commissioners for the Philadelphia and Intercolonial Exhibitions, and who takes charge of the colonial exhibits at the forthcoming exhibition in America. Mr. Fitzgibbon, the town clerk of Mel bourne, who goes home on twelve months' leave of absence, was also a passenger by the Sumatra. Tlie adjourned inquest on the body of Robert Berth was rosnmed yesterday at twelve o'clock. Mr. Williams, secretary of the Melbourne Hospital, produced tho rules of that institution', nnd stated tlint -Mr. Benney-had received a copy of them on being appointed honorary surgeon to the hos pital. The rule which bore upon the case was to the effect that no importuut operation in surgery, excepting cases of emergency, should bo performed unless sanctioned on a consulta tion hy two at least of the surgeons. Dr. Lewellin, Dr. Smyth and Dr. Hefiernan were oxamined as to how Mr. Beaney hud performed the operation. Dr. Yotil then intimated that he would have to re-call Dr. Webb, as his evidence was ut variance with the statement ho made to Detective Duncan, upon which chiefly the inquest had been instituted. This necessitated tho examination of Detective Duncan, who said that Dr. Webb had originally stated to him that he agreed with the particulars of the oporation supplied to the police by other medical monj that he had acted under Mr. Beaney at tlifc operatioil'jn the ffApicit of H lieutenant; that Mr, Beaney, made the in. oision in a hacking sort of way ; aiid thht if lie had been principal operator he would hare used the super-pubic operation. Dr. Webb was then re-examined, and emphatically doniod that 1m had used the word "hack ing," or the term "super-pubio operation." Ho might have given an affirmative to questions put by the detective, in which these words occurred. Mr. Jones, surgical in strument maker to the hospital, gave evidence regarding the quality and couiiition of the instruments. M r. i'urves then addressed the jury on behalf of Mr. BeaDey. He maintained that Mr. Beaney had performed the opera, tiou with the greatest care, and justified tho course he had taken by reference to stan- dard surgical books. lie attributed all the proceedings to ill-feeling and jealousy towards Mr. Beaney on the part of rivals and other medical men, and implored the jury not to send his client away with his character blasted, and so consign him to a living grove. Dr. Youl summed up and pointed out that the rules of the hospital had been infringed iu perform- ing an oporation without aailing a previous consultation. He also instructed the jury that they were to expect from Mr. Beaney more skill nnd knowledge, and greater ability to meet an emergency, than from an ordinary surgeon. They were not, however, to deal hardly with Mr. Beanov, and could not re turn a verdict of culpable nud criminal nog- ligenee unless they were perfectly satisfied that the evidence showed on his pnrt a total disregard for, and a total want of oare of, the man's life. After deliberating for an hour aud a half, the jury found that deceased died in tho Melbourne Hospital oil the 5th inst. They wore of opinion that evidence hnd not been brought before therii to pr ve Mr. Beaney guilty of culpable negligence nt the operation, but they believed that if a consultution had been held by tho honorary surgeons, in all pro bability other means might have been used in extracting the stone ; and they entered a protest against the rules of tho hoipital being broken. Tlie verdict returned was given by a mnjority of the jurors, only 11 out of the 14 voting for it. Un tho first day there wore 15 jurors present, but yesterday only 14 put in an appearance, and the Coroner determined to proceed without the absent man. A full report of- the inquest will be found in another column. There seems to be little doubt thnt the recent outbreak of scarlet fever in the colony must be ascribed to laxity on the part of the medical officer whose duty it is to inspect nnd clear all vessels coining into port with passengers, and that the disease was intro duced into Victoria by the Great Britain, steamer. In another column will be found nn article from the Lnna'fiehl Mercury, in which it is positively as serted that the fever was life on board the vessel during the voyage from England, and the progress of tho malady iB traced from a date prior to the passengers leaving the vessel up to the present time. In one family resident in the Lancefield district the results have been most disastrous, and these are distinctly connected with a cuso that oc curred on board the Great Britain, as tho girl from whom the infection spread was taken ill before she left tliat vessel. It is not so many years since that we suffered from tho ravages of small pox through the gross carelessness and bluudering of the medical authorities, and now again we havo been made tho victims of their neglect. Well may it be asked, "How was it that the Great Britain was permitted to come up to Bandridge, land her passengers, and thus sow fever broadcast throughout the iconntryV" The New Year festivities will be initiated to-morrow, the first day of tho year 1870\. The chief attraction will be the: Champion Race meet at Flemington. Thero are numerous marine excursions ad vertised to come off, in which tho names of tlie Golden Crown, the Williams, the Sprightly and others appear conspi cuous. During tho day tlie pleasures of those who prefer to stay on shore will be catered for. The Hibernian Society's annual fete will take place at Emerald-hill. The Free Gardeners' gala will also be given at the same favorite trysting spot. In the evening, the grand pantomimes at the Royal and Opera House will be performed. Tho Rev. Charles Clark will recite in the Town Hall, aud what is described as "a grand national entertainment" will be given, the public being assured that this is the lecturei's "last appearance" prior to his leaving for Tasmania. At St.. George's Hall,, the ghost and the entranced lady will entertain the public. Baby Benson will pre- side at tha ApoIlo Hidl, and1 sundry- subur ban entertainments, will -be given to celobrate the advont of the New Year. Tho employes of The Age entertained Mr. .William Poole at a dinner given at the London Tavern yesterday, on the occasion of that geutleman resigning the sub-editorship of The Age, a position he hits held for several years past. After dinner Mr. Symo, on bohalf of the staff, pre sented Mr. Poole with a purse of sovereigns and a handsome marble clock. In making tho presentation, Mr. Symo ex pressed -liis deep regret at losing the ablo services of a trusted and long-tried friend. Mr. Poole, in acknowledging. the token of esteem, said he regarded tho gift and the good wishes accompanying it, as a parting and onduring tokcu of the kindly fool ing nnd good will always shown him by those he had coino. in contact with iu tho discharge of his duties, and while his retirement from tho position he had held would relieve him from its cares ho would always regrot his severance from The Age and those who were connected with it. The annual licences of timber reserves covering an area of 12 acres, in the proxi mity of the Gas Company's works on the hanks of the Yarra, wore yesterday disposed of by tiie Crown auctioneer, at his rooms, in Queen-street. The land was divided into 12 allotments. The first, 3r. 34 3-10p., was sold to Mr. W. B. Jones for £400; and the same purchaser, iu accord with the conditions of sale, took tho second allotment of la. lr. 14-3-10p., at the came ratio. The remainder of tho lots were taken by Messrs. Mountain and Gibbs. Let 3, consisting of la. lr. 20-9 10p., was knocked down for £425 ; nnd the following allotment of 2r. 32 S-10p. sold at the same rate per acre. AUotmcut 31, la. Or. 0 0-10p., rea lised £100; and the following plot of 3r. I) l-10p., . was . bought ou similar terms. The next lot, 3r. 12 4-10p., fetched £315; and the allotment following, ooraisting of tiie same number of roods, was Unooked down for a similar sum. Allotment 35, lr. 35 (i-10p., was taken for £ ISO, and the licence of an adjoining plot of 3r. 12p. went at the same rate. The two remaining lots realised equally good sums. The total receipts from the licences annually will ho £3391, or £282 per acre, while under the old leasing, of which Messrs. Mountain and Uibks held the monopoly, the income only averaged £30 per acre per annum. The Intercolonial cricket teams dined to gether last night in the Athena>uin'llall, in a manner that was characterised hy great hilarity and good feeling. Mr. M'Artliur presided over the gathering, and had a moEt appreciative audieuuo whenever a toast was proposed. Ho referred in congratulatory terms to the arrangements that had' been made to prevent a repetition of former acts of apparent want of hospitality towards the N.S. Welshmen. A liaudsomu centre-piece was presented to Mr. E. Evans as the best bowler, and two valuable cups to Mr. Dan- nerni'in, the highest scorer and the highest average scorer. We are requested by Mr. Eviile, town treasurer of Emerald-hill, lo call attention to . nn advertisement in another column, notifying that the coupons under tlie town loan are payable nt the Emerald- hill branch of the English, Scottish and Australian Chartered Bank. Messrs. M'Meokan, Blackwood and Co.'s now steamer Arawata completed ' her first trip to and from New Zealand yesterday, auu tho owners may be proud of their new boat's performances. It is certain that tiicy will be. appreciated Hy the public. The dis tance run by the Arawata, as tnhen from her log, is as follows : — Port Phillip Heads to Bluff, 1 170 miles ; Bluff to Port Chalmers, 140 do.; Port Chalmers to Lyttelton, 19S do., Lyttelton, Wellington, 170 do.; Wel lington to Nelson, 120 do. ; Nelson to Hoki tika, 234 do.; Hokitika to Port Phillip Heads, 1230 do.; total, 32G9 do. And the detentions in the various x>orts were — At Bliill, 13 hours; Poit Chalmers, 24 do.; Lyttelton, eight do.; Wellington, 23 do.; Nelson, live do.; Greymonth and Hokitika, eight do. ; total, SI hours— which deducted from the 14 days 1 1 hours occupied on the voyage, gives actual steaming timo 11 days two hours, and an average speed of 1 knots per hour, or 2lJ5.2 knots per day. 'J'lic following candidates passed at the teachers' advanced examinations, held this mouth in connection with the Victorian Sunday School Union. Student's Old Testa ment ' History : Isabella Pnterson (prize)', Sarah Balnrain.., .Student's -New ..Testament History : Margaret Paterson. Scripture Geography. : Margaret Patorson (prize), Anna Maria Hill, Matilda Ann Jacobs, Edwin Slater. Natural History, Manners, Customs, &c.f; illustrating the Bible ; Matilda Ann Jacobs (prize), Margaret Pater-' son (nearly equal), Joseph Hansen, Edwin Slater. Philosophy of the Plan of Salva tion : Isabella Patorson (prize), Sainuel Coates, .Tames Prentice, jun., Margery Robertson. Art of Teaching : Anna Maria Hill, Joseph Hansen, Matilda Ann Jacobs, Edwin Slater. The delegates from tho various branches of tho Australian Natives' Association met on Tuesday and Wednesday last for the purpose of framing new rules for the future management of the whole society. The pre sident of the Melbourne Association, Mr. Willinih Gnnnson, was elected chairman of the conference.. The lollowing gentlemen were the - representatives : — Melbourne branch : Messrs. Mackintosh and Colgan, Victoria branch: Messrs. Field and Joyce. Ballarat branch': Messrs. Cad den and Wain- wright. Sandhurst branch : Messrs. Brown und Devine. Gculong branch : Messrs. Dwyer and Baird. 'A large amount of im portant business was transacted, and the now rales will now shortly bo issued. The delegates then proceeded to elect the officers of tlie board of direotors pro tem., and the following gentlemen were appointed : — Presi dent, Mr. Jos. M. G. Mackintosh ; vice- president, Mr. S. Cadden ; treasurer, Mr. Jas. Colgnn ; nnd secretary, Mr. i'. P. Devine.- The cunfereuce was then brought to a close. A meeting of the congregation of Erskino Church was held last evening fur the pur pose of considering tho present state of the health of tho llev. Mr. Ballautyne, their minister. It appeared from the medical cer tificate laid before thorn that it is necessary that he should have rest for twelve months, and take a voyage to the homo country. Tho congregation unanimously agreed to grant a year's leave, of absence, and to ask the presbytery to givo eli'tot to their resolu tion. Tho annual excursion given to tho em ployes in tho Government Railway Work, sliops at Melbourne and Williamstown came off yesterday, when about. SOD persons, in cluding the workmen and tboir families, made a trip to Ballarat. The party left Melbourne at about half-past six a.m., and were joined at the Williamstown Junction hy the Williamstown section, tho whole pro ceeding on to Geelong in one train. Thence they were to go on to Ballarat, where they would spond the day, returning so ns to reach Melbourne before midnight. The llullirat Courier states that Dr. Thornton was waited upon on W ednesday with reference to tho Rev. Mr. Russell, of Buninyong, and that the bishop pointed out the impassibility, in justice to the canons of the denomination, of varying the determina tion which he had formerly announced, viz., that Mr. Russell must either close his school or retire from the incumbency of the Buninyong church. We have been requested to notify that on New Year's Day all post and telegraph offices will bo closed at 10 a.m. The first delivery only by letter-carrier will be effected. Mails will be received and de spatched as usual. . Telegraph offices will be open from S.30 a.m. to 10 a.m., and from 0 p.m. to 7 p.m. At the weekly meeting of the Benevolent Asylum committee, held yesterday afternoon, Mr. J. T. Hareourt was in the chair. Tho resident medical officer reported that 7S males' and 9S females were in tlie hospital, and that 42 males' and seven females were under treatment otherwise, . making a total of 225 patients. The following deaths had occurred: — 23rd December,. Henry Willis, of Kidderminster, England, aged 04 years, of serous apoplexy ; 24th December, John Dickenson, of Gloucester, aged 74 years, of disease of the stomach and hicina-. tenicsis; 25th December, Dominick Byrne, of Mayo, Ireland, aged 77 years, of old age. The superintendent reported that Win. B.'- Orde, an imnate, had left the institution on tho 24th inst,, dismissed for refusing to sign the will required to be signed by all inmates. The following donations for the inmates were acknowledged with thanks : — Messrs. Boyd and Head, one hhd. of ale; MesBra. Hogan and Mooney, one piece bacon, one dozen Gninness's stout, oue dozen colonial wine, three and a half pounds tobacco ; also, one hogshead of ale from Messrs, M 'Bride and Martin. Among the correspondence was a letter from Mr. Geo. Bullen, solicitor, announcing that £16 2s. 5d., a bequest from the late Mrs. Ann Juniper, would bo paid by the trustees of her will, The secretary said tho amount had been received,. The secretary of the Shin of lhtmore, by direc toon i of the ahiro council, requested this com- mittee, before deciding on any site for a new bmlding, to pay a visit to Kilmore and in. epeot tho neighborhood. The letter waa received. Jas. Lanargan, a man nearly bund, who had been an inmate abont H years, was dismissed' for great insubordina tion on Christmas Day. Y oBterday afternoon an alarm of fire was raised in Cardigsn-street, Carlton. It ap. pears that a Mrs. Herman had occasion to go out, and left the house in the charge of two young children. During her absence a drunken man went into the front room, lay down on the sofa, lighted his pipe, and threw tho ignited match between the sofa and the' lining partition, .which quickly took fire, Tho children ran into the street and gave the alarm, when some neighbors rushed iu and extinguished the fire. The damage done was very trilling. The man, whoso name is Joseph P. Egon, was taken into ous. tody, and charged- with being drunk and Betting fire to the house. The curator has obtained rules to ad, minister the estates of the following deceased persons : — Ebenezer Williamson, Murchison; William Campbell, Alfred Hospital ; Su. sannah Sandmister, Brighton : William R. Potter, Four Courts Hotel, William-streot, Melbourne. .The prize of £2 2s. offered by tho pro. privtor of the Williamstown Chronicle for the writer of the best essay on Williamstown, open to children attending State schools in the district, lias been won by Master George Hees, of the North Williomstown State -School. There were 16 competitors. The shot aud shell practice by five de. taolimente of the Williamstown Volunteer. Artillery, on the ISth inst., has been re- ported on by Capt. Snee, who was .present' at the match. He places Sergeant Pitt'a Run's crow first, and Sergeant Mould, Sergeant Litchfield, Corporal Burke ancb Corporal Browne in tho order in which they stand. Tho first four detachments receive prizes varying from £5 to £1 10s. On Wednesday night a lad named William Smith went into the Rose of Melbourne Hotel' and attempted to rob the till. The proprietor, however, came into tho bar at the moment, and the thief ran out into Bourke-street and escaped through a right of-way into Little Bourke-street. The land, lord, Mr. Ryan, gave his description to Constable Hayes, who subsequently arrested him in a brothel in Romco-lano. He was brought before the City Bench yesterday, and pleading guilty to the charge, was sent to guol for three months. At the Sandridge Police Court yesterday," two women; named Margaret Smith and Mary Ann Crow, were charged with as saulting a man named John Blane. On Boxing Day, the women, whom Blane had never seen before,, walked into his house, aud wished him the compliments of the season. Blane told them to clear out, when one took up a tumbler and the other a porter .bottle, and belabored him on the head, blacking his eyes, and otherwise in juring him. A constable was procured, and they were given in charge. Mr. Mollison, P.M., sentenced Smith to six weeks' and Crow to three months' imprisonment, with hard labor. At the City Police Court yesterday, a man named Thomas Cooper was charged- with stabbing a woman of his acquaintance, a loose character named Jane Carroll, in1 the oheck with a pocket knife. On Sunday last tke.prispnor followed the woman, who was iu oumpnuy with two others, accused her of being intimate with Chinamen, and a row ensuing, lie took a knife out of his pocket :uid stuck it in her cheek, iuflictiug a nasty wound. The prisoner, who reserved his de fence, was committed for trial. T'lio remains of Mr. Drew's little boy, reports the Glen fnnes JZrammer, who was lost six weeks ago, were found, on the 15th inst., by Mr. J. L. Proctor, of Glen Dines, on the Mann Rivor, about live miles from Mr. Drew's' residence. Mr. Proctor wns out on that day on the Ben Lomond run in search of horses, and whilst crossing the Ben Lomond Creek smelt an unpleasant odor. Casting his eyes about, he was startled to behold tlie remains of tho hapless boy ; tho little skull, a few bones, and some shreds of clothing being all that v.as left to tell tho tale.of his dreadful end. Information of the discovery was brought to the police hy Mr. M'lnnes, of Marouan ; and Mr. Proctor having apprised Mr. Drew took liim to the spot, and the remains were taken to the Ben Lomond Hotel; where a magisterial iu. quiry was held, when a verdict in accord ance- with the fasts was roturncd. Mr. Drew recognised tlie remains by the cloth ing. " an the department of patents, appli cation of J. D.'Postle (reported in Tile Aye, of the 21st inst.), for ice-making machinery, hap been decided by the Attorney-General ' against tho applicant and in favor of Messrs. Goby aud Jouoert, who, as prior patentees for similar machinery or apparatus and same purpose, had lodged objections to Postle's application, Mr. Charles Bright is to give his last lec ture in Melbourne, at the Opera House, ou Sunday evening next, prior to visiting Now Zealand. Mr. Arthur Lyster, who lias made arrangements for Mr. Bright to take a lee- turiug tour through New Zealand and tho Australian colonies, is to. leave for Dunedin next week, and Mr; Bright is to follow after the completion of an up-country trip. Tho complimentary benefit tendered to ex-detective Christie by a number of his i sporting friends was given iu the Princess's \- Theatre yesterday evening. There was a ; very good attendance, and the various dis plays of boxing, singlestick and swordsman ship wore highly appreciated by the audience, ' who heartily applauded oaoh adroit move ment of tlie competitors. The Apollo Hall troupe had a good house Inst night. On Monday there will be aa entirely now company on the hoards, under the name of St. Vincent's Combination Troupe, and a diversified entertainment of 'niusic and magic will he presented. The management seems to spare no efforts to provide good entertainments for the people. ' St. George's Hall was well attended hist night, nnd "the Fakir of Ooln's' amusing en- tainment afforded, as usual, much diveision. Additional entries for tho handicap raee3 of the Froo Gardeners' Society gala will he received up to nino o'clock. A meeting of tho Victorian Protection League is advertised for this evening, at the usual place, A watch night service will ho held this even ing, in the Gomel Hall, Bourke-street east, com menting at eleven o'clock. An advertisement announces that- tho drawing, for Mr. Bnrtt's art union will take place this evening, at oight o'clock, at tho Melbourne Aihentcuni. The members of tho Loyal Emerald-hilt Lodge, Xo. 18, of tho Protestant -Friendly Alliance So- cMy, uro requested to meet members of other ' -dees lo-monow, at the Hobsou's J'.iy Railway Station. A wateh-niglit service is announced to be held ' at St. Luke's, Fitzroy, between the hours of 11 and 12 to-night, to usher iu the new vear, at which addresses are to bo delivered by the Rev. Canon Chase, the Rev. J. Hayhoiv, and the hon. reader. '1 l)c. Itev. Air. Macartney, of -Caullield, delivered at this church last ovening, to a very large audience, the last of a series of lectures ou the approaching Advent. The usual weekly mooting, of the com mittee . ot management of tho Immi grants' Aiil Society was held yesterday, at the -Home, Prince's-bridge. Present : Messrs. Dickeun, Moody, Olipbnnt, and VToolley ; Mr. DicUsou iu the chair. The state of the home was reported as .follows: — Number remaining last week, 457 ; admitted since, 132 ; dise charged, 142; died, 1 (Clara Cavan, jchilu of an inmate). Remaining, 253 men, 107 women, aud SI children— in alt 446. There are 112 men, -18 women and 24 children sick ; 15 men bag making, 121 oakum picking, &c;,, and 10 work ing outside ; 10 women in the laundry, 49 hair teasing, Ac. - Out-door relief was given to 9. families, or 47 individuals, on presenting the 14 lief cares of tho society. 