-THE " SCIENCUE" OF SPIRIT Us 1ALIS. (From the Scientific American.) ry Spiritualism broke out about 25 r- years ago, and the manifestations were s. popularly known as Rochester knock is ings or spirit-rappings. The first me ic diums were three sisters; their name i was Fox. They invented the raps, the xI rap language, and a good part of the o- spiritual lingo. They originated the rs seance, and drove a lively business. s. Spiritualism speedily became a recog 's nised institution ; there was no lack of mediums; notoriety and money were e the substantial incentives. People, it s is said, are fond of humbug, and pay n more liberally for it than for the neces s- saries of life. The majority of people, h as at the present day, looked upon spiritualism as a supremely silly thing; 7 the scientific world treated it with ridicule of wit; a silence inspired by 1 disgust and contempt. There were in vestigations; and although many of them were very foolish, the rapping trick was fairly exposed. The raps Iwero traced to the persons of the Fox a girls. The mechanisma of the raps was i concealed and protected by the defences v of womanhood; to the modest investi e gator the girls' skirts wore barriers more formidable than stone walls. Had w-omen dressed like men there surely could have been no 'spirit-rappings, and probably no spiritualisnm; we commend a the fact to Herr Teufelsdroeck, the d great philosopher of clothes, and we shall look for a discussion of it in a fiuture edition of his Sartor ?esartus. Of the devices employed by the early y mediums, the most elaborate and suc l cessful was that of a bar of lead sus nl pended at its centre by an elastic cord a attached to and operated by the leg; a of course this was available only to g women, and the men were obliged to a resort to something else. a The devotees appeared in swarms, a and at the very beginning, and with the same capacity of swallowing as those of the present day. Let a jackass bray in the presence of your genuine spirit ualist, and, at a hint from his medium, t he hears therein only the gentle and loving voice of his dead grandmother. The early exposures counted for little among the faithful. A thousand bogus Sraps, they said, could not disturb their 1 f faith in the one that they knew to be J genuine. Also, the theory was inven ted at a very early day that there are 1 wicked spirits which make honest me diums cheat and lie. Thus the Rochester knockings be- i came modern spiritualism, with a I vitality and diffusiveness comparable to those of 'the Canada thistle. !From the ridiculous beginning of what, in its 1 inception, was probably an innmocent i freak of a little girl, we have to-day a t superstition which will make the nine- 1 teenth century memorable for all time. .r Spiritualism, as an ism or theory, I was soon perfected. But the charla- r tanry by which it is mainly kept alive fi depends upon juggling tricks which may 0 be modified and improved. For jug-' t glory, like all human arts, is improvable, D and is governed by the laws of evolu- t tion. The raps grew into a thousand v and one modified forms. Some of the t new tricks, like the. spirit speaking.and F vwriting, and planchette, were too thin, 11 and are retained only among the most o saturated of the devotees, while those t that had the strength of real merit or t ingenuity, like the Davenports' cabinet and rope tying, have maintained their s popularity. At last, and we wish we c could believe it the final culmination of s such things, we have the spirit: matoe 1 rialisation. The materialisatiofi trick c was invented by a medium of this city, I named Gordon, about two years ago. His exhibition was somewhat artistic, E and is worthy of a description. A ( curtain of mosquito netting, stretched acrbss the room, separated the operatoir and his paraphernalia from the specta tors; the netting served 'to protect the I medium from intrusion, and also to give 3 a' more ghostly appearance to' the ob- i jects, exhibited. 'In'the middle of the 1 spiritual sanctum was erected a gorgeous r altar' 'oi throne, 'about: which 'Gordon, arrayed in a priestly robe, incantedll or o clhasseld during the peiformance. The ' light was turned down to that faintness t in which ghosts and spirits.love to walk I abroad. Gordon inakes his right aRnnm( invisible by: drawing .over ':it a black I cloak. 1o raises this 'arm away fromi and at the side of his body, holding if I his right hand a common p'apor mask or false face, such as the children gobt for i theTir anluhnient at a cost of five or i ten cents,eech. Thdn he gently moves e the mask throiagh (he air, drud~'cks it or b~bs it up.and down, &0.:- The per formance is irepeated with variations, I other masks and iither motions, for an I hour or two. Some of the masks :are a little dressed :npby means of a white o liahadkrchief; thrown' over a part or tut luWra , it nutn simple ways is an old tId, wivth a whit t : cap, 'or a baby in 'a long' dress, cori stuicted ; a bride is' got up by; placitg a 'gauze veil fin front of the maslik. Gordon's ripertoire of mansil was ex-.t tensive. He:was able to bring up tIhe ( spirits of men, womdn, .and babies of < all taces of mankind. ' : From the front' of the netting, thIe view, especiislly to thl'o eyes df th dib- 's votee, was impressive. Gordon wias a c I solemn great higli priest, or'head centre; i and in responsetohis incantation, thIe i spirits of the departed,' as:lifo-liko-as if a they were flesh and blood, appeared at c hirn'side. The iratoridised spirits iver e often recognised;,cl It was a coinmdn ·y tliingto heri: fironi the crowdl of eagr a spectators sighs and sobs, and such ex- t pressions 'as, "s' Is that you, Jano.le ", : is it my grandmother I. "Is. your name v Smith ?"' "It is my darling Bobbie p are you happy- To all' df vllilh, fi through Goidon'a skilfil manihipuldtin rti of tlre masks, dame the appropriate i xc i sponsonu. ..e. s re \- (But Gordon's caroe' as a materialiser p lahted only a few weeks. One:evening, a' in the midst of the performancei:?a n gentleman of tIe audience leaped ov-r "t an' intervering' tabld, dodged Gordon's fi confederate, dashed through the mos quito netting, and had Gordon securely in his arms. Gordon was thus caught in the act ; he held a mask-in his hand, and others were taken from the folds of his robe and other places. \- - . . 