Vlctorin. M j -l.':- !- 5 ! \- ; The Daily Telegraph of the 29th ultj, snys Yesterday morning an : accident occurred' atAVilliamstowh, by which one prisoner under HeuttMice was killed mi the spot, and a second man injured, rite de ceased, George Crnwthers: was one of a party'of twelve convicts engaged in filling silt from punts into the reclaimed ground near the Williamstown .gasworks., ; The inullock is lifted in boxes from /the; punts .by inciins/of a. crane, .which revolves, so .that, the, box uuiy bc carried over the wharf, which forms, the. sea wnll ot the ground- in. /course of reclamation, and emptied on the inner side/I'hc box had been raised to. the required height, ;and Cro w- thers and another person were turning the crunOjWardcr West being close beside them; when an iroii bolt >yliich (licld, onc. of. the .stays of, the . crane gave wayj undithe crdiic, with'all its' fixings, iCame. down. ' "Crow- .thcra and his. mate were standing close '-.to th'c edge of the whar knocked over into tlie water. ' The for mer was picked np.at once, nnd the latter got into the punt with assistance. It was evident tbut Crowtbcra was . severely in-, jured, hs there was a frightful g'nsli on one sidc.nf hisjfuce.; : Dr ,Figg .waSjUccordingly sent for/ but the injured man had. scarcely .bceu lifted-, on ;totho wharf, -.vlieQ/it was seen that/hciWiis dead. . . The other1 man was injured slightly, but . was able to walk to his quarters. The unfortunate man Orowthers'hhd becn8trtick6ri"thcr8idcol: . theA.»'< lieud byi - the- aipright jphr of the crane, the injuries being so severe -as .to Have I caused: almost 1 instant death.; The body wns removed to : the penal j cstuhlishmentat thcWiUiamsfown batteries,) where un inquest will.be held; on the body | this -mornings The .dcceascdj« had onlyi about 'six weeks to serve before the expira-j tiou of bissentcnce, lie is spoken' of as a very 'WclI-conductcd iiuin siucc be bus bflen nt A\filliamstviWn. Tfcu'ns only 'thirty; eiglitjyears oftage. 4 I ' I !- Sonic' cxtrniidihary mortality returiiK hi counoetiuu with Several nfthe surlmrbs of, Melbourne arc published in the Gazelle. At .KewV 'wbicli lias, recently " obtained 'quitea' notoriety/for, its high rate oif inor tali ty, not one death was recorded for the vraek.'ciiditig the. 2Gth ult., .while only one birth', was registered. Fnotscrny. .Smith Yarru, and Brighton were similarly ituatcd at the same date, so far as deaths wei;e concerned, and at' the' last-uienlionud suburb the registrar .had not even one birth to' record. ' " ' .'"flic .Ige of the third 'instant says A -well-known cricketer; named GeorgoM lledlcy, has within, the last three months embezzled considerable sums "of money be- loiigiiig tohiseiii'ployers/AIessrii,' Yaiigbnn; Moulo, and Scddon/ solicitors, Alarket- Htrect,. with whom he .was engaged us ac countant. . Tic was last seen at the office of his employers on the 28th ult. A warrant, has been issued for his arrest, on a ciiargt- of embezzling the sum of £159 18s. belong ing to his employers. What appears to he a chrysalis of about the size of a small apple was given to the Ararat Advertiser tlie other day, having been taken from the trunk of a tree not far from Ararat. Tlie case, on being broken, -shows;, a 'large grub with the antcnmc", tbe fore legs nnd mouth, or .what will ultimately become the proboscis', well defined. : The 'Ballarat Star reports thnt u new chum I'ntluuder, enc Hernard Prunty, ' liniling from Armagh, and only a few days or weeks in the colony, arrived in Bnllurnt with his wife from Melbourne on Thursday. Prunty took his better half to an' hotel, then. sallied out in the towu in search of u brother of his, nn hotclkecpcr. This brother, he failed to discover, but met with some new acquaintance on the way, who, according to his own story, eased him of his purse, containing tour "gouhleti sovereigns." He nude his loss known at til. city lock-up, where, being so drunk tiiat he was kept in durance for the night he was searched, and the purse found upon him, but empty. lie bad not only lost ids money hut his wife, ns lie could not find the Hotel, 'or tell'wherc'he had left heJ. : The Age. of the 3rd of July snys : — A ' man named Samuel Jones, landlord of the Star and Anchor Hotel, Snndridgc-rnad, was charged before the City Bench yester day, with having stolen a purse containing about £8 in notes; from a cattle drover named Richard Mullin, who bus lately arrived from New South Wales. Air. Albert! Read, solicitor, appeared on behalf of the accused. From the evidence adduced, it was shown tlmt the prisoner engaged a bed in tbe same room us a Mr. Welsh ilcpt in on Thursday night, at the Royal Highlander Hotel, Fliudcis- strcct west. Welsh deposed that he was awakened about one o'clock in the morn ing, in consequence of leciing a draught, through the bedroom door having been left open. - He then saw1 Jones creep along the (loor on all fours, with his trousers on, and immediately after get into bed. This witness, by tlie strange manner in which he related what he liad observed during tho rest of the time that he was iu the room, kept the whole court iu roars of laughter. Welsh awoke the landlord of the hotel, and informed him of the occur- Venue. Detectives Potter and Edelsten, j mi being informed of the robbery, Instituted a search, and fonml under Welsh's lied a pnrse containing a £5 note. Jones was arrested, and one £5 note, three £1 notes and some silver were found in his pockets. The notes were all upon the Rank of Victoria, and All. Read informed the bench that he had obtained them in exchange for a £10 note the previous day. The bench were of opinion that tlie nccuscd was innocent of the charge, and discharged him. It has been frequently stated, says the Hampden Guardian, that the rich land of the Ileytesbury forest is capable of grow ing everything in the shape of vegetables to perfection. The last claimants to public- notice from thntprolific part of the country- arc some exceedingly large carrots, some single roots averaging'asmuch ns Gib., and the wh-jlc being a capital sample of the produce down south. The Forbes Times says .thai a patri archal sire with a terribly long roll-call of sons (eleven of them), and numberless Hocks and herds, is cruising about the district with a view to -settle his sturdy olive- branches upon selections ol their own. Tlio iuvudiug army is a strong one certainly , and perhaps some of our Crown tenants will notbc too well plcdsad at its approach ; but then there is plenty of room tor them, besides, the land being 44 very good," is an extra inducement why they should select the fine alluvial fiats of the Lachian. The residents of Kyncton and surround ing districts still retain lively reminis cences of the brief but somewhat remark able career of a young lady named Ellen Donovan, formerly the proprietress of -n puhlichousc nt ; the mining township of Lauriston," known as tho ''Blazing Stump." Miss Donovan, about two years ago, ..had the misfortune to get into trouble in con sequence of having attached her signature to several cheques on banks' where Tier name was not known, and immediately after her arrest, gained 1 considerable notoricty.by.ihaking a' sensational escape from the .confiding constable to .whose custody she was ciitriisti'd. Shortly after wards the fair escapee wns rc-arrested, nnd tried at ICyneton ou n charge of uttering valueless cheques, and was committed for trial to Cnstlemuimv1 Prisoner was ad mitted to hail, but prior to the- trial she disappeared, and tms.iioi since been heard of until Monday last whcn pctectivcs O'Calluglmn nm!,AIahjmy nlightctl oil the. truant iu the most' promiscuous maimer nt nn hotel in King-street, where" she was serving in the capacity of barmaid under the name of Alias Hrcnnnn. To thcdctec-" tives siio . at ;.ouco admitted lici identity with tho rx-landlady of the ; 44 Blazing Stump, " nud further in formed \tbem thut after leaving Kyncton she had left per mail steamer for San Francisco, where she had remained.,. until, three months ngo, when, apprehending / that, an .eightean- months'-absenceTriiiu these shores exempt ed In r from prosecution, she hind returned. Miss Donovan, who is a somewhat attract ive young woman ot about twenty-six, was- remanded to Custlcmdiuc by the City Bench yesterday, -.< :t A littlo commotion was cdiiscd/ iit / tlio. Adelaide Lead a few days ago (siiys . the' Talbot Leader) .by the t appearance of a mysterious party who appeared to .bd.'a." walking warning of /the;, wrath to come." He was respectably dressed in' black cloth, was middle-aged nnd spectacled, .ami wore osVr his cont a white tunic' or jacket/' oh ihc back of wliich was painted' h-' large capitals, l-/4t Prcpare ..mecf thy God.' On Vthc'D Iron'e- 1 'of' ' " the 44 vestment" other words '-were ' likewise painted, though their character was 7 npi: ascertained, A good deal of speculation' wns of course excited as to who' tho' strdrigc person !wus, but'-as' hib ihovemenis wero very quick,- and ricver n'wiird Hfiake he". to anyone, be wns- permitted to pursue his wjlk' without let cr'1 hindrance am! wn> ultiumicly lost to vicw iu the ndjiicent bush; Where hccamcfrpm nobody knew, and his destination seems equally u mystcrv. 5 .A correspondent from ATaldon writes to the Mount Alexander I'mV ns follows ; — 44 On one of tbe darkest nights during last week, when tbeeoid was intense, and the rain litcral1lyicdming down in buckctfn1l«. two Indies gotTnst on Al uint Tarrnngnwcr, amidst the crevasses 1 and .gullies which cross aiid recrbss one another in incxtri cable- con fusion, /and which, .ore compara tively yet miexplored in that vicinity. It appear « a lady, nccompnnicd by lur rer- vuut, had started away during the day ii search of n cow, wliiidv had h'o'im missing for some lime, and after wandering nhotit here and there, the 44 shades of night" cami on, nud to their horror they found them selves fur from their home, drenched to the skin, and minus their boots, which had been lost in a nnid-holc in trying. to extri cate their feet. After' climbing several hills, and descending steep. gullies, to tlit- immiuent danger of their lives, they, t their iutense relief, desciied a dimmer of light through the gloom ami rain, and has: tcuod to the bcacnu, which they found proceeded from a lantern hung t a whim. After. netting closer they were afraid to make themselves known, not kuowiug what kuui of characters were nrar. The boy at the whim seeing, ns lie imagined, two. shadows 'flitting 'about on the rniigo, culled the 'attention nfthe man at the brace, who fold the hoy to go and see who they were. The latter, probably thinking of ghosts, fmlians, or bushrangers, declined, The braccmaii then went, and n fur hearing their pitiful tale, immediately put them on the right road for home, which they reached without , further mishap. Had they wandered about the Mount the whole night, I might have bad a far worse story to relate." 