IN THE WAY. " Man," the old proverb has it, " pro- poses, but God disposes;" this could be altered appositely in Victoria to " the people and the Legislative Assembly propose, but the Legislative Council disposes." At the present time it is quite evident that the people and lower chamber of this country propose to im- pose a land tax, and thereby relieve the poorer section of the community from a burden they have no right to bear, and exact from the wealthy something for the immunity they have so long enjoyed, and to in some way attempt to check the growth of large landed estates, the curse of a country. The Ministry evidently contemplate this, and the tone of the press is favorable to the project. But supposing that the whole country is favorable, of what avail is that ? The proposed legislation will affect the men who sit in the Legislative Council. Taxation would draw a few pence out of their enormous profits, and a few pence are of vast importance to these men. They want the laboring classes to pay for the government. They have succeeded in making them pay hitherto, and is it probable that they will allow the burden to be shifted, even in the least degree, without a struggle ? They know per- fectly well that the laboring man is heavily taxed now ; they know that the inhabitants of cities and towns have to pay in addition to the tax through the Customs local government rates, whilst their unbounded acres are almost free, but what of that ? Escape their just proportion they will, if possible. They try to have railways pushed on in their own barren domains, barren because man is banished from them, although there is not the ghost of a chance of these railways paying. It would only be just if a land tax could be imposed, compelling these men to contribute to the government of the country, and for- cing them to employ their land in giving more employment to the people. But it remains to be seen whether the Legislative Council, which is the creature of the rich men of Victoria, will calmly slumber and allow their class to be touched. As Satan said of Job, they are supine enough when their pocket is not touched, " but put forth thine hand now and touch all that he has, and he will curse thee to thy face." The Legislative Council has ever shown itself sleepy and inactive, while legislation concerned not the poc- kets of the rich. As a check on legislation save where the interests of the wealthy were concerned the Coun- cil has ever been valueless. The Assembly may do whatever they please, they may emulate Tammany in its cor- ruption, and the Council still sleeps in the chamber where Victoria has placed it. That the Ministry are resolved to strike boldly in the direction of taxation seems now settled, but how they intend to pass a measure embodying the views of the people is to us a puzzle. Mr. Gillies indeed indicated an appeal to the people when the Chambers dis- agreed, but who will make that appeal binding on the Council ? They have the power in their hands, and they have shown that they will use it, irres- pective of justice. What, therefore, remains but to modify this obstructive chamber ? It is a perfect farce now. The elections for it are mere shams ; not half a dozen people attend a meeting ; there is no public interest taken in them ; no public expression of opinion. If we require a second chamber it should not not be constituted as this body is. We are confidant that until the Council is made more amenable to the voice of the people liberal and progressive legislation in Victoria is an impossi- bility. We know of no means of judging of the future but by the present and the past, and looking at matters from that standpoint we would ask, what probabi- lity is there of the Council passing a libe- ral land law, or assisting in the revival of our greatest industry, now in a very sickly state, mining, by the passing of a Bill to legalise mining on private property. In theory, the precious metals belong to the Crown, but the Council, holding as its members do large quantities of ruriferons lands, refuses to allow them to be searched for except on such exorbitant terms as they choose to make. What matters it to the great wool interest that the mining in- dustry is going to the dogs ? If the bone and sinew of the colony—the flower of its manhood— seek fresh fields for their labor, the squatter looks on supinely, if not favor- ably. The less people in the colony, the more room for his flocks and herds. It appears to us therefore the first step towards progressive legislation will be to deal in a thorough manner with the Legislative Council, and to place that body in such a position that it cannot longer thwart the wishes of the people of the colony and remain a stumbling block in the way of progress. ———————————— 