CANNIBALISM BY THE QUEENS- LAND BLACKS. The following account of murder and cannibalism by the Queensland blacks is given by a correspondent of the Cooktown Courier :— Permit me a small space in your journal to relate some facts that I have been almost an eye-witness to within the past few months, and endeavor to show the proper authorities the want of a native mounted police station on the Palmer River. I might suggest the Right Hand Branch as a central position. I have been connected with a butchering business, carried on at the Palmer River for some months, adjacent to the Right Hand Branch, during which time no less than five diggers' camps hare been robbed of all they possessed, four horses killed, and two men speared. One of them yester- day was killed whilst rocking the cradle. When I say killed, he was captured by the cannibals, taken down the river below his claim for half a mile, and there, on some bare slate rocks, drawn and quar- tered. He was a Celestial ; but it matters not who. I, together with four others, namely Thomas Roberts, Edward Dunn, Nils Peters, and another, seeing the Chinamen rush into our camp at about 3 p.m. on the 1st of June, saying the blacks had chased them within two miles of my camp and killed one of their mates, besides having possession of all their goods, tents, &c.;, armed ourselves as well as we could, viz., we had two breech- loading rifles, one single gun, and two revolvers. We got under way by 4 p.m.; arrived at Chinamen's camp, and found all their property gone, with the ex- ception of some tea and a candle. We pushed on to find the miss- ing man ; went to where he was last heard working at the river ; found only a jacket and a hat saturated with blood. We pushed on in their tracks, seeing that they had carried the Chinaman with them. We could track them by the spots of blood. In half a mile a fearful sight came before us—a pool of blood (about two quarts) lying in a basin of the rocks, together with some details, were here— a long handled shovel was lying here covered with blood (with this they had evidently cut the man up in small pieces) —the rocks are fearfully stained with blood for some distance round. I sup- posed by the blood, the man had been cut up half-an-hour previous to our arrival. Here some little delay was oc- casioned, as I, seeing the country was too rough to proceed with horses, sent them home with Thomas Roberts, and awaited his return, our party, being too weak without him (or even with him) ; it afterwards, as you will perceive, almost proved too weak, to our sorrow. We got fairly under way by about 6 p.m.; we followed the tracks for about another mile—we were all at once stopped by the smell of meat roasting ; looking around, we found fires alight, and ovens, similar to what the blacks use, viz., stones placed in the ground, and fire made on them, until they are sufficiently hot to cook ; these were quite hot and greasy, they having roasted and eaten part of the Chinaman here—part of the sole of his foot was left behind, roasted. I supposed the cannibals to be not more than one hour in advance. We had now no easy task, nightfall being at hand, and the roughest country I have ever seen in any colony we had to face. I felt almost inclined to jib, being a bad hand on foot ; but not knowing how soon it might come to our turn to be killed and eaten, we deemed it our duty to push on. We, with great difficulty, by 6 a.m. on the morning of the 2nd of June, travelling nearly all night, got up to the camp. Now came the tug of war. I thought our greatest difficulty was overcome, considering we travelled all night over precipices, and only making 10 miles head- way. Reaching the camp, the best way of attack to recover the stolen property was left to me. They were camped in a deep ravine. We all pushed down on them with the greatest possible speed. I was met by a spear being thrown by a native, who appeared very relax at leav- ing his camp. The spear fell right at my feet, and came with great force. I saw the blackfellow watching me from below ; but as long as I have been amongst blacks I never saw a spear thrown up hill so far. It now became hard fighting to get into their camp ; at last we gained our point, but not for long. The blacks returned within an hour, muster- ing (fighting men), I dare say, 150. Some of our party, during this time, were down in the gorge getting together some of the stolen property, and burning spears, &c.; I should say they had in their camp, at the lowest calculation, at least £100 worth of property. It would take too long to enumerate. I was on the high ground, keeping guard whilst Roberts and another were engaged below in the camp ; but before they could do much good, or rescue any of the stolen pro- perty, the blacks rushed on the mountain overhead, and showered down volleys of spears. Doing short of ammunition, and hearing the blacks surrounding us, and knowing the bad country behind us, I deemed discretion the better part of valor ; but how to get away was no simple matter, for as soon as we commenced to descend they would shower spears at us. At last, all being unani- mous, we made one rush down a steep valley, and got on to a dividing range, and with great difficulty got away back to our starting point, not in any way sorry, and fully determined to leave such work in future to those who are paid for it. I have written to-day, asking for immediate assistance to protect both lives and property from these daring cannibals. before going any further, I forgot to men- tion the sight which came under Thomas Roberts's view in the camp above re- ferred to—the head and neck, together with part of backbone, of the Chinamen were stuck on a stump, partially eaten. It was only the 30th of May previous to this murder this same mob of blacks rushed another camp of Chinamen, speared one, and took all their goods. "You j'st ought to hare been over to our house last night," shouted one small boy to another on the Campus Martius yesterday. " Why—making pictures ? inquired the other. "Naut much! humph! No, sir ; our folks went away, and we had popcorn, two kinds of sweetened water, milk and camphor, drew the dog around In the tablecloth, and the hired girl told us eight ghost stories."—Detroit Tribune. A Cassave fattier pi wired an ?utfit of oil naiote and brushea for his eight- year-old eon the ether day, the lad having developed a talent for drawing. Little was seen of the boy for two or three days, and then, he took hia father and mother by the hand and Jed them into the parlor and triumphantly pointed to the proofs e4 Us artistic skflL The gilt paper on the walls formed • fine ground-work for him, and he had pM"***! a fcoiaa over one door, ft lion over another, airfrd over the third, and at intervals along the walla he had brought out lighting dogs, ship*, fire engines, Tt?^t^«^ in fnll dress, and bears phasing boys. He had put * new border on the bay window curtain*, striped the legs of the piano, and had prooeeddd to touch up and improve oartain ohromoa and oil paint ings hanging on the walls. Father and mother gazed around, and the young arliit anxiously waited Toir them to pat him on the head and say they were proud of mob ft son. They didn't pat him—not very much. The father plaoed the sorts ear between his thumb and finger and led him through several rooms to the wool-shed, and what followed naay be inferred from a re mark by the boy and overboard by ft pedestrian —" Oh, father, let up on me, and Fil never be an artist any more."— Detroit Free Prat. Ootonel TompUna, of Merrdsn.ii an eooentri* bub. He has a passion fo eolleotlng strwge asdmakend domea-wating them on Ma tuna. Hissuooess with the alligator is ram rkable. A tow yew ago be bought one of chew reptiles of a aeaoaptaia, who had brought it north when j young. Being folly aoslima.tee', a snowstorm i only amuses the reptile, while the oold air of the north greatly adds to the toughness of its hide. The boy* have often struck Jt with ft pickaxe with about as muoh eff«ot a* if It had < been a ■team boiler. Tola alligator fa as eoeen* trio as ita matter: bat it is the beat diipetea animal in the world. It will work in a thrashing.' machine 10 hours a day, bat, if overtasked, its moutb/opens sareastleaUy. Next to eating ham, ita chief delight ia to go with the boys to the river, when it waits till they disrobe; them it plunges in and allows them to ride on i'« back.. Once.ft wateimoeaasinbltaladand fled to ita' hole. The alligator threw the boy oat bank with ita tail, then turned ita attention to Oat serpent's abiding place, with ita *neath < wide wpen and-ita eyes red with rage. Not lea* - than 18 mocassins Were lying dead at the bay'« feet before he could count dr. The alligator act up a terrifio howl «f -exultation. Put ting the boy astride Ita bask, and the snakes in iftjaw, it started for the house at the top of ita •pepd. Fortunately the lad was not dangerously inured. Colonel Tompkins rewarded the -reptile with a box of soap-grease and a young puj. Bach spring ita soalea are renovated wittY a cold pteaseait immensely, and it topers around for an hoar afterwards. Children are great favorites with the reptile. They give it cheese and cranberries, and bits of roast ohioken on thtir way to school, .while it keeps a sharp, look-out for . the eroaa a ■ that may follow them. The Mack- Hfsboywno trim* ita scales is a p?r?«i?%T friend. CastlXarch, when they were unusually, ttlot, Be chiselled plaoea infts hide, and inaerted a cheap bnUaeye clock on either side of it. and wedged them fast. At first the animal was uneasy, but when it heard the tiok ing its delight waa unbounded, and it waddled efftoehow itself to the school girls. Beeently Ita teeth became so dull that it oould hardly chew, and it whined piteously. The blaok smith's boy gave it a couple of tom-eata and led it to the shop, where he filed the teeth to a keen edge. The animal wasao overjoyed thai it ran out and gnawed down a hitohing-post, and gobbled up a stray dog that was passing. Since then the alligator makes monthly visits to tike shop for repairs. When ita lower teeth are done, it turns owr on ita back, and opens its mouth the while the boy puts a bnzz-mw talsb«ft the mppmctom*—Danbuiy Ntm. 