MY FIRST LESSON IN SMOKING. " miserrima ridi Jit quorum pars magna fui!" —THE .XXEID, TOOK II. " Thou hast set me 011 the rnck * * * * * For nothing canst thou to damnation add Greater than that" —OTHEMAACT 111. IN Spring-street, many years ago, there lived next door to my father two worthy people who had one son named Gideon—Gideon Brown. This Scriptural cognomen was>. however, too high-sounding for his companions, who abbreviated it into the more plebeian nickname of " Kidney." I Jutted Kidney Brown, for I envied him one manly accomplishment in which he was a thorough adept—the art of smoking. Oh ! how oft I have looked in longing wondering admiration at him as he puffed dense clouds from his short clay pipe ! Yet Kidney Brown, with all his manliness, was mercenary, and I bribed him with a threepenny bit, six marbles and a top, to teach me the noble science. He undcitcok to do it in one lesson, so, having adjourned up a right-of-way, I began to smoke ! The first mouthful caused my mouth to feel watery—the second mouthful I swallowed, and, as the unbidden tears gushed from my eyes, I felt that there was something wrong inside ! " Keep it up !" said Kidney. " Hold on to it! You're getting on first-rate." Weak trusting fool that I was, I believed him, and I took a long pull and then a strong pull. The sensation was exquisite. I felt as if a cat had got into my stomach, and was finding fault with his new residence. " One more draw," cried the boy-fiend, " and then yer'll be master of the eitivation." Alas for misplaced confidence! I found that "one more draw" made the cat " master of the situation," for it seemed to me that he had invited two or three more cats and was now giving them a house-warming. With one remorseful shriek, I flung the pipe at Kidney and tracked for home, determined to die in the house, ana, before giving up the ghost, to refund to my father one-and-ninepence of the two shillings that I had purloined from him that morning. Nervous, pale and trembling, I appeared before him and exclairoed- " Father, I have " . I could say no more, but quickly placed my hand upon my mouth, and struck, as the crow flies, for the backyard. When I returned, in about a quarter of an hour, 1 did not bring my dinner back with me. I felt somewhat better though, ana thought it just as well not to say anything about the pilfered two shillings, contenting myself with remarking that I had beeu smoking. I saw and marked the beaming look of paternal pride upon his face, and it was too much for me. I stayed not for my father's praise, but rushed towards the door, he in close attendance. Just at the threshold, I sat down on the toe of Ids loot, and like a football 1 soared into the street. * * * * * * Years have passed since then, and I am a well- seasoned smoker now. Twelve months at Alick's College (at 5 guineas per quarter; made me a proficient, and if I learnt nothing else, during my year there, I learnt to smoke well. Whenever I am enjoying the fragraw weed I cannot help thinking of my first smoking lesson, and tnai imp Kidney Brown. And in these cold winter nights, as I sit by w fire, with my pipe in my mouth, my wife at my side and my boy 0 my knee, I send up in the curling rings of smoke a heartfelt praye in which my wife joins fervently. It is this—That Kidney »»*» may some day come to be hanged ! We are good Christians, ana v pray that prayer with all our combined religious mights. We n hope that it will eventually be heard, although neither myseli no my dear Emily may have the agreeable pleasure of assisting at interesting ceremony. 