ARRIVAL OF THE ? TOBRES STEAITS MAIL (atjstbalian associated pbess telegbams.) Brisbane, Wednesday. The Torres Straits Mail steamer ar rived at Townsville to-day. Advices state that Major Dnnlop, with a small body of men, attacked and de stroyed three Malay stockades at Perak. The third regiment of Buffs has arrived, and the Ghorikal regiment from India has lifion sfint to Malacca to deiend that place if attacked. A conspirscy to blow up the arsenal at Rangoon has been discovered, and forty persons implicated have been arrested. Much uneasiness exists amongst foreign residents in China. The Chinese papers protest against the expedition to enquire into the mur der of Magerry. Taminick Station. — This valuable pastoral property originally owned by Mr B. Wnrby, and more recently by Messrs Cowell and Spicer, and Messrs MoVean Bros., is in the market, and will be offered for sale by auction by Messrs Goldsbrongh and Co., at their wool Warehouses, Melbourne, on Friday, 13tb. Jan uary. The property consists of 640 acres free hold, and a run of 25,000 acres all securely fenced, and possessing good grazing capa bilities. The homestead is one of the best in the district, and the property is well worth the attention of capitalists. The Kerrx Eagle Eeef. — A meeting of the shareholders in tbe Third Prospecting Association of, Beeohworth was held last evening at the Star Hotel, in reference to the working of the Kerry Eagle xeef. There were present: Mr E. Warren (in the chair), Messrs Forman, Kaecke, N. Oates, Hickling, Arm strong, Sohultz, Scarlett, and other share holders, as well a3 tbe surveyor, Mr Kodgers, who' KM been appointed to report upon the relative cost of a tunnel or machinery. It was stated by the chairman that Mr Eodgers, who Lad only just arrived from tbe scene of operations, would give the meeting some idea of tbe result of . his survey. Mr Scarlett ob jected that that was not the object of the meeting, and also that he did not believe in verbal reports. He said he was prepared, as far as his small means went, to do everything in the way of prospecting the district, but they had already lost too much money in not haviDg this done in a business-like way. He would move that the meeting be adjourned for a fortnight, in order that a formally .....Cl !-,*.« vn..in.i.4- l-a ln-.-ntrrlif im \vtr flio ilirPftfcorS. including a properly drawn up report by the surveyor, Mr Eodgers, in whom lie had every confidence, and then they would have some thing to go upon. Mr Hickling ridiculed the idea of a mere pro3pecting association insisting on unnecessary forms being gone through, aud also made some remarks in reference to some petty amount which was due on the claim— we presume to some bank. Mr Scar lett answered that enough money had been already spent foolishly from the town and district in prospecting for gold without people knowiug what they were doing, aud that this very speculation would probably involve an expenditure of £2000 before there was any return, and Mr Hiokling himself knew his business too well to put his name down as a party to a trausuction of that kind without haviug it iu writing. Mr Hickliug said he had no doubt whatever as to the value of tho claim, as- it hud paid from first to last, but he ,i:j ««f uuo m-Iiv it ulinn'r) lu- 'ivfin nwav to a few men— who inereiy put down their mimes — as a Christmas gift. Mr Eaecke said that tbe shareholders had, no doubt, met to receive a report from ihe directors based upon that of the surveyor, but Mr Eodgers could now give tho meeting some ideu of the cost of the nudertakiug. Mr Eodgers said he could write out his report in half-au-hour if necessary Mr Formnn said if tlmt was the case there was cert;iiuly no need for a fortnights ad journment. Ms Young remarked that if the business of the meeting was to hear p. certain report, ho would support Mr Scarlett's motion. Mr Hickliug then suM he would move an amendment, that the meeting bo adjourned till the next, (Urn) afternoon at half-past, four o'clock. Mr Scurlett agreed to the ainend meut and proposed the adjournment as a substantive motion, and Mr Hickling seconded his own proposition which was then c-irriedT aud the chairuiau declared the meeting ad journed accordingly. Bascilly Conduct. — Considerable incon venience was caused the inhabitants of Beech worth one day lust week by the water supply,, through tome menus then totally inexplicable, having been cut off ; aud the sudden stoppage oi a supply hitherto so regular caused consid erable alarm as to the probable cause. Some uieii were immediately sent up to the clear water reservoir and filtering beds, with orders to go aloup tho rase if the origin of tbe affair was not sooner discovered. On reaching the clear water reservoir they found it empty, aad the filtering beds in the same condition, and here the cause of the stoppage was at once jippnroixt, . a.a cckTno -.ov.i.lrfllSXUVsofl -.TnrHjnftnflJ— not being able — owing to precautions taken by the surveyor — to screw down the iron gate bv which the water is admitted into the bed, broko off the top and then shut the water off. This, although it must have been done nearly a week ago as the reservoir is calculated, to hold a week's supply, could not well be ascer tained in the town until the supply was es hausted, and of course the only remedy available was at once had recourse to, by at once refilling the niter i-eds. xne water tuus running in suddenly from the bed to the empty reservoir, stirrd up any sediment there was in the latter, and it was two days before the water was restored to its natural bright ness. This mischievous attempt to injure or stop the works seems, moreover, to be only part of a system, the race being constantly interfered with, both from simple malice and by persons who steal the water at night for mining purposes. We would strongly recom mend the Council to offer a substantial re warel for the discovery of the offenders, as one severe example might be enough to deter other offenders, the punishment being a very heavy one in such cases. Pi,EURo-Pi5En3ioNiA. — At the last meeting of the Eutherglen Shire Council a case was mentioned as to a diseased beast being amongst the town herd at Wahgunyah, where Mr Cobham formerly known in this district as an eccentric police officer, is now inspector of stock. Not knowing the merits of the case at the time, we refrained from publishing ex parte statements, or from making any comment upon the alledged facts. However, as Mr Cobham has now raised the question in another way, and as lie has thus made the matter widely as well as officially known, it becomes necessary for us to relate the facts as they have come to our know ledge, and also to point out some essential defects in the Diseases of Stock Act. A bullock said to have been travelling in a team while in the neighborhood of Wahgunyah, presented symptoms of disease, and either by the direction of Mr Cobham, or by the volun tary act of some other person, was driven into the township aud to Mr Cobham's resi dence. He pronounced the beast to te suf fering from pleuro-pneunionia, and forthwith turned it out, when it of course joined the town herd. We presume that the inspector took all the necessary steps to have the offi cial business carried out before he would do anything with regard to this living death tnrterinff about ainonest healthy cattle, but in the mean time Senior-Constable Gribbin, believing no doubt that any immediate action was better than a mile of red tape, drove the beast out of the milking herd into some solitary corner. For this Mr Cobham re ported him- to the Clr.ef Secretary, or to his own superior officers, we are not certain which, and a board sat upon tbe unfortunate Gribbin, with what result is not yet known. But what strikes us particularly is this, that if a whole herd were found to be diseased in a non-quarantine. district, neither the inspec tor nor any one else can take any steps either to isolate or destroy them without an order from the Governor-in-Councilj which of course takes some precious time to obtain. Surely this was a case in which the bullock should have been at once taken by the liorns Police Pkomotions.— Owing to the re signation and death of Mr Disney, first class inspector of police, which by a strange coincidence took place on the same day, Mr A. B. Smith at present stationed at Wan gavatta, has been promoted to the vacant rank, and Mr Dobson sub-inspector to tho rack of second class inspector. Both these gentlemen being well known, and general favorites in this district, ana neitner iiaviag hitherto received more than scant confeder ation from the department, the news of their well deserved promotion will be received with great pleasure by their numerous friends. Gobur Gold Field Cohiion.— Messrs Michael Brennan and William Meehan have been appointed managers of this common, which, although within the jurisdiction of the Beechworth Mining Board, has been placed, owing to its distance from Beech worth, under special management, in ac nnv/InTinn with the act. Boeing at the Ovexs Eivee.— The re newed contract of Mr Eobert Wilson, for boring at the Black Springs, near Pore punkah, under the head of ' prospecting for new gold fields,' has been accepted.' Visitors.— Amongst several other visitors to this district during the holidays we pre sume we are particularly called upon to mention two legislative celebrities, both of whom are ex-Ministers of the Crown— namely, the Hon. G. T. Smith, member for the Ovens District, aud the Hon. James McKean, member for Gipps.Land. His Honor Acting-Judge F. L. Smyth, formerly member for Gipps Land, and whose commission as a judge expires we believe to-morrow, also visited Beechworth in company with Mr McKean, and returned to Melbourne yesterday. Mr G. V. Smith's visit was confined to a trip to the top of the Bullalo, to snow tne wonaera of that place to a few friends who accompanied him. The Laie Bains.— The late heavy rains, which have nearly deluged this district, ap pear to have been general throughout the colony. We have not yet our ordinary official weekly returns of the quantity of rain which has fallen in Beechworth, but we shall not be much over the mark in saying that we have had an inch' of rain during every twentv- four hours since Christmas Day, aud that, too, although Monday was comparatively fino. The cold also wa3 £9 great, until yesterday, which was rather sultry aud showery, that fires were very acceptable. There were some exceedingly heavy showers during yesterday morning. The Late Whestixg Matcii. — A'good deal of curiosity has beeu expressed, siucu ihe late trial of strength ufc Mr Eogers' Imperial Hotel, High Street, Beechworth, as to whether a really seientifio wrestler will be brought for ward to tiy conclusions with young Herman, who can scarcely be said to have had a chance on Boxing Day of showing what he is really made of. His victory was so easy en the last occasion, over a vsry stout and determined opponent, and he displayed such extraordi nary strength, together with catlike activity, that we doubt very much whether any mau will be fouud to throw ihirn. Of this we feel certain, that if. a match were got up for Now Year's Day.it woald be attended by a very large concourse of people interested iu such manly sports. P:c-xic at EuTHEiiGLEN. — A pic-uic under the auspices of the May Flower Lodge, I.O.G.T.. Eutheralen, took place on Monday last, aud, everything considered, was very successful. The procession started from the Town Hall at 11 o'clock in the forenoon, and was headed by Bro. Swindleburst, L.D., from Corowa, aud Bro. Smith, L.D., from Euther glon, followed by the Corowa brass band ; then came tbe members cf the May Flower Lodge, preceded by their new banner ; then followed the members of the Crusade Lodge, Corowa, and also members of the Haste to the Bescue Lodge,. El Dorado, numbering in all, brothers aud sisters, about 150. The procession proceeded down Main-street, most of the members walking to the end of the street, where the vehicles were waiting, and all being ready a start was made for Lake Moodemere, whose the pic-nic was held. The gtvuuJ - ulioooui. wao..i-oaoliO(l.-al)oal: ..lialf- Jlflst 12 o'clock. After about an hour's delay dinner was announced, which was heartily partaken of by young and old ; then followed cricket, dancing on the green, kiss-in-the-ring, two and threes, -fcs. The weather, although iu cliued to be showery, was delightfully fine up till about i o clock, when a smart shower, which lasted about ten or fifteen minutes, put a stop to the sports for a short time ; but as soon as the rain was over the amusements commenced again, and every one seemed to heartily enjoy themselves until tea was ready, when full justice was done to the good things provided. About half-past 5 a start was made for home. Great credit is due to the members of the various lodges for the able manner in which the proceedings were con ducted throughout, and were all worked so well that it would be invidious to particularise or mention names. About 400 people were on the ground, and this may be considered one of the most successful gatherings ever held in this part of the district. Beechworth Assizes and Sessions.— The Assizes and General Sessions for the ensuing year have been gazetted, and those for Beech worth stand thus : Next General Sessions, 3rd March ; Assizes, 10th April. Second General Sessions, 21st September ; Assizes, 10th October. We have already remarked upon the advisability, or rather necessity, of having four, instead of two, General Sessions in Beeehworth during the year, as the Assizes, fixed, as they always are, to take place a few weeks after the Sessions, are scarcely any relief to prisoners as a gaol delivery. This seems still more unjust, as the Supreme Court judges have absolutely refused to hear any cases remanded from the lower criminal court. Thus a perfectly innocent man might be detained in gaol under committal since the -previous Assize Court, be remanded during the next Sessions, and although an Assizes occurred in April, would, in default of bail, have to remain in gaol- until the end of September. If tbe Circuit Courts were made absolute gaol de liveries, and fixed so as to divide the times of the Sessions evenly throughout the year, no prisoner :need remain under committal without trial for more than three months, unless under a capital charge. . Bailwax Eetdrss. — As a proof of the large amount of passenger traffic on tho Victorian railway lines during holiday time, it may be stated that on Friday and Saturday last 12,554 persons travelled on the various lines. ? On the North-Eastern line 1883 people availed themselves of the cheap fares, whilst the opened portion of the much abused Beech worth Branch railway took 129. A number of persons who profess to know all about it, are still sanguine in their belief that this bit of political jobbery, as they are pleased to call it, never can pay, and that its construction is a gigantic mistake. Certainly the traffic along the first section tends to disprove such an assertion, as the amount of money received at the Everton Eailway station during the month of November amounted to within a; trifle of ^/iuuu, usibuiujy tt ynyuuiv sum. Hake Murdee. — Again we hear that an unsportsmanlike resident of Beechworth brought two hares into the town during this week,- which lie killed at Wooragee in the following cockney-like manner : He took with him two mongrel greyhounds and a sharp nosed terrier, and having found a hare, let the mongrels at him. Of course, puss quickly showed them a clean pair of heels, but then the terrier was put on the scent until they again sighted the hare, when the same thing was repeated, and this mur derous kind of hunting continued until they worried tha poor animal to death. Consider ing, loo, that this is the breeding season, some means ought to be taken either .to punish or expose this Whitechapel 'rat catcher. Eotebtainhents at Staslex. — To-morrow evening a concert and dance will be held in the Assembly Booms, Stanley, in aid of the funds for providing a children's picuic on New Year's Day. Eoman Catholic Chsbch, Yackandandah. — The following gentlemen have been ap pointed as trustees for the land acquired by purchase as a site for a Eoman Catholic Church, at Yackaudandah. The Eight Eev. Martin Crane, D.D., diocesan, the Very Eev. Dean Tierney, Messrs Daniel Mongan, James McEvoyi and Thomas Devaney. Herb Tolmaque axd the Chinaman. — Pro- fessor Tolmaque, who has been astounding the people of the Ovens and Murray District for some time, and won for himself ' golden opinions from all sorts of men,' and of whose really wonderful performances we have had occasion to speak in terms of the highest praise, gave an entertainment at the Court House, Myrtleford, on Christmas Eve, to a delighted and hiahlv appreciative audience. We understand the following curious adven ture befel him the next day. Whilst waiting for the Bright coach he strolled along the road, enjoying the scenery, and, as he terms it, ' thinking out new tricks,' or. perhaps, like the camel of another illustrous German, evolving them from the innermost depth of his conscience. Being about to return to his hotel he encountered a party of jolly fellows who, although the day was yet young, had evidently been celebrating the advent of Father Christmas, and drinking the old boy's health in somethiug strouger than water. Amongst them was a Chinaman, who no sooner caught sight of the Professor than he exclaimed in brokeu English, ' El Dorado, me watchee, me wfttckee, very good, El Dorado.' Diviniog at once that the China man wished to compliment him ou the suc cess of his entertainment at El Dorado, where he recently mm witb great and appreciative audiences, he replied, thanking tho Mongolian for his recollection of him, and was about to pass on when John said 'Yes, me liUee very muchee, me watchee you no getty my watchee, you get plenty watchee, but you no getty mine.' ' I say, show me your wa'cu' said Tolmnque, for I faucy you must havo left it nt home.' The Chinaman, who evidently understood English pretty well, only smiled eomplaceutly at this remark, aud taoping his pocket was about to produce his timepiece, when lo! beho d, a change came o'er the spirit of his dream, be turned pa'e as though he had seen a vt-iitable ghost, aud s'.ariug at the Professor «ith oyieu mouth, he uttered a few words iu his native tongue, ami, to the surprise of his companions nnd his own bewilderment, fouiid that ho had gor a decent sized potutoe iu tho place where his watch ought to have been. We have seen tb.u clever magician perform a similar feat more than once, nnd cau easily imagine the surprise of those who now wituessed this extra ordmay specimen of his sKili, or as a contemporary of our calls it ' his almost diabolical talent.' Gently aud tenderly did the professor next take the Irish fruit frcm the unresisting John's hands, and lightly holding it between his fore finger and thumb, he bade oue of the party blow on it, when hey ! presto ! the potatoe was transformed into a watch. ' Before I return you your timo-piece I'll make bold to try its metal,' and suiting the action to the word, Herr Tol maque threw it high up into the air, and in its descent purposely lot it fall on the hard stones, hopelessly smashing it beyond all apparent recovery, and telling the amazed John to hold it oue moment to see what could b.e.done_to-rem-iito\the mistake. John picked up the watch, or rather John was in the act' of picking up his watch when another surprise awaited him. The watch had. aisappeuroS aud in its place was a good sized orange. Vanishing the orange into thin air, Herr Tolmaqne bado the Celestial untie his long pig tail, which he wore wound round his head, and this the now vanquished and per fectly amazed disciple of Confucius did, find ing his watch uninjured and seemly tied to the end with a piece of blue ribbon. Making allowance that Herr Tolmaque is one of the greatest experts at slight of hand we have ever seen, we still wonder how its done. Surely nothiug more surprising than this can be found in the ' Arabian Nights Entertain ments.' Fatal Accident on the Nokth- Eastebn Bailwat. — Dr Nicholson, of Benalla, the district coroner, held an inquest at Longwood on Monday, on the body of Thomas M'Gann, about '10 year3 of age, a line repairer in No. 18 gang between Seymour and Benalla, who met his death on Saturday night under the following circumstances : — Deceased left the White Hart Hotel, Longwood (new township) about 7 o'clock on Saturday evening for Ms tent, two miles distant, walking along the line. A special goods train, leaving Seymour at a quarter to 9 p.m., passed Longwood at 20 minutes past 10. On Monday ariother line repairer when going to work found the body of M'Gann lying between the rails, about half a mile from Louewobd. There were serious wounds on the head, the shoulders were bruised, and the left collar bone broken. The ' toes of one foot were cut off. Deceased was under the influence of liquor when he left Longwood. The position in which the body was found led to the conclusion that deceased was asleep when he received the injuries which caused his death. When the driver of the special train arrived at Euroa, he asked the guard if he had felt any indications of passing over any substance near Longwood, as he thought he felt the train pass over something slight, but the guard said lie did not, and no more notice was taken of the matter. It was proved by the guard (Wood cock) that extra precautions were taken on the night in question, by sounding the whistle at gates and curves. The jury returned a verdict that deceased accidentally met hi3 death on the night of the 25th inst., from in juries received by the special goods-train leaving Longwood at 20 minutes past 10, and that no blame was attachable to the engine driver. A letter was found on deceased from his mother in Dundalk, Ireland, acknowledg ing a remittance. — Argus. The Eegatta. —Active training is still vigor ously going on amongst the aspirants for aquatic fame on Lake Moodemere. At Euther glen, several crews are hard at it, morning and evening, on the reservoir, whilst their Wahgunyah opponents are anything but idle on the Murray. We hear that at least four boats will start for the challenge mrr. nnd an exciting contest is expected. Wahgunyah will be represented by its namesake and the Mystery, and the Butherglen boats by the Carlyle and Moodemere. The Wahgunyah fours are Messrs J. Hiskins (stroke), J. C. Foord, G. Chandler, and H. Jackson. The Mystery will be pulled by a junior crew, G. Foord (stroke), T. Foord, S. Halty, and D. Grimmond. The latter crew are in fine trim, andwill doubtless turn the tables on th6ir bigger rivais. The Wahgunyah crew will row a new four-oared gig, built by Greenland, Melbourne. The boat, which arrived on Wed nesday, is a splendid piece of workmanship, and has given every satisfaction to those who .hope to lead her to victory. At a. meeting, held at Eutherglen last Wednesday evening, it was decided that the old course — viz., round the island, instead of buoys, for each boat— should be followed in all races. The rule, admitting only opsn test gigs, was can celled, and it now only remains entirely optional with the crews whether their boats are open or not. Messrs J. Wilson, E. BriggS and F. 'W. Browne were appointed handicap pers. As an evidence that a good day's sport may be expected at the Lake on New Year's Day, we have only to mention that the booth, which was sold by auction last week, brought £20. Mr Charles Sohwenzel, of tho Victoria Hotel, was the successful bidder, and in Ms hands the catering is sure to be done to the satisfaction of all. — Wahgunyah Neies. 