Our Adelaide Letter. THE DEBATE August 11. on Lhe financial policy of Lhe Government is dragging on its weary length. Al present onlv the Don. A. Blyd.li, and Messrs. Hawker, Bright, and Towiiseiul (besides the ministers) have spoken, and their speeches were all very good. " Rumor" (said to be only Lhe invention of Mr. Ward) have been llying about during the last, day or two relative to an atLack on the Treasury Benches; but of course there is no truth in them. But 1 am quite persuaded from what j J can see and hear that the members of the [ Opposition are only biding their time, arid when a suitable opportunity arrives, the seats of the Houeaut Ministry will be challenged. It is quite clear that Yorke's Peninsula, and its interests, are lo be passed over by the Government. It is said that they intend to devote themselves those districts only in which they ale directly or indirectly into, .;!,-,i. Their broad and libera! policy i - a • h which has b"en ably exposed by '•he. Hoii. Mr. liiyih ; and 1 am sure your reader-: wdil be glad to see more suitable men ruling lhe | Whilst agreeing with our correspondent in his view thai Yorke's Peninsula does liuL appear to have the favorable consideration ol the Government, we are not >vi!h him in his conclusions. Eli.J norWOOO is going ahead. This pleasant suburb has always been a favorite: spot for residence, and during the past few years an incredible number of houses have been erected, Tenders have recently been received for the erection of tlie New Post OHic- :Uid Tele- :-, 1 aph Sation there, and also for the local institute. Mi-. J']. 'J'. Smith's brewery in Kent Town is assuming eollosa! proportions, other large and handsome buildings are being put up, and Lhe once promises to become a great, business thoroughfare. I wish it all success. 1011 LLI I 1 J'HJl.LIl's, the ".Singing Pilgrim" commenced his sacred concerts in Pirie Street Chapel last night, and was very successful. He will visit the Peninsula shortly, and 1 believe you will enjoy his minstrelsy. SI'IKITUALISM. •' Do you believe in Spiritualism is the common question of to-day. S iine very nice people certainly do. and they have been aiming at my conversion by sending me s through the post various papers, devoted to the defence of zoisl.ic science (whatever that may mean), and tlx; spiritual philosophy. Well, 1 did liuL put them in the lire, byl actually read I hem. You won't thank mi: lor giving you long and weary extracts abuuL "spirit s'" •-mediums,"' "trances," iic., A:e.; but, I cull a few choice specimens from the l -J:nunfi- u f LlijIiI." Here's an advertisement headed—••'lhe wonderful healer and clairvoyant;" a Mrs. Morrison "diagnosing disease by lock of hair, one dollar. Give age and sex." Here's another—" Sealed letters answered by H. W. Flint, :V.i, West. 2-1 Street, New York". Tei ins two dollars and Lhree stamp*. Motley returned if not answered." This is the way the Editor records an ac.-idcnt—" It was a duet, this time. Two servant girls at Cleveland, Ohio, kindled a lire with a can of gasoline, and then passed through glory s morning gate jusL as slick as could be."' This is a weekly paper, published at Huston, in Anieri a, and contains eight large demy pages, printed in the very smallest. type. About two and a half pages are tilled wiLh advertisements, principally of new books, and notifications of mediums. The rest of the columns are filled with some of tlie most extraordinary stories LhaL 1 ever saw i" prinL ghosts, apparitions, supernatural phenomena. &.c. 1 must candidly confess that 1 give up all attempts at explanation. If it, is ail imposition, it is one of Ihe most remarkable LhaL 1 ever read of: if it is truw, (he professing Chrislian of Lhe ordinary type is Very much in error. So far we know nothing of spiritism here, but in Vict.oria the ism is going ahead, and all kinds of wonderful things are done Lo be done, at si-.iiihis. In Melbourne they tj(j have a large bookstore, containing thousands of books in defence of the new system, and Lwo or three organised societies, several mediums, and all the usual paraphernalia pertaining to this novel religion. I suppose we must look out for its advent in South Australia ere long. ADELAIDE ILLUSTRATED Mr. Williams has introduced an old " novelty' — sheets of note-paper, each containing a view of some public building in the city. The pictures are beautifully done, and are exactly the thing to send to home friends. 1 anticipate for this "novelty"' a great sale. The like were very popular in England thirty years ago. 