Ls:o.u Pet.vcsEoi ooY.-- Tho following happy parody on the verboseness of legal phraseology occurs in a work just published, entitlod The Mochanics of Law-making:- "If a man would, according to law, give to another an orange, instead of saying, 'I give you that orange,' which o0e should think would he what is called, in legal phraseology, ' an absolute conveyance of all right and title therein,' the phrase would run thus-' I give you all and singu lar, my estate and interest, right, title, claim and advantage of and in that orange, with all its rinld, skin, juice, pulp and pipe, and all right and advantage thereiu, with full power to bite, cut, suclr, or othsrw'ise oat the same away, as fully and effectually as I, the said A. B., am now entitled to bite, cut, 1 nuck, or otleerwiee eat tle said orange, or give same away, with or without its rind, skin, juice, pulp, and pips, any thing hero iuboforo, or hereinafter, or in any other deed or deeds, instrument or instruments, of what nature or kind soever, to the contrary in anywise, notwithstanding;' with much more to the same offect. Such ie the lan guage of lawyers; and it is very gravely hbld by the most learned nien amongst them that by the omission of any of those worde, the right to the said orange would not pass to the person for whoso use the same was intended." Tim OorA-wrn TohsEr,.-That the gigantic work of tunnelling the channel between Francs and England will be attempted seems certain. Conventions for a preliminary trial of five hundred yards from the shore on each side, have boon signed by the French minister of public works, and M. MIichol Chevalier as the representative of the French company formed for carrying out the work; and the task of building an experimental piece of the tunnel will be proceeded with this spring under the following engagements :--Tle company undertakes to expend, within five years at farthest, on Fronnh territory a sum not less than £80,000, in preliminary investi gations, oxperiments, &o.; At the end of the five years they will have the right of abandon ing or retaining the concession made to them, and will have to come to autuaderetanding with the English company, furnished with the necessary powers to ensure the construc tion and the working of this proposed tunnel. The period allowed for the construction of the tunnel is fixed at twenty years ; and the period for which the concession will be granted is to be ninety-nine years from the opening of the tunnel. The French govern ment pledges itself to authorise no other tunnel between France and England for a period of thirty years from the opening; so that the company will have a monopoly of thirty years; a very short time in which to get bank the twenty millions sterling which this colossal undertaking is expested to cost, besides providing the necessary outlay for keeping in repair and working, even should the outlay be kept to ths twenty millions of the estimates which, in the opinion of many able men, will be far exceeded by the actual execution of the project. The English coca pany has also been formed; and preliminary works are to be begun on both shores, to test the possibility of the undertaking, and the existence of the bed of chalk which is believed to extend the whole way between the two shores, and throuzh which it is pro posed to bore the tunnel. The chief engineers of the work are to be Sir John Hawkshaw, on the English side; and on the French side, M. Lovally, the general contractor of the Suez Canal. Yorxo IuEas Ix S~x Fscxcsco.--Some San Francisco school children gave such queer answers to questions put to them in their recent examination -papers that the newspapers printed them. Here are a few examples: "Man is the largest being on land." "' Toe difference between a dog and a cow is, a dog has five toes on his front feet and four toes on his hind foot." "Deciduous moans to dry up." " The lawyer constructs people." "Lawyers ere peace-makers." "Lawyers plead cases and use common senlse." "The doctor saves people from dyigj, and is a very useful man for cutting off legs and heads." "Doctors are men." "TTho lawyers,- if you lend some money to another man, and lie did not pay you, you would go to suit, and get a divorce." "Law yere decide a case of trouble." In answer to "give the names of two domestic animals and their bses," one child replied, " chicken \--their uses are eggs. The cow-its uses is to give milk, and those two animals nurse their young ones." Being required to give "' fire parts of a tree," one boy wrote, "top, bottom, middle, and two sides." At the Guildholl on January 29, Mr. Heonry Freeman, the publisilor of the World newepaper, was summoned before Sir Thos. Gabriel on the charge of having published a malicious and defamatory libel of and con cerning Messrs. Honry Beyfus and-Albert Boss in that newspaper on the 29th Decem ber last. Mr. Williams, who appeared for the complainants, said that the present pro secution would be withdrawn if the names of the writer of the articles and the editor of the newspaper were given up. He then read the several articles complained of, and said the complainants did not object to the defendant calling them money-lenders or hill-discounters as he did; but they objected to being classed with men who had been bankrupt and insolvent, and had been con victed before the magistrates. Mr. Albert B3ss was called, and said that he was in partnership with Mr. "Henry Beyfus, at 7 Sackeille-street. They carried on business ns bill discounters and diamond merchants. In answer to MIr. Lewis, by whom he was cross-examined on behalf of the defendant, he said he did not know the age of the youngest person to whom he had lont money, but thought it was about twenty years. He charged interest according to the risk he ron. He had not charged 100 per cent., but he had iO and 60 per cont. -He had lent money to a lady twice when she was introduced by her son. 'e lent money to Lard Albert Clinton on the security of his sister at 60 per cent., and he was sorry for it. He charged is. 3d. in the pound for month interest on overdue bills. The hearing of the case ox tended over several days, and it was ulti mately dismissed. The Chilliogham, a large sailing vessel of Noweastle-on-Tyno, which left Philadelphia for England on the 10th of November, has not since been heard of, and is believed to have been lost. A name-board has been picked up at sea which is thought to have belonged to her. She was commanded by Mr. Thomas.Beer of Ilectory-square, Step ney, and carried a crow of fifteen hands. The inquest on the bodies of the seven per -ons killed by the boiler explosion at the works of Messrs. Lord Bros., machinists, Todmorden, on the 21st January, was con eludod on February 1. The jury found that the explosion was caused by the extensive corrosion and grooving of the plates of the boiler, and that there was an error of judg ment on the part of Edmund W'oodhoad, tiee enginoman in charge, which led him to believe and to report to the Mossrs. Lord that the boiler was in safe working order, and they recommended that there be govern ment inspectors of all steam boilers. A bad ease of hydrophobia is reported from Preston. A man named William Hodge, after retuerning home from work a few oven nings ago, complained of a severe pain in Ihis right arm. A surgeon who was called in, having noticed a peculiar mark on the arm, suspected that the man had at some time been bitten by a dog. His fears were verified noxtday, when Hedge went raving mad, fell into convulsions and foamed at the mouth. He was removed to the infirmary with great difliculty, two or three strong men being scarcely able to restrain him, and died in great agony on January 30. A fatal gun accident occurred on Sunday, January 31, at the Oldham Bluecoat School. A loaded gun had been left in the school for the purpose of killing rats. A boy named Worsley took the gun and asked " Who wants to be shot ?" A boy named Hamilton said that he did, and on his opening his mouth the other boy put his finger to the trigger, and the gun went off, killing Hamil ton on the spot. The Chapter of Paderborn having been summoned by the Prussian government to elect a successor to the deposed bishop, have definitely declined, on the ground thlat that crould be committing a grievous wrong to Moonsignor Martin, who was appointed to tihe bishopric by the Holy Ghost, and at the same time excluding themselves from" the Catholic Churoh by violation of its laws. 