m ? ? LONGFORD. (From our own Correspondent.) The quiet little towmliip of Longford has been roused from its accustomed state ol lethargy by the presence of such dis tinguished visitors us the Archbishop of Sydney, the Iliahopof UobarlTown, and tbe Very Rev. Dr. Colletli, who have boen the guests of the liev. J. J. McKernan sinee last Thursday. The principal object of the Bishop's visit was to confer the Sacrament of Confirmation ou etch of the congregation as hud not yet received that grace. At half-past ten on Sunday morning all who were prepared — to tho number of thirty — asieinblud at St. Augustine's Church. At eleven o'clock the distin guished prelates were received at the door of the church by the rev. pastor.and conducted to their respective tbroneB within the sanctuary. The Uiahop then proceeded to examine the younger portion of the candidate in order to ascertain if they had acquired the requisite knowledge of Christian doctrine to fit them for the reception of the sacrament. Tbe exami nation being ended, Dr. Oollelticelebratcd JUitta Cantata, after whioli His Lordship addressed those about to be confirmed explaining the nature of the sacrament aud its effects upon tbe soul by the re ception of the Holy Ghost, and how necessary it wan, in these days especially when infidelity is ho rampant, that all should avail themselves of the strengthen ing grace of this sacrament. The Bishop tbeu conferred the sacra ment, and when the recipients had retired to their places, again addressed .them, exhorting them to he ever careful to guard tho precious faith which it was their blessed privilege to possess ; to bo zealous in the discharge of every Christian duly ; and to keep inviolably all the command menls of God, for the violation of any one was sufficient lo bring down hi* wrath. His Lordship also took the opportunity of complimenting the zealous pastor on bin energetie. labors in the cause of religion, and ipecia'.ly alluded to the purchase of the presbytery and the burial ground, and the many other necessary improvements effected during the short spBre of twelve mouths ; aud the congregation for their hearty co-operation in his efforts on their behalf. He then dismissed them with hit episcopal blessing. Tho evening bcrrice was conducted by the rev. pastor. Tho Her. Dr. Collelti preached an eloquent and instructive ser mon, taking tor hi« test— ' Know you not that you arc now the temple of God, and the Holy Spirit dwelleth iu you.' After the service, the beuedictiou was bestowed by the liev. McKernan. On Monday ercning. His Grace ;the Archbishop, His Lordship the Bishop, and the Her. Dr Colletti left by train for FebC2i,nis76. 