THE NOVELIST. THREE FEATHERS. CHAPTER XXXIV.-A DARK CONSPIRACY. (CONTINUED.) On the first nightof hisarrival at EglosilyanTreL yon stole away in the (daBkness, down to the inn There were no lamps in the steep road, which was rendered all the darker by the highrocky bank with its rough masses of foliage ; he feared that by ac cident some one might be out and meet him. Bul in the absolute silence, under the stars, he made his way down until he was near the inn ; and there in the black shadow of the road, he stood and looked at the lighted windows. Koscorla was doubtless within-lying in an easy-chair, probably, by the fire, while Wenna sang her old-fashioned songs to him. He would assume the air of being one of the family now-only holding himself a little above the family. Perhaps he was talking of the house he meant to take when he and Wenna married. That was no wholesome food for reflection on which this young man's mind was now feeding, He stood there in the darkness, himself white as a ghost, while all the vague i maginings of what might be going on within the house seemed to be eating at his heart. This, then, was the comfort he had found, by secretly stealing away from Lon don for a day or two ; he had arrived juBt in time to find his rival triumphant. The private door of the inn was at this moment opened ; a warm glow of yellow streamed out into the darkness. "Good-night," said some one; was it Wenna? "Good-night," was the answer; and the figure of a man passed down the road. Trelyon breathed more freely ; at last his rival was out of the house. Wenna was now alone ; would she go up into' her own room, and think over all the events of the day ? And would she re member that he had come to Eglosilyan ; and that she could, if any such feeling arose in her heart, summon him at need P It was very late that night before Trelyon re turned-he had gone all round by the harbour, and the cliffs, and the high-lying church on the hill. All iu the house had gone to bed ; but there was a fire burning in his study ; and there were biscuits and wine on the table. A box of cigars stood on the mantelpiece. Apparently he was in no mood for the indolent comfort thus suggested. He stood for a minute or two before the fire, staring into it, and seeing other things than the flaming coals there; then he moved about the room, in aa impatient and ex cited fashion ; finally, with his hand trembling a little bit, he sat dawn and wrote this note : " DEAR MOTHER,-The horses and carriage will be at Launceston station by the first train on Saturday morning. Will you please send Jakes over for them ? And bid him take the horses up to Mr.-'s stables, and have them fed, watered, and properly rested before he drives them over. Your affectionate son, HARRY TRELYON." Next morning, as Mabyn Kesewarae was coming briskly up the Trevenna road, carrying in her arma a pretty big parcel, she was startled by the ap pearance of a young man, who suddenly showed himself overhead, and then scrambled down tho rocky bank until he stood beside her. " I've been watching for you all the morning, i Mabyn," said Trelyon. " T-1 want to speak to ! you. Where are you going ?" " Up to Mr. Trewhella's, You know his grand daughter is very nearly quite well again; and there is to be a great gathering of children there to-night to celebrate her recovery. This is a cake I am carrying that Wenna has made herself." " Is Wenna to be there ?" Trelyon said eagerly. "Why, of course," said Mabyn, petulantly. " What do you think the children could do with out her?" " Look here, Mabyn," he said. " I want to speak to you very particularly. Couldn't you just as well go round by the farm road P Let me carry your cake for yam" Mabyn guessed what he wanted to speak about, and willingly made the circuit by a more private road leading by one of the upland farms. At a certain point they cameïto a s tile; and here they rested, So far Trelyon had said nothing of con sequence. " Oh, do you know, Mr. Trelyon," Mabyn re marked, quite innocently, " I have been reading Buch a nice book-all about Jamaica." " So you're interested about Jamaica, too ?" said he, rather bitterly. " Yes, much. Do you know that it is the most fearful place for storms in the whole world - the most awful hurricanes that come smashing down everything and killing people. You can't escape if you're in the way of the hurricane, It whirls the roofs off the house, and twists out the plantain trees just like strawB. The rivers waBh away whole acres of caned and swamp the farms. Some times the sea rages so that boats are carried right up into the streets of Kingston. There!" ' But why does that please you ?" " Why," she said, with proud indignation, " the I notion of people talking aa if they could go out to Jamaica and live for ever, and come back just when they please-it is too ridiculous ! Many accidents may happen. And isn't November a very bad time tor storms ? Ships often get wrecked going out to the West Indies, don't they ?" < At another time Trelyon would have laughed at this bloodthirsty yeung woman ; at this moment he was too serious. " Mabyn," said he, " I can't Dear this any longer -standing by like a fool and looking on while another man is doing his best to marry Wenna; I can t go on like this any longer. Mabyn, when did you say she would leave Mr. Trewhella's house to night?" " I did not say anything about it. I suppose we luall leave about ten; the young ones leave at nine." " You will be there ?" " Yes, Wenna and I are going to keep order." " Nobody else with you?" «. No." lie looked at her rather hesitatingly. "And supposing, Mabyn,"he said slowly, "sup posing you and Wenna were to leave at ten, and ' that it is a beautiful clear night, you might walk down by the wood instead of by the road ; and then, supposing that you came out on the road dawn at the foot, and you found there a carriage and pail of horses-" Mabyn began to look alarmed. " And if I was there," he continued more rapidly, "and I said to Wenna suddenly, 'Now, Wenna, think nothing, but come and save yourself .from this marriage Î There is your sister will come with you-and 1 will drive you to Plymouth-" Oh, Mr. Trelyon 1" Mabyn cried, with a sudder joy in her face, " she would do it ! She would dc it 1" " And you, would you come too ?" he demanded " Yes," the girl cried, full of excitement. " And then ?" " Why ?" he cried boldly, " up to London at one« -twenty-four hours' start of everybody-and ir London we are safe 1 Then, you know, Mabyn--' " Yes, yes, Mr. Trelyon !" " Don't you think now that we two could per suade her to a quick marriage-with a special licence, you know-you could persuade her, I an sure, Mabyn-" In the gladness of her heart Mabyn felt hersel: at this moment ready to fall on the young man'i neck and kiss him. But she was a properly con ducted young person ; and so she rose from the bif block of slate on which she had been sitting anc managed to suppress any great intimation of he: abounding joy. But she was very proud, ali th same ; and there was a great firmness about her lip as she said : " We will do it, Mr, Trelyon, we will do it. D< you know why Wenna submitB to this engagement Because she reasons with her conscience, and pei suades herself that it is right. When you meet hö like that, she will haye no time to consider-" " That is precisely what my grandmother says, Trelyon said, with a triumphant laugh. "Yes, she was a girl once," Mabyn repliée sagely. " Well, well, tell me all about it ! Whs arrangements have you made ? You haven't go the special license ?" "No," said he, "I didn't make up my mind t try this on till last night. But the difference of day is nothing, when yoH are with her. We shal be able to hide ourselves away pretty well in Lon don, don't you think ?" " Of course !" cried Mabyn, confidently. " Bu tell me more, Mr. Trelyon ! What have you ax ranged ? What have you done ?" i What could I do until I knew whether you'< I help me?" "You must bring a fearful amount,of wrap I with you. I "Certainly-more than you'll want, I knov» And I shan't light the lampa until I hear you com i ing along ; for they would attract attention dow: j in the valley. I should like to wait for you elsi where ; but if I did that, you couldn't get Wenn i to come with you. Do you think you will eve 1 then ?" " Oh, yes," said Mabyn, cheerfully. " Nothinj easier ! I shall tell her she's afraid ; and then eh would walk down the face of Black Cliff. By th way, Mr. Trelyon, I must bring something to es ! with me, and some wine-she will will be so nei vous --and the long journey will tire her." "You will be at Mr. Trewhella's Mabyn ; yo I can't go carrying things about with you !" "I could bring a bit of cake in my pocket I Mabyn suggested ; but this seemed evan to her s ludicrous that she blushed and laughed and agree that Mr. Harry should bring the necessary provi I sions for the wild night-ride to Plymoth. " Oh, it does so please me to think of it !" sh I said with a curious anxious excitement as well £ gladness in her face ; " I hope I have not forgotte to arrange anything. Let me 6ee-we start at ter then down through the wood to the road in tl hollow-oh, I hope there will be nobody comin along just then !-then you light the lamps-the you come forward to persuade Wenna-by the wa; I Mr. Trelyon, where must I go ? Shall I not 1 dreadfully in the way ?" " You ? You must Btands by the horses' headf I I shan't have my man with me. And yet they'] i not very fiery animals-they'll be IOBS fiery, the ui fortunate wretches, when they get to Plymouth." "Atwhat time?" " About half-past three in the morning, if we p straight on," said ho. " Do you know a good hotel there ?" said tl practical Mabyn. " The best one is by the station ; but if you slee in the front of the house, you have the whistlir of engines all night long, and if you sleup in tl back, you overlook a barracks, and the confound^ trumpeting begins about four o'clock, I believe.' " Wenna and I won't mind that-we shall be tc tired," Mabyn said. " Do you think they cou give us a little hot coffee when we arrive ?" " Ch, yes ! I'll give the night-porter a sovoreif, a cup-then he'll offer to bring it to you in buckel Now don't you think the whole thing is beaul fully arranged, Mabyn P" «It is quite lovely!" the girl said ]OVOUB1 "for we shall be off with the morning tram London, while Mr. Roscorla is pottering about V Launceston station at mid-day! Then we must send a telegram from Plymouth, a-floe, dramatic telegram; and my father, he will swear tí little, but he'll be quite content, and my mother-do you know, Mr. Trelyon, I believe my mother will-be as glad as anybody! What shall we say?-'To Mr. ßosewarne, Eglosilyan. We have fled. Not the least good pursuing us. May as well make up your mind to the inevitable. Will write to morrow,' is that more than the twenty words for a shilling?" " We shan't grudge the other shilling if it is," the young man said. " Now you must go on with your cake, Mabyn! I am off to see after the horses' shoes. Mind, as soon after ten as you can-just where the path from tko wood comes into the main road." Then she hesitated, and for a minute or two she remained thoughtful and silent ; while he was in wardly hoping that she was not going to draw back. Suddenly she looked up at him, with earnest and anxious eyes. . "Oh, Mr. Trelyon," she said, "this is a very serious thing. You-you will be kind to our Wenna after she is married to you !" " You will see, Mabyn," he answered gently. " You don't know how sensitive she is/' she con tinued, apparently thinking over all the possibili ties, of the future in a much graver fashion than She had done. "If you were unkind to her, it would kill her. Are you quite sure you won't regret it ?" "Yes, I am quite sure of that," said he, " as sure as a man may be. I don't think you need fear my being unkind to Wenna. Why, what has put such thoughts into your head ?" " Why," she said, passionately, " haven't I seen already how a.man can treat her? Haven't I read the insolent letters he has sent her? Haven't I seen her throw herself on the bed, beside herself with grief? And-and-these are things I don't forget, Mr. Trelyon. No, I have got a word to, say to Mr. Roscorla yet for his treatment of my sister -and I will say it. And then:-" The proud lips were beginning to quiver. "Come, come, Mabyn," said Trelyon, gently, " don't imagine all men are the same. And per haps Roscorla will have been paid out quite suffi ciently when he hears of to-night's work. I shan't baar him any malice after that, I know. Alpeady I confessai feel a good deal ol compunction as re gards him." . " I don't at all-I don't a bit," said Mabyn, who very quickly recovered herself whenever Mr. Ros oorla's name was mentioned. "If you only can get her to go away with you, Mr. Trelyon, it will serve him just right. Indeed, it is on his account that I hope you will be successful. I-I don't quite like Wenna running away with y»u, to tell you the truth-I would rather have her left to a quiet decision, and to a marriage with everybody approving. But there is no chance of that. This is the only thing that will save her." "That is precisely what I said to you," Trelyon said, eagerly, for he was afraid of losing so invalu able an ally. " And yo a will be very, very kind to her P." ""I'm not good at-fine words, Mabyn. 7 You'll see." . -v . She held out her hand to him, and, pressed his warmly." ,',V -, :.' " Í believe you will'be a good husband to her; and I know you will get the Dent wife in the whole world!". ,.: . She was going away when he suddenly said "Mabyn!" . 1 : , She turned.' ' ' *':".' (; :.. "Do you know," said he rather shamefacedly, " how much I am grateful to y«u for all your frank straightforward ^indnoss-and your, help-rand your courage-:-. ' ,¡, " No, no r' said the young girl, good-humouredly. " You make Wenna happy, and don't consider me i" . : :: \:... . .. ;. , CHAPTEB XXXV.-UNDKB THE WHITE STABS. During the whole glad evening Wenna had been Queen of the Feast, and her subjects had obeyed her with a joyous submission. They did not .take quite se kindly to Mabyn, for she was sharp of tongue and imperious in her ways ; but they knew that they could tease her elder sister with impu nity-always up to the well-understood line at which her authority began. That was never ques tioned. Then, at nine o'clock, the servants came, some on foot and some on dog-carts ; and presently there was a bundling up. of tiny figures in rugs and wrapB, and Wenna stood at the door to, kiss each of them and say good-bye. It was half- past nine when that performance was over. "Now, my dear Miss Wenna," said the old clergy man, "you must be quite tired out with your labours. Come into the Btudy-I believe the tray has been taken in there." " Do you know, Mr. Trewhella," said Mabyn boldly, " that Wenna hadn't time to eat a single bit when all those children were gobbling up cake. Couldn't you let her have a little bit-a little bit of cold meat now-" "Dear, dear me !" said the kind old gentleman, in the. deepest distress, "that I should not have remembered!" There was no use in protesting. In the snug little study she was maae to eat some supper ; and if Bhe got off with drinking one glass of sherry it Was not through the intervention of her sister, who apparently would have had her drink a tumbler-full.' It was hot until a quarter past ten that the girls could get away. " Now I must see you young ladies down to the village, lest some one should run away with you," the old clergyman said, taking down his top coat. " Oh no, you must not-you must not, indeed, Mr. Trewhella 1" Mabyn said anxiously. " Wenna and I always go about by ourselves-and far later than this too. It is a beautiful, clear night ! Why _» ' Her impetuosity made'her sister smile. " You talk as if you would rather like to be run away with, Mabyn," Bhe said. "But indeed, Mr. Trewhella, you must not think of coming with us. It is quite true what Mabyn says." And so they went out into the clear darkness together ; and the door was shut ; and they found themselves in the silent world of the night-time, ?with the .white stars-throbbing overhead. -Far away in the distance they could hear the murmur' of the'pea; - ;.: "Are you cold, Mabyn, that you tremble so?" said the elder sister; " No-only a sort of shiver ii coming out into ' the night air." ' Whatever it was it was soon over. Mabyn seemed to be unusually cheerful. " Wenna," she said, " you're afraid bf ' ghosts !" "No, I'm not." " I know you are." ' " I'm not half aB much afraid of ghosts as you are, that's quite certain." "I'll bet you you won't walk down through the wood." ' ' - * " Just now?" . ' "Yes." ; ,. ? " Why, I'll not only go down through the ¡wood, but I'll undertake .to bo home before you, though you've a, broad road'to guide you.": , ¡ . (TO BK CONTENUKD.) . 