HALVES By James Payn, AUTHOR OF LOST SIR MASSINGBERD, A PERFECT TREASURE, AT HER MERCY, ETC. Published by. special arrangement with the Author all rights reserved.] Chapter XIII.—The Accusation. Although I have spoken of brother Alec as an invalid, he was not Buch in the ordinary acceptation of the term ; for, although he denied himself to guests, he came down to every meal, and was treated in every respect as usual by his hostess, which, I am sorry to say, was with no respect at all. It was not to be expected that much fuss should be made about a " poor relation," who felt a little out of sorts, but it seemed shameful that her tongue should be just as rancorous against the poor old gentleman, in his present depressed and feeble state, as though he had been in good health. Even the school-bully holds his hand when his victim is sick. " So, Mr. Alexander," observed Mrs. Raeburn at dessert that evening, and immediately after the servant had with drawn, " you have been telling pretty tales to Mr. Hastings, I hear." This was evidently a feeler ; some sus picion probably still lingering in her mind that the rector might have learnt more than he chose to tell. "Tale3, madam? I had no tales to tell," answered poor brother Alec, in tones that, for all my pity for him, re minded me of the needy knife-grinder in Canning's ballad. " Oh, indeed,"was the snappish reply; "then I suppose Mr. Hastings invented them. You want to see the doctor, it seem3, and make complaints that your wish has not been anticipated." "Indeed, madam, there is some mis take. I never expressed any such wish to Mr. Hastings. Bo doctor would do me any good; no, no." The pathos of his words, which pierced every heart but one, only added fuel, 1 could see, to Mrs. Itaeburn's fire ; but he went on, uncon ciously of that, with his humble apology. " 1 There is nothing the matter with me, Hastings,' I said. ' I am not ill.' " "You look ill then," exclaimed his hostess with acerbity, " and that is ex ceedingly unpleasant. 1 Why doesn't he cut off that dreadful beard,' said Mr. Hastings, ' which makes our friend look so ghastly V 1 wish you would, Mr. Alexander ; I have always said I disliked it." Cruel and insolent as were her words, the voice and manner with which she spoke them were even still more harsh. A faint flush crept over the old man's white face, as he cast—it was very rarelj that he did so now—a mute appealing glance at his brother. Mark shuffled in his chair uneasily. "Matilda, I think you are going too far," he Baid, "in meddling with my brother Alec. It cannot make any dif ference to you whether he wears a beard or not. He is not your husband—eh, Alec ?" (here the attorney gave a ghost of a laugh). "He is old enough, my dear, |to choose for himself whether he shall shave or not, I suppose." "1 only echoed Mr. Hastings'very reasonable remark," replied Mrs. Rae burn, more mildly; not influenced pro bably so much by her husband's appeal as moved for the moment by the dis pleasure evident in Gertrude's face, aud the disgust (I hope) expressed by my own. " A beard, as I always said, does not become Mr. Alexander; and in every case it is an outlandish and unnecessary appendage. People of position can, of course, be as eccentric in their ap pearance as they pl^a^e; but that i3 certainly not your brother's case. I have heard you say myself _ that it is absurd in the chemist's assistant to wear moustachios. I mean nothing offen sive, but I object to it on principle, as incongruous and unseemly. Of course, Mr. Alexander will do as he likes, but I have expressed my sentiments." Here Gertrude rose from her chair_ in indignant protest ; it was her intention to have walked straight out of the room, in sign that she would be no_ longer wit ness to her cousin's humiliation; but Mrs. Eaeburn, affecting to misunderstand her, and to have herself given the signal for rtreat, rose with her, and they nuitte the apartment together. "Mark," said brother Alec, "you heard what your wife has said to me; what am I to do ?" His voice, though gentle, was very steady, more so than it ever had been since the change had occurred in his posi tion in the house. The attorney helped himself to a whole glass of brandy—he made no stranger of his brother now in that respect—and then answered, "I should please myself, Alec. You heard what I said to Matilda. I would say as much again and more. It is I who "have prevented her sending away your parrot. I had a great fight for that, and she is at me about it almost every night." "Do not make your life unhappy on my account, Mark," was the quiet re joinder. "You mean me well, but you are not strong enough to help me. How can I expect it, when you cannot even help yourself?" " I don't know what you mean, Alec," replied the attorney, with an angry flush. " I am master in my own house, I hope. But, of course, there are some things in which one's wife will have her way; at least, that is so in England, however mat ters are managed in Peru." " I see," said the other coldly. " You say ' you see,' my dear Alec," laughed the attorney, on whom the liquor had begun to have an effect, " as if Beeing was not believing; but was it not so ? Did you not find your Peruvian wife rather inclined to. take the bit in her mouth, eh, like Matilda ?" " My wife is dead, Mark. When alive, she wa3 quite a different person from my sister-in-law." < " Well, yon see, you don't hit it off, you two ; and it's a sad pity. Matilda i3 naturally masterful, and you having no profession are always at home with her, and liable to her little onslaughts. It's a good thing for a married man to have a calling, if it's only that it gives him_ a loophole through which he can make him self Bcarce occasionally, I could defend you well enough—I've proved it to-night —if 1 could be always by, Alec; but I have no doubt she worries you when I am away. As for your beard—I say again she has no business to dictate such thing—but if I were in your place, and loved peace and quietness better, I'd cut it off. Then, perhaps, she will be pacified, and not pitch into me again for anight or two about the bird." The unreserve with which the attorney was accustomed to discuss his domestic affairs, and especially when he had been taking his favorite liquor, had long ceased to astonish me ; but I had never heard him confess his wife's supremacy so openly as on this occasion. I think he had nerved himself thus to acquaint his brother, once for all, that he was power less to help him. The little show of bitterness which the other had made in that "she was quite a different person from my sister-in-law," had annoyed the henpecked man and supplied him with the fillip he needed ; and he effected his object, since to my knowledge brother Alec never made appeal or remonstrance to him again. Except in matters relating to his own profession, wherein Mark was singularly discreet, and indeed so reticent in com municating them that I suppose no articled clerk ever learned less law than I did during the space of time that I re mained under his tutorship, he was, as I have said, by nature open and unreserved; this characteristic was shared by his son John, in whom it was even heightened by a total want of perception of the necessity of concealment; while Mrs. Raeburn, from long habit of despotic rule, rode roughshod over everybody, and gave her self no trouble to put the velvet glove on her iron fingers. Thus it happened that, though but a youthful student of human nature, the proceedings of the Raeburn family—for poor brother Alec was a cha racter one might run and read—and even their motives, were as clear to me as though I had been a Machiavelli. Nor | wa3 Gertrude Eloyd any enigma to me by this time; although no vows had been interchanged between us, I felt myself secure of her affections, and fondly hoped that only patience was needed on my part to enjoy a happiness of which I nevertheless acknowledged myself unde serving. Every day brought me some new proof—such as that tacit, but pointed re monstrance she had made against the treatment of her poor cousin—of her gene rosity and spirit; and I watched her ripening charms of mind and body as the child watches the peach that has been promised to him ripening on the garden wall, without a thought of the canker worm, or of the thief. Indeed, who could be the thief in this case, even in design, save the volatile John, of whose rivalship I knew I need entertain no fears ? Thus then stood matters at the Priory, when a circumstance occurred which placed the unhappy dependent on his brother's bounty in even a more humiliat ing position than he had yet occupied, while it also threatened to deprive him of the sympathy entertained for him by those who claimed to be his friends. This sympathy was just then at its height, since the poor fellow had actually sub mitted to the personal degradation sug gested. by his implacable hostess, and parted with his venerable beard. I am aware of the ludicrous ideas that such a sacrifice cannot but suggest. " Tne manly growth that fringed his chin" is a line which trie3 the gravity of even the readers of an epic; and how, therefore, is it possible to make such matters serious in plain prose 1 Yet the personal in dignity it inflicted on brother Alec, con sidering his age, and kinship, and forlorn ) condition, was as great as it is possible to conceive, and stirred the indignation of all beholders—fortunately by this time confined to the family circle. There was one feature in the case that might have moved even Mrs. Raeburn herself, had 1 she not been as emotionless as a mill-1 stone—namely, that the change thus wrought in the old man's appearance brought out his likeness to her son in the most extraordinary manner. The lines and wrinkles in the old man's face were already mirrored in that of the young one, produced there, I fancy, partly by his tricks of grimacing ; and now that the dignity which the beard always gives to the aged was gone,'there was really little but the grey head—ex cept that the depressed and broken | manner contrasted strongly enough with John's upstart and graceless ways—to distinguish uncle from nephew. However, " Well, Mr. Alexander, 11 call that a great improvement; you really | do look now like a civilised being," was all the remark that the old man's com pliance with her wishes drew from his sister-in-law. If he had hoped to con ciliate her by his obedience he was mis taken indeed. A few days after this a letter arrived by the afternoon's post for Mrs. Raeburn, the contents of which (for it happened J that she received it at the dinner- table) appeared to all eyes to disturb her exceed ingly. "What is it Matilda?" enquired the attorney, anxiously. He was always anxious about letters, but of late months I had noticed that this habit had greatly increased with him. He did not drink more than usual in my presence, but I had a suspicion that he had taken to do so more and more in private, and that his nerves were beginning to be affected. " Never mind just now, Mark, you will all hear soon enough," wa3 his wife's reply, delivered in her most rigid tone ; and presently, when the servant had left the room, we did hear. " Mr. Alexander," she said, with stately calm, "I have received a com munication within the last half hour which concerns you nearly, and myself in a more remote degree. Am I favored, sir, with your attention ?" This question, which was shot out with amazing sharpness, startled brother Alec not a little. He had grown so accustomed to be the object of his sister- in-law's re marks, which partook largely of the style of a judge's address to the prisoner at the bar, and always ended in a pretty severe sentence, that he rarely raised his head when she addressed him, but he looked up now with a grave and deprecating air, and said, "I am quite at your service, madam, I assure you." " So you Bay, sir, and so you would have others believe, I know. It is part of your plan to be always submissive and yielding. It lias brought you a great deal of sympathy in this house, and which, no doubt, you also intended, considerable opprobrium upon myself. As for me, however, I have cared nothing for that, since I have been actuated solely by a sense of duty. I made a tolerable guess at your character when I first set eyes upon you." "Matilda !" exclaimed the attorney in mild expostulation, for either from weak ness or want of will he now hardly held up the shield at all between his brother and these cruel darts. "Matilda, lam surprised at you." " You will be more surprised at that man there"—and she stretched out hdr skinny arm and pointed to brother Alec across the table—" when I have told you what I have just now heard about him. I have incurred much odium, 1 say, upon this gentleman's account, because I read htm from the first, and was therefore not disposed to spoil and humor him. I have never permitted him—and I am now most thankful to say it—to have his own way in this house, though, I trust, I have not forgotten that he was my husband's brother." " A little more than kin and less than kind," murmured brother Alee, softly. "I daresay," continued Mrs. Raeburn, contemptuously, "you would not be so glib with your quotations, sir, if you knew what was coming." Her dislike of her poor relative was so excessive that she could not prevent herself from flying at himinthis cat-like manner,|whichsefiously compromised the dignity of her judicial tone. " The time has come, Mr. Alex ander," she continued, more solemnly, " for the correctness of my judgment to be established. It seems that we have not only harbored an impostor in this house, Mark, in the person of your injured brother yonder, but a common thief." An exclamation of horror broke from every lip, save that of the accused. The color came into his face, as it had often done under his sister-in-law's insults, and his thin white hands, which were peeling an orange—it had been the smallest on the dish, and had a spot of green mould [ upon it—trembled excessively; but he I did not even lift his eyes. "This is monstrous, Matilda; there must be some mistake," ejaculated the attorney. " Mistake !" echoed she, with a bitter laugh. " Look at the man, sitting there without a word to say for himself, and judge for yourselves." "I will answer for him, Mrs. Rae burn," exclaimed Gertrude, boldly. " If it is a mistake, or if it is not a mistake, it is a falsehood." " I am quite of Miss Floyd's opinion," said I. "Iti3a most infamous charge, whoever made it." " It's worse than that," observed John; "It's actionable; and you had better look out, mother." Mrs. Raeburn regarded us with com placent contempt. " The mistake, or falsehood, as you so delicately put it, Gertrude, is at least none of mine," said she ; " you shall hear whose it is, then judge whether it is likely to be correct or not. Three or four days ago I wrote to the Zoological Society in 1 ondon, offering to dispose of a Peru vian night parrot, and this i3 the official reply I received this afternoon :— " £ Madam—In reply to your commu nication of the 15th instant, I am in structed to acquaint you that the bird of which you speak is already the property of the Zoological Society, from whom it was Btolen some six months ago. It should have arrived at Southampton by the Java'—the vessel you came in, I be lieve, Mr. Alexander—c on the 18th of October last. The parrot had been be spoken from Peru, and our agent went down to the port in order to receive it but found ' '' That the bird had flown," interpolated the irrepressible John, in close imitation of his mother's manner. " Silence, sir," exclaimed she, so vehe mently, that John fell back in his chair with the air—a trifle exaggerated—of a gentleman who has been shot through the head. "{But found that the bird had been already conveyed away by a passenger. You are quite correct as to its value, and it is the fixed determination of the society to recover their property. Your brother in-law, they have no doubt, received it in ignorance that it had been unlawfully come by; biit unless it is instantly re stored to them, without charge, and with a satisfactory explanation of how he be came possessed of it, they will be com pelled to communicate with the police. Should any accident happen to the bird in the meantime, they will hold him responsible in the sum of one hundred pounds.' "You will not deny, I suppose, Mr. Alexander, that you were the passenger who took that bird away from the ship ?" "Mark," said brother Alec, softly, "your wife asks me whether I am a thief. Can you not answer for me even that far 1" " Of course, my dear Alec, of course ; but why can't you answer for yourself ? Nothing can surely be easier. It's a Bimple question of fact, you know." With a gentle sigh the old man turned to his hostess. "If, then, I needs must say so, madam, I did not steal the bird." "Do not prevaricate, sir. I did not ask you that question. What I asked was, YVere you not the passenger re ferred to, who brought that parrot from the ship ?" "I was, madam; but I did not steal it." " That is another subterfuge. Can you account for its possession? How came you by the bird ? Can you tell us that 1" And Mrs. Raeburn looked around her triumphantly ; she piqued herself on her powers of cross-examination, before which many a domestic.had succumbed in tears. " You wish to hear how I came by Chico !" answered the old man, quietly. ; " Nay, madam ; I will not tell you that." " You will not ? That means you dare not." Brother Alec's pale face worked convul sively. It was some time before he found 1 voice to say: i " You have my answer, madam, and it , is final." | "Verygood, sir, perhaps you will be more communicative to the police. The parrot "will, be sent to-morrow morning to its rightful owners. I am sorry, for your sake, that, the serpents have been des troyed [she had caused boiling water to be poured into their boxes through a hole in the lid], since a donation of them might have been considered in the way of amends. As to an explanation of how you became possessed of the bird, I have only one to offer." " But, Mrs. Baeburn—" appealed Ger trude. "No, Gertrude, I must 'decline to listen to you. The matter is top serious to be made the sublect of sentimental interference. If, as I guess, you were about to propose to pay the hundred pounds for this worthless fellow, I will not permit it; that would be, as my husband will tell you, to compound a felony." Then, turning to her hus band, " The Zoological Society may, perhaps, be content with the restitution of their property; but I am not going to run the risk of seeing the officers of the law enter my doors in search of a felon. After to-day your brother will find a home for himself elsewhere. He shall stay no longer under this roof." " But this is being very precipitate, Matilda," remonstrated the attorney. " Precipitate do you call it, Mr. Bae burn, when this man has been our guest here the better part of a year—eating and drinking of the best 1 It was through my weakly yielding to. your wishes that I have harbored him so long, not to mention his bird, which'is not his, it seems, nor ever has been. I must assert myself for once, Mark, as the mistress of the house. You must take your choice between your wife and him; for either he or I leave this roof to-morrow." There was not much doubt as to which of the two would have to go. (To be continued*) 