THE SOLDIER OF FORTUNE: A TALE OF THE 'OCRIMEAN WAR. PYTEm .AUTT-On or "f STAHNIEDEZ HMaL "' MsIrx Gy. ' V,": &O.;, &O.; , n-.. TR C r, LIL. (Co01 uzD.). W ELL,' he exclaimed, for since Charles Vavasseniur had reduced him-- unless on veryparticular occassions, like the present-to act the part of a mute, he had contracted the habit of talking to himself when alone; ' this be the strangest thingof all! What would they say at home could they see me sconced like a ramt in a hole, built up in a Iooshlian wall. By the time I get back Nat won't have much the better of me. :' He may know the tricks of Lunnon better.than I.do, but not, more of'the wouirld.' I LIt was enough thatrhis.master had told hlim they shouild retiurn.: HIow or when never troubled him. He placed implicit confidence in his word:. The promise was the only thing which sustained him in the midst of the privatinris which he:'daily endured . The poor fellow had be'enabout half an hour in his not very comfortable position, when he heard a kind ofascratching noise just oser his head, while he inlti'n'ctiunly dreR. into his hiding, place, wondering what - it . ,could. possibly mean Presently a rope was let down, and a few minutes hfterwards a man descended. The uikniown passed so near him that he could have touched him. . ' It be no Ghost at any rate,' thoiught Jack, a' t- the same time holding his breath;' they don't require ropes to climb by. As the mysterious personage reached the ground, he muttered something, which he thought sounded very much likean oath. In all probability he was not mistaken. The man looked carefully round him as if t> ascertain wether he was observed or not! and satisfied to all appearance with the scrutiny that such was not the case, walked leisurely towards the clump of trees. Jack, who had ample time to observe his features, recognised the assassin Ishmael, and bitterly regretted that he was unarmed, or that the hound had not been left with him. As the Israelite had a brace of pistols in his belt, the lad thought it most prudent to remain where 'he was, but if discovered he resolved to sell his life dearly. With some difficulty he contrived to draw the long clasp-knife from his pocket-the only weapon he possessed. Once or twice' he felt strongly tempted to cut the cord, which still dangled in front of his place of concealment. Ishmael meanwhile began to dig at the root of the third pine-tree; and having with much labour, for the ground was as hard as stone, succeeded in making a hole of a considerable depth, he drew from his belt a leathern bag, which he dropped into it, and immediately began replacing the earth and snow, and ter miiiated his labour by drawing his wolfskin cap several times as lightly as possible over the latter, so as to prevent the appearance of its having been disturbed. 'That be a cunning trick,' muttered Jack; 'but I know one as cute. It beant always those who-hide that find again.' After the observation which sufficiently in dicated his purpose, he carefully drew his head as. far as" possible into the hole, and held his breath, lest the murderer whom he doubted rnot would return by the way he came, should perceive that his actions had been watched. Jack decidedly had far more presence of mind than when Sir Edward Challoner sent him to London to find out his young master. Not even is cousin Nat could have acted more prudently. With this terrier like patience for which he was distinguished, the lad remained for more than an hour after the Jjw had returned and drawn the rope up after him, in his place of concealment, scarcely ventur'ng to breathe. -At lastihe descended and proceeded at once to ascertain :what it was that the Jew had interred so carefully. By means of his clasp knife, he quickly removed the earth, and drew forth the 'bag. It was filled with silver roubles. 'There must have been a thousand, at the very least. Doubtless they were Ishmael's share in the .profits of the illicit trade which, with the asssitance of the Bights, he had so long earned on. .. .. N' Nobad night's work,' thought Jack, as he coolly pl0aced his treasure in his girdle. 'I dare say the rascal stole them. MIay beo, they'll help Master Charley and Iback to England again.' TLihidea that there.was anything wrong in appi~o4riating th~eni never entered his imagina tion. He considered everything legitimate spoil which was taken from a Rooslian It had been settled between him and his master that he should wait till daybreak for the return;f the party,: anud in the event of their non.appearance, to return with the' sledge to the Cossack station in the wood alone. Anziously did 'the faithful fellow watch:the breakeof morning. At every rustling of the wind 11e fancied thati he heard the footsteps of hiii master.: In his anxiety for his safety he dlayed obeying the ord3rs which had been given him; nor was it till the gates were opened by .theiguard' that, with a heavy heart, he retraced his steps to the hut where he had conotaled the vel?iole. For the first time since his ~oj'ourn, in, Siberia, he felt how utterly depiendent he was upon the intelligence of others-to direot him Whilat be is 'driving over the frozen snow the eight or ten versts between Cheritz Khan and the station, we will follow the friends in their search after Ishmasl. No sooner had they.entered the town than Julian, aftei paying the offioer his stipulated bribe, took the lead, and was followed by his companions in silence; even the hound appeared to comprehend that the adventure they were engaged in wras a dangerous one, for he never once gave tongue, or attempted to stray from their side. The sagacity of the animal was only equalled by his-docility and fidelity. After marching through-the prinoipal street, they turned to the small square in which the building appropriated to the use of traders, who at stated periods visited the district, was 'situated. As we before stated, it was a low, irregular edifice, intersected by long corridors and partitions, which divided it on either side into, stparate ohambers.-. (To ne CoTINrszeI.) A ase tbsthhu caused some sensation, has recently been deilded in India, Gosper, a barrister of Calcutta, was east in. .?ug. to the amount of£100 for br eh of.lrolseeaofenrg. . IT;; 