SOUTIIEHN NEWS. (From the Jfrn-nry.) On TueBday afternoon, His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by the Hon. the Colonial Secretary andthe Hon. the Attorney General and Mr Weld-Bluudell, private secretary, visited the Male Invalid Dcp.il. Brickfields. The jiarty were shown over Ihc whole establishment and Mores by Mr Wilhrington, the Superintendent. Mis Exceucucy expressed liiniBcil mucn pleased with the clcanlfnc«B and order that every where prevailed, and made an entry, recom mending the immediate filling up of the contemplated new bath. His Excellency also expressed his satisfaction on visiting the newsroom, and said it would afford him much pleasure to follow the example of his prede cessor, and supply the readlngroom with such publications aa had been sent by Mr Du Cane. His Excellency next, accompanied by the same gentlemen, and also by Mr Swan, the Sheriff, paid a visit to the prison, Camp- . bell-street, which they were shown over t-y Mr Atkins. Uis Excellency Inspected the establishment minutely, and as in the case of the lirickfitldn, expressed great satisfac tion with tbc general good order and clcanii The Sydney team of cricketers left on Tuesday for home, by the Bteamablp City ofHobart. On the steamer leaving the wharf, the departing cricketers, who had mustered on the bridge, gave three cheers for their late opponents. The latter, who w»n- stationed on the wharf, cordlallv re turned the compliment. Uy the same steamer, the Right Itcv. Dr, Murray, Bishop of Malt land, was a passenger, and a number of the Roman Catholic olergy and friends assembled on the wharf, and wished tho rev. gentleman a pleasant voyage. Mr and Mrs Hoskins were also passengers by the Cily of Hohart. An adjourned meeting of those desirous of forming a volunteer corps, was held at Beau mont's Hotel, on Tuesday evening. About twenty-four persons attended. In the absence of chcchalrman, Dr. Crowlherjun.; and also, aa 18 names wore still wanting to make the required total of loo, tbo meeting was adjourned till Tuesday next. The cruel conduct of Ihc mischievous ghost manufacturers lias had a stop put on it, and not before time, for though It may seem difficult to believe in such 1 thing at this period of the 19th oentury, there can be no doubt that scroral persons have been frightened to a degree causing bodily and mental suffering. The guilty offenders are well-known, and yet nothing, In so far as we have hoard, has been done to bring them to justice, or even to expose them. How Is thin ? Are some of the offenders among the ' rcspoclaHos,' and, the.eforo permitted to do mischief with Impunity ; or 1ms the offence been squared ? If so, at what price, and for whose profit? Some of those watching the arrival of the TaBman on Wednesday, observed come on shore a number of the Melbourne swell mob. We would, therefore, advise visitors, publicans, and others doing business at tbo racecourse to be careful what money they take, and to be cautious as to those for vhom they change money. Unsigned and bad bank notes and sweated sovereigns are the most recent Melbourne Impositions. All who enter on any game, whether chance or skill, may Uy their account with being swindled. At an early hour this (Thursday) mom ing, the clipper ablp Wagoola, in command of Captain GalrncrosB, will depart on her homeward voyage. Amongst the specimens of Tasnianian natural history taken by this vessel, we notiord about 160 rosella parrota, a number of mountain parrots, flretalls, and magpies, tree and other varieties of ferns, and native plants. In this varied collection are several tree fems, and a case of living plants obtained from the top of Mount Wellington, forwarded by onrEoyal 8octoty to the Boyal Gardens at Kew. . lore's Ungnage,— Young bride : ' Was the hiiowp dwllpeouckumaf'-Tes, she was Ids ownty donty darting duokum,,' Exit old married man, enraged ud UBgnsUd. 