He BIRTHMABE. I Hashams1 Hawthobiw, i -— »«.— ->v - COKtliTOBDk j 4eain Aybner applied himself to liis labour#. SKeoould hear bis voice in the distant furnace- siring direotionB to Aminadab, whose harsh, SoofluUi, misshapen tone# were audible in re- more like the grant and growl of a brute than human speech. After honrs of absence, Avlmer reappeased and proposed that she should now examine his oabinet of chemical products, and natural treasures of the earth. Among the former he showed her a liftall vial, in which, he ttmstked, was contained a gentle yet most power ful fragrance, capable of impregnating all the brasses that blow aorois a kingdom. They were of inestimable value, the oontents of that little vial ; and, as belaid so, he threw some bf the per fame into the air and fillfcd tflb room with pierc- fog and ihtigbiating delight. Ahd what is this ?' asked Georgians, point fog to a small crystal globe containing a gold- ooloured liquid. ' It iB so beautiful to the eye that I could imagine it the elixir of life.' « In one sense— ftrisf- Tepiied Aylmer ; or rather, the elixir of immortality. It is the most precious poison that ever was bonboefcfed iti this World. By its Aid I coHld hjjjtofctfon the lifetime . M Any ftfortal ftt drhom yon might point your Kbger. The strength of the dose would determine whether he were to linger oat years, or drop dead in the midst of a breath. No king on his guarded throne could keep his life if I, in my private sta tion, should deem that the welfare of millions jus tified me in depriving him of it.' Why do you kbep tueh a terrific drug P' in 0 aired Georgians in hbrrafr. ' 33o you tniitrUsfc the, defttaBt r said her hus- PtoeL smiling j its virtuous potency is yet greater than its harmful one. Bat see 1 here is a powerful cosmetio. With a few drops of this in a vase of water, freckles-may be w&Bhed; away as easily as the hands are cleansed. A stronger in fusion wonld take the blood out of the cheek, and leave the rosiest beauty a pale ghost.' 'Is it with this lotion that you intend to bathe my cheek P asked Georgians anxiously. '6 no, hastily rbplied her husband ; 'this is htorifly superficial. Your case demands a remedy that shall go deeper.' i In his interviews with Georgians, Aylmer gen erally made minute inquiries as to her sensations, and whether the confinement of the rooms and temperature of the atmosphere agreed with her. These questions had suoh a particular drift that Georgians began to conjecture that the tree si- Itiady subjected to Certain physical influences, feflhet breathed in with the fragrant air or taken with her food. She fancied likewise, but it might be altogether fancy, that there was a stirring up of her system — a strange, indefinite sensation oreeping through her veins, and tinging, half- painfully, balf-pleasurably, at her heart. Still, whenever she dared to look into the mirror, there she beheld herself pale as a white rose, and with the crimson birthmark stamped upon her cheek; Hot even Ay lifter now hated It 0 touch As she. To dispel the tedium of the hours which her husband found it neoeisary to devote to the pro cesses of combination and analysis, Georgians turned over the volumes of his scientific library. In many dark old tomes she met with chapters fall of romance and poetry.;. They were the works of the philosophers of the Middle Ages, euoh as Albertus Magnus, Cornelius Agrippa, Par acelsus, and the famous friar Who Created the prophetic Brazen Head.. AH these antique na turalists stood in advanoe of their centuries, yet were imbued with some of their credulity, and therefore Were believed, and perhaps imagined themselves to have acquired -from the investiga tion of nature a power above -nature, and from physios a sway over the spiritual world Hardly less curious and imaginative, were the early tolames ef the Transections Of the Royal Society, in which the members, knowing little of the limits of natural possibility, were continually re cording wonders or proposing methods whereby woniers might be wrought. But, to Georgians, the most engrftsaingvVolume was a large folio from her husband's own hand, in which he had recorded every experiment in his scientific career, its original aim, the methods adopted for its development, and its final success or failure, with the circumstances to which either event was attributable. The book, in truth, was both the history and emblem of his ardent, ambi tion », imaginative, yet practical and laborious life. He handled physioal details as if there were nothing beyond them ; yet spiritualized them all, and redeemed himself from materialism by his strong and eager aspiration toward the infinite. In his grasp the veriest oiod of- earth assumed A soul. Georgians, as she read, reverenced Aylmer and loved him more profoundly than ever, but with a less entire dependence, on bis judgment than heretofore. Much as he had accomplished, she could cot but observe that his most splendid successes were almost invariably failures, if com- pared with the ideal at which he aimed. His brightest diamonde were the Merest pebbles, and felt to be so by himself, in comparison with tle inestimable which lay hidden beyond his reach. The volume, rich with achievements that had won renown for its author, was yet as melancholy a reoord as ever mortal hand bad penned. It wps the sad confession and continual exemplification of the shortcomings of the composite man, the spirit burdened with olay and working in matter, end of the despair that assails the higher nature at finding itself so miserably thwarted by the earthly part, Perhaps every, man of genius, in whatever sphere, might recognize the image of hi# own experience in Aylmer's journal. Bo deeply did these reflections affect Georgiana, that she laid her face npan the open volume and torst into tears. In this situation she was found by her husband. " 'It is dangeroos to read in & sorcerer's books,' Mid he with a smile, though his oonntenanoe was uneasy and displeased. ' Georgiana, there are pegs# ia that volume which I can scarcely glanpe -eV and keep my senses. Take heed lest it prove as detrimental to yon.' ' It has made me worship you more than ever/ tid she. ' Ah, wait for this one sucoess/ rejoined he, then worship me if yon will. I .shall deem my- self hardly unworthy of it. But come, I have ought yon for the luxury of your voice fling to dearest.' \\. Bo she poured out the liquid music of her voioe to quench the thirst of bis spirit. He then tooA .leave boyish exuberance of gaiety, as her that her seclusion would endure but a tow# longer, and that, the result was already ear to®. had he departed when Georgiana /! ttresisUbly impelled to follow him. flhe had "pcfc to mform Ayhner of A symptom which for two pr three hours past had begun to exoite her attention. It w as a Sensation in the fatal birth mark, not painfull but which induced a restless nesS throughout help ijrlteto. Hastefting after her husband, she intruded for the first time into the laboratory. The first thing that struck her eyes was the fur nace, that hot and feverish worker, with the in tense glow of its fire, which by the quantities of soot clustered above it seemed to have been burn ing for ages. There was a distilling apparatus in full operation. Around the room were retorts, tubes, cylinders, crucibles, and other apparatus -of chemical reiearch. An electrical machine stood teady for immediate Use The atmosphere felt oppressively Close, and was tainted with- gas eous odours which had been tormented forth by the processes of edience. The severe and homely simplicity, of the apartment, With its baked Walls and briok pavement, looked strange, accustomed as Georgiana had become to the fantastic elegance of her boudoir. But what ohiefly, indeed almost solely, drew her attention was the aspect of Ayl mer himself. He was pale as death, anxious and absorbed, and hung over the furnace as if it depended upon his utmost watchfulness whether the liquid whioh it was distilling should be the draught, of immor tal happiness Or toieerjr. How different from the sanguine and joyous mien that he had assumed for Georgiana'e encouragement ! 'Carefully now, Aminadab; carefully, thou human maohine ; carefully, thou man of clay/ muttered Aylmer, more to himself than to his sis sistant. 1 How, if there be a thought too muoh or too little, it is all over.' , ' Ho 1 ho 1' mumbled Aminadab. ' Look, master ! look !' Aylmer raised his eyes hastily, and at first red dened, theft grew paler than fiver; oft beholding Georgiana. He rushed towards her and seized her arm with a gripe thatieit the print of his fingers upon it, Why do you come hithea ? Have you no trust in your husband ?' pried he impetuously. 'Would you throw the blight of that fatal birthmark over my labours P It is not well done. Go, prying woman ! go 1 ' Hay, Aylmer/ said Georgians With the firm ness of wbihh shfi possessed no stinted endowment, ' it is not you that have a right to complain. Yon mistrust your wife ; you have coBoealed the anx iety with whioh you watch the, development of his experiment. Think.not so unworthily-of me, my husband. Tell me all the risk, we run, and fear not that I shall shrink; for my share in it is not less than yonr own.' 'No, no, Georgians!' said Aylmer impatiently ; i it toast not bS. ' 1 submit,' replied she, calmly. ' And, Ayl mer, I shall quaff whatever draught you bring me, but it will be on the same principle that would induce me to .take, a dose of poison if offered by your hand.' My noble wife/ said Aylmer, deeply moved. ' I knew not the height and depth of your nature until now. Hothing shall be ooneealed. Know, then, that this orimsonAand, superficial as it seems, has clutched its grasp into yonr being with strength of Which I had no previous concep tion. . I have already administered agents power ful enough to do aught exoept to change yonr en tire physioal system. Only one thing remains to be tried. If that fail us We are ruined.' ' Why did you hesitate to tell me this ? asked she. ' Because, Georgiana/ said Alymer, in a low voice, ' there is danger.' ' Danger? There is but one danger — that this horrible stigma shall be left upon ay cheek!' cried Georgiana. ' Remove it, remove it, what ever be the cost, or we shall both go mad !' ' Heaven knows your words are toe true/ said Aylmer, sadly. 'And now, dearest return to yonr boudoir. In a little while all will be tested.' He oonduoted her back and took leave of her with a solemn tenderness whioh spoke far more than bis words how much was now at stake. After his departure Georgiana became rapt in musings, flhe considered the character of Aylmer, and did it completer justice that at any previous moment. Her heart exulted, while it trembled, at his-hon- orable love — so pure and lofty that it would ac- oept nothing less than perfection, nor miserably make itself contented with an earthlier nature than it had dreamed of. She felt how much more precious was such a sentiment than that meaner kind which would have borne with the imper fection for her sake, and have been guilty of treason to holy love by degrading its perfect idea to the level of the actual; and with her whole spirit she prayed that, for a single moment, ehe might satisfy his highest and deepest conception. Longer than one moment she well knew it could not be ; for his spirit was ever on the maroh, ever ascending, and each instant required something thqt was beyond the scope of the instant before. The sound of her husband's footsteps aroused her. He bore a crystal goblet containing a liquor colourless as water, but bright enough to be the draught of immortality. Aylmer was pale ; but it seemed rather the consequence of a highly wrought state of mind and tension of spirit than of fear or doubt. ' The conoootion of the draught has been per fect/ said he, in answer to Georgiana'e look. ' Un less all my science has deoeived me, it cannot fail.' 'Save on your aooount, my dearest Aylmer,' ob served his wife, I might wish to put off this birthmark of mortality by relinquishing mortality itself in preference to any other mode. Life is but a sad possession to those who have attained preoisely the degree of moral advancement at whioh I stand. Were I weaker and blinder, it might he happiness. Were I stronger, it might be endured -hopefully. But, being what I find myself, methiaks I am of all mortals the most fit to die.' ' You are fit for heaven without tasting death !' replied her husband. But why do you speak ef dying P The draught cannot fail. Behold its effect upon this plant.' On the window-seat there stood a geranium diseased with yellow blotches whioh had overs spread all its leaves; Aylmer poured a smal quantity of the liquid on the soil in which it grew. In a little time, when the roots of the plant had taken np all the moisture, the unsightly blotches began to be extinguished in a living verdure. There needed be no proof/ said Georgians, quietly. 1 Give me the goblet. I joyfully tfAs all upon your word.' 'Drink, then, thou lofty creature !' exclaimed Aylmer, with fervid admiration. 1 There is no taint of imperfection on tby spirit. Thy sensible frame, too, shall soon be all perfect.' She quaffed the liquid and returned, the goblet to hi> hand. /It is grateful,' said she, with a plaoid smile. 'Me thinks it is like water JErom a heavenly foun tain, for it oontains I know not what ofunobtru eive fragrance aud delioiousness. It allays a feverish thirst that had parched me for many days. How, dearest, let me sleep. My earthly senses are closing Over my spirit like the leaves around the heflit of a rose at sunset.' She spoke the last words with a gentle reluc tance, as if it required almost more energy than she could command to pronounce the, faint and lingering syllables. Scarcely had they loitered through her lips ere ehe was lost in slumber. Aylmer eat by her side watching her aspect with the emotions proper to a man the whole value 6f whose existence was involved in the process now to be tested. Mingled with this mood, however, was the philosophic investigation characteristic of the of science. Hot the minutest symptom escaped him. A heightened flush of a cheek, a slight irregularity of breath, a quiver of the eyelid, a hardly perceptible tremor through the frame-r each Weto the details which, as the momenta 1 passed, he wrote down in his folio volume. In tense thought had set its stamp upon every pre vious page of that volume ; but the thoughts of yean were all concentrated upon the last. While thus employed, he failed not to gate often at the fatal hand, and not without A shudder. Yet once, by e strange and unaooount- able impulse, he pressed it with his lips. . .-Her spirit reooiled, however, In the very act ; and Georgiana, out of the midst of her deep sleep, moved uneasily and murmured as if in remon strance. Again Aylmer resumed his watch. Nor was it without avail. The crimson hand, whioh at first had been strongly visible upon the marble paleness of Georgians' cheek, now grew more faintly outlined. She remained not less pale than ever ; but the birthmark, with every breath that came aHd went, lost somewhat of its former dis tinctness. Its presence had been awfal ; its de parture was more awful still. Watch, the stain lof the rainbow fading out of the sky, aod you will h m i i a. avrnti'Ml naoanri n Man Know HOW cms iujbwiwu. W' f"'"- »"»/ . 'By Heaven ! it is well-nigh gone I' eaid Aylmer to himself, in almost irrepressible ecstasy. «I can scarcely trace it now. Suodess ! success ! and now it is like the faintest rose colour. The lightest flush of blood across her cheek would overcome it. But she is so pale. He drew aside the window curtain, and suffered the light of natural day to fall into the room and rest upon her oheek. At the same time he heard a gross, hoarse chuckle, whioh he had long known as his servant Amihadab's expression of delight. ' Ah, olod ! ah, earthly mass !' cried Aylmer, laughing in a sort of frenzy, you have served me well! Matter and spirit— earth and heaven —have both done their part in this! Laugh, thing of the senses 1 You have earned the right to laugh.' . These exclamations broke Georgiana s sleep. She slowly unclosed her eyes and gazed into the mirror whioh her husband had arranged for that purpose. A faint smile flitted over hfir lips when she recognised how barely perceptible was npw that crimson band which had once blazed forth with suoh disastrous brilliancy as to scare Away all their happiness. But then her eyes «oughtf Aylmer's face with a trouble and anxiety that he' oould by no means aooount for. ' My poor Aylmer !' mnrmored she. ' Poor ? Nay, riohest, happiest, most favoured !' exclaimed he. ' My peerless bride, it is success ful ! You are perfect !' , ' My poor Aylmer,' she repeated, with a more than human tenderness, ' you have aimed loftily ; you have done nobly. Do not repent that, with so high and pure a feeling, you have rejected the best the earth could offer. Aylmer, dearest Ayl mer, I am dying !' Alas ! it was too trne ! The fatal band had grappled with the mystery of life, and was the bond by whioh an augelio spirit kept itself in union with a mortal frame. As the last crimson tint of the birthmark— that sole token of human imperfection— faded from her oheek, the parting breath of the new perfect woman passed into the atmospnere, ana ner soul, lingering m uunueuu near her husband, took its heavenward flight. Then. a hoarse, chuckling laugh was heard again Thus ever does the gross fatality of earth exult in . its invariable triumph over toe immortal essence, which, in this dim sphetp.of half develop ment, demands the completeness of a higher state. Yet, had Aylmer reaohed a profounder wisdom, he need not thus have flung away the. happiness whioh would have woven his mortal life of the self-same texture with the celestial. The momentary circumstance was too strong for him ; he failed to look beyond the shadowy scope of time and, living onoe for all in eternity, to find the perfect future in the present Mathews may be oited as an instance of natural gifts being in harmony with success pn the Btage. In soeial circles he was gsnerally hilarious, witty, and most entertaining, especially whenever he felt himself, at ease, and no demands were made on him for exertion. I remember him at Mrs. H. Siddons'e dinner table, overflowing with witty sallies, with anecdotes and jokes,1 causing quite as much laughter as when at borne on the stage. Charles Mathews, the son of this celebrated come- dian, has owed a great part of his popularity to his having inherited his father's temperament. Although he was brought up to be an architect, his natural bent led him to give up that pro fession for the stage. I recollect Mrs. H. Sid- dons asking the elder Mathews about his son, then a pupil to an arohiteot. ' Ob/ he replied, in bis humorous way, Charley can now draw a house almost as well as I can.' I also heard Mathews give Mrs. H. Siddons An acoount of a party in toe house of a rioh writer of the signet," a kind of northern Maecenas, with whom he had dined the day before. In toe drollest way, Mathews, speaking of this dinner party, said that neither host, hostess, nor any of the guests knew how to promote conversation. With the dessert, he added, came in a body of yonng children, who arranged themselves, according to their size, on each side of their mother- After this the conversation flagged more than ever, and the eyes of young as well as old became fixed on toe unhappy comedian. At length the lady of toe house, in her eagerness to have her darlings amazed, turning to Mathews, said, Oh, dear Mr Mathews, pray begin to be fuuny, for the children soon must go to bed. This, added Mathews was the climax ; so, pleading indisposition, hi made his escape from the party as soon as he could. . 