A TALE OF THE PAST. Br L. M. Child. Concluded. 1 Chloe harried through her work on the "beach, and came home at a quick pace ; for ( she was longing to see her darling, and she ' had some misgivings as to how he was treated I in her absence. She opened the kitchen door with the expeotation that Tommy would spring towards her, as nsnal, exclaiming, " Mammy ! mammy !'" The disappointment i gave her a chill, and she ran out to call him. i When no little voice responded to the call, she went to the sitting-room, and said, "Missis, have you seen Tommy ?" ' " He ain't been here," replied Mrs. Lawton, evasively. " Can'.t you find him ? " The widow was a regular communicant of 1 the Reverend Mr. Gordonmammon's church ; but she was so blinded by slavery that it never ' occurred to her ' there was any sin in this trifling with a mother's feelings. When Chloe had hurried out of the room, she said to her daughter in a tone of indifference, " One good thing will come of giving Tommy to Sukey Larkin — she won't come spying about here for one spell ; she'll be afraid to face Chloe." In faot, she herself soon found it rather un pleasant to face Chloe ; for the bereaved mother grew so wild with anxiety, that the / hardest heart could not remain untouched. "Oh, missis! why didn't you let me take Tommy with nae ? " exclaimed she. " He played with himself, and wasn't nocara to me. I s'poae he was lonesome, and rnnned down to the beaoh to look for mammy ; and he's got drowned." With that thought she rilBhed to the door to go to hunt for him on the seashore. Her mistress held her baok with a strong arm ; and, finding it impossible to paoify her, she at last said, " Sukey Larkin wanted Tommy, and I told her she might have him ; she'll take good care of him." The unhappy bondwoman gazed at her with an expression of intense misery, which she was never afterwards able to forget. "Oh, missis ! how could you do it ? " she exclaimed ; and, - sinking upon a'., bhiair, she covered her face with her apron. "Sukey will be good to him," said Mrs. Lawton, in tones more gentle than usual. " He'll ory for his mammy," Sobbed Chloe. " Oh, missis ! 'twas too cruel take away my little Tommy." ..." .... The widow crept noiselessly out bf the room, and left her to' wrestle with' her grief as she could. She found the minister in the sitting room, and told hitn she hadj given away, little Tommy, but' that "she wouldn't have done it if she had thought'Ghloe would have been so wild about ifr?; for she doubted whether she should gbt any work ,, out bf her for a week to come. . . V : J - " She'll get over it soon," said the minister. "My oow lowed dismally, and wouldn't eat, When I sold her calf ; but she soon got used to doing without it." .It did not occnr to him as included with in his pastoral duties to pray with the stricken slave ; and poor Chloe, oppressed with unutter able sense of loneliness, retired to her straw paljet, and late in the night Bobbed herself to sleep. She' woke with a weight on her heart, as if there was somebody dead' in the house ; and quickly there rushed upon her the remembrance that her darling was gone. A ragged gown of his was hanging on a nail. How she kissed it and cried over it ! Then she took Jim'spinkshell fromher boxand folded them' carefully together, and laid them away. No. mortal but herself knew what memories were wrapped up with, .them. She went through the usual routine of housework like a labourer who drags after him a ball or chain. At the appointed- time she wandered forth tb the beach, with no little voice to obirp music to her'as she went.' When she saw the print bf Tommy's little feet in the sand, .she sat dpwn on a stone, and:. covered her face with her. apron. For a long time her sobs and groans mingled with the moank of the sea. She raised'her head and looked inland, "in the direc tion- where she supposed Sukey Larkin lived. She revolved iti her mind the pos- Ribility of going there! But stages -were almost unknown in 'those days; ;and no wagoner, would take her, without consent of her mistress, if she pleaded ever so hard.' 'She thought, of running away at raidpight ; bul Mrs. fjawton would be sure to overtake her. and -bring her baok. Thoughts of what hei mistrbss might , do in such a case, reminded her that she was neglecting the 'fish. Likes machine, wound up, she- began to go . hoi customary rounds but she had lost so much (i'me, that it waB late before her task wai completed. Then she wandered away to i little, heap, of moss "and ' pebbled, lha Tommy had -built tho 'last time; they wen together on the beach. On a wet rock nea by, she sat' down' abd cried. " Black cloud gathered over her'-head, a cold northeast wini blew upon her, and the spray sprinkled her naked feet. Still she sat there and oried; Loader aud loader whistled the wind ; wilder and wilder grew the moan of the sea. She beard the uproar without caring for it. She wished the big waves would come aud wash her away. Meanwhile Mrs Lawton noticed the gather ing darkness, and looked out anxiously for the return of her servant. " What upon airth can have become of her ? " Baid she. " She oughter been home an hour ago." " I shouldn't wonder if she bad set out to go to Sukey Larkin's," replied Catherine. The widow had thought of that ; she had also thought of the sea ; for she had an uneasy remembrance of that look of utter misery, when Chloe said, " How coidd yon do it P " It was Saturday evening ; and according to castom, Tom oame to see his wife, all un- consoious of the affliction that had befallen them. Mrs. Lawton went out to meet him and said : "Tom, I wish you would go right down to the beach, and see what has become of Chloe. She a'n't come home yet, aud I'm afraid something has happened." She re turned to the house, thinking to herself, " If the wenoh is drowned, where shall I get snob another." Tom found Chloe still sitting on the wet stone. When he spoke to her, she started, as if from sleep ; and her first exclamation was, " O Tom ! Missis has guv away little Tommy." It was some time before he could under stand what had happened ; and when he realised that his child was gone, his strong frame shook with soba. Little Tommy was the only creature on earth that loved him, — his only treasure, his only plaything. " It's cruel hard," said he. " Oh, how little Tommy is crying for mammy 1" sobbed Chloe ; " aud I can't git to him nohow. Oh ! oh ! " Tom tried to comfort her, as well as he ' knew now. Among other things he suggested rannine away. "I've been thinking 'bout that," rejoined Chloe ; " but there a'n't nowhere to ran to. The white folks has got all the money, and all the bosses, and all the law." " Oh, what a cuss that Ham was !" groaned Tom. . " Don't know nothin 'bout that, old cuss," replied Chloe. " Missis was cruel. What Makes God let white folks cruelise black folks 30 ?" The question was altogether top large for rom, or anybody else to answer. After a moment's silence, he said, "P'r'aps Sukey Larkin will come sometimes, and bring little Tommy tp see us." " She shouldn't have him ag'in !" exclaimed Chloe. " I'd scratch her eyes out, if she tried to carry him oS ag'in." The sudden anger roused her from her lethargy ; and she rose immediately when Tom reminded her that it was late, and they ought to be going home. Home ! how the word seemed to mock her desolation ! Mrs. Lawton was so glad to see her faithful servant alive, and was so averse to receiving another acusing look from those sad eyes, that she forbore to reprimand her for her un wonted tardiness. Chloe spoke no word of explanation, but, after arranging a few things, retired silently to her pallet. She had been accustomed to exercise out of doors in all weathers, but was unused to sitting still in the wet and cold,. She was seized with strong shiverings in the night, and continued feverish for some days. Her mistress nursed her, as she would a valuable horse or cow. In a short time she resnmed her customary tasks, but coughed incessantly, and moved about slowly and listlessly. Her mistress, annoyed not to have the work going on faster, said to her reproachfully one day, "You got this cold by staying out so late that night. "Yes,. Missis, ' replied Chloe, very sadly, "I shouldn't have stayed ont ef Tommy had been with me." " What a fuss you make about that little niggar !" exclaimed Mrs. Lawton." Tommy was my property, and I'd a right to give him away." " 'Twas cruel of you, missis," rejoined Chloe. " Tommy was all the oomfort I had ; a'n Is'e worked bard for you, missis, many .a yean." Mrs. Lawton, unac'custocned.tp any romon-' strauoe from her bondwoman, seized a switch and shook it threateningly. But Catherine said, in a low tone : "Don't, mother ! -She feels bad about little Tommy." Chloe overheard the words of; pity; "&hd; the' firBt titne she wa's alone with her young mistress, she said, "Please, Missy Katy, write to Sukey Larkin, and ask her to bring littl'e Tommy." Catherine promised , she. would ; but her mother objected to 'it as making unnecessary trouble and the' promise' was '.not fulfilled'. F Week -after .week Chloe' looked- out - upon the road, in hopes of seeing Sukey Larkin's waggOD. But Sukey had no thoughts of coming to encounter her entreaties. She was feeding ancf fatting Tommy, with a view of selling hiin and buying a silk gown with the money.- The little boy cried and moped for some days; but, after the manner of children, he soon became reconciled to his new situation. He l'an about in the fields, and gradually forgot the sea, the moss, tho pebbles, and mammy's lullaby. Cne day Mrs. Lawton said to her daughter, "How that dreadful cough hangs on ! I begin to be afraid that Chloe 's going into consumption. I hope not ; for .1 don't know where I shall find snob another wench to work." She mentioned her fears to the tninister, and ho said, " When she gets over, worrying about Tommy, she'll pick up her crumbs." But the only change that came' over Chloe was increasing listlessness' of mind and fatigue of' body. At last, she was unablp to rise from her pallet. She lay there looking at her thin hands, and talking to herself, according to her old habit. The words Mrs. Lawton most frequently' heard wero, "It was cruel of missis to take away little Tommy." Notwithstand ing all the clerical arguments she had heard to prove the righteousness of slavery, the i moan of the dying mother made her feel ; uncomfortablo. Sometimes the mind of the invalid wandered, and she would hugTommy'f little gown, pat it lovingly, and sing to it ' the I lullaby her baby loved. Sometimes she , murmured, " He looked just as ef he warded tc ? say suthin' ;" and sometimes a smile lighted up her face, as if she saw some pleasitn 3 vision. - , , i The minister came tp pray with her, and t( t talk what he called religion. But it soundei 3 to poor Chloe more than ever like the mur t muring of the sea; She turned her face awa; s from 'him and said nothing. With wha 1 little mental strength she had, she rejected th idea that the eurse of Ham, whoever he might I be, justified the treatment she bad received. She had no idea what a heathen was, bnt she conolnded it meant aomething bad ; and she had often told Tom- she didn't like to have the minister talk that way, for it sounded like calling her names. At last the weary one passed away from a world where the doings had all been dark and incomprehensible to her. But her soul was like that of a little child ; and Jesds has said, "Of saoh is the kingdom of heaven." They found under her .pillow, little Tommy's ragged gown and a pink shell. Why the shell was there no one could conjeotnre. The pine box oontaining her remains was placed across the foot of Mr. Lawton's grave, at whose side his widow would repose when her hour should oome. It was the custom to place slaves thus at the feet of their masters, even in the grave-yard. The Rev. Mr. Gordonmammon concluded to buy a young black woman, that Tom might not be again induced to stray off after Dinah ; and Tom passively yielded to the seooud arrange ment as he had to the first. In two years after Sakey Larkin took possession of little Tommy, she sent him to Virginia to be exchanged for tobacco ; with the proceeds of whioh she bonght a gold neck lace, and a flashy silk dress, changeable between grasB-green and orange ; and great was her satisfaction to astonish Catherine Lawton with her splendour the next time they met at a party. I never heard that poor Chloe's ghost haunted either her or the widow Lawton. Wherever slavery exerts its banefnl influence, it produces the same resultB, — searing the conscience, and blinding the understanding to the most obvious distinctions between right and wrong. There is no reoord of little Tommys fate. He disappeared among. " the dark, sad millions," who know not father or mother, and have no portion in wife or child. 