AN IRISH GHU? S STORY. An Irish ghost story has genera"u ll something to do ith the banshee, o, dciatl wirner.- but a sliperi sctural inbi. lent.which is said to have occurred ii:. the wilds of Kerry the other day i, cutli ceontly ihrilling, 'lthouh the appara trin concerned hiad no hereditary stand ing. It seems tLat ca womun residing in Glenflesk received a call from. the spirit of her husband, ;a " man of the hirming class,.dressed in.a shroudi and white stockings !pd.gl ves." 'Ihe ffir mer in whi e glovas staked that since hi death, some months back, nithlough hli ought to 'e in he.?ven, lie way detaifiec elsewhere on accotunt o owing a sultn a E15 to tilends of his, ald "lie . gged'ol his w:te to give him the money. Thi wonan iii lull f'itih htisndid him. £10 and promise d to bring himn the rest in. few days if le cathh for it. Meatnwhite she went and told the tiriest the circum:n stances of the case, and this gentleman, :tcted very diffciently Irot the clerica mbnitor of 0licky Ftee who nnm ha .re. mermnlered by t14" reoads of " Cla lc O'Mal'ey." When the ghost in cn. platebuitril coitume art/vedi fir the alink. note.he was at. once rceeived ib a couplet of iplice, an,t proved, its gU?ost' di, ii ouir dclayv, to fce t ntee re te~cd r, plahyit, I, part, who will have 'to answer for hit miiscindupt before a isagistrate. There was a touch ot realt drainatic cutting ii the f?csliori in whicii this rogtae hried ti; imto-e on the. stic'lph t idowl Thi shroudI, the stockings, land above all, the gloves, were at ince reconised bi: the poor wocicn'nihs the!moit fitting gar; n. nts for her hbusiiindi s they.were the I:st in which shite had sein him. It he had presented hiiiself in the more ique- tionable guise of ai fl.anel jacket' and ca rdurove she might have wondered hoi' he contrived to: ?procire: a clhqnge. o! wkin~clothi H.re is -:, hliint.:foc pi rilistr viwiwh: lhave csnici diitcnltyt it, iecodeiling concreto. fluncGies', wtri li-trly . itnioo? a , 1h?s: 'h GL hnfll.si ghosi has not . lvid th?,. problern, lit hits ri ill dhelren p i l c·lieit pIron erti!: ?ouglit to ,e , 1r-ssort n to those lid tprcrseit scirits in sliouting coats or wsleing dirCa-ces.' . 