MELTON MOWBRAY AGRICULTURAL ASSOCIATION. '[By our own Reporter.] The annual meeting of members of this association. was held at Black well's Hotel, Melton Mowbray, yesterday, the principal business being to take into consideration a letter from Sir James M. Wilson, President of the Tasmanian Pastoral, Agricultural, and Horticultural Association suggesting of) amalgamation. There were present Mr. J. Bisdee (in the chair) Messrs. W. Bedford, Henric Nicholas, E. Johnson, W. Brock, R. Harrison, and T. Gorringe,' (hon. sec.) The Chairman having read the advertisement convening the meeting, ' A Mr. Gorringe said they were no doubt aware that this was the annual general meeting the association. In accordance with the rules the meeting ought to have been held in the first or second week in February. A meeting was called on a sale day, but from the amount of business at the sale, a meeting could not be held. He had therefore convened another meeting for this day. He regretted that he was not in a position to lay the accounts of the association before the meeting, but the fact was that the treasurer (Mr. Blackwell, sen.,) had gone away, and he had omitted to furnish him, (Mr. Gorringe) with the accounts and subscription list before he, left. However he knew this much-that the subscriptions would cover all expenses, and that the association was really out of debt. With respect to the letter from the President of the Hobart Town association he had unfortunately left it at home, and therefore could not read it to the meeting as he had intended doing. The letter, however, simply suggested the propriety of the country societies merging their existence into the metropolitan association. At first he did not feel disposed to give up the existence of the Melton Mowbray Association, but on consideration he thought it would be the wisest thing to do, under the circumstances and he had written to Sir James Wilson stating that he intended calling a meeting of members, but before he did that, he would inform the most of them of what was proposed, and allow them to think over it. The Melton Mowbray Association had been in existence some twelve years, and he felt there would be a little reluctance to let it die. There were, he might say, three courses open for them to pursue they might let the matter stand over for the present, or they might hold the show this year, or they might resolve to join the metropolitan association, and at once give up the ghost and die quietly. The latter, he thought, would be the better course. Mr. Bedford quite agreed with Mr. Gorringe, and therefore moved that the, association amalga- mate with the metropolitan association. He believed the Richmond people intended doing the same thing. By thus amalgamating, a good show might be held in Hobart Town, and it never could be got in Melton' Mowbray. ? . Mr. Harrison felt a reluctance to take such a step, if it were possible to carry on the association. It was true the Richmond people were going to amalgamate ; but then, on the other hand, the people of Hamilton and New Norfolk were going to start an association. It' was a long distance to take stock to Hobart Town, and many people would not send their stock there, though he quite believed that what stock was sent for exhibition would be good. Mr. Bedford thought the small shows were no good at all they were no criterion to go by. A man sent his sheep and if he took a prize he was satisfied, but then there might be no sheep to show against them. In a large show, there would be some competition. Mr. Harrison believed that they would have a better show of stock in Melton Mowbray than in Hobart Town. He did not imagine the shows in 1 Hobart Town would be very attractive as regards stock, unless, of course, the country shows joined with them, and then the stock would be more noticeable for its quality than its numbers. Mr. Gorringe said they had had great difficulty with the Melton Mowbray Association to pay the few prizes they offered, and now numbers of the subscribers had gone over to the Hobart Town Association. If the means were forthcoming, he should not be inclined to give up without a further trial, of 12 Mr. Harrison did not see why, when a large for came into the field, they were to knock under to him immediately. What good would the Melton Mowbray people gain by joining with Hobart Town ? Still, if so many of the subscribers were falling off, they would be almost bound to go. He did not think all the spirit of the district had died out, and he was not convinced that a sufficient number of subscribers could not be got to hold a show this year. Mr. Nicirot.,ts remarked that if the people in the surrounding district would not exhibit in Melton Mowbray it was not likely that they would send exhibits to Hobart Town. The majority of them would not even come themselves to Melton Mowbray much less stud stock. Mr. Brock observed that they had always found great difficulty in obtaining sufficient subscriptions. He had spoken to a great number of the subscribers, and the general opinion appeared to be that it was useless to try and hold a show this year. He was quite certain they could not get half enough funds to do so. Mr. Gorringe said, he knew something of the practical difficulties of getting up shows hitherto. Nearly one-third of the subscriptions had come from Hobart Town, and of course they could not rely on these any more. Apart altogether, therefore, from the utility of amalgamation, he thought it was a necessity. They might allow the show to lapse for this year, until they saw how the Hobart Town Association gotten. -If it, did not succeed, then it would be a simple matter to resuscitate the show. Mr. Bedford thought they would be taking a wiser course to yield at once. They could endeavour to resuscitate the association at any time. Air. ,HARitrsoN thought there would be great difficulty in resuscitating the association, 'if they once allowed it to collapse. Still if there was no chance of getting subscriptions, they had better give up at once. Mr. Gorringe said the association had only been carried on with the extra exertion of two or three individuals, and as far as he could see, it would be a useless task to try and carry it on any longer while the. Metropolitan Association. was properly managed. He should very much like to see a successful show in Hobart Town, Mr. Harrison, observe that if the Hobart Town Association was to be a success, by all means let them support it though at the same, time he believed it would be more for grain and implements. Mr. Brock seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. ' ' ' Mr. Bedford asked whether it would not be just as well for Mr. Unrriiigo to write to the Hamilton and New Norfolk people, informing them on the course that had been taken by the Melton Mowbray Association, and suggesting that instead of forming a new association, they should assist the one at Hobart Town. Mr. HARRisoN did not think it would do much good ; such a letter would not influence them much, as they seemed inclined to start their own association. The Melton Mowbray'Association had never received much assistance from the Hamilton people of late years. Mr GoRRINGe, after saying that the result of the meeting would be made known through The Mercury, expressed his regret that the association had been given up. He had had many very pleasing days at the Melton Mowbray shows, and he had always felt gratified in seeing them. Now that the association had come to an end, although he felt a regret, still be believed the wisest course had been taken, Mr. Bedford thought they ought not to separate before expressing their thanks to Mr. Gorringe for the trouble he had taken in connection with the association, He knew that every absent member would join with those who were present in according Mr. Gorringe a hearty vote of thanks, and he would therefore make a motion to that effect. Mr. Harrison, in seconding the motion, said he believed Mr. Gorringe had always done his duty to the boat of his ability, and he hoped that he would receive something more substantial than a mere vote of thanks. Mr. Nicholas quite agreed with what had fallen from Mr. Harrison. Mr. Gorringe expressed his sincere thanks for their appreciation of his labours, and said he did not desire any more substantial form of recogni- tion. He had done what he could, but had he been 20 or 30 years younger, he would have done a great deal more. A vote of thanks to the chairman terminated the proceedings, ' ' ' ' of a a a a s- a i n r 