fllorrcsfiondfncc. (To.lhe Editors of the Protestant Standard.) /xDear Sirs,— Freeman and Dr. Vaughan are very: "eloquent when discoursing on the penal laws ehiicied against Roman Catholics, hut for get to tell their i-o-religionists the reason why these penal laws were enacted ; they also forget tn tall tliain iliot. m /iot if nil . .f thnon l.ninn W VVII uuuill vu«»u IU»OV, II IIVU Ally "1 VIICOC 41119 and penalties have been expunged from our Statute Book ; and if- 'there are any; still reirialnr ing all good Protestants would-: hp glad to see them expunged, provided it coiild be, done with, safety, to the. Throne and State ; free and un fettered liberty of conscience' .to friend and foe. being "a principle of ours. But while we are removii g from the Statute B7- ok all restrictions from the .Church of Rome, is it not fair that we should ask for at least a recognition of our gene rosity, by requesting the Pope to remove all pains and penalties arid cum s against us from his statute book. In vain )ve ask him to do so. Ho would as soon reuiovo from tho Vatican itself as remove from his statute book one ex terminating bull, or expunge one de ree that consigns us (from our noble Queen upon her- .throne to , the , mealiest' of her subjects) to des truction of soul and body in time and eternity ; because w,e refuse to, submit to '.his 'authority... Popery cannot afford to be tolerant. To permit the propagation of truth would be an :act of siuciile." u" In.tha.Bull Geend Domini we find the following, extract : '.' We do, iu behalf of Almighty God, . the Father, : and the Soil, and the Holy Ghost, 'and with the authority of the Blessed Apostles 'Peter ;;arid .Parii, arid with our own, excotri- muriicate and anathematize all H ussites, Wyclif- rites, Lutherans, 'Galvinists, - and' all and sundry other heretics by whatsoever name they may bo reckoned. " According. to' the newspaper reports, of Dr.- Vaughan's speech,- when laying the foundation stone of the Guild Hall, he has a great dread of secret baths. Poor man. Has lie: never taken any ? . What is the oath taken by eVery Popish archbishop ? Dri Vaughan has taken it. Here is one" clause of it. " I. will \- persecute and attack all heretics and Dissenters to - the utmost of 'my. power.y - u One- can: easily detect -tlie; 'hidderi ' reason that the- priests of Rome 'have for slandering and denouncing from thh.r altar, good institritions whose members ,are . bound by an obligation. ' . 'According to Dr. Polding's . Jubilee Pastoral ithe faithful are -directed to .pray for four great blessings, one of. which , is the. extirpation of heretics. . i- Now try and imagine the absurdity ,of| the priest asking a Roman Catholic Free mason, Oddfellow, or Good Templar, to pray fob the extermination of his Protestant brother. At soon, as a Rotrianist enters any of the institu-. tiori8 mentioned his eyes are opened, and he dfies-nofc, feel inclined to swallow all that-the -Priest tells him, and in nine cases out of ten the priest loses the, hold he had upon his conscience. The priests know this, and hence their vile abuse of all societies that are not exclusively Popish.' The same reason applies to their abuse of national education : as children who go to the same school, sit on tho same seat, and are -taught- the ;8ame lessons from; the same books are': likely .to form intimacies and friendships, which' the priest will find' difficult to efface in after years. He will riot be" able to instil into their minds so . easily1 that, all Prpt.estarit.s are heretics, and ought to be burned , that; the Pope s he dth must always take precedence of the Qui en's, that the hated English are keeping the poor Irish iu slavery, -.:and '.that O'Farrell who shot the Duke of Edinburgh is one of their martvred dead. M ... , ROYAL STANDARD. , 