Iftr. ffieedj's Sermon und Style.! (From the Daily News.) Mr. Moody's style of preaching, as de monstrated in this address, does not hick impressiveness of a kind. It is true that ho is extremely diffuse, that he is uncon nected, Gambling, and- given -to repetition ; ! that he ' squanders himself,'' if the expres- 1 sion is allowable, so that , lie dilutes his climax often into an anti-climax. But lie is full of pith, and manifests great 'efiVi'iest liess , ne is continually saying quaint racy things, such as wc are unaccu.stonie.fi to 2-1 car from a pulpit, such ' as are often intensely grotesque, and not unfrequently raise an inaudible laugh* His manner of treatment is not by -argument, far less by rhetorics but by dint of more.or less apposite 'illustrations. He works by the citations of instances, which he narrates in his own phraseology, and tlie ever-recurring Ameri canisms havo ;i naivete which to' :aii EngSish audience litis a fresh and novel effect. The trutn wnicn ne laiu nnnseii out to -enrerce and illustrate was that ' God's -ways were not TiS man's ways,' and that He chose His , instruments on a principle which to men appeared passing strange, and sometimes indeed absurd, from their human point of view. He -said that what he feared most 1 incoming to this work in London was lest many should be leaning on the arm of the flesh, and on the influence of a 'great, meeting,' aiid so would be getting their, eyes away from God. ' There's no new ' Gospel,' he exclaimed, ' its the old story. Tlie vrorld of to-day is always twining after something new ; but if you come here expecting novelty. I teli you you'll be disappointed.' Their message 'was tlie same aft that of ' these ministers' — and with us it is in weakness too'; for there^s hundreds of -men. in London can preach better nor We can. What we Want is to look right straight away from man, right straight up to God. If God's going to work in London, he must work his own way, foul all we're going to do is to mark out channels for the Holy Ghost. God will take his choice of instruments and means. There's a mountain. God wants to thrash , that mountain. Wells , he don't want to take tip an iron bar ; He ketches hold of a little worm to thrash -that mountain. When God Was going to destroy the world, He did Hot warn a nation or the world, ' but a single man, whom the nations held in contempt ?ind jeered at. . ?? . Why, God's way of delivering the Children of Israel was different altogether from what ours WOvd-dJwve been. We'd have sent an army, or if we'd been going to send a single man, we'd not have chosen one who'd been forty years at the back side of the -desert. But he sent u quiet humble sort of a man, one whom we'd call, I sup pose, a stuttering man, and He said 'tell them I AM.' That was a blank cheque which He was to fill in by-and-bye with water from the rock and manna in the deserts The man whom God works witli most is always considered by the world the greatest fool. Enoch wasn't a bright man to the world, but God said, * Come up here, Eno'eh !' Noah was the laughingstock of his day. Look at Joshua going tramping round the walls of Jericho blowing in hbrris— th6 most absurd thing in the eyes of the world — downright ridi culous. Why, what . would .the English press have to say of such a crazy-like pro ceeding? Fancy the Archbishop of Can terbury trapesing round London blowing horns! He'd have had golden horns any how. Look at Sampson—how he worked with the jawbone of an ass; he slew a thousand men. We didn't like to go to work with the jawbone of an ass; we'd ? e ? „..i:,.l,„/l 'Rnf if,™ !IM +A be in earnest, we must grab up the first jawbone of an ass we- chance on, and use it for God. . , . Look at the unseemly absurdity of a raven sent to feed the Prophet, and then the Prophet sent for food, not to a palace with well- furnished tables, but to a poor widow, and she with a child.' Mr. Moody then drew foi1 ah. illustration on . modern and secular , lilstory-. . ' The devil,' Said he, ' got his match when he got hold of Bunyan, the Bedford tinker; I hope there may be a Bedford tinker here to night, whom God will Use for his service-. A hundred such meil as John Wesley Would make the world tremble inside of a twelve month.' Then he went back to Holy Writ. ' I'd give more for such a man as Saul of Tarsus now ill Loildon thah foi' ten thou sand such rneh as are not wholy for God, being mixed tip With the worldi : . . . ?« . London ileVer saw the day it had so Many great pi'cacllei'H tl8 iio)\f. - but -its llot tlie eloquence of mail, but the power of God breaking lileh's hearts, that does the busi ness. In all ages God litis used seemingly weak human instruments. I wonder lie don't take the job out of oui1 hands' aiid give the work to atlgels. It's:the heart for the WOi'k that is wanted. It does not matter about the talents— God will find tho talents.' ...... Mi'. Moody then said tliat there Were three Classes Ili special who * Oiight to. be in syiiipathy with this movementj' ' Clergy men, because they ' (Messrs Moody and Sankcy) 'had coiiie to strengthen their hands, riot to thwart their efforts ; Sabbath School teachefs, missionaries, and colpolM tours ; and the fathers and mothers; because they (Messrs Moody and Sankey) came in the naine of their Master to tiiiatcJi their children, from the haunts, of vice to H pure life. He concluded his address by enforcing the virtue of iinity.( With pqlpit and pew together,' Christianity should be like a, red-hot ball rolling over the world, against which nothing can stand. Mr. Sankey led the congregation in the hymfi, ' Hold the Fort !' and the proceedings terminated by the benediction, pronoiirfced by the Rev. Dr. Allon. It was quite ii quarter of afi Iioui' before the vast throng was able to discharge itself .from the interior of the hall, and it was stated that admission had to be denied to several hundreds. 