THE DESTITUTION OF GERMAN IMMIGRANTS. *ROM RATEAGE" COBSSSPOKBBNT. Vi- - BBKAELA, 28th November, invested of all useless matter, the folio wingcre the particulars connected with theofbcial visit to the distressed Germans at larrawonga :—Inspector A. B. Smith, at eleven o dock p.m., and after travelling all night they arrived at the Cocked Hat tamp about six o'clock on Saturday marnuj!. from there they proceeded to the tost German camp, about a quarter of a mile distant This camp is situated in Boozy Creek, and has a number of fine water holes. The camp consists of four bark huts, used asdweUmgs, and two bkrk sheds used for cooking and other purposes. There are three families living in the Cocked Hat Camp, in all 10 people, three being malesandsevenfemales. There are two very old men, one a carpenter aged 65, and a saddler about the same age; the saddler was away at the Bookie flourmills, trying to obtain three bags of flour on credit The visitors were received with great kindness, and Inspector Smith, assisted by Mr Myles, the interpreter, explained the object of their visit. The physical condition of the people here appeared to be as good as that of the ordinary peasant Seven are aged; one is a young woman about 2L, there is a boy about six, and the other a girl about two years old. The last- named three looked remarkably healthy and strong, showing no marks of starvation. Amongst other questions the old man (the carpenter) -was asked who induced them to come to this country, and his reply was that God had called them and they were bound to come. The lruts were then inspected, and everything appeared clean and well conditioned. There was plenty of furniture and bedding, all brought from home. In one of the cooking sheds an old wonna was preparing food consisting of vegetables and flour. Inspector Smith asked them what prospects they had for the future. They replied that they had between the two camps 800 acres of land selected, and had this year 60 acres of wheat crop, and if they could rub along till the harvest was gathered, they con'd get on for the rein under of the year. It was explained th»t the two camps were onthecommunist c arrangement Being asked how they managed to get the crop in. they stated that when they arrived in Melb ourne they \- bought a waggon, dray, plough, and other f u-ming implements, and two horses, but they were compelled to sell the horses and dray to Carl Berndt's man for £5 each or £15 for the lot, which it seems they expended in food for the benefit of the community. Inspector Smith promised them relief, and a smile of gladness was observable upon all round. The inspector then proceeded to Mr Carl Berndt's farm, three miles distant. This is the Sir Charles Bums" referred to in the letter to the German consul Bemdt spoke of the many acts of .kindness he had done for the people of the other camp, where the great distress existed, and that they would : not be guided by him; so he had now given them np, as they were completely guided by a woman whom they believed to be inspired by the Holy Ghost One of the community, |t married man, lives at Mr Berndt's, and works as a blacksmith. , Mr Bemdt was interrogated about the horses and dray his man had bought from the people at the Cocked Hat Camp, and he replied that the dray was not worth £5, and that lie had bought it of his man. The i dray was shown, and Mr Coghill valued it at about £12 at the lowest estimate. The horses were not produced. The other cajnp, " Hill -Plain Camp" is two end a half miles distant from Mr -Berndt's, ańd he was asked to accompany-the party to the place ; but he Baid he would not unless he was paid for it, as he had lost too much time already by them. However' he at last consented togo, being : lersuaded not to forfeit the good name he iad already gained for his exertions in their behalf, and seeing that succor was at hand. The party then started for the camp, which consists os 10 bark huts, and contains about 40 people, mostly women and children. The interpreter, as before, explained the object of the visit Thefirat thing that attracted the attention of the party was something covered over with an old tarpaulin, and on inquiry they were informed that it was a coffin ready to receive the body of a boy about 12 years of age, who was lying in a. dying state in an adjoining but Inspector Smith inquired which hut the boy was in, and on its being -pointed out the party entered without any ceremony, and an appalling sight met their view. Lying on a kind of bed, within f our feet of a blazing fire, lay tbe emaciated form of what appeared to have been a fine intelligent boy of about 14 yeais of age. At a table in" the same hut, facing the door, sat a man and woman both engaged sewing a piece of print The man looked as if he bad recently recovered from sickness. The female was about 25 years old, four feet six Indies high, with a most repulsive face, having high cheek bones, a pug nose, rough black hair and sunken She took no notice of the intru- They uncovered the boy, and a 1 1 met " His legs, feet and body were swollen to monstrous proportions, and Hie skin was in » neglected state as to cleanliness. The prond flesh from the upper gums extended over the teeth, and the whole condition of the sufferer indicated scurvy. By ibis time a crowd had gather^ round the hut, -and on enquiring what nomishment tLe boy was getting, bis mother replied that all they hali was flour and vegetables. The room in which the (rick boy Jay contained die other Jwdy. They then proceeded to examine the other huts. - adjoining hut Jayan old .man, aboutO? years of age. His mouth was in the same condition as fheboys, but *Ju> praise had not m«le sinŁcreat Wwsress. ; The whole be made. * Inspector Smith uiqmrea how many hpd died emce they arrived at the Hill Plriri Camp. and Tie was tali eight •adults and one child, the latter sBU-born. Mr Smith requested to be shown where the bodies were buried, -and Łewas taken to thecomerof a garden aboutthree chains distant from the dwellings, arid fenced off with a bnsh £ence, and at the npper end of the garden he was shown ihe >grave8-»IIi fresh filled.' The deptJis of she graves 4TB about three feet each. _ Tb e party returned to the camp, and Inspector Smith asked them if ihey would accept assistance, and they thankfully re- ®lied " Yes " By this time several of the community thai had not been seen before *mved, if from work. They comprised men, toys, and girls. AU the yonmg people appeared to be healthy, the girls S X ^ v co. Their complexion was Łrijrht and fresh, and their countenances intelligent The_ majority of the elder m S r s of flie commumiy to be suffering ftomsome malady. feq?e^r Smith desired to be Jntwdnced to $ and the „woman previously uueu asoneóflthe persons in fte hut thejdying boy brought forward •at wmwwg^ -On being interogajNl StoMdle feU into orte of her<msto- ^TtSices. In these tranc^ W 1 ? says Mr Smith told the- interpreter to let her ; know ih tt unless she were out of the teance in less than two minutes he would ' have her removed to a lunatic'asylum from i which , place she would. never get away. This appeared to have the desired effect, for she instantly recovered, but put on the simulation of great prostration and excitement. A decrepit old man, about 60 years of age, came np to the interpreter, and told him that he would uot allow the woman to be interfered with, as she was in his charge. Inspector Smith asked in what way she was in his charge, and the old man replied that he had adopted her when her father died. Mr Smith and the interpreter took the old man aside, and questioned him us to tiie moral condition of the camp, but nothing tending to immorality was elicited. Both sexes of the young are scrupulously domiciled in separate huts. This fact deserves notoriety, as some persons have circulated disgraceful rumors concerning their mode of living. The prophetess was then told what Mr Berndt had said about her guidance of the people, and she replied that Mr Bemdt was jealous of her power with the people, and he wished to be the chief, and because they would not have him he said wicked things about her, and that they could not like him. Mr Smith then advised her to give over her trance business and' let the people go to work. On being asked why they did not inform the police of the deaths that had occurred amongst them, they replied that they had given notices in German to Mr Berndt, but it appears he had neglected to forward them to the proper authorities. They denied having received any money from Charles Grube. The only money they had received up to Saturday was £9 from the German Association in Adelaide. Half a ton of flour, with tea, sugar, potatoes, fruit and medical comforts, have this morning been despatched to the camp, which is distant 30 miles from Benalla. Dr Nicholson has also gone out, and when lie returns there will be further particulars. 