GRASS SEEDS, TOBACCO LEAF, fee. MELBOURNE, Wednesday. Mr. A. LINCOLSE reports:— The wet weather is still stopping sowing Derations, and farmers are now complaining of excessive moisture. Spring sowing wiil have to be adopted this season more than usual, especially upon good land. Lucerne is not at present in demand ; but 110 doubt a reaction will take place next month, as this seed can be sown to the end of October in many localities. Large quantities of agricultural seeds are being shipped ' to " New x ' Zealand ; a few tuns of rape and d timothy tin in eluded. Canary is still scarce, and quoted from 84s. to 112s. per cwt. No couch has yet come to hand, and the demand is increasing. Sydney has taken all our Osage orange plants. Quicks, two year old, are quoted at 21s. per 1000. Buffalo grass roots, 10s, per sack. There is 110 alteration in price® of seeds since last quotations. Tobacco Leaf : the same disinclination to purchase leaf exists among the manufacturers. Only the very best grown and handled lots will lie looked at: this fact ought to make growers extremely careful in preparing their produce for market. Any liales which are not small and dry will run great risk of being injured so long as sales are so ditticult to effect, Government policy re excise duties still dark and unceitain. ORNAMENTAL PRESERVATION* OP THE DEAD. —Dr. A. Fleniiii" says :—" I should like to suggest for the consideration of those interested m the question of interment the use of ornamental glass cases, tubular in form (the shape used for growing cucumbers); the smaller end of the tube completely closed, into which tube the body would l*e passed first, and then hermetically sealed above and beyond the head. The body, thus converted into a ' vitreous mummy,' might lie retained in the house for a longer time while friends would have the opportunity of viewing' the body without detectiug any offensive odor. These glass coffins might be made as handsome as anyone desired. The wealthy could have them made colored and cut, like Bohemian rases; while, for the poor, the coarse stout glass used for skylights would not be much more expensive than wood lined with flannel, &c.;" AMCIIING MISTAKES.—The sudden transformation of a servant girl into a grandly dressed lady is sometimes startling. "Not very long ago," says Mr. Bathgate, " I noticed a girl, who I chanced to know had come to the colony as an assisted immigrant, sitting 111 full splendour, with cloak, bouquet, aud fan, beside her husbaud in the first row ol the dress circle at the Italian Opera !" Unfortunately, it is easier to decorate the person than to cultivate the mind. Iu the wrong use of phrases Mrs. Malaprop is beaten hollow. A girl who had been developed into a lady was heard to speak of getting an " antiiuonic" dress, meaning a dress of inoiiv antique. Another gave it as her opinion " that the uvayov of their town should wear a scarlet robe lined with vermin," meaning of course, ermine. Male immigrants who have come suddenly into "wealth are apt to make such mistakes. One night, at a public supper party, an individual sat opposite to a dish of pates de foie gras, which rare and costly dish he persisted in calling " potted photographs."— RIDICULOUSLY LOW PRICE FOR SOULS.—In an article on the Ghosts of Modern Spiritism the Saturday Iteriew makes the following amusing references to currently believed transactions with the devil in past ages":—" The devil of the 17th century belonged to a very inferior type. He appeared as a hedgehog, as a black bog, as a man in black, aud dealt in the smallest sums. Sixpence seems to have been the amount he usually gave his votaries on receiving what they considered to be their souls, and upon one occasion he only gave 4td. at the conclusion of a bargain. Considering the improvement that has been effected ; in the condition of the country gentleman and the agricultural laborer, it is not too much to say that experiences of this nature cannot be coutem- Iplated by the most sanguine aud most eager its likely to occur again ; the sums •tfhich will change hands will have to be far larger, and villages in Somersetshire cannot hope to be similarly ; favored when the rise of populous towns is taken linto consideration. When the devil was conistflntly- in the midst of the uninformed aud the ignorant, there wus nothing for him to do. There Vfould be little difficulty in finding him employment at the present time. Instead of cleaving the sEildoii hills in three, or building rioketty bridges across country streams, he,might be fitly employed pii cleansing out rivers, and if his UndeavoM wire attended with success, no one wbuld grudge him a local, board or two or a corporation for liis •pains." . ••• ' ' "•'•' - • Chambers' Journal. 