LAWSOSTS 1TE-W GUINEA.* (From the Saturday Review) When a new -writer comes before the public with his report of a country hitherto unknown and invites its acceptance of adventures and observations not a little in advance of the experience or the powers of trarellers at large, it is not too much to look for some thing in the way of credential!, if not for the good faith of the tale he has to tell, at all events for bis compenteney as an observer and reporter. Of all means of access to' general confidence there are none perhaps more potent or persuasive than such certifi cates of trustworthiness and responsibility as go with the possession of rank or title in the public serrice of the country. Army or Navy commissions, admitting as they do of being readily verified, are among the fore most of this kind of credentials. A writer hu only to supplement his name with a reference for which the Armj or Navy List may be consulted at a glance, and the public will meed no further introduction. What ever novelty or marvel be may hav» to tell will at least b» listened to with the reference •rising from a good preliminary understan ding. Bespectable antecedents, it is felt, will be forthcoming, if needful. There is a char acter to be lost, or • fairly-earned reputation to be put in jeopardy. This is why the published work of ■ duly authorized professor must of necessary carry with it a weight which no nameless aspirant can hope to obtaiu by the mere array of his facts or logic of his arguments. But then this professional rank must hear the stamp of public warranty and the means of verification. It is not because any man can dub himself professor of insect- kiUing or of curing smoky ehimneys that we are to bow down to him as to an un questionable authority, even in his special line of craft or business. Mankind at large will hardly accept on his own showing Professor Hollo way as the accredited healer of all the ills of the fiesh, or see in Professor Harrison • the unchallengeable "strongest man in the world." Anybody in these days of liberty may make free with rank and title within certain wide limits at least, and coasequently it the more hehoves those who possess the genuine badge to guard against a possible confusion with wearer* of the spurious articles. It is in no spirit of idle curiosity still less out of aay captious or secpticsl turn of mind, tbat we ask why Captain J. A. Lawson omits to tell us in what service, or in what country, even on which element he attained the rank which his title-page exhibits. Far be it from us to restrict the claim of such a title within the pages of our insular Army or Nary, or even Volunteer, list. If won by colonial ssrrice, it would all the more pre pare us to go along with the writer as one likely to face and to record new incidents of traTel with somewhat of the fitness which comes of experience beyond the routine of home life or the jogtrot ideas of the 014 TfV;orld. We confess ourselves at the outset a loss in what respect or capacity to speak of Captain 3. A. Lawson, mainly because he forbears to speak of himself. Being at Sydney, he tells us, in November 1871, he formed the resolution of exploring the inter ior of New Guinea, a country that had a . great charm for him as being but little known to Europeans, and therefore affording a new field for the naturalist and adventurer. On his qualifications as a naturalist, as Bhown by what he has to observe touching the fauna and flora of the noval region traversed, we are spared to a great extent the responsible task of pronouncing by his own modest admission, borne out as it is abundantly is by his own ; pages, of a want of all preyious study of the kind. It is under the second category that he comes more strictly within the range of our critism. Here assuredly, if Mr. Disraeli's test is to hold good that adventures are for the adventurous, Captain Lawson goes some way to male good his title. Contradictory reports prevailed in Sydney respecting the character of the Paupans. Instead of being fierce, treacherous, and thievish, as more commonly supposed, Cap tain Dobbs of the Nautilus, who had done a good business in trading to the island, des cribed them as gentle and inoffensive, albeit somewhat given to thieving. TPith him and his snip our author resolved on trusting his fortune, leaving Port Jackson early in the month of May, 1872. For the purpose of transit in a country where horses or oxen, even if safely transported thither, would be useless, all depended upon providing suitable r'm013/ "^ese were to band in the persons of loolo, a Lascar, who had been two years m his service, an intelligent and faithful fel low, and three Australian aborigines, Tom, Joe, and Billy, who confessed to having led a vagabondish kind of life, but had picked up a little learning, two of them being able to read very tolerably. T«m bolted up the country before the day of sailing came, but the rest the party were landed in due course at the village of Houtree, on the southern shore of e^ Guinea. This place is described as con taining 263 souls, including Kdee, the old chief, and five or six " oraugs " or magistrates under him, living by fishing and trading with tho Dutch, who take from them spices, drut»3, gums, sundry valuable woods and bark, birds of paradise, skins of monkeys, cocoa- nuts, and pearls of an inferior kind. Like the black- races at large, they were mostly drunk as loHg as rum was to be had. Their huts were scattered about under fine trees, and had large and cultivated gardens attached, growing pumpkins, yams, bananas, cocoa nuts, and other fruit3 and vegetables. .The people were very friendly, and, though they at first laughed at Captain Lawson's idea of penetrating into the interior, did all in their power to serve him. For twelve dollars a piece per month, two guides were secured out of a number of auxious volunteers, havin<* a smattering of English, with a little Dutch, French, and Portuguse. Aboo, the eldest, about fifty years old, was a most repulsive fehow with the mark of a tremendous sword cut across the face. He was only four feet three inches in height, but strong enough to lift four or five hundredweight with ease. Dunang, thirty years younger, was also very strong, but l3xy, and for a Papuan very good lookiug. On tho 10th of July the party made their start, with no more baggage or equipment than a small quantity of'tea and cod'ee, some medicines, pickles, and preserves, a sec of instruments for observation, twenty four pounds of ship biscuit, and half-a-dozeu bottles of brandy, whereof we are not sur prised to find that two were smashed by a stumble on the part of Billy, who before this had been found helplessly drunk, having drained another bottle and earned for him self a hearty thrashing. Game being pro nounced abundant, they depeuded for food upon their arms, Captain Lawson carrying a double-barrelled ride, a fowling-piece, a six chambered pistol, and a cutlass, his attendants an old muiket each and their knives. For a long way their route lay through dense forest, skirting a vast salt marsh or half-dried arm of the sea. Spleudid timber was met with; one tree like a European elm was measured, and found 337 feet in height, and 84 ft. 7 in. round the trunk. Parrots and monkeys swarmed in every tree, and yielded intermi nable sport. The wallah tree also abounds, bearing nuts the ahape and size of small lemons, insipid unless roasted. Teak, cam phor, laurel, palms, and bamboos are plenti ful, besides what Captaiu Lawson thought to be a sandal tree. Tangled creepers and parastic plants form an agreeable and shelter ing growth. The utter silence at night pre sented a strange contrast with the hubbub of animal life during the day. Now and then distant shots were heard—a sign that the na tives, strange to say, had fireanne. A village was passed from time to time, and all available hospitality shown by the inhabitants. By the bank of a large river a herd of fiftv or sixty deer was sighted, the old buck dropgin" to our traveller's rifle, and ere long three crocodiles came paddling down the stream, attracted by the blood of the amimal, their appearance setting the party to flight. Ano ther large deer, of a species he had never seen before, and called by Aboo das mellan was found killed by a moolah or ti»er, who had been heard long into the night crunching its bones. The terror of the moolah kept the native followers perpetually on the gui via. To this animal we are more indebted for the most lively part of the narrative before us. It is the means of bringing out an amount of prowessjm the part of the writer which may rouse to envy the most accomplished aud ven 1 turou3 of Eastern Shekarries. It is not every on who would eveu in emagination feel equal to facing a wounded tiger, and despatching him with a knife:— Finding himself distanced, the moolah, who had lost the use of one of his fore legs, turned back,' and again came towards me, betore X had time to ram home a bullet. There was nothing left but to run for it, and run 1 did till I went sprawling over a fallen trunk. Bofore I could rise the beast was upon me, and with a growl of satisfaction and an ticipated vengeance, as I thought, toot me into his clutches. I had a long dagger-knife in my waist belt, and I drew it with all speed, and fright lending nie more than my . usual strength, I drove it up to the hilt in the creature's side. Turning savagely on feeling the pain, it seized the knife in its powerful jaws and broke it. It was its last act, for immediately it fell dead without a groan; and with great relief of mind I extricated mvself from under the caTcase. "Upon hearing my call, my companions came up. They were rather alarmed, for I was drenched with the moolah s blood, aud I have no doubt cut a ghastly figure ; but they soon' regained their courage when they saw the d'e.ad body, and were convinced that they had.,nothing to fear personally. With tlio exception of a few triflng bruises and scratches', from the animal's claws, I was unhurt. My escape was certainly remarkable, and a cause^ . for great gratitude towards the Almighty. ^ ' This mooliih,' a female, was exactly like',, that of Bengal, but handsomer, 7 feet 3 inches from nose to end of tail. A male 7 inches longer, was dropped shortly afterwards whilst devouring a deer.. Tilt; moolah is peculiar in giving out a screech like the hyaua though tea' times worse ; a more horrifying outcry, lasting all night, intensified as it was hy horrible vultures, our author never heard, he might have thought the forest haunted by. demons. To fall into the jaws of a creature. like the moolah seems, however, far from "being the quietus we should expect to find it. The rascal Billy having gone to sleep.on his watch, our author'was aroused by loud cries • just in time to see a larpe moolah .disappear ■ in the jungle with poor Danang in his mouth. Happily ere anything could be done, the black walked back again, somewhat badly bitten, about the ai-m and shoulder. His report was that, being suddenly woke up and dragged along with unpleasant roughness, he began to punch violently at the creature with his right fist, which was free, whereupon, astounded* by the strange resistance it met with, it .-left liim lying in the jurigle. Our author can speak of having been him self and having seen others in the jaws of a tiger but this escape of Danang's was -the most marvellous that evar came under his, notice. He "had himself a hairbreadth an escape from a wild bull, who made a rush after receiving a bullet in the shoulder:— , • The impetus of his rush was so great, that th? bull was carried twenty paces beyond me j but he wheeled " suddenly, and taking no. notice of a shot from Aboo, rushed down upon me more fiercely than in the first charge I was fairly unnerved, and ran with all my might to gain tlte cover of a clump of trees' ■ that grew close at hand. I had almost reached them when I felt a terrible shock in the rear, and became aware that I was spinning through- the air. I fell on my right side with sufficient force to knock the breath out of me, but providentally I did not lose consciousness, or else my bones would have been left to crumble to dust on that solitaiy i plain, for Taurus had not done with me yet. Before I had time to celleet myself aud attempt to rise, I felt his feverishly hot breath puffing on my faco. He tried,hard, to gore me, and several times rammed down his head at me with tremendous impulse j but by moving my body quickly so either side, I con trived to escape the blows. Hy pistol was still in my belt, and I drew it aud fired four -shots at the bull's head which had the effect of confusing him a little; but how matters would hare ultimately ended is very doubt ful, had not Aboo come up and put a bullet through the brute's shoulder, which brought him down across my legs with crushing weight. It was no easy matter to get from under the enormous carcase, eveu with Aboo's kelp; and when at length I was released, I could hardly 6tand, so much was I shaken and bruised. However, no bones were ■ broken, and I bad cause to be thankful that X had escaped with my life. Beyond feeling a little faint, and requiring to be pulled round by a draught of brandy, which wo are glad to find held out so long after being served round repeatedly during the march, aided by a score or two of leeches, which the faithful Aboo ran and fetched in a trice, no, great harm was experienced by our traveller from a toss which, by Abbo's calcu lation and his own, was at least thirty feet. Xor is it in i endurance '.only that he is able to eclipse tbo fame of ordinary mon of com mon. He thinks nothing to bring down one of a herd of wild goats at a distance of at least six hundred yards; while those who have hitherto had most to tell of the animal life of JJew Guinea have never been able to sight an individual goat. Monkeys seem to hare abounded of a size only met with by previous explorers in the African forests ; a male 5 feet 3 inches high being brought down by Aboo, his mate, 5 feet in height and 30 inches round the chest, dropping from a tree at the same to a shot from Captain Lawson, with a crash that shook the ground, yet retaining strength enough to get upon her feet until a pistol bullet made her give up the ghost. Both, though horridly repul sive, are described as human to a degree which almost makes one shudder to hear their slaughter spoken of so coolly. The forehead was not so low as in most apes, nor the nose so flat. The skin of the face was wrinkled and swarthy, but had no hairs upon it. Each hand had a forefinger and a thumb, but there were only four toes on each foot. Fingers and toes alike had nails like those of a human being. Aboo had had seen plenty of this species before, always some distance inland, which must account for their never having "been noticed by voyagers familiar with the coast. By the natives they are called, we learn, tilang-noo, the " wild man," their cry being like the whimpering of' an idiot. Our regret that the carrying powers of the party should have been unequal to bringing away the skins of animals so rare and precious is merged in that with which we hear of the mischance which befel the entire stock of spoil accumulated by them in the journey ; a desperate melee with a native tribe, in which poor Joe and Danang were killed aud all the the goods and chattels lost, making it necess ary to beat a retreat when the Xorth Eastern coast was by calculation but twenty or thirty miles distant. These natives were unexpected formidable. Whence they got their " pikes, curved swords, and flint muskets " or whence the chief just before met with got his pair of enormous horse-pistcls, which looked to beat least a hundred years old, is a question which we wish our traveller had put, seeing that he had picked up by this time ii considerable knowledge of the Papuan tongue, whereof he treats us, to a specimen from time to time. The river Royal, for example, discovered and named by him, bears, on the chief's authority the native name "of Chingoo raallan," the rivor of the god Chin, who according to Papu an mythelogy, created all the seas, rivers and lakes in the world, with the fish that dwoll in them, while his three brothers Am, Looshnng, and Dilah, made the earth, plants, and animals; and their sister, Moushat, gave being to all winged creatures, as birds, bats, and insects, Only one language, he writes, is spoken on the island, though of that many of the words arn derived from the Malay, Hindostanee, Chinese and other tongues. He found it easy to learn and pleasant-sounding, being spoken with a clear, distinct pronuncia tion, without any disagreeable guttural twang. How Hindostanee words can have made their • way into regions so secluded to all appearance from intercourse with the world at large, is one of the many things which readers ofCap tain Lawson's book must wish to. see explained. ' ' '.V Among the main geographical discoveries reported by. Captain Lawson on his line of route in that of the river Royal, a mile' broad below its confluence with the Gladstone which must fall into, the Indian Occan, near the X. E. point of the island. It seems strange that Iho outfall of so "noble a stream should have" escaped the notice of the navigators' who from time immemorial bave thronged the Banda Sea, Torres Straits," and islands adjacent, and of the surveyors to whom we owe very ilno charts of the archipelago, whatever mystery may liave hitherto shrouded the interior of New Guinea. " An extensivo volcanic range is also reported in great part extinct. Near Lake Alexandrine, however, 1,507 feet above the sea, a dense column of smoke was seen, followiug which, for fifteen miles, a tremendous crater was reached, and found to be three miles and a quarter in circumference. The summit was scaled in six hours time, and the interior found too perpendicular for descent, which was also precluded by the smoke and sulphurous fumes. 3Iount Vulcan, as the Papuan Etna was named by him, is estimated by our author to be 3,117 feet from base to summit. The smoke and firey glare made a welcome land mark on the retreat of the party, as did also the mighty cone, his crowning geographical glory, pictured in the frontispiece. Mount Hercules, which he calculated at first to be 30,000 feet high, and consequently the highest mountain: in the world, " proved," we read " to be 32.7S3 feet above the level of the sea., We would wish to have Captain Lawson's process of calculation. The only mention made of instruments is that of the thermome ter, which gradually " sank to 22o below freezing point;.- Nothing is said of its having .been boiled in order to get the elevation. All that the party are reported as having taken -with them is a supply of food and water, their arms aild' blankets, and a stout staff each. Carrying firearms up a snowy mountain .higher tha-n Mount Fverest might be thought uncalled for as a precaution, "n'ot to speak of tbe impediment it might present to climbing. Captain Lawson happily shows liiinself all through a nsaujiot easily .disconcerted. Num bed as he .and l^is, party have said to have been—the bloo'dflowihg from their noses and ears, their lips and gums, and the skin of their faces cracked and' bleeding,' and the staves falling froiii' their hands—they were •to pick up new life from the uufaiH'ng brandy enough to set them at the top. Seeing that' their start tfas at -1 aim.,'and that tliey got 6afoly down by half-past 7 in tie evening, our' readers' will- allow that this was an exploit fitted.to croVn ono'of the most remarkable ^series of adventures which have been record ed in. our time. ' ■ " • * Wanderings *in the-Tuterior- oj 'Keto Guinea. By Captain-J; "Ai'JLaTvs<>n. -With Fvontpiece - and Map. London : Chapman and Hall. 2S75. • 