THE CROSS- ITS UE, ABUSE, AND ORH3IN. How simple, harmless; and unpretending does this favorite emblem, ofjan /idolatrous, c rr-ipt, and persecuting /.church, appear, and \et how strange is its true origin,, as set forth by Mr, Hislop, in his /".Two .Babylons," in aicordance with authentic. history. .. 7/ r-.- i'V " In the Papal system, as is well known, tho sign of the cross and the image of the cross are all in all. No prayer, can be said, no worship engaged in, hardly one foot placed -bcf(»T6 the other, without- the frequent use of the sign of the ci;obs. - The sign of thecrosB is looked upon as the , great charm— as the great resource in every season; of - danger— as the infallible pre- servatiye from all the perils that can beset the paffi through life.- .Nptwithstandingthat in the Book of God, and in the.language of inspiration, it is called, - ' The Accursed Tree,' yet in the Chureh of Rome it is- worshipped and adored with all, the homage due only to the Most-High; and to despise or disregard it is a grievous and a mortal- sin. , , . Now to say that such a superstitious feeling arid reverence fur tho 111 ere sign of the cross ever. .was sanctioned or in any way justified by the'saying of Paul, ' God forbid that I should gloryi : save in tho cross of our Lord Jesus Christ,' is,a mere absurdity, a shallow . subter fuge and preten- o ! - ,(The mngio virtues attributed to the sorcalledign of tlio cross, or the worship , bestowed .upon, it, never came from such a source ! , The. same, sign of the cross that Rome , now j uses and adores, was em- iloyedia the Babylonian M \ steries— was applied by paganism to tho- same magic purposes —was honored with the same honors, ami, instead of having been, as it is absurdly and falsely stated, first revealed in a vision to the Christian Emperor Constantine, never was a Christian emblem at all, but simply the mystic T or Tan of the Chaldeans and -Egyptians— the initial of -the name of the idle Tarn muz, and referred to with such terrible -deiiunciati-nis from the Almighty by the mouth of ' his prophet Ezekiel, iu the eighth chapter throughout " There is much more in the rites and cere monies of the Church of Roineto.prove its pagan origin, but the above m iy suffice." The recent extensive use of crosses as female ornaments is surely deserving of serions con sideration. It is naturally fostered /arid pro moted by all classes of Romauizers, whilst with, many it is the mere result of th/uihtlessuess. . But Christian men should see .the' hearing of such a nractiee. and. use their influence -to/'dis- countenance it.— Jolly Giaht. p- The letters of Father, H,\acititbe, ;pubU8b'ed not long since, contain .the following passage, which would seem to have been wrought out of the writer's own exp-riences : "For my own part, my chief fear for religion is not the undis guised and honest scepticism of the f.-es of reve lation ; it is the uncniiscious scepticism of those who set false authority' an I false unity above the truth. The forriit-r consolidates the sacred .edifice by the very attacks which it makes upon it from without ; the second mines it silently from within, until the two f uiidation-stonesare . shaken on which the whole' structure rests — sincerity of faith and integeity of conscience." In another passage he declares that he has never deemed that the Christian coounuiiions separate from Rome are disinherited of the Holy Ghost. "Whatever outwardly divides, in space 'and time, -vanishes like a dream before that which unites — the grace of the same. God, the bio- -d of the same Christ, the hopes of- the same eteruity.". 