Lucius Davoren PBY THB ATTTHOB OF 'HBNBY DTJNBAB,'! 'To which of the upper rooms doea it ascend f asked Lucius eagerly. 'To the north east attie. '.there is adojr at the back of the claset in that room— »jou'd hardlr distineaiek it from the rest of the panelling — oomtnimicating with taut £tair oase,' ? ; ' Did Mr. Sivewrif»ht knoJT or the staircase ?when you let the house to him ?'' Mr. Agar was silent for a few moments, and rubbed his bald bend meditatively ' Well, no. 1 doubt if he heard of it ; that ib to say, 1 don't remember mentioning it. You see, to the candid mind,' continued the agent, taking a high moral tone, ' there is something peculiarly repellent ia secresy ; even a secret staircase is uofc a pleasant idea. And the house had acquired a queer reputation in the neighb jai-hood. Noises bad been heard— strange cats, no doubt— silly people eveA pre tended to having seen things; in short, the ignorant populace described the house as haunted. Idle boys chalked 'Beware .of the ghost' on the garden wall ; and when a tenant ?came forward at last in the person of Mr. [ fiivewright— a somewhat eccentric old gentle man, as you are no doubt aware, but most npright and honourable in his dealings— 1 wa9 glad to let him the old plaoe at a ridiculously ! low rent.' ! ' And you did not show him the stairc.vie ??'' ' No, I certainly didn't show it to him.' ' Nor tell him anything about it ? ' ? . ' I cannot recall having mentioned it.' '?Then 1 think we may take it for granted , ' that he knows nothing about it., By the way, ! how does the. communication work with the room on the first floor —it's a sliding panel, i suppose P'' ' Yes ; there's a bit ef moulding on one of the panels that looks rather loose ; press that inwards, and the panel slides behind the other part oE the wainscot. 1 don't suppose it works : very easily, for it must be a long time since it was uied. ' ' Do you know for what purpose this stair case was originally bailtP' ' No, sir ; that end of the house belongs, 1 believe, to Henry the Eighth's time. That staircase is built in what was once a great square chimney— the chimney of the old banqueting-hall, in fact; for there was a baoqueting-hall, ia Cedar House in Henry the Eighth's time, thongh there's nothing left of it now ; that end is clean gone, except the said chimney. J got an architect to look over the place once for the Miss Cbadwicks, my clien.s, with a view to reparation ; but the reparations mounted up so, that when the elder Miss Chad ?wick got the specification she wrote and told me she and her sister would sooner have the place pulled down, at once, and sold for build ing materials, than . lay out such a lot ot money ; for they are rather close, are the Miss Ohadwicks. The architect didn't seem to think that the old chimney over safe either, «m ,? account of their having pulled down the hall, and took away its. supports, in a measure. * But it'll last our time,! daresay,' says he ; 'and If it falls it's bound to fall outwards, -where it can't hurt anybody,' For, as I dare say yon are aware, there's only a bit of waste ground— a cat walk, as you may say— on that side of the house.' ' Rather a hazardous condition though for a house to be left in,'' said Lucius, thinking that this would gire him a, new incentive to Bod a better home for Lucille speedily. ' Then you don't know why that staircase was built, nor who buiit it f ' ' Well, no, sir ; 1 can't say 1 do. I've often wondered about it. Yon see, the staircase may not have been a secret one in the first instance but may have been converted to a means of escape in the troublesome times that came later. There is no allusion to it in any of the deeds belonging to the house.' ' You spoke just now of my inquiry being curious,' said Lucius after a pause ; ' why was .that P' : ' I thought it rather strange that you should make an inquiry about Cedar House, because some six weeks ago I had another gentleman here who made the same inquiry.*' ' About the sturc&se; P' ' No, he didn't inquire about the staircase. 1 told him about that afterwards, in the course of conversation, and he seemed struck by the fact. We had a gond bit of talk together, first .and last, for he was a very free and open kiod of a gentleman, and had just come from Australia, or America, 1 really forget which, and he insisted on standing a bottle of cham pagne— a thing I shouldn't have cared to par* take of in the middle of the day, if he hadn't been so pressing.' ' What kind of man was he ?'' asked Lucius, burning with impatience. ' Well, a gooi looking fellow enough, bst rather peculiar looking with it. Tall and thin -with a sallow complexion, and the blackest eyes and hair 1 ever saw in a European. The iiair grew in a little peak on his forehead, suck as I've beard some facetious folks call a widower's peak. It -was rather noticeable.'1 ' The rery man!' muttered Lucius. ' Do yon know the gentleman, sir P' ' Tea. 1 think ie is a person 1 know. And gray what inquiries did he make about the ouseP' ' More than 1 remember,' answered the agent; ' there was never such a gentleman for asking questions, and so business like too. He made me take a sheet of paper and sketch him -oat a plan of the hoase in pencil— how all the rooms lay, and the passages and stairs, and so on. That's how we came to speak ot the ?pr'vate staircase, He seemed quite taken aback by the notion. It might be handy, he said, and work inw something that he ?wanted.' . 'What motive did he state for these inquir ies f ' ' ' They were made with a view to making an softer for the property, which 1 had reason to think my clients, the Miss Chadwicks; wouia* . 'be not unwilling to part with. The gentleman is trying to get a patent for »an invention of his, which wili make his fortune when carried out, he says, and he wantB pood roomy premises withm an easy distance of the docks. A thorough man of business, 1 can assure you, though only just returned from abroad,' added Mr. Agar, as if England were the only .country in which business was properly under .stood. ' Has this gentleman made any attempt to forward the transaction P' asked Lucius. ' Have you ever Been him Bince the day when -he treated you to the champagne ?' ' Treated is hardly the word, sir !' said Mr ^gar with dignity. 'The gentleman stood a bottle or Peerer Jewitt. It was as much for bis pleasure as for mine.' '1 have no doubt of that Mr. Agar, But have you seen any more of this agreeable ftleman P1* ' . So, sir, he hasn't been in here since. 1 sy there's some difficulty about the patent It unt easy to hurry thing* where yon've got to deal with Government offices. But 1 expect . to hear from bim before very long. He was quite the gentleman.' 'I donbt if you will ever see him again Mr. Agar, the ' gentleman' or not ; if he be the man 1 take him for.' ?«^aftS£ia£2£l1S5-w'^Ml*toUw 'Only that lie is a most consummate villain.' 'Groodgraciomme, sir. That's a sweeping charge,' '? It is Mr. Agar; and 1 am unable just now, to substantiate i*;. 1 can only thank you for the information you have kindly given me, and wish you good morning.' He left the little office glad to be in the opsn air again to have room to breathe, and to be able to contemplate this new aspect of affairs . alone. ' I ?' He is here then, and henceforward it must be a hand to hand fight between us two.' | Chapter XIX. LTTCILLE'S CONFESSION. One of Lucius Davoren's first thoughts, after that interview with the house agent, was of his sister Janet and of Greoffrey Hossack. The discovery, -whioh lifted a load from his conscience, changed the aspect ef Geoffrey's fortunes. The man who had married Janet still lived, and whether the marriage were legal oi* not — a fact difficult of ascertainment J in a life so full of double-dealing — Janet ; would doubtless count herself bound to him. She had told Lucius, when they met at Still mingtoQ, that she did not consider herself ; and he knev that calm proud nature too well not to know that she would be firm, whatever sorrow to herself wore involved in such con stancy. Lucius lost no time in writing to Geoffrey, at the Cosmopolitan, the only safe address for that nomadic gentleman, tie knew that the people at the Cosmopolitan were generally acquainted with Mr, Hossaek's whereabouts, and had instructions to forward his letters. Lucius wro te briefly thus ; .. ' Dear Geoffrey, — The last week had been fall of discoveries, I have seen Absalom Scbanck, and learned from him that I am guiltless of that scoundrel's blood — a surprise which has infinitely relieved my mind, but which has also given me new cause for uneasi ness. To yon, poor old Geoff, 1 feel it will be a disappointment to learn that Janet's hus band is still in the land of the living; but 1 hope that this knowledge may have a beneficial effect and help to cure you of a foolish passion which 1 told you from the first was hopeless. Wonld to heaven, for your sake and Janet's, that it were otherwiie ! But fate is stronger than man- And, after all, there are plenty of charming women in the world who would be proud te call Geoffrey Hossack husband. j ?? i try to write lightly, but 1 am full of , anxiety, This man's existence means peril for j those 1 love, and 1 know not what Bhape the j danger may assume. Let me hear of you soon / —Ever yonrs, 'Lucius LJavoben.' Ferdinand Sivewright's existence meant peril for his old father and for the inttooent girl who believed herself to be his ; daughter. Of that fact Lucius had no doubt, I and the one question was how to meet the danger. That the old house was now securely defended, he felt tolerably ? sure— as sure as one 'oould be about a rambling old place which was all doors and windows, aad for, aught he knew might ijbill be approachable by some, hidden way that had escaped his ken, The great point now would be to prove to Lucille that this man had no claim upon her ; that no tie bound her to him, not - even the duty of common gratitude for any kindness shown her in her childhood, since he had made her exist ence an excuee for extorting money from her father. He, Lucius, must show her that the fancy which her girlish heart had cherished— the fond belief in this father's love— was more baseless than the dreams of lever, wilder than the fancies of madness. How would he prove this to her P He might show her those letters Bob would the evidence of the letters be strong enough to dispel so deep-rooted a belief, so long- cherished a fancy P 