;r ODD NOTES. By a EonnMUN. So Collii'r.'s' scheme of a railway from. Dalby to the Gulf of Carpentaria has tiirnod out just as you and I said it would from tlio .first ! This proves that wo are oldor ond wisor than some folks. We know the world — eh ? I am not naturally Booptical, nnd always like to think the boBt of everybody — but somehow, of lato years, I havo lost that simple oonliriing fnith ond trust , which I used to have in men who make Inrim ni.nr»»:nn. lence, generosity, patriotism, or disintoreated publio spirit. I don't' mean to say that these virtues aro extinot in tho present breed of men — I know they exist— but not among thoBo who mako loud and vohement protestations of boing aotuated by thom in an unuBiial degree. When a man assures me over and ovor again of his personal piety and devout frame of mind — I begin to inwardly speculate whother ho will end by asking mo to lond hiin money, bao.k a bill, or become surety for him in a risky under taking. When the proprietors of a gold mine ask me, by i,rospeotus or otherwise, to take sharps in their mino on the simple ground that it . is so rich that tlioy can well afford .and are deter-, mined toollowthegoneral publio to share in thoir good fortune — I conclude at once that tho mino is eithor worked out or the chances of its con tinuing to be a paying speculation aro fearfully diminished. In tho same way when I hear of a company of men undertaking, or being ready to undortako, some great public work — ohiefly for ? tho benefit of the public — my first onquiry is, whether thoy expect to make 50 or 100 per cent by it. Now Messrs. Collier's proposal struck mo as one of those benovolent dodges, and I couldn't see how thov were going to make the profits — and I knew they wouldn't undert/.ko. tho work without thoy could make thom — aud I thought-., the Parliament would not care to have tho colony pluoked to tho extent necessary to satisfy tho benovolent cravings of these public-spirited gentleman ; so, pntting ono thing with another, I concluded that tho project would fall through somewhere a long way on this Bido tlio com mencement of this magnificent work. Their splendid sohomo now resolves itself into a modest little proposal to build for tho Government a lino of railway from Dalby to Roma (ot £5,000, without competition, becauseafter liaviDg finished that work they could throw up. the other-at any time — just as it suited their convenience. If tho Government would givo them tho job to build that lino from Dalby to Roma I'don't think they would lose money by it. They would manage to make a lino of some sort over tho' country named, for £5,000 a.milo. But it un fortunately happens that 'we want railways in other directions . just now, and the need for them is more pressing than tho Roma extension, so wo aro not' likely to bo able to fall in with Messrs. Collier's views on the subject. It's , a pjtyl — Isn't it But tho real fact is that wo do not duly appreciate the high qualities and rare gifts of the people' who como hero to cast in their lot with ub — as plenty of ' new chums' can testify. A painful instanoo of this has just oome to my knowlodgo with respect to tho Parliamentary Librarian. We all remember what a fuss there was made about filling up this post. How nobody in Queensland was found, good enough for, the billot, and how tho Speaker had at lust to take the maLtcr into his own hands, and by tact and, good judgment at length prevailed on a gentleman from Melbourne to acoept the post. Would you believe that the Speaker, President, and Library Committee are now acting shabbily to this gentlemen? Could yo'u thinlt thoy would deeosnd io Buch a tliing ? You'oouldn't — but thoy nre . doing .: it. The Balary, as you may remember, wus only £400 per annum — with the' run df the refreshment room — so at first they allowed ' the librarian a- largo room below tho library, ''with bedding and a little furniture to mako himself comfortable in a rough bachelor fashion. But- the gentleman is married and of course would jlike his wife to bo with him, ond his wife would like hor maid 'o attend to her — nothing could be moro reason able. But when ho oivillj asked for two more rooms in tho building — one for a bedroom. for himself and wife, and anpthor for tho maid, and that thoy should got their meals from tho refreshment room, tho modost request was coolly, but firmly, refusod. Isn't it Bhamefuj, oruol, mean, stingy, — and several other exple tives ? If an old resident of Queensland had obtained tho appointmont I should not have been surprised at euoh treatment, becauso, as you are perhaps aware, thero are no QueenB landei'B of much account for a post of this sort. But to treat an nble man, and a Btranger, so sourvily is Bimply disgraceful. Next time they want a parliamentary librarian they will have to whistle for oiie— furthor off than Australia if they moan to liavo u. Btrangor aud a fir^t olasi irian/ for tho news of tho treatment , the present officor has received is , . sure to get wind.. Isn't it painful aud humiliating to think of tho sorry figure the colony will out among tho great men of Sydney, Melbournei Adelaide, Hobart Town, and othor largo centres of populatioirin tho neighbouring colonios when once tho thing becomcB known. I havo serious thoughts of. fleeing away to Fiji before tho oxposuro takes place. There is some othor poor martyr to Bpito and malice, slander or uuoharitablenosB, among us judging from somo mystorious advertisements which have uppoarcd iu tho Courier during tho lust fow days. Hi» name it appears is Henry Dodds. First, there was the following announce ment from the meek uud suffering Dodds : — TVITt. MWllY DODDS, lute pnssongcr 111 Abboy Ilolino, ati from London, lit'gH to 'tli link publicly Ills Christian friends who, under eovor of anonymous communica tions,. }iuvo succeeded in tlielr lunllolous intentions.. Sullivan's Tomperanco Hotel, Qoorge-streot, Brisbano. It is rather mixod anyhow, because if . the plottors against tho faithful Dodds were ' Christian frienda,' they would not have outer t lined ' malicious intentions,' nor have carried them into effect under cover of ' anonymous '' nor any other . kind of communications. But wlnjt is the matter ? Who haB been wronging the poor fellow ? And how, where, and when? And why did ho advertiso the fact iu tho Courier ? Theso were tho questions which rackodimy .brain and laceratod my fcolingB:for several days, whon'lo and boliold, the following anrlounceinont wus odvortised : — TTENBY DODDS desires, previous to liis doparturo from llrlsbano, wliloli tnkes plnoo on un early day, tbo anonymous writers of cortaln eplstlos to meet liim opouly THIS DAY, in ordor Unit tlio above statomonts may, If vorlflod, bo proved j if not au apology givon will put an end to tlio matter. This appeal to Goutlomon, I fool, will not bo in vain. ; Sullivan's note), Goorgo-stroot, This thing was getting too painful altogether, so I kept a sharp look-out on that hotel all tho day referred to-^bufc the hopefijl confiding Dodds wbb ognin doceivcd; The appeal was ~ ' iu vain,' for never a man jack of tho ft Christian friends ' turned up, no apology was given, and tho mattor Btill remains as profound a mystery as over — and will remain bo, I fear, until the day of judgmont, if not longer j for all tho information I can gather on tho subject is cortoin nods, winks, and pointings with th0 thumb over tho shoulder to tlio Bervants quar ters at Government.Houso. . My friond Douglas has como out with his address to tho electors of Darling Down's — and this time thoro is no mistaking his moaning — especially on the subject: of dummying— but I am assured upon oxcellent authority that ho won't stand a ghost of a clianco. Thoro aro said to bo eoven hundred and forty names on tlio roll, a majority of whom aro equattors, and they Jill Bympathi:e bo deeply with poor Mr. Wienholt ovor tho recent decision in tho Too woomba Assize Court — that they are determined to return a friend of the family, in tho porsou of Mr. Graham, to soo if ho cannot get. those decisions revevsod in Purliainont, or Stephens turned out of office, or a good round sum by way of compensation to Mr. Wionliolt for tho loss of his laud — and a final stopper put upon this malicious and tyrannical proseoutiou ofsuspectod duminiors by ejecting thom from tho lands they have acquired by ' a too liberal intoprotution of tho lettor of tho law.' It is hut natural that they should do so, when you come to think 9f it, for they aro most of thorn in tho samo boat( havo tho same foe to fight, aud tho samo interests to maintain. Yet I should like to soo . Douglas iu tho House, I must admit.: I fancy he lias something to say which wants sayiii about several things — something i.itoresting and important — and whioh caunot bo Baid with effect anywhoro else. Wo shall seo what wo shall see, at tho closo of tho poll. 