BRITISH AND FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY. The annual meeting of this useful society was held in the Odd Fellows Hall, Beechworth, on Monday evening last, there being about 200 persons present. After the usual devotional exercises, Mr 11. WARREN, who was called to the chair, expressed the pleasure he felt at be ing present, and regretted the absence of Mr llrett, the President of the Society. He said the Bible was not, only the word of God to lead them to heaven, but it was the best guide for even day life. He had been a reader of the Bible from his youth, but notwithstanding this he always found fresh and new delights in it. They had on the platform tbe Bev. B. Back house to tell tbc-m of tbe Bible, aud what it had accomplished in heathen lands. They should go back to the time when God first gave the Bible to man, when he inspired holy men of old, and throughout the successive generations preserved it intact, and handed it down to them for their instruction and guidance. It was the Bible which brought great blessings on their lives.; it was firmer under their feet than the rocks or earth on which they trod. Surely (said the speaker) when all those facts were before them, they onght to seek to spread it to those nations who had not got it. He thought then- dis trict compared favorably with Melbourne with regard to contributions. They had last year sent down £35, whilst Mel bourne only doubled that amonnt, with a population of about half a million. The speaker regretted to state that their secretary (Rev. T. Layer) had been called away on account of domestic affliction. He would therefore call upon Rev. R. C. FLOCKART to read the I report, which was as follows : — The Committee of the Beechworth Branch Bible Society, in meeting their friends at the ' close of the year, are led to report the pro ceedings of the past with devout thanksgiving. They feel a growing interest in their enter- . prise ; and are encouraged by the sympathy of the public to urge themselves and others to further acts of zeal, in this truly great and good work. Your committee, in seeking to carry out the benevolent purposes of the British and Foreign Bible Society, in this neighborhood in particular, and to spread the Sacred Scriptures throughout the world in general, would respectfully and earnestly solicit yonr prayers and practical assistance ; believing that, if idolatry and snperstition in their various forms are to be abolished ; if our youth are to be instrncted in righteousness ; if our Institutions are to be influential in promoting the spiritual and intellectual well- being of mankind for time and eternity ; if the whole earth is to be filled with the glory of God ; the Bible must become the World's Book. The reports of the parent society show, that that noble Institution never oecu- pied a more extensive, and therefore impor tant and responsible position in the midst of the nations of the earth, than at the present time. Its influence is being felt, not only in the cottases of the humble peasantry, but also ' In the palaces of nobility and royalty. All over the face of Europe, in many parts of India and China, in America and Africa, as well as in the islands of the seas, the mighty force of Divine Truth is felt. Multitudes have been converted into friends of the Book, and with your committee, are led to acknow ledge, that if wars are to cease ; if peace is to reign " from the river, to the ends of the earth;" and the vast families of tbo human race are to live in the bonds of one great I brotherhood ; the Bible, with its Divinity, its preoepts and spirit, is the grand agent by which those glorious and desired ends are'to he accomplished. - — — Your committee called attention at--tteir. last nqbliq- meeting to the- -importance .of something being done iowpfigbLu'spfSkd of j " :X ' _ \- - v ' -v. . - . . trict. They made an application to the Com mittee of the Chinese Church in Melbourne, and the Rev. James Moy Ling was permitted to pay a visit to Beechworth. After having gone through the camps of Beechworth and Stanley, as well as visiting a laige number of his countrymen while, at their work in various parts of the neighborhood, and baviug pre sented a most favorable report to your com mittee, an application was then made to the Melbourne Committee for a converted Chinese in connection with Mr Moy Ling's church to take charge of the work in this locality, bnt it was thought by the said committee unwise to place such a responsibility on either of tbe members of the said church, seeing that they had been but so recently converted to the faith of the Gospel. A request was then for warded to Melbourne asking the committee to allow Mr Ling to pay a second visit, but it was found impossiblo to spare him from the chnrch of his care, as the work had so in creased within the last few months, and there fore required urgent attention from day to day. From the interest manifested on the part of the public at a meeting held in the Indepen- dentCburcli, Camp-street, Beechworth, for the above object, your committee felt that their duty was plain— viz., to use every means in their power to obtain a suitable agent to attend to the spiritual interests of this par ticular portion of our community, and now urge on all tbe members of the Bible Society to pray that the Lord of the harvest may send forth laborers to gather in these redeemed Chinese for the Chnrch of Christ. The amount of subscriptions for the year has been, £37 Is 3d ; expenditure, £37 Is 3d. A free contribution has been made to the parent society of £25. Your committee rejoices that the Word of God, with a sovereignty all its own, is tri umphantly passing on in its benevolent career, ministering blessings to its friends, and doing good to its foes. Rapid and successful inroads have- been made upon the kingdom of darkness. The true light is shining with a lustre such as the world has nc-ver before known. Error on every side is trembling at the presence of "the truth as it is in Jesus," aud the signs of the times clearly indicate that this is emphatically the season for action. There never has been a period in the history of the Bible Society, when the united practical sympathies and earnest prayers of its friends were more need ful than the present. From such considera tions your committee are anxious to " work while it is day." Not only are s3stems of evil and superstition to be overthrown, but the whole world is to he blessed with the salva tion of the Gospel. Necessity is laid upon the friends of the Bible, to aid in the accomplish ment of the large-hearted, and benevolent desires of the parent institution — viz., to fnrnish every home of our world with the lamp of Divine Truth, and to place in every hand, acopy of the Word of God. Then, "They shall teach no more, every man his neigiibor, and every man his brother, saying, know the Lord, for they shall all know me, from the least of them, unto the greatest of them, saith the Lord." Mr JAS. CUNNINGHAM then read the financial statement, which showed balance from last year £3 6s 6d, receipts £33 14s 9d, total £37 Is 3d, and ex penditure, £37 Is 3d. The Rev. R. K. EWING moved the following resolution ; " That this meeting thankfully acknowledging the favor of God manifested towards the British and Foreign Bible Society, in the many and triumphant successes with which its operations have been crowned, resolves to continue and increase its practical sympathy." And, in referring to a re mark of the Chairman's, the rev. gen tleman said, his batter' was not charged that evening, the weather was against magnetism of any kind just then. He beard with interest the report of the committee, it seemed to be full of heart and of intellect at the same time. Amidst all the nps and downs of life, God's Word had been to him a blessing, and in the midst of sorrows and griefs, God by his Word miDgled blessings. He was hound to say he had himself ex perienced it in the town of Beechworth. He remembered, shortl' after arriving in Beechworth, attending a tea meeting in the Wcsleyan Church, and referring to the people of Beechworth as " men of the mountains," which utterance was looked upon by some as a gush of affec tion, but that affection was not cooled yet. When he contrasted the contribu tions of Melbourne to the Bible Society with those of Beechworth he was as tonished. Melbourne men would spend more over a single dinner party than the entire city has given to God. He hoped the men in Melbourne would know what he was saying about them that eveuiug, so that next year their contributions might be £7700 Is, iustead of £77 Is. He (the speaker) thought that nil who were not present at the last annual meet ing to give anything, should give what they would had they been present last year, together with their gift for this year. So it should be with those attend ing the church, if they stayed away one Snnday, they should at their next atten dance give their two contributions. It was a difficult task to get the Word of God translated and dispersed to all nations. They might naturally ask what is the Bible ? It was simply the word of God. It was the reduction of some of his eternal and infinite thoughts to their finite comprehension. It was what God thought about them in the past ages; what he thought of them at present ; and what he thought about their eternal future. All the influences which had raised the world to its present position were to be found in the Bible. It was the most antique and correct history, j Holy men of old wrote as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. They were inspired to receive from God, things for ns, and for ns to send to earth's remotest bounds. From Genesis through the prophets, onwards to John, when Christ the great head of the Church is revealed, were grand and glorious books. It they I took the composition of the Psalms they wonld find that their best poets were in debted to the Bible. It has raised their forefathers from the worship of Druidism to the worship of the Lord Jesus Christ. Dr Chalmers represented it as " the ex pulsive power of a new affection." The Bible Society had its triumphs in various parts of the globe, hut they would not rest satisfied until every creature pos sessed a copy of the Bible ; then and' not till then would the society have accom plished its work. Mr W. LINDEGAARD seconded this resolution. Rev. B. BACKHOUSE, on rising, ' I explained why the contributions of Mel bourne were so small as compared with I those of Beechworth. He was glad j to state that the Bible Society was in a most prosperous condition when compared I with former years. He had a statement I to lay before them which he had received from the committee of - tbe Parent Society. Not even in tbo jnbHee year was there so much received for its sup port. The income for the year wag up wards of £222.191. ' and more than 120,000,000 bibles, in nearly "800 different languages, had'beeirissaed since was a quarter of the globe with which the , Bible has been connected from the earliest I limes. It was there the Septuagint or Givrk version of the Scriptures was issued. At Alexandria the whole of the Old TV«'ame-n was rendered into Greek. Just alter the birth of the Saviour, Africa stood out prominently. It had only been during the past few years that a great many of its miseries had been revealed. Abont the close of tbe last j century the Bible Society commenced its j work. Africa was then looked upon as j a new country. Dr Vanderkempf was sent forth ; he was a Dutchman, and after his conversion, gave himself up to the services of the London Missionary Society. He was sent to the Cape of Good Hope, in Southern Africa, which was then in the possession of the Dutch. It was among the Hot tentots that the Doctor and his colleagues commenced their labors. Dr. Phillips was the man who addressed a protest to the British Government, and by so doiDg managed to secure freedom for the Hot tentots. The most prominent featnre of Bible work at the present time, was in connection with the Caffir tribes. The rev. lecturer then gave a description of the great work which Dr. -Moffutt was accomplishing. Dr. Moffatt went as a missionary to Africa, a little more than fifty years ago, and returned to England about thirty-three years ago. This great man stated before an English audience that be did not know how to talk to Britons, after being for nearly twenty years among savage beasts and still more savage men. But (said the lecturer) he did speak, and gave them the history of his movements in the interesting country in which he labored. He said, in 1820 he went out to the most distant part to which a missionary had gone, and dwelt among the Sechu- anas. They were the lowest and most bar barous of anynation; hadno knowledge of God, hut believed that some great spirit dwelt in the mountains, to whom they of fered sacrifices. WhenDr. Moffatt and his company arrived at their destination, the natives thought they were runaways from their country. As for books and writings they could not believe in them. It was hard work for a Briton to come in con tact with savages, and to pick up their language. A great deal had to be borne. Sometimes their interpreter would give the wrong meaning to words and phrases, and at other times wonld speak in harsh tones when the reverse was intended by the missionaries. " Although, " said Moflatt, " it was amnsing to hear the blunders sometimes made." The pro nunciation of the Caffir language was difficult. The difference of the words being chiefly in tho aspirate. As an illustration of the imperfect ideas sometimes conveyed to them, the lecturer said the phrase, " The fear of the Lord," was made to appear " The turning about of the Lord." Dr Moffatt set to work to give the Word of God to them, and after a time, he managed to give them the Gospel of St. Luke. He thought if he could only get 100 of the natives to read it, he would then say with Simeon of old, " Lord, now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace." Dr Moffatt finished his translation, and then went down to the Cape to get it printed, hut was informed that if he waited to get it printed there, he might wait until doomsday ; that he had better go to England. Acting on this advice, the great missionary went, and many thousand copies were struck off by the Bible Society for him free of charge ; and on his return to Africa, these testaments were welcomed by many of the natives. Dr Moffatt then thought he would translate the Old Testament for them, so he set to work, and, encouraged by Dr Livingstone, he managed, to get as far as the 6th chapter of the second book of Kings. At this stage his health broke down. After his famous visit to Mosacakebsee, the terrible chief of the Matebele, across a trackless desert of 150 miles, Mr Moffatt returned to the Kuruman, completed his translation, and printed it at the Missionary press. A new edition of several thousand copies was subsequently printed by the Bible Society, on Mr Moffatt's second visit to England, after an interval of 30 years from his first visit. Mr Backhouse then gave details of other African translations of the Scriptures, and of the elevating power of the Gospel among the various tribes, both in Southern and Western Africa, in spite of all the horrors of slavery and fetishism. The lecturer was glad to state that now the Bible was open to millions. Even if they confined I themselves to one portion of the globe, as he had done that evening, it presented work which would make an angel's heart rejoice. Livingstone was gone. He had tried to abolish slavery, and had in a great measure succeeded. He had been the instrument of bringing many converts to the fold of Jesus. The eastern part of Africa also was now open to the Bible Society and its missionaries. He hoped they would resolve to stick to the bible, and send it to all the nations of the earth. After the collection was made, the Bev. R. G. FLOCKART moved, and Mr A. L. GALBRAITH seconded a vote of thanks to Mr Backhonse, which was carried. Mr D. FLETCHER moved, and Mr W. DUNCAN seconded, a similar vote to the ladies who had devoted their time to collecting subscriptions, Which was also carried. Mi- J. P. D ALTON moved, and the Rev. B. BACKHOUSE seconded, that the res pectful thanks of this meeting he given i to the president and committee of management for their valuable services during the past year, and that the fol lowing gentlemen he the officers and committee for the ensuing year, viz. ; — President, Rev. R. C. Flockart ; vice- presidents, Rev. R. K. Ewing and Mi' W. Lindegaard ; treasurer, ' Mr R. War ren ; lion, secretary, Rev. T. Laver ; committee : Rev. W. Morton, Messrs W. G. Brett, W. H. C. Darvall, J. D. Law, D. Fletcher, W. Duncan, W. Hyem, J. Cunningham, James Warner, J. P. Dalton, J. L. Bowen, A. L. Gal- braith, T. T. Morris, and J. Pooly. Carried. Mr JAS. CUNNINGHAM moved, and the Rev. R. K. EWING seconded, a vote of thanks to the chairman, wilifh i was carried unanimously. The singing of the Doxology brought the meeting to a close. 