NEWS' AND, NOTES. We l[?] to offter a rawara of £5000 for the discovery of a new gold- We shall have something more to say about the billetting business in a few days. In the meantime, the fun is getting too fast and 'furious for our over the-lefl contemporary, which insinuated a lie that it dared not openly state, and then, in the old familiar style, thought to cover up disgrace by bluster. Said Falstaff—“ Thou knowest my old ward—here I lay, and thus I bore my point.” And we all know what happened to Falstaff on that occasion. Mr John Palmer, on the part of the Disloyal Liberals, thought fit, on the arrival of the special train from Talbot' on Friday evening, to insult a gentleman, whose shoe-latchets he is not worthy to unloose. As the train was leaving for Melbourne, Mr Palmer approached 1- his Excellency’s carriage and saluted him with aboo-hoo.” There was no,sym pathy expressed with this insult of a gentleman who. may be presumed to be nearly as fit a judge of con stitutional politics as Mr John Palmer. ■We regret to learn that the only child, a son, of the Hon. W. C. Smith, died on Friday from a virulent attack of diphtheria. This calamity is the more sad as the deceased had just arrived at an interesting age, being nine years old, and therefore-become intelli gently companionable. As a mark of sympathy with so old a public citizen as Mr Smith, the flags at the City- hall, Town-hall, Royal hotel, and other buildings, public and private, were hoisted half-mast high. The Water Commission on Friday evening postponed their meeting as a token of condolence and respect for Commissioner Smith in his bereavement.' . ' " In the course of his speech at the dinner given to his Excellency at Talbot on Friday afternoon, the Hon. Duncan Gillies briefly touehed in a general way on the political situation. He hoped that the new Ministry would receive a fair show at the: hands of their opponents, and stated that proposals for. future legislation would shortly be made, which the. Ministry believed would satisfy and meet with the o£ the larger portion -c tue community.- The present Ministry were'about to bring before the colony a policy having for its object the greatest possible pros perity for the largest number; and he asked that the Ministry should not be judged by their promises but by their acts. < We may as well state for general information that there is not . the least' truth in the ; ; statements about the fraudulent votes, or offered bribes, which have been made in regard to the election for, Ballarat West, These are stale devices which have been em ployed at pvery election, and are merely a repetition of what used to be circulated when the C. E, Jones agitation was going on. The " liberal " organ has not an inventive mind. If there is to be any fraudulent voting, it will, most probably, be by that party, which was detected filling up electoral-rights, and which got 500 extra and mysterious votes at the Redan once upon a time. , ' ' The Water Commission, out of respect to the late bereavement of Commissioner W. C. Smith, adjourned their usual meeting on Friday night for a fortnight. The only business-done was - the passing of the follow ing accounts:—Labor, £73 13s 2d; wages,-£2; Upper Gong Gong, £564 7s 7d; C. Keasley, £1 4s l0d; Brudenell, £1 ss; Qibbings, £2; Ewins, £2 8s 7d; Trebilcock, £lO 10s; total, £056 19s 2d. The chair man stated- that if any important business had to be attended to he would call a special meeting of the commission. It was resolved to send a letter of con dolence to Commissioner Smith, the-matter to be left in the hands of the chairman and secretary. Com missioner Robertson was introduced to the-commis sion by the Mayor of Ballarat East as 3. newly.; elected commissioner, and. was inducted to his seat, fj A meeting of Mr Joseph Jones’ supporters was held at the Eglicton hotel. Market street, at. which about 100 electors were present. Mr P. Bowden-was in the chair. The meeting was unanimous, and the greatest possible enthusiasm. prevailed. All present enrolled themselves as -a 'committee, with the full determina tion of thoroughly canvassing that part , of the elec torate on behalf of M r Jones.' ' " 1 ’ ; ~ Mr Fincham addressed the eJegtors of Smythesdale on Friday evening, at the Meehanios’ If all; Mr Wi R. Baker was voted to the chair, and there were about 260 persons present. Mr Fincham gave’ Along address, and was listened to most patiently throughout. ’He attacked the Arpiis, Sfar, and Grenville Times forj as ho alleged, giving ihcarreot -and false statements and opinions respecting him. The editor of the ; Grenville Times was present, and; said’that -he couldVproye what he had alleged in; his paper; namelyy that i Mr Fincham had been drinking spirits at Haddon and Smythesdale, and .then gone to ( visit, the electors- of Ross’ Creek as a full blown teetotaller. There was some boo-hooing over this statement of the Grenville Times. '' Mr'Fincbam’theniwent.'through hispolitical creed, and stated; in reply, to questions, that the neces saries of the working-map had not been increased in price by protection,• that the coloniai pandles vvere as good as the imported; ohesj;; that the feasbh"why!the colonial leather was sold in E n glami/oheaper/than here, was, that only the rubbish was sent there;.* He also informed the meeting that the Jones’ partyjjwould haye all. the public-houses open to the electors ou the day of supply Ahem with .idrink,*fgratis. A'vote of confidence iwas moved by -Mr Fancke, and seconded by M.? Qilhooley," show of handa/heing taken, about‘two- thirds of-thpae present held lip jtheir hands in fayorhf the motion.’, ad dtesi the electors at’Sebastbgbr this* evening; -. We must apologise to a number of correspon dents to-day, ; whose letters we are compelled to hold "oveFthrougfi pressure on'dur^pace.'.';'"" r: / .it is not true, as stated by a correspondent the other day, - 'that Mr Munro',M.Xj.A., and MrW.~o.~"S[nith; M.L.A., were m ; hißbhbp ; ~“ : touting.” : '' Mr Munro has, never been, says Mr Hiller, in his shop at all, and Mr W. C. Smith has not been there for many months, j Clearly there has been a mistake somewhere. A meeting of Mr Jones’ supporters was held on; Friday evening, at the Koh-i-Noor hotel, street. About sixty electors were present, the whole of whom enrolled themselves into a committee, and \ divided the district for canvassing. A meeting of Mr; Jones’ friends will be held at the Victoria hotel,; Haddon, this evening. ' i A most interesting and' somewhat ludicrous assault | case was heard at the dity Police-court on Friday.. A-; respectable-looking- Mrs Lee, sum-| moned Mr John{K)wther,:liead^miaater t of the Errardj street State school, for an aggravated assault on Tues- j day last, and a cross-summons was taken out by Mr j. Lowther against Mrs Lee for a like offence. Mr: O’JDee appeared for Mrs Lee, and Mr Trench for Mr; Lowther., j.The.facta of.the case, ~,88, set forth.by ■,MrO’Deb)>were as follow f-b'OniTuesday.laSt Mrs Lee,: the plaintiff, saw the defendant running round her; house after her boy, and on going to see what was; wrong, found Mr Lowther striking the child, who, was on the ground, presumably for throwing stones.; Mrs Lee expostulated with the • defendant rather | warmly, and the latter; -losing his (temper,' struck her.' on the left side of the head, and then ran away. The; plaintiff followed, and while the race was in progress ai stone thrown by some unknown person hit Mr Lowther; on the head. He immediately turned back and laid Mrs; Lee on the ground,-* striking her in the side twice.; The defendant then made fur.hiaschool.room, followed) by the plaintiff, ahd n VflM ,i dt ; ''the school" door Mr Lowtherturned round and kiokedMrsLeeinthe mouth,! while she was stooping down. On the same evening! Mr Lowther expressed Tua" sorrow for kicking the plaintiff to a neighbor, but said he was-afraid to go near Mrs Lee. When'Mr Lowther got in the box,; what may be considered the fun commenced. He de- ! ‘riouhpcd’the plaintiff as a dirty-.vileLWomanj and mvore that her-evidence was a tissue of lies. Mr Trench proposed to his client that he should use more digni fied language; 1 but the’; defendant' went-on in a most injured tone of voice to give his.side of the question, as though he were delivering a sermon. His counsel at last pulled him up by using various threats, the' seemingly most efficacious one being, that Mrs. Lee should b'eV set'Mat Qhim'/, again, whereupon, he burst out into a tirade against all Lees in general. It was elicited from Mr. Lowther that he had not struck the plaintiff at all but she had pulled him.by the beard several times; He admitted having ticked Mrs Lee in the mouth “instinctively,” and wanted to enter into a discussion as to the distinction between an instinctive action and a premeditated one,, but pas nipped ip the bud by Mr OT)ee. Mr Lowthir admitted having been fined be fore for assault, but it was only like this, an attempt to extort money. Mr Gaunt remarked that both parties had evidently been greatly excited at the time, and hardly responsible for what they did, and if matters had ended at the time the stone hit Mr Lowther, the case would have boon dismissed, but ah the defendant had committed himself further in kick ing the plaintiff, jje would be fined AOs' andiooVts.' The Carnival committee met hist night at the Camp hotel, Mr G. Antcliffe in the chair, and got through a great deal of business. Messrs Chalk and Marshall have kindly consented to :act: as honorary auditors, aud the secretary was instructed to request Mr H. E. Caselli to act as honorary architect. The manager (Mr Tenbrink) is up at Beech worth endeavoring to arrange '.terms for a 8 Chinese demonstration, and by telegram received frond him'last night he is sanguine of being successful. Many applications haye come in from proprietors of shows, minstrels, acrobats, and talented artists of and after the manager returns from Beeohworth the executive com mittee intends to get energetically to work, and thd public may rely on a programme being brought' out comprising the best , entertainments and talent that has ever been col lected together before, either on Ballarat or any place in the !’colony. ■« Several; gentlemen have also volunteered their services .for TTany, rotvzfug*' id,"' and every thing is progressing most favorably. * The,special holiday.onMonday. the Bth November, to enable the teachers of Ballarat to visit Melbourne, has been granted by the department. Further infor mation will be given by advertisement as soon as' arrangements with Jibe Railway Department are completed. We are glad to learn that Mr Canova Megson has returned from sick-leave with health restored. Mr James M'Dowall, of Ballarat, was in Mary borough 'last evening, l ‘ “ feeling! ibis' way” (says Friday’s Adicrtiser) to a seat in Parliament, repre senting this constituency ! How many more Ballarati aud other used-up politicians are we to have to visit us ou this errand ? Mr/M'Dowall must even now bo satisfied that he hasn’t even the ghost of a chance of' coming within the distance-post of Mr Gillies in this contest. lu fact he wouldn’t get 200 votes. These i flying visits, we hope, however, do somebody some \- good.' 'First wo have Mr Bowman, .then Trench)' and now M'Dowall. But these men—or any other men-*- may come and may go—must go, in fact—for Gillies goes ou for ever, and cannot be displaced in Mary borough. We hope Mr M'Dowall will believe this. If he doesn’t ;he-will be .sorry by-and-by that he didn’t believe it, and go ’ Hack to Ballarat'as quickly as he came. Friday evening was the second night of the Masonic bazaar held in the Academy of Music. It was of .a most successful character, even more so-than that of the previous evehingl We saw present num-. bers of the first night’s visitors, which we take as a sign of the increasing favor this pleasant place of resort is receiving. As a delightful promenade in the. richly decorated and brilliantly lighted hall it is worth'! the entrance money, to say nothing of the musical attractions and the chance of obtaining one of the; advertised platform prizes.' Elsewhere it will be seen that the bazaar will be'opened to-day from two o’clock , in tho afternoon, and must be finally closed this evening, whether the goods be disposed of or not, i,iio nan is eugagea lor Madame Biston. A large attendance is expected; }. To night -Mr Bruun’s band will be in attendance, and the favorite Mr S. Lamble and others will sing. Mrs W. Little has consented to accompany them on the pianoforte. In our advertis ing columna.will be found lists of prizes., to, be, given 'away to lUa hojtjefg gf fortunate numbers'both day and evening. Our Smythssdale correspondent wrltesi—“ In con nection with the public reception of Bishop Thornton at Smythesdale, it has 1 been arranged that he is to arrive at the Church of England parsonage here on Saturday (this) afternoon, and remain there until Tuesday morning. JJei jyill preach at Scarsdale to morrow (Sunday) morning and Smythes dale in the evening, and at Haddon on Monday after, noon; and on Monday evening a central tea meeting and reception meeting will be held at the Mechanics’ Hall, Smythesdale,” The Buninyong Bo’wling'Olnb opened the season on Friday with a two-rink match between sides chosen by the president and vice-president, the president’s side winning by 59 points' to 40. A party of Ballarat bowlers joined in the opening, and were hospitably entertained, as is tho wont of their Buninyong friends. Tho green was “ as keen as a razor,” and only fine play was of any good. The Argus says:—“ The Exhibition Commissioners have shown their appreciation of the products of some of bljri woollen millsvby making.arrangements for the purchase of tweeds, shawls, and blankets, from tho Barwon Woollen Company and Ballarat Company, with the view of forwarding them to Philadelphia us ■samples of what can be produced in jFistoria.” DrO’Connor, the Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, paid Dunolly.a -visit; this ■ week ; (says ,the, Express), and preached at St. Mary’s Church, as weir as belt! a con-- firmation sersieq, ; Mr E. A. Wynne's wool qlip on his Riverina run is a' good- one this-'yeaf, - ; exceeding -'by!: a considerable weight that of last year. The lambing, however, is hardly up to the average, not rising over 75 per cent. Wo have received - from Mr J. Summerscales the Ballarat series of “ Gospel Leaflets ” in two forms. In one the leaflets are bound up as a neat Ijttla book,, which fa sold for 3d.; in the other, the leaflets are cgn.-„ tained in a jacket,, w,hich.iß sold for 2d.- In either' form they will, mb doubt; bjj acceptable to many. The cricket match between the first elevens qf ffyo B. and the C.C.C. will bo resumed to- day on the- Eastern Oval,, at 2 o’clock sharp. It will be remem,-., iberedxyhen the stumps were drawn each aide had had ahlrimngs, the former’s score Being. 93, and the latter’s 74. As tho !g.G.C. team take the field they are requested to be punctual. As thfl ®atoh promises to be a close and interesting one there should attendance of spectators.- rr.rj" ! ,Jt The Albion C.C. will play the Second Eleven of the,, C. to-day, play to-commence at two o'clock.;; Albion team—Williams, Crow, Clark, Jbnnens, M'Rae/ M'Donald, Menzies,, Hull, Turner, Ware, Barnes; emergency, Swifte, ’Eyles,' Graham'*.. C.C.C. Eleven | will be chosen from the] following—Musaett, Wilson, Corlett, Tippett,; Pateman, Cahir,-Bell, R. Gray, G. Williams, M‘Millan,H. i Williams, Yarey, E. Lowes., .The match is to be played oat. ifi Coursing readers will bear in’mind that the Ballarat 1 Coursing Club’s St.- Leger staked is not conflaed to ‘ members of the club, but is open to anyone. The entry,,with £1.13, tobemada.at Craig’s hotel on I Monday 'next, when’the dogs wilP'-have to be named, their color, sex, pedigree, and the/name of owner of the dams given. The balance-of entry money to be paiddn'"23fd~May,'lß7G,'or'theguidea'wilP'be'for--. feited. J s . Thursday night’s programme, was repeated last night'at "the Theatre good old play, “O’Gallaghan on his East'Legs,” will be performed. The committee of the Ballarat Agricultural and; Pastoral Society jvill sit at Craig’s hotel- this morning,: to ‘dlsctuS' the proposed ram show and business 1 con- j nected with, the society's .spring exhibition. , j Mr David Blair’s lecture bn’the lt Wit and Humor; of Many which' was to have been delivered: at the Mechanics’ Institute on; Mondaymext, has been - postponed'for a week at the request of a number of; the .members, who are anxious .to attend- political; meetings on the'evening originally fixed. | The Rev. James Nish .will preach * twice to- morrow • at.the Ebenezer Presbyterian Church, which is being; In-opened under the pastorate of- its bid--minister, the, Rev. R. T. Walker. A 'soiree in connection with the; opening, will take; place .on-Tuesday. . intending competitors for the. prizes offered.by the’ Ballarat Horticultural Society' for the best-kept cot*, tage-gardens,’ are- reminded that Monday next is ■ the, last day for receiving entries. t ■ Entries for the Grenville-College sports will be re-; ceived jit'the, college,,up to Friday, the -12 th November, j The sports will take, place on Thursday, the 9th De-, cember."• - ;! ’ The Golden Crown-.wi11,-leave Sandridgejirailway | pier;on<nexbrWednesday morning,, at 10 o’clock,- on anj excursion to-the Heads, returning the same evening.! .The fares are moderate, being 7s Gd for adult return, tickets, and.ls.for.childrep. . I The usual Evangelistic services will be held to-; morrow evening at the Theatre-Royal. 1 1 • \ The annual meeting of the City Council will take, place on the. 16th November at n00n..... , Exhibition tickets in connection jwith the excursion! to Melbourne on-Tuesday next, can beobtainedat the; Young'Men’s Christian Association rooms this evening;; Entries for the Clunes Agricultural Society’s Show, close to-day. : -"nA. s;:;;:; v r r j.-ii ; 