SPORTING NOTES. WEST BOURKE COURSING CLIJB. FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT. The first meeting of tbo abovo club thi9 season took place on Thursday, and was well attended. Notwithstanding tho unpromising stato of the weather, about fifty members entered tho field on which the match was ruo, a number which would bo much larger wero it not that tho day gave tokens of beiug quito aa unfavorable for sport as the two preceding. Tbe party selected tho Sbeepwash paddock, convenient to the BoUnda homo station as the place of coursing which, in every sense, was tho bent that could be made, as tuo ground was pretty lovel, and although a fow crab holes were met hero and there, and a few stony places, there was nothing to mar a good day's enjoyment. There was au abundance of hares on the ground, and four were killed after a fine day a coursing, which ended about dark. Tho judge, Mr. James Hearn, gavo very general satisfaction, as also did tho slipper, Mr. Stokes. The stewards likewise pleased everyone. Tho best course of tho day was decidedly run in the first ties for the All-Aged Stakes, between Mr. Evans's George and Mr. SUehau's Spring. After a most enjoy able day had been spent the members of the club adjourned to the Lunccfield-road Hotel, and did full justice to an excellent dinner provided for thenu The following is & list of tho difforont events of the day's sport : — All Aged Stakes. — For all dogs, A sweep- stake of 108., with £5 added, 1st dog to receive £7 Gs. Sd.; 2nd dog, £ 2 9s.; 3rd dog, £1 4s. Gd. Mr. Evans's Ghost ran a bye. Mr. Skehan's Fly ran a bye. Mr. Skehan's Spring ran a bye. Mr. Evans's George ran a bye. Mr. Blackburn's Dart beat Mr. So well's Stranger. . Mr. Scott's Fly beat Wrogee's Fly. First Tiks. Mr. Skehan's Fly beat Mr. Evan's Ghost. . Mr. Evan's George beat Mr. Skehan's Spring. Mr. Blackburn's Dart ran an undecided course with Mr. Scott's Comos, who was afterwords drown, and Dart run a byo. Skcond Ties. Mr. Evans's George beat Mr. Skehftifs Fly, Mr. Blackburn's Dart ran a bye. Deciding Course, — Mr. Blackburn's Dart ran an undecided course with Mr. Evans's George, who was afterwards drawn, and Dart declared wiuncr of the first prize, George second, and Mr, Skehan's Fly third. Puppy Stakes.— For puppies, A sweepstake of 10s., with £5 added, 1st dog, £0; 2nd dog, £2 ; 3rd dog, £1. Mr. RiddeU's Spring beat Mr. Moule's Blue Light. Air. SewuU's Swell ueat Mr, UornbuckJc'tiRip. Mr. liailea's Spanker beat Mr. Scott's Comos. Mr. Wrauge'd Fly ran a bye. First Tif.s. Mr. Kiddell'd Spring bent Mr. Sewell's Swell. Air. Hailes's Spanker beat Mr. Wragge's Fly. Deciding Course. — Mr, RiddeU's Spring beat Mr. Haile9B Spanker, Spring therefore got first prize ; Spanker, second ; and Fly, third. 