ITEMS OF NEWS. Tun Bucoess •which lias attended Madamo Anna Bishop and her Company, in Wnggn, lias quite conio up to all anticipations. Wo aro glad'of this, as it not only indicates tho good taBto possessed by tlio AVugga public, but tliat that public is over roady to do honour to thoso who aro worthy of it. On ovory night tlio Company has appeared tlio houso has boon well fillod, and tho audicnces liavo all been on thusiastio in thoir reception and appreciation of tho tnlont of tho Bishop Company. En oores were tho< common thing, ono of tho pcrformera,-Mr. Beaumont Bend, receiving a recall on ovory appoaranco mado by him. 'That this appreciation was well desorved, nono who havo lienrd him will deny. Indeed, so raro a voico, possessing as it does in a remarkable do grco, tho truest pathos in itB expression, and p'orfcofc clearness in! its articulation, is but seldom heard. Mr. Head's rondering of "Plcaso give mo a Penny," "Maid of Athens," "Nobody's Child," "Touch the Harp Gontly,". and "Speak to me, Speak," woro simply porfect, making tliomeolves felt as well as heard. Next to Mr. Head Mr. Imscollos has mndo tho' most favorablo im pression, and, rightly so, as ho is a grand pianisto and a yoealisfc.of fine nnd .varied powers, as witnoBs his "Bookedin tho Cradlo of tho Deep," and "Bluo Beard." Madame Anna Bishop showed unmistakably tho artisto in her operatic selections and concorted pioces, and sang somo ballads sweetly. Mr. Morloy's best Bong vras tho "Death of Nelson,"1 which was admirably givon, but his forto lies in opcratio music. Somo gcntlomon interested thomsolves in getting up a successful benefit for Madamo Bishop liiBt night. It has been suggested to us that it would liavo been as well to havo givon .a benefit to Messrs. Read Arid Lascollcs, who havo been tho greatost attraction, judging from appearances, when according ono to Madamo Anna Bishop. This meeting of tho Committco of the Hospital, which should liavo been'held on Monday Slight, fell through for want of a quorum. The Secretary,was in attendoneo up to nino o'clook, up to wliich timo tho only gontlemori who came to tlio Board Room,woro. thoIiov. Mr. Falconer and Dr. Wron.j Both of thoso waited for somo timo, and loft bofore nino, as tho chances of getting a sufficient I number to hold a meeting was very small at | that hour. A man namod Thomas Dunno was brought into tho Hospital at two o'clock yesterday morning Boriously injured, by boing thrown from a horse. Dunno was running iu a^hofso on Mr. Mate's run, when the animal ho .ijas riding stumblod, and throw him up against a treo, at tho samo timo falling against him, and crashing, him so as to break his thigh. ; Tho pationt was with littlo delay attondod to by Dr. "Wren, and is doing as well as! can bo ox pccted. : "We are informed that the Messrs. Lintott had the misfortune a few days back to find, on going through the paddock in which their stud horse, Young Tarragon, was, that he was dead. This horse, from his breeding— being from Towns' Tarragon, out of Heather Bello—should have been a most valuable sire.. We believe his foals look uncommonly well, and his death will be a heavy loss to his owners and the district. His Honob, Mr. Jiistico Ilargravo, accom panied by his Associato. passed tlirough toivn on Sunday from Albury, en route to Sydnoy. We aro informed that tho Carandiiii's will visit Waggn iu a fow days, on thoir way to Sydnoy from DcniUquin, whoro they aro now performing. Wis remind- our sporting readers that tho TJrana annual races will take placo to-morrow and Friday. Wo boliovo several local liorsoy itos intoud visiting tho small township. Tiie annual gonoral meeting of tlio mem bers of tho McohanicB1 Institute prill bo held tomorrow night in tho Instituto, at 8 o'clock. OSiB Gfottirnniont Offlzofcto of tbo 27 th inst. contains a notification that n. rotvard of £4-5 will bo paid for bucIi information as mil lead to tjio apprehension of the person or persona concerned in burning, at Emioiiyhnrecnyhn, recently, a stack of liny, tlio property of Mr. J. M, jRonald. Tho Government giro tlio sum of £25, Mr. Ronald offering £20 in addi tion. A similar announccmonfc is published for tlio purpose of gaining information to lead to the apprehension; of tlio personav]io burned a shed, with somo liny, straw, agricul tural implements, and harness, fcho properly, of Mr. IX. M. Wilson,, of Currcwang Creek, near Murrumburrah. " ; A® tho Police Court on,Saturday, before tbo P.M., J/vmos Matthews was enllcd on summons to Janswer a cliargo of unlawfully leaving the hired sorvico of John Francis Jenkins, of North "Wagga. , ,pefcndant did nob appoar, and after taking some evidence tho Bench adjourned tho enso to yesterday. Dofendanfc did not appear at the ridjoiirnod hearing. Tho, complainant stated that he hired fcho defendant t-o fciko charge of some sheep on tho 27th April last. Defendant re ceived possession of tho sheep, but after liiring gave complainant a iwcok'e notice. Defendant proceeded with tho sheep on tho following morning for about half a mile, aud then refused to more further, objecting to go with tho overseer. Defcndaufc was hired for ono week to tnko the sheep to Nangus. Tho Bench ordered n warrant to bo issued for his arrest for disobedionco of sum mons. Beforo the P.M. and F. A. Tompson, Esq., J.P.,Joshua Holland was called on summons to answer the complaint of Richard Cook, of having assaulted complainant by striking him. Complainant stated, that on Friday last he was falling a tree on a piece of ground which he had taken up, when the defendant came and " fisted him away," and then struck him. He (complainant) had selected the ground on the 20th April. The defendant stated that he had selected the land in question on the 15th, April, and the assault was committed in defence of his right. The Bench dismissed the case for want of jurisdiction, as the case involved the question of right to the land. Richard Hyde a wit- ness in the former case, also Summoned Hol- land for using threatening language, and stated that he was met by defendant on the Albury-road, when the language complained of was used. Defendant did not speak to complainant until he (complainant) had first addressed him. Case dismissed. Tub funeral of Miss Annie Maher took placo on Sunday afternoon, when, notwith standing tho unfavourable weather, a large gathering assembled to mark their respect for the deceased lady, by following to their last resting place, m the Catholic Cemetery: THo burial service was performed by tho Rov. Mr. O'Dwycr. Ws learn that Hardy, who was well known hero as a groom in tho employment of Mr. X • J. M'Alistor, died 'rathor suddenly in tho ) Albury Hospital. Ho drove Judge Hargravo from hero to Deniliqiiin, and appeared m ox eollont. health, when lio loft Wagga; After leaving Dcniliquin he wos takon ill, and on reaching Albury una ^admittcd^ mlo tlio Hospital, M-lioro lio died shortly after of or) scpil^s iu tho throat, ; . We lcam, that tho bridge over tho Murcngo Crook has been completed. AVk understand that a gentleman formerly a resident of Wagga, and who has recently re turned from England here, lias kmcUy pre sented three couple and half of h«res; .to lio gentlemen who are getting up a Coursing Clnb in Wagga. Wo boliovo tho .generous donor started six couple from Melbourne, but five of the timid quadrupeds gave up the ghost on tho road, Tho survivors of tho journey ha.vo.bcen sont adrift in somo favorod locality. Notifications appear in the Gazette of the 30th April that applications will be made for letters of administration of the goods, chattels, &c.;, of George Stewart, late of North Wagga Wagga, to Christina Cheeseman, mother of deceased; and of the will of Duncan Robertson, late of North Junee station, to John Murray, of Moama, one of the executors named in the said will; and of the goods, chattels, &c.;, of John Comans, late of Combauuoy Run, near Wagga Wagga, a minor to Michael Comans, of Combimncy, the father of deceased. We learn that tlio Council of Edueatiou hiivo acceded to tho request of tho petitioners who prayed that the lease of tho Eunonylm rcohyali Public School bo iidt cancelled, as re quested by one or two residents of that ncigli bourliood. » n a„ In tlio report of tlio prococdmgs m tlio As sombly, last, week, wo read that tho Marriage with a Deceased' Wife's Sister Bill has been read tho third timo j and that tho Bill granting £300 to foo Mr. Joachim's Counsel lias passed n sccond reading by 17 to 13 votes. Mi'-. Robertson votedfor the'measufo, Mr. Pntkcs against it..- . '' U The Dcniliquin mail duo lioro ou Monday at 11. 30 a.m., did not arrive till about 10 o'clock that night. With'roforcneo to this de lay wo havo heard several complaints, but wo understand, that if tlio real state of tho road nt tho presont timo was known thoro would not be any difficulty experienced in arriving at tho conclusion that it is a wonder tho mail is able to travel at all. Torsons who havo' travellod ovor, tho road latoly assure us that Herculean efforts woro mado by ovory man CQimcetcd with the, coaches on tlio road to kcop up to timo. Our Sydnoy telegram states that tlio byo laws of tho Wagga Wagga School of Arts havo been; confirmed. Tho roforenco is no doubt to thorn of tho Public Library forwar ded to tho Minister of Justico arid Instruction some timo sirico. ; Avaun in tho" Australasian saya about Mossrs. Bowon and M'Alistcr's lato trainor, John Driseoll—" X notieo that John Driscolh onoof tlio most accomplished jockeys, piloted Ringwpod in his rjices (Bathurst) and ho also rodb Llama in tlio Logor wlien' sho dofcated Melbourne. : Driseoll, I boliovo, has been ro tairidd for Ringwood in tho Derby." The ainno writer states that Sir Horculos Hobinspn lia9 disposed of liUhorso Pitz-Ynt tondoTvtb Mr! Alfred Pago, of Tiymiania. Tlio j purchaser is a wealthy yoiing gentleman who j formed a breeding etud in tho "tight little island" on tho other sido of tho straits. There appears to ho every probability now of tho railway' works'fro.iiv Yass to Coota mundra progressing rapidly—and it is time this change tool: plaoo—says the Goulburn Herald oil tho matter:—"During last week sixty workinon—blacksmith, carpontors, nav vies, Ac.—woro conveyed in threo of. Rogers' blisses from Goulburn to-tho camp at Bown ing." Ab wo recently copied a paragraph from tho Gundagai Times to tho offeot that n carrior named Hornby had engaged with Mossrs. T. H. Mato and Co. to carry goods all tho year for thom at £3 per toil. Wo now insert his contradiction published iii the Albury Banner "Having seen in your columns of tho 21th instant an oxtract from tho Gundngui Times to tho offect that X. had. eontractcd with Messrs. T. II. Mato and Co. to carry goods for them all tho year through at £3 pel- ton, Ibcgloavo to Btato that such statement' is entirely false, as I havo inado no engagement ■with either T. H. Mate and Co., or nnv othor Arm, -Tours, &o.;, W. Houkbv." 