THE LATE COMMODORE GOOD ENOUGH. The following is the substance of a sermon preached in the Wesleyan Church, in this town, on Sunday morning, 29th August, by the Rev. W. Moore, who was for many years a missionary amongst the Islands of the South Seas, to which additional interest of a painful character now attaches through the recent massacre of the late gallant and good Commodore and his two faithful men:— Av.l« ?TT'TT/ */?/V . A .ir .-TT TTT * « - _T T_ ' /m.io i n., uu,, auijS' V.LIJ.., Z. — Ann 'Ue kneeled down, and cried' with' a loud vrtiee, Lord, lay not this sin to their charge. And v-'lien. he had said this, he fell asleep. And devout men carried, Stephen- to his burial, land made great lamentation ovev him. It is not the usage of our Church fco preach ?what is termed a 'Funeral Sermon' for any v.vv/ujju | IHUJiliJCL?,, -U[ll Wti lMlUlSti,VUUl. LiLlull fully to improve such solemn occasions jsliil, we do not fbi'gofc that there are good Chris tian people beyond ourtiwn Church, [mleod tho;-o 'who arc in the habit of mixing in society, and visiting the sick chamber, often learn Ira-sons of charity in this respect, an well as meeting with warnings and rich evidences of the truth of our Holy Chris tianity. I thus speak because I have lately stood by the dying bed of the poor uii karned man,' and heard him whisper his '.trust in Jesus ?' as well as by the thought ful and educated man, aniTtalkul of the xvidunce'i of Christianity fl in inward satisfaction and outward Jif'e, in answer to I prayer, and in joyous hope of heaven. .Both these casos were mem hers of other ?Churches who had requested my visits, sand acknowledged to have received some . good under our Ministry. Here we have another bearing testimony for his IoVxj to ' 'Cyd, and rogretting that he has not strength ' to praise God sufficiency for wll 'his mercies. I mean the noble and lamented Commodore Goodenough. Wo claim ;is ?ours these- Christian dead. They are witnesses for Christ, and arc the inheritance of the whole Church of God. Their death is oiesseci, ana uying-pince is noiy. it may be the palace, tie battle-field, -or battleship ; the mansion, -the cottage, or the hut, it little matters where, for 'Tho chambor wheie tho good man moots hi» ' fate Js privileged above the common walks of life.' We are not able to say what death shall bring the greatest good to men or the most glory to God, for God is no respecter of pei'sonB,and His wisdom can noterrand being far-seeing He acts beyond- us. The death of a Prince, and the lamentation of a nation, may be passed by without any marked . interposition of Providence, while the death of a Stephen, and the lamentation of a few ' devout men' may be marked by the con version of a Saul, and the giving to the Church and 'to the world the noble masterly Paul ! Some men are thus public pro perty, and the good Commodore, over whose premature death we now mourn, was, in a special sense, the friend of all our Mission Churches in these Southern Seas. This is my apology, this morning, for introducing this subject, and with so little preparation. * I have, -selected these verses because they suggest some similarity of character and circumstances in life and death, We notice then*:— , ; . ? I Stephen's noble, manly, Christian life. 1 -Remember he was a layman. A holy layman. The circumstances of his election to o.fike you may 'read in the sixth chapter of Acts. - -The widows of the Greekspeak ing Jews, now sojourning in .Jerusalem, had be3ii overlooked in the daily minis tration, or there had been some partiality in the division of the community of goods, and hence a jealousy and complaint. The Apostles1 immediately' called the disciples together, and put the matter into their own h-imls_ to chooss proper. men to administer the temporal matters of the Church to 'serve. tables,' while they gave themselves ' continually to prayer and to the ministry of, the, Word.'- Stephen is specially named as-' chosen for his unblomished character, and as being ' full of faith and of the Holy Ghost'.' , As a r'csult.he had ' power,' ' did great' wonders,' ' tho disciples multiplied,' and a great number of- priests became obedient to the faith.' . VVe'say he was a holy layman.,,. You, expect -your ministers to be holy, and so you should, ' Be ye clean -thatfbear, the vessels of -. tlie ;Lord.' ' But; we use the word holy as no .cant ptiraseyfo'r it is our duty and our privilege too, but remember ye, must be holy, too !' It is noble 'and1 manly,,, it is Christian and right, to be., holy, jfor' God says to, us. all, ' Be'ye'hblyVfor I am holy.' ?- Expect your miuistersfto be holy -men,4and be, sure that ypa are holy yourselves, and helpers in the Church'like'noble Stephen. ' ?} '2. , He'jyas evidently a man of intellectual power, and did his -work. right ,,-well. He seems'not'onlyito have' been a deacon of the tables, but also a deacon of the,. word. He could give a word of exhortation. _ He served the GSmrch. in her temporal thing's, and found-time to teach iit spiritual things. Some doctrinal disputes arose between the Libertine sects and Stephen, but they wcre^ 'not1 ab'le' to'- resist: the wisdom and' spirit with which he spoke, sotiiey charge him ?with- blasphemy,*and'false .witnesses affirm that' lie had 'said' he would destroy ' this holy place and the law,' and thus change the customs, of. the ,'people. His .reply, is masterly.' , He, 'will 'not deny tho charge, for while. the statement is incorrect, yet it has a show of truth. .«lle reminds them of their wonderful history', -and ? argues that the temple, is- not an absolute necessity to the worship oiV.God;! for God had, been wor shipped '-with' out ,a temple, , and that no temple could in reality contain the Most High: 'That -Moses, in .whom they believed, had said 'iliafc(Godi,\vquHl-uise np a prophet, wti'om', if|they would' not hoar, .{hey should be -ciitj off,: ' That, they had rejected . the proplieia, and the lstw 'which wns given by Angels, IkuI resisted tliu Holy tllutet, und I j/iurUerwl the' Just, One. Crushed by the , jjow'ci' of liis reaHnning and elofjuJnce, they , mall on him with gnashing tooth, cost him i out of the city and stone him, while ho himself sees heaven open, and the Son of Man standing on tho right hand of God, and crying ' Lord Jesus leceivemy spirit,' , he fell asleep. 3\. lie was a man of noble piety. He dared to embrace and stand by the truth, and among a few truth-loving men to face tho difficulties of hi*- times. With a spirit that would not quail before Iho infuriated mob of wen 1c- minded lawbreakers, with a principle that will never trnckie to case of gain, with a power of mind and eloquence in lanq-uage that could make itself felt in high-life, and gain its honours, he possessed ,i Jamb-likc spirit and a Christ-like heart. His piety was manly and noble, and he was tho more noble because he was Uhrist liko. Ho could riifcy the misled mob, maddened by their own folly, as well as blinded by their owivsins, and as Chribt] had «ncc KA,id under ^similar treatment, ' Father forgive tnem for they know not what they do,' so now the pious Stephen .?cries. ?Lieni) lay not -tins sin- to cnoir charge,' and so fell asleep. There, is a similarity, in -some respects, between the martyr Stephen *uul, may 1, say, the martyred Commodore. Wo say of1' him, too, that his was a noble, manly Chris tian life. , 1 have heard much about him, I kno,w a little, and I might repeat much of what I have said about Stephen in describ ing his character, for such is my idea'of this good man. He \?as a layman, «. good lay man, a man of great information and sound judgmpiit ; he had evidently laboured hard to qualify himself for his manifold duties* cind especially his commisssion as regards the cession of Fiji. I shall not now say more here, hut just read what -We believe to be a truthful statement from Tuesday's Herald, August 24 : — ' The Pearl was com missioned to the Australian station in May- 1873, and arrived here about three months afterwards. And during the time that has elapsed since then, -'the gallant but now lamented officer) whoso fate We have to de plore/endeared himself to the people by the geniality and charitableness of his disposi* tion, and. his. unostentatious and benevolent j character. Although he had achieved 'no ' brilliant triumphs m war ; his labours in connection with the cession, of tho Fiji i Islands, -which -was consummated in ao ] peaceful a manner, are -no't less',, important than if the event had been brqught about by the sacrifice of human life. His triumphs have been in fact the triumphs of a.uoblo life. At the time the fatal wpurid.w'as'givcn he was engaged in endeavours to 'conciliate a savage and treacherous1 people1; and their ' motives for committing the deed are hard to divine. The nobleness, of the late Com modore's character, perhaps, never so for cibly displayed itself as after the attack upon himself and those who were-on'shore with him. When it became necessary 'to take measures to impress upon the islanders a sense of their wrong-doing, he gave orders that no life was to be sacrificed— that the villages alone \vcre»to be destroyed ; andito this end, blank cartridges -were jn, tho first instance fired' to scare the natives away, be fore the destruction of the huts commenced. His life was Chvistianlike to the end. As ho lay in his cabin, arid-\the'1asb sad hours were passing, no murmur was heard to pass his lips. 'The only regret he expressed, when he knew that his end 'Was approaching, was that he had not strength, enough to praise' God sufficiently ibi. all rHis mercies. .,And he apologised to1 his officers'for giving them so much trouble in watching beside his dying bed. He remained conscious to the last, giving to his officers his last fond mes sages to his now bereaved \vidowtaud,chil-, dren, in a calm clear Voice. At his own request he was cai'ried on to the quarter deck, where he uttel'od a-few affectionate words of farewell to his officers and men, and soon afterwards life had ebbed away.' But we remark again: II. Stephen's death was solemn, mournful, and mysterious. 1\. Solemn and mournful: -'''And devout men carried Stephen to his burial.'an'd made great lamentation over him. - -]f ? '(devout men' then they were pi^obably few. ; aiid it is quite possible that he wWnofc1 allowed a decent burial among 'his friends In the family grounds, but, that in, the stillness of the night they prepared' his'br'ime'd body and laid it solemnly and sadly in! the grave-, yard with the outcast and tlie strangeiv The lamentations may have1 been- the greater, the longer, ,the .sadder, 'because hushed and pent tip in tlieir 'burning breasts. But whether permitted a decent burial ot burial with the outcast and with the.kmeri tations of the ' devout few' our simile here must 'fail as regards 'the Commodore/ ' Ouv- noble frien'd is not buried with the outcast, under 'the cover of .night) with hushed mourners, or the^ lamentations ,, of- a, few devout men. , No,' but among his own, and with his own, and in his, own soil, for ho is buried among Britons, nn'd in 'British1 soil, and mourned over by as true'Britis'h hearts' as England herself 'could produce. He; was( not followed b,y, tile fewi(withrhushed Hob's1, but' by multitudes, of alt ranks and parties, and ten times, as-.many true', hearts would have joined the mourners had circumstances allowed. Still,' after all; his' death and burial was solemnly mournful! Look at the sad faces in that large ship and in that bereaved hbine! See' the half-mast, flags drooping from port', to ' port 'as tlie,,\vire sends the flash of sad news round_ the globe ! ' Listen to the thousands of brave liearts sob with grief. as they remember' the good ? Commodore, ? the widow, and i the fatherless! Wo are all mourners/- 'The r whole country al'e mbuiiiersj and' our noble1 Queen, with a 'ti'Ue sad'^eaii.S.sends the woi'ldrround 1'ier sympathy1,' find enquires fondly after the .widow,! God bless our Queen ! I take the liberty of reacting part of the following-beaiitifuHines 'IrtMem'o- rinin' r^-1 , ??,-,,',?' ' Slowly ,1110 long procoasioi) -moves, witlf boTdmii; imifilud sound,- , , ,;',?- Rre one of England's noblest men is laid lii new world ground. - '? ' ''* Yeii, ljuiir him ti- tlie sailora grave with every mourning rite, — , -?-' '» ? ?' ' I-Y'i'i.sliert lie yet more bravely than hero in the light !? .' . . J For; when the utmost yet is dune thaVpiibli'cgrief am show, i Not liiilt a\\])\\- Hj,ed the deep rovpcot that in each Jienvt must flow. Ah,' truly by sueh holy dead em'v virgin earth is I blest We piviy our sons may worthy bo one day by him to vest. - i 'Another ltiartye added to the heathort's cruel I score, One who, within tho sailor's heart, Christ'ti heal uig mission bbro.. . ? ? ? A nun of M'hom, nor yet fivm. whom no'cr one unloving word 1 Tlmmghout:lii-- pft're peace-ijteuthing life by human 1 ears was hc.vd. | Not long ho .dwelt among us-; but noble Aaturag spread ] Their mfluonc.e quickly, and on all tlioir lmllowing I, radiance shod. s I Ot tlioio who;loved him, who; can toll.tlio burdon I of thdiv cross ! And those .jvvh^ knew not .still must p ^nouvn tho I countl-y'd'deep-telt loss.' ' ' ^.2. Stephen's death was'my.steriousr* ,'The po]jGs.of« the ChurchOiadibeen Vaised-'to its jKighest'point and fixcd'on^'liim. ' fie- was 'the vciy man for tho work *a nil 'the timus. lie had given them goodground.s to expect great things. He hail* had gruat success, and many had been converted -to tha faith from the very 'ranks - of- the erieray ; and now their hopes are dashed to the' gtbund, and that by biise and wicked men. The enemy; encouraged by success, , dash' on' to to the work of persecution, and tho infant Church is scattered throughout India, &c;, ap,a arc, hounded down, by ,Saiu\ who, breathing out threatening.*' and slaughter, makes havoc of the Church, pursuing men and -timid women' into their''hrimos7 and dragging them to prison and to death. How strange! ,Wlien. most » needed he is Irtiiccu away* The Omnijjotent permits 'tlie puny .for the time' to triuinph!' So inight we say . as 'regards , the late Commodore. How mysterious ! He was specially fitted.' for his work at this critical period of our mission, and the - n-}\v situa tion of the people, 'by -the cession 'of the islands to : the British ,'Ofown/ ' The diffi culties 'that must 'arise, from-' !this liew connection with the , whole Pacific, -«s well as those that already,, exist, are great, by -no means one- sided,' -but . coin plicated '!i.nd strong.^ Thcwhite'inan has'-no ilouht in jured J,hc black; and the black 'man ha$'\us I wickedly injured the, white. , io w4ush,out j slavery' on tlie, one side,' and to reconcile on the other, as well as to administer justi'e'e t-o both, and t'6 establish a peace that 'will lead to prosperity commercially, and to 'the bringing' of the whole Pacific' to Chris Vis a work that could have been greatly aided by- the ? patient plodding 'and' wise tact, as well as the good and noble, nature which Commodore. Goodenough seemed to pos-, Hcssin no 'ordinary degree.' He had raised Our hopes by his manly ftncl honest con duct ;. as weLwere'putting'the - cup to' our lips 'it is dashed from1 us, and we can 'only say, how^myste'rious !, As('beautifully said ' In.Mcihbriain' — ?' , \ ' God of the world, ,Thy -waj's are btrange ! Thou takest thus the man _ Whoso noble lifowOuld seem the most to help in Thy, great plan , _ ,?.,-. Of good 'for all Thine'-emng children — one whoso ' very face' ' ' Sp'oko'of-'sti-dng'Godward'aim,.. with calm soul winning.gi(aco— '' ' ' '' ' ' ' \ Z A 'chief' who hold as holy charge all those beneath his power, ?' ' - ' .?? .'. . ??-. 'Who judged thoirsoufe — not mero' machines — -tfith . ', the immortal dower ?' i - rs ?_? ????- ;? ,' Of choice 'twixt nght and wrong, and led thanfon straight for the right, ',. o--. . ? i ,. ? ..'?'? Sparing not Rolf''.8O lia might guide -by,piirc examplo's-lighti' , ,-j u . .??; .-i' - — . i 3\. But Stephen's death was nobly ,01ms-' tian. vHis'^m^il ''Vvords 'and 'actions, will suffice W ' confirm, this. , , It was , nobly | Christian to be able ,ta; say ' Lord Jesus, receive my spirit,' and. it -was iChrist-like. , /.n lifl.'nlilf'. tnsnv'. imdfii' sunh nii'raunsbLnf'ns. '(Lord.'lay/nof this'i'sin' to theii*' dharge,' and th'e'Vangcl-glory ' sh'ining in hiss, face, witli''tlie /manifestation of .Christ through the opened heavens, was , to him both an assurance of thetpiyine favor, , and a pre paration for his tragic but« glorious 'end. ''But he, being full of the Holy Ghost, looked ups steadfastly in to 'heaven, and saw the glory- of. God; -and Jesus standing on the' right-'han'd of God, and said, Behold, I see*''the 'heavens 'opened, and the Son of man standing on the right hand of God.' J l?ai' be it fi'om iis to over-estimate the piety oft.tho . lamented Commodore, or to force a comparison with tlie noble martyr Stephen,' whose life and dcnth is too sacred for us to trifle1 with. We remember that religion, has all tne variety ot the natural world, and' that pious men may differ in degree1,' evdii' as one star differs from ano ther ,star ingloi'y. That sonlp Christians are! more. noble in life and death than others cannot be denied ; but we only wish to say,' that there is a similarity, and that his1 death, like Stephen's, was nobly Chris tian. ,'He .seeks rio revenge, although within his power, iand punishment justly deserved ; but'compassionately directs that I'. blank cartridges'' only were to be fired to vscjirc, the natiyes, so that no life must be jta-k'en,-).' He , patiently and with manly courage bears-his sufferings, and is sorry to give trouble to his kind-hearted officer's 'who wait sp Carefully' dn'him ; and l egrets that' ho liiis1 not strength to praise God Sufficiently for 'fill '-His mercies He will endure the pain of being carried on deck to gratify 'his vmeii; and to satisfy hisiaffec-' tioit,,by giving 'them his parting ? advice, and 'thus-/ yhile scattering seeds' of kind tnes^',',ancl in' a calm nitinly tone .fending his last words.of. affection to. his - loved ones/ ilife'ebbs out; and he '? falls asleep -inJesUs/f and has gone'- to, his reward! Someone will yet, tell us linoic of , liis. Christian 'nobleness iii- life ,juh1 death. ' We- must- wait for the fruit of this nobie-'life'1 afn'd mysterious- deitth.-t God will yet break through the cloud of, ttarkrtess, and. shine upon the mysteries 'of Hitf providence', and bring some great good, out of this-sad evil. As well said ' In Mcinoimm1'— ? ' And yet,-' oh 'Lord; Tljcru liiiik'oKt barcilfo pfded ' wliioh noiiu ami fill ' ? '' But leavost'thuso for, lorigthenod years -wiio,- more ; thun useless, still ' . ' ' Hli'ht by their evil contact ! ' Ko, wotcunnot sfce' ° the 'Why, ' ' ? ' ?'' »' The Wherefore of «Thy work, Earth's shadows , dim our mortal oye ; ' We cm but trust the all-wis-e Father, and o^cn by Umt vory dohCh i Of ii(5,ie.' ami lovo— when, Chribtlikc to the end, ? with ebbing Ixtoath, I Ho all fnvgave Ina foes— porchanco somo wakened hoiiiia were blest, pVJioni I heir loved Oouuuodoro shall Wa'tch with i I joy fi-om hisfaf llesl.' ' We close with a reflection or two': — j What a change has 'come over the world j since tho death of Stephen. We are not of f those who sny', ' The1 former days were 'i better' than now.' How widespread is the ^liberty of conscience 'to worshin God how iiarid where we please, artd \vi-Icr still is i'the world's panting after liberty. Liglit [has coine into the1 world\ and if .son\e ld\'e 'darkness rather than light, that will not IpravcnVth'e liglil' from shilling A«A tHfikirtg (manifest the good andtli'c«%\il.,'-Meil begin to fool tl».et they,aro btethreiij persecution is' bavbAVnns' n.nrl 'slAAu-nW i« s'oIi-hiia t.iini! I;q\v 'are sb'slianieless '^s to 'oppo'sc, or so diabolical as to practice. Noblemen, as well as noble actions; are now on the Side bf Christ, and never was. there ah age when 'Christ was so' deeply studied, eo \v4dely taugh't, or .so purely loved. You youngJ 'men. cove.t a noble life ; let us all covet it, and rcmombcr that to be noble we H\ual be good, and to be good we must he ChrJsl 5ikc. TliC time is almost passed for the scoffer to be called noble, for they are. seldom good. It is generally men of 'jittle minds' or bad hearts that laugh at religion, and say it is only fit for children, the sick, f he aged, or the dying, but unfit for the man ! But if it is manly to be grateful for obligations, to be honest, truthful, andjust, and to love tne pure and good-, tnen to lie religious ls to be manly, and to be manly is, to lie reli gious. JVas_ the good Commodore less bravo because he could Say, ' I wish to tell you to love God ; God has been so good to me, and I love Him V He has gone to 'his reward. ' Blessed'urc the' dead which die in the Lord, for they )vpst from their labours, and their works do follow them.' As we inedi' tate oil 'the martyr Stephen,, and the Stepheii'like Commodore, and as we follow them- by the eye of faith, and see ' them, folded in .(she arms of Jesus, we say, ' Let me 'die the death pf the 'righteous, and lot, !niy last end be like his.' 