TOPICS OF THE DAY. The rumors on 'Change and in political circles to-day are to the effect that Mr Ser vice will to-morrow demolish the twenty per cent. duties now levied on certain articles. We regret to hear that Captain Stubbs, of the Artillery Corps, is confined to his room through a severe injury to his eye. In the Equity Court to-day His Honor Mr. Justice Molesworth heard arguments in the suit of Rutherford v. Rutherford. The object of the suit was to have the estate of Rutherford who died on 3rd December 1860, leaving a will dated 18th January of the same year, ad ministered under the direction of the Court ; to have the shares to which certain parties are entitled declared by the Court; and to have provision mode for the education and maintenance of certain infants. Messrs Holroyd, A'Beckett, M'Kinley, T.P, Webb, De Verdon and Billing appeared for various parties to the suit. In the County Court to-day Patterson v Goold was an action in which a carpenter sued the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Mel- bourne for £14 16s 11d for work and labor done, and materials provided. The plaintiff was a tenant of the defendant's in a house in Fitzroy, and executed certain repairs to the premises, but as it did not appear that they were authorised by Dr Goold, His Honor Judge Cope gave a verdict for the defendant with £2 2s costs, Mr G. P. Smith appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Kelleher for the defendant. A somewhat narrow escape from a collision occurred a few days ago on the Hobson's Bay Railway. The train from Melbourne to Richmond was signalled to stop, in conse- quence of an express not having arrived from the opposite direction. The train did not stop, but ran to the station, thereby incur- ring considerable risk. Fortunately there was no accident. The engine driver and guard sent in reports stating that they were unable to stop, through a defect in the breaks, but this excuse was not received by the company, which dismissed both officers. Bartholemew Ryan and Mary Young, a disreputable looking pair, were fined 20s each, with the alternative of seven days' imprisonment, at the Emerald Hill Court to day, for using obscene language. A child named Henry Wedling, aged 10 years, living at Epping, who was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital on the 9th instant, suffering from injury to the head caused by some fire-wood falling upon him, died in the institution this morning, A man named Christopher Cullen, who was received into the same hospital on the 11th instant, having been found by the police in a dying state in a hut at the Caledonia diggings expired in the institution yesterday. Inquests will be held in each case. The Rev T. C. Cole, M,A., has been nominated for the vacancy in the council of the University caused by the death of the Rev. I. Hethrington. At the Hotham Revision Court, held at the Town Hall to-day, a person named Alexander, who appeared for several persons objecting to certain names on the ratepayers' roll, made his usual declaration of service of notice in the case of a Mr James Ford. The declaration set forth thnt Ford was not in occupation of the property on the 10th of June, whioh entitled him to his vote. The name was in due course struck out, but at this stage of proceedings Mr Cooke, one of the Councillors present, asked Alexander if he knew this Mr Ford, and it he was the person in occupation of the house in question. To this he said he relied on information from others. The Town Clerk turned up the list, when it was found that another name appeared there as occupier, and that Mr James Ford, whose number was described in the declaration, occupied and paid rate for another place altogether. The Mayor deprecated the conduct of Alexander for the manner in which he attempted to mislead the Court. Mr Ford's name was re-instated on the roll. Further on, Alexander objected to another name, and tendered his declaration of having served the usual notice, but when the roll was again re ferred to no such name wan found thereon. The mayor again spoke of the conduct of Alexander, and the careless manner in which he had made declarations in the matter. He so pointed out that under the 84th section of the Act the court had power to inflict a fine of £5 on Alexander if it thought fit. The court decided to have Alexander sworn in all other cases in which he appeared to object. His Honor Mr Justice Stephen sat in chambers to-day to hear an application for alimony pendente lite in the devorce suit Whidborne v. Whidborne. Mr. Gillow, solicitor, who appeared for one of the parties was about conduct his own case, when Mr. Dwyer, barrister, who appeared on the other side, strongly objected to Mr Gillow being heard, he not being a barrister, and the judge's cham- ber being pro tempore constituted an open Court. His Honor decided not to hear Mr Gillow, and the matter was adjourned till later in the day, in order, amongst other reasons, that the services of counsel might be retained by Mr Gillow. A public meeting of miners, ratepayers, and others, was held last evening at the Rainbow Hotel, Grant street (writes the Ballarnt Courier) to consider what steps should be taken towards opening up the leases for the miners in this district. The following resolutions were carried : — " That this meeting views with utter indignation the manner in which the losses of this district are held, and strongly urges the Government to insist on all the labor cove nants being fulfilled forthwith, or otherwise declare the ground abandoned and open to the digger on the production of his miner's right." ''That a committee be appointed by the present meeting to convene a monster meeting of tributers, miners, ratepayers, and others, to take into consideration the present leasing system and " to put a stop to the present system of monopoly and extortion, and to insist upon a due fulfillment of all the labour clauses, or the leases to be for- feited." Instances were given of claims of 200 or 300 acres only employing twenty or thirty men, and of auriferous land being locked up in other ways, and great indigna tion was expressed by those present. Mining accidents appear to be of great frequency. According to the half yearly report of the Stawell Miners' Accident Society, no fewer than forty-four persons suffering from wounds sustained through accidents in mines were relieved. Unless we should get another unusually protracted succession of wet weeks, like the one experienced lately, there is every reason (says the Pleasant Creek Chronicle) to believe that the earthworks will be ready in time for opening the line in February next. It is utterly wrong and indefensible that the station buildings should not be completed simultaneously with the line ; but as all other places, such as Ararat, Maryborough, Creswick, and others have had to put up with unfinished stations, we suppose Stawell will have to suffer the same inconvenience. People will growl, but the railway depart- ment has completely established a recognised right to do wrong, and the public would be astonished to see things conducted properly by Mr Gillies and his officials, whilst no one shows any surprise at finding railway matters managed in every way except a sensible one. A very sad and dangerous accident occurred yesterday afternoon, (says the Avoca Mail) to the eldest son of Mr R C. Bryant, sta tioner. The youth, about fourteen years of ago, it appears, was playing about the machinery, in the second storey of the flour mill belonging to the Messrs Green. Reach ing out his hand for a handfull of wheat, the leg part of his trousers became entangled in the machinery, which was revolving at a rapid rate. The result was that the boy was whirled round with the spindle, and his life was only saved by the rending of his clothes, when he fell to the ground very seriously torn by the machinery. The boy, we learn, is progressing favourably under the care of Dr M'Mahon. At the time the accident happened no one but the boy was near the spot. The Gippsland Standard of Saturday says : — A case of broaching cargo entrusted to one of our well-known district carriers was brought before the police magistrate at Palmerston on Monday last, when a teamster named Willis was charged by Constable Westcott with larceny as a bailee. It appears that Mr F. C. Shaw, the local agent of the Gippsland Steam Navigation Company, gave Willis about half a ton of loading to make up the required compliment of freight before starting for Sale a few days since, such loading consisting of port, sherry, brandy, &c.; On Friday last Mr Shaw received intimation that the dray had come to a dead halt at the Four Mile Creek, midway between Port Albert and Sale; that the carrier had been camped there for some days; and that the cargo had been broached to no inconsiderable extent so far as the wines and spirits were concerned. The result of inquiries were unmistakeable proof that two cases of brandy, a case of port wine, and seven bottles of sherry had been appro- priated, and the police were communicated with in view of bringing the guilty party to justice. Constable Westcott, who promptly responded to the call, was joined by Con stable Noonan at Tarraville, and a ride of twenty miles brought them alongside the enemy, to the no small surprise of those who had rejoiced with him over the clandestine possession of more than sufficient grog to satisfy the veriest craven. The liberality of the carrier in regard to distribution had not, up to this point, been confined to himself and treating his friends, for he had presented the lady passengers of a passing coach with bottles of sherry, and their male companions with something a little more potent. The two constables remained in ambush for some little time until they detected Willis in the act of carrying away a bottle of sherry, when Constable Westcott suddenly introduced himself and asked him what he had get there and who it belonged to. The answer was both prompt and plain, and conveyed the information that it was a bottle of sherry from Mr So and So's loading, and that he (the carrier) was quite willing to pay for it in the usual way. It appears that it has been usual with one or two carriers thus to borrow portions of their constituents' property, and to make good the deficiency in money or kind when called upon. Willis was sen tenced to three months' imprisonment in the Melbourne Gaol. In a book called " Jerpoint ; and Ungar- nished Story of the Time,', by M. F. Mahoney, and recently published iu London, Swankey, a great African traveller, describes to a famous Scotch professor how for the third time in his life he was swallowed by a crocodile : — "This was how it happened: Fishing on the Twankey-du-do, a storm overtook me. You can imagine in that lati tude half a dozen craters letting go together, sky ablaze, monkeys and meteors blowing about, essenoe of earthquakes, then a dense shower of cocoanuts scattering desolation broadcast. Though not afraid of spoiling my clothes, as I was attired in the simple costume of the country, I took refuge in a boat house belonging to King Funkey Foo just as one of my wrists was slightly damaged by the recoil of a thunderbolt. On entering the boat-house, there I saw my man — I mean the crocodile — drying himself on the rafters, lying with his mouth wide open." "Lying with his mouth open !'' repeated the Professor with emphasis ; " then you must have recognised a man and a brother." Thus does the Stockwhip speak of Italian artistes : — "Madame Adelaide Ristori, one of, if not the greatest tragedienne that ever lived, is to arrive by the next mail steamer from California, and give a season of twenty- four nights at the Victoria Theatre. The circular issued by the elegant agent, Mr Elliot Bushby, is a work in itself. Madame will be supported by nearly thirty of her compatriots. The prices of admission are low considering that those visitors (like all Italian) spend at least two shillings a day in this country, and carry the rest to their own land ; while many of our best actors and actresses have to pinch and starve to make room for them. "Italian tragedy, thou art not wanted here !" We can put up with Adelaide, and give her that welcome which true genius deserves, but we've had a sickenor of the general crowd. The last Italian opera season did for us." Protestants as well as Roman Catholics are beginning to discover that secularism may be carried to a dangerous extreme (says the ' Geelong Advertiser '). At the request of several of the leading Protestant clergymen and laymen, the Mayor has convened a meet- ing to take place at the Town Hall this even ing, to consider the proprioty of memorialis- ing the Minister of Instruction to allow re ligious instructions to be given in State schools at all suitable times outside school hours. We take the following from the New Zealand Times:— "The immigration policy is not an unmixed benefit ; it is frequently followed by results of altogether too fruitful a character. For instance, I am aware of a gentleman in the Pairawapa— (I am particular in giving the name of the district, so that the persons I am writing about may be easy of identification) — who exactly one year ago advertised for the services on his property of ' a man and wife without incumbrance," Suitable parties presented themselves, and the gentleman, overlooking certain evidences on the part of the lady that her husband would not be long without an encumbrance, engaged them. In one month the lady encumbered her husband with twins, and the employer indignantly remonstrated against this, as a breach of agreement and a taking advantage of his kindness, which had conceded one encum- brance. " However, as the offending parties were newly arrived immigrants, the em ployer forgave them, under solemn obligations not to do it again. But I sicken for human trustworthiness when I have to tell how, last week, the lady again produced an em- cumbrance in duplicate, and attributed her misfortune to the climate. The employer is as patriotic a soul as ever breathed, but he says that he cannot afford to have the popu lation increased at his expense in this way, and, further, he says that, though an inti- mate friend of Parson Andrew, he considers the circumstance I have related not fit sub- ject for joking." The Royal Marionettes opened at St. George's Hall last night, and it is only just to record that their performances more than realised the high expectations that had been formed of them. Never before have "puppets" been invested with so much animation. Never before has pantomimic manipulation been more perfect. The curtain rose at 8 o'clock precisely, and from that hour till ten the fun went on without lot or hindrance. First came a Christy Minstrel concert, in which all the accessories were to the fore, " Boaes" and the other "corner" man were so thoroughly in their element that it was occasionally difficult to believe that they were not living entities. Songs, choruses, conundrums, and breakdowns followed each other in rapid succession, and were greeted with strong marks of public favour. The second part of the entertainment was devoted to the feats of Italian Fantoccini, in which the 'Sports d' Ortomatique,' as represented by tumblers, dancers jugglers, ching a-ring- awangtang celestials and educated mules, kept the audience in constant good humour. This part of the business over, there was an interval of three minutes when the curtain rose on the beautiful fairy pantomime of "Little Red Riding Hood." Replete with admirable iconic effects and comic bustle, this part of the programme afforded great delight. The clown is immense, and in comparison with his wonderful performances all other flesh- and-blood Joeys that we have seen, must take a back seat. To use the language of the bill the fun was "fast and furious." The acting of the "old un," the Pantaloon, was also ex- cellent. The enchanted bed and ghost scene gave rise to funny situations that extorted shrieks of laughter from all parts of the house. From first to last it was one of the most splendid bits of nonsense we have witnessed for many a long day. The transformation scenes at the close were of the most gorgeous and dazzling character, and were received with shouts of applause. A long run of success is in store for the Royal Marionettes. Professor Tolmaque, the celebrated magi- cian, opens at the Princess Theatre on Saturday night, the theatre having been tastefully ??decorated for his reception. Mr Tolmaque bears very high credentials, and has performed before Her Majesty the Queen, other crowned heads, and the nobility. He ranks among the foremost presdigitateurs who have visited these shores, and his busi- ness is quite new, including an expose of the tricks of Foster, Hume, Mrs Guppy, and the Spiritualists. Professor Tolmaque will invite such to come and see him, with the rest of the public. To-night "Faust" is to be produced at the Opera House with a cast which must ensure even a more brilliant success than its previous representation. Signor Coy takes Faust in place of Mr Hallam, and Signor Trapani Bonn takes Valentine, but otherwise the cast is unchanged. To-morrow evening Mr H. Hallam takes his benefit, and on Friday evening there is to be a great perfor- mance of Lucrezia Borgia, in which Signori Rosanati and Susini, and Misses Alice May and Maggie Liddle take part. We have been requested to draw attention to a number of prizes on view in the window of Messrs Buckley and Nunn, which are to be awarded at the forthcoming show of the Victorian Canary and Pigeon Society. 