VICTORIA COURSING CLUB. DERBY AND OAKS STAKES. BY "NIMROD.' .third Day—April 23rd. lie special train -which conveyed sports men to Digger's Rest this morning was iairly patronised, and nothing could ex ceed the loveliness of the weather. The ground also was in splendid order for run ning, and, hares being found in tolerable abundance, a veiy pleasant day was passed by all lovers of the sport. The first pair of dogs put in the slips was our Geelong representative, Sea Breeze, and Mr D. G. Clarke's Telegraph, a son of Pilot. Derby—2nd Ties. To a long slip Sea Breeze by favor got first turn ; Telegraph showed a lot of 5P°ed, but he neter had a show with Mr Hopkins's dog, who killed magnificently and won. Merry Monarch got unsighted but when they got together Gander ap peared to have the hare all to himself in a good working trial when they disappeared from view. Gander won. To a beautiful slip Doctor and Loup Garou went up to the hare as if coupled; the former, I thought, had the turn, but while in view the Doctor had all the best of a well run ■ course and won, but when the jud^e re turned he informed me that he only won by four points, which was no disgrace to the son of old Pilot. Rantin Robin ran a bye to a hare—run about three miles by a I policeman and a madman—wliieh the dogs of course ran into almost at once, and kdled—a very lucky bye forMrRocke's son of Margery Daw. This finished the second ties for the Derby, and Jessica and Ladybird was handed over to Banner for the second ties of the Oaks. Ladybird led Jessica ten lengths for first turn, but the hare got into cover before any work was done. Ladybird appeared, however, to have the foot of Jessica, and won a very unsatisfactory course from Mr Woodhouse. A enus led Gipsey one length for first turn, the latter ran into her hare and killed which brought off the hat. Next time \enus led and turned and served the gipsey, who appeared to nie to suffer a I go-bye and turned, botlx dogs got un sighted, eventually Gipsey got away and had a long course single handed. No course. Bessy Venus ultimately won all one way. Day Dawn ran a bye, Miss a*son drawn from an injury received on the previous day. They were let to a hare hut had to go to slips again as I the hare got unsighted too soon, Day Dawn killed next time very smartly and looked all over a winner. Barratta I led Maggie Moore and in a brilliantly run course scarcely ever let her companion score a single point. Derby Stakes—3rd Ties. Sea Breeze led up from slips, Gander went up but unsigliting for a moment lost a lot of ground ; Sea Breeze turned and handled his game in such brilliant style as to elicit from the crowd shouts of ap plause. Gander hung fire and had not the ghost of a chancejwith this grand son of old Sea Swell, who brought his hare round several times through the spec tators, and killed, winning one of the frnest run courses of the meet. Bantin Robin and Doctor went up to puss to gether, but the Doctor could not line with lus speedy opponent, who won a well run course hands down. Oaks Stakes'—3rd Ties. A splendid champagne luncheon was | partaken, provided by Mr Clarke, after which Bessy Venus led up to her hare, showing great pace, and served Ladybird who made good use of her opportunity and wrenched ; then driving very deter minedly, in trying to kill, fell. The half sister to Mr Nugent's Geordie again got in, and never left the scut of the hare -until it escaped in long grass, aud won. Sir Lempriere's hitch ran a very deter mined greyhound, and, had she not fallen, probably would have turned the tables on her companion. Barratti unsighted, but when they got together Day Dawn got a couple of meritorious points ; several ex changes followed, when Barratti took up Die running, and I thought she worked ' her hare closer than anything I saw in the ' stake._ She reminded me of the brilliant ! form in which her illustrious dam, Miss I Heller, ran when she won the Waterloo Cup of 1873. Final Round.—Derby Stakes. Sea Breeze and Rantin'Robin exchanged ! places in a long lead up. The latter got first turn by favor. Several exchanges followed, and when they disappeared from view Sea Breeze had two points the best of it. A long course ensued out of si"ht. On the. judge returning the flag went up for Sir Hopkins' nomination, and the first Australian Derby went to Geelong. The judge informed me he won by six points, and this, it must be remembered, against a dog immensely favoured in comparison to the winner, who had severe courses throughout, Rantin' Robin getting off -ivitli a bye of only 200 yards in length. Final Course.—Oaks Stakes. To a tremendous long slip Venus shot away to the front. Barratti putting on the steam passed her, but by favor Venus got first turn, serving Barratti, who handled her game in splendid style, put ing together 5 points before disappearing from view. Mr Gardiner informed me afterwards that Barratti won very easity, thus scoring another stake for Mr Wat son's kennel. One with the dam of the present winner (Miss Heller), who won the Waterloo Cup of 1873 ; and the inaugural Oaks Stakes of Victoria -with Barratti, a puppy of her first litter, by Mr M'Cul loch's celebrated dog Cumloden. I was exceedingly gratified to see this hitch win the stake, inasmuch as it went Ja long way to confirm the runnin" ;of Miss Heller in the first Waterloo Cup ever run for in this colony, a difference . of opinion from the judge on that occa sion having got abroad tliat she did not -win fairly, hut I am in a position to affirm that no dog ever won a stake more 'truly than that celebrated bitch, who killed every hare she was slipped to but ' one, and singular to state Sea Breeze and • Barratti killed every hare they were slipped at on the present occasion. I must congratulate Mr F. Gardiner on the able maimer in which he got through liis . arduous duties. There is no douhtin my , mind about liis being the right man in the right place, I have never ye had occa sion to dispute any of his decisions, and it : is rather singular that I have been able to tip the -winner of every stake he has .judged up to the present. Sir R. Banner had a very difficult duty to perform, and I _am only surprised that he got through "his work so creditably as he did, but I " would like to see him give liis dog3 shorter slips, especially when he has puppies to deal with. In any case I hope Banner trill take a friendly hint, Mid give less law. I consider the secretary and stew ards conducted the field operations most efficiently. I never saw beating better done on any field in the colony. Of course some mistakes occurred, hut if we look for infallibility we look in vain for that which we 'never can acquire. I shall offer a few remarks oa the naming and other matters connected 'with the Derby and Oaks on a future occasion. Derby Stakes—2nd Ties. Sea Breeze beat Telegraph. Gander beat Merry Monarch. Doctor beat Loup Garou. Rantin Robin ran a bye. Oaks Stakes—2nd Ties. Ladybird beat Jessica. Bessy Venus beat Gipsey. Day Dawn ran a bye, Miss AVatson drawn Barratti beat Maggie Moore. Derby Stakes—3rd-Ties. Sea Breeze beat Gander. Rantin' Robin beat Doctor. Oaks—3rd Ties. Bessy Venus beat Lady Bird. Barratti beat Day Dawn. Derby Final Course. Sir A. Hopkins' f and w d Sea Breeze, Sea Swell—Fly (Wyatt's), September loth, 1S73, beat Mr W. H. Rocke's f d Rantin Robin, Tiger—Margery Daw, July 2Sth 1S73, and won the Derby Stakes (£So.) Oaks.—Finai. Course Mr W. Watson's f b Barratti, Cumlodcn— Miss Heller (winner of Waterloo Cup, 1S73), December Gtli, 1S73, beat Mr W. Marshall's f b Bessy Venus, Springbok—Vcny (dam of Mr Nugent's Geordie), December Stli, 1873, and won the Oaks Stakes (£100). The final course between these two win ners, for a £20 trophy, will take place on the day on which the St. Leger will be decided. 