Te« Kohthebh Terhitoby.— The Chairman ?f tbe Palmerston District Council, Mr. Jodtrai Jones, had an interview with the Hon. E. Ward, ILroster of Agriculture and Education, on Won day, October 25, in reference to Northern Terri tory affairs. Mr. Jones, who stated that he represented the views of a public meeting re cently held at Palmerston, urged that facilities abould be afforded to persons desirous of select ing land, and that a railway should be con structed to tho gold-fields. Cases in which applications for land had been refused were mentioned, and explanations were given. Mr. Ward spoke of the interest the GoTernmant felt in the Territory, and said it was their earnest ' wish to encourag-e its development. He also premised to consider the points brought before him. A report of the interview appears else where. Thb Magbtkbial Episode at Port Wask nsLD. — We recently quoted from the Vorlc's fui'uwila. Advertiser particulars of what ap peared to be a strange official act on the part of Mr. J. B. King, J.P. That gentleman now writes us asking the republicatdon of a letter of ex planation forwarded by him to the journal re feifedio. We willingly comply with the re quillt Mr. King writes :— ' I have had placed before me a paragraph relating to a document affixed in a certain positi in in a public-house at Port Wakefield by me. That I can certify to be false in the first instance. I handed over my Tiewg respecting the affair to a friend, who did -what he liked with it— which was a matter o; no importance to me. In the next plaoe, I am, said to have thrust myself prominently before these sfceepfarmere— which is like the first, falre in every particular. The first m«m said as he passed me, without my knowing what bis case was— 'I got off ; bat I should not had you been on the Bench. You fined Mayfield, and it is very evident that you know nothing whatever about law,' &c.; I was standing before the Bising Sun, when up came another of the trio, and entered into conversation, unsolicited, about Mb neighbour's affair, that his case had been dismissed, and that it was evident that others were better able to administer the law than what I wad ; and the country generally was talking of my ignorance from a former con viction. Human nature is huiran nature, and it might endure to a certain point; but why in doing a public duty I should be subject to such bullying without retaliating is somewhat extra ordinary. This man said he would by having a licence run where he liked in defiance of all law or order of Magistrates or any one else. I replied that such walking pieces of ignorance was into'emble, and that such cases, when and where proved, would be fined by me. But that was nothing in comparison to what followed, for I nerer heard sucli abuse from one man to another in all my colonial experience. I like fun, hyperbole, or burler que, and contribute to it upon every occasion that presents; but this is a public wrong which must be righted for tbe public good, and I mean, in defiance of a debased cliquian and a nest of pollution, to see that justice is done to my fellow-creatures. Magi strates are supposed to stand upon their own dignity, but I am not, and never was, afraid to face an intelligent public, and by their judg ir«nt I stand or fall.— I am, Sir, &c; , J. B. KlSG.J.P.' A Tbass-Atjstbaiian Railway.— The Bris * Iwu Courier considers that the marine survey of Lieutenant O'Connor clearly proves that the hope of finding a good harbour on the Queens land portion of the Gulf of Carpentaria must ba abandoned, and with it the project of con structing a railway to the Gulf. But our con temporary holds that it would be wrong to infer that the idea of 'a grand transcontinental railway, bearing all the passengers and most of the merchandise of Europe and Asia to the cities on the east and south coasts of Australia from a second Singapore on the north' has also to be surrendered. The information supplied by lieutenant O'Connor only showB ' Queensland patriots, who would confine the glory and profits of the scheme within Queensland limits, that they must enlarge their ideas a little, and examine tbe project from a cosmopolitan p-int of view.' In other wcrds, that when the time comes for Queensland to construct the proposed groat railway to the north it must be content to direct it towards one of the known ports— Port Essington, Port Darwin, or the Roper— within the Northern Territory of South Australia. It is, in fact, argued that the failure to discover a port of their own is merely to be regarded as another influence drawing towards federation and making it more desirable. This is a broad liberal way of regarding the position, and there is no doubt that as rinumstances tend to more closely interweave the interests of these growing colonies, it is an aspect that will more and more often present itself to such of our statesmen as are worthy of the name. It is pretty obvious that the*' intercolonial jealousies' of which we frequently hear are mainly the jealousies of clfques of Belf-seeking politicians, who believe, and believe rightly, that they and their petty politics wiQ have to disappear from the scene when the various colonies blend their interests and objects together in a grand expansive federa tion.— Avilratasian. The Thbkatehed Bbbach with Chdta.— By tl e last Torres Straits mail came to hand particulars of the insult offered to Mr. Wade, Her Majesty's Minister at Pekin, The Song Jxmg Courier published the following letter on the subject:— 'Pekin, 7th August, 1875.— On the 3rd instant Mr. Wade, H.B.M. Minister, called upon Li Euncr Chang, accompanied by Mr. Mayers, Chinese Secretary of Legation. The neeting had been arranged the day previous. Mr. Wade, in givin? notice of his intended call, had requested the Viceroy that he should not be detained at the Yamen gate, as is customary in snch cases. On Mr. Wade's arrival at tbe YameD, however, he found tha central gate closed as usual. He waited some time, the morning being very hot, perhaps ten minutes, and finding the gate still unopened gave orders to his chair-coolies to return horse. When he bad reached the bridge of boats over the Grand Canal he was overtaken by a large number of the Viceroy's people, who sur rounded him and stepped his chair, and besrged him to return. He, however, refused to do s--, but sent back his Secretary, Mr. Mayers, with bis compliments, and a varbal message that he had called. In the afternoon of the same day, the Viceroy called upon Mr. Wade at the British ? Consulate, asd was most profuse in his apology, assuring Mr. Wade that it was accidental ami unintentional, and that the officials in charge of the gate had been degraded. What passed between Mr. Wade and the Viceroy is not known, but there is the best reason to believe that Mr. Wade read the Viceroy a lecture en this general subject not likely soon to be for gotten. A repetition of this experience fa one of the most unlikely events imaginable.' The Straits Times on September 18 thus summarizes the situation of affairs : — ' An ultimatum was retl'y handed to Li Hung Chang, the Viceroy of Chihli, for trans mission to Pekin by Mr. Mayers. Secretary of Legation, on the 3rd or 4th of Angnst. and Mr. Mayers proceeded to Pekin on the 10th. Mr. Wade was to follow, and if tbe ultimatum was not accepted within twenty-four tours of his arrival, be had positive orders to haul down his fla? and leave. Great Ee*recy is maintained in reference to the ultimatum, but there i3 a genera guess that its main contents are four in number, ~» yjz.t the execution of Mr. Mareary's murderers, /Me degradation of the local officials, compensa (Won to Mr. Margary's family and tbe opeaing of the trade route between India and Yunnan through Burmah. Prince Kune, Wen Siang, and Ii Hung Chan?, three of tbe mo3t inffoential members of the'Tsungli Yamen or Pekin Foreign Office, are said to be in favour of peace with England and the granting of all her demands. Li Hang Chan?, the brother of Li Hun? Chans, who was appointed Imperial Commissioner to enquire into tbe circumstances of Mr. Margary'a murder, has at last started for Yunnan to fulfil hif mission. Great doubts, however, are ex pressed whether the two British Secretaries of Legation who are to follow him on the same ffiisaon will not find on their arrival that Li Hang Chan? has been successful in concealing all traces of the crime, and will try to convince \- them that nobody did it, and that there is nobody to blame. Admiral Ryder and his neat Lave proceeded northward from Shanghai, and here seems to^be a general trending of foreign den of war ia the China Sea3 in the same irection.' PmLOSOPHKTAL ccoety.— At the 22nd annual -etfegof this Society, to be held at the Insti ?« this evening, Mr. G. H. Cossins will read a « on JThe assimilation of nitrogen bj V' South Bbbish Fob aijd Mawhb Insurance Compabt.— This New Zealand Company, of which Mr. L. A. Jessop is the Adelaide agent, has issued its sixth half-yearly report, from whichwe note that a large increase has taken place in tha operations of the Association. The total premiums amounted to £50 409, being £12,000 more tban in the correapondirg period of last year. The losses, paid and outstanding, reach £26,432. The balance to tha credit of prtfit and less, inclusive of £12,162 brought for ward from last half-year, after paying the divi dend, is £22,884. Of this the Directors have carried £12,500 to capita] account, making the paid-up capital £62,500, on which they propose paying a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, per annum. The amount of funds iuvas'ei is £S7,526. German Immigration— The following is a portion of a telegram from the Emigration Agent, London, to the Commissioner of Crown Lands and Immigration, dated October, 20 and received October 23 :— ' Have concluded nego tiations with Messrs. Godeffroy & Co. to dia patch a vessel direct from Hamburg to Port Adelaide with emigrants between April and June next. Invite German colonists to nominate t.eir friends' Too Shabf. — Says 'J-y es' inthe Australasian: —' Upon a Biverina ruu there is now engaged, in the peaceful occupation of sheep-tending, a black boy who was formerly in the Queensland native police. It is told of Billy-go-nimble, and he doesn't deny it, that his professional services were once called into requisition in the North to track some of his uncivilized fellow-countrymen who had been stealing cattle. Overtaking one of the presumed depredators, Billy drew a bead on him, and, after putting a regulation bullet neatly through bis skull, suddenly resollected his official instruction, and exclaimed, ' Hi ! 'most forget to tell him altogether— three times in the Queen's name— Stand.' ' An Austbalias Quabtebly Periodical.— 'Another effort is to be made to establish a quarterly review in Victoria,' says the Age. 14 We have to hand the prospectus of the Jfel bourne RtxUra, to be devoted to social, philo sophical, speculative, and general literary sub ject?. It is intended that the review shall not be the organ of any religious sect or political party, but shall, within necessary limits, be freely open to contributions from representatives of all shades of opinion. It is contemplated to commence publication in a quarterly form on the 1st of January, 1876, and the magazine m}\ be uniform In size with the Fortnightly Revmc.' Irox Manufacture in Victoria.— 'The Lai Lai Iron Works,' says the Ballarat Post of October 20, 'may now be looked upon a3 an accomplished fact, and before long we may reasonably expect that our foundries and other establishments will be supplied with iron of local manufacture. The first pig iron from the Company's blast was on view to-day at the office in Lydiard-street, and judging by the appear ance of the metal we should say it will be found equal to any iron. The sample was some taken frcm the blast last night, and is the tot iron from a furnace constructed for the purpose ever made in Victoria,' Thb Fibb on Board thb St. Osyth.— Re- ferring to an item of news brought to South Australia by the ship Glen Osmond, the Argus observes :— ' It would appear that the telegram from Adelaide relative to the breaking out of a fire in the coal-bunkers of the s.s. St. Osyth describes an incident which happened on her last voyage to this pork, but which was not re ported on the arrival of the vessel at Melbourne. Supposing the fire to have occurred on the homeward voyage of the St. Osyth, it seems scarcely possible that the captain of the Glen Oemond could have brought the information to Adelaide in time, and the appearanoa of the following report in an English paper of recant date shows pretty clearly that it was on the out ward and not the homeward passage that the unpleasant incident was experienced :— ? The 8t. Osyth, as., from London for Melbourne, with passengers, had a narrow escape of destruction by fire on the passage. On the morning of May 31, five days after crossing the Equator, it was found that a fire was raging in the coal bunker B, After great exertions the tire was extinguished by noon, and the St. Osjth pro ceeded on her course, arriving at Melbourne on June 27.' ' Fatal Casb of Snakebite in Victoria.— The Courier reports that a fatal case of snake bite occurred at Lai Lai. A youpg married weman named Trernewan, residing in the bush about two miles below the Lai Lai Station, stooped to pick scmethiDg off the floor of her cottage when she was bitten by a reptile on one of her fingers. The bite showed four venomous junctures on the finger tip, done apparently by a make through a joint In the flooring. The unfortunate woman, whose husband was away from home, sent for her father, who quickly arriving cut the tip of the finger off with a razor and sucked the wound. By the help of others he kept his daughter awake all day and all night, but on Sunday morning a change for the worse suddenly took place, and she died exactly at tht time that ehe had been bitten on the previous day. During the twenty-four hours intervening she was in little or no pain, and her friends thought she was recovering until half an hour before death. Snakes are very numerous in the locality, and particularly venomous at thi3 season. Attacked by an Eaglehawk. — An affair illu&trative; of female pluck on the one Bide and tbe audacity of an eadehawk on the other hap pened at Bochara the other day (writes the Hamilton Spectator ). As Miss Margaret McKenzfo, aged 14, was riding In the bush to fetch the ' Lye hame,' a large eaglehawk swept down upon her, burying his talons in the ciown of her hat and in the capillary appendage which protected the back of her neck. The shock was so violent that th« girl was thrown off her horse, but with great presence of mind she struck the eaglehawk over the head_ with her riding whip before the bird could disentangle itself. Following up her advantage Miss McKenzie managed to kill her antagonist and brought it home in triumph. This is by no means the first Instance of an eaglehawk attack in? a human being, aa our readers will remember that about a year azo one of these birds disputed with Mr. Horwitz, jun., the possession of a hare, snd paid the penalty of his rashness by being captured alive. Land Alienated on Yorke's Peninsula.— The following infoToation was laid before Par liament en the motion of Mr. Ross, who moved for a return showinc— 1. The quantity of land alienated in she Hundreds of Di'rymple (In cluding Ptnton Vale Area), Ramsay, and Min lacowie, Yorke's Peninsula, 2. The amount already received by and new remaining due to the Treaurer on account of such land. 3. The amount spent on roads or other public works in tha said hundreds:— ' 1. Quantity of land alif nated and purchase-money agreed to ba paid —83,346 acres, £140,323 2s. 2. Amount already received— Completion of purchase, £227 10*.; first and second instalments of interest, £15,572 14s.; total, £15,800 4i. Amount still remainiocr due— Purchase-money, £137,S59 17?.; second irstalment of interest, £12,268 10s.; total, £150,128 7s. 3. Nothing has been expended en reads or other public works in the hundreds named.' Eminent Jews.— A writer in the British, and Foreign Evangelical Rcciew pofats out that the Jews in modern times have acquired an infl '.ec tial place in European politics. The Premier of Fnglacd is a Jew. In France the late Minister of Public Worship and Education, Jule3 Simon, and the ex-Dictator, Gambetta, are Jews. Tha most powerful statesman in the new German Empire nest to Prince Bismarck is Lasker, the Jew, the leader of the National-Liberal party in the Imperial Diet. In the little Hanseatic Republic of Hamburg more than two-thir-i3 of the members of the House of Representatives are Jews. Press Work in Peru.— It is consolatory to knoWj eays a contemporary, that the free ex pression of opinion both in England and the colonies rarely subjects a writer to insult and outrage. In Peru, however, it ia different. There, those whose business it is to enforce law and order are the first to set at defiance every provision for the safety of the public. Here is a case in point : — CastTo Ramos, a newspaper editor at Iquique, famed for its guano de posits, ha3 been severely beaten by a police inspector and two constables, and an attempt was made to make him swallow his newspaper containing obnoxious articles against the police. The inspector afterwards shot the editor in the stomach. At last accounts Ramos was not ex pected to live, and the inspector was in custody UKITBD TEMFEBASCtf OUDKB.— A n)6ating of the Executive of the Provisional Council oi this Order wts held in the Temperance Leagua Rcoms, Himlley- frtreet, on Thursday, t'.io 21st October. The following letter was read by tho Secretary, Mr. B. H. Laker:— 'United Toca peracce Order, Liverpool, August 10, 1875. Dear fcir and Brother— I am very much plei^i ?with jour letter, ar.»} I am Euro its contents will afford much aatihfaction to all our friends. Ai we consider jou in the position of an indepsn dent Eatiotality, jour Provisional Council hai full powers to grant and issue is own Grand Ledge charters. I shall be glad to tupply you with all material at reasonable charges uutil you are in a po: ition to do your own printing, kc I &m; glad to know tbat Brother Hodges has fulfi'led the expectations we formed or him, and that jou are so highly pleased with hid efforts in establiihing tbe Order amongat you. I shall seed you some of our literature and some stock for spreading the Order. I will read your letter at the meeting of the National Lodge, which takeB place September 16, and write you again. I have to institute three Grani Lodges in Scotland next week. Meanwhile I am, kc, Ronald McDocgall.' It was resolved that the National Lodge be instituted in the early part of December. Sutday- Scbool Teachebb' Ubiox. — The annual meetings of tbe South Australian Sutday- PcLool Teacher's Union are to bo held in the Pirie^treet Lecture Hall this evening. At tho public meeting addresses are to be givan by the Rev. J. Y. Simpson and Messrs. J. F. Leugbtcn and A. B. Moncrieff. Mr. D. Murray is to preside. Quick Work.— Ab a proof of what c*n be done in the way of economizing labour and time in prepariDg wool for market by the introduo* tion of the best appliances the G along Advertiser states ' that with the assistance of an improved wool-press a young lad is able to pack, press, and sew up a bale of wool ready for consign ment to the wool store in 22 minutes.' The Member who Never Speaks.— In the World lately appeared the following amusing description of a legislator who would be a phen omenon in an Australian Parliament. Whfldt the Bouse was in committee on the Judicature Bill, Mr. Ormsby-Gore lentered at his usual hour 10 o'clock, dinner being so far digested that a §entle walk across the lobby and down tho oor of the House would not be harmful. There was not present a single layman but himself ; and he walked the dreary deck whence all but he had fled, a sort of Parliamentary Cassabianca — which I beg my friend Sir Walter Bartrelot, who \ sits by him, will explain to him is not the name of a new sauce. When he reached his seat be hind the Trea&ury; bench, he put up his ey«glasa and slowly surveyed the scene with the tnntellige expression whic always plunges the Other One into one uneasy moods, and plagues him with a deeire to journey to North Shropshire and see the race of men of whom this ia tho picked representative. Then, barricading himself be hind his shirt front, which ro6e above his ehin, the hon. member resolved himself to sleep, per chance. But it was only a light doze such as sometimes overtaken the butterfly in the bosom j of the rose, and ever and anon he awoke, aud over the barricade, which was gradually rising to the level of bis eyes, curioosly regarded the : committee. Happy North Shropshire, ! For fifteen years Mr. Ormsby-Gore has come down for you to questions ; for fiftteen years he has, as I have touched the hour of seven, gone to dress for dinBer for you ; for fifteen years he has carefully dined for you ; for fifteen years he has for you come back regularly at 10 o'clock ; for fifteen years he has voted for you exactly as the 'party' voted ; for fifteen years he hi, from half-past ten till midnight or later, slept for you the Bleep of ttejwell-dined man secure in the piotection of the barricade ; and for fifteen years his carriage has rolled up for you, and for him, and taken him off to bed, where he has dreamed ! for you that the agricultural labourer has got into Mr. Gladstone's clothes.and has whisked away from under his very nose a liver-wing he was just about to stick his fork into, the plates being \ laid out in that odd way in which affairs arrange i themselves in dreams, on ths table of the House of Commons. Onoe it was rumoured ? that Mr. Disraeli was about to make this ! self-denying senator a peer. Bat it came to ! nothing, and hero he is to-night dozing and | snorting and staring around at the Committee. ' Mr. Oamaby-Gore never speaks.' j CHEfESi CCBT0U3.— Mr. James McHenley, ! Anglo-Chinese linguist, writing to the Coohovm j Courier, gives the following reasons for thereluo- i tanoe of the Chinese to bury the dead bodies of j their countrymen:— 'According to the laws of ; China, when a man dies in the house of a [ stranger the proprietor is held responsible for his j death, and if he ha3 wealth in his posses- ; sion finds himself mulcted in a considerable j sum of money, to be paid over to the relatives ; of the deceased for the loss they are sup- ! posed to have sustained through the death of j their relative. No doubt the legislator , who framed this law thought that he was creating a safeguard for the lives of men. But it has had an opposite effect When a man dies undor the care of '. his relatives there is no notice taken thereof; , but mark the opposite effects. When a man becomes sick among strangers, he is taken out and left to die on the highway, which . being the property of the Government, compro- ', mines nobody. The law as it stands and is acted , on has stifled every feeling of humanity— In- i credible to those unacquainted with the laws of i China. But the evils do not stop here. When ' a man dies tbe house by such becomes polluted, ' and to cleanse it from such is a piece of costly ' work. The ghost and devils are expelled hy a ', priest, who does the work by sprinkling the j house with holy water and burning incense, at ! the same time running through the house vocife- J rating, with a naked sword In one hand which he . strikes the invisible devils with, and a rope in , the other hand to bind them, and finally winds up the performance by plastering on the walls some ohkrms written in enigmatical characters , to keep the devils from entering tho house and , doing the inmates harm, who could not other- : wise have rested contented therein until assured t that the devils were kept out by these infallible ; preventives.' j Improving thb City.— We notice that the j gum-trees which bordered the pavement in front i of the Government Offices in King William- j street have been cut down. This ia a decided ? improvement, as it allows the official buildings | to be seen to advantage and affords an uninter- j rupted view of the most imposing architectural : portion of the town. ' j A Novel ^Orchestral Aerangrmwi. — A | series of brilliant instrumental rehearsals com- i menced on Monday in Wagner'* new Opera ' House at Beyreuth. Wagner and Liszt, with a i large number of musical admirers, were present, ' and it may be said that the music of the future ! is receiving as good an interpretation at the j hands of the Wagner orchestra as it is possible i for it to have. One novel feature in the ar- ? rangenient of the building is that the orchestra is concealed from the audience, in accordance with Wagner's viewp. The idea is that in ' regard to instrumentation all that we want is ! the sound, and not the machinery by which the ! sound is produced, and as the movements of . the performers are, in a measure, an eyesore, I and detract from the appreciation on the ! part of the audience, nothing is to be ! gained by their beirg in sight. On the con- j trary, it is argued, everything is to be gained by j tbe conductor and hie corps being invisible. ; How this arrangement would suit for acoustic I purposes we cannot Bay, but should the experi- j ment at Beyreuth prove successful it may be i imitated elsewhere. Certainly there is nothing j in the musio of 'Rheisgold,' *? Tannhauser,' - or any ether of Wagner's compositions which seems specially adapted for instrumentation under these altered conditions, nor are the gesticulations of the conductor of a Wagner ? band, or those of a Wagner band itself, more ' calculated to excite incongruous feelings than i the movements witnessed among the executants '; in any English concert room or theatre. No J doubt the result of the experiment will be ; watched with great interest in the musical : world.— Wuiard Mail (Cardiff), August 5, ! 1875\. i The Victqrian Railway Department.— It is ! stated by the Melbourne papers that the new j applications for employment in the Railway I Department average about 47 per day. The | absurdity of these applications may be easily shown from the fact that applications are dealt with according to their priority, and there are already 5,700 names on the books of the depart ment for various positions. ' Tee Respective- 'Merits of Chloroform and Visic Eibeb.— Mr.' J. Daviea lhomaa, U.D. Lont?., F.R.C.8. Ing., Surgeon to the Adelaide Hospital, has just republished in a pii&phlot; iurm the address delivered by him on tbe ubovo inlyect before the Medical Society of Victoria, -wlich originally appeared in the columns cf the Austi-alian Medical Journal. The subject is one which has been exciting much attention in the medisal world at home, and it is interesting to learn the opinion of so high an authority as Dr. Thomas, who, from having held tho tfhee of Senior Resident Medical Officer and C'bloroformtst at University College Hoa jituJ, must have had great experience iu the administration of anesthetics. The author enters into minute details as to the action of chloroform and ether; he uses the prefix ' vinic' to distinguish the subatanc« from chloric and methylene ether upon the human system, and describes the causes which produce death in the evtnt of an owdewe of eithor drug. It appears that both occasion death by bringing on apecca, that is, a general paralysis ef the respiratory and circulatory organs. But the action of ether is alow and certain, that of chloroform rapid and uncertain. Hence in using thejfirst, as Dr. Thomas clearly points out, fatal reEults may often be obviated by having recourse to proper remedies tha instant unfavourable symptomsEhow themselves; whereas with the latter, apart from the rnk of apnoe i, the much greater dangor has to be guardtd against of sudden and fatal sjLCOps, whi^h may oucur without warning and from no apparent cause, and against which all remedies may ba fruitless. Dr. Thomas examines very fully and impartially the evidence which has been adduced in favour of the employment of chloroform in preference to ether, and states the causes which have led bim to adopt the latter. He points out that the percentage of deaths from chloroform are more than nin« times greater than from ether, which aloneisastrong argument against its uso. Likewise it appears that the much greater length of time which the insensibility produced by ethor laste Lhan that caused by chloroform is an important coLfcideratiun in many operations. Altogether the pamphlet is an interesting and important Dne, and Dr. Thomas is to be congratulated on having made a valuable addition to medical literature. Postal Cards.— The ^number of postal cards [trued from the Postal Department in Sydney up to O.tober 15 amounted to 72,000, and the de mand is said to be steadily increasing. Pichic— The United Cabmen will hold their annual picnic to-day at Netherby Park. Immigration to England from America. — In an English paper appears the subjoined state ment of the number of immigrants who arrived lb Liverpool from Canada axd the United States during the year 1874 : — January, 2,660 ; February, 1,789 ; March, 2,683 ; April 3,057 ; May. 6,471 ; June, 7,293 ; July, 11,867 ; August, 10,783: September, 8,706; Ootober, 9,634; November, 5,4S8 ; December, 6,715. Total, 1874-1873, 78,146, 38,000-40,146 excess 1874 over 1873. Of those from the Dominion of Canada 95 per cent, had return tickets, and were only visiting England to soe their friends, and intended returning to Canada. [From yesterday's Evening Journal.] Thi Condemned Man Page.— The Bordtr Watch is informed tbat tbe condemned man Page has made a detailed confession of his crime to the Rev. Mr. Caldwell. It was taken down in writing, and duly attested by the prisoner. It has been handed to Mr. Tims, the gaoler, who will give it to the Sheriff. It is not to be made public till after the execution. Page is now quite reconciled to his fate, and says he would rather die 'han live. A report was current on Thursday that he had confessed to several murders, but we believe there ia no warrant for this. Newspaper at Nabbacoortr.— The proprie tors ef the Border Watch have arranged for the establishment of a weekly newspaper at Narra ooorte. Ths Tabarua.— It is announced that the sailing of the Tararua for Melbourne is post pored from Tuesday till Wednesday. Presentation to the Rbv. P. Barb.— A correspondent, writing from Truro on October 25, says :— 'The Rav. ?. Barr, who has laboured at Truro diligently and faithfully for about nine years, leaves ui to-day on his way to visit New Zealand, with the hope that his health may be restored by rest and change. He has suffered for Biany months from a severe cough and debility, but has until now continued to attend to his ministerial duties. He sails in the Tararua to-morrow. In pro3peot of his departure Measra. E. Hague and J. S. Gordon, with the Rev. R. L. Coward, waited upon him at the Manse, on Monday evening, the 18th inat, and on behalf of the Church and congregation at Truro, and of some of Mr. Barr's hearers at the Mount Rufus Chapel, presented him with a purse con tainiBg 51^ sovereigns, as a token of the esteem and affection felt by the people towards their pastor, and their sympathy with him in the circumstances which necessitated hi? temporary absence frcm his charge. The deputation assured Mr. Barr that, although the money had been collested in two days and a half, there was a contribution from almost every family who either regularly or ooca siocally attended his ministrations, and they could testify to the universal goodwill and kindly feeling which prevailed towards him, and had now found practical expression. Mr. Barr, in replying, wished the deputation to return thanks aa far as possible to those who had con tributed, and expressed his gratification at re ceiving such a proof that he had not been mis taken ia believing that he had the confidence and affection of the community amongst whom he laboured. He said that another £5 should be added to the sum then presented, a3 a cheque for that amount has been sent to him direct, instead of through the Committee, by one of his congregation.' The Califobnian Mail Service. — Wo (Sydney Morning Herald) are informed that the sew Califoraian mail service will commence on the 10th November next, on which date the Colona will leave San Francisco for Sydney. The Vasca di Gama was to sail from San Fran cisco for Sydney on the 9th October, caLing at Honolulu and Auckland, and she will leave Sydney with the mafls on the 19th November, via Kandavan, commencing the new service from here. The City of San Francisco will follow the Colona from San Francisco on the 8th December. Mr. H. H. 5all returns as agent for th« contractors in Sydnoy. From the New Zealand Herald of 9th October we learn that on the previous evening the debate upon the San Francisoo mail service was resumed, and (says that journal) the tone of it was in marked contrast to that upon occasions when Sir Julius Vpgel had charge of the matter. The warmth with which the proposal to subsidise the line has heretofore been received ha3 evidently cooled down, for not a speaker appears last night to have defended tbe action of tho ex- Premier and the Agent of the colony, nor indeed to have sup ported the proposal to subsidise the line at all, except on the ground that it would not do te ienore the fact that the coif ny is mixed up with New South Wales in it, and the Government of that colony has agreed to ratify the contract as provisionally made. Mr. Stafford tabled an amendment to the effect that the contract made by Sir Daniel Cooper and Mr. Russell should bo modified, subject to such modifications between the Governments of New Zealand, and New South Wales, and the contractors, whereby the annual cnargo imposed on New Zealand should not exceed £40,000. The whole tone of the debate being evidently adverse to the scheme, as arranged for by the colonial agents, and agreed to by the New South Wales Parliament, Sir Donald McLean Baid that in view of tha impor tance of the amendments proposed, and to avoid any breach of faith with New South Wales, the Government desired time to consider tbe whole question, for which purpose the debate was further adjourned. [It will be seen by our New Zealand telegram that the Govern ment proposals have been carried.— Ed.] AGRICULTURAL NEWS BY THE MAIL. First in importance among the topics dealt with in the agricultural news from England brought by the last mail stands the result of the harvest. It aDrsara that the fears entertained for the crops in July were happily dk3ipated, and a continuance of fine weather during the latter part of August enabled the EngHsh farmers to gamer their wheat in capital con dition. There Was, however, still consi derable grumbling a3 to the quality of tke crop, for although there are some fair sam ples, the average yield iB by no means up to the mark. Similar complaints have also come from France, where of course the recent terrible floods have materially affected the outturn. On the whole, however, the harvest prospects in Europe are improving, and the gloomy forebodings of the farmers ia Belgium, Holland, and Hungary have not been fulfilled, the jield, although short, being in good condition; and prices were conse quently on the decline. The news from America is not favourable, for the yield is considerably below the average, and the crops have been much damaged by floods. Nor is Russia in a better position, the early droughts having inflicted an injury on the crops which the subsequent rains could not counterbalance. This loss of Europe and the States is of course the gain of Australia, and our fanneu are likely o realize if not an unusually high, at any rate a profitable return for whatever surplus they may have to dispose of this year. As an -earnest of what is likely to happen our latest telegrams from England announce a decided rise, and that while the influence of the home harvest upon prices is yet in fall operation. The prospects of the potato crop are bad. In England the heavy and persistent rains have done much damage, and disease has unmistakably Bhown itself. But notwith standing it appears there is likely to be a fair crop, although not quite equal to the require .mrcits of the country. The crops in the south of England are looking belt, but the east and north are suffering terribly from the plague. In Holland and Belgium the pro spects are no better, and the disease has broken out in full vigour. The hop harvest promises well, although there are complaints of mould and thin crop? in some places. Bat on the whole there is no ground for grumbling, the fine sunny weather which came on during August havirg to a great extent repaired top damage done by the summer rains. Picking had begun in several places as early as the 30th of August. ?:'??- Although strikes in the country districts are just now in abeyance, the movements of the agricultural operatives continue to excite attention. The National Labourers1 Union have fallen ont among themselves, and have been abusing one another as roundly as they ever did the landlords. The affair has ended in a split, and a new League, desig nated 'The National Farm - Labourers1 Union'— with head-quarters at Leamington —has bem formed by the malcontents. The objects of this new Society are extensive, the chief being to provide land for the labourers either as owners or tenants. The weekly subscription is twopence, and for this each subscriber receives a penny land ticket ; but he h not confined to this small sum, for he may if he feels so disposed buy such tickets up to the value of Fixpence. As soon as he has accumulated tickets to the amount of one paund he will receive interest if the funds of the Union permit at the rate of 5 per cent. The Committee propose to, purchase land in various places as their means will allow, and also hire it for the purpo3e of reletting it to labourers. Of course, in common with all promoters, they expect handsome surplus profits and a numerous list of subscribers.! The prospectus winds up . with the following glowing sentence : — ' Three years of the Lard Union would fir i every member holding in his own possession twice the value of his subscriptions by receiving 10 per cent, on h\s land Bhiresj while the Union would possess over and above the 1,950 acres which these shares purchased an estate of 560 acres, andit would be placing S.510 acres in the occupation of agricultural labourers.' The scheme, 'ike many another financial enterprise, looks very well upon paper, but the ques tion remains, is it practical, and will ill pay? If it serves no other purpose itij failure, which is certain, may perhaps tr -chi the labourers the uselessness of expecting any amelioration of their condition from fallacious and Utopian schemes of peasant proprietorship. ? The show season has come and gone,1 the Scottish Agricultural Exhibitions having; brought it. to .a successful .conclusion.! Scotland is great in Agricultural Societies, ; there being no less than . thirty -four in the Counties of Aberdeen, Banff, and1 Moray alone. These Associations have' already effected much good, although per*! haps they have hitherto confined their; attention too exclusively to the improve- j ment of live stock, but their efforts are: now being directed in another and not less useful direction. An Association has just been formed in connection with the Koyal Northern Agricultural Society, for the pur pose of conducting agricultural experiments in various districts in Aberdeenshire, and otherwise disseminating an improved know ledge of the science and practice of agricul ture. It is proposed to form three experi mental stations in the county— one on Deeside, one in Buchan, and :one in Garloch —and the experiments are to be continued for at least three years. The expense is to be chiefly borne by the landed proprietors of the district, among whom the Marquis of Huntley, Mr. Gordon, of Cluny, and Mr. Young, of Durris, have promised handsome subscriptions. Another step in advance is the formation of analytical societies for the purpose of testing manures, a number of artificial manures, most of which are worse than useless, having been circu lated among farmei3 throughout the country by unscrupulous agents. The meeting of the Highland Show at Glasgow was by far the most successful which the Society ha3 ever held. Financially the result was quite un precedented, the takings having amounted to the extraordinary sum of £6,228. Some of the prize stock realized large price3. Among the shorthorns Mr. A. H. Browne's twoyear old bull Rosario sold for 400 guineas, and Mr. Bruce, of Burnside, refused 200 guineas 'or his second prize yearling. Of the horces, Mr. David RiddelTs Tims of Day, a five year-old brown, bred by Mr. Craig, Geonach, Ayrshire, which had already gamed a first prize, once more obtained a first place, and was Bold to Mr. Marchant for exportation to Australia for the sum of 1,500 guineas, which is equal to the highest figure ever given for a Clydesdale. Another prize winnor, Mr. Riddell's hand' some three-year-old Royal Prince was also carried off by an Australian bidder at the high figure of 700 guineas, as was a promising dark bay, ?which stood third in the list of two-year-old entire colts, and sold for 400 guineas. The owners of colonial studs are evidently determined not to allow the mother-country to leave them behind in the breading of horseflesh. Many oxcellent sheep and ran-9 were shown, but no remarkably high prices were realized. The Yorkshire Agricultural Society's meeting was also a- ; success, a number of 'cattle celebrities being ] exhibited. The show of Leicester sheep wa» ; also exceedingly good, but the prices realizel \ were only moderate. ! The £400,000 Loan.— In writing upon this subject on Monday we inadvertently' omitted to take notice of the fact that time is usually allowed to tenderers for the payment ; of the purchase- money of the bonds allotted i to them. What the precise period will be ia this case we are unable to ascertain, seeing that the arrangement of the whole of the details for the issue of tho loan hare been entrusted to the Agent- General; but judging from the practice in the past a week atleasb from the receipt of the tender will be granted to pay the balance over and above the five ? i er cent, deposited on application. As) tenders were evidently -received on .Friday, i the 22nd, or Saturday, tjhe 23rd, the money ! v-'U probably not reach Mr. Dutton'a ? hrnds until the close of this month. ? It is likely, therefore, that the accrued jutercst v-?\ amount to £1 6s. 8d. per cent., . mwhioh oasethe price realized will not bo : more than £92 2s. 6d., and the net minimum 1 fixed by the Agent-General will prove to be ' £91 13b. 4d. We refer to these matters fa ! prevent misapprehension as to the actual j issue of the bale, but after making all dednc I tions the transaction must be regarded as a genuine and highly encouraging success. Certainly no other result could have been expected, seeing that our Four per Cent. Bonds already in circulation have Bteadily ; advanced in price until at the departure of last mail they were quoted at from £94^ to £95 per. cent. ?_ National Bank.— We publish in another column the report and balance-sheet of this establishment for the half-year ending with the 30th September, and the business con tinues, as the Directors remark, to exhibit legitimate expansion in each of the principal 1 fields of the Bank's operations. The net; profit, after deducting expenses of manage ment, and making provision for bad and doubtful debts, allowing rebate on bills discounted and interest on deposits* has been £53,271 16s. lOd. The sum of £99 8s. 5d. has been recovered from debts previously written off as bad, so that with the balance of £7,246 ISs. 7d. from hist half the total amount available for distribution is £60,617 18s. lOd. Tha Directors propose to appropriate this in the following manner :— . Dividend of 10 per cent. perannunu637,500 0 O r BonuB of 2 per cent, per annum... 7,500 0 O . Seduction of pren&es; account ... 10,000 00 Balance to next half ? 5,617 18 10 £60,617 18 10 The branches in Western Australia are reported to be in a satisfactory condition, and daring the half-year branches have been opened at Crystal Brook, Mallala, Stansbury, Iruro, and Weaner's Flat in this colony. ' The balance-sheet Bhows that the gross profits I reached the large sum of £91,992 14s. 4d.B : and that the expenses at the Head Office and at 79 branches and agencies amounted to £38,120 7s. 6d. The Reserve Fund still '? stands at a quarter of a million. The depo« sits are set down at £2,544,877 Is. 4d., while i the notes and bills in circulation are £299,513 10b. and £741,588 18s. 7d. respectively. The ! coin, bullion, and cash balances are £907,201 ; 4s. 10d.j the aiuouut invested in Government j debentures is £150,000 ; the bills remitted '; and bullion in transitu, £516,908 14si. 2d. ; ' and the bills receivable and all other ad vances, £3,050,176 7s. The various Bank ! premires are valued at £110,446 17b. 10d., | but their original cost is not given. ACCIDENTS— An old man named Wheatley was found lying insensible in a stable of the Thistle Inn, Waymouth-street, on Saturday, October 23. He was at once conveyed to the Hopital, and found to be suffering from con- vulsions. He is still in a dangerous state.— Oa the same day William Jones, a labourer, was seized with a fit and foil into a creek at Qoldeu j Grove. Be severely bruised bis shouldor, and ; was admitted into the Hospital on Monday. He I fa progressing favourably.— George Downing, a | butcher ic tho employ of Mr. E. M. Bagot, and I working at the boiling- down establishment* Thebartcn, was killing a Bheep on Saturday, when the knife fell from his mouth, cutting his arm rather severely. He was taken to the Hospital on the samo day. Cask (F Dhowmsg at Cla.re.~A little boy named Alfred Rudolph Gabriel fell into a well in i his mctber'a garden at Claro on Sunday, i October^. The well, haviDg about 30 feet o£ water in it, was covered o?er with some pieces o£ iron, ijut one of them must have tipped up and let tho Uttle fellow through. It was nearly an hour before the body was recovored. Dr. Bain | was in attendance, but all attempts to restore anicaaaoE were unavailing. Mr. W. L. Beare,. J.P.,tfrtified that an inquest was unnecessary. Thi Political Crisis.— In addition to those ? previiwriy mentioned, meetings have been ar I ranged to be held during the week at Kapunda j and is/ the District of Alma to consider tho j Ministerial policy. { WiiUBD's WanDKBIKOS.— The polyphonic I enteitunment at White's Room was repeated to | a mocerate audience on Monday evening, Octo I ber 2i The various characters were well sus ji tainel, and the skill Bhown in the performances . [j on tie different instruments was thoroughly [i appreciated. ' '! TiADB AT THE ?OBT.— There were seventy I' threJ vessels in harbour at Port Adelaide on i Saturday, October 23, thirteen being ships, !j tweity-fcur barques, eight brigs, *«w?Q j Ech«oners, four steamerr, and eight barges. The 1 revered tonnage of the whole amounted to 5 29,359 tons. | ?HH TheaTBE.— The Irish drama 'Bory i O'Jore' was presectad at the Royal on Monday evW. October 25, to a thin house. All toe actors performod with more than usual spirit, tr]*A apparently to have got once more into parta 1 fcr which they are fitted. Mr. TOtn AndWs ! vas highly successful asRory, and Miss Andrews -ainod considerable applause for her fsinjnng of y* Home, Sweet Home.' Mr. West was in hia jlement as the villanous Sha Dhu, and Mr. Harry Power's impersonation of Da WeJskein was decidedly clever. The performance con : eluded with the force of ' The Limerick Boy.' i Probable Suffocation.— A shocking event was revealed on July 25, at Torqmy. Tha family of Mr. LilliDgstone, owner of JMenhurst, beiDgin London, the house was left in charge o£ : two persons. It was noticed that the shuttera bad been open, and a forcible entranco was ? Bade. A smell of gas was perceived, and on proceeding to the bedroom both occupants o£, tbe house were fouud dead in thoir beds,'!. : WorkmeB had been at work in Edenhurst on tha ? pievions eveting altering the gas-fittingf, and : probably, it is thought by on English contem 'j porary, that they left one end open, tha gas I cauEicg the deaths of the household, \ ? ' ;-????? I , .-,? . ? 