CHRISTMAS TALE. ? , ? '♦ AN ISLAND PEARL. BYB. L. FARJEON, Author of 'Blades*- Grass,' 'Grif,'' Jessie Trim/'&c; JThe right at publication in Australia has been purchased by the proprietors of this journal.] INTRODUCTION, Stbaxgek thax a Diieam. Is is 6O close to Christmas, dear mates and Mends, that t-pt a few hours will pass before the holy day is here. Tf he rising of the sun will usher it in, and with it a wealth, of kindly feeling to beautify the world. The good Lord grant that it and the lessons it teaches ?lay flourish till- the Last Day ! To me it brings «trange memories, yet so sweet that I bless the good time as erery fading year heralds it, though every Siding year draws me nearer to the grave — as it does every one 01 us, irora. me oaoy in ms craoie v- mm who has lived his days' and is waiting. It is a strange story, this of mine, and I will try to tell it straight, though I may ramble a bit. Sitting Itere alone in. my quiet little room — Alone r No ; for the spirit of love robs the solitude of loneliness, and that is with me. Sitting here, then, in ray quiet little room, -with hardly a 6ound to distract my attention, it is hard to believe that I have seen what I have seen. ? 1 know full well that the peacefulest life may contain storms and heart-shocks incredible to believe in before they burst ; I know what poison lurks in hypocrisy and selfishness; I know 'what wounds are inflicted by mcan-spiritedness and hase-mindedness ; but few men have undergone such experiences as have been ordained to me. As I turn my eyes inwards to the past, wild lightning flashes, solemn thunderous sounds, the whirl of furious seas, make themselves seen and heard. And not these alone, thank the good Lord. 'While these convul sions are troubling my soul, there is shed upon them, like oil upon the troubled watere, the tender, peaceful influence of a child-*-of a child, now a woman, upon 'whose breast my head has often lain. Her face is pure and fair ; love is deeply seated in her eyes ; and ?an her forehead, in my fancy, shines a pale-blue star, in the €oft light of which the wild storms of my life are' hushed. Yes, it is a strange story, and I will tell it as well as -it is in my power to do, believing it to be a story -wiuch, were it told by another man, I myself should like to read by Christmas fires. There is a special reason why it should be writ for Christmas. It is, as it were, woven with Christmas memories ; some Jiriglit, some sad, but leading all to a 'happy conclu sion. It has happened in my life that some of its principal events have occurred at Christmastide, and when these recur to my mind the sound of Christmas l-ells rings in my ears. There are certain anniver saries of the season which, if I lived ten times man's allotted span, it would be impossible for me ever to forget. So to my task — to tell a story which is stranger than a dream. -3ffi.?TE& I. — What Bsecroft, Maiuneii, Heaud axb Saw in the Shells. 1 E lived in a little cot tage at Brixton, situated in a lane behind *^the broad highway. At that time there were three of us : Beecroft, Mariner ; Mary Beecroft, his wife ; and I, Amos, their son. Brixton then -was not what Brixton is now ; there was more country about, more fields and trees, though there are pretty bits to be found there to-day, if you search for them. The old cottage stands there still, mellowed hv as-p. «nd prettier by contrast with its newer fellows that have grown, round about it ; but Beecroft, Mariner's -cheery ' Yo, heave, ho !' is no longer heard within or without its walls. For a sufficient reason : he rests in another kind of habitation. His bones lie at the bottom of the Atlantic. But I, Amos Beecroft, live there at this day, surrounded by memorials of Bee croft, Mariner's 'love. Now, if you want me to describe our cottage, and to describe 'it briefly — you being in a hurry, perhaps, as everybody is in these bustling times — I can do so in one word: Shells. It seemed to be built almost entirely of shells ; they met you whichever way you , turned, whichever way you looked. About the mantelpiece, on the walls, in the centre of the ceiling (from which sometimes one would drop down with a bang), in frames, under glass shades, and skirting niy niolher'fi workbox and the looking-glass in her bedroom. Even the tiny plot of ground in front of our Cottage— the little plot of garden that was cut off from the footpath by green wooden palings and a green wooden gate— ^even that was decorated with them. They were of all shapes and colours, and occa sionally — Beecroft, Mariner, being a whimsical old salt — were turned to odd use. As an instance, in this ?way : My mother had a favourite cat, Tommy, which in the course of nature died. Beecroft, Mariner, being at home at the time, and having a number of loose shells which he desired to use up, thus devoted them. He had the cat stuffed, and stuck the shells on its back, to the tune of ' This is Tommy. ' He showed this piece of ingenuity to a friend, who had the repu tation of being a scholar. The Mend took exception to the inscription. — -. ' 'What's the matter with it r ' asked my father. ' Tommy no longer it,' replied the scholar. ' The inscription should read, ' This was Tommy.' ' My father chewed a good many quids over this suggestion* and, finding it difficult to decide whether fiboxbisSriendwas right, compromised matters by sticking 'was' over 'is.' '! jtifow they can take their cheice,' said he. As another instance, in which I, -unconsciously, vras deeply interested: On one occasion, when Bee croft, Mariner, was kissing his wife, and bidding her good-bye \rith more than ordinary tenderness — he being about to depart on a long voyage, and I being soon expected to make my first appearance in the world — he directed her attention to a large parcel, which he placed at the bottom of an old hairy sea chest— a ren- ancient specimen indeed, being almost bald — not to say mangy — and whispered to her that, when her time came, this parcel was to be undone, and tie contents displayed on the little table in her i-edroom. Her tiinpiame duly, and my father's directions were implicitly followed, when there came &rUi; a Urge pincushion, with 'Welcome, Little 'danger,' set out on it in small pearls of shells. My mother, as you may guess, was delighted with this mark of lore and consideration from her man, who was thousands of miles away when his boy was born ; but some of her female acquaintances — of course I am. speaking only from hearsay — viewed it with much disfavour. They were doubtless old- fashioned Seople, and regarded the shells as a poor and i»ju icious substitute for pins. Nay, I believe they at tempted to remove the objectionable Welcome by force', and that mv mother, fighting for her treasure as though it were 'a thine of flesh and blood, and triumphing, so far ercited their ire as to cause them to declare that the unoffending little stranger would be sure'to come to no good. The' shells that met your eye in every corner of the cottage had been gathered 'north, south, east, and west of the globe ; and, so that there should be no mistake ^as to whose residence it was, ' Beecroft Mariner' was woven outside in shells from various shores, directly above the low window which looked into our little front parlour. It may be well understood, therefore, that Beecroft, Mariner's cottage was pretty well known roundabout. It served, in deed, as a kind of landmark in the neighbour hood, and my father, as I understand, was looked upon as a character. Not by any means as an objectionable character, for everybody had a smile for him, for the simple reason, I suspect, that he himself had a smile and a good word for everybody. Natural kindliness of manner is a good capital to go through life upon, and if, as it often does, it meets with a bad return — (for there are in the world souls so base as to be incapable of a generous sentiment) — it is, after all, but a repetition of an ex perience which falls to the lot of many good fellows. Beecroft, Mariner, was emphatically a good fellow, and I assert it in no partial spirit. Everybody who knew him would say the same. He was a man to be proud of as a father ; and I wish no one in the world a better. It was my greatest delight, as a youngster, to walk by his side through the Brixton streets, with my little hand in his big one, and to imitate his walk! the roll of his body, and the very expression on nis iace, to let the people know that I was Beecroft, Mariner's son. His shells were my delight as » boy, and on some of the few* evenings in the year he spent at home with us he would take me between his knees and tell me stories of the sea in connection with these pets of his. What wonder, then, that I grew to love both it and them I ♦' You see, my son,' he said — he always addressed me thus, and occasionally my mother took after him — ' 3'ou see, my f oa, when I am away your mother can't help but think 6f me. And why? Because of these shells. She puts one of 'em to her ear, and she says, ? Now I'm on the sea with Beecroft, Mariner, the father of my boy.' She follows me about to different places; that's how it is. And shells have different voices. They tell you almost everything about the sea you'd like to know. Listen to this,' and he put a shell to my ear. 'Can't you hear, a storm brewing r And here's the wind howling through a pitch-black night, and here's a mer maid singing, and here's the soft napping - of the sails as we lay becalmed, praying for a breeze ; and here — shut your eyes, my son— here we are sur iounded by great white ghosts — icebergs, my !son, with sea voices all about us.' I listened in a kind of rapture to such utterances as these, and sawand heard in the shells all that my father described with rough and eloquent tongue. If he could have found and brought home a shell large enough for us all to live in, 1 believe he would have been the happiest man alive. Sitting at home with -us one evening, he said, half in jest, half in earnest, ' I should like to be buried in a'|shell coffin, ina grave lined with shells.' 'Now it was a circumstance to be superstitiously remembered in after days that, as he uttered these words in the little parlour at Brixton, a shell fell from the ceiling and grazed his hand. ? ' Oh, my dear ! ' cried my mother, starling up in a flutter. Beecroft, Mariner, wiped the blood, frem his hand with a smile, but immediately afterwards gazed at the delinquent shell with an air which implied that it had been guilty of a breach of duty, and ought to be condemned to walk the plank. 'Oh, my dear ! ' cried my mother again; 'how can you say such things r ' ' Well, but I sttould like to be buried in just such a grave,' he said, with light persistence. '? We must be buried some time and somewhere, and that's my fency.' She said nothing in reply, but a shudder passed through, her at the mere suggestion of my father's death. In a certain way he had his wish, though the pat tern of his grave was different, and his coffin a more spacious one than was meant in his expression. He died when I was seven years of age. On a dark night, during a sudden and raging storm, while help ing to reef the main- topgallant sail, he lost his hold, and slipped into the grave of the Atlantic. As the wild waves received and closed over him, blotting him out of the world for - ever and ever, perhaps a vision came upon him of his wife and child in their little cottage at Brixton, brightened by the mementoes of his love ; and perhaps, in the midst of his brief agony, it brought a spark of comfort to him. It does me good to think of his hist moments in this way, and to believe, that he breathed a ' God bless you!' to those dear ones from whom the sea was snatching him. He could have had no time for more — no time, according to the accounts we received, to fight for his life. The waters were too eager_ and angry. He went swift to his fate. But one minute after he fell he must have been a dead man. Thus my father, Beecroft, Mariner, passed away, in the performance of his duty. This being mentioned in the letter which brought my mother the sad news — as to his dying doing his duty, I mean— cut her two wavs. It was in some sense a consolation to her,^but it increased her grief at the loss of such a man. Now, my feelings were of a different nature. I was a sailor before my father's death, and the manner of his death did not frighten me. It was a proper sailor's death, I thought in my childish way, and I was proud of my father for dying it, and proud of myself for being such a sailor's son. Sometimes of a night, when I was a-bed, I would put a shell to my ear, and, with my eyes closed, I would see my father floating down to* th'e bottom of the sea, where he would lie with a cheery and smiling face, among beautiful seaweed and coral and shells of pearl. I never iii these fancies saw him with any but a cheerful and smiling face. Really I had been a sailor in my heart from my cradle upwards. I do not know whether this came from innate love orfirom education, but I do know that, whether I was bred or born to it, I loved the sea with a deep and passionate love. Never have I forgotten the first time I saw it. It stretched before me calm and vast, and over the water-line in the distance lay the wonders which I should one day see. They were hidden from me now, but the time would come. I was silent from joy. That is the world, thought I — my world, in which I shall live and be a sailor, like my father. I regarded the land as of the very smallest consequence ; it occupied but an insignificant position in the universe according to my reckoning. Chapter II. — I Offer to But a Few Meemaids ron Mb. Diivce. It is not to be wondered at that I had such ideas, for my inclination for the sea was fostered and encouraged in every conceivable way. I was the sailor pet of the neighbourhood, and, from the time that I remembered my self, I was always dressed sailor fashion. I haven't the slightestdoubt, judging from the impressions I gathered, that the children in the neighbourhood regarded me as some thing: Darticularly marvellous, and that no high admiral, however fine and grand his cocked hat and sword and gold-lace clothes might be, would have held a higher position in their estimation than young Amos Beecroft. That the reputation I enjoyed came from no merit in myself did not disturb me ; but as that same obliviousness is frequently observable in children of a larger growth, I may be readily excused for it. I daresay I con sidered myself a person of vast consequence. I know well enough that it was with no small pride I used to contemplate my figure when I was dressed in my blue trousers, very tight at the knee and very wide at the ankle, and my little sailor's hat, with its piece of blue ribbon and the name of my father's ship stamped upon it ; and, in gleeful imitation of my sailor friends, I did, I do believe, from the, age of three, begin to roll about like a porpoise, .and to hitch up my waistband in a dainty way, thinking it a fine and manly thing to do. I did not chew ; I had not yet arrived at the dignity of a quid ; but I watched my father, and imitated him secretly with pieces of paper in my cheek, waiting and longing for the day when I might enjoy the real thing. During my apprentice ship in this art I went through some dangerous ex periences by reason of the paper quids slipping down my throat, . and indeed it was a mercy I was not choked by my ambition. Another of my accom plishments—how I gained it the time is too far off, or my memory too treacherous, for me to remember — was the dancing of the hornpipe, in which I was led to believe by partial and flattering tongues that I could beat the best sailors five time my age. I am free to confess that such flatteries fell on an ear only too willing to receive them. On one memorable night, whea my mother had a few friends to tea, I was desired to show what a prodigy I was in the saltatory art. I was already dressed in my sailor clothes, prepared for the occasion by an over-fond mother, who artfully led the way to this climax, sug gesting it as though it were quite a sudden thought, instead of being anxiously premeditated. The table being pushed into a corner, I, without any exhibition of false modesty, took possession of my stage, and with a preliminary duck of my head and a profes sional hitch at my waistband,' set my arms akimbo and began to dance ; and danced till my legs ached, and would have danced until they dropped off, had I been permitted to do so. . If any doubts had hitherto existed in mynund that I was a hero, they were dispelled on that evelSg, and I held up my head like the vainest turkev-cock. My mother's friends on that occasion Sre chiefly old women, and they wagged their heads, and pinched their sides so that I almost expected in the midst of my whirling to see them tumble to pieces ; and the more they cackled and wagged ibex heads the greater energy I threw into my hmbs, flinging them about as though they were wmdzwUs. underthe influence of the strongest of winds. Ine memory of that evening's triumph inflated me for many a long week. Even at this distance of tune I cannot help laughing at that recollection. I had something better than this that I night well have been proud of, as it was not so common as it is nowadays, thanks to the march of enlightenment. My father had com menced to give me some sort of rough education, and this was continued after his death. I had the good fortune to fall into abler hands, my master, though poor, being a gentleman of refinement. He taught me much, for he was fond of me : but I learnt more when I was an elderly man than when I was a boy, and in a strange school and place, as you will confess when you come to it. My mother had received no education ; she could neither read nor write. Now I take it that most boys brought up as I was carry with them to their graves some one or more remembrances of their early days, which quite often have nothing to do with the regular 'current of their lives, playing, indeed, no part in them. With respect to what I am about to recall, this is not the case with me ; but it might have been. If you grown-up people who read these rough words of mine will turn your eyes back, as it might be, to the days when you hadn't begun to fight life's battle in real earnest, you will see some little circumstance standing out quite plainly by itself, like an island in a great sea. It may have nothing whatever to do with you or your life, affecting it neither for good nor for evil, so far as you are aware. But it rose, and there it stands, and shows itself at odd moments in some unaccountable way. Such a remembrance is mine, but the dif ference with me is that it gave a dark colour to my life. I could not have been more than six years of age when I found myself standing on the outskirts of a crowd of people gathered together id a street near that in which I li ved. How I came there I do not know ; but there I was, a spectator of the scene. It was a violent crowd, and loud and angry words were being used. The people were gathered about an open street- door, and from what I could understand with my childish mind, a family were being turned out of their house in consequence of owing some money which they were unable to pay. Their furniture had been seized and sold, and they were being bundled into the streets. The sympathies of the crowd were with them, as is invariably the case on such occasions, crowds being always composed of poor people ; and oaths and threats were flung at the man to whom the money was owing, and who had in this way enforced his claim. I heard his name. It was Druce. Pre sently the crowd divided, and by some means I was in the centre of it, standing by the two men who played the principal parts. The face of one of these men was white and pinched and livid, as though with fear and malice ; the face of the other was con vulsed with passion, and blood was trickling down it. Instinctively, child as I was, I knew which was the wronged man, and which the wronger, and their faces became indelibly stamped upon my memory. The name of the wronger also would never have been forgotten by me, even if in after days I had not cause to remember it. I ran home in terror of it and him, and told the story to my mother with tears and sobs. Mr. Druce was a money- lender in our neighbour hood. When he died, his son inherited his business. The name was over his office, and I never saw it in my boyish days without its bringing before me the faces of two men, one white and livid, the other con vulsed with bitter passion, and with the blood trickling down it, and I invariably hated the one and sympathised with the other. Up te a certain period of my life I met this son but once. He was a man, and I was a man. Perhaps he was three or four years older than I was. I stood with my hand on our little wooden gate, and he came and stood before me. I had no 'idea who he was, never having seen him to know him. His shadow falling across my path caused me to look down upon him. I could do that ; I was taller than he. A thin inquisitive face was that face of his, with eyes that were bright, but had no softness in them. He could not have been ashamed of his face, for it was per fectly irsmooth and hairless. Mine, on the contrary, had plenty of hair upon it. 'Good evening, neighbour,' said he. That was a claim to kinship in friendliness. ' Good evening,' said I, scarcely looking at him *' A fine evening,' was his next observation. It happened not to be a fine evening, and I remarked that he talked like a barber. #He accepted my cor rection good- humouredly. ' Not being a sailor, ''said he, 'I don't know the jsigns of the weather as well as you.' 'You know when it rains, I suppose,' I said, with a wave of my hand, for a slight mist was falling. 'Ah, yes, indeed,' he replied, in a tone of surprise, looking up as though he was only now aware of the falling mist. ' You have been a long time away.' I had been absent on a long voyage, and had been home but a few days. I nodded, ' Yes, a long time,' and would have left him, but that he seemed to have something more he wished to say. ' You have been to Africa, I hear ?' ' Yes, to Africa, and other coasts.' ' I've read,' said he, 'that gold is dug up there by the savages.' ' That's so.' 'And feathers, worth their weight in gold?' ' I don't know about their value.. Feathers are got there.' 'And pearls in other places, and coral r' 'That's so.' ?' And you've been to those places.' 'Ay.' His 'bright eyes that had no softness in them gleamed still more brightly and eagerly, but still it was in a hesitating tone — as though he was suspicious - I should take advantage of him— that he continued his questioning. ' Have you got any r' asked he. 'Any what?' ' Feathers and bits of coral and that like.' I laughed at him. . ' I've enough to do,' said I, *' without bothering my head about such things. Besides, they're out of my reach.' ' Out of your reach !' he repeated. ' Ay. It takes money to buy them.' He chuckled, and rubbed his hands. ' And you've no money?' ' Not more than I know what to do ? with. Have you r' At this question of mine he gave his body such a remarkable screw that it appeared to me as though all in one moment he was buttoning' himself up from top to toe. 'I've got a little,' said he, with a slow twisting of bis fingers, ' and I'm fond of turning it over— turning it over.' 'Well,' said I, with another laugh, 'turn it over.' ?' In trade I mean. I'd like to buy some of them pearls and feathers and coral.' ' Easily enough done if you're so flush of money. Go out there.' ' I can't spare the time. Couldn't you bring home some ?' ' I'll you what I could bring home.' ' Yes, yes ; what?' ?' What do you say to a mermaid?' *' A mermaid,' he cried excitedly. ' It would do to exhibit. Can you get one ?' 'A hundred, if you'll pay for them. They're as thick as sprats here and there in places.' He gave me a sour look, and turned it -off to a laugh almost as sour. ' You sailor fellows like to have your joke. Look lere now. I lend money, and am fond of a bargain. You're a bold, strong man. Get some of them pearls and feathers, or anything foreign and curious, and bring them home to me, and I'll pay you handsomely for them.' 'I tell you I've enough else to do. They don't come in my way.' And I turned and opened the gate, for there was something in the nianmade me dislike him — something that seemed to say, 'I'd buy your blood if I could make money out of it.' ' Think it over,' said he, detaining me. 'All right; I'll think it over. And that's all I will do,' 6aid I to myself. ' There's money in it, I tell you — money. You're not rich enough to turn your nose up at that. We'll talk about it again. I see you're in a hurry now. Good evening, Mr. Beecroft.' He held out his hand. ' Good evening, Mr. ? .' ' Druce,' said he ; ' that's my name.' His hand lay in mine like a parcel of bones. I dropped it quickly, and spit into my palm, and rubbed it on my trousers. He looked at me angrily, and I saw in his face, which had grown white and livid at my action, the likeness to that white and livid face ?which formed part of my childish remembrance. The face of the other man, too, the man who had been wronged, with the blood trickling down it, came be fore me again. ' What is the meaning of this ?' he asked. 'This,' I answered hotly ; ' that I want no more of your words or your company. I know you, Mr. Druce, and what stuff you're made of.' I am aware that it was most unreasonable in me to speak to him in this way. If his father had done a ?wrong, what kind of justice was it to make the son accountable for it ? But the name and all that be longed to it was detestable to me, and what was in ? me was bound to come out. He seemed as though he were about to speak pas sionately in reply, but he altered his mind, with a shrug of his shoulders. He walked away, and I was glad to be rid of him. Ciiatteii III. — To, HeAve, Ho. Well, then, I followed the sea, as it was my fate and my pleasure to do ; and the usual experience of a sailor's life was mine. It is not for me to say what kind of a man I grew into ; for what man can rightly judge of himself? Say that I was no better and no worse than the usual run of seafaring men, and that, ?without having much vice in me, I had nothing par ticularly good to recommend me, and perhaps you'll be somewhere near the mark. . The truth is that, up to and beyond the time I am speaking of, my life hadn't commenced. While I was at sea my mother drew a portion of pay regularly. She needed it, for my father had left her no provision — from no fault of his. There are millions of us who are compelled to live from hand to mouth, as the saying is. There are certain wiseacres in the world who fling our position in our faces, accusing us, in their blindness, of wild extravagance. I can't help but scorn and laugh at them for their selfish ignorance. They are generally comfortable persons these, and preach at poor people from stuffed armchairs. What portion ef my pay I could afford to allow my mother was not quite sufficient for her wants. She eked it out by earning some small sums herself— never mind in what way : sufficient that it was in an honest way. Jack ashore, in the person of Amos Beecroft, was a. home-bird, believe me. It was one of my great pleasures when I returned home from a voyage to walk from the Docks to the little house of shells in Brixton, and to peep through the window at my mother, bustling about, making preparation for me ; or all pre paration being made, and there being nothing else for her to do, to see her sitting in her chair, pretend ing to work, while all the while her heart Avas in her cars, as she listened for my step. I never told her the exact day I was coming, and indeed I never knew, for the elements baffle man's judgment ; but what I mean is, if I had known, I should not have told her. It pleased me to give her a surprise — a surprise, mind you, that, living as she had done, with sailors all the years of her life, M-as not a shock to her in any but a good way. Therefore if, as I turned the corner of the street, I saw her standing at the little cottage door, or by the little garden-gate, with her hand to her eyes looking out for me, I would dodge about, and wait till she was inside. I had no particular need to do that, for her sight was never very good, and years did not improve it ; but she might have found me out, for love is a wonderful sharpener of the senses. When all was safe, I would walk gently to the house, and would look up above the little window to see that there wasn't a shell missing in ' Beecroft Mariner,' and would creep to the window and peep through. Then I would softly turn the handle of the «por, and cry out in my heartiest tone, ' Yo, heave, hv ! ' as was my father's custom before me when he xeurned home ; and the next moment, or the same m-ment, or the moment before— for I never knew exactly how it came about~-her arms would be Touidmyneck, and she would be crying over me, whil. I, with something in my eyes, too, that ina(ie-them dim, would fondle and pat her should^ to soothe and calm the good old soul. It was a ra^ and sweet pleasure this, and many a time on the st^s have I enjoyed it in anticipation, hum ming the -fords of the song my father used to sing : T-e boatman calls, the -wind is fair, Tn. anchor heaving, '{'sweethearts leaving, Tjfe V duty must repair WhOT.our stations veil we know. Cast di halliards from the cleets, Stand I, ^6^ dear all the sheets ; Come, it boj-f^ Your h&iispikes; poise. And grow general huzza — Yet sighin, ^ you puU away, For the tea. ashore that flow ; To the Tvino^gg jej yg m, Withyo,heaejhoj The fashion for sing^g such-like sea-songs is dying out among sailors, and^am sorry for it. It, was a fancy of min out of kind memory of my father, always to bring\ome new shells and work them into new devices, W I was not so clever and handy with themfas Beeo»ftf Mariner, was. Still I managed to lumber up tW cottage until it looked like an old shell curiosity aW *' There'll be no room sooT for me to turn round in,' said my mother, with a hppy ioot. There was little enough roo\ & ft was, but I con tinued to bring home the shells, with an idea that the mother -would look upon it as a sign of bad luck if I came home from a voyage empty-handed in respect to shells. I knew, also,' that she had a deep tenderness for them, for her dead husband's sake. I've seen her crying over them, never letting her know that I ob served her ; and more than once I've caught her sit ting quiet with a shell at her ear ; as though she was listening to the voice of her drowned man who lay at the bottom of the Atlantic. When I was a man full grown, having passed through thirty changes of the seasons, I came home — from India this time — andyeeping through the win dow of our cottage, I saw that my mother was not alone. A little girl was with her, seven or eight years old, maybe, and my mother was talking to her, pointing- with her finger, and nodding her head gently, after the fashion of elderly women when they are interested in what they are saying. The child sat, open-eyed and still, listening to the old woman's gossip. I doubted net that it was of me she was speaking, for when I gave out my lusty ' Yo, heave, ho ! ' she started to her feet, crying, ' And here he j is ! ' and before we knew where we were, we were kissing and crying over each other. When she re covered herself a little, she turned to the child, and said, as she wiped her eyes — ' This is my son — my Amos ! ' In just that kind of mother's voice which expresses as much as a flourish of trumpets which says, ' Here comes the king !' It is good so, and natural, doubt less ; but what man among us deserves such love and goodness? The little maid nodded, and stared at me solemnly. Whether she' thought I was something more than a man it is beyond me to say ; but it was evident from her manner 'that she considered me an out-of- the-way specimen of human nature. I drew her to me, and she stood at my side with her hand in mine ; a pretty little fairy she was, with her blue eyes and fiur face and light auburn hair, which hung in wavy curls to her shoulders. Her name was Mable. She was the child of a neighbour, and between her and my mother quite a fond friendship had been struck up. The old mother lived all alone, and I was glad to think that she had obtained such a pretty little companion to spend an hour with now and again. ' I shall call you mother's fairy,' said I, smoothing her hair. Her eyes sparkled. ' Have you seen any ?' 'Fairies, my dear? No. But I've seen what's almost as good.' We soon became friends, and I did not quarrel with the little maid because she was inclined to place a higher value upon me than such a common fellow as I deserved. Il was not her fault ; she looked at me through my mother's spectacles, which the old woman had placed on her eyes. It did neither of us any great harm. She, child-like, was very curious about the shells, regarding them as the most precious pos sessions ) and I told her a great deal about them, and about the coasts on which they were gathered, never suspecting until now that I had so much to tell worth listening to. I would pause sometimes, doubtful whether it was worth listening to, but she invariably ' I want no more of your words or your company,' said Amos, ' I know yon, Mr. Druce, and what stuff you're made of.' ' This is my son, my Amos, Mahel !' said Mrs. Beecroft, as she wiped her eyes. wound me up again by crying softly and eagerly, ' Go on ; go on!' and on I would go, as well pleased as she was herself. If I told her things about the shells which were new and interesting to her, she in her turn filled me with wonder with her simple re marks, which she let rail unconsciously, as the dia mond drops of dew fall from the clouds. She, a child who had never seen the shores on which these shells were gathered, who heard of them now for the first time, caused me to look upon them with a different eye. Beauty came into them which I had never yet beheld or comprehended. The hard duties of life had caused me to forget what my father used to say about the shells having different voices. Now it all came back to me, nevermore to be forgotten, never, nevermore J If I die in a bed, I shall hear the shells whispering to me from my pillow, and if one is placed at my ear ? Well, then I may hear voices I never heard before. I repeated my 'father's words to Mabel the child. ' Listen, my little maid. Here is a storm brewing. Shut your eyes, and you will see it *s well as hear it. You can distinguish nothing in the skies — net a fi, to light the night ; hoarse voices are all around yo and dark shadows of men are working against uu storm, with their heads pressed close to their breasts, so that their faces shall not be whipped to pieces by the wind and rain. And now the ship is lying in still blue -water ; it'is calm, and you can hear only the soft lapping of the sails, and the sailors singing under their breaths as they sit about the deck, mending the torn canvas. And here in this shell is a mermaid's song 'which not everybody can understand.' Mabel drank in every word, and declared, as years ago I had done before her, that she could hear and understand everything I described. And so that holiday at home passed more happily than any that had gone before it. At sea again, I thought much of her and of her fairy ways, which were a new and delightful experience in my rough life. On my return I found her as before in my mother's cottage, and I made a kind of castle with the shells, with windows and turrets in it, and a place inside for candles ; and if I had not already won her heart, I won it on the presentation of this toy. But a child's heart is not hard to win. So the years went by, and I reached the age of forty. I had been on my longest voyage, and had gone through some dangers unnecessary here to relate; and it was with more than ordinary satisfaction that I walked with a light step to the cottage of Beecroft, Mariner. My heart glowed as I drew near to the old familiar spot, noting little signs by the way which, insignificant though they might be, were to me endearing landmarks. Here W8S the old fruit-womau sitting huddled up a» I had left her three years ago — no, not three years, it must have been yesterday. Here was the .blind beggarman leaning against the wall as he had done yesterday, holding out his hand, and sighing in his low sing-song voice, ' Pity the poor blind !' Surely they must understand each other these two, the wall and the man ! Nothing was changed ; not even my old mother, who pressed me once more to her faithful heart, with tears and words of joy. ' And Mabel ?' I asked. ' My little maid !' My mother looked with a smile across my shoulder, and I turned and saw her. But it seemed, to me that I was gazing on a fairy vision in a cloud, and for a moment or two I was spell-bound. Was this fair and beautiful creature the Mabel I had left behind? Was this lovely vision my little maid? Yes, it was she, and no vision that would vanish at a good rub of the eyes. She came towards me with smiles and outstretched hands. I took them and held them in mine, and we stood gazing at each other — I in wonder, she with smiles upon her face. Hitherto I had always kissed her, and she had kissed me ; but either my wender, or the new light in which she appealed to me now, caused me to hold back. And after the first moment or two the opportunity was gone. I can't tell you how badly I felt over it. Something sweet seemed to have gone out of my life, leaving behind an aching feeling in my breast. She did not appear to feel as I felt, for she was full of eager words, while mine came slowly -and awkwardly. Perhaps to all but myself the change was natural, meeting now, as we did, as man and woman ; but to me it was an un expected and uncomfortable experience. Mabel could not stay with us long, having home duties to attend to. 'I saw you coming down the street,' she said, ' and I threw on my hat, and ran after you to shake' hands with you.' ?? x nat was gooa 01 you, lviaoei, saia i. ' 'Good!' she exclaimed. 'See what a time you have been away — so long, so long! I have been looking every day for your return.' ' And if I had never come back, Mabel ?' The first answer she gave me was a reproachful look. Then she said, ' There are some things we should not speak lightly of. Death is one.' ' A sailor looks it in the face very often, Mabel, and grows to think more lightly of it than landfolk. You have really missed me, then ?' 'Indeed I have.' ' And thought of me ?' 'indeed, l nave. Ana spoJten to you, and seen you.' '' Why, Mabel,' I cried, in surprise, not under standing her. Her hand was lying lightly on my arm, for these words were interchanged between us as I walked with her to the end of our street. ' You forget,' she said, 'that the shells you gave me have voices, and that when you put them to your ears and shut your eyes, you can see and hear things.' 'Ah, that's like my little Mabel, like my little maid that I have always loved. Look at me, Mabel. Am I changed?' ' N'ot a bit. I should have known you anywhere. Amir' ? She put the question laughingly, and with the prettiest little toss of her beautiful head. I gazed at her in fullest admiration. ' It's well I met you here instead of foreign lands ; for then I should have wondered, ? Can this be the little Mabel 'I left behind me?' I should have doubted until you spoke to me, for your voice is not altered.' ' Nor my heart,' she said, softly. A sweet and sudden joy stirred within me at these simple words. In the endeavour to set down my feel ings here I am not sure that I shall succeed in making myself understood, especially when I remember that Mabel was a girl ot seventeen and I a man of forty. I had never given much thought to women ; I had been satisfied with my old mother's love, and for the last ten years with the lore of a child. They were enough for my thoughts to turn to during my voyage, and they formed, as it might be, a star which shone - brightly for me during the darkest night and through the fiercest storm. But now that I came home, and, without forewarning or thought of it, found in the i place jof a child a woman, with all a woman's soul shining out of her eyes, and proclaiming itself— at least to my fancy — in every graceful action of her beautiful form ; now it was different, and it opened new channels for my thoughts to wander in. Why, when I caressed the child Mabel and played with her fingers, I had no other idea but that we two were good friends, and would for ever remain so— she always a child, I a rough man. Now the pressure of her soft fingers remained upon my hand for hours, the light of her beautiful eyes was ever.. before me, the sound of her sweet voipe , lingered in my ears like the faint music of a Harp which, needs but the whisper of a summer's breeze to awaken its sweetest melody. How often during my next two voyages these new impressions came upon me I cannot say. Indeed I could not if I would set down the music of the new world, of the strangely sweet dream in which I was now living. Mabel was with me always. Her -voice, her eyes, tie pressure of her hand, a hundred little tricks of expression, all came before me in their turn, and they touched every thing with a beauty to which I had hitherto been bund. Up to this time my life had been without colour, happy enough in its way, but with no special . brightness in it. Now heaven opened itself to me, and I saw all things, even the commonest, In a purer ight. It was like a sunrise to my souL 