Oar London letter. (From our Special Correspondent.) Mr. nnd Mrs. S. U. Hall, whose works are welcomed wherovor tho English tongue is spokon, and who tho other day kept their golden wedding, woro testimonialized on tho 26th instant. The committeo was headod with thonamo of Lord Shaftesbury and ended with that of tho poet Lauroato, and between these two illustrious tormini we irud "all sorts and conditions" of lite? J tours. Would my good readers believo that the Halls have published conjointly or alona betwoon 300 and 400 volumos of conscientious work, and ovor with a good and useful aim. In 1839, Mr. Hall founded, and has since continuod uninterruptedly to edit, tho Art Journal — a work which in no Bmall degroo has influenced and adorned British art and art manufactures, The vonorablo <Npaiv are just now sponding a short timo at liamsgate. No great way from tho Halls in Kon- sington live the Ingelows. No doubt the pretty verses and prose of Jean Ingolow are known in Queensland. Tlio Ingelows gnvo a garden party on Sat. tho 22nd, to 200 guests. These excur- sions, iiuw muti me sun litis uoguu ro shine, and tho air to be really warm, are most charming. Mr. Varley has roturnod from tho land of Moody and Sankey, and tho Americans have now gone eastward, crowds in tho Haymarkot at noonday, in tho afternoon, and at 8 p.m., aro of tho past. Tho Primate's timely letter ox- prossos vory much tho predominant fooling — and not of Churohmon only. Everywhere, there has "boon a desiro to think well of their work— to recogniso what was good in it, and to Bpoak gently of its obvious defects. To this tho absence of noise, rant, and tho son- . sational has much contributed. If it bo asked whother the results will en dure, tho answor must dopond on others. If tlie movement is left whore it is, it needs no ghost to toll it will, of nocos- _ sity, bo crudo and incomplete. '#("./ does it neod any great wisdom to>Do awaro that in such a case the last con dition of thoso awalcono I and then left to Bleop by themsolves \flll bo worso than the first. Chnrlos Grovillo's diary has reminded not a few of tho samo sort of thing, as coming from tlio pen .of Lord Horvey, His recollections belong to an oarlior epoch, and the scone of them, for the most part, is the old palaco of Kensing ton wltli lis gardens, never, more do- liciotts than now. Lord Hervoy belongs to the days of Frederick, Prince of Wales — of Robert Walpole and Swift. Pope describes him as a reptile, who, "At the ear of Evo (tho Queon) familiar toad ! Half froth, half venom , spits himself abroad." His daily duties were such as brushing away flies, tasting the Queen's chocolate, and mimicking her acquaintance. I cannot forbear giving my readers this extract concerning tlie court life of thoso days. " No mill horso ever wont in a moro constant track, or a more unchanging circle, so that by help of an almanack for tho day of tho week, and a watch for tho hour of the day, you may inform yourself fully af all tbat is going on, or will bo going on. Walking, chaises, levees, and audiences fill up tho morn ing. At night, the King plays at com merce and backgammon, and the Queen at quadrille, whore poor Lady Charlotto runs her nightly gauntlet— the Quoen pulling her hood, and the Princess Royal rapping her knuckles. Tho Duke of Grafton takes his nightly opiate of lottery, and: sleeps as usual boforo the Princesses- Amelia and Caroline. Lord Grantham strolls from one room to another, as Drydon says, 'like sonio discontented ghost, that oft appears nud is forbid to speak,' and stirs himself about as folks stir a firo, not with any design, hut in hopes to make it burn briskor. At last 'the King rises, tho pool finishes, and every ono gets thoir dismissal ; and then the ovoning and morning mako the day." > At tho dinner of the Royal Literary Fund Count Beust on Wednosday week said that tho mission of literature was not to destroy but to create. Tho Times makes the Count to say, "not to des troy but to orate." Even tho loading journal orrs sometimes. Aliquando dor- mitat Tlomcrus, Mr. Lowe has been vory amusing in a speooh doliverod at tho annual dinner of the Royal Geographical Sooiety on the 24th. In returning thanks for the Universities, lie said ho believed Lon- don better up in geography than oithor Oxford or Cambridge, bocauso its stu dents had spread themselves moro widely over tho faco of tho eartli, and had thus acquired, as ho himseMad done, a practical knowledgo <5o- graphy. Eyron's Pasha would riot be lieve tho oarth was round, becauso ho had never found it so. He romembored on one occasion, tlio captain of tho ship m which ho went to Australia — proposed to mako two days Saturday, aud that he remonstrated with him, and suggested that lie had hotter make two Sundays, tho dinner on Saturday boing " resurrection pie," whilo Sunday was a ohampagno day. It was scarcely nocossary to assure so scientific au audience that though ho and tho cap tain had differed ns to tho day, that was to bo created and the dinner to bo sorvod up, there was no disagroomont as to tlio fact that, thoy did gam a day, and thoroforo lip considered kimsolf in soino small degree a geographical dis- covoror, and as having demonstrated ' that tho world was round. Mr. Grant Duff lias also boon on liis logs during tho last fow days. Amongst othor things, in ono of his onoyclo- poodiacal spooches, roferring to India, whonco ho has just roturnod, ho said, " Thoy might ltavo from timo to timo rudo shocks to hear, but tlioir power in India was mado to boar very rudo shocks. True, we woro moroly a kaud- ful, and thoy woro 250,000,000, more or loss. True, tlioir comparison of us to a fow black grains lying on tho top of a jiir fjlled with whito grains of millot waflSborfectly correct as far as it wont. Shaffo tlio jar ovor so littlo and tho black grains would disappoar. But oncli of theso blaok grains, tlioy must remombor, is connected with its neigli- . bor by a thread invisible but as tough mid strong as stool. With those invi sible threads, tho jar will tako a doalof shaking before tho black grains coaso to lio at tlio top." Tlio Pall Mall Gazette falls foul of Mr. Duff for spoiling tho comparison, and claims to know for certain that what tho intelligent native said was, that tho English in India woro liko a fow white grains of millot on tlio top of a jar full of black grains. Apropos of India, tho Rodo locturo has boon delivered in tho Senate House at Cambridge since I last wrote. Sir H. J. S. Maine took as bis subjoct, " Tho effeots of observation of India on modern European thought." This, ho said, needed no demonstration. Tho discovery of Sanskrit had influoncod tho wliolo science of languago. India had given us already comparative phi lology and comparative mythology, and might yot givo us comparative jurispru dence. India possossed an Aryan lan guago older than any other descendant of the common mother tonguo. Tho extreme isolation of tlio country had liithorto turned tho koy on all tiioso troasuros, which contact with Europe was unlocking. Tlio lecturer concludod by stating shortly the general character of India, upon which a doublo curront of. influence was playing— ono curront having its origin in this country, aris ing from the strong moral and political convictions of a free people ; tho othor, nvisinir in India itself, ontrondered among a dense and dark vegetation of primitive opinion stubbornly rootod in tlio debris of tlio past Professor Mayor, of Cambridge, has discovored that tlio phrase "to savo appearances" is 2000 years old, being cited by Plutnrcli from Cloantlies. Tlio pliraso, " in puris naturalibus," which is now grotesquely used for " stark nnkod," is borrowed from tho scholastic philosophy whoro it donotes tho natural power of man prior to Divine grace. Mr. Hdrt Dylco, tho Consorvntivo (pViiip, lias boon suffering from a sharp attack of inflammation and painful blistering of both foot. It was caused by wearing some new socks with bright red stripes, and it kept him confinod to his coucli for some days. Lord Pembroke's resignation is duo wholly to ill- heath. To many of my readers he will bo known as tho author of tlio amusing , work, entitled "South Sea Bubbles," by tho Earl and tho Doctor. Lord Cadogan is to bo bis suc cessor, better known as Lord Clielsoa — for a fow weeks M.P, for Bath. Tlio annual dinner of tlio Newspaper Press Fund is fixed for Saturday tho 12th. Tho chairman will bo tho Dean of "Westminster. Tho work is begun, and we may liavo a now Opera Houso next season. Tho present Covent Garden Theatre was built in seven months. Tho now Law Courts will swallow up sovon years in tardily coming to completion. Mr. Mapleson's magnificent building is to occupy an acre and a half, with an em bankment frontage of 200 foot. 20,000 cubic foot of earth will have to bo re- movod. I find it impossible to realize all tho wonderful change which is como and is coming over London ; and if this is my difficulty who livo amidst it all, what will ho the bewildering nmaze- mout of some of my Queensland readers on their returning onco more to this tho great heart of tho groat world. Dr. Joseph Barber Lightfoot, Canon of St. Paul's and Hulsean Professor, has unanimously and deservedly succoeded to the Lady Margaret Profossorsliip of Divinity, at Cambridge. Dr. Lightfoot is a Fling Edward's school boy of Bir mingham, and with Canon Westcott woro favorite pupils of tho late Bishop of Manchester. Lady Margarot, tho mother of Honry VII., founded and en dowed tho chair in 1509. The sainted Fisher, ono of Rome's martyrs, first occupiod it, and among subsequent tenants have boon Chancellor Cosyn, Erasmus, Whetgift, Gunning, Mnrsh, John Blunt, and Solwyn. Dr. Light foot lias already given proof of his groat munificence, and of his scholarship ' there has novor boon any doubt. Prom grave to gay. The Oaks this year was not a gront raco by any moans — field small — quality moderate. Lord Falmouth's two fillies, Spinaway (1) and Lady Love (2), had it all thoir own way. No. 2 showed more musclo tlmn his companion. No. 1 was tho perfection of neatness throughout, with capital limbs. Tho groat racing week comes to an ond with no great memories be longing to it. Tlio fact that two such excellent examples of racing men as Princo Batthvany and Lord Falmouth , havo won tlio" Derby and tho Oaks is a jfJMBtjnot of oarnost congratulation to all valuo the cliarnotor and position of " tlio English Turf. Is Australian nows soon to roach us regularly via San Francisco and America? Tho Times of tho 20th re ports tlio arrival, at the Francisco, of tho s.s. Cyphrenes— Sydney, April 19th — Amorica, May 13th. At 2'30 on Saturday morning tho de termined and adventurous Captain Boy- ton completed his voyage across tlio Channel. He had medical attendance during tho long hours of liis oxposuro, and was twice rofroshod with toa and sandwiches, which ho had not tho trou ble of carrying himself. AVhon bo landed noar tho South Foreland; aftor boing nearly 24 hours afloat, lio had accomplished a highly successful advor- tisomont of his dress, which may bo usoful under vory different oiroumstan- co3. "We shall not bo sorry if Captain Boyton now rotiros from publicity. A moro prolonged susponso, if not a groator uncortninty, will bosot tlio fato of ©vory man ongngod in tho Arctio oxpodition, who loft Portsmouth at 4 o'clock on Saturday aftornoon. Tho officers and orows of tho Alort and Dis covery aro committed to thoir own re- sourcoa ; noithor thoy nor tho woll- wishors thoy loaro bohind know what adventures, dangors, or discovorios await thorn. Porliaps it must rost after all moro with circumstancos thanwith instructions, to dotormino wliothor a rush is to bo mado for tho Polo, or wliothor scionco will plead successfully for a littlo delay, whioh may onablo lior to make observations with sufficient accuracy, and gather precious facts with frozen fingors. Tho South Wales collieries' striko is ovor; clearly tho workmen knew both thoir strength and woaknoss. This is cloarly shown by tho torms of poaco. Tho laborers havo lost 3 millions of money, which thoy would havo received in tho shapo of wages during tho timo thoy woro on tho striko. A Royal Commission is promised in tho matter of vivisection. Lord Derby's speech on tho "war scare ; is more suitablo to modern fool ing in England than Lord Russell's traditional policy. It has oxcitod great attontion on tho Continent, as showing tho imminonco of tho danger of war, from which wo aro now, for a timo, froe. Things in the city this wook have boen most disturbed, and nothing liko it has boon known since tho groat Black Friday year. Tho expected collapse of tho Colossial Iron Companies — tho Abordoon and Plymouth — has taken place. Thoy do not fall alono, and tho city articles of the last few, and prob ably of tho next few, days will but bo gbastly dospatcbes of tho dead and woundod. Disclosures of a particu larly unpleasant nature aro lying hid, . surely, under this sontonco from Wed nesday's city article in tho l-imcs, " tlio names of two or three persons aro givou as likely to como to light in con- Rfimifmco of liavinff lont thoir credit, as a prop to tho Abordoon Company for 2 por cont. commission ! " The two com panies aro said to havo boon bankrupt tkoso fifteen years. 