THE AMERICAN REVIVALISTS. (From ihe Graphie.) Ween Messrs. Moody and Sankey first began their religious campaign in Scotland, Presbyterian prejudice ran very Btrongly against them, and it was even basely reported that the real object of Sankey' b tour was the introduction of a new patent harmonium in which he had largely specu lated. Learned Scotchmen talked wisely of the Revivalists of former times, and particularly of the Flagellants, who, in the Middle Ages, used to enter the great European cities in procession, two and two, singing hymns and lashing themselves with cords. The foundation of every monastic order had, said these gentlemen, been a revival of the Boman Catholic Church as the Wesleyari movement had been of the English Church, and In every case had been followed by a long, lull of increased indiffer ence. Others still paore opposed to Revivalisnr predicted hysterical votaries and a feverish period of epidemic religious excitement, violent while it lasted, but transitory in its results. There have,, indeed, always been two classes in our Church— those who think that conversion must be gradual, and those who think that it must be instantaneous. These two classes loudly revived the old con troversy when Messrs. Moody and Sankey com menced their missionary tour in Scotland: The result, however, has proved even to the most pre judiced, that the Revivalists have everywhere done more good than harm. Mr. Moody, who is about thirty-seven, was orginally, we believe, a farm labourer. Going to Boston about nineteen, he became a Sunday school teacher, and then served as clerk in a boot store in Chicago at a salary of several hundred dollars a year. Impelled by a fervent religious feeling which overpowered all meaner ambi tions, Moody suddenly threw up his situation, and turned Sunday- schoolteacher, with a class of eighty, children. During the Civil War he left every thing to attend to the sick and dying, and re turned to Chicago to see, in 1871, his church, school-house, and all that he had swept away by the tremendous fire that destroyed that precocious city. But nothing could withstand the energy ana self-devotedness of this born leader of men. A fine church, costing from £25,000, was soon in progress, a Sunday-school for 500 children arose from the ashes of the former one, the little class of ragamuffins in North Market Hall grew into the well-appointed Union Street Mission, his Christian Association became a ruling power in the American religious world. Chicago began to recognise his power. 'Crazy Moody, as he was called, when he threw up the twelve hundred dol lars and the boot store, became now known as ' Brother Moody,' a house was given him rent free, and his friends furnished it, and he now comes among us to -help to evangelise England, and to convert heathen as degraded as cannibals «nd as apparently irrecoverable as the Devil Worshippers of lands where Christianity has never visited. Nothing can be simpler or more unpre tending than these Revival meetings ; we went the other night to the Islington Agricultural Ball — a vast space which we found closely packed with some 16,900 persons— one side of the hall was boarded up, .and both sides were arched with gas, a brilliant cornice of which ran round the entire room. Texts of Scripture, with white letters upon a scarlet ground, met Ihe eye at every point, and on the north side was raised a platform lor the speakers and chosen visitors. Many in tellectual heads and pious thoughtful faces occu pied the front row, and I heard afterwards that the Lord Chancellor and many of the chief Dis senting ministers of London were present. It was a great host to command, but Mr. Moody was equal to the occasion, he mounted a ?sort of enclosed stand that had in its look, some what it must be confessed, of a penal character ; and giving out ''Hymn No. 14,' 10,000 voices l)roke out with the well-known words : — Tell me the old, old story Of unseen thugs above, Of Jesus and His glory, Of Jesus and Bis love. Then, as the last words of the chorus, Tell me the' old, old story Of Jesus and Sis love died away, Mr. Moody again stood forth, a strong made man of quite John Bull girth of chest, with handsome features and an immense brown beard — full of energy, straightforward common-sense, ?and a momentum that bore down all before it. He uses good Saxon English and simple words, favoured with a Massachusets dialect and a nasal intonation. There was no poetry, np use of rhe torical imageB, equally little logic-; but he told short, colloquial stories from his own experience in a clear, unaffected way, and occasionally struck home a truth with a blow as from a sledgeham mer. He is especially fond of working round tg a colloquial phrase, which arrests the_ attention, and print itself on the mind ; and, having got the die sharp and perfect, he stamps it in with the force of a Nasmyth. The following is a fair specimen of this marked feature of his style :— ' JesuB was always encouraging inquiry,' he said. Those who know the way should tell others; I've seen a young boy trying to get water from a street fountain who has found he was not tall enough to reach ; then asturdy man, passing by at the time, stops, dives his thumb straight on the plug, and out jets the water. Well, that's what we should all do ; when we've drank our selves, then we should pass it round — pass it round, pass it round (with a tremendous sweep of a huge arm) ! What we all want in this great city is to wake np — w&ke; up, wake up ' (almost in a rage) ! ? Mr. Moody . then called on Mr. Sankey to sing ' Jesus of Nazareth passeth by,' and that gentle man, a handsome man, with a Bismarck moustache but no beard, at once sang as a solo that beautiful hymn, in a clear far-reaching tenor that soared over the heads of the sixteen thousand intense listeners. The voice is not operatic in its character of cultivation, but it is capable of infinite changes of tenderness and pathos, and in the last verse it poured forth rejoicingly the triumphant words, beautifully articulated, Jesns of NsEareth passeth by. After a moment or two of silent prayer for the Divine blessing, Mr. Moody repeated the written requests for prayer which had that day arrived ; they comprised the requests of twelve mothers for their children, for four who had wanderer* from the fold, four who were inquiring the way to: eternal life, a mother and wife presented her. husband and five children for prayer, , a teacher for his Bible-class, six sisters for brothers, two. mothers presented by their children, five sisters that they might be brought to Christa prodical son, three aged persoiis without Christ, two ' TlPIfwrnft dviner without; Ond. a. uridrtw a AlArinrman TiavMvww yivvif is «? mmt for himself and people, the reporters of the. London -papers, three drunkards, one of whom bad been addicted to drink for fifty years. ' And let us pray,' said Mr. Moody, ' not for these poor drunkards alone, but for the drunkards of all London.' Mr. Moody then went on to relate his experience of the Inquiry Room. He remem bered on one occasion seeing a well-dressed man standing by the door, and he asked him if he was a Christian. The man, hearing this, uttered an oath and turned away. ' When children wake up you know they are often cross, and so it is with men awaking from sin, they are often cress too. It is a good sign that ; within a few weeks * after, the same man came to me after the sermon, and told me that he had at last discovered how great a sinner he was, and that he had prayed to God for mercy, and he believed found it. When 1 was in New York I visited the City Tombs, and finding that the prisoners had no chapel, I spoke to them through the - apertures of their cells. MB. SANKEY. When I had made a short discourse, I looked into the cell nearest to me, and found the prisoners all playing at cards. I went further, nothing doubt ' nig, and looking through a little wicket door, 1 saw a man with his elbows on his knees, and a stream of tears running down his cheeks, and I said to him, 'What is it that troubles you?' He looked up with a look of remorse, and despair, and said, ' Ah. sir, my sins^are more than I . can bear.' I said, ' Thank God for that.' ( Tou call yourself a friend,' said the poor prisoner, ' and you tell me to thank God for sins more than I can bear. I amnot able to bearthem.' ' I will bring you one,' I said, ' who is able to bear them.' ' Who is that V asked the convict, and I replied, * The Lord Jesus Christ.' Well, 1 tell you, my dear brethren, I held up Christ to that man — the worst man, as I was told, in the city of New York. I pressed the Cross to his heart; I repeated to him Christfe own words, ' Come unto me all ye that are heavy laden, and 1 will give you rest' I asked that man if he ever prayed, and he said he could not pray, and he would not even try to pray, though 1 persuaded him to do so. All he could do was to cry out, 'God be merciful to me, a sinner.' He gave me his hand out of the window, and a hot tear fell on my hand .and burned into my soul. That night, while I was praying for him in my hotel, as 1 told him, I should at a certain hour, I felt as though I must go back and see that man in the morning. I did go back, and I saw at once that the look of remorse and despair had gone, and that the face of that man was lighted up with a heavenly light I said to him, ' Tell me all about it,' and hie said, 'Last night, when in my cell praying — I don't know the time be cause they took my watch when I was brought here, but I think it was about midnight — the Lord Jesus Christ came to me, and since that moment I am the happiest man in New York' Do not let this night pass away from any of you without your accepting salvation. The Sen of Man is willing to save, and eveiy Man here knows that He iB able to save. Oh. let there be a cry from the Agricultural Hall this night of ' O Lord have mercy npon me.' Oh ! my friends, say over and over again, ' Lord havei mercy upon me.' Let your hearts be lifted up to Christ lu united prayer for every unsaved soul in this hall this night And now let us have a few moments of silent prayer.' Mr. Sankey then sang, with harmonium accom paniment and exquisite emphasis, the 43rd Hymn, commencing . There were ninety and nine that safely lay In tbe shelter of the fold, But one was ont on 'the hdls sway, Far off from the gates of gold. Away on the mountains wild asd ran, Away from the tender Shepherd's cms- , ' It was with great difficulty the audible appro val of the vast audience could he restrained, as Mr. Sankey, with inbreased pathos and power, gave the last verse maestoso — ? ! And all through the mountains, thunder riven, And np from the rocky steep.' ? Then rosea dry tothe gate of Heaven, ' Rejoice ! I have ftrand my eheep ! ' And the sngelB re-echoed around the throne, n Btjoiee, for the t-ord brings baok his own.' The following style of pulpit oratory, said to be a deliverance by Mr. ' Moody, is reported in the Daily News ' There's no new Gospel ; it's ihe old story. The world- of to-dajr is : Always running after something new ; but, if you come here expecting novelty, 1 tell you you'll. be' dis appointed. Our inessjsge is this same as that of these ministers ---and with, us it. is in weakness; too j for there's hundreds bf men in London can preach better nor we can, . What we want is to look right straight away from man, right straight up to God. If G6d's going to work in London, He must work in his own way, and all we're going to, do is to mark out channels fdr the Holy Ghost. God will take His choice of instruments and Tripana There's a monntain. God wants to thrash that mountain.. Well, He don't take up, an iron bar ; He ketches hold of a little worm to thrash that mountain, „ When God was going to destroy the world, He-did not warn a nation or the world, but d single man, whom: the nations held in contempt and jeered at Why, God's way; of delivering .the children of Israel was different altogether Irom what ours would have been. We'd have sent an army, or, if we'd been going to send a single man, we'd not have chosen one who'd been forty years. at the backside of the desert . But he sent a quiet, humble kind of man, one' whom we'd call, 1 suppose, a stuttering man, and he said, ' Tell them I AM.' That was a blank cheque which he was to fill in by and by with water, from the rock and inanna in the desert The man whom' God works with most is always considered by the world the greatest fool. £-noch wasn fc a bright man in the world, but God said, ' Come up here. Enoch ! ' Noah was the laughing-stock of his day. Look at Joshua, going tramping around the walls of Jericho blowing horns— the most absurd thing in the eyes of the world— downright ridiculous. Why, what would the English Frets have to say of such a crazy like proceeding ? Fancy the Archbishop of Canterbury trapezing round London, blowing hornB ! He'd have hadthe golden horns anyhow. Look at Samson— how he worked with the jawbone of an ass : he slew a thousand men. We don't like to go to work with the jawbone of an ass ; we'd prefer polished Weapons. But if we are to be in earnest, we must grab up the first jawbpne of an ass we chance on, and use it for God. Look at the seeming absurdity of a raven sent to feed the Prophet, and then the Prophet sent for foocL not to a place with wellfur nished tables, Dut to a poor widow, and she with a child. The Devil got his match when he got hold of John Biinyan, the Bedford tinker. X hope there may be a Bedford tinker here to-night, whom God will use for His service. A hundred such men as John Wesley would make the world tremble inside ef a twelvemonth. I'd give more forsuch a man as Saul of Tarsus now in London than for ten thousand such men as are now wholly for God, being mixed up with the world. London never saw the day it had so many great preachers as now; but it's not the eloquence of man, but the power of God breaking men's hearts, that does the busi ness. In all ages God has used seemingly weak human instruments ; I wonder he don't take the job out of our hands and give the work to angels. It's the heart for thp work that is wanted. It does not matter about the talents — God will find the talents. With pulpit and pew together Christianity should be like a red-hot ball rolling over tbe world, against which nothing can stand.' 