or ova native TIIIIKE. WrilTTHN »Y J E. CaLDBI!. (No. 6.) A military, but none too martial settler, had just ro far completed a residence on a new location as to make it passably habit able for himself and wife ; nnd in a placid mood of mind, such as steals over us when miite at neacc with ourselves and the world. was making an ocular survey of this con ception of his gcuuis. in company with the partner of his cares and troubles, just as a tribe ot natives, who approached it by the rear as stealthily as so many rats, had gotten possession of it by tlic back entry. Having satisfied himself by a minute ex amination of its front elevation, that every thing was quite to his mind, he retraced his steps to take another look at the internal arrangements, hut only to find every room occupied by a horde of stark nuked blacks, more like demons than beings of this world, as wild us'thc winds of winter, and armed at all points either for attack or defence. According to their crude ideas of enjoyment, they were very pleasantly occupied in turning everything topsy turvy, having a general rummngc, nnd helping themselves to what they liked best. At a scene so portentous ns this, the captain very naturally started, a good deal after the manner of Hamlet at the sight of his futhcr's ghost; but bis fears being more strongly upon him than those of the Dane, his placidity nnd pluck evaporated arm ns quickly ns if she hud the plague, made for the garden fence (to which he had secured bis Uor.-e not tcu minutes before) cleared it at one leap like n kangaroo, and next vaulting into the snddlc, the fine fellow was off with the velocity of Camilla herself, — or as McKay in his half poetical phrasetogy says, " lie hooked it," so quickly, that some of the natives coming out for a siiot at hiiu, went in! again at observing him quite out of range already. As lie was tearing along like the spectre huntsman and hell-dogs of Boccaccio, lie chanced to meet my honest friend McKay, who, accompanied by a lot of blacks, was in pursuit of the very tribe from whom the astounded shepherd- militant was fleeing like a mnrch-haic. Finding himseli placed as his disordered inmi;inution suggested, between two fires, namely, the vagabonds who hud captured his citadel following hard behind, whtlo another set of villuins were coming on him in front, the excessive peril of his situation as lie believed it, gave him a spark of that false courage that is generated liy despair ; and raising his gun, which everyone carried then, he wns about sending a shot through McKay, hut was thrown off his guard by the cool impudence of the latter, quietly enquiring "iVhat the devil had put him in such a flutter ?" An explanation now took plqcc that satisfied tlic military man he was in no danger from the new comers, and McKay who was then a match even for a professional walker, hurried rapidly forward to jibe rescue of the lady, whom her liusbaiiu lind left in the hands of the blacks. But they were gone ; and as she was no where to ;he found, , mi idea naturally arose that they had earned her off, and for a while the worst fears were entertained for her safety. But enquiry soon brought the fact to light, that after the captain's flight, the clatter of horses' hoofs and the shouts of riders were distinguished by the sharp- eared natives, and the greater part of tbcm made offin a body, but not quite all, a few groups of them still hovering about the premises like disappointed spirits. But directly the coast was thus far cleared and the premises vacated, the lady re-entered them alone, and securing n loaded pistol that her husband had left behind him in his precipitation, she marched undauntedly from room to room, nnd finally into one of the hack ones, of which the window wiis unglazcd, calico supplying temporarily the place of glass. As she outcrcd, she ob served the head of a black, who was out side, placed against the temporary weather screen as if lie were listening. The un flinching heroine walked straight to it and fired on him, but ns might be expected of one of her sex, unaccustomed to the use of arms, she missed him, aud he fled to the woods. The horsemen whose advance the natives had heard, now galloped up, and rescued the lady from her perilous position, and she was eventually restored by them to her recreant husband. (To he continued.) 