fROMiNENT GARIBALDI, SHORTLY after Garibaldi cam6 out of his retirement, less than twelve months past, and just before provision was made for his support, with the object of keeping him out of politics and mischief, he made a grand splutter about turning the Tiber from its course, and draining the marshes. After displaying his incapacity with the sword at the cost of the unfortunate French nation, he turned the undinted weapon into ploughshare, and when he found husbandry as unprofitable as war had been ingloriousto hiui he returned from Capraria to signalise himself as a benefactor to the Romans in the arts of peace. Then we heard of his grand scheme for draining the Pontine marshes, and for rendering the capital of United Italy one of the most salubrious cities in the south of Europe. Our big contemporary of Col lins-street heard of it quite as early, and in leading type extolled the genius and the enterprise of General Garibaldi, who, in the decline of his years was devoting his gigantic intellect to the accomplishment of a great engineering work that would confer an inestimable benefit on the emancipated people of Rome. Under the Papacy no thought had been taken for their health, comfort, or happiness, but now the Saviour of Italy was about to reclaim a great extent of waste land, and to relieve them from that unhealthy malaria, which at certain seasons of the year drove strangers from the city and Bent up the death-rate. In this strain the hero's projcct was extolled, and after indulging in a good laugh at the simplicity of this crazy old man's eulogist, we laid our hand on a long history of what successive Pope's had done to reclaim the marshes, and we ga ve some of the most important particulars to our readers. "We mentioned how much money had been spent on the work out of the small resources'; of the Sovereign Pontiffs, and how much good had been effected by them. Garibaldi had revived an old idea, and his well-informed worshippers at this side of the world applauded his originality 1 The first we hear of the matter after a long silence is that the General's project has ended in amoke. A Catholic contemporary (the New York Tablet) referring to the subject, says:— Garibaldi, after having made a grand Splurge about his projeots of changing the course of the Tiber, has been obliged to abanaon tbe idea of carrying them oat as Utterly impracticable. Tbe Popes, it appears, were right in not interfering with the river, for if it were turned from its natural course tbe quantity of decayed matter in its bed would CBUBB an epidemic in the city. Our roaders can form some idea of how great is the treasure said to exist at the bottom of the Tiber, when they are assured that ebout fifty years ago the Jews of Bome offered 20,000,000 fmucB to tbe Pope, to indnce him to allow them to clear the bed of the river, On condition that they might retain the gold Rnd silver they discovered. The works of art they were to give up, but the metal they Were to beep. The Sovereign Pontiff was obliged to refuse the tempting offer, owing to the danger the experiments might expose his Subjects to from the effeots of the miasmas rising from tbe river during the prooess of draining it. The treasures whioh are said to be at tbe bottom of the Tiber are those which, according to Boman history, have been thrown therein daring the sieges of the city; amongst other things whioh are certain to be found there one day, is the seven-branched oandlestick whioh onoe ornamented the temple of Jerusalem, and whioh waB thrown into the Tiber just below the Ponte Koto. The peculiar formation of this oelebrated liver is suoh that the gold and silver objects which have been caBt into it are pretty sure to be found just about where they fell. It is believed tbat gold and silver coins, vessels, vases, jewels, and works of art axe still deeply buried in the mud of the river, but cannot be touohed owing to the danger before alluded to. A change of Ministry has taken SPAIN, place in thiB country and the Liberals have at last acquired the entire control of affairs. It iB asserted that this change was owing to the determination of the Liberal section of the late Ministry to introduce universal suffrage. Probably it is not a mere coincidence that just as some successes had been gained over the Carlists that peculiar coalition broke up. The new Prime Minister, General Jovellar, is a leading Liberal It is probable tbat as in tLe time of the Republic, the country will witness, like a series of dissolving views, a succession of Liberal Ministries unable to consolidate the 8tate. The recent levy of 100,000 men is not expected to yield more than half that number of raw lads. We find that the poor peasant prays to God and His saints, and the Virgin Mother, that another Quinta may not come and take away his boy of eighteen summers, and the hard-worked, anxious tradesman hopes he may not have to pay over to the Government, as the price of his - exemption, the first fifty pounds be has ever saved. Already tbe Liberal Ministry is at variance with the Nuncio, and it is not improbable that its action will lead to a rupture with the Holy See. The latter has judged it to be its duty to protest against the 11th Article of the proposed Spanish Constitution, which seems explicitly to sanction the external exercise of any form of worship. But it must be borne in mind that a real practical unity of religion has hitherto existed in Spain in a sense in which it is to be found in scarcely any other land. It would seem as if the Liberals desire to legalize the liberty of perdition; but though the concordat was restricted by the Liberals some years ago it must be con sidered to be still in force—it was a mutual contract between the Holy See and the State. Hence the latter has no moral right to abrogate it without consulting the other party to the compact* The Liberals, of course, plead accomplished facts; but, when the latter present an obstacle to their ascendancy, they usually resort to sedition and rebellion. In all probability the Alfonsist movement has only retarded the ultimate success of the Carlists, and in its endeavours to crush them the Spanish Government will precipitate its own overthrow. Socialisn is scotched, but not killed. In September last a large quantity of arms and ammunition were found in Madrid by the police. It cannot be forgotten how, when Spain seemed to have lost all spirit and to hare sunk under the tyranny of an audacious handful of Liberals, the Carlists raised the standard of resistance on the historic mountains of the north. All the military resources of the Madrid Government will be unable to dislodge them therelrom. "Even their failures become successes, as being necessary steps in a coursc, and as terms (so to say) in a long series, which will at length fulfil the object which they propose." It is worthy of note that the Voce della Veriia, of Bome, edited by the widely venerated Monsignor Nardi, retains its opinion tliat the Carlist cause is identical with that of Catholicism and true liberty. IT is said that in the course of LONG a week or two the report of JAYED the Education Department for POBT. 1874 will be issued, and we hope there will be no disappointment in the matter. The officers within whose duties its production comes have certainly had ample time for its preparation, nearly eleven months of 1875 having already passed. But perhaps these entlemen resolved to make the report for 1874 more complete than any that has been issued since the present Act came into force, and as there was much room for improvement of that kind, if it be found that it has been effected, people will not much regret the extraordinary delay that has taken place. It is quite certain that the document, when it doeB see the light, will be subjected to severe criticism, even in quarters where there is a friendly feeling to the Act, but we scarcely think that prospect will restrain Mr. Venables from giving all the information for which persons interested in the subject will look. The discontent of the Age with the measure is growing fast, as may be seen from this extract from a recent number of that journal :— The Education Act, as administered by Mr. Bameay, threatens to be as great a sham as when Mr. Mackay was at the head of the department. It is idle to quote a lengthy array of figures, or to boast of the number of children who attend the Government sohools, while the very olass in whose especial behalf the measure was framed is conspicuous byjits absence. The large'amount Bpent annually by the State can only be justified upon the ground tbat it is improving the educational status of the people; it was never intended that persons who are well able to pay for the education of their sons and daughters should have what is a duty, and Bdould be a pleasure, taken out of their hands by the Government. We have never shut our eyes to the faot that the compulsory olause is the main feature of tbe Act, and was the principal object whioh its trainers bad in view. Education was to be made free and secular simply because without those provisions it could not be made oompulsory. It was never intended that the less important provisions shonld be carried out, and the most vital ignored, npon the mere ipse dixit of the Minister of Education. MB. BENJAMIN EOUOLAEB IHPABTIAL T polled a respeotable number of votes at Warrnambool, and some of the papers in the diBtriok whioh are reputed organs of the " Liberal party," to whioh Mr. Douglass has the honour to belong, olaimed that their cause had made headway in that constituency. What that cause is we cannot undertake to explain, but anyone who understands Mr. Graham Berry, who is its leader, understands all about it, and only those who have studied and who admire that profound politician, take any interest in the subject. However, tbe Daily Telegraph would not have it that the liberal cause had made any progress in Warrnambool, and now we oome to the question. The Telegraph accounts for the unexpected support Mr. Douglass got by saying that he consented to barter away the Education Act for tbe Catholic support, and that he sacrificed his principles for a word from the altar from Dean Slattery. And this is how the Belfast Banner contradicts the statement and crushes the falsehood :— "We are in aposition to give the Telegraph's statements a most emphatic contradiction, and to state that in lieu of Mr. Douglass ' bartering away' bis principles as regards the Ejucation Act, he expressed himself in the plainest and most unequivocal termB in its favour. The Boman Catholic Clergy of Warrnambool took no active part in the contest whatever; they did not announce anything from the altar for Mr. Douglass or agninst Sir James M'C'ullocb, but maintained a strict neutrality. To show the utter absurdity and untruthfulness of the Telegraph's statements we may stete that some of the leading members of tbe Boman Catholic party at Warrnambool, exerted themselves to their utmost in Sir James M'Culloch's behalf." It was well known that the Catholics of Ballarat were supporting Mr. JoneB, and also why they were supporting him, and the Ministerial Telegraph took good care to say nothing that would discourage them from doing so, or that would injure him with either party. What the Telegraph regarded as treachery on the part of Mr. Douglass, whose politics were anti-ministerial, was quite harmless in Mr. JoneB's case, the latter gentleman being on the Bide of that journal. The difference in their colours made everything else different in the eyes of the Telegraph, though to other people either less interested or less excited on the subject, the two candidates were very much alike on one point, and tbat was precisely the one on which the Collinsstreet oracle condemned Mr. Douglass and acquitted Mr. Jones. IN last week's paper we " A TEBBIBLG reprinted from the Weekly ACCUSATION." Register a letter from its New York correspondent, in which, on the authority of the venerable Thurlow Weed, it is said that about half a century ago a mason who was about to reveal the secrets of the sect was done away with. We do not ask our readers to credit the story, and do not ourselves consider that one of the kind should be credited on evidence weak in any particular. But the fact being somewhat curious, we may mention that in a work entitled " Ship and Shore," by the Rev. Walter Colton, of the United States Navy, allusion is made to the alleged murder of Morgan in the following terms:— But it is not a fact, as stated, that no one of these spectres has appeared in the daytime. When Morgan was put to death on the strand of Niagara for his treachery, and his body sank in that stream, there appeared hovering around tbe place an uncorporeal being, so like him in every look, that no one questioned the identity or doubted the tragic deed. The discovery filled everybody with consternation; and the whole land shook like the bones of a skeleton under a galvanic battery. Thousands not only abjured masonry, but renounced their political faith. I made myself a palpitating pilgrimage to Niagara. Ay—and I never shall forget that vision 1 There walks o'er steep Niagara's wave A ghost, whose form hath found a grave, Deep in those whelming tides; Its feathered footsteps scarcely seem To bend the surface of the stream, O'er whioh this phantom glides. Around it there is cast a shroud, That seems more like a folding cloud, Than aught that mortals wear; Its downcast eye, its faded cheek, Its pale and trembling lips beBpeak A spirit of despair. It moanB a hoarse and hollow wail. That mingles with the gusty gale, And with the rumbling flood; It points toward the crimsoned shore, And shrieks, as if it felt onoe more The knife that drank its blood. Its wail is eohoed wild and wide, From rock, and steep, and bounding tide, Around that haunted coast; And fearful mothers, trembling, tell Their little ones how Morgan fell. And of this wandering ghost. Along that fatal shore is heard No more the song of merry bird, Or sound of hunter's born; The faithful watch-dog seems afraid Of every sound tbat stirs the shade, And bays till peep of morn. No mora can sun, nor lunar beam, Erect a rainbow o'er that stream, From whioh tbe fish have fled; Bat there a little cloud appears, And sheds its unregarded tears, Like one that weepB the dead. THE policy of the EduaarAVOtramsu. tion Department is to increase by every means possible the burden whioh Catholics, through being foroed to maintain a separate system of school instruction, have to bear. In illustration of tnis feet, we «ay refer to an explanation given by the Government in the House on Wednesday evening. The reason given for withdrawing aid fw^ the girlsschool at the St. Vincent de Pad • Orphanage was that there was room lor the children in a State ^school which has been planted i„ the neighbourhood. In America? to whi£ onr Secularists are in the habit of r 6 f S a ? ode I * n matters relating to p r S education, the rearing and education destitute children is confided to denominational institutions; but till the evil a secular system have ripened here as Li have there, we need not hops that our On* vemment will follow that excellent example' It would not, however.be too much to expect of it that it would evince no hostility toan' charitable institution exi 8ting for saeh I purpose yet the school at Emerald Hill where the Sisters of Mercy instruct CathT he orphan girls has been treated in that spirit. Indeed, there are reasons for believing that it has been so treated because it is a Catbolio school. If tbat be not tbe ca Be wh, has the school at the » " • ' been taken by the Education Department uu lease ? Could not the orphans taught there be as well sent to the State school as the other orphans at the Catholic establishment could bo ? Is it credible that the school at the Pro testant Orphanage will be conducted on strictly secular principles, or is it consistent with the spirit of tbe Act that those who have charge of the Protestant orphans in a spiritual as well as a material sense, should be intrusted with their instruction in a secular State school? There is no service the Government could render the Protestant institution tliat we would not sincerely rejoice at if it wne not done through favouritism; but the preference bestowed in this instance on Protestantism ig not a singular instance of the kind, and we therefore, feel called upon to protest against it. Preferences of this kind have become common in the practice of tlie Education • Department. St. Patrick's School, and that of St. Peter and Paul's are about equi-distaut from the Model school yet the capitation fee was withdrawn from the former and left with the latter, which belongs to by far the richer denomination. Entertaining, as we do, a sincere respect for the Rev. Mr. Handfield, we should be sorry to charge him in this matter with having exercised an undue influence with his relative, an influential member of the Eda. cation Department. There is no occasion to refer to personal considerations the favour with which the Church of England school has been treated. That common rule of action, by which it is sought to crush Catholic opposition to the Act, explains it. If there were any doubt on that point the exceptional attention which the interests of one of the teachers who left St. Patrick's school received, would speedily and effectually remove it. As there was no opening in which this person could be at once placed he was allowed to move about in the Model School, with no fixed duties to perform, and with no particular purpose to fulfil. As a desirable recruit, who by joining the secular party bad embarrassed the enemy, he was kept on free quarters, with little or nothing to do, till a billet, where he might earn his bread, could be found for him. In the withdrawal of the capitation fee our schools are everywhere the first to suffer, and every allurement that can be held out to our teachers is offered them. By these means our burden is increased, with the object of forcing ns into submission. Such favouritism and harsh treatment is exasperating, but its only effect will be to impress bitterly on the Catholic wind that the secularists are animated above all things by a hostility to the Catholic Church, and by a wish to destroy the Catholic faith of the rising generation. 