CBáEGEjtf LIBÉL. Yesterday, at the East Maitland Police Couit, before Mr. S. Scholey, J,P., and Mr. T. W. Pearse, J P., James Robert Thackeray and John Mdler Sweet appeared to answer a charge of libel. Mr. JR. W. Thompson appeared for the prosecution, and Mr. H. Levien for the de'endants. The case was first called on before Mr. Scholey alone, and argument arose out of a formal applica- tion by Mr. Levien-to have the hearing adjourned to Waratab,-as the place-for-holding the Court oí Petty Sessions nearest, io .the place where the libel had been published-Wallsend. Mr. Scholey was dis- posed to grant the .application, wbich was opposed by Mr. Thompson, on tbe ground that his Worshiphad no ppwei to ad}omn,to another court unless by con- sent of both parties, but eventually, as Mr. Scholes positively declined to adjudicate m so important a matter by himself, he agreed to adjourn the hearing for half an hour, that opportunity might be given for the arrival of a second magistrate. Before the time expired, Mr. Pearse carne, and the case was again called. Mr. Levien wished to make some observations be- fore the information was read. He thought that the better course for the safety of their worships. Mr. Thompson said there was nothing before the court to make any observations upon, or for their worships to deal with, till the information was read. The Bench: Read the information, Mr. Deloher . The Clerk of thebench then read the information, which was as follows : COPY OF THE INFORMATION. " New South Wales Maitland; to wit. Be it re- membered that on this eighteenth day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy- five Carl frederick Soiling of West Maitland in the colony of New South Wales solicitor personally came and appeared before me the undersigned one of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the colony of New South Wales and complained to and informed me that on or about the twenty-fourth day of April last one James Robert Thackeray and one John Millar Sweet 'unlawfully wickedly and maliciously intending to injure vilify and prejudice one Carl Frederick Soi- ling and to deprive 'him of bis good name fame credit and reputation and to bring him into public contempt acaudal infamy and disgrace and to injure bim in his business as an attorney of tbe Supreme Courtxif Mew South Wales and in his position ot Churchwarden o£ the parish of St. Paul West Mait- land did unlawfully wickedly and maliciously write print and publish and cause and procure to be written printed and published a false scandalous malicious and .defamatory libel in the form of a lec- ture called the Revival of the Spanish Inquisition in the diocese pf Newcastle and the Truth the whole Truth and nothing but the Truth containing divers false scandalous malicious and defamatory matters and things of and concerning the said Carl Frederick Soiling m certain pares of the said lecture according to the tenour and effect following, that is to say, Mr. Thackeray said I have invited you to meet me here to- night because after a residence of more than nineteen years among you I am about to retire from public life.' I desire to meet you also in order that you may know the Truth with reference to the unhappy differences wbich have occurred between the Bishop of Newcastle and bia emissaries (meaning thereby amongst other persons the said Carl Frederick Sol ling) and myself (meaning the said James Robert Thackeray) on tbe other. The motto that 1 have chosen bas been selected for several reasons,' among' which may be mentioned that while as a rule the truth is seldom beard among us in this particular case the widest statements (meaning thereby statements made by the said Carl Frederick. Soiling and others with regard to 'the character and conduct of the said James Robert Thackeray) have been circulated and believed I shall have to say hard things doubtless and I must expose villainy of no ordinary type (meaning thereby that the said Carl Frederick Soiling with others had been guilty of such villainy towards the said James Robert Thackeray) and such as (meaning such villainy as) let us be thankful to know.does not often occur so. openly in any civilized community. I will promise to lay before you plainly and with- out the shadow of a doubt as une a specimen of cold-blooded cruelty and oppression and persecution as bas'been-known to exist since the downfall of the Spanish Inquisition (meaning thereby that the said Carl Frederick Soiling with others had been guilty of such cold-blooded cruelty oppression and per- secution towards the said Robert James Thackeray). I know it will be again said as it has been said before such a state of things c innot be It is dot likely that a Christian Bishop (meaning the Lord Bishop of Newcastle) could descend so low as.to use such dirty tools (meaning that the said Carl Frederick Soiling had been used with others as an instrument to further certain base and unworthy objects and purposes against tbe said James Robert Thackeray) even for the furtherance of his own ends. When there- fore these gentlemen (meaning the said Curl Frederick Soiling and william Rapsey Bird and Edward Elmes Wright the Churchwardens of the Parish of St.' Paul West Maitland) denied most solemnly .and then collectively and before witnesses any'knowledge of the matter at all and expressed at the sante time sincere and undying friendship to me, I considered myself absolved from my conditional grornise It appears from the evidence of Bishop Tyrrell (meaning the Lord Bishop of Newcastle) given at East Maitland afterwards that Soiling (meaning the said Call Frederick Soiling) informed him of certain scandalous reports regarding the lady (meaning -) and myself and the result w.is a specific charge. The man Robinson was put into the witness-box (meaning the witness-box at the eourt-house East Maitland) but they did not dare to ask bim what be had said well knowing that we were prepared to show that he was a man utterly j unprincipled one who for years had been engaged as a paid spy so that no one would believe bim on his oath. -That be bad acknowledged to several persons Who were there to prove his statements that he had been engaged by the man Soiling for the work he undertook and that he had received ten pounds for his services (meaning thereby that the said Carl Frederick Soiling well-knowing the character of the said Robinson and wickedly and criminally desiring to procure tbe said_ Robinson to perjure himself on his bath in the said box in the matter of certain statements made by the said Robinson to the said Carl Frederick Soiling as to certain indecent and immoral conduct of the said James Robert Thackeray with the said-had engaged the said Robinson to commit the said perjury and had paid bim ¿'10 for undertaking to commit such perjury) And as for tbe man Soiling himself you will recollect that he confessed to the Bishop's counsel that he had been engaged in peeping about in women's clothes with his eye to keyeholea, aud bis'qar to windows in the hope that he'would, be able to find out something to my detriment at the' same tipie professing undying friendship to me (meaning thereby that the said Carl Frederick Soiling had admitted upon oath in a certain casein whïcb~one Sydney Cowper Pbilpotts and Mrs. Pbilpotts were plaintiffs and the said Lord Bishop of Newcastle was Defendant and iiiyrhjch case he was called as a Witness that he had acted in .an indecent improper and unmanly manner by dressing "himself in women's clothes with his eye to keyholes and his ear to windows in the hope that be would be able to find out something to the damage or prejudice of the said James Bobert Thackeray and at the Bama time that he was guilty of snch conduct he professed undying friendship for the Bald "James^HObert Thackeray) An English- man would never have been guilty of such atrocity (meaning thereby that the said conduct of the said Carl Frederic Soiling had been atrocious and wicked m the highest degree) The very respectable and distinguished foreigner Soiling the Bishop's Church- warden of whom it was said in Court Thank God you are not an Englishman (meaning thereby that the said Carl Frederick Soiling was a disreputable and degraded foreigner who was not worthy or fitted to be a Churchwarden and who was not worthj enough to be an Englishman) With respect to the other two (meaning thereby the said Carl Frederick Soiling and one Richard Windeyer Thompson two of the presenters of a series of charges made against the said James Robert Thackeray). It being a mere matter of business and payment for work done however dirty their* part is easily understood (meaning therebjr that the Said Carl Frederick Boiling as'an'Attorney of the Supreme Court of New South Wales had boen guilty of improperly joining in the said presentment for pay with intent to injure the said James Bóbert Thackeray well knowing that the said charges were untrue and that the pro- ceedings in connexion with the said presentment were dirty and disreputable orfthe part of the said Carl Fredenck Soiling 7rom his knowledge afore- said and.that such dirty and disreputable work was a part of the business of the said Carl Frederick Soiling) And this in the name of religion and if not directed by ^ Christian Bishop at least these outrages (meaning certain proceedings beforementioned in the said libel) were the outcome of the conduct of those employed'by bim (meaning thereby that tbe said out- rages were caused by tbe conduct of the said Curl Fredenck Soiling as 'one of those persons employed by the Lord Bishop of £ ewcostle) The reason that I know that this particular day was chosen to lix upon me this disgrace is this An anonymous letter was thruflt'uiider the door stating that Soiling my friend Soiling was. about 'with his ear to the airholes and his eye to the key holes that he was disguised in women's clothes and that my every action WOB watched {meaning thereby that the said Carl Frede- rick Soiling yvhilet professing to' be the friend of the said James Bobert Thackeray was m reality his enemy and that he was prying about in an indedeht7 unmanly and Improper manner dressed in women's clothes eavesdropping and watching- tb% proceedings of the said James , Bcmert,'TPhkfek5ray) A man cannot be so vile as to fabricate entirely statements of 90 gross a character even though he be well paid for them (meaning: thereby the said Carl Frederick Soiling had paid the said Robinson a large sum to fabricate certain fies Jwuich as the said James Bobert Thackeray alleged had been told by the said Robinson as. te «the said improper indecent and immoral behaviour of the said James Bobert Thackeray sïfth the said -r;-) I have been awakened in the dead of night to find eight or, tea police officers around my house and cn enquiring the"reason have been, told (meaning by the said police officers) that Soiling had rushed up to the station w?th a story that I waa removing the -stcne-puJiut or the organ or some other light piece of Church furniture while all the time I was fast asleep in bed and the result of all this (meaning among other things the conduct of the said Carl Frederick Soiling towards and against the said James Bobert Thackeray as hereinbefore men- tioned} thaf _I am deprived of my living in- come swept ¿way and driven forth as a wan- derer on the fade of the earth (meaning that these wrongs and jnj unes were tbe effects amongst other things,'of. the said conduct of the said Carl Frederick S,oJíing) Df.r Tfright was' one of the Churchwardens at the commencement of this unhappy and miserable contention and, having found that 1 had wronged him by subposiijíg' jiim to be guilty of the same atrocity as Soiling and Bird (meaning thereby that the con- duct of the. jäftisL Carl Frederick Soiling in con- junction, wijh Ü¡e said William Bapsey Bird had' bead atrocious in their position as Church- wardens towards the said James Bobert Thacke- ray as their minister) I addressed' to bim a latter 'of whidh the following ' is a copy which letter contained amongst other things words following) ' Tutu will readily understand that I looked on you. with distrust more especially when the other Churchwardens (meaning the said Carl Frederick %ggng and the said Wii|iam Bapsey Bird) were acting with the blackest treachery (meaning treiohery towards the said James Robert Thackeruj ) yet at the same time professing eternal friendship be the said James Robert Thackeray and he the s ud John Miller Sweet well knowing the said defamatorj libel to be false and contrary to the Act in that case made and provided, whereupon the said Cm Frederick Soiling praj s that I the said justice will proceed in the piemises according to law and i«stu my summoi s to the said James Robert Thickuw and John Miller Sweet tailing upon them to answet the stud charge. " C. F. SOLLIT,G. " Exhibited at Maitland the day first above written, befoie me. "W.H. SMITH, J P." Mr. Levien submitted that the bench could not proceed m the case, either to adjourn it or to adjudi- cate upon it, because there was au information hied at YVest Maitland relating to the same charge. Hi submitted, therefore, as a matter of law, that these defendants could not answer two informations at one and the same time. The other information was now in existence, and under such peculiar cucum stances he hoped the bench would not interfere with the case m auy waj The defend tuts were called upon to nnswer the information before Mi. Robert- son at WestMtitland Mr. Robertson postponed the case till the Thursday following. It was called on the Mondaj, and postponed till the Thurs d ly. On the Thursday Mr. Mullen was the sitting magistrate. The plaintiff did not ask bim to go on with the case Mr. Mullen te tired from the bench, but the case did not lapse. His (Mr. Levien's) clients were there. Until twentj-foui horns had elapsed, the information could not lapse. The defendants were there to answer the charge. That information was still in existence. The plaintiff could, if he had pleased, have compelled Mr. Mullen to hear that information which was now lying at the West Maitland court-house, and was the subject of this unhappy prosecution. As that informa- tion was in existence, the defendants ought not to- be subjected to this extraordinary treatment They might be called upon to answer that first in- formation to-morrow. Unless Mr. Thompson could show by some absolute authority that the first in- formation had lapsed, he submitted that their Wor- ships would not hear this case or deal with it at all, either one way or another. It would be haid for the defend rats to answer four or ni a intormutious at one and the same time. The plaintiff might luy another information, and if it lapsed, might go to YVest Maitland for justice uuder the first informa- tion. There was no proof that it bad lapsed, and it was still in existence. Mr. Thompson thought his learned friend had raised a ghost for the purpose of la} ing it. He had referred to an adjournment, but no application had been made for au adjournment He also said that there was no proof that the mformation at YVest Maitland had lapsed. Their Worships bad no proof, except his learned friend's bare word, that that infor- mation had ever been in existence, while they bad proof of the existence of the piesent information It was said that Mr. Mullen could have been com- pelled by mandamus to hear the case at West Mait- land. But Mr. Mullen had very properly refused to sit, having been solicitor for Mr. Thackeray in soino of the matters out of which the libel had arisen, and no court in the Empire would have compelled Mi. Mullen, under such circumstances, to hear the case What had happened was this: Mr. Mullen had declined to hear the case, and he (Mr. Thompson) had at first tried to arrange foi an adjournment to a day to which both sides could agree. " Or," he said, "shall we let it lapsed" Mr. Levien had replied, " Let it lapse," and the case had lapsed. There was nothing in the objection that had been raised. Mr. Levien, m îeply, contended that Mr. Thompson had not touched the question he had laised-was the first information still in existence P Mr. Pearse It is useless, Mr. Levien, to waste our time. There is no evidence of any formel informa- tion being m existence. Mr. Scholey : You have not proved that. Mr. Levien : I will put Mr. Ûeloherv lu the bo^ to show that an intormation is now hin» at West Maitland. Mr. Thompson : I will admit that there was a for- mer information, Mr. Levien : That is all I want. Mr. Scholey : The bench have decided to adjourn this case for eight daj s. Mr. Thompson : Do not do that, I cannot possibly be here. Mr. Pearse said that he would not sit on the case. By the time the eight dajs bad expired, tUe Poliee Magistrate-wnuld be in Maitland, and he would be the fittest person to hear it. Mr. Levien asked lor an adjournment for eight day s, on the understanding that the c isa should cou.o for hearing at West Maitland. Mr. Thompson : 1 submit that you are compelled to go on-that it is youl sworn duty to go on with the matter. I am not m a position to consent to au adjournment at all. some further conversation took place, and the matter ended by both sides consenting to an ad- journment till Mondaj', July 2bth, at West Maitland But as the bench had only a power to postpone foi eight days, that power was exercised, with the understanding that the postponement should be re- newed from week to week till the day of hearing. The case therefore nows stands adjourned till Fudaj next at East Maitland. 