SPORTING NOTES FROM ENGLAND. By " Pod Argus." LONDON, 19ih February, 1876. HUNTING. Open weather has failed to evoke anything extra ordinary in the shape of runs. It was not expected to do so in East Kent, where the destruction of foxes still goes on by the aid of strychnine and steeltraps. Bach i6 the anticipated great scarcity of game in Ire- land from divers causes that the Earl of 8hannon has thrown up hunting in Erin's isle, and brought over his pack of hounds to England. He was a candidate for the mastership of the Herts Hunt, vacant by the resignation of Mr. Gerard Leigh, to fill which post the greatest number of votes was given to Mr. Piatt. The death of the Earl of Yarborough, a warm patron of the chase, has just occurred ; and an accident to the Bev. C. Wilkinson, while out with the Bramham Moor hounds (Yorkshire), terminated fatally on the 4th, in his eightieth year. Writing of patriarchs it. the field, or rather vanishing from if, reminds me that not yery long ago there appealed in these columns a notice of the death of Mr. Richard JSloxsidge, an olc Worcestershire worthy, frequently ouc with the local pack, and well posted in everything appertaining to I horseflesh. His relatives resident at the antipodes will doubtlesB be interested to hear that one of the deceased gentleman's oldest acquaintances, Mr. John Parker, who fifty years since was master of the hounds, has also paid the debt of nature. Born in 1792, he became early enamoured with chasing the fox, and fought a duel in 1827, with John Somerset Rissell, Esq. (now Lord Hampton), over some dispute co learning the hunt. Fast living and keeping too etoensive company reduced " portly John " to sad Itra.ts in the down hill journey of Hie. Five years ago his reason gave wav, and he became an inmate ef the MiUttty Asylum, where he breathed his 1-st en the 29th January, and was buripd ia Powick churchyard. AQUATICS. The Universities' Boat Race, on 20th March, like the early spring events oa shore, will have ceased to i iterest here when this comes tc hand. Disappoint ments in the intended Cambridge crew since my last has changed the tone, and the oetting is now 6 to 4 on Oxford. On the 22nd, Sadler, the champion, is to row Boyd, the Newcastle sculler, one mile, on the Tyne. ' BILLIARDS, In London on the 25th January was commenced the first handicap played here on the American system between eight picked men. They were W Cook, J.Roberts, jun.f and Jos. Bennett, scratch: T. Taylor, 100; S. W. Stanley, 120; W. TimbrelL 140; T. Kilkenny, 160; A. Bennett, 16 The sstem is that each plays in turn and becomes the opponent ot the others engaged, the player who scores the greatest number of games being declared the winner. The game was 600 up, and four heats were got through per diem. The Brothers Bennett opened the ball Joseph winning by 176 points. In tae second heat Stanley beat Roberts by 46 points after which Taylor, a promising youug d£ posed of Kilkenny; and the first nay eoncuiedby t cmpion detesting Timbrell „v 112— Cook's best breaks being 181, including 51 spots Second Day : Taylor, with a break ot 243 tae highest bade, easily beat Timbrell, and then Cook went down before A. Bennett by 164. Stanley, the favoari;» at Starting, next played well, and beat Kilkenny by 195 points ; anri by 81 Roberts beat Jos. Bennett. Third Day : Timbrell atid Cook each won their heats well and although Timbrell was unwell on the fourth day' he succeeded in beating A. Bennett in a good game by 10 points. Roberts won his next tria< by 147 points, and after Stanley had bested Jos. Bennett, came the heat between Cook and Taylor. The cham- pion, hewever, never had the ghost of a chance, the other winning by 268 points. Fifth Day: A. enuett beat Taylor ; and Cook, taking fresh heart. fot jd of Stanley. Sixth Day ; A. Bennett, f.K.n ff08'..: ellmefct,J Roberts, winners, the latter Batata ®atmg aylr by 21 points, after an exciting wnth : The »ult a dead heat fo? SvKnlm66?®08 and A- Bennett. Cook, th/v SwM1 a i?.ley havmS tied for the third prize, B/y : 2 to 1 on Roberts fo after scoring' the 11 AO4?!1-7 thK>ughoufc, ftnd doubt, and af vL i theissue was never in won by 141 noinL T9 t> ne heur'B Huberts Wpad prise. of course, taking 