GHOSTS AT WIOKHAM TERRACE. TO THB BDITOB OP THE ' TBLfeGBAPH.' ;Sm, — You may believe it!, he is a rough haired blaok and tan cattle dog, with & whito throat and a biggish tail, nnd he lives with his master not a hundred mileB from the Obaorva tory, Wiokliam Terrace. He (the dbg and not the master) is seldom seen and never heard in daylight, but as soon as the sleepy noighboura have blown out their bedroom candlos then he ' wires in.' Dogs, they say, can see ghostB when men cannot j and any one rising from bed at midnight to watoh this ono would lav any money on it. There can be ' no error' about it ; there must be a ghostly mob of cattle which (invisible to men's eyeB) run round Wiok ham Terrace at night, and this ' honest doggie' dooms it his duty to 'tail' them, with aceaBe less howling and barking .accompaniment. To the merely uninitiated watoher our canine friend appoars to be ohasing madly after, and howling and barkingat— nothing. But, depend upon it, Sir, it is that phantom mob of cattle he is pur suing. Ho comes past your house with a bark and a rush, and a whirr, and is anything but ghostly, or unreal, himself, and you have the serene satisfaction of knowing, as ho wakes you up .tor tlio tuird or cno.tturt.iecu time, cuai ne win have completed his round after the speotre cattle in about ten minutes time, via Leiohhardt street, and will be baok just in time to ropeat the dose da capo, and rouse you up just as you are 'dropping off' again, thus neatly com 'bining the maximum of aggravation for you ? with the minimum of sloop. You might -possibly, by drinking two quart, bottles of ' Pig brand' ut bed time, plugging your, ears with tho corks, manage to sleep through this ' Erl King' hunt, but moat people don't do thiB, and, sad to rolate, they aro suob horrid scopticB about Wiokham Terraoo, that they don't believe in apparitions at all, ''and they actually go so far as to say, that, as - the Bpirit cattle, at any rate make no noise and flnn'fc disturb anvono. that it would be iua'h an well to ' let them Bwoat,' and for this uncom monly audible and visible dog ' nuisance,'— that's what they call him — to. be tied up or shot, or hanged, or drowned, or sonfc per railway to Jerioho, beyond Jordan, or something in that lino. ' And thus it-comes to pass that a phenomenon moat interesting to the ' epiritiBt' world, to the students of natural history, and to those who soar after a knowlodge of the invisiblo, is not only altogether thrown away upon, but distinctly called an (adjootivo) ' nuisance' ? of all things, by the plodding humdrum, common plnco and unbelieving inhabitants of the bo niglitod electorate of Wiokham. — Yours, &c;, : A lODNIOTT WATCHER, 