ii fc~ n«lt ibifel&WnW57;^1.1 vz i ,***. *±*t ^ i tii % eao-W^«o fca wbww ^ *** Stated'On >some ofithe tsd «Pote, Md an attempt is to be *"* *i wllinever Desouna anal thecl&Y;'is removed and loam substituted. It will have tobe done, and might just as well bedone at once; Lang opened the proceed in (re by giving his string a tenter, and then & Waldock performad on the jumper Athlone, after which Welshman and Electric, who are evidently destined for Sydney, cantered righthanded, to the great danger of the homes that were galloping the other way. Calaba with bandages on, and Defiance with sweater*, did serviceable work twice ronnd, when Kamarooka joined the former and accompanied him a similar dis tance. Morrison on Mozart led Sovereign, the, Beatrice filly, and Chrysolite colt once round, the lot spurting np the straight I thought Sovereign bad a lot the best of the other young ones.' Lurline stripped, Sarin teterwitha hood on, and Dilkein his clothes, cantered twice rotuid; and then Sovereign, the Beatrioe filly. Chrysolite, and Mozart sported again. Stockbridge bad a mile and a half at a good pace, rind S. Mahon, on Comet accompanied a young Smuggler twice round. Southern Cross led Long's young ones a nice Bpurt, Crown Prince not moving so freely as usual The Tim Whitfier.Jessica colt sweated, and the smart Aruena colt and Jessica filly also did serviceable exercise. Polidori,- who indulged in a kicking per formance, had two rounds, the last at a good race; and Sunbeam, who is beginning to pick up again, led Bullion twice round, the last half-mile being done at a slashing pace, and the colt displayed considerable improve ment. King of Diamonds sweated, and was joined by My Idea daring the latter portion of the journey. The strapping Pioneer lolloped along in his usual style, Woods acting wisely in not sending him any pace, as the colt requires to be made up before he is fit for strong exercise. Dante, The Painter, and Canterbury performed a mile and a half at a slow pace, and then Envoy joined them for another rouDd, the quartette patting on the steam as they came up the-straight. Dante gallops with all the vigourand dash that he displayed when a two year old. Lang chose the inside gallop for the exer cise of his team, Don Giovanni leading Jupiter, Scanmag, Larrikin, the Alpaca filly, and a Tim Whiffler filly; Lang, on a grey, superintending the work. Don Giovanni already begins to look hard and muscular, and, if all goes well with him, he will be in great form by the Cup day. He moves very determinedly, and fairly revels in his work. Scanmag, too, is forward, and if hia legs stand the necessary preparation, Lang will have an excellent second string to his bow. Jnpiter is a plain bnt powerful son of Panic, and, if no racehorse on the fiat, should prove a very awkward customer over fences. While at Fiemington I notioed that Robert Mitchell was effecting several improvements at the Racecourse Hotel, and D. Callananhaserecfced four boxes, two of which will be occupied by Prodigious and Doribtfnl, both of whom I saw doing walking exercise at Ascot-vale. Additional, rubbing boxes;are required at Flemihgton, arid .the trainers have expressed a Wish.that a few more may be erected before thp Sydney horses put in anappearanoe. On Thursday morning, although it was cold and bleak, there were'60 or' 70 horses at work. Long's, Morrison's, Waldock'a,Sevior's, and Crlppes did useful exarcpe, arid Weaver, who is matched with Zoo, ran half a mile in excellent style. Mr. Hulrtle Fisher's horses were down and cantered. Dante, The ~ todCaritei!f*ryy8"eated, and " from, but the .morning was mHes, nearly a np&of; wllich was done at a slashing paoe. put nam never moved more determination, and the colt pedlike a racenprse, Mb Jong, sweeping, e being greatly admired by ths few present He sbilHolows a. little after his gaHop,1rat when eha&wned; up on the Band wick course, he will probably get rid of this thick-winded propensity. Mr. Dakin will leave on Tuesday in the Barrabool, and will take Lurline, Sunbeam, Bullion, and Mottes ton, the laStnamed to be returned to Judge Cheeks, owing to one of the Obit's legs having given signs of weakness. I believe Mr. Goy der's jumpers will take their departure later in the week. Fifty-eight acceptances for Hie Melbourne Cup may be regarded as a compliment to Mr. Barnard. Mr. S. Gardiner did not accept with anything, Lurline being leftout because bet owner intends to*end*er to Tim Peer after the mare returns frota Sydney, though I believe Bullionand Sunbeam were omitted through the owner not noticing the meagre announcement of the acceptances. I did not expect to see The Diver among the non contents, but Mr. Lloyd, after carefully weighing the hone's chance, made up his mind that he had no show, and determined not to accept with him. It was not at all likely that the owners of Naughty Boy, Poli tician, Dignity, or -Camden would incur any further expense, but I thought Tempieton would pay up. Echo's legs have again shown signB of going, and those who had the teme rity to back him up. to 100 to-5 have suffered accordingly. Neither Ella nor Feu d'Artifice, at 7st Hb. each. could ham the ghost of a show with Imperial at fist. 4Ux; nor, indeed, could Fugleman, Light of Day, Sunbeam, or Ladybird, though Sentinel's weight could not be found fault with. King Philip, Southern Cross, arid Playboy were thrown in lightly enough, and . ootid riot have been withdrawn on the score of being over tea?®® Veteran, and Gasoony are the three year ddi that have gnu out, and of these, Motteston broke down, -and I fancy Bullion would have accepted had nothis owner failed to notite the Y-RC. advertisement. Alto gether, it Is a very satisfactory acceptance, wdthere is a prospect of 30 bonus appearing Itvasnot a pleasant day at Caulfield late Satprday, nor was the sport above leather fiatelng|ana.L Aaron would have won the Hurdle Itecs had heimt awerved at the last hurdle. Spmn dutetigptiori was expressed at the dodge JteertW^ln bider to get the money on to Weaver fa&Flying; Stakes, frit though it was not • -very reputable manoeuvre, those who made the most noise Mould bear in mind the old adage that people who live fa gUss honses should not &suett;£5iS&W; but faete^sriJlng races rite ^becoming such halpexpros past the poet. Butfora<__ . W. Pender.on Blackbird, would haVei a good race with Mr. Ingles.on Nimbok, who a mis take. " paring the day I; n£ver made a'.; .. .. . noticed Mr. W. Pearson's fine colt Linkooy o! grey balm in lie coat end tail Linkbov is by Vagabond; and is engaged in the Man by rnong Plate, for which he will probably ran well if nothing, occurs to interfere with his preparation. Politician, a big, fins horse by Vagabond, ran in the flat race, bat he was in no condition, yet he showed some pace, and will some day prove a yeiy useful animal. : The Melbourne Hunt Club has removed the ban of disqualification from Mr, M. Moran, of Warrnambool, and I presume font tbe V.R.G. and other clubs will follow suit. 1 am glad of tbis, because 1 always thought there was a doubt of Moraa'e guilt, Kid that he ehould have had the benefit of it Gipsy Girl (the dam of Annua and Friend less) and another mate of Mr. Wateis's hare arrived to Tim Whiffled In giving tbe names cf those who bad so liberaUy subscribed to thefonds of the Hobart Town Racing Club, tint of Dr. Butler was omitted. This gentleman has always taken a lively interest in the affairs of the new club, and' I am' glad to say that he stall con tinues to do so. The attention of racing men is directed to the closing of the Bafiar&t; handicaps on Tuesday next, on which day Dominations will be received for the Hurdle Race, Han dicap Steeplechase, Corinthian Steeplechase, Ballarat Cap, Ballarat Handicap, and Bo wen Handicap. Although not so numerous as last year, the entries for the Wagga Cap are distin guished by their quality* Forty-eight horses have been nominated for the Cop, and among these I observe such names as Kingsboroogb, Melbourne, Rose d'Amonr, Calumny, Impe rial, Sterling, Scanmag, Haricot, Don Gio vianni, and Canterbury. If the handicap* per can manage to attract a few of these to oppose the lights of less .brilliance, then wili tbe Wagga Cup be a more inte resting event than it was last year, when it was considered a match between The Diver and Haricot Tbe Town Plate has filled with 41, and the Grand Stand' Stokes with 39 entries. Folly alive to the importance of the meeting, the committee of the dab has decided to erect another atand, the present edifice, although a very commodious one, not being nearly large enough for the convenience of visitors to the course. Thirty-seven horses are still left in the Sydney Metropolitan, but I do not think thCre is any probability of King Philip, Haricot, Nimrod, Newbold, or Irish Stew paying np; the only animals that are likely to represent Victoria being Lnriine, Calumny, and Sunbeam. - - Mr. W. C. Yuille this week sold by auction, through Messrs. M'CuQoch, Campbell, and Co., the thoroughbred hone Cervos. by Mountain Deer, to Mr. A. Gardner; Black Adder, by Cervos, to Mr. Jas. Byas; Talk of the Ring, by Lucifer from Mermaid, to Mr. Mark Early; and The Trimmer, by Prince Alfred from Fancy Jean, to Mr. M'Donald: and also a imob.of fine horses, the property of Mr. J. Evans, Wongaratta, to Mr. Lear month, for exportation to India, at satis factory prices. Black Adder will stand in the Kyneton district. He has also leased Mr. XL J. Hunter's horse Tom King to Mr. Samnel Allardice, of Riversdale, Alexandra, in which district so powerful a stallion should prove an acquisition. The purchaser of Cervus having been offered an advance on the price he gave for him, Mr, Votile re-sold him to Mr. Alfred Salman, el Willow- vale, Ferntrea Gully, where he will stand forth® season. The handicaps of old Bendigo have not been so well patronised ee I anticipated, only 27 nominations .having been received for the dap, end 23 for the Bendigo Handicap, Lord Lyon and Bnrwood being the only entries from Sydney. A dozen youngsters have en tered for the handicap for two and three year One of the leading jockeys of Victoria (William Endereon) has been apprehended on a charge of stealing a watch from a man ■ named Aitken, who resides in New Zealand. It will be remembered that Ender eon visited New .Zealand a few months ago, and it is alleged that while there he stole the watch in Question. Endereon states that he won the natch at hazard. He was remanded'until Friday, when the magistrates discharged him. Gardiner had selected one of the prettiest spots near Melbourne. The paddocks, which are of an undulating nature, are well grassed, and there is plenty of shelter for brood mares and their foals. I saw The Peer, looking as grand as ever with his beantifol head and neck and fine frame; be ia in excellent con dition to commence stud duties, and as he will appear at the Agriculture! Show on Mon day next, breeders will have an opportunity of judging what sort of an animal he is. In a box close by was the two-year-old colt Tubal Cain, by TregeaglO from Zill&h;, fay Stockowner from' Omen (the dam of The Sign, Lady Heron, Seagull, Ac.) This is a very fine youngster, standing nearly 16 hands, with lots of quality and power, and remind ing one a great deal of Kingsborongh. Being a big-framed animal, bis owner thought at advisable to pat him by until the aatamn, when he will probably figure in tee Ascot vale. El Moro, by The Barb from Mermaid, also-occupied -a loose box in tee yard, and, when filled oat, he will be qnite a command ing colt. The handsome trotting stallion Serenader has a box sad a yard, to just the same as The Peer ; and the condi tion of everything oi^theplatereflectedjjroat credit upon Mr. J. S. Elworthy, who charge, G. Peckham, who aemeontwithTbe Marquis, being the str ' looks after the cattle j. , dinfer from the celebrated heril. Down in the valle veer-old filly Crumbs, by. Sweetbread, was quietly g or four of the brood msiek; — this filly as the cheapest btojate obtained at the Sydney sales, aud i see npwmse to alter that oninion. She htaatownBndthickensd since she was turoMujnt*end isnow ss fine afillyas anybodyneedwiah'totoe. Like many of Maribyrnong'e yonagstMA she has powerfnl.^ drooping' the paddocks, I -tow the D^nmnt oows browsing on the side of a hill, and in a paddock close to/toad were two of their progeny, a couple ot very fine boll calves— one by the Earl otGenevm, end tee other by Oxford CherryDuke. JfyviiitWMneoes earily a flying v 1 ^ " when such iqt toe [there, pre A.-.moraax* tended notioeof mTpcsteMMMe atad figrto ,«t[Qhelsworteuls.v;, ^ >t*i" M-r - sir tor ¥be m»^wiai6» ded|^1ij|gl8ftt \- afternoon, eoup\eT©Loth4T , be run off. Numerous entries havebeenSW-: oefvOd.abd should the *)«&<&► befinfcii pleasant hour may he span* on the aaudmlffl atCaulfleld. . .=••:■■■■* ■ ■ .c*?.-.. ■ Mr.Cfcarles Ksherhaa nsmed-hisbay fiUy by The Marquis from La Favorite, Coy. : The Turf BegMer wHTbe published next week. TbeoompilikieqiiestoiaUsemstosiei in New Zealand and remote country district* to forward newi^ror wri^nteturnscf their future meeungsfor tht ilegistarol 1876. Ella was scratched for the Metropolitan on the 9th July, and the trottee *fca postedat Mr. Begot'fl office. The first forfeit had been paid, and the ncond ls not due until the day. before the race, but the secretary of the A. J.C. refused to receive the notice until, the second forfeit was raid. HoWevejr, 'ad d notice in any public-place is a scratching, Jala s with-' drawal dates fromthe 9th of July. , From Sydney 1 learn that t^e accident to Melbonme was not a very, serious one, and he will soon go into sl6w work. At the side of Mr. Richard Dinee'e horses,' the stallion Lard of the Hills fetched 300gs., Westminster 350gs., and Croydon 200gs. The Duhedin Jockey Club publishes the programmes of its Spring and Autumn Meet ings, and it will be observed tbat a sum of 400 eovs. will be giveu to the Duuedin Cup, to be run at the Autumn Meeting. The New Zealanders evidently believe ina liberal stake to attract horses; and I'm told that Victorian horses enteredfor their events will command a good price, if their owners are desirous of parting with them. Mr. W. S. Cox proposes to hold a meeting at Kensington-park on the 2nd of October, when the programme will includes Hurdle Race of 50 so vs., a Trot of 30 so vs., Spring Handicap of 50 bo vs., a Steeplechase of 100 govs., apd Hying Stakes of 20 so vs. En trance for the last-named will be free. The proprietor has made arrangements with Mr. Barnard to handicap. The conditions of the Murrumbidgee Turf Club Produce Stakes appear this week, audit-will be seen that breeders who wish to enter their sires for the 8ires' Produce Stakes of 1878 are requested to communicate with the secretary as soon as possible. Entries for this and the Mares' Produce Stakes of 1878 dose on the 10th January. The Derby of 1877 is to be a sweepstakes of 10 govs., with 100 so vs. added; and this, also, doses on the 10th January. The added money to each of these events is 100 so vs.; and I notice that the Maiden Plate of 125 so vs., to be run at the Summer Meeting, is now open to all horses that have not won anything hot two-year-old stakes. Mr. Pile's Mameluke, Mr. Reid's Wild Eagle, Mr. Crosrier's Prater, and Mr. Robert eon's Australian Buck are the stallions en tered for the Wentworth Jockey Club Sires^ Produce Stakes, and all who have foals by these horses cur enter them with the secre tary at any time up to the 1st February. Them were plenty of horses but very tew buyers at Messrs. M'Calloch, Campbell, and Co,'s hone sale on Tuesday last. MeMfe Derbam and Kcrouse had some splendid specimens of the "hairy legs" doing the parade, but there was nothing first-dan among the thoroughbreds, except -King of Ring and The Sign; and them was a vesy~ useful-looking grey stallion named Yomig Alma, Tom King also being a1 home that should prove an excellent countrystaHIon. - fftfkff nf tha Pw»«« «s alfll th*. mm — ■ --it ■' ■ 1 ' —*—s —* with beautiful Whs the reserve, and nt . ... si he returned to Si Albans, ' have a very choice lot of Muaidora, Eleanor, Miachgu. wi ahd Sea Spray, and the King's breeding should nick admirably with these, why some enterprising breeder doge not buy Tie Sign js beyond my philosophy. His blood cannot be surpassed, he was a good performer, and abows mors quality than any thing Omen ever gave us. lust of the homes were passed in, but among those sold was the imported stallion Cervna, by Mountain Deer, who was knocked down cheap enough at 80gs., Mr. A. Gardner, of Fsmndnn, being the purchaser. Mr. M. Eariy bought Talk^l the Ring for 159gs.; Rainbow fell to~Mr. H. Patterson at 60ga.; and Trimmer, by Fringe Alfred, to Mr. Donald fair H|gA"'" J The Pleasant Cheek programme appears this week, and it will beobeerved that a Bum of 150 eovs. is to be given to the handicap, which closes on the 22nd October. _ Monday . arid Tuesday; the 27th and 2$th December, are the days fixed for the meeting. - - Excellent entries have been received for Uthe Sydney Hunt Club Meeting,, and as the Maitland people have altered weir dates, the S.H.C. ought to have a very successful day on the Saturday after the A. J.C. Spring Meet ing, In consequence of a clerical error, Play boy's name was telegraphed from Sydney as an acceptor for the Melbourne Cup: it should have been Kingfisher. Both houses belong to Mr. Andrew Town. As there were three Richmond* in the field for the A. J.C. Derby.it wasdeemed neces sary to re-christen one. of them, and. I ob serve that Mr. John Ehlea'a eolt has -beeri'* named Clifton, after the stud where Sir Her cules and other oelebritiea occupied boxear The Professor and the lbWrahdter of Mr. Pearson's homes that were running in Mb Frigate's name have joiosd their owner's stable at CauifieM.; A telegram from Sydney announces that Connangnt is the beetfavuurite for tire A. J;C; Derby at 100 to 12, the prices agelnut tfis others being 100 to 10 each agrinstRmgwooil anfi Valentaa. 100 to8 each sgairuriRedwood, ^met^^Qifto^ tihft hotting on the MfttwdltuLHf iriSwllifl wm let in eo lightiy.and the smalt -is', re garded as a matter of health only. ' mf-y andGoldehroughamsquafatr^'1—*- ^ "^keabury $&?-"■-' offcood work d one at. o, VUantift, Nat , „ ».» Imperud, and Reprieve did cwitel work. Jellett's itiohmoMqiUReNiapliSlo^a very roi^^heS|briaiiiad Bose^ Ftoeriaflh hrifa^ile at a named baying all thebestot It; Kings* borough did asteady caatoa; and came home: very fsat Red. ooU ana several ) .•»« i' _ mntebed Sot flw fid ExaAatm. Kuwroott, link, sad i aentcM for tbefiu Base. Emmm&iusu;^-OneacfkaH m maadci that tb« mtna for tte Bit faueat Cap,Mwtt HtxtAinp, HmbSUEmx, Tf—jtnui Ste^piedbwa Cuuiithim &**&*• rti—«, toad howm Hmdirop dcm an Taao 4n aaitoi Bcztb 17cb ^ nA<ar> »ka •# ■Ig^u »Utenri«ito Htamaetarf.ut(k*&* Boy*l Hotel, £*0» tat _____ 