THE LATE WILLI AMSTOWN ST, LEGEE . MEETING. TO THE OOURSINQ EDITOR OF THE LEADER. Sir.t— As a member of the Williomstown and Wyndham Coursing Club I wish to make a few remaiks on what I think a most ungenerous, not to say Unfair, criticism, on the late Williams- town St. Leger Coursing Meeting, which appeared in the columnB of a leading sporting journal on the 10th April last. The writer of the article re ferred t'o, instead of allowing for the mistakes or shortcomings incidental to a first meeting of a young club, not only commonces and ends with a sweeping condemnation of the whole affair, but actually attempted to criticiso some of the judge's decisions. Under any circumstances strictures like these are not calculated to promote the interests of coursing, but coming as they did from the secretary of the Victoria Coursing 'Club, who, as is well known, writes under tho nom, deplume of " Cerberus," must do positive injury, inasmuch as it is calculated to create hostile feelings in the minds of members of the. junior clubs, when it is known that the paid official of the V.C.C. makes U3e of his position as ft journalist to criticise the proceedings of all clubs cave his own. I do not for a moment object to independent criticisrri, however harsh, but in common with a great many othors I do object to the secretary of one club finding fault with the TnnnaoftmArit. rtf ftt.hflrs. — .Yftlirfl. &<» ; " ' A MEMBEE OF THE W. AND W. COUESING CLUB. - Relative to the St. Leger . Stakes, which were carried off by Lavender Water, who was subse- . quently disqualified, the committee of the Vic toria Coursing Club mot on 30bh ult., when it waB decided that all the . dogs beaten in that stake by Lavender Water should run off for the prize on the 8th inst., at a spot adjoining the Keilor- road station. A special train will leave Spencer- street station at 11 a.m. on that; day, and the first bracoof dogs will be placed in the slips at .11.30 a.m,. M. Wholan ?. has been ap pointed. slipper, for the trials. _ A - letter was received . from Mr, Fagan relative to the bets made on the St. Leger Stakes, and the com mittee .considered that according to the appli cation of rule. 34 all bets should go with the stakes, . The committee selected suitable designs for the cup to be offered to the successful owners of dogs during the coursing meeting of the V.C.C. Mr, Joseph Clarke, who represents his brother, at present on a, visit to Europe, intends inviting the several shire councils adjoining the Sunbury: property, on which a coursing match will take place on the. 13th inst., to a dinner, which promises, in every respect to he equal to that given last coursing season. The meet also pro mises to be on a larger scale, and from the increased number of hares to be seen, no doubt remains but that the forthcoming day will be memorable in. the annals of coursing on this property. A match for £20 came off on Saturday, at Somerton, between Mr. Hill's black dog Echo and Mr. Roche's fawn dog Jupiter. Mr. Wheelan acted as judge, and gave - satisfaction. The course wa9 a good trial, but Echo had the best of the beginning and the end, arid left no doubt that the judge was right in his decision, After the match, a fixture was agreed upon for the first Saturday in June, when an eight-dog stake will be ran off on the same ground, which is good for running, and game plentiful. A match "was made, on Monday -last, which will, if it comes off, excite more than ordinary interest in coursing circles, especially amongst that portion -who are outside Waterloo Cup men, the stako being a Iftirge one. " Mr. Samuel Willis, of Prabran, the well-known contractor, having offered to bet Mr. W. H. Fagan £200 to £100, and name a dog to run Mr. J. R. CoweU'a famous dog Tannhauser, formerly Mr, Pagan's property. (Hie offer was promptly, accepted ;- a £10 forfeit has been agreed to, and the whole of the stakes are to be posted by twelve o'clock on Monday next with the stakeholder, at which time Mr. Willis is tQ name bis dog. The match will ho run op ft day to he fixed during the month of June next, arid is to he the best two courses out of three. The between Mr, CowtB b r. d. lann- 'bausor arid Mr. Wilson's be Secret, intended to run last Monday, is off, owing to the money necessary to complete Secret's stakes riot being paid rip. -.' 1 - A meeting of those favorable to the formation of a Farmers' Canning. Club, for the Whittlesea district, was held on Saturday evening, at Timms's Whittlesea Inn; . It was resolved to form the clnb. Mr. E. H. Serrell having been appointed chairman, explained the object of the meeting. Mr.. Doogan wa3 appointed hon. secretary, and Sir. Hughes, J. P., treasurer, The annual sub scription for membership was named at half a guinea. Those present entered as members and paid their subscriptions. Tho hon. secretary was requested to procure a copy of the rules of the Victoria Coursing Club, and to leave lists at the various hotels in the district of the names of those who had joined as members. The Ballarat Star states that on Tuesday after noon a good many of the frequenters of the Comer were somewhat startled at seeing a grey hound come down all-fours from the balcony of the Unicorn Hotel, and alight on tho hard stones on the side of the street. As the hound alighted its legs gave way under it, and tho poor brute Cea tne road with /its breast, sustaining some ration; At. first some of tho onlookers ima gined that the animal was fatally injured, but it gathered itself up and went away into Mr. Alex. Clark's room in the mining exchange, and it was tlion seen that the greyhound in question was no other than Mr. Clark's celebrated Colleen Bawn. Tho distaricp from the top of the gallery where the bitch went over down to the street where she alighted is 23 feet, and it is almost a wonder that she was not killed on the spot. In view of her havin'g so nearly carried off the Ercildoun Cap . from <Lady Eolla, tho Colleen Bawn has been a general favorite ever since, and much sympathy was expressed yesterday for both the animal and her spirited owner under the unlucky circumstances. Whether she had leapt down - over the gallery railing tp the street in playful ness or in affright is not known, and whether she will ever be herself again is equally a matter of conjecture at present ; but many fe&r; that she bas seen the last of her fields. . The Wagga,, .Waggct Advertiser states that a gentleman formerly a resident of Wagga, and who has recently returned from England here, has kindly presented three couple and a half of hares to the gentlemen who are getting up a coursing club in Wagga. The generous donor started six couple from Melbourne, but five of the quadrupeds gave up the ghost on tho road. The survivors of the journey have been sent adrift in some favored looality. 