ODD, NOTES. By a Bohemian. I mentioned last week that there were what I considered unmistakable symptoms of oiir Parliamentary session drawing to a speedy close. I don't want to get oredit for. being a political prophet — I may as well make a olean breast of it at onco, and say that I do not possess thd gift of prophecy on political or any other quoa« tions j but I should like it to bo clearly under* stood that I oan see as far into a millstone as anyone outside tho walla of Parliament, and in proof of this fact I want to point out that my previous prediction is' being vorifled rather more rapidly than I anticipated. Tke ' Massa'ore of the Innooents' commeuced in this Assembly on Thursday night— and when that kind of slaughter oommenoes— the beginning of tho endhasoome. Every man or woman who takes the least interest in politics always feels grieved at the untimely Blaughtorof these' innocents'— no matter how gently and humanely the opera* tion is performed. The blobd-thirsty and inhuman manner in whioh fche maesaore has been commenced this session will thoieforo ? cause innumerable pangs to the tenderhearted I do not want to harrow up the feelings of my reuuers unneoessarily, and therefore I will not attempt to give anything like a memoir of the poor little darlings who have already met with an untimely end. At the same time, understand me, a stern regard for truth and an inflexible determination to keep my country fritiiic'i*;'^ ' posted up ' to date' in the political history 01 this great colony compels me to say something of the 'dear departed.' Tender-hearted people are, therefore, warned and advised to skip the remainder of this paragraph. The first ' innocent' that met its fate on Thursday night was the ' Bathurst Burr and Sootoli Thistle Bill.' The excuao for the murder was that no member of the Assembly then present seemed to know what a ' Sootoli' thistle was. The Scotch members maintained that the real Scotoh IhiBtle waB a harmless weed at th6 worst — ifj through sectional prejudice, it could not be accepted as a desirable herb worthy of the attention of the- Queensland grazier ; the Irish members joined with the Scotoh and main tained that the particular thistle whioh ought to be legislated against was the 'English' thistle. The members of English extraction— with charaoteristib modesty — did not give a de cided opinion on the subject, but seemed to inti mate that tho partioular thistle which waB intended to be legislated against was an Irish thistle surreptitiously introduced to England by plot ting Ribbonmen sixty or seventy y'eaitf ago, and that it had become acclimatised through the climatic changes brought about by Catholio Emancipation. Before this abstruse question could be settled an Ipswich Orangeman, who has a seat in the Assembly, moved that ' the chairman do now leave the ohair,' and the motion was carried, although Palmer warned hon. members that the adoption of such a motion would Bhelvo the bill. It was a mere pretence to raise any question as to whether it was an English, Irish, or Scotoh thistle whioh was required to be eradicated . along with the ' Bathurst burr' after hon. members of the Assembly had discovered that it was really and truly the Cardme lanceolatus, Membars of the Assembly might as well have raised a discussion on the proper botanical nomenclature of ? tho Bathurst burr.- .It was- a mere dodge — this difficulty about what was or was not a ' Scotch' thistlo — to get some colour of an excuse for strangling a poor little unoffending bill. The other ' innocents;1 whioh were maiBaored tho same night were the ' Copyright Bill,' whioh the hon. member for Enoggera offered up as a willing saorifiee to the Assembly — the ' Bank Holiday Bill,' and a motion by young Jacob Low for the consideration in a Committee of the Whole House of an address to the Governor for a grant of money for roads and bridges in tho south-western district. Dickson didn't ' stand a ghost of a chanoe of carrying his Copy- v right Bill through this session — and, therefore, he did right in twisting the neok of the bant ling, and putting it out of further misery by administering the ' happy dispatch ' by his own hand. The Bank Holiday Bill, to whioh Mr. R. M. Stewart stood godfather, was put to axcruoiating and unnecessary torture before -it received itB finishing stioke. I don't exaotly know what the object of this bill was, and— not having a banking account, and no prospee , of such a thing— I don't muoh care. Persons who are logally qualified to draw oheques on a bank assure mo, however, that it was an excel lent, bill, and that it was -mere 'Bpite and malice' on the part of Mr. Dickson to move the insertion of the additional olause whioh choked it. I don't think Diokson is a spiteful man, you understand ; and, therefore, I am anxious to find so|pe reasonable and justifiable - excuse for the oruel and ' un-kee-ind ' stab he gave to his friend Stewart's bill ; and the only excuse I oan discover was a little temporary irritation at being obliged to throttle one of his own pets just before, and the chance of having to perform the same oper ation in a day or two upon his other pet— the ' Queensland Turf Club Bill.' That bill has already suffered at the hands of the Committee, and if Stewart bears malice it is doomed. It° requires a considerable amount of philosophy on the part of a member of parliament to murder his owu bills, or see tlie'm killed by inches by other members, who pretend all the time that they are doing it out of pure kindness. That is the only, exouse I can find for Mr. Diokaon's treatment of the Bank Holiday Bill. But the most cold-blooded and heartless cruelty was manifested in the matter of Mr. Low's motion. Jacob, aB you are no doubt aware, ib ' a young man from the country' and unlike his English prototype, he has been ' got over' with the greatest ease. Not to put too fine a point on it — I do not hesitate to Bay that he has been 'diddled' in the most barefacedmanner , over these roadsund bridges in the Bouth- western district. I have not got to the bottom of 'the swindlo yot, but I have a presentiment that the Colonial Seoretary and the Colonial Treasurer ontered into a conspiracy to mislead and finally bamboozle the oonflding young man. The peti tion, signed by oight hundred persons, residents 1 of the electorate Mr. Low represents, -whioh was presented by him to tho Assembly on the 20th of Maroh last, on this very subject, ought to have eeoured proper attention to tho matter, and tho mere fact of the member who presented it waiting so pationtly before urging tho just claims of the petitioners upon the attention of the Houbb, should have been a strong addi tional reason for giving it duo aopBide^tion . when ho did at last modestly bring tfce'm&tta; 7'. 'forward. But what 'ought to be' and what ' is ' are two entiroly distinct subjects in poli \- ? tioal as well as sooial life. What ought to be — but you will exouao me, my dear reader, from entering upon tho oonoidoration of this question in all its bearings at tho preuont moment. What 'ought to bo' and* what 'is' open up a wide field of speculation on whioh I mean to writo a book if. I live to gro\V old, rich, find industrious. In the meantime I oan only say that advantage has been taken of young Low's vordanoy by somebody — I suspect the Colonial Seoretary and the Colonial Treasurer, as I before men tioned. And the Minister for Works, with a refinement of oruelty of which I would \- not have thought him oapable of exhibiting, justified hia rejeotion of tho motion on the | ground ihat the hon. member for tho Balonne had not produced figures to prove the justioe of the claims he urged. ' figures i' Jerusolem! Aftet Waiting from the 20th of March — when the petition, signed by eight hundred, was pre sented — until the 26th of August, and the eesBion just closing, ' figures' are now asked for 1 Idare not trust myself by mere words and printers' marks and Bigns, to convey the expression of indignation and sorrow I feol for the hon. ;? ? ? : ? member for the Balonne, through the treatment he has received in this matter of the roads, bridgOB, and telegraphio communication in the Southern and western districts. Perhaps the Wisest and beBt course for him to tako is to mind and not do the like again. Ho is a young and inexperienced politician — let this be a lesson to him as such ; and, above all, I would caution tho hon. gentleman against plaoing too much reliance on tho words or pro mises of Ministers of tbe Crown. I daresay they mean well at tho timo, and are sincere ' enough perhaps — b«t they are subject to so many and such various infiuenoes that it is never safe to trust to their promises overmuch. I daresay young Low feels the truth of these observations at the present timo. I Bhall not have the opportunity of com menting upon the utteranoes and proceedings of our members of Parliament muoh longor — this year, at all events?— and therefore I hope-to be exposed for dwelling so much on the subject just now. I know that the majority of my readers like to have their looal politics nicely boiled down, and made light and easy of di gestion, and I always try to gratify them in \- this particular to the best of my ability. . t — well; I was about to boast, but my ' innate modesty restrains me. I can not, however, refrain from endorsing tbe opinion uttered by Peohey on Thursday night in the Assembly on the subject of bad BpiritB. Pechey took the earliest possible opportunity on Thursday of moving the ad journment of the House, for the purpose of . . calling the attention of the Government and the / , House to the necessity of preserving the public health as much.aB possible, and was proceeding to advocate the extension of the provisions of the Health Bill now before the House, so aB to apply them to the sale of spirituous liquors, and bo provide against what he maintained was the poisoning of the people by persons licensed to do, so by the Government, when the Speaker ' pulled him up short, by ruling that he waB out , of order. I don't wish to cast any reflections ? : - on the caterer for the parliamentary refresh ment rooms. I am prepared to make affidavit, if necessary, that he keeps nothing but first olass ' tipple' for the ubo of our legislators. But members of Parliament are not always within easy reach of those rooms when they want a drink, 'and the few publicans who keep ' really good stuff' are few and far between. The oonsequence is that the publio health — in the persons of some of our parliamentary represen tatives — suffers to a fearful extent while the House is in session through this ' poisoning of the people' with bad liquor. I think it is a very proper thing for the Board of Health to take in hand, and Peohey deserves credit for calling attention to the matter, although he was snubbed by the Speaker. 