CHRISTMAS. [The following contribution, intended to appear in our issue of Christmas Day, was received too late that week in view of other matter, and was also crowded out for the following issue.] What a happy time is Christmas 1 Cold and misanthropic must be the disposition that will not now rejoice. It is the signal for all sensible men to fling away to the winds old resentments which, all too long, have tilled the heart with cark ing care. Yes! let all petty rivalries cease. Banisli these from out the breast. Let it no longer be the throne, but rather the sepulchre, of all such galling visitants. Away with dull reminiscences! Rise, jollity! Dultiess, begone ! Christmas is no time for thee ! Not so well olf as last year ? Yes ! thou art—and a great deal better off, too, if the truth were only known. Think of the countless blessings of which thou hast been the recipient. Think of the perils thou hast escaped, and a thousand untold ills beside. Oh ! the richness of fair Australia ! Compare it with other climes ?—Hyperion to Satyrs! How many thousands of families through out other lands where grim-visaged want, gaunt and pitiless, stalks to and fro, who at this closing year must go without their Christmas dinner, while countless Aus tralian tables groan beneath the burden of innumerable geese, turkeys, Christmas puddings, and all the other unspeakable creature comforts that grace the festive board! Think of these Australian Christ mas dinner parties ;—picture them, ye dissatisfied ones ! What a pleasure Christ mas-tide affords! A thousand sacred memories, at the bare mention of this glad period, awaken again to life. A sunny host of long-forgotten faces dance before the vision. There are faces of old familiar friends—friends long mingled with the dead—faces of a sainted mother or wife, child or sister, or perhaps, all of these at once. As these flit past, some of the countenances wear an air of sadness. Though some gaze on us mournfully, or perhaps reproachfully, others seem to smile with an indescribable pleasantness. Some there are among the throng, too, whom we remember with a pang of sorrow; while others, again, evoke hearty, a truly cordial nod of joyous recognition. Floating before our eyes are the well-remembered forms of old school companions, with whom, long ago, we studied, side by side, in the old village school. Years have fled since then, and yet their forms and faces ap pear just the same as of old, precisely as they did twenty or thirty years ago. Their voices are the old voices, for in imagination we may hear them talking and jesting as they were wont to do then. Ah ! these are but shadows—shadows that remind us that " the light of other days hath faded"—shadows that fill our eyes with pshaw ! this is no time to give way to too much melancholy ! This is Christinas. This is the period of all others, too, for the bitterest foes to shake each other warmly by the hand, and to forgive and forget. The old dining room in the family mansion, decked out in floral gaiety, rings and re-rings with shouts of merry laughter—Christmas laughter—unlike all other, a species pe culiar to the time, that comes direct from the heart itself. It is as remote as pos sible from the unreal, forced merriment which at times, when compelled to listen to it, makes us wish to get away. At the table old acquaintance smile and nod, and nod and smile, at each other, as well as they can across the prandial luxuries 1 like mountains intervening, and warmly exchange the friendliest of greetings. Amongst the assembled guests exist no coldness and no hauteur. All is jolly, genial, and just what a heart can wish, at such a happy, pleasant time. What a sea of smiling faces irradiates the table ! Among them are the young, the old, and the middle-aged. Every member of the family seems represented from the richest member down to the poor relation. Hand joins in hand. Stiff etiquette, empty compliment, and cold formality give way before the honest grip of kins men perchance long estranged, but at this season united in the loving bonds of friendship. " A Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year !" is heard on all sides. The juveniles love this pleasant festive time. Home for the holidays! Christ mas ! They wish it a twelvemonth long. Let them laugh ! Let them be merry ! Hush them not! Let the young exult! The youngsters' merry voices strike chords that extend through every spot where Christmas time is held in lever ence. And, while the time is pleasantly beguiled with snapdragons, harmless ghost stories, hunt the slipper, kissing under the mistletoe, and such like inno cent diversions, the grandfathers and grandmothers present call to mind the days when they, too, were young, many | long Christraases ago, just as if the dear old folks—God bless them !—were not young every year about this time. "How much have we to be thankful for!" say they. These dear old people remind us of the stately forest oaks, stooping just a wee bit under the blast of time, but still majestic. At this period of the year, throughout Australia, hundreds of angel visits to the poor and suffering are doubtless being made, by warm hearts—hearts that are big with sympathy for the sorrowful and the needy. Disguise matters as we may, there are corners in our land—happily few and far between—where squalid misery yet holds her court, and walks abroad in rags and wretchedness. Igno rance and crime, too, are spectres not unknown. Christmas is the time to carry light to th6 desponding, hope to the disappointed, and joy to the mourner. It is a time, too, of all others when all should remem ber the injunction old " Bear one an other's bnrdens." The old year is fast dying. He is lading, fast fading, from our sight. Some will feel regret at his departure, and wish him back once more. It was a year pregnant with blessings as well as woes. There are many of our fellow colonists who will never see the infant face of 1875, and so will only find the Merrv Christmas, but. alas ! not the Happy New Year. Delta. Equally Comfortable.—In an account of an interment of which the circumstances were remarkable, a reporter states, in a newspaper, that a special funeral and a private grave were paid for by a lady, "and but for thiB the poor girl would have been buried on Friday last with the parish paupers." Her lot would then have been no more aud no less enviable by a philosopher, even if an Epicurean, than that of anybody buried in West minister Abbey. In any sensible respect, to such citizens as those of a necropolis, it is all the same everywhere underground. It is not to be numbered and associated with dead paupers that a thinking person would dislike, but with living.—* Punch.' " I go through my work," reprovingly said the needle to the idle boy. "But not till you're pushed through," triumph antly replied the boy to the needle. 