Apparitions. As miracles in tlio olden timo !?????? Were wrought, the hardened heart to move, S And thus the great Allwiso Divine, The power Supreme o'or all did prove, Bo now' in ease of cimo concealed. Where tnurdor foul atjustico leered, That dead of blood might bo rovealed. The victims form on eaith appeared. 'Twas so ordaiueil, but whence it came Mau oaunot, shall not. neod not kuow, j ue oueau uuus t.1111 rise me same, v But show the causo or stay tho fljw. .. Man can hot see beyond tho grave. Bis boundary's marked, his limit's given, So deep to dive beneath tbo wavo, So high to riso benoath tbo Ileavon, Many do not beliove id apparitions. I incline ' to that opinion. It is said that to aome is not ' givon' to see ghosts ; if so, thoy may considar 1 themselves favored. I have been ia dilfernnt plaass roputed to bo haunted, bat have not had -'ooular demonstration' of spectres, though I am free. to confess my opinion has more than onoo boon shaken for a whilo by the firmly expressed conviction of others: ; ? The followibg narrative rests on foundation of truth,, and may bo considered as ono of those instances in which superoational agency is evident in the detection of orime. It is from a treatise ou apparitions, of which I have not the author's i«DSJno.' \- . .. J. S. W. In kio year 1730, whon Mr Harris was in London, he received a.letter from his confidential -.servant, informing him that the house had' been broken into at night, and that a lad who bad lately been taken into servioo had mysteriously disappeared.1 - Mr Harris immediately left London for his seat in Devonshire, and on his arrival was \- told that n$--alartn bad been given on the ninht A of the robbery until the mornjng, when a window opening on the lawn was discovered to have boon broken Etooiigb, and footstep marks discovered outside. Morria, tho butler, waa found in the plato-room half-dressed, tied to a table, and with a gag in his mouth. His own account of the robbery was that, having been roused by some noiee in the middlo of the night, he Lad got up and gone down to the plate-rooin, the door of which had been previously forced; that he was there seized, gagged, and bound before be could escape or evon call for help ; and that there were five or sis* men altogether, none of. whom ho .' recognised, except the lad lately taken into ser vice, who had disappeared since that night. In those days there were no telegraph wires, no means by which a criminal fleeing from tho scene of his orimo could be outstripped by that won drous maohinery tvbioh elioitcd tlio romark of the eilent traveller, 'Them's the cords that bung John Towel), ' and no detectivo or rural police. -:A week bad elapsed before Mr Harris could reach his home.:.: In the meanwhile tbo village con stables bad attempod to trace out the robbers, but without sueaess. No clue to the missing plate or thieves could be discovered. After making a careful and strict search of the premises, Mr Harris returned to his Court duties in town, giving up all hopo. of finding oithor his lost pro perty or tbo criminals.^ Somo six months passed away before. Mr Harris again visited his oountry soat, where ho was received by Morris, and found everything in its usual state, nothiDg more bavinp been ascertained about the robbery. Tired with his ' long journoy from town, Mr' Harris retired early to bed, and soon fell into a sound sleep. Ia the middle of the night bo euddonly awoko— as ho was always wont to declare op relating, the incident, he was in an instant thoroughly wide awake, how or wby he nevor could explain— and he saw by the light of a small lamp .burning in his room tho led who bad disappeared on tbo night wlion the plato was stolen, standing at the foot of the bod. Mr Harris asked what he wanted at that time of night. Tho boy beokonod to him, but made no reply Agoin ha asked- bim for what purpose lie bad como, and again tbo boy beckonod to him pointed to the door. Mr Harris was . as devoid of fear as moBt mon ; so bo rose from ' his bed, partly dressed himself, took bis sword under his arm, and then followed tho lad, still beckoning and pointing with bis arm out of the room. His own statement subsequently of bis feelings ,wns that ho w'os i'n dfnilit as to whether tho lad was alive or at) npparation, tlmt ho felt no ' fear but only a strong desire and determination to sea tbo 01 Biter to an end. The two went down tbo 6taircase, and through a side door» which Mr Harris remembers to huve been to his ( astonishment unlocked and open, they passed into the park. Tho lad luil tho way for about a bundled yards towards a vory large oak, the trunk of which was Burrouoded und almost hiddoo by low shrubs and hushes, which hod been allowed to grow wild from timo immemorial, rlere tho Ian Btoppcd, pointed to tho ground with bis fonfinner, and then seemed to pass towards tlio other side of the tree. Ic was not a dark night, ond when Mr Harris followed, as he immediately did, tho lad had vanished from his siiilit. It seemed uso. ess to search for him ; aod af'er a little whilo Mr Harris returned to tho house, faslODed tho door as ho lot himself in, and went to lii a room for tho remainder of tho night'. Before the dawn he had resolved on his course of actioH, and having made his arrangements, ho first had his butler, -Richard Morris, taken into custody, Ho then sot workmen to dig round the oak tree, who catno upon the body of the lad, buried in his olothos, scarooly b foot below the^ surface. It was ovidont that his death was occasioned by strangulation, as the cord was still fastened tightly round his neck. Tlio butler, after attempting at first to deny having had any hand in the btuiness, soou mado a confession of the whole affair. He had two accomplices to help bim in the robbery, who bad carried off the stolen plate to Plymouth, but being interrupted by tho lad whilst romoving it, they had murdered him, and buried bis body under tho tree, whero it was subsequently digooverocl in the way related above. They then proceeded to tie and gag the butler, as he was found in the pantry. The murderers woro nover traced, and so esoapod the penalty of thoir crimo; but Morris, tho butler, was tried at the ensuing Exeter Assizes, and having pleaded guilty was condcmnod and executed. 