MY UNLUCKY FRIEND. Among my . fellow-passengers on the overland roots from Calcutta there were many of a more lively temperament -and oncial torn Mr. John Angus Mar- low, civil engineer ; yet it was to that gentleman I chiefly attached myself dur ing my homeward voyage, some years ago. He was forty years of age, grave — nay, indeed, . almost stern of speech and manner ; a man whom very few feminine critics would have called handsome, but in whose dark, thoughtful face, deep-set gray eyes, and strongly -marked black ; eyebrows there was a stamp of intellec tual power which no physiognomist could foil to recognise. His professional posi tion was high, and he was commonly reputed a rich man. He was a bachelor, and was now returning to his native country an invalid, having over-taxed both mind and body in the cause of a late ardnous undertaking in railway con struction. I too, a lieutenant in Her Majesty's service, was returning home on sick-leave, but with very little claim to pity on the score of ill-health, and with most cheerful anticipation of a pleasant holiday among familiar scenes and old friends. I had met Mr. Marlow in society be fore leaving Calcutta, and the ice being ; thus ' broken between us, our acquaint ance soon ripened into something more than the ordinary companionship of fel low-travellers. He was my senior by fifteen years, and in evidently weak health ; so I was pleased to be of use to him in any small matters whereby I might spare him the fatigue of the jour ney, and to defer on all occasions to his humour. I found him very variable in mood,' at times silent and thoughtful to an extreme degree, at other times full of pleasant conversation. He had read much and thought much ; had a warm appreciation of art, and a refined taste in 'all matters ; but was . not a man likely to shine in general society. He grew singularly depressed in manner as we drew near the end of our journey ; and while we walked the deck of the steamer together one moonlight night, smoking our (cigars in meditative silence, I ven tured to make some remark on the sub ject. " Gloomy do yon think me ?" he asked ; "and I daresay you are right. I ought to be glad to see England again, ho doubt, but I cannot summon tip any sense of pleasure in the anticipation. I have been so long away from- — well, I Suppose one must call 'one's birth-place home— that I have lost all interest in the place and its belongings. Those whom I loved are dead. The voyage is altogether a concession to my doctors. I was happy in the pursuit of my profes sion, and I like India." "You must find life rather dimns! up the country," said I, " as a bache lor." " Yes," he answered with a faint sigh, " it is lonely enough ; but a man who works as hard as I have done has little time to feel the loneliness of hie life." " You should marry, and take a wife hack to India with yon," I ventured to suggest" He gave a short little laugh, as he threw away the end of his cigar. " I finished with that kind of thing when I was twenty," he said. " I had ' "my dream, and it came to a bad ending. I am not a man to be fooled twice." It was late In October wlicu wc iauaea at Southampton. I was engaged to spend the next month in Scotland with a brother officer, bnt my Ohristmas was to be passed wt my father's house in Warwickshire ; and before parting with John Marlow, I extorted a promise that be would run down to us for a week at that festive season. He made the pro mise somewhat unwillingly, though not ungraciously. " It is very good of you to care for such a dull old fellow as I am, Frank," he said ; and with this we parted. When my month's sport in Scotland was ended, I hastened home in high spirits and rude health. I found my three sisters — Clara, Geoigy, and Jessy — waiting for me at the railway-station ; three blooming damsels, whom X had left some years before in pinafores and short skirts. They were eager to tell me all the home news, and bewildered me with their chatter as we drove from the station to the lodge-gates. "We have a new governess, Frank," arid dam, when they had informed me of all the births, deaths, marriages, and engagements to many, among onr friends and neighbours ; " Poor old Miss Colby's health gave way at the last, and she has taken a dear little cottage in Lord Leigh's model village. So Papa insisted on getting some one else to finish us in music and languages, and so on. Miss Lawson, onr new governess, is only twenty, two years older than I, bnt she is very accomplished, and so pretty. I hope you won't fall in love frith her, Frank." This I protested was a most impro bable contingency ; bnt I was not the less curious to see the lady in question. " You will have plenty of her society," said Geoigy ; she is always with as. Papa likes her amazingly." As my father had been ten years a widower, I suggested that this liking on his part might be dangerous ; hut the three girls indignantly repudiated the idea, and X,mas content to defer to their judgment" When we assembled in the drawing- room? before dinner, I found Miss Lawson talking to £5eorgy in one of . the win dows, and had time few minutes' leisure in which to observe her before my sister beckoned me across the loom in order to present me to the stranger. She was a tall, aristocratic-looking girl, with a per fect profile, dark-brown hair, hazel eyes, and a singularly pale complexion ; a girl whom no one could fail to observe and admire, but about whose beauty there might, nevertheless, be some difference of opinion. When I had been talking to her for some minntgg, her expression struck me as nut altogether agreeable. Her lips were too thin for my notion of feminine beauty, and the chin and month a shade too decided. Her ' eyes were perfect in colour, but . thought them somewhat wanting in depth and softness. Act long, however, did I remain critical Upon the subject of Miss Lawson's -beauty. There was a charm about her voice and manner not easily to be re sisted by a man of my age ; and when I retired to my room that' night J had.no feeling but unqualified admiration of my sisters' governess. - ..$ I told them next day of my invitation , to Mr. Marlow, and Ids acceptance there - " I wish he might take a fancy to yon,. Clara," I said, laughing. " It would Be a capital m&tch; John Marlow is one of the best fellows X ever- met; and a rich man into the bargain." "And forty years of age, as you ad mitted just now," -exclaimed Clara, in dignantly. " l am not so desperately in want of offers, Mr. Frank, nor so merce nary as to care for your friend's money." Miss Lawson looked up from a water- coloured sketch which she was finishing for Geoigy. " Mr. John Marlow," she repeated ; " my moher once knew a gentleman of that name. Do you know if he comes from Halleigh Court, Lincolnshire ?" " Yes, Miss Lawson. He owns a place of that name, I believe. Have you ever seen him 1" " O tear no ! He went to India be fore I was born. I have heard my mother speak of him. That is all I know o: the gentleman." Christmas came, and with it several visitors; amongst them, John Angus Marlon. He had improved in health ; but his quiet manners seemed more than usually quiet when compared with the somewhat boisterous gaiety of our county friends, whose high spirits had never been subdued by hard work or oriental sunshine. My sisters voted him the dullest of bachelors, and declared that his society was absolutely depressing. "There must be some melancholy secret connected with the poor man's early life," said Clara ; " and I believe Margaret Lawson knows all abont it. Yon should have seen his face when I introduced him to her, Frank. He started as if he had seen a ghost, bnt said nothing, and seemed quite glad to get away from her after a few formal sen tences abont the weather, and so on." This was on the morning after my friend's arrival I watched his move ments in the drawing-room that evening, and 6aw that he studiouriy avoided Miss Lawson's society, devoting himself chiefly to my sister Clara, who seemed on this occasion to find him by no means dull or disagreeable. We smoked our cigars together that night on a terrace outside the drawing- room windows, when the rest of onr party had retired ; and while we were doing so, John Marlow astonished me by saying, "Should you be very angry, Frank, if I brought my visit to an abrupt close, and left you to-morrow morning by an early train?" " I should be very sony," I replied. " But what on earth should induce you to run away from us like that ?" " " A kind of panic; Frank. Yon will langh at me for my folly. I .told you I had had my dream, and that it came to a bad end. I never thought to be re minded of that bitter ending as I have been since I came into this house. It's no nse trying to deceive you, Frank. Your sister's governess, Miss lawson, is the daughter and living image of the only woman I ever loved, the woman who jilted me under circumstances of peculiar lieartiessness. - I was her junior by a couple of years, and vrorshippvA her with a slavish passion. She made me a foil to another man, and threw me off remorselessly when she had brought bim to her feet She was a girl of good birth and position, but without money, n.ipiiln Tjiwion. the man she married, was rich, but a dissipated scoundrel, who would have run through a much larger fortune tban that which he in herited from his father's commercial successes. He died early, and left his widow and child dependent on his family, who were not the sort of people to do much for them. She — Florence Lawson, his widow — did not long sur vive him. The news of her death reached me in India fifteen years ago. I never thought to look npon the face of her daughter." " And yon would run away from here on this account ?" " Yes, Frank ; I am very weak upon this subject It seems to me as if there was a Idnd of fatality in my meeting Florence Lawson's daughter. I have laboured hard to forget that woman, and the harm she inflicted on me. I thought the very memory of my wrongs was blotted from my mind ; bnt the sight of that girl brought the old pain hack with all its sharpness. 1 -can't trust myself in her society, Frank. Let me tic »?»«. and leave her. I was astonished by this almost childish weakness in such a man as John Marlow, and used my utmost eloquence to argue bim out of his folly. My reason ing prevailed at last, and he consented to remain with us. We spent the next day in an excur sion to Warwick Castle. Miss Lawson was with us ; and while we were explor ing the fine old rooms, I saw her more than once engaged in conversation with Mr. Marlow ; nor did he take any pains to avoid her in the drawing room that evening. ' Several days passed, and John Marlow said no more about leaving us. He was so undemonstrative in his manners as to excite little notice from strangers ; bnt I, who really liked him, watched him closely, and I saw that his attention was given almost exclusively to Margaret Lawson. It Beemed to me that he was drawn to her always' against his will. He approached her in a kind of half- reluctant manner .; . Bat once by her side he never quitted hertill the evening was ended. - She, for her pari;: appeared to take interest in his society, and was always ready to ring or play at his re quest. . Gf course this did not escape the quick observation . of my sisters, and one. morning when I dropped into the school-room daring Miss Lawson's absence; the subject was discussed among them. " X date say she would many him for the sake of a position," said Clara. " She has no prospect except matrimony, and I know she hates a life of depend ence on her rich relations, purse-proud, . disagreeable people; according to her ac count ofthem." "I hope she would marry'himforhis own sake," X answered ; "I should be! uoriy for JohnMadow Hit were other- wise, for i believe him to be a man of very deepfeeiinga. "Then he had better steer cW.tt Margaret Lawson," said my sister. " Whatever heart she has to give is be- stowed elsewhere. She left -her last ritustio" pa account uf a love affair with the only fion of the house, .a l&.iHorace Bawdon. -His father, Sir -Mfobhel Raws don, was forioue against the young fswy and sent him abroad on account of the affair. Margaret told me the story with her own lips, and showed me Mr. Baw- don's portrait. He and all his family are as poor as chnrch mice, she told me, but they had great expectations in the matrimonial way for the yonng man. He might have married his cousin, the only child of a rich . manufacturer, who has a splendid place near Bawdon Park, and who very much wished for an alli ance between the two families." The first time we were alone together, I told John Marlow what I had heard from my sister, determined that he should not suffer a second time from a misplaced affection, if any effort of mine could prevent the sacrifice. The effect of mv words was much more severe than I had anticipated, and I saw that the grave iron-grey bachelor had been hard hit "I must know how far this affiair has gone," be said abruptly. "I will ask Margaret for an explanation." ' " Will that be fair to my sisters ?" I asked. " Miss Lawson may very justly consider them guilty of a breach of con fidence, and she will assuredly think me an arrant snob for talking of her affairs. I should not have broached the subject if you had not expressed a kind of dread of this girl's influence over your mind." " Yes," he replied, " I did fear her influence, heaven knows whether wisely or foolishly ; and I will take care not to commit you or your sisters, Frank. But I must know the truth from Margaret's own lips. I have the .right of a future husband to question her. The die is cast, Frank. She has promised to be my wife. It is rather rapid work, no doubt ; but Miss Lawson's lonely position justified, my acting promptly, and no lapse of time could make me love her better than I do. I have urged her to consent to an early marriage, and I hope to marry her from her nude's house in London before the beginning of Lent You must not think me a fool for this sudden passion, Frank. This girl brought the memoiy of my youth back to me, and it is in her power to atone for all the pain her mother inflicted upon me." I tried to congratulate him, but it was now my turn to be weakly super stitious, and to perceive a kind of fatality in this affair. The truth of the matter was, that I could not bring myself to believe in Miss Lawson. There was a light in those brilliant hazel eyes that was not the radiance of a candid souL I watched hor oloeciy ofber -this conrcr- sation with John Marlow j and although her manner to him was all that it should have been, I was secretly con vinced that she had no real love for her affianced husband. Whatever explanation arose between the lovers appeared satisfactory to my friend. He told me afterwards that Margaret had behaved with perfect can dour. It was true that yonng Bawdon had made her an offer, but she had never in any manner encouraged his attentions or returned his affection. The affair had reached his father's ears through one of his sisters, Miss Lawson's pupils, and had resulted in his banishment from home ; but the heart and mind of the governess liad, according to her own ac count, been utterly unaffected. My sisters were speedily informed of Miss Lawson's engagement, and were too good-natured to feel anything bnt pleasure on hearing the news ; although, in their eyes, the ago of tho hridegroom entirely destroyed the romance of the courtship. Clara could not banish the recollection of Horace Bawdon, the absent traveller, who had gone on a trading expedition to the coast of Africa, hoping to enrich himself by that means. " Margaret ought to have waited for his return," said my sister. " I know she was very much in love with him when she first came here, let her say what she wilL" In the second week in January Mr. Marlow left us to return to London, in order to make all necessary arrangements for his marriage ; but before bidding me good-bye at the station he invited me to join him in town at my earliest con venience. He had lodgings in the neigh bourhood of Piccadilly, and ample accom modation for a visitor. Miss Lawson was to leave us a fortnight afterwards to return to her relations, who were eager to receive her now that she was about to make an advantageous marriage. Her uncle, M. fiunnel Lawson, was a stock broker, occupying a large, gaudily-fur nished house at Bayswater. During the week following Mr. Mar- low's departure I amused myself by watching Miss Lawson in the interests of my friend. Eveiy other morning's post brought her a letter from her lover, and several registered packets of jewelry gratified her during the course of the week; nor were Mr. Marlow's gifts by any means trifling in value. I fancied, however, that she received these tribntes very much as a matter of course ; and on more than one occasion when she talked to me of my friend, it seemed- to me that she was more intent on obtain ing information as to his position and resources in India than she was in terested in my praises of his. character and talents. It was on my last morning at home that the post-bag brought Miss Lawson a foreign letter, the aspect of which caused her evident agitation. She did not.open this epistle at the "breakfast-table, and I thought that she looked at me somewhat anxiously as she slipped it into her pocket She knew that I was going to spend the next week with her lover, and perhaps imagined that I should mention this letter. . I found John Marlow in excellent spirits. He had sketched out a conti nental trip with his yonng wife for. the month of March, and hw) engaged a pretty famished home at the West-mid to receive them on their return to Lon don in May. : "I shall give her all the pleasures and gaieties that.a woman of her age has a, fight td enjoy," he said. " She shall 1 have no occasion to regret having mar ried a man twenty years her senior." . : "Tell me One thing; Mariow," I said seriously. - " You mean this to be a love- match, don't you? Yon wouldn't many Margaret Daweon if you believed her to be influenced by your position and for tune, would you, old fellow f" " I would not, Frank." - . "So help yon heaven 1" " Sa help me heaven I" he answered as earnestiy. " I believe she_ loves me, ; Frank. Ff lriid dot think that; I would sooner cut mytbrpfd than many her." " There are some men who think love comes after marriage," I said presently. " I am not one of those. I have re ceived Margaret Lawson's assurance that she loves me ; and I believe her from my aouL Have you anything to say against her, Frank ?" " O, nothing," I replied hastily, rather alarmed by that somewhat - tigerish ferocity with which a man over bead and heels in love is accustomed to hear the impeachment of his betrothed. I re membered that foreign letter, and the sadden flaBh which had overspread Miss Lawson's face as she received it; but I dared not mention the subject to my friend. It seemed so mean a thing to persist m doubting the lady, and the letter might be from any one in the world except that absent traveller, Horace Bawdon. I did, however, doubt this lady's truth, almost in spite of my self and listened to my friend's antici pations of happiness with secret mis giving. My visit to him was prolonged much beyond the week I had intended to devote to it. I dined at Bayswater with the Lawson family — a showy cere monial banquet; and I spent a good deal of my time with John Marlow and his future at picture-galleries, theatres, and other places of entertainment. I had occasion to cross the Park one morning in the direction of Bayswater, on my way to call npon some friends in Hyde-park Gardens ; and in one of the lonelier walks I was surprised to meet Miss Lawson. She was quite alone, and seemed, as I thought, not a little em barrassed by meeting me. I knew that she had refused to attend a morning concert with Mr. Marlow that day, on the plea of particular business in the way of shopping, and was therefore surprised to find her strolling idly here. She said something about an atrocious headache, which had obliged her to put off all business, and dismissed me, as I thought; rather impatiently. My friends were not at home ; and I recrossed the Park within half an hour by another and longer route, taking the furthermost border of the Serpentine. Here, having no special occupation for the afternoon, I lingered to smoke a agar, stretched at foil- length npon a bench by the ride of the water. The day was mild for the season of the year, bnt the gardens were almost deserted at this time. I was roused from my re verie by s man's voice close at hand, saying loudly, " If you throw me Over, Margaret, you will be as false and heartless a woman as ever breathed the breath of life. ' Yon know that I trusted implicitly in your promise to marrv me whenever I came nometo claim you, anffyou knowtfiata have hroken with my family for ever in order to be true to yon. I might have done well abroad, had I been content to wait for success ; bnt I could not endure life away from you, and I availed myself of the first opportunity that arose for my return. I have accepted a clerkship in a merchant's office, with a salary that will just enable ue to live. It is no brilliant prospect to offer you Margaret ; bnt it is better than the dependence of your posi tion aB a governess, and it is a life to be shared with a man you have professed to I iova" The answer to this speech escaped me. The speaker was walking slowly beside a lady on the other - ride of the noble horse-chesnut beneath which I was seated, completely screened by tne massive trunk from these two promen- aders. They walked a little way, and then returned. This time the lady was speaking, and I recognised the clear musical tones of Miss Lawson's voice. " Yon know that I have always been true to yon, Horace," she Baid ; " but it was not the less foolish of you to come home. I was shocked by your im prudence when I received your letter from Marseilles. Such a step will be sure to aggravate your father and all your friends." " I thought you would be glad of my return, Margaret." " Of course I am glad to see you ; but I am sorry that your prospects should be sacrificed to such foolish impatience. We are both young enough to have waited for years." Not a word of her engagement to John Marlow. They passed the tree again, re tained, and then parted vrithin a few pacw v£- mj1 .I.I> , " May I call upon yon at your uncle's place ? " "No, Horace ; I dare not receive yon there. I will write to yon in a few days. I have ran the risk of all kinds of annoyance in consenting to meet you to-day. Both my nncle and aunt are straitlaced and severe to a degree. Good bye." " A brief meeting, and a cold parting Margaret. When shall I see you again ?" " Indeed I don't know. I will write to yon." He kissed her, and let her go, very reluctantly, as it seemed to me in my place of concealment. I rose as Miss Lawson hurried away, and contrived to meet the gentleman face to face. He was walking slowly along, swinging his cane to and fro, with, a very moody countenance. He was a tall fine fellow, with a handsome face bronzed by foreign sons. I went back to my friend's lodgings sorely pnzried as to my line of conduct. It was evident that Margaret LawBon had deceived him as to her relations with Horace Bawdon; but it did not' appear tome that she meant to jilt the rider man I had little doubt that the letter she was to write her old love would contain the intelligence of her approach ing marriage with John Marlow. She had shrank in a cowardly manner from . telling yonng Bawdon a truth which she would not fear to communicate in a letter. It .was his anger, not his pain, she dreaded. " She is just what I thought her," I said to myselfj — " selfish and cold- hearted to the last degree. I should dearly love to see her left in the lnrch by both her suitors." On reflection, I decided that it was best to tell John Marlow the whole truth. He was likely enough to detest me for my interference; bnt I was willing to suffer his dislike, rather than that he should walk blindfold into a matrimonial snare for lack of fair warning. X found him reading ins . Indian letters; which the overland -mail had just brought to him. "Another bank gone," he said, — "the Calcutta Imperial", - \- ff Does, that .affect yon I " I asked anxiously. . "Personally to thp extent of a few hundreds only ; hut I have many friends who will suffer." It struck me that this failure might he turned to some account as a trial of Miss Lawson's truth ; but I said nothing about this to Mr. Marlow. I only told him, in the simplest manner, what I had heard that afternoon in Kensington gardens. John Mariow was deeply moved, but he said very little and I saw how pain fully weak he was npon this subject We were both to dine at Bayswater on the next evening, and I felt sure that he would take occasion to question his be trothed. He did not wait for the even- ing, however, but went early the following morning to call on Miss Lawson. She was out with her aunt and cousins ; and he came home looking ill, tired, and de pressed. When the evening came, he was too ill to dine out ; and I went myself to carry his excuses and my own, about an hour before the dinner hour. Mr. Lawson was out ; and on request ing to see his niece, I was ushered to the library, where the young lady came to me. I told her of Mr. Marlow's ill ness, and she received the news with evi dent uneasiness. "It is very sudden, is it not?" she asked, looting at me in a very searching manner. "Yes, it is sudden. He seems to be suffering from a kind of low fever." " My uncle tells me there has been a great bank failure in Calcutta. I hope that does not affect Mr. Mariow ?" " Not to any great extent; I believe;" I replied, with considerable hesitation, for I saw the yonng lady had already taken fright "But to Borne extent it does," she answered, quickly. " Do you think it is anxiety that has made him 01 ?" « He certainly does seem troubled in his mind ; but his anxiety may not arise from business matters." . " From what rise could it arise ?" " Yon would be more likely to know that than I, for I am sore he has no secrets from you." "I hope not ; I have a right to share his troubles." " I am glad to hear you say that," I replied ; " I should be sony for him if he were to win only a fair-weather wife." Miss Lawson charged me with all manner of affectionate messages for her betrothed, and I departed. Sly friend's illness lasted for some days, and even after his recovery the fever left him worn and pale. " Frank," he said to me on the first morning that we breakfasted together in Ttorrtraragroom; r ami fcWnfa rr — Miss Lawson her freedom, and I want you to be a witness to our interview. I have thonght the subject out during my illness, and I trust I have come to the right way of thinking. I shall make no allusion to the meeting in the gardens, as I do not want to compromise yon." I accompanied him to Mr. Lawson's house, and was present throughout a scene which touched me deeply. My friend SDoke with a noble simDlicitv. offering to release his betrothed, and im ploring her to withdraw from her engage ment unless she could give him her whole heart "I am twenty years your senior, Madge," he said, '.'and have nothing bnt my truth to commend me to you. Let us understand each other before it is too late. Nothing but misery could come to either of us from a loveless union." She looked at him with a curiously searching look, and hesitated a little be fore replying. " You must have some hidden reason for this formal offer, John," she said. " It is not a formal offer ; I have no reason bnt my desire to be secure in the possession of your heart" " Have you any cause to doubt me ?" " I cannot answer that question very precisely. There is snch a thing as in stinctive donbt I know and feel my own demerits. Our engagement was a hasty one, and I want to give you a fair opportunity for withdrawal before it is too late. I entreat yon to be true to me, Margaret — to me and to yourself. But I do not want to hurry you ; take time for reflection ; let me see you again to-morrow at this time." Mr. Lawson came into the room as we -mere taVmv Wn 1.1., . ' opportunity for speaking to me alone while Mr. Marlow was talking to him. " Your friend is looting very ill," she said, anxiously ; I fear this bank busi ness must be a seriouB affair." "Yes," I replied, with equal gravity ; "it means ruin for the losers." She had no time to question me far ther, and I frit assured that her mysti fication was complete. She attributed her lover's offer entirely to a change in his circumstances, which he was not can did enough to explain. He had not long to wait for his answer— it came by that evening's post. She had thought earnestly upon the sub ject, and was convinced that his offer to release her implied a donbt that was in compatible with perfect affection. It was best, therefore; that the offer should be accepted, and that both should hold themselves free. This reply came upon John Marlow as a thunderclap. In spite of her duplicity with regard to her old engagement, he had to the last believed in Margaret Lawson's love for himself. " You are right, Frank, he said ; " I have only exposed myself to a second disappointment I shall go back to India next month, and leave the ground clear for Horace Bawdon." "Whom she will jilt, jost as she has jilted yon," I replied. " She will never consent to many a clerk in a merchant's office; unless, indeed, the prospect of his future baronetcy should tempt her. The issue proved my guess correct Miss Lawson married a merchant-prince, whom she had met at her ancle's house, and whose budding attentions,, taken in conjunction with the bank failure, had templed her to the breaking of her en gagement This gentleman failed within six months of bis marriage, and fled from his creditors, leaving his wife to exist as best she might on her earnings as a daily governess. This means of subsistence has. however, been augmented of late by an annuity of seventy-five pounds, settied.nn her by an anonymous benefactor, whose name I know to be John Angus -Mariow. - My ftiend re turned to Tndfa, where - he -is now an eminently . prosperous man, bnt a con firmed bachelor, happy in the pursuit of his profassion, and with no thought be- 1 ypnd & I 