PROTESTANT HALL Tas laying of the foundation atone of the Protestant Hail, by Jthe Lord Bishop of Sydney, was foremost amongst I the events of the 9th November. It had been arranged i that there should be a grand procession of the various Orange Lodges and Friendly Societies. This was to move from . the Outer Domain at 10 o'clock ; and for about an i hour previous to that time the different societies continued to pour into the path. A great concourse of spectators had j assembled to view the proceedings. ] By a few minutes after 10 o clock the procession was | arranged and moved off, headed by an excellent brass baud, j loyally breathing for the inspiring strains of' God bless the Prince of Wales,' alternated by ' God save the Queen.' They were followed by a Protestant society with an enor mous . banner, on one side of which was depicted a full length painting of her Majesty. The next band was com posed of fifes and drums, playing (with some inconsistency) the market chorus from ' Madame Angot's Daughter.' There were, however, some half-dozen bands, and banners innumerable. In the procession there must have been many thousands, all decorated with blue and orange ribbons, and most wearing the regalia of the Orange lodges and friendly societies. Indeed as to the sentiment of the crowd there could l-e no mistake. Oranges were displayed everywhere on the tops of sticks and parasols and flag-poles ; in fact, wherever they could be made prominent. The procession moved off from the park by Hyde Park Asylum, to King-street, thence by Castlereagh-street to Hunter- street, and so by George-street, ana Bathurst strcet to the site. This is in Castlereagh-street, en the east side, and about midway between Bathorst and Liver pool sheets. A staging had been erected for the accommo dation of the Bishop and others concerned. Dr. Barker wore his hood as a Doctor of Divinity, with a black silk gown, and he was attended by a large number of clergy men and ministers of various denominations. The coup d'ceil of the scene was very impressive. The crowd com pletely blocked up the street for a considerable distance on either side ; tal the adjacent windows, balconies, and even the roofs of houses were filled with spectators. Flags were displayed wherever room could be made for them ; and the greatest enthusiasm appeared to prevail. Among the gentlemen present on the platform were the Bishop of Sydney, the Rev. Dr. Steel, the Rev. Dr. Barrv, the Rev. Mr. Oram, the Rev. J. A. Bowie, the Rev. G. it. Morcton, the Rev. A. Burdett, the Rev. H. A. Langley, the Rev. Dr. Gilchrist, the Rev. 1).' Allen, the Rev. C. Stew art, the Rev. Principal Kinross, the Bev, Dean Cowper, the Rev. J. Vaughan, the Rev. W. Ridley, the Rev. B. Chapman, the Rev. F. Hibberd, the Rev. Mr. Dixon, the Rev. John Ayling, the Rev. Dr. White, the Rev. Mr. Wood, the Rev. Mr. Barnier, the Rev. Canon Stephen, the Rev. Mr. Wilkinson, the Rev. J. D. Langley, the Rev. R. Sellors, the Bev. f. C. Kirby, the Rev. C. Olden, the Rev. G. Sutherland, the Rev. H. Mao ready, Sir Alfred Stephen, C.B., K.C.M.G. ; tho Hon. John Sutherland, M.L.A. ; the Hon. '8. D. Gordon, M.L.C. ; Mr. B. Palmer (the Mayor), Mr. Fosbory, Mr. W. Haslet, Mr. H. Dixon, Mr. S. H. Pearce, Mr. R. M'Coy. Lady Barker and several other ladies were also on the platform. The Rev. Mr. WitxtNSON (Wesleyan) gave out tho hymn, ' Before Jehovah's awful throne,' and it was sung by the vast assembly to the ' Old Hundreth ' tune — one of the bands leading, and Mr. Packer presiding at the har monium placed on the platform. Prayer was then offered by the Rev. G. Sutherland, and the 65th chapter of Isaiah having been read, the Rev. H. A. Langley gave out the hymn beginning ' O God of BetheL' which having been sung. Mr. R. M'Cov (chairman of the directors of the Pro testant Hall Company) expressed his congratulations at the huge, respectable, and orderly gathering brought, together that day to witness the laying of the foundation stone of a great building which was not intended for any particular Church, but as a centre where Protestants could all meet, sinking their denominational differences, and agreeing to differ, and wheie they could all unite in defence of the . glorious interests of their common Protestantism, which, they firmly believed, were founded on tho Word of God. He stated that a document, of which the following is a copy, would be placed beneath the stone : — ' This foundation-stone of the New South W ales Protestant Hall was laid by the Right Rev. Frederic Barker, D.D., I.ord Bishop of Sydney, on the 9 th day of November, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and seventy.five, being the thirty-third anniversary of the birthday of his Royal Highness Albert Edward, Prince of Wales, in the thirty- ninth year of the reign of her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, Sir Hercules George Robert Robinson, K.C.M.G., &c.;, &c.;, being Governor of the colony of New South Wales; Benjamin Palmer, Esq.. J.P., Mayor of the city of Sydney; Stephen Styles Goold, Esq., M.P., Grand Master of the Loyal Orange Institution; Robert Vescys, Esq., Pre sident of the Protestant Alliance of Sydney; SamueVBoud Gough, Esq.. President of the Protestant Alliance Friendly Society of Australia ; Right Rev. Frederic Barker, D.D., Lord Bishop of Sydney; Rev. James Cameron, M.A., Moderator of Presbyterian Assembly ; Rev. Samuel Wil kinson, President of Wesleyan Conference ; Rev. Morgan Williams, Chairman of Congregational Union ; Rev. George James, Chairman of Primitive Methodist Church ; Rev. A. Burdett, Chairman of Baptist Union. Provisional Directors of New South Wales Protestant Hall Company (limited) : Richard M'Coy (chairman), Samuel S. Goold, M.P., William Hezlet, J. P. .John Hurley, Rev. John M'Gibbon, LL.D., Robert Thompson, Samuel Baylis, H. C. Colyer, W. H. Pigott, J. C. Beare, J. D. Morris, John Bibb. John Ramsay, secretary. Thomas Rowe, Esq., architect Henry Everaj contractor for founda tion. Dated at Sydney, thia ninth day of November, 1876.' He stated also that there would be placed beneath the stone a copy of the Sydney Morning Herald, Evening News, Christian Advocate, Protestant Standard , Australian Churchman , and The Witness. Mr. M'Coy, on behalf of the Protestant Hall Company, presented the Bishop of Sydney with a silver trowel and mallet, with which the Bishop, under the direction of Mr. Rowe, the architect, load the foundation Btone of the Pro testant Hall, in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost. The Bishop, having laid the stone, then addressed the assemblage aa follows: — It is with vety great satis faction that 1 take the part assigned to me in this day's proceedings, and assist my fellow Protestants in providing a suitable hall for their meetings. I deem it an honour to have been asked to lay this stone. I accept the request as a mark of confidence, and rejoice in Buch an evidence of the esteem which so many of the citizens, of Sydney entertain for one who has Uvea before them for twenty years, and who makes no other claim to their regard than his earnest desire and consistent en deavour to uphold the principles of the Reformed Protes tant faith. (Cheers.) 1 beg to thank the friends who have thus distinguished me, and have afforded me this pubUc opportunity of commending those principles to the attention and acceptance of many who, if they do not hear, will read the words here uttered. We are Proteatante. What then P asks some one. What is a Protestant P ami what is the Protestant religion? and where was your religion before Luther P and so forth. We reply that our religion is in the Bible, or, in other words, that the Bible, and the Bible only, is the religion of Pro testants. We differ, no doubt, on some, and perhaps many points; but we agree in this, our. rule of faith is the Word ' of God. Whatever is not found therein, or cannot be proved thereby, we do not receive, and if an attempt is made to force upon our acceptance articles of faith we can not believe we protest — (cheers) — and have for some ages protested, and have protested with such effect that wherever the English language is spoken them you will find a people agreeing to maintain this fundamental principle— that the Bible Jb the sole rule of faith. (Cheers.) Agreement upon this point is agreement upon a foundation of troth, lire testimony of Scripture is the rock upon which the Church is built. It is founded upon tho Apostles and | Prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the head corner stone. Any other foundation than this is faulty, and how ever fair in appearance or lofty in pretension the super structure may be, if not resting upon this one foundation, ft is doomed to destruction; of it as of great Babylon, it will one day ho mid, ' It is fallen, it is fallen.' Letitbe observed that the differences of Protestants are differences in the interpretations of Scripture, and these diffe oncei can never cease so long as freedom of inquiry and liberty of conscienoe are allowed to men. (Chens.) The day is past when it was possible to produce a dead uniformity by the violent suppression of the utterances of amajrakxned and inquiring conscience. We may and do differ upon the meaning of certain terms in which Church government is set forth ; but in this we agree — we recognise one and only one Supreme Authority, we make our appeal to one Statute Book — the Word of God. And I repeat that so long as mm are honest and free, such differences will pre vail, and are no valid objections against the authority of the Scriptures. Very conscientious and able advocates differ widely in their interpretation of an Act of Parliament Very learned and impartial judges may be quite unable to agree in their decisions. But all, advocates and judges, are of one mind in this respect, that, whenever the law is ascertained, it is supreme, and must be obeyed, and to this extent all Protestants are agreed — with them the authority of Scripture is final and decisive. Their difficulty in determining the meaning of Scripture has led some to desire that an infallible interpre tation of it could be obtained, and they have sought relief from the responsibility of private judgment in the voice of the Church, the unanimous consent of the Fathers, or in the authoritative decisions of some spiritual guide. The Church of Rome professes to supply this guidance, and affirms that the Pope, to whom, in the Pope's letter to the Emperor of Prussia, all baptized persons are said to ' belong in some way or other,' has authority to decide in matters of faith, and that all who yield themselves to his infallible decisions - are safe. ' I claim, ' f&yti; Archbishop Manning, speakiDg in the person of the Pope, 'to be the supreme judge on earth and director of the consciences of men, of the peasant that tills the field, and the prince that sits on the throne, of the household that site in tho shade of privacy, and the legislature that makes laws for the kingdom. I am the last supreme judge oh earth of what is right and wrong.' (Laughter.) Against these statements and the claims founded on them, we protest as unscriptnral and untrue. (Cheers.) Thev are 'fond inventions,' ' fables of the middle ages,' falsehoods, founded upou forgeries. Take for example the famous donation of Constantino, as it is called, by which it was pretended that the Emperor Cjn stantine gave to the Bishop of Rome imperial power and honour, made him judge in all that concerns the service of God, gave him supreme authority over all the Churches in the world, and conferred upon him the sovereignty over Rome, Italy, and the Western regions. Our Irish friends are, some of them at least, indignant at being placed under an English Government, and are vehement in thoir aspirations after independence and Home Rule. Does it eyer occur to them to inquire how . they were first brought- under the hated Saxon yoke ? A Pope gaye them over to an English king on condition that each house paid a penny to Peter. Pope Hadrian blessed the second King Henry's invasion of Ireland and founded his grant of tho kingdom upon the authority of the forged donation of Constantine. (Cheers.) The false decretals were a still more stupendous forgery. The end aimed at in them is the same as in the donation of Constantine; the Bishop of Rome is universal Bishop, and all appeals are finally to be carried to Rome. These forgeries served their purpose. They were sanctioned by infallible Popes. For centuries they were held to be authentic, and though now abandoned and pronounced to be forgeries by every modern historian of repute, in the catechism of tho Council ef Trent and by Liguori they are still referred to as of authority. Against the claims thus propounded and supported we protest. For six centuries the Roman supremacy was unhoard of in the universal Church. It is rejected in the East to this day. We refuse to admit it on these and on other grounds. No man has a right to claim supreme authority over the conscience of another. We are each of us re sponsible to God, and that responsibility cannot be snared by another — cannot be usurped by another, however high his position or great his power. Instruction, information may be given, exhortation and persuasion may be used, but when one attempts to extort from another the profession of that which in his heart he disbelieves, a hypocrite or a martyr ia made; and if the body is saved from the flames, it is at the peril of the soul. In the domain of conscience, we call no man master or lord. We' claim and we exercise the right of private judgment as a part of that inheritance which our forefathers purchased, not without some cost and labour and suffering even unto death. These 'claims of the Church of Rome, against which we protest, set up and maintained by forgery and fraud, were for some ages received, or were chal lenged hut by few. They were times of ignorance of the Scriptures, ' there was no open vision.' But with the revival'of letters and the discovery of printing, when Erasmus published his edition of the Greek Testament, and , Luther and Tyndal gave to the people the Bible in the vulgar tongue, then light broke in upon an awakened Europe. The night of darkness was indeed long; the truth had been fettered and thrust into the inner prison, and its feet made fast in the stocks. The Reformation was an earthquake, a manifestation of divine power, before which many who had been the gaolers and tormentors of God's servants were constrained to cry out, ' What shall we do to be saved?' A liberated Bible 'freed the world from mental and spiritual slavery. This was felt and feared. Every effort was made to suppress and destroy the early printed copies of the Scriptures, and with such succoss, that of some editions of Tyndal's not a single New Testament remains, while he, the noble Englishman who first gave liberty to the world, was treacherously seized and strangled, and his body burned at Velvorde. But the Word of God was not to be thus bound. When the English Bible was allowed to be circulated throughout the realm the Reformation became an accom plished fact; the English nation took up that protest against the usurpations of the Bishop of Rome, which, save- for brief intervals in the reigns of Mary and the second James, has continued to this day. (Cheers.) The English Reformation gave decided and permanent form to that protest which the Reformation began. At the Revolution the Protestant settlement was established— a transaction in virtue of which her Majesty Queen Victoria sits upon the throne. (Cheers.) In that settlement is the statute of William and Mary, cap. 6, entitled 'An Act for establishing the Coronation Oath;' and one of the articles of that oath is to the following effect : ' Will you, to the uttermost of your power, maintain the laws of God, the true profession of the Gospel, and the Protestant reformed religion established bylaw?' (Cheers.) It is thus one of the conditions by which the settlement of the Throne is secured to tho present Royal Family, that the Sovereign is a Protestant, and swears to maintain the Pro testant reformed religion. (Cheers.) This expression occurs also in the Act of Union with Scotland ; and on high authority it is maintained that the words were made large enough intentionally to include the Church of Scotland, of which Archbishop Tenison said at the time : ' He believed tho Church of Scotland to be as true a Protestant Church as the Church of England, though he could not say it was as perfect.' (Cheers.) The, Queen of England carries out the spirit and intention of this Constitution when sojourning in her Highland home she worships and communicates in the parish church as a Pro testant in the Presbyterian form. Again in the Roman Catholic Relief Act the religion of England is styled the Protestant religion, and the Church of England is the Pro testant Episcopal Church. Have we then any reason to' be ashamed of tins maligned word ? (Voices : ' No, no.') I trow not. According to the Constitution of England the Queen, God bless her, must be a Protestant. The Prince, whose birthday we commemorate, is a Protestant, and must remain such as he ascends the throne. The religion of England is Protestant, the Church of England is Protes tant, and 'Englishmen,' says the Times in aa article on the old Catholics of Germany, ' are Pro testants to the back-bone.' (Great cheering.) There are indeed some who, disavow this term, and one prominent member of the Ritualistic patty is reported to have gloried in the fact that he and his had for ever got rid of the odious word Protestant. We can believe the report to be true, since in the present use of the term we understand that Protestanism is a principle opposed to Sacerdotalism, and is a perpetual protest against the whole body of ritual doctrine, the avowed object of which, is to exalt the sacerdotal function, and to trans form the minister of the people into the priest of the sacri fice.' (Historicus'' in the Times.) If this is a correct definition of Protestantism no wonder that Ritualists and their followere reject the word. But it is further said that the term is unmeaning, that it teaches nothing and is simply a negation. Tho phrase U no doubt understood in a sense different from that which was attached to it when on the 19th of AprQ, 1529, the Elector of Saxony, the Landgrave of Hesse, and many others at tho Diet of Spire, publicly protested against the decree of that Assembly, ana appealed to. the .Emperor and a future Council. The name, however, from that time onward has been common to those who have forsaken the commaaton of the Roman Pontiff — who deny his supreme authority— and appeal to the Word of God. This objection to the word Protestant that it is simply a negation, would apply to a considerable part of the Decalogue, and to the teaching of the Prophets, Apostles, and Our Lord Himself. In all these prohibition occupies a large space, j and while the word Protestant does in the first j instance declare that, as respects the Church of Rome, we are Protestants, it is perfectly well understood that we hold all that to be true which is revealed in the Scriptures. And if. it be said that the origin of the term shows that Protestantism is novel and schismatical, we reply that the reformed religion is no novelty; the Fathers of the English Church are the Apostles; it is the Church of Rome which is modern in its many innovations on genuine Christianity (cheers) — on the Christianity preached by Our Lord and His Apostles, and the Christianity exhibited by the writers of the first four centuries of the Church. (Cheers.) Our contention is this — the Church of Rome has abandoned tho straight rule of the Word of God, but we have observed it. If we cannot travel in company, it is because they, not we, have left the ' old paths.' When the Reformation dispelled the fogs of ignorance and superstition, and let in the rich light of heaven, men could no longer be induced by a pretended in- fallibility to give their' sanction to errors and practices of a most dangerous «i'i deadly character. ' At the Reforms- tion God raised up men with power and disposition to examine the claims of the Church of Rome, and with in trepidity to proclaim the results of their inquiry. And when England rose in her might she shook off the yoke of that Church. The Reformation was a denial that the Bishop of Rome had any authority in England. A claim was then resisted which ought never to have been admitted, and a power was resumed which ought never to have been delegated ' — Melvill. The Reformation was thus a restoration — a restoration of the supremacy of the Word of God, of public worship to an intelligent ser vice, of justification before God to Christ alone, of liberty of conscience and freedom of inquiry. -The Reformers were no mere schismatics than were the Apostles, when they left the Jewish Church in its superstition and unbelief, aud formed tho Church of Christ. Let no. man be led astray by the assertion that our common Protestantism is a novelty. We are satisfied with our position in history. The Protestantism we profess is old faith, that which was from the beginning, and for the truth of which we appeal to the Word of God. If any one objects that statements of the kind I am now making are uncalled for, and that whatever the Church of Rome may have keen in days gone by, there is little danger to be apprehended from that quarter now, Let him consider that an infallible Church cannot change, its motto is 'semper cademj' and though, chameleon-like, its hue may vary, its claims to supremacy and universal sway over the conscience, the liberty, and the life of every baptized j person are the same to-day as of old. What says Mr. Gladstone — (cheers) — of ope of two latest utterances of the Roman See. In the Syllabus, ' the Pope has condemned with fearfully energetic epithets those who maintain the liberty of the Press, or the liberty of conscience aud of worship, or the liberty of speech, or who hold that the Church may not employ force, or that in countries called Catholic the free exercise of other religions may be landably allowed.' Let no man be induced by smooth words and fair speeches to believe that any change for the better baa come over the Church of Romo. The snare is set, the pit is dug, and men cannot be driven blindfold into it ; they way bo dazzled by a false glare. If thev cannot be coerced they may be beguiled. Too wise in their own conceit to seek God prayerfully and humbly in the Bible, they may be captivated by a religion set forth in an attrac tive form, and thus has been truly said ' A day of great intellectual light may be as favourable to the Chuvchof Rome as a day of * great intellectual darkness,' For these reasons our protest must still be continued. Tho danger to be apprehended from the principles and practices of the Church of Rome is as great as ever, and it is impossible that there can be union and peace between us , and thorn. 'True brotherhood , can never be maintained by compromising principles.' The Apostle himself, when exhorting us to live peaceably with all men, guards and limits that direction by the possibility of doing this. ' If it be possible, as much as lictli in you, live peaceably with all men.' Yes, as much as licth in us, let us live peace ably with our Roman Catholic neighbours and fellow colonists. Let nothing he said or done calculated need lessly to provoke angry feelings : hard arguriients if you 'will, but kindly words nevertheless.. (Cheers.) And yet with every disposition to avoid giving unnecessary offence it must needs be that Roman Catholics will count us their enemies because we tell them the truth. Towards the Church of Rome we must live iu au attitude of oppo sition, by argument, by counsel, by exhortation, by prayer. Let me add that no man should go, or allow others with whom he has influence to go, into the way of temptation. Why go to hear discourses which are intended to conduct you into the pale of the Romish Church? (Cheers.) Let no man sanction the marriage of his child to a Roman Catholic. (Great cheering.) Let no man subscribe to the building of Roman Catholic places of worship. (Great cheering.) Be kind, be neighbourly, give relief iu dis tress, help in sickness, but do nothing for the advancement of a religious system against which our very name is a perpetual protest. (Cheers.) Let me remind you that while you protest against error, you are bound by your profession to commend the truth. Is the Word of God supreme as your rule of faith ? — then let its power he seen in regulating your life. You boar the honoured name of Protestant : adorn it by the still lfiore honourable character of the Christian. The consistent, kind, and loving life will do more than the loudest protestations to commend your principles. I pray that the Divine blessing may rest on the labours of those who arc engaged in the erection of this hall, and I trust that they will meet with a large and liberal sympathy from the people of this colony— that they will not*on)y be able to complete the present structure, but throw back the walls into the adjoining street, and thus show to the community of Sydney what the Protestant strength is. (Cheers.) I earnestly hope that this hall, amongst other advantages, may be used for the diffusion — by lectures or classes.— of scriptural truth, as well as for the transaction of business. I know not what provision is intended to be made for the elevation of the character of the members of the different bodies meeting here, but I trust that occasionally such in struction may be given as will tend to. the formation of religions, intelligent, and prudent communities, dis tinguished for attachment to tho cause of order and good government, a wise mid understanding people in this fair Australia of ours, a loyal people — loyal to the Bible and the Crown, and who, in faith and practice, will adopt that significant emblem of the British Constitution — the Crown supported by the Word of God. (Cheers.) The Rev. Dr. Steel gave out the hymn beginning, ' Standing hy a purpose true;' and this having been sung, the Rev. Dean Cowper pronounced the benediction. Cheers were given for the Queen, the Prince of Wales, and the Bishop of Sydney, and the procession reformed and walked, by Bathurst, George, and Devonshire streets, to the Exhibition Grounds, where, in the afternoon^ a pro gramme of outdoor sports took place ; and music^ and speeches inside the building in the afternoon and evening. There was a very large gathering of persons numbering about ten thousand in the Park and grounds in die after noon, and the weather being favourable, the sports could be thoroughly enjoyed by the spectators. They included flat, hurdle, ami sack races, tossing (he caber, throwing the hammer, putting the shot, touching the can, and hop, step, and jnmp. Prizes were given to the successful competitors. Inside the building there was a programme of vocal and instrumental music, opening with aa organ recital by Mr. *W. G. Broadhnrat, who acted also as acoompanist. The vocalists were Messrs. James, John, and H. Godfrey, Edward Callow, Miss M. L. Harvey, and Miss Bessie Har rison, besides several gentlemen amateurs. T he programme included a good selection of popular songs and duets. Again in Hip evening there was a crowded attendance in the building, 6000 persons at least must have been present. Sir Alfred Stephen, K.C.M.G., C.B., presided, and upon the platform, wore Mr. Wisdom, M.L.A. ; Mr, Dibbs, M.L.A. ; and Mr. Goold, M.L.A., and a large num ber of ministers of different Protestant denominations. Luther's choral having been, performed on the organ by Mr. Packer, and the song ' God Bless the Prince of Wales ' being sung by Miss M. L. Harvey, Sir Alfred Stephen said At the request of a large number of my fellow-citizens, I am here thia evening to unite with them in celebrating the com mencement of a Protestant Hall. The building, there fore, as its name implies, is to be devoted to- purposes and objects connected with the several Protestant denomi nations ; and, as a member of one of these, I did not think mvsclf at liberty, nor was 1 disposed, todeeline the invita tion with which I was thus honoured. But, if any person supposes that therefore I Lave any feeling of unkindness — still more of hostility — to any other section or class in tho community, or that I contemplate in this movement the promotion of uneharitableness or ill will towards others of a different fiiitli, he does me signal injustice. Myself a Christian and a Protestant, 1 do not seek to disavow my svmpathv with all that may reasonably interest my brother Protestants, whatever their varied Rhades of opinion. Recognizing nevertheless the fact that other Religions and Beliefs exist among us, I would at all times far rather consider the points, however few, in which we agree, than those wherein we widely differ. In so saying I advocate no compromise, and in essentials no indifferent ism. But the strongest and firmest adherence to our own tenets, and the warmest desire to propagate and extend thtm. are not incompatible with perfect respect and good will towaids those whom in matters of Faith we most oppose. It is a sufficient misfortune to know Ihit so far antagonism is unavoidable. Let us not aggravate the evil by dogmatically passing judgment on our neigh bour. as if in such questions there were no standpoint but one-^-stiH less by speaking or even thinking harshly of him. I believe these to be the feelings, in the main, of the projectors and supporters of this great undertaking; the erection of a Hall, with appropriate adjuncts and appropriate accessories, in which all the sections of Protestants aud their various Friendly Societies nitre meet together, for mutual instruction, support, and good fellowship, and the discussion, without bitterness, of topics the most important \- which can. engage the attention of mankind. In this per suasion I heartily wish the undertaking success, and am glad that I have been enabled to take part in the proceed ings of the day. T A programme of sacred music was gone through very satisfactorily by the vocalists who took part in the after soon concert, with Mrs. D. Davis and one or two others. Mr. W~. G.Broadhurst acted aa conductor, and Mr., Packer as organist. The Revs. G. Sutherland, J. C. Kirby, and J. Itsmier delivered addresses during the course of the evening, and it was approaching 11 o'clock when a very successful entertainment was brought to a close with the . ' National Anthem.' The following is a description of the new Protestant Hall on tho east side of Castlereagh-street, a little south of the intersection of Bathurst-street, designed, and to be erected under the superintendence of -Thomas Rowe, architect, Vickory's-chambers, Pitt-street. The elevation has a frontage of 87 feet 9 inches in length, and 68 feet in height to toe top of central pediment. The style adopted is a free treatment of toe Italian. The fagade presents three stories in height and well broken in length, dis tinctly marking toe centre, the entrance porches and plank ends, which contain toe staircases with three tiers of rich couplet windows, with pannelled mul lions, enriched caps and impost moulds, crowned with a handsome segmental pediment, enriched with carvings, and surmounted with corner ornaments, and roofed with high Mansard roofs, crested with ornamental ironwork, support ing flagstaff's. Each 6ide of the flank end there are spacious and deeply-recesscd entrance porches, giving distinct access to 'toe great hall and dispensary on ground floor ; also, to gallery and Board room of first floor, and to lodge rooms on second floor. Over the entrance porches there are two stories of single light windows. The centre is marked by throe stories of triplet windows, with handsome panelled mullions, carved caps, imposts and moulded labels, giving light to the dispen sary on the ground floor, board-room, first' floor, and lodge rooms second floor, surmounted by a handsome central circular pediment, enriched with carvings, vases, cupids supporting the Holy Bible, and finished 'with. Royal crown on top. The roof behind centre is also high pitched crested with ornamental iron work. The elevation has a bold entablature. The freeze is broken with cantaliver, with sunk enriched panels. Each story is. marked with well designed string courses to blend, with entablature. The windows of front are all semi-headed, toe intersections of label moulds terminating with qarved bosses, the piers and imposts with foliated caps. The arches of entrance porches are also moulded with carved key 6tones, supported on sunk panelled piers, with carved caps. The doors inside, with stone tympanum ever same, will have carved medallions, with head of her niost gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, and the head of his Iioyal Highness the Prince of Wales. The perches will be enclosed with ornamental gates of wrought iron. The entire front is intended, to be built of best quality Pyrmont freestone rubbed work, and if completed as per design will be a valuable addition to our stook of public buildings, and will present a handsome, sub stantial, yet cheerful appearance, and in every respect suitable for its intended use. The proportions nave been carefully studied, and the ornamentation well distributed. The arrangements are as follows: — Access to the dis pensary on ground floor is direct off, each of the porches measures 24 x 15. The great hall is also on the ground floor, entered direct off the front porches, measuring 77 x 50 x 31 high, with galleries around three sides, containing in all, viz. : — Ground floor will scat 750 adults ; gallery floor, 350 adults ; total, 1100. On occasions will contain \- 1200 adults. On the north and south sides there are open passages outside the building giving access to the retiring rooms, thence by a passage formed by a screen to platform. The conveniences are situated in toe open passages, outside main walls, by means of toe outside open passages. The great hall is lighted and ventilated bjr opposite windows, together with air flues in wall, See. Egress and ingress is amply provided for in the great hall. There are exit doors in each porch extra to the doors by which the hall is entered. The same are within 17 feet of the street-path. Total number of doors to hall ground floor are six. Gallery Floor: The galleries are accessible by spacious staircases off broad landings along the main front at toe north and south end, accommodating 350 or 400 adults. Perfect lino of sight will be secured to platform. In consequence of toe platform being in toe centre of side of hall, the galleries will then be along the opposite side and two ends. The treatment adopted will also ensure per fect acoustic properties, a central feature has been made of toe interior effect at the back of platform, having a bold arch with couplet pilasters enrichod spandrils, with ornamental figure with shield and royal arms. Theiron columns supporting galleries will also support the second floor containing lodge-rooms. The gallery will be an important feature in the interior of great halt, with its handsome lofty recessed panelled ceiling over. At toe book of toe gallery,' immediately over toe dispensary, wiU be a board room. ' The second floor will be entirelydevoled to lodge-rooms, four in number, with two ante-rooms ; each room is spacious in its dimensions, 37 feet x 25 feet, and 15 feet -high, well lighted and ventilated. Three rooms can be made into one spacious _ com partment for occasions, 77 feet x 37 feet 6 inches. For tea meetings, &c.;, a kitchen is provided under the roof, water to be laid on, and stored under turret roofs over the staircases — toe same will answer in case of fire, or to supply coppers in kitchen, which is intended to be provided with gas stoves to boil toe water. The same can be drawn off in any part of the house by means of pipes boxed around and packed with sawdust. Tea could be made and drawn off on the same principle. Speaking-tabes to toe kitchen,' qlso a lift will be provided for the convenience of such meetings. The contract for foundations lias been entered into — Mr- Evers, builder, is toe contractor. 