: DENS' THEOLOGY., .. . A kespected correspondent has ' written to us to: ask if it be really true thai the ' priests of the Romish Church are taught the abominable "moral, theology of Dens.": He wishes »to know if thev be still in- structed in such moral theology.; .and. if this be done with the .authority and , approval of the Roman Catholic bishops. : We are glad that these questions are put to us because they indicate doubt tliat it is impossible , that such things, can be ; and they.: give us an opportunity of dis posing of the very common i-efuge of Roman Catholic priests, and Roman Catholic laymen , who are ashamed to be .thought connected with such' abomination —viz., " Not' true." " Protestant slander." " Protestant hatred to the chui'ch." , : If a Protestant get hold !of a copy of Dens, or of a copy of the " Extracts, " lie is shocked, ' and' he casts down: the book, with indignation, saying, "disgusting," ", obscene," cannot be true " — " the filthy rubbish !" This feeling of disgust is perfectly justifiable ; for the- whole thing is so" abominable that it is thought scarcely credible that professors and students; un married men, and especially " holy men," would discourse and deal in the abomina tions and obscenities which are . to be'; found in Peter, Dens; and the. immediate:; inference is : that th e book has been got u p by some filthy wretch who wishes to re proach and injure the church. , On' the other hand, if a Roman Catholic gets hold: of a copy of Dens, he recognizes the truth of the statements in it at once ; he. sees' with his eyes what hitherto only his ears have heard more or less modified according, to circumstances ; but' as he thought that such matters were " under the seal of the' confessional," and "strictly private," he either boldly denies the truth of them, or he equivocates because he is ashamed to be thought mixed up with a system of such dark and deep immorality. As a proof of this sort of .thing we give the fol lowing Some time ago a minister in Eng land dragged into light in a lecture the, "moral theology" of St. Liguori— another of the standard writers of the Romish Church, still worse if possible than Peter Dens— and he gave some reference to the pages and chapters of the book. It happened that in the report , of the lecture some of the figures were misrepresented. A priest immediately wrote to the papers and asserted that the statements of tho lecturer were false, and that 1ub references proved the falsehood, for in the places stated no such statements were to be found Of course this trick lasted only for a day or two ; for the book itself was produced and the priest was convicted of a little of the Jesuitry which he had been taught by Liguori and Peter Dens ; but his attempt to mislead the public was the result of shame ; he was ashamed that the abomina tions of his training should be exposed ; he was ashamed that the public should know the filth and pollution which priests and women are accustomed to in the con fessional. If the public really believed the statements made, the confessional would be doomed. If Protestant husbands who have Romish wives really believed what bachelor priests say to their wives and ask their wives in confession, not one of them would permit his wife to enter that obscene place. Hence the cry is raised " Npt true ;" and because the affair is so very bad the disposition is not to' believe it. . ; . , ... , But there is no escape. Peter Dens, teacher of theology in a' Romish school on the Continent, ; published , a work called " Moral Theology." It is a book designed for young priests, while they are studying theology, and for their use afterwards, when -they' are priests, to guide their practice. It has been the text book on the subject in Maynooth College, Ireland, for many years. With Baily and Liguori — both writers on the same disgusting sub ject— Dens is. ranked as one of the most . safe authorities ; and every priest at the present moment is instructed in the distinc tions which he draws, and lie practises in the confessional upon married and unmar ried women the questions which these writers have drawn up for their guidance. ' ; When " Dens' Moral Theology " was detected, by some watching Protestant, and its abominations were revealed in the light; the priests in Ireland and England raised a -great cry—" Not true "—or, " the , Church is not responsible for the teachings : of Peter, Dens."- But it was proved that the book ; was sanctioned by the Romish Archbishop of Dublin and set up as the .conference book in the diocese of Leinster. It was the .book used in the college ; and it is ' a book rin the possession ot every priest in Irelandand in New South Wales for the purpose of guiding him in his priestly work. , . ; : ; . , The most curious part of the ' story' is > this :,";when . the teaching of Peter Dens could not be longer . denied by : the Romish , party, it was. boldly1 'avowed, ''jdfid justified. Jt was justified on the, ground that just as a 1 " medical student requires to dissect the human body aud enter into all particulars; ,so the'moraZ student must dissect the feel ings and- passions, of the soul, and enter into . every possible wickedness ;" and the reason is ; alleged to 1 be the same in both cases; — "the medical student studies, the; human body . that he i may , detect disease- and know- how. to. treat it; and the moral student must study all sorts of wickedness of the mind and heart that he may know how to follow sin, and give the necessary penances to cure it I" ; < \- The following is the admission and justification as published in the Tablet, October, 1852, the chief Roman Catholic' organ in England We admit at once that the priesthood must be taught things .which are unfit jar the knowledge of women and «te>i,and that they. .have books, and that they . must read them, - which are wholly un fit for circulation among young, people. . . . , The books do exist and must exist, :so long as sin, is in the world and a priesthood to deed . with it. ,. . . Their purpose is to teach the priest how to dis criminate between'; sin and sin: . . . We admit also, everything which the Protest ant can , say against ; certain treatises of moral , theology, except that these books' are written for an evil end. Let these > books be bad, fall of language which 'can not be spoken We admit it all and much more. . . . . We certainly do not publish " extracts " from them and call public attention to, them ; we hide them as much as jtossiblej'rom : the eyes of all, and permit their use only to those who are, by the ;obligations of their office, bound to know them."" ' . ' . ' > Now; here is a-; full avowal of the fact,: and an explanation ofthe reason of it. It is added that, these books are written in Latin that the common7 people may not , read. them. And our readers will re member that poor. Mr. Murphy, the. con verted Romanist, who became a lecturer in England, and was recently actually killed because of his exposures, was prose cuted for printing " obscene literature " because he translated into the language of the people Dens and Liguori, that the public might see what foul abominations were dealt with in the confessional ! But' everyone knows that if the books are in Latin', and the priest gets his knowledge and descriptions in Latin, the use which he makes of la's knowledge is in plait. English. For example, he reads in Dens- the foul workings of men and women, in Latin ; but if he wants to track out sin in a penitent young woman and unfaithful married' woman, and if he makes use of the hints which Dens has given him, ' he does not ask the questions in Latin, but in plain English ; and thus it is, as many young women who have renounced Popery will admit, that they never knew of certain thoughts, feelings, passions, sins, and pol lutions, until they were suggested to them by the inquisitive Father in the confessional bo.c. No doubt the inquisitive Father is hunting for sin in order to prescribe his spiritual medicine. He is following up- thought and passion just as the medical man uses his speculum, to see the disease and, apply the caustic. But this is the very pollution with which Popery is charged, and it is the source of power to- ,the priesthood over women which makes the priest more to the wife than the husband, and more to the daughter than her own mother. ' Mr. . David Buchanan has added one more to the many useless things which he has said and done. He has published a book— and what a book ! His time, his ink, his energy, his paper, his money and : > his gas he has expended needlessly in. drawing up a book which is a reproach to him, or a proof that his practice in thet ; courts is not improving him. His theme '' is " a Christmas chant in prose." it is Mr. .;.- Buchanan's "old song;" but if this stuff . be his singing " a simple air " preserve us. from, the misery of his "intricate variar tions !" But there is no need for this prayer. : Mr. Buchanan has no varia tion, "and as for "intricate" ones, they are ; altogether beyond his conception. His ; simple air,. is ; this— "All churches are . corrupt but : the j Glassite church ; . all : ministers are priests, and all priests are impostors ; and all .impostors Mr. Buchanan is .commissioned to destroy ! " ;. The only sect not a, sham in the world, is - — " me, and mi faither." Now everybody knows .that we have -a great respect for the talents and boldness of Mr. Buchanan; ; <. We know and have acknowledged his worth in the House and country; if only in the work of exposing abuses and asking inconvenient questions. . But everyone knows also that we have honestly objected . to his waste of power. Of course he will . : say, " it is because we wish to share in the loaves and fishes." He will say that we do , not : wish to halve " our easy and comfortable mode of existence" endangered. The loaves and the fishes and the ease we hand over to him as a present, and - affirm - that in the law tliere are far more loaves and fishes than in the< Gospel. The clergy man who takes to "the church " in this . - ! colony, for the sake of : " loaves and fishes" _ has certainly mistaken his calling; butthere > may be some such, just as there are poor , creatures of barristers who never had the S' happiness, of seeing a, brief, unless in the 'hands of some- "learned brother." But' surely, if Mr. Buchanan, be not one of . - these, and if he. take to the law not for the. . . loaves and fishes, but out of pure love, for justice and purity in courts, he ought not to think it impossible ., that there are:some - clergymen who have something higher in . their work in the Gospel than the miserable : . pittance which is calleel, " loaves' - and fishes." Mr. Buchanan's book has some - good things in it ; as for example, when he says that a "bishop dying worth hundreds > ' of thousands is a 'reproach and " that every priest ought to get married." But the bushels of chaff and absui'dities in which these few corns are found ought to be committed to the flames. He says a great deal 'about the New Testament ; but ' it is evident that he knows very little about it ; for example, when he says that the sum of Christ's religion is this — "Do unto others as ye would that others should do unto you." Such " summing up" would never suit Mr. Buchanan if he / wei-e before Judge Faucett. His picture of the New Testament church is drawn from his own imagination. If he were to read the New Testament he would see that the actual church or churches founded by the Apostles were very different from the daub which he has pictured. So far from the churches being the pure, perfect, and holy thing which he has described as a " reality," that the New Testament is full of rebukes, censures, exhortations and in structions which prove the very contrary. The churches in the Apostles' time, with all their devotion, and sincerity, and love, were probably just as far from Mr. Buchanan's ideal, as the churches of the present day are from the wretched carica ture which he calls a "sham." The great sin in the modern churches is, in Mr. Buchanan's opinion, that the ministry is paid. He does not care about clergymen. living educated in Universities ; bmt thin, ' ngf.'W-'grO'CtT-l-i— r-r ." «cr :irs-.-c« r.': : -r.-, might pass; all , his anger is reserved for the' fact that' the clergymen are paid, what he calls, " wholesale extortion and plunder -of the people." He tells us that St. Paul did not get a salary ; he tells us that Paul -toolc mbat and drink when offered to him in his' travels ; and he tells us that Paul -never "dreamed of ministers being paid moneyi' but' laboured with his hands at a secular trade that all -ministers might do the same. Such reasoning as this is un worthy of a "barrister of the Middle Temple and the text, which he quotes to support it show that he does not under stand them. Paul indeed worked at a trade, and preached the Gospel without charge ; but while he did so lie said ex plicitly that the " Lord had ordained that they who preach the Gospel should live of the 'Gospel." He said too that lie had Hie 'power to take wages of the churches ; butvhe did not use this power for his own special reason. He said, too, speaking for himself, and the others, that if the people reaped their spiritual things, it is no great thing that they (the Apostles) should reap the people's carnal things." But Mr. Buchanan never saw those passages; he only happens to know that St. Paul was " a tent maker." Mr. Buchanan has one character for all the Churches1 — they are corrupt, an "unreal mockery, and a hollow . pretence." He has only one character for all parsons- — they are " paid hirelings " — "too well fed and comfortable to be disturbed." Well, it is impossible to miss these sweep ing charges. ' Mr. Buchanan is a reformer. He /has intense love for Luther. He seems to think himself "Luther Bedi- vivus." As Luther, with trenchant arms cut down impostors in his day, so the new Xuther will smash op all shams in these days. The old Luther hated hypocrites, and :so does the new; and hence we have Mr. -Buchanan's book, which is to be the explosive material by which- all the false \- and ; corrupt Churches and their hireling clergy' are to be blown to pieces! Alas. The old Luthqr vhad a title to be a reformer. He - had a right to speak of truth.' He had a right to denounce hypo crites.': He had a clear mission to knock on the head all clerical impostors. But what shall we say: about the right of this new Luther to act the reformer? He speaks of the great world as Ms church, and oi the sermons which come from breezes and spring flowers. Precisely so. Mr. Buchanan's church is the world ; and- the reason why his book and his talk is so full of wind, fe that he has his sermons from breezes, and all his tropes and figures are flowers ! But from the old Book we shall - qnote one . text in reply to all his senseless rant and indiscriminate abuse, and: so doing leave bim : "Thou that teachesfe another, dost thou teach thyself ? \- . . Thou that preachest a man should not steal, does thou steal 1 " Or in other words :. "Thou that dehouncest shams and abhorrest hypocrites, art thou not thy self a sham?. Art' thou the wise, noble, -consistent, godly nmn which a reformer should be when thou undertakest to say to every ocne— hypocrite ? . . . u Idkegal. PIsocession.s.— On Sunday mbrriing, a fortnigbVago, the authorities of St. Mary's, who are "Catholics first and Englishmen after-: wards," Iwoke the law of this colony in , the matter of religious processions. Our readers will remember how the Erminghani hermit/ Mr. Heydon, prosecuted Orangemen for going oh. a Sunday to chapel in line, riding along the road at Ryde. Where was he on that Sunday when the St. Mary's authorities trooped, a line of. -children and grown persons up the garden at St. Mary's into college street and down St. Mary's ®oad into the chapel, carrying banners and jsingmg hymns ? Dr. Colletti was master: of ceremonies ; and a ceremony he made of the affair on that Sunday morning. All the children were dressed in white, and his Grace was dressed in "full canonicals." The chadren and adult persons were '.'receiving the Holy Ghost," and after procession, in which they broke the law of the land, they were to receive the soul and. divinity - of Christ! Of course Orangemenor Protestants would never think of proseeutiiig "the showmakers ; lrat the show, in which ille gality is a prominent feature, is the ."holy, Apos-S tolie Roman Religion." " 4' y4'.-j4;7 _ Money' in Driblets.— Wb areoM'iiharon,' Sunday last; after benediction, and aftei' special services, there was a " large attendance '-of Cfatholics " in St. Mary's school-room, j in 'the: interest - of the Cathedral fund, and that after the meeting whs eloquently addressed by priest Mahoney and Mr. -.fames Curtis, the sinii df . £2 10s.; Sd, .was collected. This is not to -be supp.osed the weekly getting for the object. It is : the draining of the cask. The collectors, -wlio evi- > dently had not succeeded very well in squeezing , ... .the people on Friday and Saturday evening, had", their sums to hand in. Biit the stoppage of the'' corporation lyorks and the non-getting of.:th'e": Irish labourers, hire, played the mischief with , them. The poor labourers, who do. not get > wuch per week; are watched and tiouricfed uponY' hut as. the Corporation is hard 'up for money, nmj has. dismissed' its inon, how could the collec-: tors gekimy thing— or. unieh. ., The . jjeagver at Pabkek.— The Education- -League lias/ we are glad to see, .penetrated' by: 5ts able deputations to this t6wu'hdiij),\aud found." » hearty- reoeptiori, The meeting Svatydwddd awl the - areanlts, imost » Jaacouvugiiig. ?- The lite v. Mr. Kirby and Mr. Powell entered minutely into- all . the : objects of the League, and satisfied the people of' its; necessity.' Mr. Pyne, J.P., took the; chair; i; ... -. Apostates and .Julians.— Our Sydney Free-, man has already' found a name' and a simile for Lord Camoys, a- Romish Peer in England, who has substantially agreed with Gladstone in his charge against the Vatican decrees.. All of. a sudden Freeman has discovered that Lor.d Camoys is a man of " intellectual insignificance," He has discovered, too that he is an exact copy of the "Apostate Julian — a man guilty of heresy — and a man evidently trying to disbelieve ! " So much is denunciation natural to all Popish authorities and Popish imps, that nothing arid nobody dare stand before them. They must strike down at once as traitors, impostors, here tics and apostates all who. dare think for them selves. We hope Lord Camoys will in due course learn that the Vatican denunciations and anathemas are forestalled.by those of the Sydney Freeman. . , Fuel to the Flame of Treason. — In Rome and elsewhere a new effort is being made to fan the flairie of treason against Victor Emmanuel. He is getting on too well to be let alone. The hoped for rising is long of coming to restore the temporal power,1 The Pope's curses are long of taking effect. The more Victor is cursed, the more he flourishes. The more lie is consigned to perdition the more .successful he is in dis posing -of ecclesiastical property for State pur poses. . The blessed assassin -has not yet got q chance to cut off the " unchaste infidel — Victor Emmanuel." But now new efforts are being made to make a grand coup'. It is felt that Victor has been patient, almost to weakness, and that he has been quiet, while the Pope and his minions have been sending .him . to -the devil every day in, the . week. .. .He is not. going !to be so patient any longer. ' He is beginning" to feel that lie cannot safely allow breeders of sedition to live next door to . him; and foment treason by every act and word of their lives. Therefore he has intimated to all the Ruling powers that this is so, and requests that' the Vatican shall not any longer be recognised by them by ambas-. sadora. What now is the howl of the enemy? Victor promised certain things when going to . Rome — offered certain things if the Pope would accept the new state of things — and guaranteed certain things if his reign were accepted 'arid: loyally upheld. But the Pope refused ; and riot only refused to accept such conditions, but" he o has cried out even, since that Victor was a i robber — -a heretic — a sacrilegious wretch— arid ten thousand times has the poor Victor been, consigned to perdition ; so that the wonder is - that the devils have not carried him off long ago. .Well, but now, in spite of the fact that the Pope refused the conditions, and poured out anathemas -instead of blessings, the Holy Curser and. his minions upbraid Victor for not- fulfilling his; promises, and appeal to: the world, to see in his not fulfilling his promises the proof that he is both a liar and robber ! . The new effort will fail ; but: such fuel' to' trie flames of treason and sedition is quite in keeping with Catholic piety. ; . -Father Sheridan's New-Regiment.— Father Sheridan has become a second Father Matthew ; if nob in the sense\ of being, the. "Apostle of. Temperance, " at least iri the seris'e of the organi zer ofanew-'orderof teetotallers;' - He will riot call his new order the " Sons of Temperance ; " for that would . look to' much like heretical, societies ; therefore: he has' invented this more high-sounding ' arid" ' euphonious name, " The Australian Brothers of Temperance." . Well,' this "brotherhood '! -has been established at St. Francis's, amid . concerts, balls, . and Catholic., dancing parties. . Father Sheridan has . given his new order a new start. " He got Archbishop Polding to go arid give the brothers " a bles-J sing; "and not only a blessing, but a pictured The report does not say Whether .the |picture. was the likeness of the Archbishop or of the; -priest. But no" matter. " We are! quite" sure it' will be as effective/ as a charm; as the scapulars ' of. the Blessed Virgin. But the: new- regiment: will be ready ; for ,a great many othpr, purposes than that of' advancing the; cause of temperance:. 