EXTRACTS PROM AUTHORIZED ROMISH TEACHING ON THE VIRGIN MARY. The references, except where otherwise speci fied, are to a book called La Sainle Vierge d' Aprds les Pdres. We will preface our extracts by a quotation from the author from whom we borrow them : — We should not, we think, regard the dogma tic or even the popular teaching of mariology, shocking as it seems to us at the best, in exactly the same light, as we are obliged to do when we see it embodied in their devotions. Those who hold such sentiments we might regard as introducing heretical confusion in spiritual things, as believing fond superstitious fables which form no part of the Christian scheme ; but if they did not go beyond a mere abstract imagination or even opinion, it might be regarded as an error and nothing more. But .even these imaginations and fables are embodied, a3 they are embodied, in prayers, then they become realities in a man's spiritual state — they create a new religion, not only in the intellect or the fancy, but in the soul.. And so the possibility of these titles being habitually given to the Vir gin only in a secondary and improper sense, is excluded by the prayers which give tliem to her humanly, personally, properly. Thus prayer, praise, dogmatic teaching, popular belief throw light on each other — praise and teaching inter pret prayer ; prayer illustrates praise and teach ing by embodying them; popular belief brings out roughly and strongly the real nature of the notions which are wrapped up in the skilful dis guises of dogmatic sophistry; while dogmatic theology decides the question whether this popular belief is only an accidental perversion or. an essential development of the system. It will be necessary, then, to a proper appreciation of, and a fair judgment upon, the language of . the prayers and the devotional teaching, to look into the formal notions and statements of dog matic theology on the Virgin and her culte. The French writers at the head of our article present us with information abundantly suffi cient for our purpose ; especially the , Abbe Bar bier, from whom we shall principally quote, for several reasons— the first, because his work is, as we before said,, a Corpus Mariologicum ; the second, because, as it has the imprimatur of .the ecclesiastical authorities of one of the most important ' dioceses of Prance, no doubt can be thrown on its statements as unauthorised or unrecognized by the Rpmish Church ; especially as. it proceeds irom tne north side of the Pyrenees, where theewtte is Somewhat kept from the phase of utter degradation which exists in Spain, by the presence of an antagonistic creed, and an increasing, spirit and increasing results of education. . The following is from a chapter on the. various ways of honouring the Virgin, in which the adoration due to her is divided into external and internal. The . internal is taken first,; as giving "the movement, the weight, and the merit to the other." . \ " We adore or honour the most sacred Virgin internally, when' we venerate the virtues which have been granted to her, to make her worthy tor be the mother of God ; when we do her homage in consideration of her greatness, regarding her as the daughter of the Father, the mother of the Son, and the spouse of the Holy Ghost, the eldest born of all mere creatures, the Queen and Sovereign of all creatures ; we adore her internally when, beneath her grandeurs beyond compare, we bow the whole powers of our soul, our understandings, our memory, our will, feeling them to. be too low and vile to give her the honour she deserves, desiring- to have greater capacities for adoring her more perfectly. 'We adore her internally when we offer to her all that which the blessed in heaven, all the angels, offer her ; that which she has received on earth from the commencement of the .world, that which was possibly rendered her, but which we know not from lack of knowing the courts of heaven. We adore her ' internally when we wish to see her honoured everywhere and served with;, the greatest .purity .which, the spirit of man can' bring to the work;. and we pray God that he would cause her to be known, loved, honoured by all. We adore her inter nally when we do honour to her sacred body, to her holy soul, _ to all the mysteries of her most holy life, her immaculate conception, her most pure nativity, her miraculous annunciation, her mysterious purification, her happy decease, her 'glorious assumption,' her royal coronation, and 'so on." (D'aprds, iv. 414, 415.) . ; i We then have as points of external adora tion.: — ; .A -,.i r-;,.!.-. : Kissing the medals, the statues, the. name of the Virgin, and the spots which she has ever honoured ; the passages of books where she is spoken of— genuflexions, bowings of 'the whole body, which,: being the marks of worship prac tised before the great King of Heaven, ; passed thence into the religious worship of the world, Practised too bv our Lord when He nraved to His Father." (ibid.) 