NfiWS OF TBE DAT. Tho political situation remains unaltered, but" it is believed that a minute from the Government, advising the Acting-Governor of tlie position in which the Ministry have been placed, and containing reasons why a dissolution shonld be granted, will be handed to bis Excellency to-day. Sir James M'Cnllocb finds but scant favor with the journals that are opposed to Mr. Berry. For instance, the Kyneton Guardian writes : — " \Ye cannot hail the probable return to power of Sir James M'Culloch as matter for rejoicing. Of all our politicians he has proved himself the least to be trusted ; and the manner in which he has succeeded in now bringing himself to the front is so thoroughly in keep ing with past experiences that our distrust is increased rather than otherwise Only two months ago he was in league with the members of the present Ministry to driyo Mr. Kerferd and his colleagues from their seats. Now we find him coalescing with Mr. Kerferd to obtain office for himself. Two months ago he was loud in his com plaints that the proposed revision of the tariff was not satisfactory from a free-trade point of view ; and now we are authori tatively assured that in order to catch a few protectionists ho is prepared to ignore free- trade altogether and allow the protective duties to remain untouched. All things oonriderad, we must therefore regard it as at leaBt premature to conclude tbat a change from Mr. Berry to Sir James M'Culloch will ho an' undoubted benefit." Tho scat of Sir James M'Culloch, for Warrnain- bool, nppmrs by no means secure. Tho Warrnambool correspondeut of the Belfast Gazette writes : — "It has boon as serted by some that should a dissolution of tho Houso tako place, tho Hon. Graham Berry is not only prepared, but quite anxious to contest Warrnambool against Sir James M'Culloch, and tlioy are confident that tbo Chief Secretary would he returned. I nm inclined to the opinion that if tho gentleman who fought the battle at the last election so bravely were to again corao forward, ho would defeat oither of the present leaders." It is very evident that tho various constb tuencies are keeping themselves uu courant with the doings of their representatives. The Wangarattu Despatch has the following respecting the member for the Mnrray Boroughs and Mr. Witt, the member for tho Murray : — " We are glad to see that Mr. llanna voted agninBt the amendment of Sir James M'Culloch. Air. Witt, however, has shown himself tho friend of him who would not tax land, but who would ra&ko; tho poor pay still more than they do, whilst the pas toral tenant, who was made rich by tho in flux of population, is to ho let to go scot free." Air. O'Hea has, says tho Colac Herald, signified his intention to come forward as a candidate for Folwartli and South Grenville in tho event of an appeal to the country. Contrary to expectation, Cr. A. K. Smith was, on Saturday, elected to tbe position of chief magistrate of tho oity without any opposition. It was generally understood that Air.. Smith would find an opposition candidate for the honors of the civic chair in the person of Cr. Patersou. This speculation, however, proved groundless, land on Snturdny afternoon the retiring mayor congratulated Cr. Smith upou a unanimous voto in his favor. Tho election was followed by the interchange of congratulations incidental to the occasion. Quite a fleet of vessels from intercolonial ports arrived in Hobson's Bay on Saturday and yesterday. Three wero from Richmond River and one from Afaryborough with full cargoes of cedar, amounting in all to 340, 000 feet) nnd 101 logs; one from Wanganui, New Zealand, with 11,100 feet of bulk and 20,000 feet of eawn timber ; five froin tho Clarence with 7410 bags of maize ; one from Fiji, with 018 bags of inaizeand 722 bags of sugar; one from Greymouth, New Zealand, with 217 tons of coals ; iive from Tasmanian ports with grain and timber, and 14 froin Newcastle with 0057 tons of coal. There were four others telegraphed as having entered the Heads from Newcastle. The probability is that they have gone to Gee- long. Some of these from Newcastle have been much detained by adverse gales, allow ing others that left several days later to come up to them off Cape Howe, whence the lnrger number had easterly winds. There also arrived two barques, ono from Maiden Island and the other from Calcutta ; both came up last evening., The return ball to tho Alayor of Afel. bourne and Airs. Gatehouse comes off to morrow evening in tho Town Hall. The ar rangements of the committee havejbeen most complete, and the affair promises to prove a marked success. Air. Zeplin's band is en gaged for the occasion, and tbis should be a sufficient guarantee of the excellence of the music. The catering has been entrusted to Mr. Gunsler. The committee, we are re quested to Hay, will he obliged if thoso who purpoBo to attend will take tneu- tickets to day, in order that all the arrangements may becompleted. The Acting Government Astronomer re ports : — Tho weather during tho early part of last week was fine aud pleasaut, with generally heavy dews during the night, but became dull during tho latter part, with dense fog on tho early morning of the Stb, nnd a strong north wind and squalls on the 7th. The highest temperature in tho sliado, 70, was recorded on the afternoon of tho 4th; the lowest, 48. 8, on the early morning on tho 6th. The highest reading of the baro meter, 30.204, occurred on the morning of the Gtli, with a light south-easterly breeze ; tho lowest, 29.542, on the afternoon of the Oth, with light wind from S.W. and rain. Rain fell to tho amount of 0.20 inches, making the total rainfall since tho beginning of the year 23.45 inches, as com pared with 21.22 during the same period in 1S74; 21.10do., IS73 ; 22.70 do., 1872 ; 21.51 do., 1S71 ; 20.80 do., 1870 ; 10.45 do., 1809 ; 13.10 do., 18GS ; 19.17 do., 1S07 ; 17.44 do., 1SGG ; 12.00 do., 1865 ; 20.S4 do., 1S64;21;6G do., 1S03 ; 18.73 do., 1802 ; 21.99 do., 1801 ; 10.82 do., 1SG0; 17.07 do., 1859 ; 15.57 do., 1856 ; or nn average of 19.17 inches. 'On Saturday the Exhibition was again well atteuded, aud though the day was far from favorable, over 3710 visitors passed through the doors. During the afternoon the hand of H.A1.S. Nelson performed, Mr. Hill filling up the intervals with selections ou the organ. Alore effective arrangements having been made for the display of the limo light on the fountain, the consequence wns that the effect was much better than usual. During the evening the band of the East Melbourne Artillery played ou agree- able programme. To- day the Exhibition will be visited by over 1109 apprentices from Snndhurst, accompanied by 150 of their em ployers. They leave there by special train at 0 a.m., arriving at Melbourne at 10.30. From Spencer-street they will march down Collins-street and up Swnnston.street, headed by Hallas's Premier Brass Band, who will accompany them from Sandhurst. During the afternoon the band will play the following eelections: — March, Silver Trumpets, Vivian ; waltz, Hebe, Crowe; selections from Herotd's optr i Re Pre aux Clcrcs; polka, Alexandra, Stcue- lmgeu ; fantasia, English Melodies, Do Lacy ; quadrille, Monarch, Gay ; fan tasia, Evening about Town, Basquit ; waltz, Aladame Angot, Cooto ; bolero, Souvenir de Cndiz, Bosisio ; galop, Lucknow, Do Lacy; nnd Air. Hill will ngain give organ recitals. Tbe com- niissioners'have been extremely liberal with tho Sandhurst demonstration, having issued tickets available for three days for ouo shil ling cnch. New arrangements have been entered into for tho illumination of tho great fountain, anil this night the number of limn lights displayed will be 10. The eli'cct, we are informed, will he very brilliant and ex tremely beautiful, the new 0| orator, Air. Mann, having completed all the details for changing the colors each minute. 'The light will be shown nt half- past seven, half-past eight, and half-past nine p.m., nnd during the evening the band of tho Sandridgc Artil lory will perform. The attendances at tho Exhibitions of 1806 and 1SG7, 1872 anil 1S73, .ind 1875, during tho sixth week of each, were as follow : — 15,954, 12,145, nud 21,904. The receipts of the Exhibitions' 1800 and 1SG7 were £442 10s.; 1875, £584 10s. Cd. The steamer Golden Crown made tho first trip of the' season on .Snturdny. afternoon. The weather was wet and unpropitious, which probably nooounteil for the boat not being crowded. The vessel left Sandridge Piur punctually- to time, and by a quuTter-past one was out of sight from the pier. The ndditionnl accommodation provided was a subject of . general romark, and found unanimous favor with those on hoard. Tho trip was made in good time, and no fault could be found with the steam ing capacities of tho vessel. Yesterday the passage was again made, and tho state of the weather will satisfactorily account for the small number of pleasure-seekers who availed themselves of the opportunity of a short sea trip. The Golden Crown will now ran regularly throughout the season, full particulars of the times for starting and return being published in our advertising columns. The National Bank has issued n circular, to the local bodies haviug overdrafts froin it, stating, in oll'eot, that tho best legal au thorities have interpreted the 3 12nd, 344th, 345th and 518th clauses of tho Local Govern ment Act so strictly ae to come to the con clusion that they prevent couiicils now pay ing off overdrafts duo ou 301 h September last, and not paid on that date. The bank therefore proposes to place such unliquidated overdrafts in a suspense acconut, and to commence- afresh from the 1st October last. Some remarks appeared in a recent issue of this journal relative to the Oamara stone which iias been used in some of our public buildings, and we are informed by a Mel bourne gentleman that a few days before tlioy wero published he had received from Air. Kiddle, agent of the Oamaru property, the following frank statement as to the qualities of the stone : — " The stone has naturally a good deal of sap in it, and when built, if the sun shines on it, turns white aud whiter as it dries, till it is smoked ; but if, say in a lane or right-of-way, or some shaded Bpot where the sun never shines ou it, then it turns green. But there are two methods of curing. The first and simplest is to paint it with common white paint ; the other is much used here by private parties who have houses (not very large) built, and to make the stone thoroughly im- perviouB to damp or moisture, it is washed with limo nud tallow (of any sort), dis solved in hot water and washed in with a brush while hot. putting a Bkin on which prevents tho stone absorbing any moisture or turning green. As to tho Bait theory, I call that all bosh. Oamaru stoue is a lime stone, and has a tendency to absorb mois ture if in damp places, but when it gets tlie sun no such ollcct is visible. The quarry is on the brow of a very high hill ; not the ghost of a spring:, hot, cold, sweet, or salt of any sort, within goodness knows where." 1A\ e have been shown somo beautiful specimens of stone from White Rock Quarry, in the Rangiora district, Canterbury, New Zea land, where there is an inexhaustible quan tity. The weight averages IS cubic feet to tbe ton. Tbe stone is said to bo superior to the Oamnru stone, and is beimj used in Can terbury, N.Z., very largely# j.- all kinds of public buildings, storcs(ond(cliurchcs, among which is the Canterbury Cathedral, which, when completed, will be the largest and handsomest building of the kind in New Zealand. There are also many other build ings in course of erection. Mr. David Gray, of Canterbury, who brought tho samples of stone, has been requested to place the speci mens in the Exhibition. Tho Border Post reports tbat a consign ment of woolsacks from the jute factory of Mr. Thomas Macpherson, at Footscray, passed through ) VI bury recently, en route lor the Round-hill station, where shearing- commenced on the 17th ult. The superior article, irrespective of a trilling difference in the price, will always command a market. With their usual promptness, Messrs. Sands and Al'Dougall are again early in the field with their admirable series of Aus tralian Diaries for 1870. They have introduced lor tuo ensuing year live new hinds, bringing the list up to 18 diffcrcnt'descriptioiis. These are published here at the same rates as are charged iu Lou don for siuiilarpublicatious. Amorecomplete assortment it would he difficult to prepare. The series comprises commercial, rough, scribbling, pocket and office oalendar diaries, each class containing varieties of size suit able for the various purposes to which they are applied, according to the requirements of persons needing such publications. In addi tion to other|usefulinformationsupplementary to that formerly furnished in these diaries, a new interest and discount calculator, which is easily worked, has been intro duced. A trial of Alessrs. Ecliborg and Nolter'a new family washing-machine was held at the manufactory, 0 Russell-street, on Friday afternoon. The machine consists of a wooden trough, suspended by pivots upon wooden trestles ; the inner surface of the machine ia lined with turned angular corrugations, made entirely of kauri pine wood. The clothes to he washed are placed in the trough, with a sufficient quantity of hot soapsuds ; the lid iB then fastened down, and the trough is made to move up and down by a touch of the hand. The machine was submitted to a severe trial on'Friday. About a dozen dirty articles, amongst which were shirts, aprons and muslin dresses, were placed in the recep tacle, and after beiDg in the trough for five minutes they were removed, and upon ex amination found to be thoroughly cleansed. The article is an entirely colonial invention, and is speoially recommended for tbe celerity with which it performs its work, the impos sibility from its construction of damage to the clothes, and its reasonable price. Visitors to the Exhibition can have an opportunity of judging for themselves, as it will be ex hibited in operation thore this week. The inventors nave secured provisional pro tection, and intend to patent tho machine. Tlie telegraph department has, says tho Pleasant Creek A'ew.-i, outdone itself. In our Thursday evening's despatch we read ns news from New Zealand : — "Government lias carried the Abolition of Providence Bill through all its stages." From the Church of England Messenger no quote the following news respecting the Episcopalian body in Victoria: — Letters from tlie Bishop and Airs. Perry state that at the date of their last letters, they wero quite well. His lordship mentions that tho Gospel Propagation Society had promised £1000 towards the en dowment of tbe church in Alelbourne, on the condition that a sum of £4000 (should bo raised for the same purpose within the next five years. Shortly after this offer had been made, the Bishop accidentally ;met Air. William J. Clarke, who, withoutsolicitatiou, and with out knowing of the society's oiler, gave hia lordship £.1000, which has been placed to tho same account. As soon as the uews was r'ecived here a well-known member of tho church put down his namo for £200. Dr. Boake nnd Air. Wilkinson confwKa very seriously ill. Tho life of the latter' was con sidered for somo days to be in immediate danger, hut hopes nro now entertained of his restoration. The opening of tho Church Assembly having been delayed, the annual mooting of the Church Alissionary Society of Victoria, which was to have taken place on the 21st ult., is now fixed for Tuesday, 12th October. The Bishop of- Ballarat is expected to speak on the occasion. Tho arguments in Evaus and others v. the Queen came to a conclusion iu Chambers on Saturday, before Air. Justice Barry. Ll ia Honor reserved judgment, which will be given when he returns from circuit. An application wns made to Air. Justice Stephen in Chambers, ou Saturday, to setasido an injunction granted by Mr. Justice Barry in the suit of Harvey aud party v. Guunaud others, it was urged that the injunction had been ohtaiued by withholding from Mr. Justice Barry material facts which, if laid before him, would have induced him tu come to a different conclusion ou the case. Mr. Justice Steplieu set the iujuuetion asido with costs. The proceedings related to min ing lauds at Sandhurst. Ou Wednesday la9t George Gibson, a diminutive hoy, 11 yenrs of age, was charged at tho Emerald-hill Court with embezzling 7s. Cd., the property of Thomas Cuvrie. The boy had been apprehended shortly after midnight iu his father's house, and was locked np in a cell alono for the rest of the night. Tlie case was remanded at the instance of tho prosecutor, and bail wns allowed in one surety of £10; but as tbe police objected to the fnther on the ground that he was "not worth ten farthings," the. accused was kept in Alelbourne Gaol until Saturday. The case was then proceeded .with, and it wns shown that Gibson was employed as office boy at Cs. per week, and that lie had had sums of £00, £00, and even £100 at a time, pass through his Lauds, without anything heiug wrong in his accounts. Ho was nllowcd to receive vents nud give receipts for them, outering the amount in a scrap or day book. On tho 25th ult. he received 7s. Od. for a week's rent from one Thos. Croyle, aud gave a receipt for it. He also inserted the amouut properly ou the stump in the receipt hook, hut had omitted to make nn entry in the scrap-book. Air. Fisher, for the defendant, urged the improbability of its beiug a wilful omission, as the stump would ensure detec tion, aud besides tlie boy had always pl-ovt-d himself trustworthy with even very laiue.suuis. The bench committed him for ' trial nt the next Central Criminal Court. Bail iu £10 was allowed, and as tbe polico still objected to the father as surety, Air. Fisher offered himself and was accepted, as there is nothing to prevent a barrister from doing so, although an attorney is specially debarred from puttiug himself in that position. Thiee days since it was statod that Mr. Maddeu, of Brunswick-street, had loot two children by scarlet fover, and that auother «( iinf Aviwintail tn rannvor I'lllR linfc child was buried yesterday. A female died yesterday at Clifton-hill, Collingivood, of what is reported to be typhus fever. At the City Foliee Court, on Saturday, George Davis, alias Christopher Williams, alia w Chinaman Jack, and Eliza Wallace, alias Nelly O'Brien, were brought up by , Detectives Blaclcjand Christie on a charge of stealing wearing apparel on the 20th ult. from the house of Airs. Uther, Welliiigtoii- parade. The prisoners, who nro well known to the police, wero remanded until Friday next. On Saturday afternoon tiieusual half-yearly entertainment given to the hoys confine;) in - the reformatory school at Pentridge ' place. A capital programme of songs, read ings and recitations was gone through iu a creditable manner. There are at the present time about 105 boys confined in this school, and, owingtothecareof Air. Connor, a marked improvement is visible in their education. After the programme was gone through, a spelling bee was held, nearly forty of tho boys being tested by Air. T. J. Connor, South Yarra. The prize-takers were C. G. Bishop first, W. H. Bnkcr second, Ed ward Doran third, J. Croke fourth, James Costello fifth, and Jno. Doyle sixth. James AlacBain, ALL. A., and Mrs. Cr...nr kindly provided tbe materials necessary fo- the boys' treat. Strong efforts are being made by tho authorities at Pentridge to discover wheio the tobacoo stolen from tbo stores a few days ego is secreted, nnd two or thtio warders have been told off to 'ransack every hole and corner/ so as to find it. Weecliurch has settled down -in his usual apathetic style. \Yatder,.jUoran has b?cu able to resume duty, Mdllc. dcMnrska gave one of her most successful concerts at the 'I own Hall, on Saturday eveuiog. The attendance was not so numerous as on othor occasions, owing to the inclemency of the weather. A full Ac count of the matter has been crowded out owing to the pressure of late news and au yci tisements. This evening, MdUe.: de Murska gives another concert, in which she will sing, by special request, the mad scchc from Lucia, and two charming arias, in one of which Mr. John Hill will play a violin obligato, A irteting of the Spiritualist. and Free Though Society : was held at tho Masonic Hall last night, for the purpose of appoint- ing the officers of the society, i ho follow- ing gentlemen were elected : — President, Air. J. KossV vice-presidents, Aressrs. H.- Terrv and J. T. Kelly secretaries, Messrs. W. G. Davis arid L. Frost; treasurer, Mr. p. W; Stevenson ; coniinittoe, Messrs. J. r, . Kelly, J. Powell,- G. A. Stow, T. Griffiths,' J, B. Drew, Deakins, J. L. W illiams, Symp .. and T. Jury. . These vra9 a very good- house at the Royal on .Saturday evening, when Medea, with Mndamo Jananschek in the principal part, was repeated. This evening CUesney Wold will be produced, the German trage- aienne appearing in' the parts of Lady Ded- lock and Hortense. Aladame Janauschek's impersonation of tliese characters is said to be very powerful; the American press par ticularly neing unnuimous on the subject. The .popularity of "Girofle-Girolla seems to- increase with each repetition. On Saturday evening last the. Opera House was crowded in all.paits, there being hardly, standing room in the stalls. Miss Melville promises to become a .great fqyorite. Her piquonty' of style and vivacious spirits give all the ' charm ; of freshness to her per formances. Alrl Beaumont is a great acquisi tion .to the cast, all of whom deserve, credit for, the interest ' which they evidently take in'the business. Tlio piece is likely to com mand a long run. In consequence of several long telegrams coming to hand at. a very Into hour, we have leen compelled to hold over our sporting notes, cricket notices, aquatics and. botvliug,. aud al9o soveral other reports, which appears in a first edition. The annual meeting of the. Church of England and Presbyterian Church Pastoral Aid Society will be held iu the Asscmbly-ball this evening. \Ye are -desired to call the attention of the trades to a meeting this evening, to olect dele gates to wait ou the Acting-Governor Id ask for a dissolution, Tho first number. of the Wahgnnydh AVic.i is to hand. Judging from the toue of one of tho leading articles,' tho paper will bo of the most Conservative character. The Alelbourne Delating Society meets this evening at the Assembly Hall to discuss the question, ..Should England extend her colonial empire? Tho debate mil he opened by Mr. H. N.'P. Wolloston. A concert-will take ploco this evening in tho Tcmpcrauco' Hall; Kussell stsoct, for the benefit of Miss. Holly Driscoll, who. will sing a number of the roost popular songs from Struck Oil. The chair will bo occupied by Captaiu Adams. a-tea meeting and cutertninroeut, to celebrate the third nnnivorsary of tho Yarm Yarra Lodge No. 72, 1.O.G.T., will take place this eveniug u» the Baptist Chapel, York-street, Emcrnld-hill, at' half-past six p.m. Au excelleut programiuo Lns been provided. . .During the erection of tho Scots Church, Collins-street, an unfortunate workman, named Wliitworth, fell from a height ofj some 50 feet, and ' fractured both logs in several places ; he has since been, and will in all probability be for somo considerable time,' incapacitated from earn ing a livelihood, and being in reduced circum stances, tho Carltou Lodge, M.U.I.O.U.K., have decided on devoting tlio proceeds of a con cert and ball, to lake place at tho Fitzroy Town Hall, this evcuiug, to his assistance, 