NEWS AND NOTES. The long drought seems to have broden at last On Saturday there were a few showers, and during the night an almost continuous rainfall. Sunday was cold and fair, but with indication of still unsettled weather. On Saturday forenoon Mr Henry Griese a wag- goner, residing at Golden Point, met with a very severe accident. He was driving a wagon down Sturt street at a smart pace, on his way; to the blacksmith’s shop, being in a hurry at the time. As passing down near the Star office he pulled a little hard on the reins with a view of going slower, when one of the reins broke. Mr Griese’s two little boys were on the wag gon along with him. Concerned for their safety he instantly jumped down to try to secure the horses, but he missed his footing, and although he held on as well as he could by the breeching, yet eventually he fell, and the waggon wheels passed over the lower part of his body, inflicting very severe injuries. The by standers thought he could not survive long. He was forthwith removed to the Hospital. On Sunday night he was progressing very favorably. Mr Griese is a native of Hamburgh. A cruel exhibition of a trial of strength look place between two fine horses on the Camp Hill, on Satur day afternoon. with weights up to 3 tons 15 swt drawn by one horse, said to belong to Mr Fishburn, contractor, and followed by a crowd—such as usually attend the sale-yards— was walked down the hill with some half-dozen men hanging bn behind. At-the foot, of the hill, the horse was stopped, weights properly adjusted, and the horse -started on his task, to draw the‘heavy load up the hill; which it succeeded in doing by the aid of the driver at its head and judicious “tacking” and rest ing, though when opposite the Unicorn hotel it had a very narrowjescape,-,of- ; comingrtp grief. f .After this, the horse was unharhessed ahd 1 another-one-puliinj belonging we believe to another contractor, to perform a somewhat similar task; - Sergeant M'Cullbugh ap .■peared on the scene at this stage, and protested against it, but without effect, for this horse was also started for his severe task, which it would, apparently, have accomplished, had it been as carefully “coached” as it opponent. But when about-two-thirds of the distance the poor animal was winded, the weights had !. to be,taken off, and we s'uppbs'efthe hprsejlost the Linalch. This was no ordinary trial such as pur auc ;tioneers;would give to show a good horse, but a simple piece of barbarity which we hope will not be allowed I to happen again. . Our (Smythesdalo correspondent writes:— " A I r strange disease has lately been attacking the cows of Mr Wrigley, a dairyman, residing here, and he has supplied me with the following particulars connected with it:’—The cow first attacked fell down on the common, and when raised, its left hind leg was a little under and turned towards the head, and on walk ing the opposite hind leg worked in a kind of semicircle, -‘as if toolong. She was subj eot t o an incessant discharge of water by drops, but not able to pass it naturally. She 'was fed on steamed chaff, bran, pollard, and potatoes. For a fortnight she could not stand, and when lifted , up, immediately fell down as if dead. The cow had been milking for. four months, and was in fair condi tion,, and never ceased to give milk lip to the time of her being killed. Seeing the punishment she was suf fering,Mr Wrigley had her killed, but she was not opened. The second case was in all respects similar to the former, but the beast was opened after being killed. ; The lungs and kidneys were found to be healthy, and not the least inflamed so far as .could j be r aeen;£ the bladder - .completely , empty. The third k attackbd -had 5 not s given l imilk for nine months, and first fell down in the paddock, and never rose again, unless lifted, for twenty-three days. The food and symptoms were the same as stated with respect to the first-named cow. A' calf was taken from it alive, and-the cow was killed four days afterwards. When opened, the left lung from the thin part going upwards was found to be slightly congested; bladder, three parts full; and kid neys healthy. Mr Wrigley says that he has four more cows bn thecommdn which present the firststagesof the same sickness. His opinion is, that the sickness has been caused by the dryness of the season; not suffi cient water having fallen to replenish the dams, the water I in which had in consequence become stagnant and full of animalculm.. : Itis a oflrioua fact, however, that none of the cows which were kept in the paddocks have been attacked, but only those which were allowed to graze on the common, and although they were yet the'cowa bn ’the common* of course, might have* drunk in other places.” A woman named Ann Roberts, well known to the police, was arrested on Saturday, and lodged in the Eastern look-up, charged with having stolen a shirt, valued at 4s 6d, the property'ofiMrAVebb, draper, of Bridge street. She will Be brought before the Town bench this morning. ; For some time past,a systematic robbery of false bottoms has been committed from the Queen Victoria Company's claim. Last week a Chinaman vras'arfestedf with two of them in his possession* and on Saturday. Constable Kilbridge arrested one charge of having stolen‘2l of these bottoms. He .will. be brought up at the Town Police-court this morning/ \- Mr Belcher, the newly-elbctedi-TOeinheV for.'Jthe' South-Western Province, returns thanks in our ad vertising columns to the electors; ;liis‘‘cbmmitfee, and -all friends who assisted during the past election.. , Tf ■ Saturday being wet the cricket match between the married and single members of the B.C.G; had;to:>be postponed. Should the weather be fine the match will- bVplaye'd'’''nexlf‘Saturday; The ’B.G.C.-'send »a second eleven to Beaufort on Wednesday first..;;-; I .'' Our Smythesdale correspondent £ writes:—“Sunday was. the last day on which the mail will pass through this town./.j-In.futurejtjWill be sent, per rail, by way of Ararat. The proprietors of the line of coaches were down here onrSaturday making arrangements for the necessary changes in consequence of the alteration.” .'fii'AlXtiZWt)‘t Mr Rainer informs us. that his panorama, pt the American War, which was so successfully exhibited 1 in Ballarat some years ago, has been wonderfully .aupcess ful; in South Africa, and is now drawing crowded houses in India, and is still under’.Mri-Harry.-’ Se£ton ; a managership. The Beaufort paper gravely 'reports the" “impud'erit robbery” of a railway passenger at Beaufort, - whose pipe was stolen from his mouth as he was getting out of the train on his return from Ballarat..;,The.robber got “clear.,away with his prize.” , c*; A-t the City Police-court on’ ■Satufdky‘ i 'befdre'Mr W. Butler, P.M., a man ; named - JamfS-.Antcliffe.jvas .charged with having oh the previous "nighV been'iffe gaily on the premises'.‘of the Hev. 'Thomas. Copeland. The prisoner, who bore but an indifferent reputation, was sent to gaol for’ twelvemonths 'with hard-labor./, At the Town Police- court on Saturday, six drunk- ards were dealt with, and an unfortunate named Elizabeth Turner, who had been disorderly in the street, was remanded till the 12th instant. Michael M'Namara, who had been arrested on a warrant from Melbourne on a charge of having neglected to contri- bute to the support of his illegitimate child, was re- manded to Melbourne. The mayor and Mr Henry Josephs, J.P., presided. A meeting of the Eight Hours’ Anniversary com mittee was held at the Buck’s Head hotel on Friday evening-last.., A large number of representatives from the different trades were- present,-’also representatives ;from the Early Closing Association, and the tailorfisses (and dressmakers. Tenders were opened for music for the occasion, and the, consideration postponed until Monday evening. It‘ J "was unanimously resolved to wind up the day with a ball to be held at the Tem plare’-'HallV -A* programme-df sportaVwas;( considered-, for the amusement of those attending the gardens; 'and from the interest displayed by the committee in connection with this holiday, 1 we are. confident that it ■ will be a thorough success, should the weather be favorable. A report was given iu by the deputation \- appointed to wait upon the two councils, that the day would he proclaimed a holiday. A tea will be supplied on the ground in the afternoon. Mr Le Capelaine, Inspector to the Central Board of j Health; made an inspection ofthe borough of Clunes i on Friday, and expressed himself favorably of its sanitary condition. ' . A special meeting of the Clunes Hospital committee was held on Friday evening, to consider an explana tion from the resident-surgeon in reference to the account for “ medical comforts,” the payment of which at last monthly meeting was declined by the finance committee. A lengthy letter was read from Dr Thomas, in which he combatted an impression that the amount,vi£9 I5« fid, was due for wines,,&c.;, con sumed by'him during the month'- of March. He stated such, however, 'was not 'the case, since the greater part for which the account was rendered re mains untouched, and the supply is likely to last two months’ longer. A report was also made that an allowance for wines, &0., be made for the future. The 1 letter-was received. andreferred; to- the jhoqsq oomr,- mittee for report. The secretary was instructed to write to the Ballarat, Amherst, Creswick, Mary borough, and Daylesford Hospitals, asking what amount is allowed for wines and spirits for the resident surgeon’s own consumption. During the meeting it was mentioned by theieecretary that Dr Thomas had paid the account objected to by the committee.. The members of the Royal Commission appointed to enquire into the working of friendly societies had another long sitting onFriday afternoon, at the Town hall, Melbourne. ' Air Archer was the only witness j examined, his evidence occupying the whole of the sitting. . . A correspondent writes:—“ The miners of Mount Doran and Elaine are up in arms against the authorities. A certain piece of land in the vicinity of Mount Doran, and separated from the present workings there by the railway, forms the subject of contention. This land had been selected and duly recommended for occupation. Always watchful of their interests, however, the miners took umbrage at this seeming violation of their rights, and are now taking active measures to have the decision revoked, as the land is considered to be auriferous. A preliminary meeting of miners took place about a week ago, at which it was resolved to hold a monster meeting at the diggings, Elaine, at a subsequent date, preparatory to laying their grievance before the proper authorities." The sub-committee appointed by the /Chines, Water Commission'' and borough council, to report on ,the financial affairs of the borough, more especially in reference to.the water scheme, have resolved to re commend- to the commission that such steps be at once taken as shall lessen the expenses as much as •possible immediately on completion of the works at present iti progress, and that the remaining portion of the scheme, together with the maintenance, be carried oh with a reduced staff. , Letters have been received (says .the Church of. England \Messenger) from the Lord Bishop up to 21st January.! His aiulMra Pejry were then quite well, and had f escaped the colds which'the very severe .weather had made almost universal. They were settled in London, where they to re main for some time. Dr Thornton’s jconsecration was only delayed by the necessity of waiting for the certi ficate by; the Australian Primate (the Lord Bishop of Sydney) of the approval of the bishops of his province, and for 1 the signature of Sir William Stawell. Both these documents were sent by the February mail, and will therefore arrive in-London early in April. It.may therefore* be hoped, through the divine blessing, that the consecration may take place about the middle of that month, and that the bishop may-arrive before the end of June. The copy of a private letter from one of Dr Thornton’s parishioners has been kindly Jorwarded. tq_ usj: which tiays;p-“>WS ‘are, losing ou| "esteemed and beloved rector. He isnominated Bishop of Ballarat. , We are sustaining a great loss, I assure you, for he is., such, a r gpod Christian man. He has a wife 1 'and* i an lu ohly ; 'child, »*.< Wy» about seven. Mr Cooper, one of our' curates, is coming out with him as his t chaplain. ■ He (Dr Thornton) said he expects to leave England at the latter end ,o£- ; ApriL or, .beginning, oh May. ; He. ban to wait the mml-bringing dbcuments from the:Bishop'of, Sydney,' and has had a telegram notifying his ac ceptance.” Letters have also been received by the last mail from the bishop, who, when He wrote, was in excellent health.. He had just,concluded, his sittings for a portrait, whioh : has b^eh 1 painted nt-hhe instance of the contributors to the general testimonial, which the colohistsTbelpnging tor.the several-f Protestant de-r nolnihations have joined in. ' On its arrival here the portrait is intended to be presented to the trustees of the Public Picture Gallery. 1 The artist—Mr- Henry Weigalt—would appear to have been very successful in his work, as an eminent publishing -house in Lon don has requested and obtained permission to engrave the picture, which: if( is intended ; to, exhibit- at,-the Royal Academy Exhibition in May next. * The bishbp is himself so much gratified with the portrait that he has commissioned: the artist to paint ior.-him;, a, copy; which ho intends to bequeath to his old college (Trinity, Cambridge), to be handed over after the decease of two relatives, who would desire during their lifetime to retain it as a memento of him. An inquest was held on Saturday at Durham Lead, before Dr Sparling, coroner, on the bodies of Annie, aged eleven years, and Garay, aged ten years, daughters of Mr James Scanned. About six o’clock on Saturday morning the girls went to a waterhole to fetch some water, when the elder of the two fell in. Gdray, • the younger,- in - endeavoriug-to save her sister. lost her own life. The hole is eight feet deep. Great sympathy is felt for the bereaved parents at the loss of their two’eldesty children.-• < ■■■ K r ■> g r Mr E. Newman is gazetted a licensing magistrate for Buninyong, in place of Mr R.M. Harvey, re- signed. . , . The Orphan, Asylum' committee’s- notice-paper; for; to-morrow evening, besides the routine business) 1 con-' tains the' following motion * by-Mr- R. : Baker;. —“ That a sub-committee of- five; be appointed from this committee to’enquire, in to the duties, and salaries, of the; respective officers oh this institution, and report- ; 'on the,adyisability;b‘r ’o'therwi3B i, bf- re-’arrahging the Saturday’s. Qcelong ■ Advertiser' ■ says:—r‘‘A "capital instance" of an engiheer'being Hoisted; by.bis ;.own petardj’- occuried during the election for the*; South-:) •Western Province.''lh' thCir 'wisdom,' Mr;: Wynne’s 'committee, caused,.a ‘squib,’, signed 1 ;? Johnßull,’.,to to be circulated, extensively through hue Pfoyinde, the) chief object. of which was to secure the Protestant vote fqritheir candiddte.•) As 'it' contained what;were intended to He some damaging'reflections upon'Afeh-', . deacon Slattery, they used every precaution to" avoid* ‘ one being sent,'to 'a’ißdma’nhCatholic.;.yOhe'.of.Mr Belcher’s agents,Dapt..Lpngden,.considered this tp.be rather unfair) so lie went’to the' pnuteV who ,bad“-been- • favored with the order fdr 'printing them; [obtained a number of copies, and. subsequently, afforded , the Roman Catholic voters ah opportunity of keeping themselves au entrant with the current literature of the day. The effect was rather more magical than even the writer of the ‘squib ’ in question had hoped or desired.” Thd'Btiidigo'. Advet'tiser We have been m-' formed that-Robert Gordon, a young ,man.engaged in' one ;o£ the'"printing*. l officesof this city, has received information from' Home to the 'effect that an estate, ' the value.of which ! is said 1 to be over £50,000, is likely to come into lus .handa /th'rq'ugh. the death,of a relative.” )' ' ’ ' ' TheyS/iecftor slates rthatjthe) Hamilton [Pastoral Society has decided that; .two; Challenge , Cups of the value’bf £lOO-each,- : are: to be.;competed ;for at the ; next Champion; Show, the trophies to he won three times'.by/tlid-samd'. exhibitor)"before.' being- finally ap propriated, hutto..fceiheld for a twelvemonth by'lhe) winner;oflthe year. ,One ; of- the Cups is for, merino sheep of--any'age, excluding'two-tooth, -and the other is tor long-woolled sheep of any age, two-tooths- in cluded. . ■ - , ‘ ' ■ ■ ■■■■'■< .......i I '.... We (Hamilton' Spectator) are sorry to announce, this morning the death of Mr Ossian Macphersou, an old contributor to'this journal,' whose poetical effusions during 1 the last; fourteen' year's’ have often -attracted; considerable He ~;was ' educated);at the; Caledonian Asylum, aud at the. age, 61 20,' Mr Mac pherson: published,- ip London,-a smnll book of poems . on Scottish' subjects, which , was reviewed favorably, by the English and Scottish press. He bad been for. many’jears'a' tutpr in the Western district; and from, his eccentric habits, was [generally regarded;:is;a sort' of privileged person. Our information is, that lie; was) fouud'dead iu bis bed on Thursday,morning, Bth inst.) at Mr Qeorge'Kelly’s,: new’ house, -on?Cadden’s Flat;, Upon the, mail up' ; to ['‘Kelly’S,' Mr Dv' M’Rae,oh' 1 alighting,was tasked -to assist in opening Mr Macpherson’s bedroom door/as it was found to'be ! locked, and after some trouble they succeeded,, when the -poor fellow was/ ;Observed; ;quite 'dead., .-Mr- Macpherson’s .‘lastlucubration,’; which appeared in our columnshTew. weeks' ago) Was singularly suggestive of a presentiment of his approaching.end. • *. ' : ; The’ Afgiis states that Mr Molesworth will - hold :the - Crowd briefs ht the)fprthcqming Ballarat Assizes, aud Mr J. Dwyer will Hold the Crown .briefs- af the Sale Assizes. , His,Honor. Mr Justice. Fellows will preside l at the latter place and; also at Beechworth; while his Honor Mr Jhstice Stephen jvill preside at the assizes to be held at Ballarat, Geelong, Sandhurst and. Castle-’ maihei 7 "- The; 1 date > ofythe. assizes at Castlemaineihas*, been altered from 20th April to 28th April. . The Colac Herald reports a case of poisoning from wearing magenta colored socks. Partial paralysis iu the feet was caused, and the suficrer has nut yet recovered. , . i . The Melton tcorre'spdndent of-the - Bacchus Marsh Express, says, that,MissiDickson, late of Alfred,Hall, Ballarat, has been, appointed , assistant, teacher iff the; State school.there..‘ . ' , A good many Ballarat*people" have ‘seleoteddand at Lake Boort, beyond Inglewood, and we see by the Maryborough t Standard that . on Saturday, 3rd April, the Rev. R. T. Cummins, of St. Paul’s Church, Balla rat, jpreaclied in.a store in the ‘locality- and' baptised, tour infants., : ; ,; ■ ,i ‘ , , ; The Telegraph pays:—f l We-have been shown this day a . very handsome silver medal, awarded to the Ballarat-Woollen Company by. the National Agricul tural Society of Victoria,.as first prizo-for, acollection. of-.fianneisi shawls, &c;,, exbibited by the company at the society’s last show. "We"are informed that ,our leading physicians strongly,recommend the,use of the 1 company’s flannels in cases -of 'rheumatics,' Sciatica, &cl;,‘oh account of the invigorating-.qualities derived, from the fineness and purity of the wool of which this company’s goods are manufactured.” I|,appears that Mr Marcus Clarkb'is tlie'person who has been requested by the Minister of Education to write a history of Australia for the use of our. State, aebopls.. .He is now -preparing the. work for publica tion. ’ 11'..--.' I ),''! '' ‘ ' ! It has been.resoryed for Naseby (Otago), to witness' ajhouse igo up in a, whirlwind;,; Oh Tuesday nfter ; noon, 6 th iniatimt (says, the. Mount - IdaCKroniilef during a heavy gale, a - small unfloored iron house in Naseby'wds s'uddehly;litted up bodily a few;feet,and carried.several yards. -1 Inside was a woman and child. She) throwing herself‘ upon j thechild; foe. tunately was protected by; a . table,- and both escaped unhurt;. H’he articles of,, furniture were, quickly gathered up, and, a new habitation found for'the family evicted withoutAotice. We (Telegraph}l regret to) learn that a vacancy- is likely .tp pccut in the. representation of Yilliers and Heyteshury in cdhsequenco ofthn,unsatisfactory state of the Hon. Michael O’Qrady’s health*; * ’ Mr O’Grady) who is at present on ayisit to Warrhambool, has been unwell for some time past, and we understand that bis medical advisers have recommended him to take a long sea voyage, acting upon which advice he purposes 'waiting the old country; Before leaving Victoria it is understood that,he williresign.hisseat in the Assem-. bly, and yesterday it ],wa3, stated 1 that Mr J. Dwyer wouldragain place his services, at the, disposal of the constituency.' :Mr Martin M’Kenna,.of Kyueton, was also mentioned as a probable candidate, but the. im* ..pr.es.sion, in Melbourne is that Mr Dwyer’s return is certain, he being well-known “to the' 7 electors through having contested the constituency 1 at i two previous elections. . I-. ~ - The Congregational Union meeting will be held'this' evening in the Dawson street Church. - - The Rev. Mr Legge will take part in the proceedings. ~ ; ' , The Local Land Board will- sit at, the jCityiPolicev court this;afternoon at,2 p.m. ; .., ... . The Fakir of Coin gave bis I ;.concluding entertain ment at the 1 -Theatre, Royal on .Saturday,-evening,-: when, notwithstanding the very unfavorable- state- of. the weather, there was an excellent attendance. 'I he performance'was as interesting as ever,:and was,. very well received. The Fakir’s legerdemain,' the .en tranced lady’s: representations,' the prismatic {show r storm, and. the ever-changing hues and beauties of the. J fairy’fountain, formed a -series of illusions rich in spec tacular display.' At the close .pfthe headless man. act; the Fakir, 'after thanking.the audience -for'their kind attention 5 and .consideration, intimated- that ■he in tended soon' td!return with a -new; programme, con- ■ aistingofj ghosts,'&c.;, which he' had exhibited in Eng- - land, and: of-’ which he was the .inventor.,, 'After- again, thanking the audience he withdrew, to arrange for. displaying the magic fountain. 