The Ladies' Column. Fancy Dress Ball at Government House. THE fancy dress ball given by His Excellency the Governor, and which has, for some little time, been the one theme of anticipation for Brisbane belles, took place on the evening of May 28, at Government House. For some time before and after 10 o'clock, a continuous stream of carriages poured into the domain, each conveying its freight of beauty, tantalizing a small crowd collected at the gates by glimpses of charms and costumes equally varied. Shortly after 10 o'clock the first quadrille was formed. His Excellency, in Windsor uniform, leading off with Lady O'Connell, having Lady Cockle and Sir Maurice O'Connell as vis-a-vis, her ladyship wearing the picturesque dress of a Bavarian peasant woman of the better class, and Sir Maurice having donned for the occasion the uniform of the Spanish service, under Queen Christina, at the time when he fought to sustain her Crown. By the time this quadrille had concluded, the rooms were filled without inconvenient crowding. Quadrilles were pleasant, and round dances not only pos sible without destruction to ladies' dresses, but open enough to permit the full enjoyment of the j movement and music. By the time all , the guests had arrived the scene was most picturesque, and the costumes were' unquestionably most creditable to the taste of: the wearers. There were, as usual on such occa sions, the unavoidable duplication of characters, bat on the whole independence in selection of costumes and characters had been the rule. : The most striking figure to a person entering the room was unquestionably the towering height of Mr. Gardiner, in the character of Chang, the Chinese Giant, admirably dressed and got up—up nearly 7 feet Once fairly entered, however, the eye and attention insensibly—nay KM&y;—glided to the graceful and delicate forms flitting by or grouped with others around, in a medley of costumes, none of which—or of the wearers—were without their peculiar charm. A most magnificent toilette was worn by Mrs. George Harris, who had adopted the Syrian or Arabian style, in which the head-dress and the margins of the robes and •carves alike glitter and tinkle with coins, Mrs. Harris* dress we believe to have been critically correct, as we happen to have recently met with a description of the Syrian gala dress for ladies in the travels of Ida Pnefler. Gliding around, a graceful Vl vandiere asserted the claims of Europe, and asserted them most efficiently. Among the character? with study in them* Miss Gri selda Oldbuck, supported -by Mrs. John Douglas, was particularly worthy of note. " Miss Griselda," says Sir Waller Scott, " bore upon her head a structure resembling the fashion in the.'Ladies' Memorandum Book of 1770,' a superb piece of architecture, not much less than a modern Gothic castle; an antique flowered gown graced the person to whom belonged, this unparalleled ttU. . He* arms were terminated at the elbows with triple lace ruffles, and, being folded saltire-ways in front, were decorated with long mittens of a bright rer mOlion oolor, which presented no bad re semblance to a pair of gigantic lobsters." However ancient this Griselda might assume to be, she was certainly modern as compared with the time of the Druids, who sent a representa \ tire in the person of Dr. Carman, whose myetic spells, however, wcnld have had no chance against the incantatiem . of a most deluding Witch, broomstick in hand,.represented by Miss Coutta. Powerful afiks offer Druid and with the I mystic sisterhood, gold found, visible expression in the habiliments of Mrs. D. O'Donovan, who wore*rich dress of «loth*of-gold, with a flow : ing" Marf, on which the. Msnes of the principal : gold-mining districts of Queensland were worked |in scarlet; the shoes were ornamented with gold, and th» stockings with gold docks; on I her head was a coronet of the. same precious netaL set off with game ; and in.her hand she bora the divining-rod of the ancient Khabdo maneers. The ancient Artec race had a regal revival mtfc* person of Mr. Maadslay,as Monte smma, who had assumed fresh youth, and in no wise, we should judge, abated the magnificence of his raiment. Adurirstion gave way to risibility at the feet gltnow at a baby of startling propor tions sad exceptional powers of speech and locomotion, being upwards of 6 feet high, .of stalwart bufld, and.m industrious dancer. This was, in fact, the huamom idea of Mr. M'Hwrahh, who, clad in long white garments, duly furnished with coral, rattle, kc, and with a neat cap on his head, accepted tin Tssponsabflities oi .his extreme youth with Kve discretion. As a seber Puritan, Mr. Ro t little gtooeaed on .the festivities from the recesses at btnY boots and sad garments of purple velvet. In-, lifeta oontrast was ! the lithe figure of * Pans of the Court of the First Napoleon, admirably dresejd by Mr. C. j Miles. A young lady, whose name we did not learn, made one wish .to be a fisher man, by her . impersonation of a fish wife. The real (gilt) fish with which the basket on her back was furnished went astray in wicked hands v the evening advanced, and the bonny fish-wile did not show to least advan | tage glancing from chamber to chamber on , search of therobber. Enough, however, remained ! in the "creel" to awe. given some employment to a very competent-looking professional cook, whose | snowy habiliments were, in themselves creative ;of appetite for his masterpieces. He ought to have a good figure—at least to be good 1 at figures' and when we mention : that Mr. ! E. B. Dray was the culinary hero, we may be excused for believing that he never cooked anything—»ot even aooouflU. Mr. R. Darvall waadanrably suited in a Greek dress, which brightened, up every group which its wearer joined, and contrasted strikingly with the grim aspect and sombre habiliments of Oliver Crom- well, whose ghost would have been mollified at the sight of his latest representative, Mr. E. J. Bennett. Mrs. Bennett was very correctly dressed as Mary of Lorraine, mother of Mary Queen of Scots. The Misses Bennett, either of whom might with much apropos have appeared as the Stuart Mary, had modestly declined the respon- sibility of personating historical loveliness, and found safety in mythology and fiction respec- tively, one dispersing sweetness as Flora, and the other presenting the retiring graces of the staid Sophia in the "Vicar of Wakefield." The members of the Ministry each added one more to the "many -parts" they, in oommon with the rest of our race, nave played in their time. -The- Premier was awe • inspiring in the Windsor uniform. Mr. Hemmant was richly habited as a gentle man of the eighteenth century. Mr. Thorn was artfully robed as-a bachelor of Sydney University, desirous, no doubt, of confirming his well-known popularity with the fair. The features of the Attorney-General were ensoonsed in the depths of the wig of a Queen's Counsel, while the dignified robes of the law shrouded his form. We have not, however, time to enlarge on such interesting themes; a grace ful Paynnnt froja* Normandie flits across the scene, and awakens the beholder from a trance of veneration and awe. Mdlle. Emile Desgrands is probably to the manner born, and the authenticity of her neatly-coquettish rap and costume is beyond criticism. Miss North, as a Chinese lady, showed another picturesque variation of. the settings which may assist a pleasant picture. Mrs. A. V. Drury was habited as Madam D'Arblay, net Miss Burney, the authoress of " Evelina." The costume is of the time of Georges IL and 111. Mr. Drury had sought a character to embody from the pages of Shakspeare, and glit tered in metal and jewels, as Duke Vincentio, in Measure for Measure. The graver citizens of the world found exponents in Messrs. O'Donovan and L. J. Byrne. The former, as Jacques Auguste de Thou, Royal Librarian tempt de Henri IV., wore an official coat with silk gown lace robot, ruffles and wig, a costume which, though different from that in which the great President of the Parliament of Paris is generally represented, is quite correct as that of the Bibliothecatre dv. RoL The latter, in the long fur-lined garments which, too cumbrous for tile warrior, wanned the limbs of peaceful citizens in the 15th century, repre sented a greater celebity, William Gaxtoo, the father of printing. Mrs. Byrne, as a lady of the same period, wore a white camlet robe and train, and a double- turret head-dress, with gossamer veiL Time was rolled-still further hack by Me E. MacDomMH, who wasrvsty com pietdy habited as a Knight Templar, dad in mail, but shielded from the fierce rays of a Pales*! tine sun by flowingrobes and swathed head-dress^ and from all assaults by a good sword and shield. Sir Walter Raleigh, once more revived, holds his blue and silver cloak ready % not only a Queen, but any one of the pretty peasant girls, god desses, and ladies of all epoch* who, with uni formed officers, fox-hunters, Jack-tan, courtiers, knights, and jockeys, make the whole suite gleam as if filled with the ruins of a rainbow. Space, time, and descriptive powers would alike fail us should we endeavor further description. The ""iWiftln and construction of ladies' rtrmwjs we have always considered a mystery too wonderful for man to approach. The entire scene, wander where one liked, was bustling with animated en joyment, and'glowing with contrasted color. Without having the fatigue of ascending to the top of the Pyramids the observer looked down on many centuries. In the garbs of all these years, as repre | sented, there was scarcely one which did not show to advantage as compared with the male habits of to-day. With respect to the contrasted periods of ladies' decoration a determination is' ! more difficult The ladies of to-day may yet supply the fait of color which the eye—weary with the dingy neutral tints of modern gentler men's dresses—invariably seeks. . ..P* 00*"** was kept up with the greatest vivacity till a late hour Saturday morning. The costumes were, for a place with resources so restricted in that hue as Brisbane, wonderfully diversified, and were also exceedingly tasteful in almostevery instance. Novelty, antiquity and ingenuity had been racked for appropriate dresses and characters, and the result was probably apleas mg surprise to His Excellency the Governor. It is almost needless to add all in the shape of physical comforts that could add to the enjoyment of those present was provided with profusion. So far as spacious and well ventilated rooms, bright lights, good music, and choice, varied, and abundant "creature comforts" could contribute to enjoyment, nothing additional oould have been desired. By S o'clock the last of the bright throng of guests had departed, and brought to an end, perhaps the most brilliant and hospitable entertainment ever witnessed within the walls of Government House. [ The following are thenames and the characters assumed by the ladies and gentlemen attending the ball as described on 4m«*** kit wfchthe attendants :— Atkin, Miss ; Lady of 18th century. Austin, Mrs. Robert ; Lady of the Lake. • Berens, Siegmund ; Laertes. " Bramston, Miss; French Dame of last century Bramston, Mr. H.; Modern Court dress Barron, Mrs. T. H.; Lady of Lyons.. Barren, Mr.; Knjght Commander of Templars. Bourne, R. 0.; Corsair. Briggs, S. G.; Captain Maintop H.M.& Donegal. ...... Barker, E.; Master of Hounds. Bennett, Miss; Flora. Bennett, Miss Emily, Sophia; Vicar of Wake- field's daughter. Bennett, Mrs. E. J.; Mary of Lorraine. Bennett, Mr. E. J.; Oliver CromwelL Blakeney, Mrs. W. T.; Autumn. Bhkeney, Mr. W. T.; lago. Byrne, Mrs. L. J.; Lady of Auvergne, 15th century. Byrne, Mr. L. J.; William Carton. * Carman, Mrs.; Gipsy. Carman, Miss; Maid of the MflL 17th century. Carman, Miss X.; Mermaid. Carman, Dr.; a Druid Priest ConnoUey, Mrs. F.; Lady of the 18th century. Coutts, Miss; A Witch. Cockle, Lady; Bavarian Peasant Cockle, Sir James; Judge's Costume. Carr, Mrs. E. H.; Flower GirL Carr, Mr. E. H.; Sub-Inspector of Pottos. Cracknell, Miss; Bavarian Peasant GirL CrMkneU. Mis* L.; Queen of Roses. CrarkneH, Mr. W. J.; Highlander. Carter, Mr. C. C; Kmg Henry VIIL Drury, Mrs. A. V.; Madame oTArWay nee Miss Ouiney. Drury,Mr. A. V.; Duke Vincentio, •Measure for Measure." Drury, Mr. E.R; French Cook. Day, Mrs. E. D.; Miss Haredale. Day, Mr. RD.; Barracoota Sailor. Douglas, Mrs. J.; Miss Griselda OWbock. Douglas, Miss; Little 80-peep. Douglas, Mr. Robert; Sergeant-at-Arm*.: Douglas, Mrs. Robert; Mexican Lady. Darvall, Mr. R.; Greek Costume. Davis, Mr. F. R.; Tyrolese Peasant. Desgrand, Mdlle. Emile; Normandy Peasant. ' Dixon, J. B.; -Knight Templar. Davidson, Mitt; Amy Robssrt Davidson, Miss M.; Vmndiere. Davidson, Mr.; Fancy Dress. Drew, Mrs.; Fancy Dress. Drew, Miss; Outdoor Costume 18th osntery. Drew, Mr. W. L. G.; Neapolitan Fisherman. Effiott, Mr.; Volunteer Artillery. Flsvelie, Miss M. —; Evangetine. Forbes, Mm; Spanish Lady. . Forrest, Mrs. E. B.; Maritaaa, Forrest, Mr. B. B.; Memoir R. a Yacht Squadron. -• ' ' ■■ ■ -.r ■ Geary, Miss; Hoguenot Lady. - Geary; Captain Q.V. Artfflery. ■ Goerts, Miss; Dotty Varden. " - ' ' ' : > Gardner, Mr.; Mandarin. ' ' •" ♦ Graham, MitS; Colleen Bawn. > : > - > Graham, Mr. C. J.; daverhouse. * Griffith, Mrs. 8. W.; Clouds. Griffith, Mr. S. W.; Queen's Counsel. Haggard, Mr. H D. G.; NeapolrUn Fkber- HeHicar, Mr. G. T.; French Carbineer. Harris, Mrs. Geo.; Arabian Costume. ' Harris, Mr. G.; American GonsuL Howe, Miss, Sabrina; Goddess of the Silver Lake. Heaton, Mr. J. H.; Sir Walter Raleigh. Ivory, Mr. T. J.; Windsor Uniform. Knight, Miss; Lady of the 17th century. Lamb, Miss C; Greek Lady. - Lamb, Mr. EL; Indian Geaftleman. Laadaborougn, Mrs. W.; Gipsy Queen. • little, Mus; Novice of San Leratte. •' litae,MisBS.;Vivanaiera. ■ Little, Mr. R.; Puritan. ■ • Little, Mr. J.; Seaman H.M.S. PearL MuUen, Mrs.; NobU Udy, 15th eetotury Mullen, Miss; Alsatian Peasant GirL Mullen, Dr.; Surgeon, Q.V.R. Main, Mrs. C. S.; Snow. Mem, Mr. C. S.; Coart Dress. Montefiore, Mr. A. E.; Officer, Victorian, Yeo- MOse, Mr. C. S.; Page, time of Napoleon L Norru, Mr. M. J.; Courtier, time Geo. IIL MacdonnelL Mr. J.; King Henry IL Macalkter, Mr. J.; Garibaldi Moore, Mr. P. G.; Mepbistopheles. Matthews, Mr. J. H.; Courtier Charles IL ' Master, Mr. C; Usher Black Rod. Martin, Mr. F.; Cricketer. Morrissey, Mr. R.; Spanish Officer, 18th cen tury. Mac Donnell, Mrs. Edmund; Night. Mac Donnell, Mr. Edmund; Red-cross Knight Moasman, Miss; Newhaven Fishwife^ M'Donald, Miss; Flora Macdonald. M'llwraith, Mr. T.; The Maranoa Infant. I North, Miss; Chinese Lady. Nicholas, Mr.; Captain Muriel, Garibaldi Voluu- O'ConneJl, Lady; Costume of last century. O'Connell, Sir M.; Colonel of Chappelgories ! uniform of 1887. | O'Donovan, Mrs. D.; Aurifera. O'Donovan, Mr. D.; Jacques Auguste de Thou, Bibliothecaire dv RoL O'Doherty, Mr. W.; Hamlet. O'Doherty; Sergeant Q.V.R. Ocock, Mrs.; Night Ocock, Miss; Summer. Ocock, Miss E.; Winter. Ocock, Mr. G. A.; Garibaldi. O'ShanaBay, X.; a Briefless Barrister. Palmer, Mrs. A. H.; Lady, 17th century. Palmer, Mr. A. H.; Court dress, 19th century. Power, Mr. V.; a Jockey, time 1745. Peate, Miss; Lady, 17th century. Parker. Miss; Daughter of the Regiment <. Paige, Miss; Donna Inez. Paige, Mr. T. H.; Gentleman, time Charles L Prior, Misa Murray; Lady of the Court of Louis XV. Parbury, Mr. E.; Queensland Volunteer. Roberts, Mra. D. F.; Cybele. Roberts, Miss; Lady, time of Robespierre. Roberts, Miss A.; Goldsmith's Miss Neville. Roberts, Mr. D. F.; Queen's Counsel. - Radford, Mrs. H. W.; Spanish Lady. Radford, Mr. H. W.; Court drees, 18«0. Royds, Mr. E. M.; Garibaldian. Rogers, Mrs. F.; French Flower Girl. • . Rogers, Miss, Soubrette; Louis XV. Rogers, Hiss M.; Neapolitan Peasant Rogers, Mr. F.; Fancy drees. Smith, Mrs. C. R.; Court dress, Louis XVL Sipitb, Mr. C. R.; Spanish dress. SeynuHMgbs.; Connemara GirL j SeymonrTMr.; Commissioner of Police. Sinclair, Miss; Ophelia. ™ Scott, Mr. J. %j Harry Hotspur. Simpson, Mre/H. G.; Jfanrietta of Orleans, 1669. Simpson, Commander; Naval uniform. Scott, Mrs. J. H.; Lady Teazle^ Scott, Mrs. H.; Evening. •J? Scott; Lieut Q.V.R.B. ~ « Sheridan, Mr. F. B.; Bachelor of Arts. Sloane, Mr. J. R; Naval uniform. Shaw, Mrs. H. X.; Queen Shaw, Mr. H. X.; Mephistopheles. . Shaw, Un.Mu& Miss M.; Roman Peasants.*- . Shaw, Mr. W; official dress, Master in Equity? Snelluig;Capt. Q.V.R. M Thompson, Mrs. J. M.; Lady of 17% century. Thompson, Mr. J. M.; Gentleman cFthe Long Robe. Train, Mr. W. H.; Dirk Hatteraick. Thompson, Mrs. H. A.; Lady, time Geow 111. Thompson, Mr. H. A.; A Torreador. W Taylor, Miss; Normandy Peasant GirL Taylor, Mrs.; Autumn. v Taylor, Mr. J.; Medical Adviser to H.M. Shah of Persia. Thorn, Mr. Geo., jun. Webb ; Lieutenant Q. V. Artillery. Wheelwright, Mrs.; Spanish Lady. Wheelwright, Mr. J. H.; Naval Uniform. Woodcock, Mr. C. A. J.; Naval Uniform. Warburton, Mr. R. J. E.; Officer H.M.R.N. Walsh, Mr. W. H.; The Hon. the Speaker. 