H 'j q S N-0 W8 ' .1 .U-- 3 Chapter 'I. \ OBAHBERS'S, JpURHAI.,1 T. In his libiary sat Robert Hilton, engrossed Ms books. The door openedi.vbryAgentlySandi B ln A crimson shawl, ww jjri f'";,rvrrir" "ir'rrfT ''Whyj.-nyQH Imcddin B baptily. — " I never expected-to-see - you- atr B is hourTjHhe-mopjing ; it is.liarSiyftenioicldcl;: B ftud day BtT bitterly cold, I thought you s'ill in bef" % .Spr) cf ,V.l; " I hadClettera, -Hubert," she peds-she top" B wy-chair he plachd for her near nhe brfghl1- fire, g iy -,-Vcto-t, B "I % afraid/ 1 dmturb you,1' she' began. nit-' B Tons'y> seeip.tH.e .toible spread with books of -an', awtrusfeSdb'C ; . : fll v ' Thoulilanswering?ibui,C B . 8 rafgorodiscomposcd, for his passion was H ., feresearoirofc g.11 kinds ; and he pushe'cV H car -5 « rfci'cdrto' listen to tho purport ,ot. his, B , """ofsviii', whic'riio arguod, must ''ho some-0 Bl J?.e, ®c»i3Wl,; to make an -ihVitlida's' she 'was1 'Hit him so early, B baskofcf Mrs! Billon' clrew Ha sa '' " Iom 'iffitiicL 4nerid;' B BDeciSL,1la- Camoro!1 and Phttfcingj.-onihei; HS sbe read, aloud, o m.noiiDi.;' .Hall ,r-!- ; 8 ifteNtV®,r n'ind tl,e contents," he interrupted.' B its mS- ,Iead ths f r3t lto,rja,dgitfgCtliis by HS iMifisa (I;.,. RKg I mw, " .fbertj l wantyba to.hear ; jthat is why B herdpnf61610®3'11®"" -3 88 Helen, B ftouffh Y vv- aiuiw »»'i- Ad -X: B to visit „! I! d look 80 odd i£ we Joo't ask her B Stated V.and7Icara0tacoMaH yod;Vsh6 B iaow von' !r4iii k'1argaret Will expect it. I gron a iu tho House, and have H .I a7nn,! bachet. » she sighed arfd B :a?0:well:mo tclwi 111 Va ' n1ll for much, so we B Still— j f v %i 6 , and can. dls£l<!us0;with vi3itors. W Pleaded D 10(1 for t1 once," she H uif® 8aw' trouble looming in the dis- B feqnt "-en 6tt0 hla raotr?? Stating H H was quite truo all she-had shidi'he g confirmed old bachelor, forty yeamnld'- an i hated the sight of .women, rafely looking on the J race of one., but his poor old mother, .'No wonder | she felt' apbloge tic and doubtful about the success I )f her request, &b; she watched-the nervous, some- I what disjointed-looking figure of her tall lean son, I whose sunken eyes bad a troubled' expression in I them while she spoko. . - ' 1 . " You would "never see her but at meal- times," I she continued, ' and that only for a few days, my I dear, if you wouldn't mind. I would not suggest I iter coming, only she is staying so very near, and is such a nice girl ; so Margaret write3 j though it I is: sonde years now since I saw her. She was I ifteon then, and must be twenty now.. Dear, dear, I -low time flies ! "Very woll ; ask her over,.i£ you I like," ho said, with affected carelessness; "but j >nly for three or four days, mind and he turned I with longing eyes to the open book which was I waiting his perusal. I " Thauk you ; it is very good of you," she said, 1 uito gratefully, as she rose. " I will leave you' | tow, and write to Margaret to allow Helen to come I to us." I "Only for a few days," he reminded, already I regretting his permission ; " otherwise, wo may J aave her here for weeks, i£ you don't Bpecify the I time." ; j. . I Several klay s passed, and one bright frosty day, I m the early part of January, a party of girls were I imusing themselves in the drawing-room of the Mount Farm. Helen Cameron, with her two old friend s and' school-fellows, Annio and C lara Narcot, 'ormod. the trio. Helen's best friend could not have called her | pretty, while her worst would have found it im possible to call her plain. She was what is termed It ntcc'girl, when one is pushed into a corner for t definition. She was agreeable, good-tempered, could talk pleasantly on most things, bad a very I fair figure, with a bright intelligent face, that refused to be catalogued as regular-featured ; with I t complexion frequently tinged with deep rose, I interspersed with freckles. Ah, poor Helen ! I I im afraid that last hit may tell against you ; but I tho poitrait-painter must be faithful. Sho had, I however, one grand poiat ; her hair wa3_beautiful,- . I and fell in long wavy masses, liko bright spun I, dlk fresh from the cocoon, caught on either side- by a comb' which confined it to the back of her head; beyond thiB thero was no arranging. 1 Nature did the rest, with an admirable eye to | effect. ; - . | A servant entered while they wero laughing and | talking together, and handed Helen a note. I "Fiom mamma's old friend, Mrs. Hilton," she I said, as she .broke, the -seal and ..read tho contents.'-'-'- ; -J | " The Hiltons of the Firs ; the people one hears of, but nevar.sees,"- remarked Clara Narcot. "Mrs. Hilton is an invalid , and her son a monk, from all accounts,", chimed in Annie, while Helen was perusing: her note, who soon exclaimed : I " what am'I to do, or say ? How shall I ever get. out of ..it ? , Mrs. Hilton has written to say | that mammal-has accepted - an invitation for mo | to spend afpw days with, her, as I am in the neighborhood,- and she hopes 1 11 fix an early day! she cried, with genuine dismay... , ' Her announcement was received with a choruB of groans.frpnj tho two.girls, ' . . . \- " It is too bad of mamma to acceptari invitation, for me from- such people. What, was- she thinking of? She might just as- well -hhvb asked - 'me to, spend a few days ' in:, a churchyard as .in ' such a llAIIBA oa t.Vfl t. f ' J C ' « . . J v. t I 'J , "Yes," said Clara, with agrimdoe ; " there- is j nob much amusement, to bagot'ou.t of that' valley I of dry. bones ,! Mr. Hilton ,is afpssil, 'myrdttr ; | he has studied pro-Adamite.-man— and, avhat ,do I you call thoso ngly things, _with \hideoua .long I names?— until he has converted himself into an I "intediluvian specimen an -, implement : -f of digging up his own discoveries ! Heavon preserve me:from,uch,awful men,.!,, i l liko flesh and blood,' not tho world's pfogre6a-niadhino3, as I call the mi I -Why people must be for ovor rummaging under- I Ufound for old bones and_ such like I can't I iniagine!"; ,\j ; 0 \ >| ffO \ i i" You must go, Helen,"- said 'Anme ;-".' if,it is only to keep us alive with your description, when you cbme back." j I \- " Well, only for a couple of days," stipulated Helen" ruefully, as she sat down- to- answerthb .invitatiom _T - — ;-..;?-';.Of-couisQ,_only . for a .coupla'brdays1; wjb; eduldn'tifipaTe-you for -longer, ''j saijl ? Clara"; thereis the ball next' week you know. Just day we will drive yon over to-morrow— ' Tuesdayr- ' and will fotch you again oh Friday ; |that : will I igive yon just two: clear days, which'I expect you, ynll-tind-two too many." i' - ; V- The house is. worth seeing, I am told;' ' broke "in Annio. ''It .is so- old-fashioned, and full of Lalji sorts of queer things— romains, and so forth." Have you over seen Mr. HiltoD ?" inquired Helen; . / . : It; - .'.' Wehometimes, but rarely see him riding i-rhb'but'.; but hb hates women, and flees at thesieht . '<3 f: otfe1— Doesn't ho, Clara.?" . f . t "Agreeable for me." innr'mured Helen, as' slid ;sealqd her noto, and ran for the servant to 'send at to the Firs. I do sb wish I w'ere; hot going ; Jiut vUaro ia ho help for it, I suppose. I hope there aro no gUoats or other miseries Ihr the house beside tho fossil remains ?" she inquired, shiver ing. "Tell mo, what is he like, this fossil- in .chief, that I may know what I have to re.vp0f,t ?" j :: ".Oh, tall, lean, ahd:gfiz'zlei:l about the head; with scared-looking eyes, as if they could only see clearly underground, said Clara, with a mis- I chievous twinkle in her eyes. I -' "" Why'he is'a- ghost in htmself'h Y.-shall be | "frightened to meet him," exclaimed Helen. | " Andihe never speaks ; oven reads at his meals I -I-believe," said Annie, with a laugh. \ I f a '"iW orse:ahd worse ! O girls, what am I to do? I What an ogre for a woman to bo shut up with, j .Does he like music, I wonder?. But of course 1 'not'!"" ' ' \\-<\- '! r. f. They say music hath charms to soothe thef 'savage boast ; why not see if it will cause a j reeurrection in tho pro-Adamite ' one ?" h'azarded I one of th'e girls. j , . What ! sing to astone ? Impossible ! I should j b'e too frightened. I must take lots" of work, -.that's all ; try and finish this rug "for the ba2aar. Dear, how cold it is?" and she shivered again. ( a '' Yes;,:is jt not?" said Annio, drawing- hearer! to the fire, and giving it a vigorous poke. " There! 'ia'sn'bw in'the air; and snow horo is no joke, let , me tell.- you. . . It regularly barricades us ; we are such a height;" T a 5.'.I£ it fell to-nigh t, the chances are . you could not go to the Firs to-morrow. There is no driving! h.Carriago in theso parts till the snowis over." j 'V' '' I\w8h'dt may come down, then," said Helen.) \- " Don't wish that, as it would put an end to our- ball- ; so -it cuts both ways. You have no ideal howithQflhowfalls here, several feot deep; and then we are shut up sometimes for weeks. " | '"Anda storm is brewing," said ClaraV "Ihbpe, it will have the. good heart to keep "off until thei' ball is over.- - I don't know when I felt it sb cold I" ' ' - | ' j _ No snow fell the following day. It was in th air, people' remarked,' who understood the tem perature, Amid- much laughter on the girls, anc| .misgiving on Helen's part, she was driven over td the Fire,' and _ deposited among the fossils, vritH -many injunctions -to be careful Bhe, herself, was not turned into a " subject " for. investigation. r! \r TW,glad wekme you, my love, " said old Mrs. Hilton, embracing her. "It is so verji kind of you to come and see us ; " and Bhe drew her to a seat near the' fire, in the grand old draw- ,ing-room, where sho kopt solitary state each after: I noon and evening. i . i The .warm embrace and tho fire thawed Helen! ; and she began to feel comfortable. " If the son v 1 1 is jbnly half as' pleasant'-1 as his mother," 'she thought, "-I shall not object to the partial inter ment." : , ; j. - I';' .... . qome conversation followed; blending with ' which, Helen's thoughts flowed iu the following under-current :. "I wonder if he has the . look of his-motUer? What a joke if I happen to like him, and turn -the tables on the girls I I suppose I shan't see him until dinner-time; and then he will be reading a ' book. Tall, lean, grizzled !— that sounds horrible !" ' . Robert Hilton ent ' the drawing-room shortly afterwards, and on an introduction being effected, Helen took a scat, while -Mr. Hilton xoraained standing, in no way bashful, but so ive'ry prc-occupied with dead subjects as to. lcavo tho living to take caro of thomselvcs. As soon as sho dated, Helen raised her eyes and glancod-at him. " Unmistakably tall, lean, anil grizzled," she thought'; "but not quite so bad as I oxpocted. Good eyes, if they could be! brought to look about him, instead of into re moteness. Good features, but tumuled hair, all falling abont anyhow, as if no one ever smoothed it.! What a pity he shuts himself up !" Dinner was announced, and Mrs. Hilton said: " JiYill you let Robert tako you in to dinner, my dear? .. You. must excuso -me joining you, but I am obliged to live' by rulo.— Now, Robert, tako cake of her." "Thus saying, she strove to draw | them together, a most thankless task, for Helen hung on to the -reluctant arm by., tho tips of her fingers with ah amount of nervousness which made the well-nigh chronic blush on her face turn deep crimson. :Thoy sat down to table in solemn silence. Mr. Hilton, from the force of habit, turned to find his placo in the imaginary volume at his side, and then remembered he had a human book sitting I near it might be worth hi3 while perusing. Ho I glanced up,. searched for words, and cauto to a I dead pause ; for what on earth was thero to talk I about? Young women were a gcuus ho had I never studied since University days; they were a I study lie had shelved: with dress clothes, as being I "5 terribly' out of his line," thinking at the time I ol the trntlf of St. Chrysostom's definition of I women, who pronounces them, oue and all, to bo | " a necessary evil, a natural temptation, a de- I siiablo calamity" — here he paused, for he de- I clincd thiukin" the present ''calamity" sitting I near at all "desirable.;" quite tho reverse — "a I domestic peril, a deadly ; fascination, and a I painted ill." Ah, yes; Chrysostom was a . man I of sense and experience, evidently. I j Poor Helen was equally misorablo; sipped bor" | soup, to. prolong tho necessity for keeping :hor I liead lowered. I I "Onc.'of .us must begin,"' she thought ; " this I silence is overpowering." - j i At last— " j think you know my -friends, the I Narccts?" . I : " Slightly," he replied, putting his elbows oh I the -table while waiting to be- further fed: Ho as of that raro order of men who oat, asking - no questions; anything put beforo them. Just 'thb orfc of man, women, with a. view to.' a 'comfort.' able hereafter iii housekeeping, ought to culti vate above all others. ; ,, j " They are very nice girls," she remarked. I " Possibly. I know nothing about girls." " You don't visit much, I think? Bho again ventured. . .j "No; f am thankful I find something better! to do." and he pushed -tho1 unkembt -hair from- his forehcacl, and1 closed his 'eyes,' as if . to 'clear his brain' of 'the disturbing possibility of such' a' fate, of which the present was a taste not at. "all .'to his likiug. ' . f The servant placed a dish" before him, which .excused them for again lapsing into . happy 'silence. Thus, tlio dinner passed off, save for a ;few' Spasmodic attempts' at conversation liko the. (previous. And at .the finish, nover wero two ' jpeoplo so glad to got rid of each other as Helen, Cameron and her extraordinary companion: . i Mf.'Hilto'n did iiot appear again that night, although, he, usually kopt . his mother company JfdriVu p6rtibn!of every evening, -after a .Bilont! :fashion.. ... ,... . . "Helen gave him up as hopeless. She had failed to win the least courtesy from him ; and1 there aro.few things a woman resents like a tacit! aypwal ; that, she is powerless, to attract. , .The two' weary days, each worse than tho other for dreariness,' came to an end at last. With a light heart, sho retired to her bed on Thursday night, and gladly, looked: for ward to the morrow.. I'll : describe iiiiu to the girl3 as the most impassiblo riiq'iister it was ever my lot to become acquainted :with."- 1 With- buoyant alacrity, she rose next ! morning, .unmindful of the cold, which was. j piercing; slipping her feet, into a pair of warm i slippers, she went to tliq window to raise the blind. 0 horror! What she 'had feared from (tho "feeling" of the cold night before, was (realised. A deep mantle of snow covered the (ground! ' .£'; if-; 'J- j . ClIATER II. ji -Helen came dpwn to breakfast utterly -doleful. I She had! Indulged' in la ;gopd "cry, ,to he£ih with ; ' and-now was filled with dismay at the prospect before her. On entering the breakfast-room, she; found Mr. Hilton had been waiting for her somo time. " I beg your pardon ; I am very- sorry to have kept you so long without your breakfast," ' Attracted- by, Iter despondent tones, he looked up with' the first approach to interest he had manifested since her arrival, and said : " I'am sorry for you, Miss Cameron ; this snow; will make you a prisoner for somo time, I am afraid ;" and regret for himself was not unmingled wifh -his sorrow-for.her._:_ ... . ... . ..1. "Yes ; I am dreadfully sorry," she returned, with a look.of blank, disappointment.in_her.faee, regardless of the ill complimont which..- had actually ponctrated Mr. Hilton's pachyderiuatous sensibility, "and sot liimthiriking. Now,'wh'eii ".a: man like that begins to think, he generally does' so to some purpose.- The latent chivalry, of. thiq, strange hoing began to awake, and the man !reJ memoered with self-reproach that he had -done- nothing, as' a host/ to merit any other than the) candid avowal-he had just heard. - s X " I am sure! don't know what I shall do, n<Bhe. moaned, as sho stood ifres'oliito ! by'.tlio' fiiitoS. genuinely miserablo to.be polite, J , " Well, come ahd try some-'breakfast/and thcn| we must see what can be dene to presero lifcrih11 you! afterwards, " he said, with, something teoyf' like a sniilo shiriihgon his face, the first.8herhao overseen. - ' : -'.i/xJ : As a gleam of sunshine attracts, on a gloomy day, ho did this-smile-attract Helen; ariaauseu her tp regard him: with surprise!. j Ho" caught" the' ldok, and asked its-meaning, in! sucha friohdly .voca, that she said with: simplo! bluntness,: "I saw you smile; I didn't -think you could!" .- a j - The smilo widened into a laugh;: hotwltlistan'd. :ing the unintended sarcasm, .which he-.was .cou I scious he desorvtd ; the snow ..was falling outside,-' whilo- within-the first symptoms of a thaw hat. begun ! a t - . He, strange to say; was the first to be hwaro of it, as he glanced every now and then at the -woe begone' faco sitting- near.- A.-;,' "Is it true," she faltered, "that the' snow does not clear away for weeks ?"" ' " Quite true." : t, ' ! . " 0 dear ! what skall I do?" she sighed. "We must try. and make the best of it for you;" he answered kindly. " I know this must be a dreadfully dull hole for a young lady to bo : shut up in, with only a couple of old people, like my mother and myself, for company ; but I am afraid there is no help for it- 1" : : ; "Are you fond of reading?" he asked; after a pause. " I have some good books; but not it. voor I stylo, I am afraid." " ' ' 1 1 ' " I hm . afraid' not. You are very learned and clever, arb jrbti hot ?" Bhe asked; with 'amusing simplicity,- , her- eyes opening as she -made the inquiry, as- though treadiug on unknown and dangerous ground. "Tho girls— the Narcots, told me so, and that made me rather afraid of you, and fancy"-- ' " I couldn't laugh, and had torcotton how to sinile," he interposed. " Woll, don the frightened any more, for I am neither learned nor clover, . that I know of; and I believe I can suiilo when provoked to do so; only living so much to myself, I seldom got an opportunity. " " But that is your own fault, is it not? You bato — us— women, I mean; don't you? So the Narcot girls told mo. Isittruo?" "Tartly ;" and he pushed his plate away as bo spoke, and resumed his favorite attitude, with his elbows on the table ; thon, as if reflecting, he added in a ; lower tone: "Still I believe I am capable of conversion, only no one has ever tried.'' "Perhaps you never gave them a chance," Bho said, with a bright laugh, which displaced tho cloud of melanouoly for a moment, its sho went to the window to seo if she could discorn signs of relenting ou tho part of her cruel gaoler outside. Mr. Hilton, meanwhile, was revolving her last wirds in his mind, as ho played with the bread crumbs, saying to himself that. she had spoken rightly ; and when a woman has once had the luck to! drive, a truth homo iuto a man's mind, w hick ho is willing to acknowledge, she haB certainly gained a point. On other mornings, he generally disappeared as soon as breakfast was over, and nover showed again until summoned to another meal ; but this morn ing he sat on aud oh, even aftor the cloth was removed, ahd tho distraction of arranging the crumbs into mathematical problems had been taken from him. His train of thought evidently lay above- ground this morning. " This girl would be in tho bouse for weeks ;" and ho caughthimself looking at her ad she gazed hopelessly out of the window ; and then this thought, at one time so repugnant, grew not altogether distasteful, although, of course, there would be a vast amount of inconvenience attending it, which he was forced to admit. It was a bat. business on the whole, certainly, and ho would have infinitely preferred if the snow had not fallen. But here she was ; and he must make the best of it, and be thankful that, as far as women went, sho was endurable after her kind, was unob trusive at -least, and would evidently rather hot be staying ; under these circumstances, ho must make an effoit. j Helen left the window, and took, an easy-chair by tho firo, rosigning horaolf to the hopelessness of 'the situation, wondering when on earth Mr. Hilton meant to.eo. when he surprised her by turning his chair right round in front of the fire and en sconced himself in it as if to take'up his position for the morning: I | A quarter, of an hour passed, during which I time they both looked hard at the'fite, vyhilo I hoitber spoke. Thon Helen said : " Please, Mr. I Hilton, aon't sit thorb all day and do manners on I my account. I shall go up to my room, if you do. I If I am to be a prisoner nerefor some time, don't | add to my affliction by making mo feel I am a I trouble to you. I know, you are always hard at j work: by- this timo. Indeed, it iB on my con- l science that I interrupted your studies at meal I iimea, as the Narcots told mo you always read at I such times." """ - 1 . ; . - ' I ' " I am afraid the Narcots have ,not given me a. good character paying me' out" for all my I incivilities, I suppose. You might,. howover, | give trie an 1 opportunity of proving ' them mis-. tftlCODa' '' "' ' " ' ' ' " ' '' ' I " Yes ; butl cannot hear'disturbing thp routine ' of any one's daily life. I feel as if they must look iipon ino as such. a bore, ait unenviable distinction ht best-." . ' . t). , ,'f But suppose I tell you, you don't bore, me, . he! answered iwithaj smile.; > I . shouldn't believo you, I am afraid. The leopard can't change bis skin, or his spots : which | is' it"; I am so stupid over ouotations. No ; it is ,,tho Ethiopian wbo'has the skin." : "But as lam neither Ethiopian nor leopard, but belonging to the Caucasian race of the genus honioy l may be permitted to change that mercurial oryanism' existing in our species called mind. Without wishing to pay you any compliment, I desire 'to say that I should be glad to make -your enforced imprisonment in my house less doleful than you ht present contemplate. If you can .suggest any course of amusement you would like to plirsue/in whichl can assist you, I will forego my books whilo you aro here, and — placo my lime at your disposal." The last sentence came out with an effort which showod the immensity of the sacrifice. Helen looked incredulous. " Do you really mean it ?" she asked. . " lam perfectly in earnest." . ' " Then, I know what I would. like," \- " What?'' he inquired with a norvous pang : ho know not what wild prank ho may have pledged himself to. . " You shall impart some of that wondorful learning of yours into my unfurnished brain. I have so long . wanted to read Goetno in tue | original, but I don't know German sufficiently. I Mrs. Hilton tells mo you - know Goothe and Ger- I man, and everybody and everything, alive and I dead by heart. Will you teach pae German ?" " Has my poor mother been giving me a bad I character, like the rest of the world ? — with more cause, perhaps.?" ahd ho looked" into the fire without answering her question. || \- But you really aro. a German ; scholar— are j you not?". :| i". Yes ; I. will .teach you." - > . ;| " Oh," if you -will, I'll think you the kindest | creature in the world ; and won't regret the snow," : I 'she added archly.' "Then, while I am studying, you can 'go on with your reading and writing, ,| 1 can't you ? and you wou't find me . so dreadfully ip tho way, will you?" His faco wore an amused look aq hp listened to her eager questions. "So you want ' to read: Gootho in the -original. Well, you, must follow me ; but, remember, I shall oxpoct to bo paid fori .my. trouble." " How-?'' : j " By being tbougbt the kindest creature iu the' ; wbrld ; a decided novelty for- me. Now, come' into my- library, and I wul start.you at once." ; " Oh, not in there !" and she drew- back. "Ii should be frightened to go in there. —I hear you: -keep the bones of Noah and all the animals that .-wentiwitb him into tho ark— to say nothing o thb'80'he left outside— in there." . i \- ;" But if I am tohave a;pupil,<I must snporin 'teiid the -study, "he- answered, laughing ; " and. I; promise' Noah shall not pnt in an appearance, or jin,ariy way disturb your peace of iiiind ; so follow; me. t You havd never'' Been my library, have iyou-?"- i ; " No." . " Then don't speak against, such', a haven of rest, of which yon are ignorant;" ! What would the Narcot girls say, if they could .'.only: seo us !" she thought, as she followed him . on tip-toe, not quite certain, but determined to be brave. : " Oh, how very charming 1" she exclaimed; as she surveyed the comfortable book-lined room, with its carved oak ceiling, its luxurious Persian rugs, its inviting easy-chairs, and its massive double writing-table, the wholo mado intensely snug by the glow of a bright crackling wood fird. : ' "No signs of . such -a damp -creature as Noah . here," he said, as ho placed'a chair for her at the writing-table, and rapidly looked out the requi site books, -that he;might.find out h'oyv much sho did. not know, before setting her to work. 'Tfarough' d fog'- of timidity, she managed to let him see she was fairly advanced, and then- he set ..c ;' her some translation to do, .himself taking a book ::! the while to read. Tho translation was effected, ' '/ and pushed across tho tablo for correctioir. He ; ' then gave her somo othor work to do; which kept ' hor for two hours in tho library, when she lwt . him to seok bis mother. . . ' Mr; Hilton was experiencing a new sensation : - one ho hod not felt for years; since those; ' old . ; f ' Oxford dayh, when a pretty girl, to whom he tad' ' , bedn devoted, jilted him, ; and made him almost ; deSpiso hor sex, vowing never more, if ho could ( help it, to look on tho faco of any woman,; save : his mother ; a vow ho might havo kopt religiously < ' to tho ond of his dnyB, hut for this fall of snow. ' Now, circumstancos8 wore leagued against him. 1 What vows or resolutions could stand against r, .. teaching a " nice" girl every day for two hours ; liaviug tho same " nico" girl sitting as his com- : panion at every meal ; and, more than iril, the same "nico" girl singing, as sho did, evening after ovening, tho most di vino little melodies -in' tho most sympathetic manuor! St. Anthony, himsolf must bavo giron in undor such a cross-fire of allurements ! ; He had folt tho spoil growing gradually, until, at tho ond of the third week, ho stood face to face : with the truth, and knew ho was a conquered man; Slie stood between him and his moat cherished !'. books and researches, and then he remeniliered -. with pain that his youth was all gone, and ho had ( only the tail, lean, grizzled remnants of a man to offer to this bright girl, beaming with youth and life; and tho knowledge well-nigh proved over whelming. During tho lesson hours, he was calm mid undemonstrative enough ; but whon they t were over, and she wns gone, thero ensued a ' j strange feeling of desolation. . ' Soon the weather showed signs of relenting. About a week later, Helen remarked, looking, at . the snow : " You will soon got rid of me now." "You will bo bettor plcaaod to go than wo to , j lose you," ho returned dolefully. if " I don't know. I Bhall be sorry to leayo'the ' .-' Gorman lessons behind. What a happy thought that was of mine !" sho exclaimed. _ ' | , ,. "What's tho matter?' sho inquired, as she stood beside him. , . / His heart was in his eyes as he looked up;! ' with no gaze as if searching into the dead past; but a broad, opon> earnest Took in tho future, as " ho . said": " I think I am almost sorry the time.. h'as come for. you to go. ' I have grown fond ol toacbing. '' I wish you would stay a little longer, v and lot m'e try to' teach you . one thing more j' j and hero , one arm stole, timidly, oh; BO-'f; tremblingly, round: Helen, who forgot to resent";; the liberty ! -..".I- .... .... ; ; " What is that?" ; : : " To love mo a little," he whispered, in a voiceiJT choked with emotion; whieh' betrayed now hope- leas ho folt the request, but, whidh now; meant' everything to him.: ; !!,' . 5 . " Impossible 1" ; Bhe murmurod; shaking -ihV,, head.' ' - r v. : . " I feared so !'' ho said.dospondingly. M .-ui-lrio i:! " Do you know why ?"; sho asked; iookifig ;no!ii inhisfaco... " V '" "Why?" ; . , : . " Because I havo learned that lesaon already, ,: and know it quite by heart I" : > d Tbb German fared badly that day, as they sat together., and conned over another lesson, "the1'' aamo in all languages, the : truost and the most.; blessed, thoy or any ono could learu. : OH, what willthoNarcotssay ?" she exclaimed "How they will teaso mo 1" and she gave him: I their letter to read, over which he laughed' heartily, ' : "Tell them, nous avons clangc tout ccla, and that you have dng up the "old fossil, and placed ' him inthobd3t museum any man can .have-r-fld (woman's loving heart, where ho hopes to: remain ( I for ever !" ' ' - ,,;l, :; 'y ,>1;ir'y',l " But, -then, I don't think; after, all jou;cenWu have been .a proper, docent >kiud' , of ,fo'ssil,'yott;) know," she said archly;:...; i r , < "Why?" . ' m :? j " Because I found you so near : the surface ; and hit .was not such very; hard work 'diggibg'yqu.out;'' - .ahe.added with a bright provoking Hugh, '" tor ; you woie.only buried! under. a fall of snow/ '" 