BAITING FOR BOOBIES. .r- i i ' (Examiner. V .. i., , i "We are most of us struck with surprise at the: credulity of the greenhorn who is inveigled into, a skittle-alley and a beershop,.and'is finally . in duced to part with a large amount of hard cash, . in order to show his confidence in a gentleman: who disappears round the corner, for ever, with; the money. We quote the proverb— a fool and: hispurse are soon parted — and we derive a pecu-; liar satisfaction from the feeling that itwouldbe .very difficult indeed to take us in with shallow . tricks and devices. We are inclined to specu late upon what manner of traveller he may bei who requires to be warned and cautioned against gangs of card-sharpers, who are known to fleece, unwary persons in railway carriages. We have probably never encountered swindlers of: this quality, and we are sure if we had they would never have succeeded in making as much: as a shilling while in our society. We should, however, bear in mind that the cunning fellows., who live by their, wits are quite .content to hunt down their natural quarry. They seldom fly at high game such as is the natural prey of superior practitioners.' > 1 They study the haunts of Tim Bobbin come to town. who may be seen occasion- ally in. our thoroughfares : on -the brood grin, such as George Crujkshank drew for books when' Pierce Egan wrote his instructive history of Tom, Jerry, and Bob Logic;.. -We do not intend,; however, to dwell upon the clumsy operations :: of the ordinary street sharper; . .Taking a sur- vay of some of the superior branches of the call ing, we may pick out a few interesting particu-; laj-s and details. Let us glance, for instance; at the established literature of cozening. : We have \- only ' to look through certain colujnns of our morning paper to perceive how many attempts at obtaining money, which' are almost stupidly because obviously rogueish. Several , we. may even recognise as haying . been exposed, the whole Bag of tricks having been opened and:ex-j ' hibited before a police-court or the Quarter Ses sions, and yet the promoters have scarce had time to allow their hair to grow beyond the ; prison length when they' are at the old dodge and scheme again.' They will tell . you 'how to secure an income of L400 ; they havo diamond ' rings in pawn worth L80, and you . shall, have the ticket for L30 ; they have an invention war-: ranted to represent the possibility of wealth be- yond avarice, and they ask you to supply the' preliminary expenses and working capital. These announcements would not appear unless they were attended to. The anglers for boobies' cannot afford to fling away ground bait. Tlxey may have to wait a considerable period for a! victinj, but when he is hooked and.lauded their unholy joy at the capture must be at least equal; to the gaudia certininis which, we are infprjned the sportsihan experiences when he bags a; bird.! Of course; there are masters and apprentices at' the craft. It is not difficult to distinguish the degrees both of Bkill and - efficiency of the: advertising Cartouches. That the occupation is not a very hazardous . one, we may judge; from the fact of the few of these gentry, com-: ; paratively speaking, who are pulled up and: .brought to trial. As a career, swindling through the medium of the Press and the post, employ-' ing for the puipose two agencies which civiliza tion regards amongst its rarest triumphs, must! possess a profound fascination for those who; adopt it. It may be carried on so completely,! as it were, in kid gloves, and be kept altogether ! .intact from the vulgar associations or accidents j . to which, for instance, the personal presentation ,of a begging-letter is liable. 1 Besides the rogues who would give us no value; for our.money, we are bound to take into ac count the great hoBt of public benefactors who,- cannot fairly be classed with pickpockets. We: -have no taste, no vanity, no weakness, no ac complishment, no ailment, no disfigurement,! which'in our day cannot be satisfied, tickled,; encouraged, ciured, or corrected. Dr. Wolcot, in one of his Pindarics, describes, a .quack sell- rig a piil which he warrants will enable a pea-1 . sant to find a jackass which he had lost. We ' may detect pills and similar wares vouched for: with equal confidence, their, therapeutic quali ties being recommended as infallible for 'every1 ill or trouble to which flesh could be heir. It! ris not strange' that the average sense ofthe community i3 not a3 yet sufficiently educated to disbelieve assurances which ought to be regard-: ed as insulting addressed to any creature' with' a capacity above that of a born idiot 1 This is sometimes called, the age of scepticism, but against the critical spirit there is a balance, .of \- credulity arid superstition of which .Sludge the Medium and a thousand others know how to avail themselves. The sceptical or critical' temperament is only to be found amongst an exceedingly limited portion of the community.: A few months ago a child's caul was advertised, for sale in either the Standard or the Telegraph. Fortune- telling is still' carried on, and within the last fortnight the tale of a rural Moll White was extracted from the provincial journals,; which would have caused Addison to smile as he did at the poor witcli on Sir Roger de Cover ley's estate. But we need not multiplyinstances " of' gobemouche folly in this direction. We can see it on all sides of us.' The marvellous has still it3 attractions for t!io multitude, as it has for children. - . A mob collects around a house in Chelsea in which a ghost is reported to have walked, as the phrase is. A crowd gathers and waits for hours, fascinated by the same rumour coupled with an old mansion in ' .Westminster. Police magistrates express their surprise and amazement at this state of things, but'perhapB do not think it wonderful that , ladies and gentlemen at the West-end : should should pay a couple of guineas for the privilege of seeirig a dark seance.. The case of Richard G. Daniels, one of the selectors implicated ; in the Echuca dummy cases, was brought before the Minister of Lands ' -on Monday by Mr O'Loghlen, who applied, v says the- Argus, 'that Daniols' selection might not be thrown open for selection, but might be put up for sale by auction, and a valuation for improvements allowed the selector. ' . Mr O'Loghlen said' the report of the proceed ings at 'the special board at Ecliuoa showed that Daniels had been a bona Ji'le selector, and the remarks of the chairman were so favourable that Daniels, relying, on his report, had not ap pealed. Mr Casey Baid the written recom- . inendat ion of the chairman was that the licence .' should be forfeited, and the' improvements re- vert to the Crown! It appeared, ' howevor, on \- Mr Casey consulting J udgo Bindon's remarks at the board,- as rejjortod by . the Government short-hand writer, that there was a great dis crepancy between his statements there and his written recommendation to tlie' Minister. . .Mr Casey therefore said he would hold over the case for further inquiry, as there must be some . mistake, and in tho meantime the land would ! be withdrawn from selection. 