TUMUT LOCAL NEWS. . IT seems singular that the inhabitants of Tumut, with a fine river flowing past the foot of the gentle declivity on which their town is built, should ever have cause to complain of the want of water for household use, yet such is frequently the case. The Tumut river which, above its confluence with the Gobera- gandra river is a pure limpid stream, has a very brown and muddy aspect in the neigh- bourhood of the town, and evidently holds in suspension much foreign matter. A specula- tor some time since mooted a scheme for bringing good water into the town, and supplying each house with the same by means of pipes; but such a gigantic undertaking did not find favor with the public, and of course nothing came of it. At length that wonderful piece of engineering skill the Tumut town pump—was devised and construct- ed, by means of which the public were to obtain good water at a moderately cheap rate—at least, so said the promoters—but what is the result? The ditch which was excavated to admit of carts getting under the pump is choked up with thistles, and the endless chain lies fathoms deep in the bottom of the well. We noticed the other day, perched upon the uppermost part of the rusty wheel of the pump, a laughing jackass pouring forth its wild cachinations, as if in derision of the specimen of man's folly beneath him. Few townspeople have as yet gone to the expense of sinking wells for themselves; but those who have done so have in most instances been rewarded by a plentiful supply of pure, sweet water. One of these wells is situated in the very centre of the town and is much resorted to during summer heats, when a clear cold, draught is n luxury. People who do not possess a well, and have not the means of carting water for themselves, pay what they consider rather a high price for this indispen- sible fluid, viz., 9d, per cask; and but for competition in the water trade they would have to pay 1s. per cask. We understand it is the intention of one or two individuals, as soon ns the summer sets in, to supply the public with water at 6d. per cask should they meet with suitable encouragement, and we hope they will. ON Sunday morning last, at All Saints Church, the Rev. D. E. Jones delivered an eloquent argumentative discourse on the ordinance of confirmation, taking for his text the 17th verse of the 8th chapter of Acts "Then laid they their hands on them and they received the Holy Ghost." The preacher first spoke of the antiquity of the ceremony, proving by passages from several of the early Fathers of the Church, as well as from Holy Writ that the rite is of Apostolic origin. He next dwelt on the benefits derived from a right participation in the ordinance, and then mentioned several objections urged against confirmation which he endeavoured to refute, concluding his subject with a few impressive practical observations. Notice of the special service having been previously given a very large congregation assembled on the occasion. The Rev. gentleman informed his parishioners that confirmation classes would be held every Friday at half-past 7 o'clock, and, for the benefit of those who reside at a distance from the vicarage, on Sunday mornings at 10 o'clock. It was also announced that on and after the first Sunday in September the hour for evening service would be half-past 7 o'clock. WE believe the Anglican Bishop of Goul- burn proposes on his return to Australia to land in one of the neighbouring colonies, and from thence travelling overland make the tour of his diocese, and hold confirmations ere he makes Goulburn. THE foundation of Messrs. Blakeney's new premises is completed, and no doubt under the able hands of Mr T. Brashier the building will rapidly progress. Mr George Hoad, sen., has just finished the erection of a substantial two-storied dwelling house in Fitzroy- street, on the site formerly occupied by the Tumut theatre. THE building committee of the Roman Catholic Church were engaged on Monday last marking out the lines for the foundation of the new edifice; nearly all the stone required for the foundation is upon the ground. On the 19th inst., being the Sunday on which the jubilee commences, the Right Rev. Dr. Lanigan, Bishop of Goulburn, will attend the service of the day, and lay the foundation stone of the new Church, and the Rev. Dr. Birmingham, of Wagga Waggn, will preach on the occasion. We are informed that after the ceremony of laying the founda- tion stone is complete the committee will call for tenders for the erection of the main building. ON Sunday last, as the denizens in that usually quiet quarter of the town, Merivale- street east, were sitting down to their mid-day meal they were startled by the sound of a commotion out of doors, which was caused by a fracas between two members of the fair sex, who were engaged bandying expressions more forcible than elegant, and sprinkling each other with water, one using the fluid cold and the other hot. One of these combatants was particularly demonstrative, for—armed with a toilet vessel which she first dipped in her neighbour's water cask—she sought to enforce her argument by smashing the article in question on her opponent's arm, causing a wound which was subsequently stitched up by Dr. Verschuer. Constable Cresser finally appeared upon the scene, and acting as peace maker succeeded in restoring tranquility. AN accident occurred on Monday last, near the post-office, which drew together quite a crowd of people. A Mr Muntz was trying a horse sold to him as quiet in harness; but on putting the horse into a dray at Allatt's smithy the animal began to rear and plunge, and at length bolted down Merivale-street, finally running full tilt at a large stump and overturning the dray. Muntz, who fortu- nately rolled clear of the dray, had a narrow escape as the guard iron struck the ground within two inches of his head. LAST Monday the weather was exceedingly mild, but signs of a change were apparent in the dark heavy clouds which obscured the sky. The night was even warmer than the day; but towards the next morning thunder was heard, and shortly the rain came down in torrents and continued to fall with more or less violence till Wednesday morning. The river rose and overflowed its banks, and the low- lands were flooded; but as the bleak cold wind indicates that it is snowing in the mountains, the flood will probably not rise much higher at present. IN consequence of the late rains our mail man Charles King, brought on the letters on horseback on Tuesday, and in returning with the outward mail in the evening met with rather a severe accident. When near Sandy Creek his horse fell and rolled over its rider, and King lay for a considerable time in a deep rut unable to move. Afterwards though badly hurt he managed to get back to the Gilmore Inn. The mail was conveyed to Adelong by Mr Potter next morning. THE Innocents Abroad Variety Troupe, gave two entertainments during the week at the Temperance Hall, and considering the weather they had a fair attendance. The per- formance is worth patronizing. The following selections were taken up at the land-office on Thursday:— J. B. Sharp 160a, Nackie Nackie Jas. Irwin, 80a, Goberagandra Henry J. Sharp, 100a, Nackie Nackie Arthur Sharp, 200a, Nackie Nackie. 