CLERICAL DISSENSIONS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-I am by no means ambitious of getting into a discussion on the subjected clerical dissensions, and were it not to, silence might possibly be misunderstood should not again have made any reference to the matter. 'TM In your foot-note to my former letter you say that I have forgotten the di- pute between the Rev A M. Henderson and the Victorian Independent WitCS Stirring up the mud in that little or Mr, I may be allowed to observe that 11, , forgotten that lively episode in our °" siaBtical history, but I failed to see in the, proof or evidence that our denomination was in a condition of internal disquietude MV Henderson, as you are aware withdrew from all connexion with the management and conduct of that paper He gave his reason for doing so His action was pretty K. discussed at the time, and almost universal _ condemned He was, I have no doubt be . satisfied in his own mind that he mi right, and to this day he enjoys doubt lesS the proud satisfaction of saving me a noble stand for the truth But Mr IIciX son's withdrawal did not cause any draws his presence was not necessary to our time nor did his absence in the least endanger it Congregationalism survived and the Vicio nan Independent was never so full of vigour and promise as at present I can hardly. bring myself to believe that you found fault with us for such open discussions an inevitably arise where association is voluntary. and discussion free To conceal our opinion? such circumstances would be hypocrisy and to suppresS them would be tyranny But those of such discussions that they are inconsistent with the notion of brethren dwelling; to gether in unity is, in my estimation at least a misapprehension and misapplication of the grand principle of Christian union. With reference to the letter which an peared in your issue of Tuesday last signed "A Congregational Layman," will you allow me to express my inability to understand how any one calling himself an Independent could seriously send forth such a production In the first place he gives it as his belief that you will see in my former letter further proof of that spirit of domination and clerical despotism" which you have been exposing of late Now, Sir, in my sim. party I was flattering myself with the thought that my little epistle was overflow. ing with the milk of human kindness By what process of curious chemistry it became to your correspondent a sour clerical compound, I cannot even conjecture A Congregational Lay man" has lived too long to witness in these days such a manifestation of clerical despotism In the second paragraph of his letter this same layman speaks of the Congregational ministry as being equally guilty with the Baptists and the Wesleyans in grasping at increased authority and influence, and he expresses his satisfaction with the defence. nation that actuates the laymen in seeking to curtail and restrict all clerical domina. tion." In view of such a statement, 1 cou. fees, Sir, I can hardly believe that your correspondent knows anything either of the principles or the history of Congregational Independency. How much further than any body of men "curtail" a power than by taking it away altogether ' And one of the pillars of Congregationalism is that the power is in the people, and not in the ministers Our churches are supposed to be free and independent, and if the laymen choose to exercise their rights, they can make very short work of " clerical denomination ' In our ecclesiastical organisations, as a matter of fact, our laymen outnumber our ministers, and as these societies are the product of the day" and as well as of the clerical, where is that thing he calls clerical despotism I will not be so uncharitable as to insinuate that what your correspondant means by clerical despotism is nothing more notice than the just influence which a minister may gain for himself in a free assembly of his co religionists by his powers of persuasion and the possession of a little common sense. And yet, in our body, beyond that don t know even the ghost of a reason for the assertion that our ministers are grasping at power and domination In his next paragraph "A Congregational Layman" seems to doubt the wisdom of allowing any one who cannot work with us to retire for my part, I cannot imagine what else he can do, consistently with honour and manly feeling. He says the Wesleyan. and the Roman Catholics " allow the same thing I am very glad to hear it, for nothing in my opinion shows the triumph of Christian principle more than the manifestation of a kindly and impersonating spirit to a brother who has retired from our communion because he could no longer continue with us. "A Congregational Layman" attempts to put me right on what I called the process of shunting Under this figure of speech I meant that our system of government and laws of association were so simple and work able, that we can very easily remove all unreasonable obstructions to the progress of necessary work. We have no church coarse nor cumbersome modes of procedure We have no creeds nor most potent doors" We unite for work, and it would say little either for our intelligence or our course were we to allow any one to stop us in what we believe to be the path of duty, " Shunting ' in this sense has nothing whatever to do with the work of saving souls. God forbid that any church should get rid of publicans and sinners in any way, or refuse to extend to them the hand of help, and a word of sympathy It appears I have not told my lady friend where our troublesome and litigious members are shunted to. His common sense might have told him that such a process never takes place unless to open the main line or to effect necessary repairs To shunt 9 person is therefore to keep him from being run down, or to give him time for reflection and amendment. In reference to the delicate insinuation that my former letter was a "weak, i have only to say I was perfectly serious, although I confess I am sometimes amused at the unnatural dread which some people exhibit in the presence of a minister I will not deny that this uncalled for fear as often makes me sad, for, us a class, we are not altogether free from blame in this matter. We look, however, with hope to the intelligence and fair play of the press, and we invoke your aid to help us in entirely abolishing everywhere the exclusive privileges of the clergy But, in doing so, don't forget we are men and citizens for myself I claim no exclusive privileges, and I strongly object to all social and and is abilities am, at, A. GOSSAN. St Kilda Feb 20 