CLARENCE AND MUDDY PLAINS RACES. SECOND DAY. It would seem almost that the second day of our Tasmanian races was under the government of some evil genius as far as the weather is concerned, for yesterday opened with a drizzling rain and lowering clouds, which prophesied anything but a pleasant fore or after noon. In consequence of this damper on the day's enjoyment, the races were not patronised as they might have been under more favourable weather. Still there were not a few, even among the fair sex, who, despite the unlikely appearance of the day, felt the attraction of the sport more than sufficient to make amends for any little inconvenience. Consequently the attendance, taking all things into consideration, was very fair, and the various steamers and 'busses received a moderate amount of patronage. During the day there were somewhere about 200 persons on the course, all of whom evinced the usual amount of interest consequent upon local meets. The customary games of chance were plied with energy, though with questionable profit, but nothing of particular interest In this respect occurred during the day, the patrons of the races appearing to exhibit a degree of orderliness and sobriety that was most commendable. On the return, however, when Cooley's'bus was about half-a-mile from the course, and driving in rather heavy sand, the whole of the fore-carriage gave way. breaking the axle-tree and springs. Several of the passengers on the outside of the 'bus were thrown to the ground, among whom two youths, named Mead and Morrison, received slight injuries to the leg and ankle, and for a short time were completely stunned. Of course the whole of the passengers were obliged to dismount, and make their way home, either by walking or by any chance conveyance they could pick up. Our reporter, determined to gain home as soon as possible, mounted one of the 'bus horses with the harness attached, and thus jogged his way onward. On the road however, he met Mr. F. Pedder, Superintendent of Police, who, by the liberality of Mr. Punch, of Rokeby, managed to obtain a saddle and bridle. On arriving at Kangaroo Point he managed at last to make home in Mr. Hales' boat. We believe that no serious injury was incurred by any of the passengers on the 'bus. Several of them were kindly brought home by Mr. C. G. Eady, of the Albion Hotel, in his trap, which came up immediately after the accident. The racing during the day was very good, and considerable interest was evinced in the result of the various events. In the Hurdle Race, the first event of the day, Blackthorn managed to carry off the palm, though there seemed to be" little doubt that had it not been for a baulk occasioned partly by Messenger, Touchit would have carried away the prize. In the Farmers' Purse, Talleyrand added one more victory to his fame, carrying Off both the first and second heats. Albion declined to run in the second heat, partly, we believe, on account of some dissatisfaction in connection with the start of the first heat. In the Consolation Stakes, Albion ran in an easy winner, without ever being pushed. For the Hack Race, there were only four entries, and Mr. Denham's Prince carried off the prize. The Hurry Skurry fell through on account of an insufficiency of entries. Appended are the details of the day's running : HANDICAP HURDLE RACE. Of 20 sovs. About two miles, over eight leaps. Mr. O. Joseph's blk h RUckthorn ... (T. Rumney) ) Mr. Wm. Taylor's b g Touchit. (Poole) 2 Mr. Walter Rumney's 1> h Talleyrand (W. Rumney) 3 M. E. G. Mason's b g Messenger . (Chaut) 0 Betting: Level on Talleyrand and Blackthorn, and 2 to 1 on the rest. Blackthorn went away with the lead, with Touchit second, Messenger third, and Talleyrand last. All the horses took the first leap in good style except the favourite, Talleyrand, who unfortunately baulked, and lost almost all chance of winning the race. At the second leap, -oth Touchit and Messenger baulked, the latter horse throwing his rider, and in consequence, both horses were to all intents almost out of the, race, The contest now lay between Talleyrand and Blackthorn. Blackthorn kept on at a steady pace, negotiating his leaps in fine style, and not for a moment showing the " white feather, Touchit, whom we believe, but for his first baulk, would have won the race, came up in fine style, passing Talleyrand, and gaining every stride on Blackthorn, but he had lost too much ground, and came in second about five or six lengths to the rear. Talleyrand was a had third, and Messenger, who baulked at several of his leaps, was nowhere. FARMERS' PURSE. Of - soviet. Weight for age. One mile heats, 2 year old, a feather; year old, 8st; 4 year old, Out; 5 year old, 9st 2lb; G year and aged, 10st. Mares and gelding allowed 5lbs. Entrance, £1 10s, Mr. WalterKnmney's but Talleyrand ... (Chant) 1 Mr. C. G. Eady's b li Albion . (Motton) 2 p Mr. J). Calvert's b g Nimblefoot. 3 Mr. J. Pedder's gr m Miss Oakwood. (Jones) 0 Mr. Fitzgerald's Timekeeper . (-1. Quested) 0 Mr. J. W. Graves' Earl. (T. WaltouJ 0 Betting : In this race Talleyrand stood first favourite, being backed at the long odds of 2 to 1 against the Keith. Talleyrand went away with the lead, with Miss Oakwood second, the rest well up, and Albion last. At the turn, the Earl went up, closely followed by Miss Oakwood and Nimblefoot. On the Hat, Tallyrand and Nimblefoot raced together, but Tallyrand gradually forged ahead running in fine style. At the second turn Albion ran right through his horses and drew up to Tallyrand, but " Tally" was to much for him, and ran home a winner, without a struggle, Albion, a good second, Nimblefoot third, and the rest just saving their distance. For the second heat only three horses faced the starter, Albion being withdrawn. Tally and was again the favourite, long odds being taken on him, but very few takers. Miss Oakwood ran away with the starting " Tally" quickly went to the fore, with Nimblefoot gradually falling to the rear. Passing the first turn, "Tally" went ahead, but on the flat Mise Oakwood made hereffnrtandwentup racing neck and neck with the favourite. At the second turn, "Valley" was running with his head in the air, and Miss Oakwood commenced to get the whip, and the race was over. The two came racing up, Talleyrand, evidently making the appearance of a race, winning by about half a length. CONSOLATION HANDICAP, For horses that have run but not won at the present meeting. Post entry, 1 any. Once round the course. Mr. C. G. Eady's Albion, 4 yrs, 9st ... (Jones) 1 Mr. Chattel ton's Little Nell, aged, 7st ... (Taylor) 2 Mr. E. O M nu ma Mensonger, Ust 7lbs ... (Motton) 3 Mr. W, Rumney's Sir Roger, 8st. 0 Albion,' although weighted pretty heavily, was first favourite ; a few fancying Sir Roger. A very good start was effected, and Little Nell rushed to the front, with Messenger last, and the rest well up. Going down the flat, Little Wolf and Albion raced together, Albion running easily. Albion, at the second turn, went to the front, and come in an easy victory, with Little nell second, and Messenger third. HACK RACE (FIRST HEAT.) For horses that have never run for public money (except in a hack race).' Once round. Heats. Entrance, £1. Mr. Denham's PIGDON 1 Mr." Rumney" Tunnel Bell 2 Mr. J. W. Graves' Ghost. 3 Mr. Smith's Paiuport ...,...,..".,... 0 Twin?) Bell went to the front, and cut out the running, with Prince second, the Ghost and Pass- port lying back. On the flat, the Prince ran up, taking premier position, and Passport fell hopelessly to the rear. At the finish Prince ran home several lengths ahead, Tunnel Bell taking second place, and the Ghost last. Passport ran off the course in the latter portion of the race. In the second I heat Prince went off with the lead, and kept it to the finish, winning without an effort. Passport bolted at the stand. 