TheLa8TOF THE COUNTS DE JaBNAC. : iae death, just announced in England, of Lleutenant-General Louis de Rohan- Chabot* auneageof ninety-five, takes us back to; wo days of our faithful ally, Louis XVI.,: ana rounds to its close a curious life-history. m deceased nobleman, who bore one of the PrOUdeBt names in thfi FrAnnli nnnaia wnn n Major-General in the British army, a Knight vommander ofJHanover, a great proprietor in welaud and a Deputy-Lieutenant for the. rtfy_of Tipperary. He was a general also| iutne French service, and at one time was; an aide-de-camp of King Louise Phillippe. £?7« belonged to the younger or female ff? of the more than princely house of ftonan, whose well known motto was ; . . Hoi ne puis . Prince de daigne , Koi»i ^ , Rohan, Je suia I . ! hrrZ tei the fanious titleof C°unt de thCi,V , 80 memorable, among other S Li.y the.sudden and' brilliant stroke of, Cac v-nTfV'^y de Chabot, Sire de qffi ? llle-ih\s ^agonist, De la Chatai evSiu a duel in l54-7, that from that time lifeK anv, unexpected hit in letters or in Cfi?? ™]l& in France a Coup deJarnac. often n^f ?? Jarnac fled with his son, a boy «? - enS iX?lye\lnt.° £lif?land, at the time of When if n durin8 the firat Revolution. fiohan Oh?!?1? t0. manV e8tate *he y°uug 8ervea£rn?nfOientered ^e English army to aativa S vle usurPing government of his with tS - ™- ?e 8erved witb- the Ninth and, *«at thrm,»v?iteenth BFitiah Husaaw. and wicough the campaigns of Holland and of the Peninsula., In4809 he. married Lady Isabella Charlotte, a daughter of the Duke 'ofLeinster, and a sister of the' unfoftu'nafe but high-souled Lord Edward Fitzgerald. By this lady he was the father of two children, one daughter, now Mme. de Lasteyrie, and one son, to whom he gave his ancestral title of Count de Jarnac, and who, it will be re membered, died suddenly iD London a few months ago, as French Ambassador at the Court of St. James, leaving a widow, also of Irish blood, a 'Geraldine,' and a daughter of Lord Foley. Count de Jarnac had no children, and with the death of his venerable father the male line of this branch of the an cient house of Rohan-Chabot expires. This nonagenarian nobleman of two kingdoms and soldier of two crowns inherited the noble estate of Thomastown Castle, in Tip iperary, from the last Earl of Llandaff by a most singular chance. Lord Llandaff, who was a character in his way, took a great fancy in his last days to a young British officer remotely connected with himself, Mr. Buckley-Mathew,of the Cold-Stream Guards. His title expiring with himself, he had de vised his estates to the Viscount de Chabot, I as General de Rohan-Chabot was habitually called. But after seeing something of young Mathew his lordship determined to leave the property to him, told him so, and went up to Dublin to have his will drawn to that effect. His lawyer spent the evening with ! him, and made a draft of the will in pencil. This he took home, having engaged to bring it the next morning at ll o'clock properly engrossed and ready for signature. Lord Llandaff rose as well as usual and sat down to breakfast. While breakfasting a fish-bone ; stuck in his throat and he began to choke. ? His servant, instead of pounding him vigor- ! ously in the back at the risk of all human; respect for his rank, ran out and across the street in quest of Sir Cusack Looney, then = the great surgeon of Ireland. Sir Cusack hap- ! pened to be out, and before the maa could find a surgeon and return with him the Earl ; of Llandaff had given up the ghost. So Mr. j Buckley-Mathew lived to be the British Con- J 8ul in Philadelphia, and afterwards the Bri ish Envoy in Brazil, and the French Vis- 1 count de Chabot became a lord of manyl ; acres in fair Tipperary. The moral of aly which, atleast|onone side of the water, plainly is, that aged millionaires should never eat shad till they have made and signed their wills. 