'YE MUST BE BORN AGAIN.' (JOHNiii. 7.) Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews, and a member of the council, being sure, by the miracles of Jesus, that He was a teacher sent from God, came to Him by night, with a view, probably, of hearing what were the doctrines which He taught. Jesus, without noticing the title of Rabbi with which Nicodemus had saluted Him, enters at once upon the vital point of His religion. He opens His discourse with the words, ' Verily, verily, I say unto thee ;' thereby pointing out the great importance of the doctrine which He was about to lay down, 'Except a man (anyone) be born again he cannot see the kingdom of God.' This, therefore, being one of the great doctrines of Christ's religion, it becomes an object of the highest concern to learn from Scripture its real meaning. The words ' born again,' or ' born from above,' signify that the change must be great ; for in all the ordinary works of nature, scarcely any greater event can take place than when a child is first brought into the world. Wherever, also, the same spiritual change is noticed in other passages of Scripture, it is spoken of in equally strong terms, and shown by equally striking figures. Thus it is styled being ' born of God,' ' begotten of God,' ' begotten again ;' it is spoken of as ' a new creation,' without which no one is really and spiritually united to Christ. 'If any man be in Chris b, he is a new creature (or, creation) ; old things are passed away, behold all things are become new !' Those who feel this change are said to be 'quickened ' from a state of ' death in trespasses and sins,' in which they before walked, ' according to the course of this world ;' as 'alive from the dead,' and 'passed from death unto life.' It is compared to the first creation of light out of darkness, on account of the spiritual light which God thereby gives to the soul. 'God, who commanded the light to shine out of dai'kness, hath shined in our hearts, to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ.' It is said to be as ' deliverance from the power of darkness,' and .a ' translation into the kingdom of God's dear Son ;' as a 'spiritual resurrection;' an 'opening of the blind eyes, and a turning of men from dai'kness to light, and from the power of Satan to God.' Since, therefore, the Word of God' speaks of this change in the strongest possible words, it is plain that the change itself is as great as it is necessary. The kingdom of God appeal's to mean that spiritual king dom given to Messiah by the Father, which has a two fold state — that of grace on earth, and of glory in heaven. Yiewed in its state of grace, it may be regarded as consisting in that spiritual dominion which Jesus exercises in the hearts of His people here, and which will be made perfect in the kingdom of glory. ' Whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child, he shall not enter therein.' ' The kingdom of God is not meat and drink ; but righteousness and peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost.' Hence the words spoken to Nicodemus may be con sidered in effect to be this : No one can see or enter into the kingdom of Christ either in its state of grace on earth, or of glory in heaven, unless he has found a spiritual change, described by the term of being ' born again.' Let us now consider the explanation which Christ Himself gives, in reply to the question of Nicodemus, ' How can a man be born when he is old ?' To this Jesus said, ' Yerily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and - of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.' To ' enter into the kingdom of God appears plainly to signify ] the becoming a subject of Christ's kingdom of grace on - earth, with a view of, and to prepare for, sharing His ' kingdom of glory in heaven.. Nor. can there be any doubt that our being ' born of the Spirit' signifies our having the spiritual change before stated produced in us by the work of God the Holy Ghost. ' . Let us now consider some of the effects of this great change. A person who is ' born again' will see the kingdom of God, inasmuch as he will be led and enabled to discern, in some measure, the nature and excellence of that kingdom. He will begin to feel a lively concern for his soul, and to discover something of the importance of that eternal state into which he and all around him are hastening. The child of God, having felt a resurrection in his soul from spiritual death, through the same mighty power of God which He wrought in Jesus when He raised Him from the dead, will feel the force of that saying, ' If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth at the right hand of God. Set your affections on things above, and not on things on the earth' (Col. iii. 1,2.) When a person is ' born again,' he will see the kingdom of God by being led into right views of the character of God. He will no longer rest satisfied with taking his views of the character of the 'High and Lofty One that inhabiteth eternity,' from his own notions, or the writings of mere men ; but he will begin in good earnest, and with prayers for the grace of the Spirit, to search the Scriptures, in order to know what God hath made known of Himself. The Bible now becomes a new book to him ; he views it as the word of Jehovah, and hence no longer either neglects, or reads it as a mere form, or interprets away its meaning as he formerly did, in order to suit his own notions and his worldly views and purposes. He takes it as his guide to truth, and his standard of right and wrong. Wlien a person knows this change, he will be Jed to see the holiness of. the law of God, and his own state as a sinner. As he attains to a knowledge of the character of God as holy, just, and true, so his mind is enlightened to see the true nature and meaning of the law. The Holy Spirit brings home to his mind some one or more of the commandments in their spiritual meaning and extent, and awakens in his conscience the memory of his great sins. 1+ is thus the apostle describes his own conversion : — ' I was alive without the law once ; but when the commandment came, sin revived, and I died ' (Rom. vii. 9). Under these feelings the sinner will be led to ' flee for refuge, to lay hold upon the hope set before him' in the gospel of Christ. His mind, awakened, on the one hand, to a concern about his eternal salvation, and to a sense of his state as a sinner, and, on the other hand, finding by daily experience that there is no way of salvation in himself, is prepared to receive and welcome that 'faithful saying, worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners.' As Jesus declared, ' I am the way, the truth, and the life ; no man conieth unto the Father, but by Me;' so the teaching of the Spirit leads the soul to perceive that salvation can only be found through Christ, who ' died for our sins, and was raised again for our justifi cation.' We would therefore press upon the mind of the reader two things. First, the real need of the blessing of the new birth ; because, ' Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God' (John iii. 3). Secondly, the encouragement to seek for it, seeing that God has promised, ' A new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you ; and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I will give you an heart of flesh. And I will put My Spirit within you, and cause you to walk in My statutes, and ye shall keep My judgments, and do them' (Ezek. xxxvi. 26, 27). Keadei*, ' search the Scriptures' for yourself ; and search them with prayer, that you may receive the ' Spirit which is of God,' in order that you may know the things that are freely given of Him. Surely in following this advice you will be secure of not being led into error, for the Word of God is truth, and in answer to prayer He will send down the Spirit of truth, to guide you into all truth. 