THE STATE OF EUROPE. (FK03I THE AT.C.r.S COP.KESrOXDEJ.T.') Berlin, Oct 26. Those readers of Tne Argus who have done yonr Berlin correspondent. the honour of perusing his letters will not he surprised at tire Sultan's profiting by the Herzegovina rebellion to notify bankruptcy. Though lone in business under the attractive firm of Ituler of the Faithful, the illustrious defaulter has egregiously disappointed those who believed him (A ivjlict, his creditors) by going and repu diating halt his national debt. The reasons alleged for this peculiarly Turkish mode of settling accounts are as amusing as the promises accompanying them. The step, the Sultan with majestic good nature tells I the wondering world, has been taken solely "> the interest of his creditors. The lit I few years' loans have been regularly re quired to cover the interest on previous operations. To prolong this irritational sj-stem would have ultimately produced the direst consequences. To obviate them, the Snlta-> has thonght it for the interest of all concerned to resort to the beneficial ex pedient recommended by the wise councillors surrounding liis ever to be glorified throne, lu other words the insolvent withholds half that the whole may not be lost. Of course, it never enters his turbancd bead that, a similar result mieht have been obtained without any of the attendant evils of his present- method had his expenditure been reduced. As the successor of the Caliphs, he cannot afford to maintain less than fi,000 women, eunuchs, and valets in his various palaces. The Sultan, I need hardly say, is far too experienced a financier to declare half his scrip as abolished and done away with- All he begs to intimate is that cir cumstances oblige him to withhold half the interest for a period of live years, after which payment in full will he resumed- For the interest withheld a new sort of scrip is to be issued, to bear likewise five per cent interest The reply of the Fnropean money market to these intimations was the sending down the stock to a figure which plainly shows that all hope of recovering the repudiated half has been abandoned: The reason of this general mistrust may be explained in a very few words. Hp to 1S54 Turkey was considered altogether too unreliable a concern to deserve credit In that year the Western powers hoping to perpetuate her existence, if she could only he saved from the Bussian attack, gallantly assisted her with their troops, and imprudently introdueedher to their bankers. In the 20 years that have since elapsed, the Ottoman Government, who had no consoli dated debt whatsoever in the period anterior to this date, has raised 14 loans, amounting to a total of ■ £1S0,000,000.. Timidly be ginning with 3,000,000 in 1854,-they gathered courage as they went on,, and in 1S05 asked for £.'>5,000,000, to increase their demand to £40,090,000 last year. . Though this money had to he raised at a loss of from 15 to 30 per cent., and at an interest varying between 5 and 74 per cent., the Saltan could never he induced to restrict his personal expenditure, which, amounting to £2,500,000, consumes about the tenth part of the total outlay,* and the fifth or sixth part of the revenue, pro perly speaking. Without troubling you with too many figures, the above will suffice to show that the loans of £20,000,000 a year lately required to prolong the existence of that economic commonwealth, were very con siderably in excess of the amount of interest paid hitherto, and now refused."- Hence the present measure-would do away with the necessity of sending round the plate only if the current expenditure of the realm could be cnrtailed- There not being the . ghost of a I chance in this direction, redaction of interest will neither enable the Sultan to make up for interest withheld nor dispense with future loans. But will there be subscriptions worth naming, and what will the terms be even if a trifle can be got together? Add to this the extra bleeding occasioned by the present and prospective rebellions, and it must be con fessed that the look-ont is none of the brightest. At the pitch matters have arrived at, itwonld be wrong to conceal that the downfall of-Turkey must be acceleratWl by these proceedings. Were the Sultan to turn over a new leaf, and become a thrifty boose bolder instead of being a most frivolous spendthrif t, there might yet be hopes. As it 13, only the wildest imagination can see any. Were he in a position to keep out of the money market at least for a little while, he might hng himself in the sweet conscious Bess of having been too sharp for the enter prising individuals feeding upon his needs ; hut as the measure affords mere temporary relief, it will have to he followed up by fresh petitions for money long before the unfavour able impression created by the present stroke of business is obliterated, or confidence in the continued existence of Turkey can be renewed. Then, where will Turkey be? Meanwhile, the Herzegovina business ha3 settled down into the form it is likely to retain for a season. The very inclement winter peculiar to those latitudes having set in uncommonly early, a lull has necessarily supervened in the operations of rebel and Turk, livery now and then, however, the prevailing silence is interrupted by a raid or surprise, or a pitched encounter. A couple of thousands moved by the spirit compare notes, when fickle fortune sometimes favours one side, sometimes the other. As a rule, these collisions are very sanguinary, quarter being neither given nor asked after the battle, and by way of an appropriate wind up, the victorious party cut off the heads of all adversaries that have fallen into their hands, whether alive, wounded, or dead. Before despatching the prisoner the Turk fre quently chops off his hands,.or cuts out liis eyes, to prepare him gradually for the graver operation that is to follow; while the iierze govinese, who are Christians, and scorn such barbarous doings, modestly content them selves with depriving their captives' heads of nose, lip, and moustache prior to decapita tion. Atrocious as this may appear, it is by no means the most revolting part of the proceedings. The execution ceremony! having been gone through with marvellous despatch, the victors precipitate themselves upon the surrounding country in search of hostile villages. At the beginning of the war it was the enstom to kill only the men found in these devoted haunts, and if we are to believe the insurgents they still strictly confine themselves to this lenient and com paratively charitable work. That they burned the. villages and turned the- women adrift need hardly he observed in an account of Illyric war, but the Turks, for whose generalising barbarism nice distinctions are apt to he troublesome,. have lately intro-. duced" a remarkable simplicity into their maniere d'agir. A Christian village occupied after battle, and suspected of conniving with the insurgents, were it only for its geo-: graphical proximity to the scene, is forthwith cleared of its inhabitants,-and burned to the ground before their eyes. Then the inhabi tants are dealt -with methodically. The women having been dishonoured in presence of the men, the latter have certain members chopped off before the eyes of the women, after which merciful death is allowed to step in, groups of males and fe males having their heads severed from their bodies alternately. If this veracious picture of popular prosperity in Turkey is placed side by side with the statement of the financial operations by which means the existence of the monarchy is prolonged, the only two features of Turkish life worth re cording have been presented to the reader. The portraits of the two principal leaders of the Herzegovinese will be an interesting supplement to what has preceded. Lubo bratitch, a young man of 30, is a native of the neighbouring Austrian province of Dal matia, the greater part of whose inhabitants share religion, language, and descent with the Herzegovinese. Having acquired some culture in the more civilized laud in which he had the good luck to he born, he has been elevated to the rank of leading strate gist and diplomatist among the wild sons of the bills Tall; and handsome, as are all his countrymen, he wears the usual Montene grin dress—a fantastic compromise between the wide trousers of the Turk, the em broidered jacket of the Greek, and the high gaiters and. long-hanging sash of the Sclave. He speaks his own Servian and Italian—the latter the language of the educated classes— very well. He converses pretty freely in French, and has the smattering of German. Though a man who professes a taste for Ita lian poetry, and confronting the Turk with Dmitu in his pocket, he invariably shares all the fatigues and hardships of his men. He hangers by day, roves about at night, and in the early dawn or the approaching twilight of eve executes those murderous assaults unparalleled in the history of Europe. It is said of him that he has never killed a prisoner. Through adapting himself to the genius of the locality, and tolerating the inevitable, he never attempts to prevent their being knocked down by the less poetic among his men. - Indeed, if there were any excuse for the deeds of butchery done on either side, the insurgents might plead their inability to detain, or even maintain, those they have captured. Hiding in mountain villages, caverns, and ravines, shifting about constantly while on Turkish soil, and then again looking for shelter in Servia, Mon tenegro, and Dalmatia, they would find it exceedingly difficult to carry their prisoners with them, and absolutely impossible to feed them. With Lnbobratitch another individual called Elko Paolovitch, is associated in the supreme command. If Lubobratitch repre sents the few European men of the race,' Piko is a fair specimen of the_ average wolf of the hills. He is abont 45, with a mon strously big head, rigid features, and iiery eyes. He takes intense delight in the work allotted him by fate, and perhaps would re gard Hberiy and the cessation of retributive murder as rather tame fare. Ordinarily slow and sleepy, like a recumbent lion, his threatening aspect and elastic build betray that he is not deficient in the attributes of the roused animal either. He cannot read nor write, but to make up for this lamentable shortcoming he 'is said to have invented a new and expeditions mode of severing nose and lip with a single circular swoop of the hanjar. His men confide in his astute tactics no less than in his bravery, and as he is said to thirst for blood alone, to the exclusion even of plunder, the popularity he acquires by the sword is increased by his proud indifference to filthy lucre. To Lnbobratitch he is greatly attached, regarding him as hero and scholar alike. Were Lubobratich to find fault with the practice of piling Turks' heads into pyramids, having sentimental qualms upon the subject, he would probably be disgusted, but he has frankly expressed his admiration of the scribe who, a European in manners, is yet a regular Servian in spirit So the well matched pair go on working together,in perfect harmony, the one sabring off heads, the other looking the other way while the ceremony lasts. 