ffJSWS OF THE DAT. The businoss of the Assembly lost night was almost entirely devoted to the passage of a short Land Hill, and an aorimonious debate took place on the subjeot, owing to a disgraceful piece of trickery on the part of the Government. When the Assembly last adjourned it was on the distinct under- standing that Mr. Tucker s motion to make an addition to the Government proposals should be considered immediately the House re-assembled. The Government did not, and could not, formally deny that this was the understanding, but Mr. Lock, the M.P. in esse and the P.M. in posse, interjected a denial. Some doubts exist as to whether he was in the House at the time the argument was arrived at. Notwithstanding the compact, however, the Government introduced the Amending Land Bill for its second reading, jumping over the two preceding orders of the day. The object in this maiupuvro was clearly seen through by tbo Ojinositiou. The Government desired to place the mem bers opposed to them in a false position by compelling them either to pass » the- second rending of the bill, or oppose. Jthp ..increased assessment of runs, a measure they were nearly all known to bo pledged to. Nothing daunted by the coup the Oppo sition, after making tho tergiversation of the Government undeniably palpable, com pelled them to promise that they would abandon every cVui.se — and made them re iterate the pledge over and over agnin that they would do so — except that relating to the increased assessment of runs. The va cillation and weakness of the Govern ment provoked a ' taunt from Mr. Bent, who said they had abandoned im portant clauses in the bill on a mere threat, and had yielded, not to a stone wall, hnt to a wooden structure. The debate on the .second reading went on, actually supported mainly by the Opposition, some of the stanchest supporters of the Government op posing the measure. - The House ultimately went into committee, aud the proposals of the Government ended in the passage of a bill containing only the one provision above alluded to, viz., that for increasing the as sessment of the runs. TJpon the House assembling yesterday afternoon Mr. Barker, the cleric of the House, read a letter from the Speaker, stating that ho was under orders to stay away trom the House for that day, and en closing a medical certificate from Mr. F. T. W. Ford, surgeon, which declared that Sir Charles MacMahon was unfit to attend duty owing to his recent accident. Mr. B. G. Uavies was accordingly appointed to act as Deputy-Speaker. After tho refreshment hour Sir Charles MacMahon wn3 able to at tend, and occupied the Speaker's chair for several hours during tho debate upon the second reading of the Land Bill, In a perfect frenzy Mr. Langton fairly howled last night at Mr. Higinbotham, and with well affected, almost theatrical, indig nation, upbraided the hon. member for pro mulgating a dishonest doctrine. The hon. member for West Melbourne could not find breath or words to profess his profound astonishment at the bare idea suggested by Mr. Higinbotham that it would be by 110 means unrighteous next year to make the squatters pay an extra assessment on their runs for the last six months of the present year. That, according to Mr. Langton, would involve retrospective legislation and repudiation, and in entering his protest Mr. Langton laid down the law in his most emphatic manner to Mr. Higinbotham, and chid him roundly for his display of lax morality. It turned out that Mr. Langton did not know that tiie squatters were forewarned by the Land Act of 1SG9 that the assessment on their runs would he liable to revision at any time at the end of ' five years. But having taken up a position, it was not to be ex pected that Mr. Langton would givo up a single point. In spite of the act of ISOf), and of Mr. Casey's bill, containing tho same provision, which was read a second time during Mr. Kerferd's Administration, Mr. Langton maintained that the squatters would be subjects' of retrospective legisla tion, though it must have been wounding to his feelings to hear a member of the Govern ment that he expects will make him Agent- General say there was nothing to sustain his argument. The Attorney-General gave a very strong expression of opinion in the Assembly last evening, relative to tho conduot of Mr. Webster, I'.M., through whose decision upon a case heard before him a constable named Loughlin was committed to prison for non payment of costs of a motion heard in the Supreme Court. The question was raised by Mr. Patterson as to whether the Govern ment intended to take steps to release the constable. Mr. Kerferd, in reply, stated that he did not know why Loughlin had been selected to pay the costs, us tho fault lay to a great extent at tho door of the police magistrate, who, in his opinion, should have paid the money, because it was his own blunder. Mr. Webster bail acted .contrary to the provisions of the act, and ho should not lmve allowed a subordinate to suffer for his error. He promised to ascer tain if there were nny means by which the constable could be placed at liberty. A meeting of the Opposition members was held in the Parliament House yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of considering what steps should be taken if the Govern ment insisted upon pressing their Amend ing Land Bill. There waa a largo attend ance, and after some discussion it was de cided that should the Government be re solved to push the bill, no opposition would he given to that section which provided for the increased assessment of squatters' stoelc. As to the other clauses it was determined to throw every obstacle in the way of passing them, it being felt that at this the present period of the session, and in view of the vote of want of confidence motion pending, the only object of the Ministry could he to place the Opposition in a false position. The attention of the Assembly was last evening directed to a statement whioh ap peared in last week's J.etultr, to the effect that the curator of the Botanic Gardens, Melbourne, hud caused his annual report to be printed at the Government Printing Office, and published and circulated in a neighboring colony, where it had been re viewed by the press before it had been pre- sented to the head of the department here aud to the Victorian Parliament. It was .stated by Mr. Gillies that the matter had not previously been brought under his notice, but he promised to make inquiries, and ascertain if the official in question bad acted as asserted. Frequent questions have been a3ked in the House as to tho circumstances aud terms upon which tho bookstall at the Spencer- street railway station has been let to Mr. Woinarski. Last evening a memo, was read from the department, which was as fol lows : — " This matter was dealt with by the late Commissioner after the whole facts of the ease had been submitted to him. Mr. Baird, as had been- asserted, did not tender for any of the country stations, aud as Mr. Woinarski was the highest of those who did tender, the Minister decided to accept his' offer of £120 per annum for the Melbourne bookstall. The total sum now paiil by Mr. Woinarski (including his pass) is £3S0 per an num for all stations. There are 110 grounds upon which this question should be re-opened." Mr. Woods, last evening, gave notice of his intention to ask the Minister of Kail- ways, this afternoon, if the plant for the rolling stock for the Moama and Heniliquin railway is being charged Customs dues similar to those charged on importations of the same class for the Victorian railways ; at what rate per ton per mile the plant of i the contractors for the above line is being I carried over the Victorian railways ; and ! the names of the contractors for the above ; railway. I Parliament is to adjourn for the Christmas holidays on Thursday next The question was asked the Government last evening in 1 the Assembly as to the date and term of the : adjournment, and the Premier briefly in dicated that he proposed to move, on Thurs day next, that .the House at its rising adjourn 1 until the 11th Of January next. Our overland telegram of Wednesday last briefly announced the fact that Sir Alfred Stephen had been gazetted Lieutenant-Go vernor of New Sooth Wales, and now wo have tho key to that announce ment in our Sydney telegram. It ap pears that the Partes Government had forwarded a minute to Lord Carnar- vou, _ poiuting ont tho inconvenienco likely to ariso to the administration of justice |if the Chief Justice were appointed Acting- Governor, and tho unfitness of such officer for tho position of administrator. In reply, Lord Carnarvon admittod the forco of thelob- jeetion, aud intimated that ho had recom mended tho Queen to appoint Sir Alfred Stephen to the position. It appears also that in the absence of both tho Governor and tho Acting-Governor, tho President of tha Council will perform tho duties of adminis trator of tho Government. A petition was last evening presented to the Houso by Mr, Hanna from the inhabitants of Beonlla and the surrounding neighborhood, in pnhlic meeting assembled, praying for a dissolution of Parliament, The memorial was as follows : — " That your petitioners strongly object to tho present financial scheme ns proposed by tho Treasurer, be lieving that if suoh scheme is carried out it will prove most prejudicial to the best interests of tho colony. That as the question of the incidence of taxation was not bronght prominently Wore the several constituencies at the last general elec tion, your memorialists would strongly urge on your honorable House the desirability of at once dissolving the present Assembly, and appealing to the country ae the surest and most satisfactory way of settling tho present finanoial difficulty. There fore, in furtherance of our views, we have the honor to forward the following resolutions, unanimously adopted at a public meeting held at the Mechanics' Institute, Beualla, on Tuesday, the 14th December," Tho resolutions ap pended embraced substantially the views above expressed,' laying particular emphasis upon the necessity for an immediate dissolu tion of the Assembly. The following petition was last evening presented to the Assombly by Mr. R. M. Smith from a number of pastoral tenantB of the. Crown : — "Your petitioners notice that in the Amending Land Bill now under consi deration it is proposed to alter and increase the rate of assessment to Is. per sheep and 5s. for each head of cattle. This, your peti tioners submit, is most unfair to them, as nearly all tho best lands have been taken from their stations, and the re maining portions have thus been ren dered much more expensive to manage in consequence of the constant mixing of their sheep and cattle with those of the selectors, the continual necessity for new fences, owing to the diminution of their Eaddocks and many other causes induced y the rapid increase of selection. Their returns are diminished in a corresponding degree owing to the inferior condition of thoir sheep and cattle, and the impossibility of fattening them now that the best lands have been taken from their stations. The absence of the good fecdiug ground thus alienated ren ders their stock more liable to disease. That at the commencement, of the year 1S75, notwithstanding the fact the 5,(5!)4,2GD acres had been alienated since the Land Act of 1SG0 came into operation, the pastoral tonants contributed £127,114 annually towards the revenue for the occupation of their stations. That, although the area had been reduced, the reduction in tho assess ment bad been less than one-fourth, not withstanding the fact that the lauds remainiug in the occupation of the pastoral tennuts were detached, and naturally inferior to those alienated. That several millions sterling are invested in pastoral pursuits, and largo sums of money liavo been expended in fences, buildings, dams and other improvements on tho pro perty of the Crown. On these grounds your petitioners submit that to increase the as sessment would he to inflict a grievous and overwhelming burden on them. The peti tion was ordered to lie on tho table. On tho assembling of the Legislative Coun cil last evening, Mr. Anderson, in reply to Mr. Balfour, said he hod communicated with the Attorney-General with reference to the legality of the Ballarat art union, and had elicited au answer to the effect that the pro moters- of such schemes as the Ballarat art union should be warned that tho police would not hesitate to take proceedings in the eveut of any infringement of the law. The Coun cil was occupied during the remainder of the sitting in passing the Fublic Health Act Amendment Bill through committee. No amendments of any importance were made, and on progress being reported, shortly after six o'clock, the House adjourned till to day. If anything should have stayed the hands of the (lovornment in proceeding with the construction of the Ararat and Hamilton lino, it is tho report on railways for 1875, laid before the Parliament last evening. It appears from that document, an abstract of which appears elsewhere, that the loss 011 our State railways last year was £90,037 more than the previous year ; that, with the ex. ception of the North- Eastern line, a decrease in tho receipts from all the older lines has taken place ; and, to crown all, tho receipts from the Castleuiaine and Dunolly lime do not cover working expenses, let aloue any thing for interest, the expenditure for the year being £21,457, tho receipts only amonnting to £20,045. A reference to the report shows that the falling off is chiefly in the goods traffic, upon which there had been no reduction in tho rates. A public meeting in favor of a dissolution of the I .ugislative Assembly was held in the Borough Chambers, Fqotscray, laBt night. It was attended by about 300 persons, and a resolution— that ; owing to the disorganised state of tho Assembly it was absolutely necessary in the interests of the colony that a dissolution should immediately take phe,t aud that the Opposition were justified iu using all legitimate means in forc ing an appeal to the country — was carried. Mr. Graham Berry addressed tho meeting in a lengthy speech, in which he contended that the will of the people of the colony ought to become the law, otherwise they had no self-government. A report of the meet ing will be found iu another column. The liullarat Courier reports that an ad- jonrued muetiug was held in the Town Hall, Scarsdnle, on Saturday evening, 18 th instant, for the purpose of considering the present political situation. The chairman, Mr. J. Bird, rend the resolution whicli was carried at tho previous meeting, authorising him to invite Messrs. Clarke and Lock to attend and give an account of their stewardship ; also a copy of his letter to those gentleman. He then read Mr. Lack's reply, iu which that gentleman declined to attend the meeting, and attempted to justify his conduct in supporting Sir James M'Culioch. Afterwards Mr. Robert Bell, M.B.C., moved — '"That this meeting disapproves of the action of our members in not attending as requested, and that a committee, consistiug of Messrs. "Win. Tempest, G. Kidd, Joseph Dixon, R. Bell and the chairman (with power to add to their number), be requested to get requisitions signed, calliug upon our members to resign their seats n the Legis lative Assembly, He (Mr. Bell) believed that seven-tenths of the electors of Gren- villo were in favor of the resolution. Mr. Clarke had treated the chairman of the meeting with marked discourtesy iu not not answering his lettor. Mr. G. Kidd seconded the motion, stating that they had respectfully asked their members to attend the meeting, and give an account of their political stewardship. They had not done so, and therefore they should be called npon to resign. Mr. Dixon supported the resolu tion. The resolution was carried almost unanimously, only one hand being held up against it. The weather lias been very hot during the last three days, and the contrast has made it appear to be even more so. The highest readings of the thermometer at the Observatory have been as follow : — In tho shade: Sunday, 89.2 ; -Monday, 93.2; Tues day, 91.3. Tlio Sydney Echo of Saturday reports that the Government had chartered the City of Melbourne to leave Sydney with the mails on Monday evening for San Francisco, via Auckland. The Auckland route has been selected by the Government in consequence of tiiere being some uncertainty as to whether the New Zealand mails have been scut by the Cyphrenes to Kandavu, and also as to whether that vessel will proceed to San Francisco in tho absence of the Colima. The City of Melbourne iB likewise to call at Kandavu if she should be so directed by the New Zealand Government. Some time ago the Indies' committee of the Hornbrook Ragged Schools, having a fund of £G00 at their disposal, and the need for their school having been removed by the passing of the new .Education Act, liberally offered to place the sum at the disposal of the Vic torian Auxiliary School Union, provided a mission sohool or children's church were erected and carried on in some neglected part of Collingwood. The Union decided to ac- ept the offer, and tenders have been called ' for the building from designs by Mr. Francis J. Smart, architect. It is situated in Haims- worth-street, Collingwood, and will contain seats for over 350 children and two class- rooms. Tho total length of tho church will bo C5 feet and the width, without transept. -7 f«ot- Special means for ventilation will bo provided in addition to that ordinarily given. The turrets, being connected by ues with the ceiling, are so arranged as to draw off the vitiated air, the fresh air being admitted by shafts placed in convenient positions in the buildiug. Tho style of the external elevation is early English. It is intended, if possible, that this church shall only be the first of many that before loug will be erected in all the poorer |arts of the city and suburbs. ' By the courtesy of the representative of Mr; W. J. Clarke, the trustees of the Na- tional Gallery have reocived for exhibition a painting by R. Ansdell, R.A., entitled The Intruders. The painting was exhibited at the . Royal Academy Exhibition of the present year, and purchased by Mr. W. J. Clarke. It is now hung in the gallery. Steam ploughing is again to have a trial in this country. _ Tho effects produced by steam culture in England and Scotland, rendering fertile barren wastes, and renew, ing worn ont ground, has induced Mr. t\ . J. Clarke to order a complete set of steam tackle, including two powerful lG-horse. power traction engines. We learn from the agents of the makers here that the plant will be shipped iu March next. The effect of steam ploughing, in the hands of one who will spare neither labor nor expense to make it a success, is eagerly looked forward to by a large fanning community. A case of wauton mischief, on the part of a boy named Henry Moggs, was brought be. fore the City Bench yesterday. The young culprit was caught setting fire to the grass in the Yarra 'Park on Monday, and when arrested he admitted having ignited tho grass in several places. The bench se verely cautioned him, and ordered his dis charge. At the City Police Court yesterday seven girls were brought up by Sergeant Dalton on a charge of being disorderly characters. The case revealed a want of discrimination upon the part of tho police, who had evidently neglected to mnke full inquiries with regard to one of tho prisoners at least. The bench sentenced them all, with tho exception of one who was discharged, to one mouth's imprisonment. The sale of Crown lands was resumed yes terday at the rooms of Mr. G. Walstab, Queen-street. There was a good attendance of purchasers, and every lot catalogued met with ready buyers at prices showing an ad vance of fully 70 per cent, on the upset. The land offered consisted of 28 village lots at Yarraville, the upset being £50 per acre. Tho total amount of the sale was £70G. The Postmaster-Oeiieral yesterday re. ceived a deputation from Lanoefield, re questing such alterations in the mnil service as would permit of the early morning mail, which at present stops at Romsey, beiug continued to Lanccfield. Air. Ramsay pro- mised to mnke inquiries as to whether the postal business of the district would justify the increased outlay. The long list of passengers that arrived from Sydney yesterday by the City of Bris- bane includes the name of the Rev. Charles Clark, who, in the Town Hall oa Christmas Eve, will deliver his poDular lee- tuie on Christmas in Old England, its Cus. torns and its Carols. The musical illustra tions to the lecture will this year he specially effective, the following vocalist having been engaged : — Mrs. Smytho, Mrs. ilowitz, Miss Christian, Miss St. Clair, anil Messrs. Lamble, Ford, Kayo and Daniel. The plan of seats for the Christmas enter tainment will be opened this morning at Messrs. V.'ilkie, Webster and Allan's. The Jiireriue Herald reports that 011 Mon day morning, at lialf-past three o'clock, a fire broke out on the premises occupied by Mr. Walker, watchmaker, near Messrs. M'Culioch and Co.'s offices. High-street. A crackling noise was heard by Constable Glondenniug, and he found smoke and flames issuing from the shop of Mr. Walker. He immediately burst the front door open, but found the flames so strong that he had to beat a retreat. Hurrying round to the back premises he awoke the occupants, and got the children, who were in lied, out safely. Nothing excepting a few very trifling articles, which were in one of the back rooms, could be saved. Everything within the walls the building was consumed. Tl» ha>.'hop occupied by Mr. Walker was 1" burnt quite to the ground, excepting the outside walls, and all his stock of jewellery, &.C., consumed. The premises were insured ou Friday Inst (only three days previous to the fire), in the National Insurance Company, for £150. Mr. Walker's stock was insured in the Victoria Insurance Company for £400, but he estimates his loss at over £G0U. It is not known how the fire originated, except that it was seen by the constable to hare began under the conuter in the shop. The trial of John Colman, lately in the employ of Mr. David Henry, Bourke-atreet, was continued in the Central Criminal Court yesterday, having occupied three days' hear, iug. Colman, during the civil trial of Col man v. Godfrey, stated that a certificate of title belonging to a plasterer named William Itines, resident at North Carlton, had been in his (Column's) possession from June, 1874, till April, 1875. He was contradicted by many witnesses as to this statement ; and Mr. Justice Fellows, before whom the civil notion was tried, committed C'olman for perjury. The issue was involved to a most perplexing extent by the introduction of the cireumst mces arising out of the recent prosecutions of Mendelssohn and H. Colman, and this irrelevant matter was strongly condemned by Mr. J ustice Moles worth during the trial. The jury retired at five minutes to six, aud returned into court half an hour afterwards with a verdict of not guilty, and the prisoner was discharged from custody. On Monday, as the large ghost glass for the Fakir of Oolu's new entertainment was being carried into St. George's Hall, it broke by its own weight, in consequence of having boon canted ou oue side to avoid the arch way on the stairs. Vcstordny a flesh sheet from Messrs. Brooks, Rohinsou and Co. was successfully got in under Dr. .Silvester's own superintendence. The broken glass was the largest sheet iu tbo colony. Arguments were concluded yesterday be fore the Full Court iu Bishop v. Smith, the plaintiff seeking to set aside a marriage set tlement made in contemplation of his union with Miss Smith. They were married, and last, year Miss Smith obtained a decree of nullity of marriage. It was contended that such a decree placed the parties in the same position as they were before the marriage. Oil the other hand it was argued that the marriage was only voidable, not void. Their Houors intimated that they would give their decision at the earliest possible date. The court will sit again on Friday to hear matters iu connection with the case of Learinontli v. Bailey. Mr. Justice Molesworth will sit in the Equity Court this morning to bear unop posed probate motioiiB, and to deliver judg ment in re Penuingtou, aud iu Board of Land and Works v. Ecroyd. Christ Church, South Yarra, wns conse crated by the Bishop of Ballarat yesterday ovening. Dr. Tnornton was received at the door of the church by the clergy and officials in atteudanco, and conducted to the altar rails, after which the usual service for tho cousecration of a church was conducted, and the church declared duly consecrated. The anthem was taken from the S4th Psalm— Oh how amiable are thy dwellings, oh Lord of Hosts — and was effectively rendered by the combined choirs. At the termination of th order of evening prayer, Dr. Thoruto prcnclied an eloquont sermon from the GotL Psalm, verses 1 to 4, dwelling at some length upon the various purposes of prayer and praise for which the sacred edifice was designed. Messrs. Wade and Freeman offered a valuable city property for sale yesterday at their rooms, Collins-street west. The lot consisted of a three-storied brick buildi" 'at the corner of Collins and Elizabeth streets, having a frontage of 23 feet 10 iuches. After a brisk competitiqn the lot was knocked down to Mr. Neave at £6100, or £265 5s. per foot, which, considering the price realised for the premises occupied by Messrs. Nichol son and Ascherberg aud Mr. Fountain Barber, is not very high. M'r. Hughes, a member of the firm of Messrs. Hughes snd Harvey, tinsmiths, of Lonsdale-Btreet, Hied suddenly at the Sand- ridge Railway Station, on Monday afternoon. A coroner's inquest, was held yesterday, when a verdict of death from sanguineous apoplexy was returned. The examinations of the pupils of the sohools of design were brought to a success ful close lost evening by two examinations in freehand drawing, one of which was held in the annexe and the other in the rotunda. In the annexe 85 - pupils sat down to copy an ornamental fonn drawn by the secretary, Mr. S. H, Roberts, and in the ' " " I rotunda the competitors, 1G in number, had a bust of Michael Angelo set before them to copy ; one hour and a half was allowed for each paper. The examiners in this division wero Air. Cyrus Mason and Mr. Ncwbery. Other examinations havo - been hold, on tho subjects of the laws of color, geometry, mechanical, perspective and architectural drawing. Tho examiners in tho four latter sub- jects were Alcssrs. YV. C. Kernot, AI.A., G.E., and T. C. Pirani, AI.A., C. II. Tho work in some of the divisions was very good. There was a large attendance of tho publio in the evening. The exhibition will bo brought to a close on Thursday afternoon, at thrffi o'clock, when the prizes will be dis tributed to the successful pupils. From the Comtcall Chronicle we leara that the court of inquiry into the loss of the barque Tien Tain delivered its finding in this case on Thursday morning last. (The court found that the vessel was perfectly sound ; they considered her overloaded on the assumption that she had not the extent of freeboard mentioned by the witnesses. They presume that the sails could not havo been in good order, notwithstanding the evidence to the oontrary. They agree that the vessel, did not sustain any damage by striking on a rock, and they give every credit to the cap tain and crew for their behavior, and Cap tain Stanley, of H.M.C.S. Victoria, for the prompt asssistance rendered. On this they order the costs of the inquiry to be paid by the owner. During the midday adjournment in tbo Central Criminal Court yesterday, two of the witnesses called in the trial of John Coleman for perjury came to blows. On one of the bystanders remonstrating with the assailant, he also was given a back handed blow on the face. This last-named gentleman called the attention of Air. Justice Molesworth to the circumstance, but 'his Honor declined to interfere, stating-that tho proper remedy was open to those who had been assanlted. Air. Ferraton's sixth annual concert was given last evening, in the Alelbourno Town Hall. Several of the members of his juvenile choir came to the front as soloists, and gained the hearty approval of tho audience ; Seeking Host, All's Well (duet), Hearts and Homes, the Bonny Hills of Scotland, and Just before tho Battle being among tho numbers. Tho ladies and gentlemen com prising the Atlienieum singing class very creditably rendered several part songs. The prayer from Dor Freischutz, Sweet is the Hour of Best, and tho Alarch of the Men of Harlech, were each successful numbers. The amateur Boloists were Miss Pow, who sang The Lover and the Bird, and was encored ; Airs. Tip- pett, whose rendering of Yesterday was very pleasing ; Air. Hart sang Thou art so Far ; and Mr.Tippett sang Good-bye, Sweet heart, Good-bye. These gentlemen each possess promising tenor voices. Mr. H. Rintel, also a promising baritone, sang Will-o'-the- Wisp, and also pleased. Master Goldstein took the audience by surprise by his ren dering of Let the Hills Resound, and was encored. Airs. Perraton was, as usual, highly successful in her selections, which included The Queen's Letter and Scenes that nre Brightest, which was deservedly encored. Air. C. B. Foster, who acted as accompanist, also played a solo, nil arrange ment of his own, to tho great delight of tho audience, who re-demanded tho same. The concert in all was a musical success, and highly creditable to Air. Perraton, the conductor. The second soiree musicalc el dansanle, under the auspices of the Melbourne Tem perance Alusical Union, took place in the Temperance Hall last evening. The attend ance wns fairly numerous. The principal vocalists were Airs. Slack, Alias Forbes, Air. A. Ford, and Mr. T. J. Trowell. The pro gramme, was well chosen, and its various items were agreeably rendered by tho vocalists. The dances that followed were participated in by a large number of couples. Notwithstanding the excessive beat' the Opera House was well attended last night, when Maritana was performed. ALiss Mel ville and Mr. Armes Beaumont divided the honors, and were well received by those pre. tent. To-night Giroflo-Girotla will bo given for the last time. Wo have received the Australian Medical Journal for October, The contents aro of the usual order, and will hare great interest for t lie members of the profession. St. Alark's Church, George-street, Fitzray, which lias lately acquired a new and well-pro portioned spire, will receivo to-morrow (T'hura- i it/), a visit from the Bishop of Ballarat, who is to deliver there the fourth of a coarse of advent lectures, in aid of the building fund of tho per manent church for the adjoining parish of. St. Luke's, Fitzroy. The church in question has been long at a stand-still, and it is therefore hoped that those who attend to hear the bishop's discourse will contribute liberally to tho fuud. The break-up of the Trades' School, Carlton- street, Carlton, presided over by Airs. White, and the annual gathering of friends connected there with, took place on tbo evening of Tuesday last. Tho prizes were distributed to the young ladies who had been successful in gaining thorn by the Rev. James Ballantyne, who in addressing a few words to those who were present, complimented Airs. White and her assistants on the fidelity and care which they exhibited in conducting the edu cation of tbo pupils. 