\- JonN's" Dislike to Grave-digging. — Mr. James M'Hcnley, Anglo. Chinoso linguist, writing to the Cooktown Courier, gives, the following reasons for tlie reluotonco of the .. . Cliiucso to biuy (ho dond boclios of their countrymen : — According to tho laws of China, \- when a mans dies in tho houso of a stranger, thn oroprietor is held responsible for his death \- - nnd-if he has wealth in his possession, finds mmsolf mulcted in a considerable sum of : money, to be paid over to the relatives of tho deceased, for the loss thoy arc supposed to have sustained through the denth of their ro lattive. No doubt tho legislator who framed this law. thought that ho was creating n safe guard for tho fifes of mou. But it has had an opposite effeot. When a man dies under the oaro of his relatives there is no notice taken thereof — hut maik the opposite effects. When ' a man becomes siok among strangers ho is taken oat nnd left to dye on tho highway, which, being the property of tho Government, :;:' :cotnpris08 nobody. Tlio law, as it stands, and . js aelcd on, has stified every fooling or liu- -mnnitv, incredible to tlioso unncqunintcd with tbo lnws of China. But the evils not stop here .When a man dies, the houso bv suoh becomes ' polluted, nnd to olense it from such is a pieco of cosily work. Tbo ghost and devils nro ex- \- ' polled by a priest, who docs tlio work by. -sprinkling tho houso with holy water, nnd burning i.ieonse, at tho enmc time ruuning . r through tho house voci'erating, .rilh a naked sword in one hand, which ho utrikes tho in- ..'viriiblo dovils with, nnd a ropo In tho other ' . hand, to bind them, and finally winds up tho ' performance by plastering pu the walls sonic charms written in enigmatical characters, to '. keop tlio devils from entering the house and ' " doing tho inmates harm, who ootild -not other wise lmvo rested contented therein, until ns- ' V.urcd that tho devils were kept ont by these mfntliblo preventives. For want of time I mnst couoludc this fnhject nt present. I think, however, Hint enough lins boon said to set tlio publia mind aright on this mailer- Tho in- immunity so often witnessed is the result oi \- institutions, mid should not bo attributed to | il)ii wgnt of /eelipg on the part of the Chineso. j 