LSOLINE; OB, THS MASK, THE CAVALIER, AND THE KINO. CHAPTER II. THE DEAD BEIDE. 'Well,' said Ormiston, drawing a long breath, ' what do you think of that ? ' Think ! Don't ask me -yet,' said Sir Nor man, looking rather bewildered. « I'm in such a state of notification that I don't rightly know whether I'm standing on my i,iLj or feet. For one thing, 1 have come to the conclusion that your masked lady-love must be enchantingly beautiful.' 'Have I not told you that a thousand times ? But why have you come to such a conclusion V # ? 'Because no woman with such a figure, finch a voice, and such hands could be other ^'?1 knew you would own it some day. Do you wonder now that I love her V \- 0 ! as to loving her,' said Sir Norman, coolly, 'That's quite another thing. I could no more love her for her bands, voice, and Bhape, than I could it figure in wood or wax ; but I admire her vastly, and think her ex tremely clever. I shall never forget that face in the caldron. It was the moat exquisitely beautiful I ever saw.' ' 1 [i love with the shadow of a face ! Why, you are a thousandfold more absurd than I.' 'No,' said Sir Norman, thoughtfully, 'I don't know as I'm in love with it ; but it ever I see a living face like it, I certainly shall be. How did La Masque do it, I wonder? ' You had better ask her,' said Ormiston, bitterly. 'She seems to have taken an un usual interest in you at first sight. She would strew yout path with roses, forsooth ! Nothing earthly, I beliere, would make her say any thing half so tender to me.' Sir Norman laughed, and stroked hid mous tache complacently. 'AH a matter of taste, my dear fellow; and these women are noted for their perfection in that line. I begin lo admire La Masque more aud more, and I think you had better give up the cliu.se, 'and let me take your place. I don't helieve you have the ghost of a chance, Onuiston.' ' I don't believe it myself,' said Ormiston, with a desperate face ; but until the plague caiiies me off I cannot give her up ; and the sooner that happens, the better. Ha! What is this ?' It wa9 a piu icing shriek— no unusual sound ; and as he spoke, the door of an adjoining house was (luug open, a woman rushed out, tied down an adjoining street, and disap peared. Sir Norman and his companion look at each other, and theu at the house. ' What's all this about V demanded Ormis ton. 'That's a question I can't take uuon myself to answer,' said Sir Norman ; 'aud thu only wtiy to nolve the mystery is, to go in and see.' 'It may be the plague,' Maid Ormiston, lies itatingly. 'Yet the house is not marked. There is a watchman. I will ask him.' The man with the hulberd in his hand wan walking up and down before an adjoining house, bearing the ominous red cross and piteous inscription : ' Lord have mercy on us !' ' I don't know, Sir,' whs his answer to Or niiston. ' If uuy one there ban the plague, they must have taken it lately ; for I heard this morning there was to be a wedding there to-night.' '1 never heard of any one screaming in that fashion about a wedding,' said Ormiston, doubtfully. ' Do you know who lives there V 'No, Sir. I only came here, myself, yes terday'; but two or three times to-day i hava seen a very beautiful youug lady looking out of the window.' Oi-ruiston thanked the man, and went back to report to his friend. 1 A beautiful young lady !' said Sir Nor man, with energy. ' Then I mean to go directly up and nee about it, and you can fol low or not, just as you please.' So saying, Sir Norman entered the open doorway, and tuund hiuisalt in a long hall, Hanked by a couple of doors on each aide. These he opened iu rapid suoceraion, finding nothing but silence and solitude ; and Ormis ton — who, upon reileotion, chose to follow — ' ran up a wide and sweeping staircase at the end of the hall. Sir Norman followed him, and they came to a hall similar to the oue below. A door to the right lay op«n ; and both entered without ceremony, and looked around. The room was spacious and richly furnished. Just enough light stole through the oriel win dow at the further end, draped' with crimson satin embroidered with gold, to show it. The floor was of veined wood of many colours, ar ranged in fanciful mosaics, and atrewn with Turkish rugs and Persian mats 'of gorgeous colours. The walls were carved, the ceiling corniced, and all fretted with gold network and gilded mouldings. On a couch covered with crimson satin, like the window drapery, lay a cithern, and some loose sheets of music. Near it was a small marble table, covered with books and drawings, with a decanter of wine and an exquisite little goblet of Bohem ian glass, The marble mantel was strewn with ornaments of porclain and alabaster, and a beautifully carved vase of Parian marble stood iu the centre, filled with brilliant flowers. A great mirror reflected back the room, and beneath it stood a toilet-table, strewn with jewels, laces, perfume bottles, and an array of costly little feminine trifles, such as ladies were as fond of two oenturies tgo as they are today. Evidently it was a lady's chamber j; for in a receis near the win dow atood a creat duaint carved bedstead. with curtains and snowy lace, looped back with golden arrows and.scarlet ribbons. Some one lay on it, too — at least, Ormiston thought bo ; and he went cautiously forward, drew the curtain, and looked down. ' Great Heaven ! what a beautiful face !' waa his cry, as he bent still further down. 'What the plague ia the matter?' asked Sir Norman, coming forward. 'Yon have said it,' said Ormiston, recoil log. ' The plague ia the matter. There lies one dead of it !'. ? Curiosity^ .proving stronger than fear. Sir ,Nqrn*an stepped, forward to look at the corpse. It was a young girl with a face as lovely as a poet's vision. That face was like snow now ; aud in its calm, cold majesty, looked as ?squiaitely perfeet at) some ancient Grecian statue. The low, pearly brow-* . v* beautiful lips, the delicate) --?' countenance, were perfect. 7' that she wouli closed, and the long, dark lashes rented on the ivory cheeks. A profusion of shining dark hark hair fell in elaborate curls over her neck and shoulders. Her dress wan that of a bride — a robe of white satin, brocaded with silver, fairly dazzling in its shining radiance, and a3 brief in the article of sleeves and neck as that of any modern belle. A circlet of pearls was clasped round ? the snow-white throat, jind bracelets of the same jewels encircled the' snowy taper arms'. On her head she wore a bridal wreath and veil — the former of jewels, the latter falling round her like a cloud of mist. Everything was perfect, from the wreath and veil to the tiny sandalled feet ; and lying there in her mute repose, she looked more like some exquisite piece of sculpture than any thing thac had ever lived and moved in this grovelling world of ours. But from one shoul der the dress had been pulled down, and there lay a great, livid, purple plague-spot ! ' Come away,' said Ormiston, catching his companion by the arm. ' It is death to re main here !' Sir Norman had been standing like one in a trance, from which this addreas roused him, and he grasped Ormiston's sLoulder almost frantically. 'Look there, Ormiston ! There lies the very face that sorceress showed me fifteen minutes ago in her infernal caldron ! I should know it at the other end of the world !' ' Are you sure V said Ormiston, glancing again with new cuiiosity at the marble face. 'I never .saw anything half so beautiful in all my life ; but you see she is dead of the plague !' ' Dead 1 O, she cannot be ! Nothing so perfect could die!' 'Look there,' said Oimiston, pointing to the plague-spot. ' There is the fatal token ! For Heaven's saks let us get out of thin, or we shall share the same fate before morning !' But Sir Norman did not move — could not move ; he stood there rooted to the spot by the spell of that lovely, lifeless face. ! Usually the plague left its victims hideous, ghastly, discoloured, and covered with blot ches ; but in this ca.se there was nothing to jmsir the perfect beauty of the sutin-suiootb -kin but that one dreadful mark. There Sir Norman stood in his trance, as motionless as if some genie out of the ' Ara bian Nights' had suddenly turned him into stone (a trick they weie too mush addicted to), and destined him to remain there an ornamental fixture for ever. Ormiston looked at him distractedly, uncertain whether to try moral suasion or to take him oy the collar and drag him headlong down the stairs, when a provideutial but rather dismal circumstance came' to his relief. A cart cauie rattling along the street, a bell was loudly uirig, aud it hoarse voice arose with it, ' Bring out your dead ! Bring out your dead !' Ormiston rushed down stairs to intercept the dead-cart, already almost full ou its way call, and instantly followed him upstairs, and . into the room. Glancing at the body wit.h , the utmost sany froi/l, he touched the dress, and indifferently remarked — ' A bride, I should say, aud an uncommonly . handsome one too. We'll just take her along ' as she is, and strip these nice things off. the body when we get it to the plague-pit.' ' So saying, he wrapped her iu the sheet, am' directing Ormiston to take hold of the twas lower ends, he took the upper corners himsel with the uir of a man quite used to that sooco of thing. Oimiston recoiled from touching iias, and Sir Normau, seeiug what they were aboiith to do, and knowing theie was no help for ies' made up his mind, like a sensible young roaii as he was, to conceal his feelings, and caught hold of the sheet himself. In thin fashion the dead bride was carried downstairs and laid upon a shutter on the top of a pile of bodies in the dead- cart. It was now almost dark, and as the cart started, the great clock of St. Paul's struck eight. St. Michael's, St. Allians's, and the others took up the sound ; aud the two young men paused to listen. For many weeks the sky had been clear, brilliant, and blue; but on this night dark clouds were scudding in wild unrest acrosk it, and the air was oppress ingly close and sultry. ' Where are you going now ?' jmid Ormiston. 'Are you for Whitehall to-night?' ? No !' said Sir Norman, rather dejectedly, tu ruing to follow the pest-cart. ' 1 am for the plague-pit in Finsbury Fields !' ' Nonsense man !' exclaimed Ormiston, en ergetically, ' what will take you there 1 You surely are not mad enough to follow the body of that dead girl V 1 1 shall follow it ! You can come or not, just as you please. ' O ! if you are determined, I will go with you, of course ; but it is the craziest freak I ever heard of. After this, you ueed never laugh at me.' ' I never will,' said Sir Norman, moodily ; ' for if you love a face you have never seen, I love one I have only looked on when dead. Does it not seem sacrilege to throw anyone so like an angel into that horrible plague-pit ?' 1 I never saw an angel,' said Ormiston, as he and his friend started to go after the dead cart. ' And I daresay there have been scores as beautiful as that poor girl thrown into the plague-pit before now. I wonder why the house haa been desei ted ; and if she was really a bride, the bridegroom could not have lovdd her much, I fancy, or not even the pestilence could have scared him away.' ' But Onniston, what an extraordinary thing it is, that it should be precisely the Bame face that the fortune-teller showed me ! There she was alive, and here she is dead ! so I've lost all faith in La Masque for ever/ Ormiston looked doubtful. ' Are you quite sure it ia the same, Kings ley r ' Quite sure ?' said Sir Norman, indignantly. ' Of course I am ! Do you think I could he mistaken in such a case ? I tell you I should know that face anywheie in the world, for I don't believe there ever was such another created.' ' So be it, then. Your object, of course, iu following that cart, is to take a last look at her? ' Precisely so. Don't talk ; I feel in no mood for it just at present.' Ormiston smiled to himself, and did not talk, accordingly ; and in silence the two friends followed the gloomy dead-cart. A faint young moon, pale and sickly, was strug gling dimly through the drifts of dark clouds, 'and lighted the lonesome, drtary streets, will 1 not I rniVfteltne nights all moonlight ; but how ui'mWon, looking up at the troubled face of the sky, concluded mentally that the Lord Mayor had selected an unpropitious night for the grand illumiuation. Sir Nor man, with his eyes on the pest-cart and the long white figure thereon, took no heed of anything in the heaven above or in the earth beneath, and strode along in dismal silence till they reached ac last their journey's end. Af- the cart stopped, the two young men approached the edge of the plague-pit, and looked in with a shudder. Truly it was a horrible sightjjthat heaving, putrid sea of cor ruption ; for tjie bodies of the miserable vic tims were thmown in in cartfuls, and only covered with|£a handful of earth and quick lime. Here jind there, through the crackling and sinking wfrfoce, could be seen protruding a fair white Wm. or a baby face, mingled with the long, dam tiesses of maidens, the golden curls of childrjen, and the white hairs of old age. The peftilential effluvium arising from the dreadfuliivnaag was so overpowering that both shrank.! hack, faint and sick, after a moment's suar'f'ey. It was indeed, as Sir Nor man had saiidl ' a horrible grave wherein to He.' If MeantimeJthe driver, with an eye to busi ness, and no'* ime for such nonsense as melan choly moraiiJfin^, had laid the b'dy of the young girl (uf the ground, and briskly turned his cart an-jwuml)ecl the remainder of his load into the pitiK Then, lmving flung a few hand fuls of cla]B0Ver it, he unwqund the sheet, and kneeliriB beside the body, prepared to re move the j|Kels. The rays of the moon and his daik lanlem fell on the lovely snow-white face togetlifl'i and Sir Norman groaned de spairingly all he saw its death-cold rigidity. The man lull stripped the rings off the fingers, the braceletp off the arms ; but as he waa about to perform the same operation towards the necklaiBFt np was stopped by a startling interruption enough. In his haste, the clasp entered th# beautiful neck, inflicting a deep scratch, ffpf^ which the blood spouted ; and at the samff instant the «irl opened her eyes, with a MhriJl cty. Uttering a yell of terror, as well he'nvight, the man sprang back and gazed at|»er with terror, believing that his sacrilegious roljbeiy had brought the dead to life. EvfQ the two youug men — albeit, neither of them given to nervousness or cowardice*— recoiled for au instant and stared aghast. jTlien, as the whole struck them, that the sjirl jf'ad been in a deep swnou, and not dead, bofl) simultaneously darted forward, and, forgetting all fear of infection, kuelt by her side.;) A pair of great, lustrous black eyes were stalling wildly around, and fixed them selvea tirft on oue face and then on the other. ' Where am 1 V she exclaimed, with a teiri n'ed look! as she strove to raise herself on her elbow, aud fell instantaneously back with a cry of ayony, ax she felt for the first time the throbbinL' anizuish of the woutni. ' You are with friends, dear lady !' said Sir Norman, in a voice quite tremulous between astonishment aud delight. ' Fear nothing, for you shall be saved.' The great black eyes turned wildly upon him, while a fierce spasm convulsed the beauti was again ili;sp:i(..|ii!,l-'V,i,t'|1',. .li.l not arnvi ?there until uht-r |)x- sl.i\irii-'r ii:i-J started foi Singapore. Sir Andrew Clarice, the Gover nor of the Stinks Si-ttleimsnl., was at once com mil n ica ted witii by tttlugrnm by thu Vic tnaiun Government, arid as soon as the mail steamer Somorsot arrived' in Singapore Mar. bour she was hoarded by this ' police, arid O'Ferrall arrested. He appears to have had an idea that his time had -;-iiiie, for heat once said to tlmm, 'I know what you wuiH.' He pllered no jesistance, and/was at once ' Come, now ; none of that? If you we're the king, himself, you shouldn't run away with my cart in that fashion ; so you just get out of my ph\CH as ftt.it as you can !' ' My dear Kingsley, what are you about to do V usked Ormiaton, catching his excited friend by the arm. * Do !' exclaimed Sir Norman, in a kigh ton. ' Can't you see that for yourself? And I'm going to have that girl cured of the plague, if there is such a thing as a doctor to be had for love or money, in London.' ' You had better have her taken to the pest-house at once, then ; there are chirurge ons and nurses enough there.' 'To the pest-house ! Why, man, I might as well have her thrown into the plagne-pit there, at once ! Not I ! I shall have her taken to my own house, and there properly cured for, and this good fellow will drive her there instantly.' Sir Norman backed this insinuation by putting a broad gold-piece into the driver's hand, which instantly produced a magical effect on his rathei surley countenance. ' Certainly, Sir,' he began, springing into his seat with alacrity. ' Where shall I drive the young lady to ?' 1 Follow me,' said Sir Norman. ' Come along, Ormiston.' And seizing his friend by the arm, be hurried him along with a velocity rather uncomfortable, considering they both wore cloaks, and the night was excessively sultry. The gloomy vehicle and its faining burden followed close behind. ' What do you mean to do with her V asked Ormiston, as soon as he found breath enough to speak. ' Haven't I told you V said Sir Norman impatiently. ' 'fake her home, of course.' 'And after that?' ' Go (or a doctor.' « And after that V ? Take care of her till she gets well.' ' And after that ?' ' ' Why — find out her history, and all about her.' \- A nA udui tl.ut 1' ' After that ! After that 1 How do I know what after that?' exclaimed Sir Norman, rather fiercely. ' Ormiston, what do you mean V Ormiston laughed. ' And after that you'll marry her I sup pose V ' Perhaps I may, if she will have me. And what if IdoT ' O, nothing ! Only it struck me you might be saving another man's wife.' ' That's true !' said Sir Normau, in a sub dued tone ; ' and if such should unhappily he the case, nothing will remain but to live in hopes that he may be carried off by the plague.' ' Pray Heaven that we may not be carried off by it ourselves!' said Ormiston, with a *ligbt shudder. 'I shall dream of nothing but that horrible plague pit for a week. If it , Jfor. La. Masque, I would, not stay J^P YSTnour iu this pewL-strickeu city:' ' Here we are,' was Sir Nonuan'a rather inapposite answer, as they entered Piccadilly, and stopped before a large and handsome bouse, whose gloomy portal was faintly illu minated by a large lamp. ' Here my man, just carry the lady in.' He unlocked the door as he spoke, and led the way across a long hall to a sleeping chamber, elegantly fitted up. The man placed the body on the bed, and departed, while Sir Normao, seizing a hand-bell, rang a peal that brought a staid-looking housekeeper to the scene directly. Seeing a lady, young and beautiful, in bridal robes, lying apparently dead on her young master's bed* at that hour of the night, the discreet matron, over whose virtuous head fifty years and a snow-white cap had passed, started back with a slight scream. ' Gracious me, Sir Norman ! What on earth is the meaning of this V ' My dear Mrs. Preston,' began Sir Nor man, blandly, ' this young lady is ill of the plague, and ? * But all further explanation was cut short by a horrified shriek from the old lady, and » precipitate rush from the room. Down stairs she flew, informing the other servants as she went, between her screams ; and when Sir Norman, in a violent rage, went io search of her five minutes after, he found not only the kitcheD, hut the whole house deserted. ' Well V said Ormiston, as Sir Norman strode back, looking fiery hot, and savagely angry. ' Well, they have all fled, every man and woman of them, the- ' Sir Norman ground out something not quite proper, behind his moustache. ' I shall have to go for the doctor myself. Doctor Forbes is a friend of mine, and lives near; uud you,' looking at Ormiston rather doubtfully, ' would you mind staying here, lest she should recover con sciousness before I return ]' 'To tell you the truth1' said Ormiston, with charming frankness, ' I should ! The lady is extremely beautiful, I must own ; but she looks uncomfortably corpse like at this preseut moment. I do nob wish to diu of the plague, either, until I see La Masque once more ; aud so, if it is all the Maine to you, my dear friend, I shall have the greatest pleasure in stepping round with you to the doctor's.' Sir Norman, though he did not much ap prove of this, could not very well object, aud the two sallied forth together. Walking a short distance up Piccadilly, they struck off into a bye-street, and seon reached the house they were in search of. Sir Norman knocked loudly at the door, which was opened by the doctor himself. Briefly and lapidly, Sir Nor man informed him how aud where bis services were required ; and the doctor beiut; always provided with everything ueuessary for such cases, Met out with him immediately. Fifteen miuut.es after leaving his own house, Sir Nor man was back there a'ain, and stuuding iu his own chamber. But a simultaneous excla mation ot amazement and consternation broke from him and Ormialon, as, on entering the room, they found the bed empty aud the ludy gone ! A dead pausn followed, during which the ? ' nOfti'vwksd blankly at the lied, and then at [? Hie pi'ler. Tlie scene, no doubt, would have hn tliajjcrous enough to a fourth party, but ' ' r'u/°' ollr tr'° clllI't' see anything w.hat ' ('isi J 'auo'1 at- Ormistou was the first to . crooil.'lilt lu Heaven's name has happened !' ! U':cnbderingly exclaimed. y '(me one has been here,' said Sir Norman, 1 i) , Pg ver/ l'a'ei ' aud carried her off while the fre goUe-' tn Jet us search the house,' tx'ul the doctor ; yW should have lockud your dour. Sir Nor mau. But it may not be too late yet.' Acting on the hint, Sir Norman seized the lamp burning on the table, and started ou the search. His two friends followed him, and in ' The highest, the lowest, the lonpliest spot, They searched for the lady, but found her not.' No, though there was not the slightest trace of robbers or intruders, neither was there the slightest trace of the beautiful plague- patient. Everything in the house was precisely as it always was, but the silver-shining vision was gone. CHAPTER III. THE COURT PAGE. The. search was giveu over at last in despair, and the doctor took his hat and disappeared. Sir Norman uud Ormistou stopped in the lower hall, and looked at each other iu mute amazemeuc. ' What can it all mean ?' asked Ormiston, appealing more to society at large than to his bewildered companion. 'I udven't the faiutest idea,' said Sir Nor. man, distractedly, 'only I am pretty certain that, if £ don't find her, I shall do something so desperate that the plague will be a triHe compared to it !' 'It seems almost impossible that she can have been carried off, doesn't it V . ? ' If she has !' exclaimed Sir Norman, ' aud I find out the abductor, he won't have a whole bone in his body two iniuutes after !' ' And yet more impossible that she can have gone of heiself,' pursued Ormiston, with the air of one entering upon an abstruse subject, and taking no heed whatever of his compa nion's marginal notes. ' Gone of herself ! It the man crazy ?' in quired Sir Norman, with a stare. ' Fifteen minutes before we left her dead, or iu a dead swoon, which is all the same in Greek, and yet he talks of her getting up aud going off of herself !' ' In favt, the only way to get at the bottom of the mystery,' said Ormistou, ' is to go in search of her. Sleeping, 1 suppose, is out of the question.' ' Of course it is ! I shall never sleep again till 1 find her.' They passed out, and Sir Norman this time took the precaution of turning the key, there by fulfilling the adage of locking thu stable door after the steed was stolen. The night had giown darker aud hotter ; and att they walked along, the clock of St. Paul's tolled nine. 'And now where shall we go?' inquired Sir Norman, as they rapidly hurried on. ' £ should recommend visiting the house where we first found her; if not there, then we can try the pest-house.' Sir Norman shuddered. ' Heaven forfend she should be there ! It is the most mysterious thing ever I beard of.' ' What do you think now of La Masque's prediction— dare you doubt still V ' Ormistoo, [don't know *hm in think. It is the same face T saw, aud yet ? ' ' Well, and yet?' 'I can't tell you — I am fairly bewildered. If we don't find the lady at her own house, I have half a mind to apply to your friend La Masque again.' ? The wisest thing you could do, my dear fellow. If any one knows your unfortunate beloved's whereabouts, it ia La Masque, depend upon it.' ' That's settled, then ; and now don't talk, for conversation at this smart pace I don't ad mire.' Ormiston, like the amiable, obedient young man that he was, instantly held his tongue, and they strode along at a breathless pace. There was an unusual concourse of men abroad that night, watching the gloomy face of the sky, aud waiting the hour of midnight to kindle the myriad of files ; aud as the two tall dark figures went rapidly by, all supposed it to be a case of life or death. In the eyes of one of the party, perhaps it was ; and neither halted till they came once more in sight of the house whence a short time previously they had carried the death-cold bride. A row of lamps over the door portal shed a yellow, uncertain light around, while the lights of barges and wherries were sown like stars along the river. 'There is the house,' cried Ormiston, and both paused to take breath ; 'and I am about at the last gasp. I wonder if your pretty mistress would feel grateful if she knew what I have come through to-night for her sweet sake.' ' There are no lights,' said Sir Norman, glancing Buxiously up at the darkened front of the house ; ' even the link before the door is unlit. Surely she cannot be there.' ' That remains to be seen, though I'm very doubtful about it myself. Ah ! Who have we here?' The door of the house in question opened as he spoke, and a figure — a man's figure, wear ing; a slouched hat, and long, dark cloak, came slowly out. He stopped before the house and looked at it lous; and earnestly ; and, by the twinkling light ot the lamps, the friends saw enough of him to know he was .young and distinguished-looking. ' £ should not wouder in the least if that were the bridegroom,' whispered Orinistou, maliciously. Sir Norman turned pale with jealousy, and laid his hand on his sword, with a quick and natural impulse to make the bride a widow forthwith. But he chucked the desire for an instant, bs the blandish- looking gentleman, after a prolonged stare at the premises, stepped up to the watchman, who had giveu them their information an hour or two befoie and who was still at his post. The friends could not be seen, but they could hear, aud they did so very earueaty iudeed. 'Canyon tell me, my t'lie.ud,' began the clocked unknown, ' what bus become ot the people residing in yonder house ?' The watchuiau held his lamp up to the face of the speaker — a handsome face, by the way, what could be seen of it — aim indulged him self iu a prolonged survey. ' Well ?' said the gentleman impatiently, ' have you no tougue, fellow ? Where ure thev I say ?' ' Blest if I know,' said the watchman. ' I was'ut set here to keep guard over them, was 1 ? Jt looks like it though,, seid the iiian, in parenthesis, ' for this makes twice to night I've been asked questions about it.' 'Ah !' said the gentleman, with a' slight Htart. ' Who asked you before, pray ?' ' Two young gentlemen ; lords, I expect, by their dress. Somebody ran .screaming out of the house, and they wanted to know what was wron^.' 1 Well?' said the stranger, breathlessly, and ' what theu V ' And theu. as I couldn't tell them, they went in to hch for themselves, aud shortly after came out with a body wrapped in a sheet which they put iu a pest-cart going by, and had it buried, I suppose, with the rest in the plague pit.' The stranger fairly staggered back, and cangh at a pillar near for support. Foi nearly ten minutes he stood perfectly njotiou lesc ; and then, without a word, started up and walked rapidly away. The,friends looked after him curiously till he was out of sight. ' So she is not there,' said Ormiston, ' and our mysterious friend in the cloak is us much at a loss as we are ourselves. Where shall we go next — to La Masque or the pest-house?' ' To La Masque — I hate the idea of the pest-house !' ' She may be there, nevertheless ; aud un der the preseut circumstances it is the best place for her.' ' Don't talk of it !' said Sir Norman, im patiently. I do not and will not believe fche is there ! If the sorceress shows her to me in the caldron aguin I verily believe £ shall jump in head foremost. ' And I verily believe we shall not find La Masque at home. She wanders tnrough the streets ut all hours, but particularly affects the night.' ' We shall try, however Come along.' The house of the sorceress was but a short distanoe of Sir Norman's plague-stricken lady love's; and shod with a sort of seven-league boots, they, soon reached it. Like the other, it wuh nil dark and deserted. ' This is the house,' said Ormiston, looking at it doubtfully ; ' but where is La Masque ?' ' Here,' said a silvery voice at hia elbow ; and turning round, they saw a tall, slender figure, cloaked, hooded and masked. ' Surely, you two do not want me again to-night?' Both gentlemen doffed their plumed hats, and simultaneously bowed. ' Fortune favours us,' said Sir Norman. ' Yes, madam, it is even so ; once ugain to night we wcu Id tax your skill.' * Well ; what do you wish to know?' ' Madam, we are in the street.' ' Sir, I'm aware of that. Pray proceed.' ' Will you not have the goodness to permit us to entei ?' said Sir Norman, inclined to feel offended. ' How can you. tell us what we wish to know here? 'That is my secret,' said the sweet voice. ' Probably, Sir Normau Kings ley, wishes to know something of the fair lady I showed him some, time ago V ' Madam, you've guessed it. It is for that purpose I have sought you now.' ' Then you have seen her nl ready ?' ' 1 have.' ' And loye her!' ' With all my heart.' ' A rapid flame,' said the musical voice, in a tone that had just a thought of sarcasm, 'for one of whose very existence you did not dream two hours ago.' ? Madam La Maeque,' said 81c Norman, dashed aud haughty, ? love in not a question of time,' 'iiir Norman Kingsley,' »aid the lady some what sadly, ' i urn aware of that. Tell m* what you wish to know, and if it be in my power, you shall know it.' ' A thousand thanks ! Tell me, then, U sha whom I seek living or dead ?' ' She is alive.' ? She has the plague V said Sir Norman. ' I know it.' ' Will she recover? ? She will.' ' Where is she now V La Masque hesitated, and seemed uncertain whether or not to reply. Sir Norman pai sionately broke in. ' Tell me, madam, for I must know.' j ' Then you shall ; but, remember, if you get into danger, you must not blame me.' . ? ' Blame you ! No, I think T could hardly ? do that. Where am I to seek for herf ,. ' j ' Two miles from London, beyond NewgaU/ J said La Masque, ' there stand the ruins of what was once a hunting-lodge, now a crumb ling skeleton, rootless and windowless, and said by rumour to be haunted. Perhaps you ' have seen or heard of it f ' I have seen it a hundred times,' broke in Sir Norman. 'Surely, you do not mean to say she is there 7 ii ? Go there and you will see. Go there to- £ night, and lose no time — that is, supposing! you can procuac a licence.' ! '1 have one already. I have a pass from j the Lord Mayor to come and go from the,;: city as I please.' | 'Good! Then you'll go to-night.' | ' I will go. I might as well do that a»; anything1 else; I suppose ; but it is quite im- ; ? possible,' said Sir Norman, firmly, not to say j i obstinately,' that she can be there.' . j ' Very well — you'll see. You had bettti. '? go on horseback, if you desire to be back in' j time to witness the illumination.' , f: ' 1 don't particularly desire to see thi' ! illumination, that I know of; but I will ridr| nevertheless. What am I to do when I gel ',, there ?' jn ' You will enter the ruins, and go on till j you discover a spiral staircase leading to wha'| 'j was once the vaults. The flags of thes-M vaults ure loose from age, and if you shouli|j| desire to remove any of them you will projp bably not find it an'impossibility.' i jj! 'Why should I desire to remove them'jl1 usked Sir Norman, who felt dubious and di- ;.-', appointed, and inclined to be dogmatical. . ^ ' Why, you may see a glimmering of ligt if — hear strange noises and if you remove tb :fe stones, may possibly see strange sights. A p I told you before, it is rumoured to be hauil '| ted ; which is true enough, though not in tt ^ way they suspect ; and so the fools and tl,i,(tt common herd stay away.' yjl' ' Aud if I am discovered peeping like | jp rascally valet, what will be the consequence- ;|i ' Very unpleasant ones to you ; bi ijf you need not be discovered if you take cart ^1 Ah, look there !' : Ji She pointed to the river, and both her cor |i panions looked. A barge, gaily painted a* U gilded, with a light in prow and stern, car j?( gliding up among less pretentious craft, at iS stopped at the loot of a flight of stairs leadi: '/- to the bridge. It contained four persons — t ; j oarsman, two cavaliers sitting in the stern, a1 'i a lad in the rich livery of a court page in tj 'i net of springing out. Nothing yery wond4 I j ful in all this ; and Sir Norman and Orroistj j looked at La Masque for an explanation, j ; ! ' Do you know those two gentlemen?' li ! f asked. | Jj, ' Certainly,' replied Sir Norman, prompt.' $ ' one is the Duke of York, the other the Ei 'j of Rochester.' i] jjj ' And that page, to which of them does|': i; belong?' ; \i ' The page !' said Sir Norman, with a 3ta?'i}j' as he leaned forward to look ; ' pray, inadi.-jm what has the page to do- with it?' yi-.i ' Look and see.' *l'J The two peers had ascended the stairs, il4f{ were aheady on the bridge. The page loitdjJM behind, talking, as it seemed to the watern%'| t ' He wears the livery of the Earl of Kocj^VI ter,' said Ormiston, speaking for the first tW?$v ' but I cannot see his face.' ? |VJu'? ' He will follow presently, and be sure lit!,! see it then. Possibly you may not finffW entirely new to you.' jji-t5* She drew back into the shadow a» she spc'^'iV, and the two nobles, as they advanced, talM^j earnestly, beheld Sir Norman and Ormis'fl^'t , Both raised their hats with a look of recoWyV-i tion, and the salute was courteously -retura'i Jj ] by the others. jawi ' Good-night, gentlemen, said Lord Ro-S':(L ter ; 'a hot evening, is it noc 1 Have jMju come here to witness the illumination?' ,!jil!|« ' Hardly.' said Sir Norman ; ' we have «'JPijV| for a very different purpose, my Lord.' -jfj;i jl 'The fires will have one good effect,'S|- |y; Ormiston, laughing, ' if they clear the afrjj!ri j drive away this stifling atmosphere.' * g\§ ' Pray God they drive away the pU|Jt y said the Duke of York, as he and his co- Ja nion passed from view. j' tw The page sprang up the stairs after t, R i humming, as he came, one of his master'*, I ditties — songs, saith tradition, savourirJj p | anything but the odour of sanctity. jtX i | the warning of La Masque fresh in their n\f -- jj, both looked at him earnestly. Hit gay \W- ft was that of Lord Rochester, and beeanT.L'^Vr graceful figure well, as he marched alon|l'f&^f! a jaunty swagger, one hand on his sjd-jy|ytfij the other toying with a beautiful little s[lM||j that frisked in open violation of the fri'fw Mayor's orders, commanding all dogs,^a/|Jjt and small, to be put to death as piopaj|?j,jr | of the pestilence. In passing, the lad tliffil -. his face toward them for a moment — a ljfifr| ; j) saucy, handsome face it was; and 'hyl'J't anof-nnf* Iia mmt*-n+ miin/i an ekMJVlA arks! ¥r'fli*F .i peared. Ornr.iston suppressed an oatbif I j'i Norman stifled a cry of amazement — tot /[ !i I recognised that beautiful colourless fac4lraf !fi perfect features, and great, black, ^B^flfi'i eyes. It was the face of the lady thi^^ip saved from the plague pit ! iwf£M ' Am I sane or mad V inquired Sir NL^|fj- looking helplessly about him for -nfMIft^jr-;1 ' Surely, that is she we are in search o^lunfvi ' It certainly is/ said Ormiaton, VflTV:: are the wonders of thu night to end? ifmf/j ' Satan and La Masque only know, fnrojfg both seem to have united to drive n*J|W''L Where is she?' JwHiSif ? Where, indeed ?' said Ormuton. WM^! is lost year's Show V filwUf' And Sir Norman, looking round at |M! -j where she had stood a moment trfonffiUkULJ that she, too, had disappeared. ? VotE]!'- To be Continued* 9pW 