Miss" Ansel.* rashly. a mast BY MISS THACKERAY. "TI veil t CHAPTER. I. HUNT OF SIR JOSUUA'S. away, was a ' beard YESTERDAY, lying on Mr. Coluaghi's table, I I saw a print, the engraving of one of Sir Joshua's portraits. It was the picture of a lady some five or six and twenty years of age. The face is peculiar, sprightly, tender, a little obstinate. The eyes are very charming and intelligent Tue natures aT broadly marked : there is- something at once homely and dignified in their expression. The little head is charmingly "set upon its frame. A few pearls are mixed with the heavy loops of hair ; two great curls fall upon the sloping shoulders ; the slim figure is draped in light folds fastened by jewelled bands such as people who wore. A loose scarf is tied round the waist. Being cold, perhaps, within" in Sir Joshua's great studio, the lady had partly wrapped herself in a great fur cloak. The whole effect is very good, nor is it an inconvenient dress to sit still and be painted in. How people lived habitually in such clothes I cannot understand. But although garments may represent one phase after another of fashion ; loop writhe, sweep, nomico, wriggle themselves into' strange forms and into shapes prim or romantic, or practical, as the case may be, yet faces tell another story. They scarcely alter, even in expression, from one generation to another ; the familiar looks come travelling down to us in all sorts of ways and vehicles by paint, by marble, by words, by the music the musician left behind him, by inherited instincts. There is some secret understanding transmitted, I do believe, from one set of human beings to another, from year to year, from ago to go, over since Evo herself first opened her shining eyes upon the Garden of Innocence, and Hung the apple to her deacon ''James. This little head, of which I am now writing, has certainly a character of its own. Although it was great Sir Joshua himself who painted Miss Angel-so her friends called her-and set the stamp of his own genius upon the picture, although the engraver has again come between us to reproduce the great master's impression, beyond their art and unconscious influence, and across the century that separated the lady from the print lying on Air. Coluaghi's table, some feeling of her identity seems to reach one as one stands there in the shop, after years of other things and people ; and identity that seems to survive in that mysterious way in which people's secret, in- tangible feelings do out live the past, the future, and death, and failure, and even success itself. When I began to criticise the looks of my black and-white heroine, and to ask myself if there was anything wanting in her expression, any in- describable want of fine perceptive humor, the eyes seemed suddenly to look reproachfully, and to refute my unspoken criticised. Those outward signs that we call manners and customs and education have changed since that quick heart ceased to boat, since Miss Angel lived and ruled in her May-Fair kingdom ; but the true things and significations that those signs express are not less true because they have lasted a little longer and gone through a few more evolutions. It is only the false impressions, the exaggerations and affectations that, by a natural law, destroy themselves. How many did she live out in her appointed span of life, and wear out one by one on her journey towards the truth ? My poor Angel all her life was Used to praise and blame, to be accused of faults she never committed, to be admired for qualities that she scarcely possessed. Art was art, and so indeed was nature, in the language of signs as it was practised by her and her companions. On the continent, Arcadia was coming to an end ; shepherds and shepherdesses wore straggling off and driving their flocks before them. Long legged deities, cupids, and heroes in helmets or slashed silk hose were colonising English studios, and Olympus was beginning to be in fashion. Fancy and natural feeling are expressed by sides, by nymphs, and ovals, and mezzotints. Cipriani teaches in his schools ; classic temples are rising in windy gardens (for alas I the climate does not lend itself to this golden age revival), and never were winters more wintry, fogs more enduring, or frosts more shipping than those at the end of the last century. Perhaps to Miss Angel the darkness may have been but as a veil to the sweet dazzling images of her early youth. She may have still seemed to see the sunlight through the mists and fogs of the great city where she had cast her lot, and for November may have been splendid still, and let upon a golden background, while she found present sunshine in the admiring eyes of her friends and lovers. Some lives have in them a quality which may perhaps be compared to that secret of which the early A'enotians knew the mystery - some mystery of light, some sweet transparent gift of coloring, a hidden treasure of hope shining through after-shadow. I do not say that this" is the highest among the gifts, that there are not far greater things in art and in nature than sweet harmonies of color ; but it is a delightful quality in its way, in pictures and in the lives of those who look at pictures and of those who paint them. Angelica Kauffmann is a life so tinted, warmed at the outset by some such broad golden stream thatfloodedits youth with hope, and shone on through a mid-life of storm and shadow. In after days, tears and langour dimmed those bright azure eyes audovermastcred the brave spirit that we must all respect and recognise ; but to the last moment hope remained hope for life when all else was gone a false hope, indeed, to be realised by a mightier revelation of life than ours. Poor little Angelica I so true to herself, so defeated in her highest (lights, so complete in her victory-not over those things she has set herself to conquer, but over others by the road along which she has struggled valiantly for sixty years. Over-praised, over-loved, de- ceived, and satisfied, little by little she had grown up out of the dictionaries and guide-books, out of the faithful old friend Rosses' careful sentences, out of the relics scattered by her hand. She was no genius, as people once thought, no great painter of gods and men. Her heroes stand in satin pumps and feathered toques, her nymphs are futile and somewhat dislocated being one laughs at them, but one loves them too a little. I think that, as far as it lay in her power, Angelica was true to her perceptions. The artificial education of the day cast its constraints upon her simple soul, and yet, with all its fail- ings, her work is bright with a certain sympathy and transparency, a certain delicacy of rendering, which holds its own even now. Religion, is Angelica painted her, still sits in the South Kensington Museum, surrounded by attendant virtues. There is Hope- with her anchor, Faith with her hands crossed upon her breast, Charity reclining in the place of honor. They all have Greek profiles. The inspiration is something like an apotheosis of some of Madame Tussaud's happiest compositions, and yet a certain harmony and innocent enthusiasm re- deem, it all from utter absurdity, and draws one city sympathy with the painter. One head, crowned and gentle, seemed to shine with a real Italian brightness through the grim November vapors in the galleries, to which I have wandered across a century. CHAPTER II. PICTURE GALLERIES. PICTURE galleries are strange and shifting places, where people come to wonder, to envy, to study, talk nonsense ; sometimes it is to realise their secret hearts pointed out upon canvas, and hanging up framed before them- sometimes veils bangbeforethe pictures. It is all there you see it, know it- and see and know nothing as you pass by untouched. And then, again, some secret power has dispelled the mists, strange life flashes along the walls, picture answers picture ; here and there some great dominant chord breaks out in a burst of silent music, imposing its own harmony upon the rest. One morning Miss Angel was tired, or cross, OF dissatisfied; she had not slept the night before. Her father, as usual, had left her at the gallery to work, bidding her be diligent, but she could not work to good effect ; one thing and another disturbed her. Every now and then, their friend and fellow-lodger, Antonio, who was painting in another room, had come in and vexed her by a criticism. " You waste your time attempting such subjects, he had said " it is not within your grasp ; you should not accept such commissions." ' 1 must take what comes," said Angelica get The right of repuMiching " Mks Angel " has-been 1'iu-cha.-1 by- the proprietors of The Gy.tciu(«<ii'u-. highly. " I need not complain when I am given a master-piece to reproduce." " To reproduce I" said Antonio, "you might as well try to paint the sun is" and so he walked way, leaving her discouraged, out of tune. He was a dark heavy-looking man with a very black beard and a yellow face. Headlines of care in his face, and lines of gray in his hair, although he could have been little over thirty years of age. They had been friends for years ; Angelica did not know what it would be not to know Antonio, or not to be vexed with him too. It was but rarely that her sweet temper was so milled, and it happened to-day that when she was most angry with Antonio and with herself, a stranger, young, stately, dressed in deepest mourning, had come up and, with a glance at the picture, and asked her if the charming copy was for sale. who is one to believe, thinks the poor little painter, as she looks up demurely, passed her brush, and says, "It is an older, and sold already," "You must allow me to envy the fortunate possessor of such a picture copied by so fair a hand," said the stranger in a low voice, bending his handsome head with one of the courteous flourishes then in fashion, and he walked away with long black legs. Then n priest came up to look ; then a couple of soldiers ; then a now manned couple. " How beautiful," said the bride " I like the copy better than the picture it is a prettier size ; see how she has got it all in Angel was not unused to compliments ; she was a princess in her own little kingdom, but she did not care for them quite so be badly expressed as this. She half hoped the prince would come back and give her an order and make her some more consoling speeches. There was something in his manner which interested her. Row different from Antonio with his rude abruptness and jealously. Anyone must allow that he was disagreeable. And then the girl put down her brushes thoughtfully, and left her seat, and walked up to the great high altar at which she had been worshipping. I can see her, though it is a hundred years since she stood there, and Antonio could see her as he stood watching from the doorway. The light figure in its common faded (less standing before great Titian's altar fires. Her head was a little bent with that gentle turn he knew so well, her thick brown hair was all tied back with a brown ribbon. Her two little feet stood somewhat far apart, springing, from and elastic, from the polished floor. One hand was raised to shade the light from her eyes, in the other-from habit cal of lilly extended -she held her palette. There she stood for once pale and discouraged, and with dimmed eyes. Her father would be furious if she were to tell him of Antonio's gibes, but then her father was no critic where her work was concerned. This she owned in her heart, and perhaps she agreed more often than she chose to acknowledge with Antonio, the jealous, rude, tiresome friend. Ah I how infinitely pleasanter mo acquaintances than friends who live in the house with you, who say anything that comes uppermost. That English Signor Dance, whom they had met at Rome, he had praised her work with fervor and sincerity and the friendly priests in the villa at Como, how they had exclaimed in wonder at her portraits of the Cardinal and his chaplain. If only Antonio would praise her work as they did, it might give her some courage and interest to go on. So there she stood, pale and discouraged, an inadequate little copyist, blinking at the sun, so she told herself. Presently her heart began to boat, and the color came into her cheeks as she forgot her own insignificance and caught some strange ter rifled emotion from the great motive month before her. Some fancy came to her that she was one of the women in the crowd looking on with the amazed Apostles, as they stretch their astonished hands. The great mystery is being accomplished before their eyes. The Virgin lises cloud-lifted to the jubilant chorus of angels and cherubim; simple, extatic, borne upward upon the resistless vapors. The glories seemed to gather gold, the clouds to drift upon unseen hands, the distance widens and intensifies. This strange great heaven floats and shines again triumphant before the dazzled eyes of the mortals on the galleries. One or two people had gathered round. Had anything occurred in the great assumption 2 Little old dirty Pinuzzi had crept up to see from his distant corner, where he manufactured his little cherubs with his trembling fingers, he stood clucking his admiration with odd noises and shakings of the head. Then someone sighed deeply ; some strange magnetic thrill of sympathy possessed them all, as when the bursts of silver trumpets come sounding along St. Peter's, and the crowds respond. At that moment a harsh angry voice calls Angelica very peremptorily back to earth again. " Angelica, what does. thou where is thy morning's work 1 AArhy art thou wasting time and money !" So the voice begins in German, then the scolding turns into Italian as Antonio comes up once more. The accuser is a tall, thin, angry old man, who is gazing with displeasure at the easel, at the idle brush, and at his daughter in the crowd. " Is this your manner of working ?" he continues, oblivious of listeners. "It is the best for her," said Antonio, interfering. " Rush, John Joseph !" he added in a low voice ; " how can you speak to her so." " Be quiet, Antonio ; you can afford, perhaps, to idle your life away. Angelica cannot allow herself that luxury. What has she done all this long morning !" "Nothing, father !" said Angelica, turning round from habit to meet him, and to soothe away his anger as she could always do, with a word and a fond look ; but to-day the sense of the impossible had over-mastered the custom of the present, and she forgot her artless wiles and her father's displeasure in a sudden longing for some higher achievement and some better ideal. Her face changed, the smile faded " I was tired, father, and no wonder," and with a sudden movement she held out her palette to him. " Look at this," she said, " and look at that How can I do it? How can you ask me to do it As she spoke, Antonio looked at her with an approving flash from beneath his black eyebrows. " What absurdity ?" cried the old man, " is it to-day that she is to tell me she cannot paint ? After all the crowns she his won-after all the sacrifices her mother and I have made all the hopes we have indulged in ! Why did you not say so to Joseph Mbrosco when he gave you the order ? Ungrateful girl ?" The tears which started to Angelica's eyes changed her future destiny for years and years. " Might I, a stranger, venture to ask a favor ?" said the stranger lady, once more addressing Angelica from her waves of satin, of laces, and speaking in a very sweet and melancholy voice. " I am leaving Venice in a week. I should regret my going lest, if I might carry away something to recall the happy hours I have spent." Gently certain of herself, she looked from the father to the daughter. She was not used to see life from any but her own aspect and level. The father's reproaches, the daughters tears, were a revelation to the fanciful, impressionable personage, who was not used to be thwarted, and who had suddenly determined to make this girl happy, and to wipe away her tears with her own cambric handerchief, if need be. " Perhaps," she continued, addressing the old man with a charming dignified grace, "you would allow me, sir, to take your daughter home in my gondola ? Would you trust yourself, to my care?" she said to Miss Angel. " We might consult on the subject of the picture, which I hope you may consent to paint for me. I should like to show you my children and my husband, who would make a noble study." Angel's blue eyes answer unconsciously to the two shining flashes, the smile that greets her. It seemed as if they were friends already. The lady did not speak, only smiled and looked for an answer. A gentle fragrance seemed to come with each wave of her fan-the great flaunting fan with jewelled sticks. She was dressed in white, with gray fur trimmings and pearls, and she wore long mittens on her arms. " A picture ! I should like to paint you just as you are," thought Angelica, " You great ladies can make yourselves into pictures." Old Pintuzzi whispered something into Kauff man's ear. " It is her Excellency the English Ambassadress," he said. Old Kautfrnanu bowed to the ground. " You are too good to my poor child," said the old fellow. " My daughter's name is perhaps not unknown to your Excellency Angelica Kauffmann he repeated proudly. I her father, may truly say that her name is known in all Italy. We have lately come from Naples-", where all the galleries were thrown open to us-that of the Palace of Cape de Monte, and many others. Her gifts of music and painting, her remarkable precocity, have-" "Dear father," said Angelica, interrupting; "the lady has judged me too favorably already. Antonio describes my poor performances very differently." She spoke with a smile, but she wounded her poor plain-speaking friend to the heart. He turned pale" and abruptly walked off to the other end of the room, where he stood looking at a picture that he did not see. It was Tintoret's " Slave delivered from torture." Poor Antonio. St. Mare had not yet come to burst his bonds "I thank you, Sir-, for telling me your daughter's name. Indeed, I had suspected that it might be her. Her brilliant reputation is well known to me and many of my friends " said the lady, " My friend the Abbe Franck showed me a most interesting letter from Rome not long ago, describing her rare gifts. The Abbe AVinklemun speaks of her, too, with enthusiastic praise. I have little to offer us a temptation to one so gifted ; but if she will accept me as a friend, it will be conferring a favor that I shall know how to value." The lady held out her hand as she spoke, and Angelica gladly took it in her young grateful clasp. Old Kauffmann's eyes glistened whim Angelica started off with this high company, dressed in her shabby dress, timid, yet resolute, the com- peer of any lady-in the land. No thought of any difference of rank discomposed her. As she prepared to accompany her new found protect trees, the girl was bewitched by the beautiful lady. CHAPTER III. GONDOLAS. THE boat rocked backwards and forwards to the gondoliers circling oar, the shadows danced a delicious centred anse. Splash gentle our, rise domes and spires upon the vault, sing voices calling along the water, stream golden sees reflected there. The gondola flies down a noisy side-street towards an open place where the canals diverge ; the shadows part, and fire is streaming from the tumultuous ripples. Ahou ! cry the gondoliers for a moment all is swinging confusion ; then the flashing boats and the heavy laden barges make way before his Excellency's gondola, and it glides on once more. Her Excellency the English Ambassadress leans back among her cushions, looking out languidly ; the lights flash from the upper windows the tall palaces, balconiosstartoverliead marked upon the sky. Now it is a palace to lot with wooden shutters swinging in the shadow ; now they pass the yawning vaults of great ware- houses piled with suffern and crimson dyes, where barges are moored and workmen straining at the rolling barrels. The Ambassadress looks up ; they are passing the great brown wall of some garden terrace ; a garland has crept over the brick, and droops almost to the water ; one little spray encircles a rusty ring hanging there with its shadow. A figure comes and looks over the wall a man with a handsome dark cut face, plain powdered hair, in mourning dress. He bows low from his terrace walk, looking with a grave unmoved face. The Ambassadress smiles and kisses her pretty loosely gloved fingers. "This is a new friend of my lord's," she says, smiling to her companion, who looks up in turn at the head against the sky. Angelica wonders where the tins soon that dark head before ; then she remembers that it was in the gallery scarce an hour ago. She is a little shy but quite composed as she leans lightly back in her place by the great kiely ; her state dress looks somewhat out of keeping with the splendid oipiipugo where the carpets are Persian and the cushions are covered with silver damask, and the very awnings are of soft flame-colored silk. They have been put up by the Ambassadress' orders, in place of the black hood which oppressed her, for she loves light and air guns liberty. Now they touch the palace walls, and with a hollow jar start off once more. Now comes a snatch of song through, an old archway ; hero sure boats and voices, the gondoliers earrings twinkle in the sun, hero are vine wreaths, and stops where children, those until ing spectators of life, are clustering ; more barges with heavy fruit and golden treasure go by. A little brown faced boy is lying with his brown legs in the sun on the very edge of a barge, dreaming over into the green water ; he lazily raises his head to look, and falls back again ; now a black boat passes like a ghost, its slender points start upwards in a line with the curve of yonder spire ; now it is out of all this swing of shadow and confusion they cross a broad sweet breadth of sunlight, and come into the Grand Canal. A handsome young couple are gliding by, and look up in admiration at the beautiful lady. Beautiful in glistening gray and falling lace, with feathery soft lines of ornament, with a diamond nigretta shining in her powdered hair dignified, conscious. No wonder the young couple are dazzled, that the dark-faced man looks out from the terraced wall, that the girl sitting by the lady's side is bewitched by all that grace, beauty, and kindness. It comes as a revelation to her, and seems to illuminate all the beauty of this new world in which she finds herself for the first time, awakened to life somehow by some inner call, by your loving revelation of the eyes and the imagination. The Ambassadress made Angelica answer a hundred questions about her life and her work as they went along. She was perfectly charming in her manner, full of interest and kindness, but her questions were almost more than Angelica cared to answer. She told herself that with one so kind, so beautiful, she need have no reserve, and yet people found it difficult at times to be quite natural and unreserved with this great lady. By degrees, as the conversation went on, she had felt some curious, anxious, restless influence upon her nerves. She could hardly delina it, nor why she was at once more and were charmed and agitated ; but she was not the first who had experienced this curious impression. " Was that her father ?" and " Was that young man n rela- tion ?" " 1 Had she a mother, the great lady had asked. " I have a dead mother," said Angelica, with a very sweet expression ; " her name was Coope Lucien. were used to live at Coire, by tho side of the stream ; her bed-room window hung over the water, and she used to hold my hand and let me clean out as far as possible. We were very poor, though, and my father could not get on he found work at Morbegno, and we all went away. I cried when I left my home and the terrace garden, and my mother wiped my tears with her apron, and kissed my hands. She used to teach me, and keep me with her always. 1 never left her till she left me-that was nearly five years ago," said Angelica very softly. " She was very beautiful ; I have never seen anyone like her. To-day, when you spoke to me, I was thinking that Titian's Madonna had something of her." " Who is your dark friend ?" said Lady AAr., who had lost the thread for a moment. " Are you engaged to be married ?" Angelica shook her head. " I am married to my brush," she said gaily : " I want no other husband. Before I came here I sometimes thought there might be other things in life is but where saw these glorious works, which seem to me to surpass even the articles in magnificent com- positions, I feel that it is as much as my poor soul can grasp." She pushed back her thick curls as she spoke, and looked up-an eager young spirit longing to take its flight-over trained, over stimulated by praise-by a sense of enthusiastic responsibility perhaps, but full of hope, of courage, of trust in the future. In some mysterious way the imagined at times that Raphael and Titian and her beloved Caruccis and Caravaggio, were all waiting in some painter's Paradise anxiously expecting to see her start in their pursuit. When she talked of her art, some sort of light would come into her face. Such enthusiasm is often something in itself an inspiration not to be despised ; but it does not create the gifts that should belong to it by rights. When Angelica talked of art, she was a little conscious, perhaps ; but it was a sweet, artless consciousness, and from her very heart she loved her work. " It was like a new soul in my soul," she said with her sweet voice, " when I came here first and learned to know them all. Before that I sometimes imagined . . . Angelica laughed. " Girls have their fancies," she said. " And have you no fancies said her patroness, very seriously. " Mine is a cold heart, I fear," said the girl ; " I have to earn money for our home, and to take care of my father in my mother's place. My reason for it "1 series " sun "'1 America and now Palm love Ango sion of S calle charl "No pupil Al a you a way bees' can] satin the COUII full A " Til and tore of - will two A that being ing men swe pure stra tore surf is j care Man out tem 1 abs wit I ultu t us are too great to le ii e pi ice in my heart for life ' "But could you imagine love without interest, and the Audit- adie , very quickly , " and, interest in the lay soul of love " then my love is not alter), for the great ASCIONE, for President, epic I angelica, flushing and excited Theodore the rate-, it which I now worship, she said, pointing to the Togo s Pal ice they were now as providing " And so these pictures and you of all the love of said the Arab is adieus, looking it Angelica curiously, with her "teat lady epics Sion, as she spoke they been sliding by the Room of St Moe, md the Ambassadress suddenly called to be gondolier to stop Then, with ? charming sudden chance if manner, she said, " Now you must be at least, and I will be your pupil, take me to see join paines Angelica was not siupiTuI It seemed to be a very rum ii impulse She did not know that a whole household waiting while they deliberately walked from morn to 100111 m noble company Gods and hunts, allegories in white \- still, Arotuee i sing the way and all the pomp, all the splendor of life, is there and then they come to a a vast room fail of present, past and of cattle c V everyone is explaining a fresco on the wall " This picture represents the entire human race and the kingdom of Heal on, thesis, lin to set painted it when he it is seventy five tons of "Don't listen to him, said Angelica, " you will not case for this c mc will mc And the two figures pass on At last this, paradise of 1 interest is so strange that no wonder the lovely world outside the bt fateful coin to aid, the flying buds, and dust nig A'ciiutitin-, the great golden September, seem to he neill j to those who are basking in its sweetness Buttheicaittho-iovvhobydegtceswith pain and some self-denial climb in spirit to the strange cow tied place too oils which old Tin tea ex s mighty soul was bent His his painted in purse and a plume in the face of a soul which is just coming out into this fact it wanted It is ending in sudden pools and gleams of pe leo VI ii j Mother above, turning to her son, with outstretched arms, and pointing to them all with tender mother hood In the great eventful turmoil a man sits absorbedly book a cabin), unmoved Angels, with noble wings, take stately flights, nose and across the darkened cure Afu away j re cesses up rises in and mee Tintoretto power is that if a Goethe or a Shakespeare , he paints what he sees what is now and over shall be while this world exists Would you have the Rev dations of line might! mine, let us feel a Angelica and his pupil into a side room, mine by a window that looks into a court hangs a picture that may well dim in them by its tender divining like grace Al life holds out his languid hand Bacchus lists but these Half a fleeting dream, half vision , almost here, almost thee upon the way all the pieces of lectured to (do it into then v or j heart" Peace saw the horizon, while the was under full tide of 1 ii o vi is told how It feeling beseeching Ailiduc-tilldei, passionless, pitiful Pity was the, sounding painted upon the line mony and the silence The) number of them moved nor spoke The latter lady stood absorbed, and her thoughts travelled away, of it, far from the pictures, while Angelica, with her tonsil anning blue eyes, looked it has for sympathy and for pushed open once "line must be love-the \eiyspnitof fine feeling and sentiment is cried the girl "Do you think so ? said L lily was " I do not think she Jones had much , she is still thinking of Theseus "But sentiment is, whether people feel it or not,' said Angelic i As she spoke a great clock began to strike, and some bad (Is it her red past the window, casting their shadows across the picture ' Aly dun child, said the Ambassadress suddenly becoming a grand lady again , we must not in rate is increasing upon sentiment Come, let us go back to the gondola As they went downstairs, they met Antonio, with his color box under his men , he would have passed them without new one, but Angelica smiled and kissed her hand AA'licnthey lunched Hit gondola, the Ainbissadiesssink down with a high ' There is thntgeiilleman again," said Angelica looking back The mysterious stranger was just stepping into his g and from the steps of the Piazza IT is he seen in the palace , she had not seen him the of the lagoon stocks easier The h not y ei tree i tected defend tunity daddy I pulled hue uue\p< of th Thoma whole was u needs, gener I wore I stones ucqu u the ex comm i cached mount bered whole hands Bellis Miles side in the i and 1 distill a role given when first, a nice coat of As a de aggie i es v up for up for mum 'sister mind ment motor sell it was a doors taken T h The and funeral A fete was 1 other agents mole hand them Iii d in a th suit 1 Hil Mick He was sides lClll tary slice them TI lion miss I can be had come MIHI was him out! pool less self 