???? ? /;:. ?; ; ^bCEZLM.' ]? ' Ebtioenob.— Albert Smith's (lif.erary signQ tare — 'Ai S.'— was oncp shown tor-DouglsB Jcr rold, at whioh tho wit remarked, .'Ah, that'o a follow who nover tells moro than two-thirds of tbe truth.' ; ?? , Men who travel bnrofootod around o newly« carpeted room often find thomeelres on tho wrong took. . : Cettshbd Ottt. — In a Montana newspaper there lately appeared the following: — 'Anum^ ber of deaths nre unavoidably postponed.' ' Smitten with a Woman.- — Atkins eays ho was never smitten by but one man's 'wife. Ho was the man himself, and she smoto him with a rollin-pin. An oiiD Pboyerb at Fattit. — Jollyboy re« marks that he has often heard the proverb, 'A friend in need is a friend indeed,' but ho can't see tho point of ii. He has a friend in need who is always borrowing money of him. . ' How nre you getting on at your new place ? ' oBked a lady of a girl whom she had recommended for a situation. ' Very- well, thank you,' answorod tbo gii 1. ' I'm glad to hear it,' said tho lady ; 'your employer is a Tory nico poraoj, and you cannot do too muoh for her.' ' I Jon't mean to, ma'am,' wns the innocent reply. ?' Pat's Last. — A gentleman, seeing on Irish« ' man Btoggering home from a fair, observed to him, — ' Ah,_Pat, I'm afraid you'll find the road you're going is rather a longer one than you think.' ' Sure your honour,' replied Pat, 'it's not the length of the road I care about ; it's the breadth of it that's destroyiu' me.' A Smakt Youth. — Queeuie (reading)— 'What does s o-t-to v-o-c-e mean, ma, dear?' Ma (to son) — ' Now, George, you say you are getting along well at school ; Bee if you oan inform your sistor.' Young Etonian (with dignity) — 'Why, you little stupid ; surely you know sotto is Latin for sot, and voce is voice. So, of course,, it moans Bpoken in a drunkard's voice — -indistinct ! ' ,. . A Consebtative. — There is said to be 'a lending citizen' in a Massachusetts town, who, having heard the church committee discuss whether it.was better to have two or three aisles, in their new ohuroh, broke in with — ' Wai, you may. talk about your new kinds of ile iib much as you're, a mind to, but I nevor yot aoe any ile. or gas that is as good as the old-fashioned lamp, .ile.': . . ? Cboss Questions and Crooked Answbbs.. ' — At a fashionable dinner-party the guests had . just seated themselves at table, and were rapidly 'helping.- themselves to the oyBters, plates con taining a dozen -of which had been placed between every two persons, when the hostess ?began to talk to the gentleman next to her of hiB- sons, one of whom he had recently lost through an accident. ' You still have six left, however, she said, in a voice of condolence. 'Yes,' replied the gentloman, with an ox quiBite smile, thinking that the oysters were referred to ; ' but four1 belong to my neigh bour.' A Fat Hamlet. — An eooentrio amateur per former of the character of Hamlet was so im prrssed with a belief— derived from the passage, ' He's fnt and scant of breath' (Mantlet, aot'v., bo. 2) — iu the Danish prince's obesity that*he persisted, in spite of all roinonBtance, in stuffing for the part, and actually appeared before his wondering audience artifically awollen to the proportions of a Falstuff. The opening scenes passed ofTwith somi» tiltering, but, when tbe afflicted Hanilet arrived at tho firBt soliloquy, and, reposing bis hands upon his temporary paunch, began, with stolid solemnity, to drawl out — . . ?? o tnot this too- too solid fleah would melt, luaw, and resolve itaelf into'a dew,' the astonishment of the spectators reached its chmax, and merged into such inextinouishable roars of laughter a,, to render the continuance of the play impracticable ; TnAT TebbibIiE. Chtdd.— a lady who wbb urging Borne friends to dinner felt disputed when her eight-year old son c&me; in and say ' Mre. Jones says she can't spare no bread, ana Mrs. Fox nint to home, so I didn't get any butter.'! The friends thought they had better dine elsewhore, and the lady thought so too tbut sbo taught that boy that the way of the ransgressor was hard. An Irishman, being recently, on trial in New ?York for Bomo offence, ploaded ' Not guilty,' and, the jury boing in the box, the district attorney proceeded to call Mr. JTurkisson as a witness. With the utmost innocence Patrick turned his faoo to the judge and said, 'Do I understand, yer honour, that Mr. Furkissou is to be a witness foreninst me ? ' Tbe judge said dryly, ','. It seema so.' ' Well, thin, yer honour, I plade guilty sure, if yer honour plaise— not because I'm guilty, for I'm as innocent as a Buckin' babe, but jiafc on account of saviu' Mis her FurkisBon's sowl.' ' Thp.t Webe not Pivided.— There was iome thing lovely about them even in death. It was 'on a Kansas prairie, ond they lay side by Bide. Thom's thumb in Jack's loft eye, and Jack's ''revolver pushed into Tom's right oar. They had fit it out.' An AaanAVATiNa Woman. — A Berlin man rolled 1ub wife down Ibe cellar and locked tbe door. The married men all said he bad done 1 just right'. Cause : She insisted on having a new' monument fer her first husband, ond wanted one of those zinc affairs thnt are ' so fashionable, you Vno\t.'— Milwaukee News. ? : 'When leaving Paddington station, on 12th, the' Earl and Counteas of Dudley loBt a dressing case containing jowellory worth £13,000;. a reward of £1,000 is offered. , An Irish ghost Btory has generally something to-do... with the banshee, or death worner, but a supernatural inpident which is said to have ocourred in the wilds of Korry lately is suffi ciently thrilling, although the apparition con cerned had no hereditary standing. It seems that a woman roeiding in Glonfleak recoived a ,call from the spirit of her husband, a ' man of the farming class, dressed in a shroud and whito ''stockings and gloves.' Tho farmer in white gloves stated that Bince his doath, some months back, although be ought to bo in heaven, he was detained elsewhere on aocouut of owing a sum of £15 lo friends of his, and hp begged of hia wife to give him tbe monay. The woman in full faith handed him £10, and promised to bring him the rest iu a few days if he came for it. Meanwhile b!io went and told the prieBt tbe circumBtances of the cane, and this gontleman aotod very differently from tho olorioal monitor of Micky Free, who may be remembered by the roadora of ' Charles O'Malloy,' Whon tbe ghost in oompleto burial costume arrived for the bank-note ho was at once removed by a couple of police, and proved, ns ghosts do in our day, to bo a moro protondor, ploying a part, who will have to answer for his misconduct boforo a magistrate. Thoro was a touoh of real dramatic cunning in the fashion ia whioh tin's rogue tried to impose on the simple widow. Tho shroud, the stockings, and, above all, the glovoa, ivore at once recognised by the poor woman os the most fitting garments for her huBb»nd, ob tboy were the laBt in whioh ehe bad seen him. If bo had presented himself in the moro questionable guise of a. flannel jacket and corduroys sho1 might have wondered how he contrived to procure p, , change of working clothos. Horo is a hint for spiritualists who bavo , Bome difficulty in reconciling conorote .flouncos with. ghoatly phantoms. The Glenfleafc . Ghost -litiB not solved the problem, but hiB rigid , adherence to oharnel properties ought to be a lesaon to thpae .whq.repreaent spirits in shooting oottts'o'r Walking droBBeB,-^- Daily Nws, 