TRAGEDY IN FLINDERS-LANE. A shocking tragedy, was enacted in Flinders-lane last evening. A man named John Makiwitz, stated to be a native of Dantzic, and about 42 years old who, it is said, at one time kept the Empire Hotel in Hotham, but had" latterly been employed in some capacity at St. George's Hall, and washing very straitened circumstances, was 'married a, year ago yesterday to a young woman, but they did not live happily together. The woman, who is rather good looking, states that he was very jealous of her, and ill-treated her soon after marriage and subsequently. They lived together, however, till about a week ago, when the woman ran away from him, and took a house at 135 *' Little Flinders-street east, not far from the ' Detective-office. It appears from what follows that the woman gave him cause for jealousy, and that brooding over this he came to the determination to kill himself in her presence, in order that she might ever after be haunted by the horror of his death Yesterday morning he went to his wife's t house and got a sovereign from her, for the purpose, as he said, of taking out of pawn a greatcoat and some shirts preparatory to going up, the country with a hawker., but in reality it appears for the purpose of buying a pistol and ammunition with which to kill himself. The woman was very much frightened by his mander then. At about 6 o'clock in the evening he returned and knocked at the door, and was let in by a little boy, who, after opening the door. ' went out the back way. The man walked into the bedroom where his wife was, and looked at her in such a terrible manner that she crouched against the bed, and implored his mercy. He struck her, and then showed a pistol, and pointing out that he had twisted round his finger a lock of the woman's barr, pushed her suddenly baokVvard upon the bed. She screamed, and at the same instant felt something like a puff of wind pass over her head, a loud explosion, and fainted. On recovering she saw the man lying dead across the bed in a pool of blood, and his brains scattered over the bed and floor. She gave an alarm, and Constable Slattery being fetched by a boy, went to the place. He found the man lying on his back on the floor in a pool of blood, the left side of his head blown away, and his brains scattered about The sight was a horrible one. The man seemed to have fired the pistol into his mouth. His left eye, the left side of his face and head, and all the inside of the head, were blown away, and the bulk of the brain was lying in a lump in the centre of the bed. Beside his left-hand was a small single-barrelled pistol, and near his right hand was a letter. The wife of the J deceased, Alice Makiwitz, said that the man I tried to shoot her first, but from the contents of the letter it does not appear that he had any intention of killing her, but that he succeeded in doing exactly what he wished, namely, shooting him self over the woman's living body. The woman said the man's name was Mankoviçb, but the name was spelt by the police as given above. Below is given a copy of the letter as near as it could be published. The writing was very shaky but tolerably distinct, and the errors in grammar and spelling were much less than might have been expected, considering that the writer was a foreigner. : It contains allusions to his wife's immoral relations with men, whose names are not given below for obvious reasons. Some of the context also has been omitted, being hardly fit for publication. It will be observed that the writer refers to the day of his wedding and his burial, no doubt alluding to the fact that yesterday was the anniversary of his wedding-day. The reference to the detective force apparently alludes to the fact that the woman lived near (the Detective-office. The letter runs thus:- December 17, 1875. I write this in my proper senses, and I intended to kill myself to- day some way. My wife left me last week through the interference of the following women and men:- [The next sentence is incoherent] Prostitution is the best carried on most successful carried on, under the very nose of the police, as the detective force is an example. . . . I don't sign my name. It will be found out soon enough. I have no money, and I intended to blow my brains out over my wife's living carcase (1), that she always may remember my ¡?) in that beautiful! life she and her companion are seeding, and may the course <?) of iodine on here t?). that, she shall have the mangled body of myself always before herself, and if my ghost he shall hurt. her and drive her to madness, and the worst I wish here (?) [The remainder was written so that it could not be known which portion read first] I got £1 from my wife and I paid 4s. for a pistol in Cleeland's. I return the rest to her after paying for powder and shot I see her at my wedding. day and my byrrial (?) I wish to be hurried (?) with the lode of hair on my finger. .... I leave my lodg- ing now 10 a.m., to go and see my cursed wire to get some money, the first and lost to buy a pistol, and return to her, take her in my arms, and scatter my brains over her cursed coreas. Amen. N.B. My wife's name was Alice Buckley, and you will find from her, her brother is an old policeman, and living, I believe, in Dandenong, Oakleigh, Ferntree Gully, or Sale (Gippsland) at present I believe. J. M. it married December 17, 1874 ; died by his own hand December 17, 1875 : order for a grave stone." The tragic event naturally caused considerable excitement in the neighbourhood, and a great many people assembled in Flinders lane and wished to see the corpse, but the police in charge of course admitted no one except those who had business in the place. The body remains at the house pending an inquest 