J Tims OF NEWS. , we are glad-to say ;that; the .long-wished for change lias taken place in the weather. On Thursday morniug at abmit'4'o'cloek, the clouds which liad been gathering all night, broke, atul a steady rain descended, wliich continued till the evening of that day. Since then avo have had chilly weathur, which is gradually becoming hot again. The rain haypily, lias been general in this dis trict, the vesult being that the country lias pat oil quite a fresh appearance,' aud the creeks are running in' some parts.. From present indications we should think that the excessive heat is not likely to visit us again for some time. . By reference to our Sydney telegram, it will be sceii that the last act in the presen t political crisis, has been.the sending,for Mr. i'obertsoii,to form a Government. Sir Wni. Manning, wo are told..tried to do-so, but without success, i AVe presume Mr. Robert eon will not be so unfortunate, but whether ho and bis will stay in-power any titheis another question. It is' astonishing that the Governor should send for one who has : censured iiiin, but, however, there' may bo an explanation for thiswhich will yet be . known. ,• , We are informed that the election of Mayor for the ensuing year, will take place ■ oil Monday next, at 3 o'clock p.m., in the Council Chamber. Kumour has named two or three gentlemen as likely men to sit at' the head of the Alderman's table.. Whether there is any truth in the reports, we cannot say, but wo feel sure that considering the way matters have been" conducted of Jato, the representatives of the interests of the Borough, will exercise caution-aud- judgmeiit • in making their selection. It is not our: • place to dictate to the Council, and we should lie sorry to do so, but we feel it is oiu\ duty. to advi3e that proper care be taken in elect-'" iug the; Mayor for the year. -Audi, we believe: it will be.'.- - . Messrs. Wrioiit, Heatov and Co;, carriers, Hiinouncc in our advertising columns that they have admitted Mr. iS. B. Barber, of the firm of Barber, Woods aud .Co., into1 partnership' with theni.: The flrui will in future be known a3 Wright, Heafo j,. Barber and Co:,r!\vitli' whieli :tlie; late | forwarding \- business of Barber, Woods and Co. is amalgamated.: ' ■ . , Thbodoii ■ some accident we did not re ceive tlie'firat number of the Dabbo Adver tiser, till; after, onr last publication. ■ We congratulate, our young brotheron his first appearance, ami cuxi conseipiitionsly say^tliat he has opened lib' oyes in a most creditable manner, being good both as to form, and. ex preasinn. The Advertiser is owned by Mr.; C. IS. Wilton, and is edited and managed by ; Mr. E. G. Wiltoil, both formerlypf ttiisqlfico. We sinccrely. wish our la to coiif'reres_ every success in their new enterprise. Tt is reported that a stoppage -of the rail way works between Yass and Cootamundra, lias taken ,place. - The cause is said, to be the rates charged liy carriers. They are demand: ing £10. per ton'froni Goulburii. and the con* tractors will not submit to the extra ftite. The acceptances for the Sydney Gold Cup appear in another column. It w.ill be seciv that despite Augur's croaking the Victorian owners of horses'' have not scratched their nags- "altogether!' .as advised by the Aus tralasian'Tut'f Prophet. 'V" ''y ' s. It' is stated with, reference . to a.certaiii shootiiig,,caso which occurred-r.eetmtly in this neighbourhood, ainl in which the chief actors were a.youug .woman aii'd a youiig man once attached' but lately severed, that; the police are investigating it with a view; to have the matter settled by legal authority. We believe this is being: done without- the aid'of him who formed a target oii the oceasioii. A want wliich has been felt iu Wngga for some' tiriie is now about to bo - renfoved, and by one who lias been long aud'favourably known in this district. 'Mrs. ;\Large an nounces in onr advertising columns that she has made arrangements to receive as boarders a limited number of-small-boys'in order to prepare tliein for the Public School, 'l'li'ey will be taught by a competent male teacher. Mrs. Largo also._aiinounces that her young ladies classes lia'v'o been resumed after the. holidays, anil that she has room for a fqw young laditos as resident pupils. "W E are glad to atato that the5 ontertain .ment given in. the Masonic Hall on Wednes day flight, for.thc benefit of Messrs. Wallace, Riley, ami Williams, was well 'patronised. The pdrfbrmane.t) consisted of nigger min strelsy," songs,- tind. dances. ; The chief piirt of the former' fell' on the shoulders'of Mr. Wallace^' who phvye'd the taraUoimhd cbriie'r tiian ' with ' 'spirit ' The ' host • piece of sincim: hi this part 'was' the " Bow liolls" of -Mr. 11 i ley, which was really • guod. ,The same performer sung two Irish character-songs, and danced,an'Irish jig in a genuine Irish manner.;': 'i'he-.stnging. of Mr. Hcydon, in " l?ocke'd iiv-tho'" GVadlo of tlio UeeiVi was much admired, as also jvas, the clover playing of Mr.'Beahan, on'a penny, .whistle.' Tho duet by-tha sistfers Eastwiok, : ; was well given forsuch young perforators.; and Mr. Matthews,^although. nervous," acquitted ■ himsoif creditably on ' tlio cornet. , Tlio' Davenport rope trick', was executed' cleverly by Mr. Booth. But tlie chief feature of tlio whole entertainment, was undoubtedly tlio clogdaiiciiigbf Mr. Wallace; This was wonder fuliy clever, and would compare favourably with that of the bcst.nigger danccrs, Biicli as Hai ry Kelly, Alick O'Brien, Holly, Buckley and others whom we have seen. in fact it was the host piece of dancing of tlio class wo have over witnessed. Mr. Wallace alsosliowcd that he is possessed of no small amount ofhistriouicability intho " ghost scene." In closing these remarks wo would suggest to those who are supposed to keep order in the Hall, that thoy should eject any person who makes himself a nuisance to the audience. Ouo such thero was on Wednesday niglit, and lie ought to have been turned out. Tiik Rbv'. Mr. Greenwood in bis lecturo at Albury, give the following as a synopsis of the principles of tbo 'Education League:— National.—All children of a given age to lie either receiving or in possession'or a given -minimum standard of literary l;nou ledije—the age and stindard to bo fixed by Parliament. ' .Secuhfr.—This standard to includo the course of instruction now in common use iii Public Schools.;.D6nominafcion.it Schools.tkf.cense to, lie certified or supported by the State. Compulsory.—Parents and gunrdiansneglect iug to educate their children to be compelled to send them to Public School?, if sufficiently available, to ■ receive the minimum' of in strnction providetMiy the State. ■ Fees.—<No: fees to be charged for, this minimum, and all •subjects heyonil that to be left for. the de eision 'of Parliament. The crett'aim of .'the Ijengue is to have.every adult .inhabitant of New youth Wales able to read and write. The land office was not opened on'Thurs day, as Mr. E. ;H.: Tompson, the Land Officer, were engaged in the Court of Quarter Sjstioiis'. - The approach of Valentine's day brings^us ■in aimcuucenient from Mr. Iluuter "oil t.he hill," calling attention to bis stock. The collection Mr. Hunter has made this yeai? cuntaius some chaste specimens of the manu iaerure of fauey stationery, and to the youths and maidens who look upon the pur-, chase of a valentine as the duty of time, lie „<iffiirs sin endless variety of- beanties/for their, choice. We have been requested by Mr. Durio to state that a prize of X10. to be given to (lie senior in the Public School examination for the University in November, has been pro mised by Mr. A. G. Jones. Messrs. Haylis and Leiteh have also promised to give £5 each to the head of the juniors at the same examination. ' At the Police Court on Thursday, before the P.M., John Kamsay charged with being of unsound mind,wasov> the hnaring of Dr. Purge's evidence remanded to the J lth inst. for medical treatment. ' Two cases of drunk enness were dealt witli by caution,' nnrl dis charged. On Friday before the P. M. and F. A. Tompson, Esq., J.P., Ellen Butteu appeared to answer a. charge of assaulting Frederick Wielaitd, by throwing brickbats, pleaded guilty, and was lined £3. and costs 2a. Gd., or in default two months imprison ment. Mary Ann Soot;t was summoned by the same complainant'for having hrokou live window sashes; and 30 panes of glass, pleaded guilty, and was ordered to pay £4 for com pensation for damages, together.with 6s. Gd. costs, or in default 2 months in gaol. Tiii5 election of n representative' for the East Ward in the Municipal'Council took place yesterday, at the Exchange Hotel, .Newtown, Mr, J. G-. Gordon acting as Pre siding Officer, and Mr. J. BunUey as Poll Clerk. The following result was deelarcd;ab 4 o'clock A. T. Bolton, G4 ; 11. Nixon; 42. We congratulate Mr. Bolton on his success, and the ratepayers in having assisted to send new ^ blood into the monotonous arena* of Alderinanism. Mr. Bolton addressed the electors of East Ward, as announced, on Wednesday night, in the Ttoyal Motel, New town, Mr, Sognjes being in the chair. There was a good meeting, which expressed itself in favour-of.'the candidate. It will be seen that Mr, Bolton returns thanks to the electors, in our advertising columns, for the honor conferred upon him. Messrs. Wallace; Rruiv and Wjr.r.TAMS, announce that tliuy will give a farewell per formance, with the aid of a few gentleman amateurs, in the Masonic Hall, this even in:;. Mr. Wallace will dance his justly celebrated Lancashire Jig; Mr. Hi ley will appear in his Irish charactar simgs ; and Mr. Williams will play a comic solo 011 the violin. We, hope to see a good attemlaiioe. We remind those interested, that the Pnh lie School examination for the University will take place, as annonnccd previously, on Tuesday next, in the Court House. Sir. F, A. Tuuipson will supervise, . This ordinary mooting of the Council, to have been held on Thursday, was postponed by arrangement till Thursday next. .We.have,elsewhere given a petition which: is now in course of signature, with hfireiice to the conversion (if the reserve near I'lower dale to tho puYposes of brick making. Wo have heard some statements put forward as to tlio manner in which the application for, this, land was inadfi to the Minietrfr fill' Lands, but hesitate to give tli'eni .-publicity till we are in possession of fuller details. Whoever: is responsible for this attempt to destroy a valuable camping; place, for; stock, ,mnst ex 'peet tho condemnation of 'every one "in the town. We can scarce conceive it to be' possible that any man in his senses who had the slightest knowledge of the district, and of . the importance of this watering place to travelling stock would lend himself to re commend its being granted for a purpose by which_Jts present value to the'town would be utterly destroyed. The matter has been taken up warmly, and,a telegram has been 'forwarded to tho Minister, for. Lands asking that no decision be come to in tho matter of the application for' this : land uutil the petitioners havo an .opportunity: of, placing their complaint before him in'forni. ' As we anticipated a denial lias been given to the cliargelbrought against Hio Bishop of Goulburn as tn.the treafcment.of his brother. Says a writer in the Melbourne Telegraph : "I- •havo.beon.' surprised; and pained to observe in your issne'of to-day'a letter'pur porting to lie extracted from the Pastoral Times, wherein the situation of. Mr. J. Jones Thomasiand his family is grossly misrepre sented; • The writer' of the ' letter ! suppose thinks himself a friend, of Mr.'Thom.iS and his family, and. inay perhaps havo supposed that in giving publicity to' the. statements which he'has made he was^aeting the part of a friend, but l|o will, 1 venture to think, be quite alone in thinking so, however kind his intentions may have been.' For tny'mvii part, I can say, from personal knowledge, that though Mr. 'rhomas.Js very ,Far indeed from the position of, comfort in which lie onco was, and though in' liis Minhappy situa tion as a sufferer from disease of the tongue, which may sooner or later prove fatal, lie is an object of the deepest sympathy to all his friends, the impression , which the letter in the Pastoral Times is calculated to .cohyey is a false one, and I talto this! opportunity of coutradiotiug the exaggerated representations made in th'e letter in question. ;I may add that the stigma sought.to' bo affixed to Mr. Thomas's.,brother,- tlie Bishop of Gpulbiim, is utterly without foundation iii. fact. . That the Bishop did.not leave fo^r J3hglaiid] without rendering his brother all the.peeiiuiary as sistance mollis nower. and takina such stens "as 'seemed' likely to securehim a. mutable appointment. It'tirtltar; tliat. Mr. Thomas was apparently in perfect health at the time when his brother sailed; and that the Bishop could only, hear, if ho; has yet heard, of his brother's illness by lotter, hut as the Bishop himself is only recently out of danger from an* attack o! erysipelas, it is doubtful whether he can have heard ofhis brother's illness iu time to bo of any service to him." Tntr following petition' for presentation to the Minister for Lands is lying (for. ^ignaturb at*, the oIUco.of .Mr. A.* T. Bolton. Tho. matter is one of considerable importance' to to the town, as well as to stockowners, and as it'is desirable that the petition he sent for ward without delay, \ve would urge its im mediate siunatnre'by all those interested :-r " To the Jlonorablo tho Minister for Lauds,' Sydney. The petition of certain owners of stock and others interested humbly'uhowoUi, — 1st, , That application has'beoirmade by persons to bo allowed to make bricks on tholtcservo.situatoon the western boundary of tho town. 2nd. That through tho year thousands of head of sheep And cattle camp at this particular place, travoilin? oithor up or down tho rlvor, or cn roule for Melbourne or DeriiUquin. Srd. That, ^should such works be allowed to be carrlcd ou at this place, tU<s only water mid tho only available ounplutf place for travell^ng'stock after crossing the Murrumbidgoo for llftcen mllo3, or several miles travelling up .or down tho river, will bo uttorlr des troyed. 4th. That, them no other available camping place, a very great injustice will be dono to stockowners drovers, and other:*, should the«o works be allowed to he carried on In this locality. Further. That other brlclanakow have purchased land at very great cost for tho purpose of brick-majch';?. And that, by allowing bricks to be made on these Crown lands, a similar Injustice would accrue to them. Tho peti tioners, therefore, request .that, this land may bo reserved as a public watering place, and applications to bo allowed to make bricks thereon may bo refused. And your petitioners, &c.;" Here follow about a hundred slguaturcs, A inostv infpnrtanfc legal precedent 1ms been,- established > in , Victoria; Mr.' Heron,; . in Onstloniaiiie.'. after ft week's deli beration, li.'ia ..decided .that " vinegrowers may dispose of ■ their wines;- .ami brewers of their Itn-j'-, made from grapes nini grain, their mvn''growth, in whatever quantities they may, cltnose." As Air. Heron is nn old and acknowledge Uy able Police .Magistrate, the conclusion .arrived at by him^will inflaencc future decisions. . Tin: Central Australian says that numbers of people arc flocking to Bonrke from Oobar and other outlying placeSj owing to..pro.y.i:. sioiis having run scarce. Tuts' fi dlii wing lamentation frrtm the Forbes Times will meet with many sympathiser.-) in this districtMany households in this district are -.compelled to perform all their own domestic duties from being unable "for love"or money " to secure anything in the Bhnpo of a servant. Better for the wives to do the family washing, and the husbands to polish the boots aud/kiiives twice over, than to be pestered with sneb " lielps " as we hear of occasionally. A gentleman residing near Forbes, informed us the other-day th it ho was blessed with a couple of bright particular stars who took hid money and in return con tributed to liiakb him supremely miserable. 'Che " gal' has a musical ear and a saucy timguq. She gora to concerts without leave, returns'punctually a^S.'a in. tlie' next morn ing, and tow-rows her mistress if she looks a rebuke at her. The " l.nl " takes all the nuts off the buggy, hides them, and when reprimand d, s lys he's been trying for a fort night to g :t iiHuussed, Romwly is out of the question, but by way. of reprisal we would suggest, that if oiirfrieml owns a gm>d strong ulor.iie3-line, and could run it from two stout saplings at a moderate elevation, and then heel the pair slingwise, and then cut a convenient sized viimsncker,—and then ^—-lay it on alteniatlily'lmitil lie has to run to the river for a drink -why then, he would find his pent-up wrath considerably asmuged,'and would perhaps contrive to-do without servants until a new Emigration Bill comes iu." The following, is good news especially when labour is scarce. We take it from the .Sydney M'dl :—Wo loam that Messrs. Fowler, of Leeds, the great steam plough makers, are about to send out one of their large steam'ploughing apparatus to Queens land,; to undertake contract ploughing. Negotiations arc now going on with gentle men i» the colony, and several thousand acres arc ottered on Darling Downs. This is a move in the right direction. Whatover may he thought of steam in Now South Wales, its suitability to Queensland is un questionable. Vast areas of levclland with out a stump or rock there lie ready for oper ation. They may be broke up at the rate of 10 or 20 acres a day in a manner beyond the power of horses or bullocks, and at far less expense. The laud is required for artificial grasses, which are to be fed by sheep with much advantage to the owners thereof. This determination has hctra anived at by several gentlemen who have been {witnessing in Kugland what can be done by Fowler's machinery. If the makers undertake to con tract for this work, wo may assume that we shall see what the adaption of thostcara. plough really is to these colonies, where the land is cleared. As yet it has not been well managed, and has consequently acquired a bad uanic. Thore are tracts of land quite as available, in this colony as there are in Queensland, so that .should it succced there it will succeed here. '» Wmixing with reference to the unseemly squabbles that ill some places exist between squatters aiid selectors '..Exit's' in the Aus-,; tralasian, says If the squatters keep the; selectors' stuck away from the dams, the i selectors 'now; ami again repay civility of this; kind with interest. The owner of a large; block of purchased'land.'on'.the Goulburn; holdssomR Crown lands.adjoining... Oil.the; latter aie three dams, constructed at bis own1 cost, and to which he good-naturedly gives the neighbouring selectors access.' A brother' squatter had the other day J2,OQ0.sboBj> on their way to market. But althoughthe per mission nf the squatter had been obtained, " tho selectors toiik upon themselves to resist the approach of the sheep to this water, to which their own only claim was by sufferance. Tiio overseer of the station eventually suc ceeded in carrying out his employer's wish, but ;iiot until 4000 of the travelling sheep had perished miserably. It was from tile overseer's letter that 1 .learned these facts, aud it is jus) as well, as there in a perpetual outcry against the enfanta nates who holds pastoral. licences, to know that some selectors are neither so angelic or lung suffering as is commonly assumed." Pkrsoss in the habit of dealing can read this with advantago, we should think.-— Some persons engaged in the pursuit of buy ing and selling on commission were,* the other day, discussing the difficulty they experi enced in inducing principals to deal, aays "Mules.' In exemplifying this, said otae— " lie.iUy people are now so incredulous and so difficult'tn persuade that the simplest way is to tell them the exact truth—they're sure to believe the- opposite." "Quite correct," said another, unconscious of what he was implying. " I'vo.tried buyers that way my- ! self .several times." 