MARIE DENTON. By N. Waltxb Swam; Chapter XVIL, A CROSS-EXAMINATION. Away up in the cloBe defiles the snow came eddying down. Where rocks leaned over chasms black and bottomless, the snow fell in constant whirlings. Into gaping ravines and between hungry jaws of Btone it came and lay upon jottings, and caught upon sprays from the gargle of the sullen water below. The hills were all sheeted whiter than the clouds, the tents were all dirty and draggled above the purity that was falling. The diggings were black and white. There were ink blots of shaft-months on the sheet that lay over valley and range, miserable fencing was topped with snow, and idle windlasses wore it in every cranny. The cold thin smoke went up shivering on the silent fall The grey atmosphere broke into uneven drifts, and swept down its feathers, silently fallingand falling on theroofs, silently covering up tracks and features of country. Every soundseemedlostinthe silent accumu Iation except the strong murmurings of the river, sucking in the snow and flowing on. The diggers wen in their tents, silently watching the snow or gloomily looking at the river; Their meagre fins save out forlorn heat that was chilled on the hearths, and each dismal trees as° there were swayed sadly under the bnrthen that dang to branch and spray. There-was nothing hat slush end snow where the diggers tramped in set crouching? frdmits persistent falling, and so over all seemed'to live the desolate stillness of a forsaken settlement if now and then voioes «#iiB heard, they wen bat isolated notes Cflife which the silence muffled and flowed over. The strongest party on the MplyKi»tox, with the stoutest tent and the best outfit, had retreated before the blinding drifts from their work by the river. They hsd dammed the stream back a. pace, and drawn np gold with the river bottom, and yet more formidable banks and cuttings were to be made to catch the'ground where the deposit was widening, ana getting rich enough to enrich every man for his effort and ms toilingby the banks, "TWs is like our luck," remarked a digger ■ belonging to the strong party in the stout tent. ''Thatsnowll play the devil with us here; it ha? come motor again when it ought to be spring, and the best part oi the claim untouched/' ' . «. "Rnog hniWflntmi 'f*» acoontryjike this," hiscom^mTxmxiaiked contempla tively. I never heard of earthquakes ap& $now hsternirihg in the^Huo^ah^ be country. Ifrdany ontquiddy. Talk* iflwdigpryett ldesomewhere, good) tirte to track him. Weather broke and no work; eh, Harry f ] Harry replied again contemplatively— "He's not a lucky digger, and he'B not making a pile." "Why!" "Because pile-makere are rather scaroe. A. good many have studied for the profession, but old Fortune |only gives a few diplomas; they're as rare as moas. Far more likely the beggar's misanthropical." "What's that f "Misanthropy," explained Harry, tilting his pipe with his teeth, "is a chrome attack of laziness, with intermittent sulks.'" " Bat he ain't lazy ; he humps his swag of 401b. or 601b. over the Khorn-hill. That ain't laiy." ' 'It's working tosupport hislazinea. Track that fellow down ana you'll find him greasy and dirty in bed, with his tent pitched amongst timber one a good fire on. Laziness is the natural order of being which would have been the characteristic of the Bimanous race if the curse hadn't fallen."" "What raceT " The animals with opposible thumbs, who live by hunting each other down in various ways, sometimes in packs, sometimes singly. It's ' devil take the hindmost' with alL Did you ever see a wounded ant nipped up by a strong one f" "Bather, an'don't they do it f said Tom, in vivid remembrance. " Precisely. Some say the ants are taken to hospital; I say to the kitchen for cooking. The Bimanous do the same thing; even a cripple kicked into the gutter is nipped up for profit in some direction, and dead ana dying are carried by the Bimanous for the sake of their substance to be generally devoured by a hnngry family." " Do the Bimus," asked Tim, interested, " eat the ones they hunt down ?" " Eat them ? Eating is no word for it; they gobble them." " By gum 1 Where do they live ?" " In Cosmos." " Oh . Will we chance the [digger and take a turn after him ?'* " I've no objection, Thomas. ItH relieve the tedium rill the boys come back, or till we are able to work. When did Boiler expect him ?" Directed to the tent door by a Mat crunching and a sense of the light being in tercepted, the speaker stopped to call, "Whose there f ■■— j " Come over," said the man, stolidly, let ting the snow fall on his neck and behind his sodden collar with irritating patience, " by request of Buller. He said for me to tell yon two gentlemen what he had something j to show yer of a advantages character." " We'll go at once." The messenger still stood stolid in the snow, contemplating a feathery bank being built against him from the ground. "Boiler said ye'd give me a trifle for comin', an' moreriye knew the advantagis character of it" He expressed his claim for remem brance by hooking oat the snow from be hind his collar with his finger, shaking it off his hair, and sputtering it off his face. Having fot half-a-crown the pantomime finiabaS, ana ,e crunched solemnly away. " Thisll be the lucky digger, Harry." "This will be our misanthrope." Boiler's store was a wooden building, with the cold look of newly-planed wood; and what with the cold iron roof snow-covered, and the empty cases near it snow-covered, it would have looked as dreary as any of the tents if it hadn't been that the smoke rolled oat thickly, and that the light of a fire was dancing from the room behind, followed by medleys of words and the sounds of hilarity and glasses. The room behind was tolerably well filled with diggers, mnffled in monkey jackets brown witfi mad, contemplating the ' fire, perusing their glasses, or speculating ! through the smoke that curled from then pipes. Heavy boots with an expression of strength and resistance in them were turned towards the fire from all parts of the room, j as were the round faces above them, like sunflowers to the sun. In the growing dimness the eyes of the customers guttered, as did the bottles and glasses beside them, while showing their reverence for the Sunday by throwing dice on sacking instead of On the table, thus chastening and muffling their aspirations in view of the sacred character of the day and outside interfer ence. The most intent upon the fire and the most speculative over his tobacco smoke was Mr. Denton, who, if jadged by his silence, was as chastened and reverential as any Sab batarian could desire. The host, smoking a stout pipe, that kept one eye in a state of tearful irritation, welcomed the new comers by kicking an empty case over. "There boys, take a seat. There's a fire will soon take the rawness off, an' yon can have a glass ofjirandy that'll warm your heart-strings; eh "We'll try the experiment, Mr. Buller." Half a dozen customers then spat at the fire and nodded at the two men. It was evident that the congregation, ad Mr. Buller styled them, had been-early at their devotions. They were warm and heavy with what they had drank, and it might be that the silence of the muffling show outside had its influence-on them, too. Their stained heavy faces were turned in speculation on the new comers, and on each other, or looking into the dimness of the room after thoughts which a solitary bell Outride prompted, hack to church tollings rind hearths and voIom-nearly forgotten. The dice tumbled ont to decide the cnances df . more drinks, but the vitality' was getting so low that Mr. Bailer intimated he wouldn't object to a song with a hymn tone. Some gentleman tried "Old John Brown," another chorister lifted op his voice to the Old Hundredth, until by degrees Mr. Bullet's Bubicon was passed, and the conviviality and thirst grew with satisfactory rapidity. The lights were brought in and cards came into demand;. J'TUgive you a game," said Harry, tilting _fldr. IJenton was agreeable;,whereupon Boiler brought in a fresh pack, intimating dnietiy, "TjnatS him: keep your eye on him," at tbe samp.time shriring jua nsm, and, dropping .When Denton qame over to . the table , and aat down he deemed to have lost the, briskness and crisp-, fiess of .manner that distinguished him ait Commerflit; his eyes wepe duller, and fine! scores were beginning to show,in his face. The patch between tMeyebrows keptits furrows; always now, but the beard was as black and flowing as ever. He played listlessly for drinks,listi^slytormoney, and he won nr. lost listlessly whether -thp stakes were high or low. I comfort lie stood patiently thawing into soddenuess, giving odd sputterings ah the flakes succumbed and nta away down his face. " You're wanted, eir," said the man, with a shmg of swashing dampness. „ Denton looked np with something of hie former glitter. "Who?" " tarty in the road, sir. Don't know who. She carries a lot o' enow, too. Said she Walked from the Hay-rick Rock." He rose to his feet, patting the collar of his inonkey jacket about his face, and pulling his hat down to meet it. " Go on, Joe," to the messenger. Joe drifted dashingly out, and Denton followed. " Let's start Harry," said Tom. " There's his swag, and he wants only a point of winning £2. He'll be back presently. Yon might go outride and moon about." Tom put his hands in his pockets in wrapt contemplation of some knotty' subject that rendered his presence in the night air neces sary ^or its cool and impartial consideration. He saw them going across the road through the curtain that was sinking down , upon the white world beyond, beside, and around them. The flakes whirled and fell j upon the sheet, spread out as it had been a , rendezvous of rest or death, and in it were the two figures, one that of a woman nearly as white ss the mist' around her, the other Denton, turning from black to grey, but I always discernible and in contrast. Tom found a shelter and listened. " This is her," spoke Joe, in his leaking way. " Who r again replied Denton, his black eyes contrasting with his whitening beard and hair. " You can leave us Joe," said the woman. Joe ebbed away like retreating waters, as she spoke again. " I nearly missed you, Lowers." His face was dose np to hers in a moment. " And," without moving, but rather holding hers steadily to his, " I walked from the tent to see and warn you." Denton pushed his hat-leaf np from his face, while the snow fell unheeded on it. " What is the matter, Sarah?" " My man knows you stopped in the tent that night; I suppose he has been listening to me m my sleep. He knows you gave me money, knows who you are, ana has gone to Dnnedin." "What for r "What for? If treachery comes from that tent by the road, it's not me, you got my word." "And you undertook that journey to tell me this ? There was a pause and a strange change in her voice. "Aye, did I, my man, and more than that if needed, when my word's passed ; more than that for you, bad as you have been tome." He spoke slowly In reply, "Are yon going tback to-night ? Where are you going to stay ? 1 What are you going to dor " I start for home to-night, Lewers. Keep in your hiding place: don't feu about me ; there are friends along my road." "And with only this to tell me, you've walked that rood and are going back?" He still, with his face straight upon hers, and the snow falling on it; " Sarah, my girl, the game's not worth the candle." " I read in your voice you're tired of it. I know that I am." " If anything that might happen to me, or anything I would do, could not affect my ! daughter, as anything yon could do wouldn t j affect yours, I would lie content." - I "Thank God,"said the woman, crossing j her arms leisurely; "that's a great consola- ! tion. Then you won't budge F' I " I won't budge; I'm tiredof it." The snow still fell shimmering on him, melting on his face and caking on his beard and hair. ' Pshaw, man, I hate the world worse than yon do; and good reason too ! I have no one to care for, look yon; that makes the difference. If X hadnt something to do I'd wither. The world gives me amusement enough. Did yon bring shame on her f 'I did." ' Like as not you're tired of it alL Look at the lights in those tentsand houses; every one is your enemy. Brace yourself and get home." " Wait till I get my swag; woeo part of the way together." He was out again soon, and found her standing where he left her. To see them now, white like ghosts, walking through the drifts with a purpose upon them that de manded silence and speed, with the air of fighting the night and its obstacles and the road and its distance—enemies to them, as all else—they looked like outcasts for whom was no sanctuary. Just np before them was the steep track and the profound stillness, as though the whole world was a ghost and they alone victims of the ghostly unreality. Down behind them there were two more figures, crunching after and boring at the enow that was swirling on them, while feeling it round them through their beards and past their mufflers like the cold touches of groping fingers. " I don't like this job," Harry remarked, with his voice in ids throat . , "That's as you take it" whispered Tom guardedly. " fees they talked of hiding and keeping dark, an' there's only one thing to hide sir, keep dark on theee digging— that'smold, Old mail. He pays for what he gtote, &n;' there,rin't bailiffs" " ' here. We don't want torohhim; we want the next daim,' that's rib"' I The two moving figures in frontweemed to he gliding or moving along the face Of the track and the twobehina looked like the doubles of the first on Some solem& errand. , that had to do. with the night and the for | "bidding stillnew of this sleeping hills. The snow fluttered at them, and fought them) boulders la| ambushed against tlhem, and chasms ana. trees hurled darkness and Shadows.. : ■ Denton pulled hia bundle higher on his Does your man know where the hut is? base of his notkhowing {till stand rchingfor. Supposing be does know it, be might find thepoeitiQn a queer one," v l f "I don't knori What he knows, or how much he khdwtt'1 If Idld I Would not tell you. I only believe he has seenyou on the diggings, tracked you home* ana gone to The hub :"fe only' just built; and in a uliar priritidh,". he continued, in a low voice that tru nearly'at whisper, "which he andhislririaiap induecourse win find Out if ! fih» No i "No harm from me, Sarah, fit he woh't Um Unpli. ! ? - Then r ldpiway In rilence. and step for gtep, but hWathing hard,- .over the diffi cult tiaric, browed In by the hill that welled ft. .j ; "See thatpeak there, where the mooafs rising—that's the face Of the stretched moun tain, like a dead man in his winding-sheet ' "* Jhock atit. That big oorpee f aoe off bere. I've friends two more mikT^ wbere I'll sleep." . . * wittBofi, " This is my Way," Bald Denton, n tnmiriff ill mv road nftw^^Tn the sake of that I took the journey. T'li ^ you no more, my man, end I liked sonrfi!: end yourself till I found both out, just as r$S found everything elee out Stul that .J! was the best of my life. What a life it tnn5 have been, eh?" The speaker laughed, battheerondawm*» to fell drearily. The moon was full onW black hair ana deep bold eyes, and it mbS have been glittering upon the snow thatfij been falling and melting on her face. hnt«5 ■ glitter was there. "You're playing a ljj hand now; bo am L In this name ol do yon ever think of that year r* ^ He put his bundle down, and walked <Mb: at the profile of the hill. " Do you," keslu slowly, putting the question to himself hem the third position of an examiner self.wit. « neesed, "think of that year? SometimM* you do; not often, and not with pleasure. Da ■ you ever," be went on, "think of the wornim ■> that lived with you that year ? Very rardranS very reluctantly. Why ? You treated h» badly, end cheated heT, and you disliked W because you cheated her." m The moon was stall glittering on her wet eyes as she turned silently to the branA track. He put out his hand and pulled her back, feeling while so doing that she nu trembling. And now?" in a harsh voice, looking over at the profile which he pX under cross-examination again, " now *tm believe it would have been better if yog bad never met Of course; that is always fie snivelling end with you reckless Bohemians. Go on. Having met having ill-treated her, having cheated her, having made her worse than she might have been—which to saying much—yon find ber after three yeas remembering the little pleasures your mean, ness and selfishness permitted to her, Tog find her asking only the payment of a debt she greatly needed, and directing you on the safest path for your journey. Tou find her' travelling many, miles in a fall of snow to ■ worn you of danger. Now what do you think of youraelf, and of her? You think fide; that you are below that woman in goodnen as you aTe below her in courage. Ton would Bay, if the end of the lone hand was not neu; - that you see for the first time in yowlito some one that, knowing yon, youcooldbnit, and one to whom you could always feet goto* fui—and more. This for the first time to* Digue—never oerore. ion wouia e&j;, i» said, etill looking at the mountain. tn] speaking clearly out of his dark beui « fltaf >M« Iiavta awa* I>1ia that yon have tramped over the opp®. trinity. You have one favour to favour of which yon are utterly nndewrvEg —one which she, in her strength and tea derness, may accord von. Below the hearth, stone in your hnt there are 200o& of golf and if she takes this for her own use tus purpose " "That she never will," said the transit' with strength in her voice end steadinenu her look. "That won't she, my man. Tint shell do. After her daughter shell tinnk most of him of that past year, and of him if this night, and when he's euchred at M fiheH throw up her hand too." They stool looking at each other fori minute, he wondering at the change tint seemed to have come to her, ehe withafw as firm as marble and the tears showing up® it; they no part of hen but of the www news over which she had trampled 00 long, " Good-bye"—holding out her long (to " hand. He neither moved nor changed I look. She put both her hands out and took branch path, through the Bnow, now: upon her and lading her clothes, dashing* her eyes, and clogging her feet. Sbe tow once,and the moon caught her as before,™ on her brave handsome face, full on her whit strong throat. After that she hurried doo into the awesome stillnees of the pfeinaWi her, withone Or two shaking sobs and to* patient motion of her hand to her eyes- ito in the dreary level of desolation and «** lessness, gradually fainter and faintet ® merged with the snow. Denton looked** out motion on the weary white. He kites on the weary silence. He saw her noma Soft though fhe snow lay, the approve the doubles could not but reach him. W voices travelled before the sound of wM like a trespass on the air. Denton top? Into the sbadbw.of the .eng. ' "Somewhere hereabouts welastMvtt* Tom. They looked to toe like ihortj■ to enough. Ibefein to think they are. ItW as if the- world were in sere clotb« w* Tom, tioh , this is apt a good business, not to 1* the meanhees of trackinga.nsnBj a hound, to pounce upon him fcorkiw ajffi patch of ground,; I'd ton back Blm the way, sure as toy hames Bertram. kt]J bushed, air, or, more. oorrectty, w^a Tom, my friend, you'll sleep in wWto""J to night than ever your washerwoman PI you,, and. sounder than ever before, b* mat 6 sua oe-trae/ "What's Raid f ' . i "Qntythatpeople aleepinjg in .anw® awake again." Tom gave a start that ghook the flak*1 htm. • , . " I told you it was hauntpd. Open oop sion, Tom—that's our chanoe. ,' • . > sSsifiJ flw digger would heimooaJsp^ heads this bold nMtf U» we shonld wgard ourselves 8® ™ punished." : "It was youwhoplay evening r Denton aaia "Fm ashamed to aayihgt;,... i Mr. Denton, conri^ous1y,r-,'^ J'5,) gentlemen ^ honour npt to aa to the position or id will * you." The lo^ wen soop hiw»» »-r^, ^iwg,] fireplace, and the men smoked 'Ton mid. your namh ^ think—Victoria T' _-,t« Commerflit from me. will 