ODDS AND ENDS. " Foul Play.'— Cock figliting. High Time,— A church clock. <: A Crystal Ghobt.— A glass shade. A Dutchman says—" I doesn't like de milk I gets, i likes de udder kind. " Sekretz," says Josh Billings, " is a had in vestment— if you pass it, you loze the principal ; and if you keep it, you loze the interest." Heal Scotch (overheard in the Highlands). — First Ileal Scotchman : Can you play the fiddle, Tonald ! Second Real Scotchman : No ; nor the fluto too. . ' A November Cracker. — Mrs. Pope : " That's that young Gladstone with his dratted fireworks ! — a mischievous little wiper 1— Frightenin' of tin inoffensive old party like mo !" Helping Him on.— Oldest Inhabitant (to Ner vous New Curate) : Now, you may sit down, and. read a bit to mo, and then you may give me a shilling, and then you may go." The Chances op Life.— Old "roan (mildly)— " And what ago may yon be, my boy?" Young Acid (sharply)— "I may bo as old as yon if I don't mind what I'm about 1 " A conscientious Whitehaller visited New York. \- last week. On his return ho was asked if lie attended any fancy places of amusement. " Sh all ! " said ho, placing his hand beside his mouth, " don't spead so loud ; I went to hear Beecher ! " A Crushing Blow.— First Lady , (quite out of tho common) : Wo aro thinking of going on the Continent soon, Second ditto (very common) : Ah ! Every one goes to Paris now. First ditto (more out of the common thaD ever) ; Yes ; I dare say. But we are going to America ! Very Cruel.—" Well," says she. " Mum," she says, "as you are so piessin, says she, "and its half water, I don't mind," she says,; " if I do hcv' tho least little drop in the world," says she. " And . me that had told her it was. weak, just to set her against it." The Ruling Passion.— Nurse— "-There, dear,; you be a good girl, and when I go to town I'll buy yon a book full of pretty pictures of pretty; ladies. Little Miss— " Me don't liko.ladies ; me likes nice pictures." Nurse— " What's nice pic- tures, dear," Little Miss — "Mans'— and things." - - s, " A Statement to be Received with Caution. - —"Who's your friend on .tho pony, Jack?" " 0, only Bobby Lavender ! " " Why, that's .the boy who gave you such a ' jolly licking, as you call it !" "Ah ! ye3, hut that was ever so long ago, when I was much younger, yon know, and' he was just about the .same age as he is now." Journalist. — Scene — A sub-editor's room. : Sub-editor has evidently been dining. Small boy (from irate proprietor)— "Mr. Macfinnigan wants to see you immediately, sir." Sub.— "Tell'm I'm out." Small boy — "I told him that, sir, and lie said I was to go and find you." Sub. 1 (after a bazy deliberation)— " Well, then, go and I find me." . A lady who had barely succeeded in not catch ing aa.out-going train at Massilon, Ohio, stood S gaiing at it with her arms full of packages and her eyes full of tears, when a gentleman arrived at the depot on a run, with his valise in hand, his coat on his arm, aud his face stream, iug with perspiration. He sat down on his valise aud delibeiatcly said "Dawn it," where- - upon tho lady sweetly smiled and said, " Thank . you, sir!" An erring husband, who had exhausted all explanations for lato hours, and had no apology ready, recently slipped into the bouso about 1 o'clock very softly, denuded himself gently, and began rocking the cradle by tho bedside as if he had been . awakened out of a sound sleep ' by. in fantile cries. Ho had rooked away for five min utes, when Mary Jane, who had silently observed the whole manccuvre, said: "Como to bedj yon fool ! tbe baby ain't thero, , A minister was once preaching about heaven and, to show the absurdity of Swedenborg's ideas, drew a graphic picture of the Sweden- borgian beavon, with its beautiful fields, fine horses, cows, and pretty women, when, m the midst of his glowing description, ono of the sisters went into raptures, and shouted, " Glory, glory, glory 1 " This so disconcerted tho preacher that he paused, when an elder cried oaf to the sh outer': " Hold on there, sister 1 you're Bhout- ing over the wrong heaven 1 "—Northampton Journal. A Suggestion.— Stratford Is out of the why," and rather awkward to reach. If Shakspeare's birthplace could be moved to some more con venient place — like Derby, or Manchester, or Leicester — on some through lino of travel; . the number who would visitit would be one hundred to ono in its present situation. The extra fees thuB obtained would very soon pay, tho expense of removal. I have spoken to several 'English people about it, and tlioy ore strongly in favor of Jiaving.it done. — Banbury News. Well, it wasn't after all, such an unnatural mistake for tho dear young woman to make I It was in the Utica Advanced School. Tho happy man who guides the educational destinies of these Utica damsels had given out for a black- board exercise: " Write the name of five bays and describe ono of thorn." She thought ho meant boys, and so inscribed the appellations of five lucky young fellows, with the "description of ono of them. ' "Ho is short of stature," so she recorded him, " with red curly hair, large head, plump hands, and goodly-sized feet." The Bay of Fundy and Botany Bay, . and other celobrated sheets of water, mifsed it; but we hope that boy who was described appreciated his good fortuno. She had evidently been look ing at him. Monte Christo's Escatb from the Chateau d'If Rivalled. — The London Graphic tells us that Monte Cbristo's escape from tbo sack in which he was flung into tho sea from tho Chateau d'lf has been imitated by an ingenious Persian. Having incurred tho displeasure of a high func tionary at Sliiraz, Mohammed Mirza was con demned to bo fastened up in a sack with a viper, a cock and a cat, and, aftor an hour'u time, when this happy family had improved their acquaint ance, tho sack and its contents wero to be thrown into tho river. Fortunately for Moham med Mirza, his executioners forgot to search his pocket — which contained a small knife. Directly the mouth of tho sack was closed npon liim and his companions, he cut in half tho viper, which was already encircling his leg ; tbo cock and the cat wero next dcspatchod, and our Persian occu pied tho remainder of his hour by simulating a violent fight of tho three animals, and giving forth tho most oxcruciating cries of agony. Ia duo time sack and all wero consigned to tho water, and then Mohammed Mirza, speedily freeing himsolf from the prison, gained tho other side of the river, and came post-haste to Europe, for the future a voluntary oxile from his father land. The Duke of Somerset on Infallibility.- The Duko of Somerset presided lately at a dinner at Totnes, and, proposing "Tho health of the Bishop of Exeter and his clergy," referred 'to the discussions about the Vatican decrees, nnd ' said tho letters ho had lately been reading, on that subject took back his mind to matters of history of which he read some timo ago. I recollect (he said) reading in Bishop Burnet's History that when ho went to Rome he called upon Queen Christina, who was a very remarkable lady. She had adopted the Roman Catholic faith, having been a violent Protestant, and the daughter, of the great Protestant defender of Euro; e, and she had lived tweuty years in Rome. Bishop Bnrnet, who wus rather a busybody, called upon Chris tina to inquire how it was she had come to be lieve in the infallibility of tbo Pope. The Queen did not refuso to answer him, but, on the con trary, was quite ready to discuss tho matter. She did not think much about infallibility, but she had an idea that somehow or other the Popo had supernatural assistance, because, said she, " I have lived here a long time now, and have known four Popes, and they were all four such consum mate foolB that if they had not had supernatural assistanco I don't see how they could have, got on." If Queen Christina had lived iu these days I think she would have said there were still in stances of consummate folly on tho part of tho Popedom, but at the same time she would have expressed her doubts whether the supernatural assistanco had not been withdrawn. The Infallibility of Punch.— Mr. Bunch has lately, with astonishment and indignation, beheld a fallen statesman, and other wretches, come forward likovipers and deny his infallibility. Tho infallibility of Bunch was always a doctrine maintained by every rational person. It has now been formally added to the Articles of tho British Faith. Everybody, except outright heretics, bad all along believed in the infallibility of the British Public, with Punch at tho head ofit> united in a General Meeting. About four years ' ago, a General Meeting of the British Public, sit ting at tho Bunch Oflice, under the direction of Punch, solemnly declared Mr. Punch, person ally, per se, apart from all assessors, to be dis tinctly infallible on his own hook whenever he. speaks out of his arm-chair. Consequently Punch has only to get into his arm-chair and speak, in order to bind everybody to believe and do what ever ho pleases. For the infallibility of Punch oxtends over the whole domain of both faith and morals ; and Mr, Punch would particularly like anybody to tell him what question of conduct ox belief that doeB not include. Particularly as the prerogative ol infallibility enables him to define his own, and renders him the only person who can. Now, if Punch is not infallible, so neither is. nor ever was, a General Meeting; and infal- jibility is all humbug. There is an end to the idea of infallibility, and an end to everything. ButPunch ia infallible, and whoever says ho is not let him look out ! One of these days Mr. Punch may think fit to declare his divine right to the temporal sovereignty of Fleet-street as a dogma. Then that dogma will also have been added to the British Faith. And of course all true Britons will, as in duty bound, obey Punch rather than the Lord Mayor. Mr. Punch has been very much disgueted with tbo declaration, made by those who ought to know better, that if he were to promulgato from Lis own arm-chair any edict which mankind might presuinoto think . preposterous, it would be paid every respect and no attention. The adders, cobras, cockatrices, and. all the other venomous reptiles crying "No Punchery !" aro answered by Punch's half hearted apologists with the sneaking admission, "NoLogic;" which Punch indignantly disclaims; for logic is his own hobby, which ho never hesi tates to ride from his own premises at any fence, ; or over any obstacle, and does not care a straw down what precipice it may carry him. 