The New Land Act. As Act to amend the Law relating to the Alienation of Crown Lands, assented to September 10, 1875. Preamble Whereas it is desirable to amend the law relating to the alienation of Crown lands and to extend the area allowed to be selected as homesteads Be it enacted by the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty by and with the advice of and consent of the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly of Queensland in Parliament assembled and by the authority of the same as follows? 1\. Provision in case of lessees who have heretofore become insolvent If the estate or interest of any lessee of land under the fifty-first section of The Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1868 shall have heretofore passed by operation of law to any assignee or trustee under the provisions of any laws for the time being in force relating to insolvency such assignee or trustee shall upon proof being made to the satisfaction of the Governor in Council within two years from the passing of this Act that the several conditions required by the said Act have been performed in respect of such land either by the lessee or such assignee or trustee or partly performed by such lessee and completed by such assignee or trustee and upon payment of the balance of the ten years rent and deed fee be entitled to a deed of grant of such land in fee simple. 2 Provision in case of future insolvency.? Whenever the estate or interest of any lease of lands under the provisions of the said fifty-first section of the said Act shall hereafter pass by operation of law to any such trustee such trustee shall upon proof being made to the satisfaction of the Governor in Council within two years from the date of adjudication that the several conditions required by the said Act have been performed in respect of such land by the lessee or such trustee or partly performed by the lessee and completed by such trustee and upon payment of the balance of the ten years rent and deed for be entitled to a deed of grant of such land in fee simple. 3\. Condition of residence dispensed with in certain cases. Whenever any lessee of any land under the provisions of the said Act who resides personally and bona-fide thereon or any owner in fee of any land which if it had not been alienated from the Crown would be country land who resides personally and bona-fide thereon shall have selected any other country lands within a distance of fifteen miles from his said residence he shall in such case but for so long only as he shall continuously and bona-fide reside on the first mentioned land be exempt from the condition of residence in respect of such last mentioned lands Provided that such exemption shall not extend to any selections of greater area in the aggregate than one thousand two hundred and eighty acres inclusive in the case of a lessee of the selection whereon he so resides. This section shall apply to selections made before the passing of this Act as well as to selections that may be made hereafter. 4\. Certificates or partial fulfilment of conditions may be granted sAt any time during the currency of a holding by conditional selection under the said Act the selector may apply to the commissioner for a certificate of fulfilment of conditions up to any particular period and upon its being proved to the satisfaction of the commissioner that the conditions have been so far complied with he shall issue a certificate to that effect the production of which at any future time to the commissioner or the entry whereof in the office records shall be sufficient proof of compliance with the conditions up to the date therein specified. 5\. Homestendselcctionsmnybemadeby infants of eighteen. Notwithstanding anything in the said Act contained to the contrary any person who is of the age of eighteen years and who is not otherwise disqualified in that behalf may make a selection under the provisions of the seventy first section of the said Act And the said seventy-first section and the seventy-third section of the said Act shall respectively be amended and shall hereafter be read as if the word " eighteen were substituted for the word " twenty-one" in the said sections respectively. 0\. Foregoing part of Act to be deemed an amendment of 31 Vic. No. 46. The foregoing part of this Act shall be read and construed with and be deemed to be an amendment of the said Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1868. 7\. Area for homesteads extended to 640 acres. The total area which may be selected by any one person under the provisions of The Homestead Areas Act of 1872 is hereby extended to six hundred and forty acres and the sixth section of the said Act shall be amended and shall hereafter be read as if the words " Six hundred and forty were substituted for the words three hundred and twenty" therein. 8\. Certain homestead selectors may make further selections. It shall be lawful for any person who shall have made a selection of land under the provisions of the laws relating to homesteads and who shall have obtained a deed of grant of the land so selected to make one further selection within a homestead area anything contained in the said Acts to the contrary notwithstanding Provided that the aggregate area of such further selection together with the original selection shall not exceed six hundred and forty acres. l). Homestead selectors may-select adjoining lands. it shall be lawful for any person who shall have heretofore made a selection of land under the provisions of the laws relating to homesteads to make a further selection of lands adjoining thereto as a homestead Provided that the aggregate area of such further selection together with the original selection shall not exceed six hundred and forty acres and provided that the selector shall so long as he filial! personally reside on the original selection be exempt from the condition of residence on such further selection, 10\. Short title This Act shall be styled and may be cited as The Crown Lands Alienation Act of 1875. Teapots have of late almost taken the place of Shakespeare in public amusements in Brisbane, and teapot drama has prospered in the Shakesperian never did. Talent has found a new avenue to success. It has no longer been a question as to a performer's personal abilities ; the quality and quantity of the plated-ware he could exhibit has been decisive of his or her acceptability. Scenery has gone out of vogue at the same time. Act I., Scene I, curtain rises and discovers a teapot, and the applause is deafening. The play turns upon a pivot of miscellanies. We have seen in former days, on the stage, performances which left much for the imagination to supply; latterly the audience has only to draw upon the faticyg?oods. An impressive delivery, a power of humorous delineation, goes for little now-a-days. intelligent audiences flock to admire an artist's coffee pot, to criticise the scope of his or her pickles, and to read over the humors of a bar of soap. Comedy is represented by the allotment to a spruce gentleman of a 2cwt. bag of flour, and the audience is convulsed by the genial wit involved in the presentation to a blushing shoemaker of a tin of sardines. There is at least the charm of novelty in this intellectual form of entertainment, and we don't see why it should not be wedded to the legitimate drama. The Ghost in " Hamlet" might come on, for instance, cased in plated?electro-plated? armor; a dish cover for breastplate, a coalscuttle for helmet, a nodding plumes of feather dusters, and its features pallid with a sample of the Hour. He might carry penholders in his ears, and have specimen slippers on his feet. In speaking the lines he could exhibit the articles somewhat thus ss-From thy father's spirit." " Number 07, one bottle Martell's brandy ; yours, Miss? Hand the bottle to that young lady." " Thy knotted and combined locks to part." " No. 38, a patent combination lock. Pass the look to that gentleman at the back, please." " And each particular hair to stand on end, like quills upon the fretful porcupine" " Porcupine quill penholder, No. 27. Now, don't keep us waiting, please; who has ticket 27'!" " List, list, oh list! " " Pair of list slippers to that old lady, No. 40. " Score off No. 40 will you, Hamlet." " And duller shouldst thou be than the fat weed." " Fig of tobaccos, No. 9. A fig for the young woman, there." " But, soft; methinks I scent the morning star." " No, 22, bottle of superior perfumed 'air toll. Come forward, please, and take it in your 'and." Combined tins with the higher drama, no one could complain.?" Specialities" in JVtc Queenslander. William Cornering, a cabdriver, aged 27 years, died at the Infirmary, Melbourne, while under the influence of chloroform which had been administered to him preparatory to the performance of an operation. -....? e, ¦ 