THE BABYLON OF THE' REVELATION , . v , OF ST. JOHN 1 ' : By the Right Rev, Bishop Wordsworth. . : . Chatter iii, Reflection on the Prophecies concerning Babylon ' in the Apocalypse, " ' ' , "10. Let all therefore remember, that there is 1 another Work on this important subject ; a ' ' Work not dictated by man, but by the Holy ; 'Spirit; a Work, accessible to all, --the Apoca- lvnse of St. John. . : The Holy Spirit, foreseeing, no doubt, that the Church of Rome would adulterate the truth by many "gross and grievous abomina tions" — I use the words of the judicious , . Hooker ;(3) and that she would anathematize 3 Eooles. Polit. iii. 1, 10. all who would not communicate with her, and denounce them as cut off from the body of Christ and from hope of everlasting salvation ; foreseeing, also, that Rome would exercise a wide and dominant sway for many generations, by boldly iterated assertions of Unity, Antiquity, Sanctity, and Universality; fore seeing also, that these pretensions would be supported by the Civil sword of many secular Governments, among which the Rotaan Empire would be divided at its dissolution ; and that Rome would thus be enabled to display herself to the world in august attitude of Imperial power, and with the dazzling splendour of temporal felicity : foreseeing also that the Church of Rome would captivate tho Imagina- tions of men by the fascinations of Art, allied with Religion ; and would ravish their senses and rivet their admiration by gaudy colours, and stately pomp, and prodigal magnificence : foreseeing also that she would beguile their credulity by miracles and mysteries, apparitions and dreams, trances and ecstacies, and would appeal to their evidence in support of her strange doctrines : foreseeing likewise, that she would enslave men, and, much more, women, by practising on their affections, and by accom modating herself, with dexterous pliancy, to their weaknesses, relieving them from the burden of thought and from the perplexity of doubt, by proffering them tho aid of Infalli bility ; soothing the sorrows of the mourner by dispensing pardon and promising peace to the departed ; removing tho load of guilt from the oppressed conscience by the ministries of the Confessional, and by nicely-poised compensa tions for sin ; and that she would flourish for many centuries in proud and prosperous impunity, before her sins would reach to heaven, and come in remembrance before God :(4) fore seeing also, that many generations of men would thus be tempted to fall from tho faith, and to become victims of deadly error ; and that they who clung to tho truth would bo exposed to cozening flatteries and fierce assaults, and savage tortures from her ; — The Holy Spirit, we say, foreseeing all these things in His Divine knowledge, and being tho Ever- Blessed Teacher, Guide, and Comforter of the Church, was graciously pleased to provide a heavenly antidote for these wide- spread and long-enduring evils, by . diotating the Apoca- lypse. In this divine Book the Spirit of God has pourtrayed the Church of Rome, such as none but He could have foreseen she would become, and such as, wonderful and lamentable to say, she has become. He has thus broken her magic spells ; He has taken the wand of enchantment from the hand of this spiritual Circe; He has lifted the mask, from her face ; and with His Divine finger He has written her true character in large letters, and has planted her title on lier forehead, to be seen and read by all,— "Mystery,. Babylon the Great, the Mother of the Abominations of the Earth."(5) Thus the Almighty and All- wise God Him self has vouchsafed to be the Arbiter between the Harlot and tho Bride, between Rome and the Church. And therefore, with the Apoca- . lypse in our hands, we need not fear the anathemas which Rome now hurls against us. The thunders of the Roman Pontiff are not so powerful and dreadful as the thunders of St. John, the divine "Son of Thunder" of. Raitmos,.; which are winged by the Spirit of God. What is it to, lis, if the Pope (6) of Rome declares Ye. cannot be saved, unless ye bow to me, ; yvhen the Holy Ghost , says by , St. ; John, Come, out of her, My . : people, that ye be not partakers of her' sin, and that ye receive not of her plagues? ; Here then, we have a divine , vindication of the Church of England, and of her Reforma tion ; and our appeal is, in this great question between us and Rome, not to Bisnop Jewel and Hooker, not to Bishop Andrewes and Archbishop Bramhall, excellent as their writings are, but it is to St. John, the beloved disciple of Christ, and to the Holy Spirit of God. , , , . 11\. Some persons, impelled by. charitable motives, which are- entitled to respect, have" cherished a hope that a union might one day be possible between the Churches of England and Rome : and some, it is to be feared, have been betrayed into suppressions and compromises of the truth, with a view to that result. It is indeed greatly to bo wished; that, if it so pleased God, all Churches might be united in the truth. It may, also, be reasonably ex pected, that, as the time of her doom draws near, many members of the Church of Rome may be awakened from their slumber, — that they may be excited by God's grace to examine their own position, and to contrast the present tenets of Rome with the doctrines of Christ and His Apostles. Thus they may be enabled to purify the truth which they retain from the dross of corruption with which it is adulterated ; thus they may be empowered by God's grace to emancipate themselves from her thraldom into, the glorious liberty of the children of God. (7) Our own duty it is, to do all in our power to; accelerate this blessed work. . But let us be sure that it will bo impeded by all who disguise the truth. It will be retarded by all who connive at, flatter, or extenuate guilt. It can only be furthered by uncompromising, though not uncharitable, statements of the sin and danger of communicating in the errors and corruptions of Rome, And, of all the instruments whioh it has pleased God to give us for this holy labour of religious Restoration, none assuredly is so affectual as the language of the Holy Spirit in the Apocalypse of St. John. His divine voice forbids us to look for union with the Church of Rome. We cannot unite with her as she is now ; and it forbids us to ex pect that the Church of Rome will be other than she is. It reveals the awful fact that 1 Babylon will be Babylon to the end. It dis plays her ruin. It sayB that death, mourning, and famine, archer destiny: and that she will be burnt with fire. (8) It shows us the smoke of her burning ;(()) and we look upon that sad spectacle from afar with such feelings of amaze ment and awe' as tilled the heart of the Patriarch, when he looked toward Sodom and 4 Rev. xvi. ,19 ; xviii. ,5. 5 Rev. xviii 5., 6 Pope Boniface "VIII. Extra. 1, Tit. vii. says : " Subees Romano Pontifici, ovini humaiuu creaturai declaramus esse do < necessitate jjalutis." 7 Rom. viii. 21. - 8 Rev. xvii. 16. 9 Rev. xviii. 8. Gomorrah, and toward all the land of:; the plain ; and, lo, the smoke of the country went up as the smoke of a furnace. (1) These things were written for our learning. Let none imagine that Rome is changed : that, although she was once proud and cruel, she is now humble and gentle ; and that we have nothing to fear from her. This is not the doctrine of St. John. It is not the language of the Holy Ghost. The Apocalypse teaches us that she is unchanged ancl unchangeable. It warns us, that if she regains her sway, she will persecute with the same fury as before. (2) She will break forth with all the violence of suppressed rage. She will again be drunken with the blood of tho saints. (3) Let us be sure of this ; and let us take heed accordingly. We have need to do so ; more need, perhaps, than some of us suppose. The warning is from God : He that hath ears to hear, let him hear. (4) 12\. Again : from the Apocalypse wo learn, that Rome will be visited with plagues, like Egypt, but that, like the Sovereign of Egypt, she will not repent : her empire will be darkened, (5) and her citizens will gnaw their tongues for pain. (6) But sho will not repent, of her deeds. (7) She will be Babylon to the end. And God forbid that Britain should bo joined with Babylon ! Here then is a warning to us as a Nation. Let us pause before, with a view to peace, we sacrifice truth. Let us not incur God's maledic tion, by doing evil that good may come. (8) Let us repent of the sins we have already committed, in this respect. Let us not treat tho Roman Babylon as if it were Sion, lest God should treat tho English Sion as if it were Babylon. 13\. Many there are among us, who seem to find pleasure in the spiritual blessings, which the members of the Church of England enjoy, and to take pleasure in exposing and exaggerat ing personal defects in her rulers ; and some there are who speak of the Church of Rome as Catholic Church, the Roman See as a Centre of Unity, and would bring all men undor the sway of the Roman Pontiff. Let them look at the Churches of Asia as represented in the earlier chapters of the Apocalypse. They are seven, and by their sevenfold unity represent tho Univorsal Church, made up of particular Churches : and what lis said by Christ to them, is not to be understood as said to them exclusively, but as addressed to every Church in Christendom. The language of St. John to each of them is, " Hear what the Spirit saith unto the Churches. "(9) Were the seven Churches of Asia subject to tho bishop of Rome? No. Was any one of them so subject? Not one. They were all governed by St. John, and one like tho Son of Man walked in the midst of the Candlesticks, and ordered St. John to write to the Angel of each Church. That is, every Church in Christendom is; governed by Christ ; and , it is. instructed by Him, not through the Bishop of Rome, but through its own Bishops ; and all- Bishops, clergy, and people— are responsible to Christ. 1 Gen. xix. 28. , Let me add hero the Bobor reflections of our great philosophical divine, Bishop Butler :!— "The value of our own (Established Church) ought to, be very much heightened in otir esteem by considering what it is a security from,— I mean the great corruption of , Christianity, Popery ; which is ever hard at work to bring us again under its yoke. Whoever will consider Popery as it is professed at Home, may see that it is a manifest open usurpation of all human and divine authority. In those Roman Catholic countries, where its monstrous claims are not admitted, and the civil power does in many respects restraiu the Papal, yet persecution is professed, as it is also enjoined by what is acknowledged to be their, highest authority,— a General Council, so called, with a Pope at the head of it ; and is practised in all of them, ; I think without exception, where it can be done with safety." — Bp. Butler's Serm. V. on 1 Tim. ii. 1, 2. 3 Rev. xvii.; 6. 4 Matt. :xi! ,15. Rev. ii. .7, 11, 17, 29. 5 Rev. xvi. 10. , , , G Ibid. 7 Rev. xvi. 9, 11. , 8 Rom. iii. 8. 9 Rev. ii. 7, 11, 17, 23 ; iii. 6, 13, 22. To be conlimied. 