TWENTY YEARS AGO. An Australian Story. j Chapter VIL I Peeps' Story Concluded. The boatswain bad promised to finish his narrative in the evening, so accordingly, when we reached Mr. Geiger's homestead, he resumed the thread of his story : — 'Our purwisions were nearly done, when one evening we heard a noise which made me feel a bit oneasy. Not as I'm easily 6keered. I've heered manv strange sounds in my time, and I've had several narrow escapes, but when I heered the breakers a beatin' on the rocks of Turtle Island, I would have given a good lump of money to be back on the old Venture again. The night was pretty dark, but we could see tbe white surf dashing against the big rocks, and spite of our pulliug with all ottr might we were battling with tbe terrible waves. Then came a bump which smashed a big hole in the bottom of the boat, and -soon Ribac and I were being carried along like corks on a little brook, and now and then getting an ugly knock against a rock which almost stunned ns. We .were both .pretty good swimmers, and had managed to keep together pretty well, eo we at last reached a little rock covered over with seaweed, which gave us a hold, then putting ont all our strength we got on to the ledge, where we sat till morning, not knowii-g when a big wave would come up and sweep us clean into the sea. ' Now, I dare 6ay, yon folks as is fond of reading pretty story books with nice picters in, think it a mighty pleasant thing 'o be left on an island out in the sea. In the story books they always finds half-a-dozen different kinds of fruit trees, which grow in as many different parts of the world, and everything turns out pretty well at the last. ' Howsumever, we didn't chance on one of these werry nice sort of islands, and I remember my first thought was. when I came to my right senses, that if one of these gentry as writes these pretty books was to offer to swop places with me I shouldn't have tbe least objection in the world. ' Onr boat had gone to tbe bottom with all onr worldly goods on board. W e were cot all over, and our clothes in ribbons, and very faint and hungry we felt when morning broke. There was a big cliff on one side of us, and tbe roar ing sea on the other. It did roar, too. The big waves would come a bustin' in, like so many wolves, and then they would dash against the rocks and give us a cheap shower-bath. Ribac was a good climber, and after failin' several times be managed to get to the top of the cliff, and Bee over tbe island. I was so weak with my wounds that all I could do was to crawl in close to the foot of the cliff and go to sleep. ' When I woke I felt stronger, and was able, with Ribac's help, to climb to the top of the rock, where we had a good view of the island. It was two or three miles long, and was shaped something like a man's Wellington boot. The part we was standin' on was like the leg, and then it sloped down to a little plain, where there was a lake, and at the foot of the cliff was a clump of trees and a little 'ouse. We were not Inner in down to the 'ut, but there was nobody inside. At last we found the skeleton of a man lying under the trees — the only ones on the island. The 'ouse had two rooms, and in the inner one we found a box with a rusty padlock to it. We had a great job to open it, and when we did neither of us could reed the writing that was in it, but we found out afterwards that was in Portugee, and that these poor iellows had been wrecked on the island some years ago, and planted the trees for the benefit of any one who should come after them. This was werry kind, I take it. The 'ut was bnilt out of tbe timber of the ship. We had some of the peaches, and then walked ronnd the island. ' Turtles were lying on the shores of the lake, which was joined to the sea, and wa3 very calm. We couldn't catch any of them, so we dined off oysters and raw * penny winkles,' as we used to call them in London, though these were much big ger, but not nearly so nice, as -the ones yoa boys in the shops. ' Well, to cut a long story short, and a werry hard story it were on us, after three months of this kind of life, we saw, to our great joy, one morning, a Spanish brig comin' near the island. She put off a boat to gather turtles, and we were not long making ourselves heard, and a little while after we were on board tbe ' Boli var, bound for Cadiz. ' Our adventures wasn't over yet though, for when we bad been oat about a week we saw a werry suspicious looking craft bearing down upon ns. Ribac s.aid at once that she was a pirate, end so she eventually turned out to be. She carried Spanish colors — a flag with two red and three yellow stripes ; but there was something about ber that made us all feel skeered like, for she neither looked like a respectable man-of-war or a decent merchantman. As we hadn't a single cannon on board, we felt frightened to give her a chance to engage us, as she had four small pieces, and she appeared to be a fast sailer. So we clapped on all the sail we could, and tried to get out of her way. It wasn't any good, how sumever. She bore down ond hailed us, saying that she was the ' San Juan,' bound for Arica, and that she would send a boat on board for some prowisions, as shehadbeen blown out of ber course and was hard up. We mastered all the guns and pistols we had on board, but they weren't half enough to go all round, so we didn't know what to do, as the wind had died away, and we hadn't the ghost of a chance of escaping from the pirate. ' We could only muster twelve hands, all told, and the boat containing the pirate's crew had sixteen on board. Thev were a cut throat looking lot ot fellows, and no mistake. Most of them were half-caste Spaniards, and the rest were Iujins, niggers, and one was a mongrel Englishman. *' They saw we were not able to defend ourselves, so tbey soon made us priso ners, and took us on board the ' San Juan,' which had now run up the bluck fla^r, with a skull and cross bones on it — a werry ugly flag, as ever I see in my life. ' Captain Juanez was werry civil to us when we come on board, and told us that, as we hadn't killed any of his men, he meant to deal werry gently with us— jast to scuttle the ship, take everything on board, and set us on the first island we came to.. Some of the sailors were for making us walk the plank, but the cap tain wouldn't hear of it; so, when we reached a small guano island on the coast, he picked out the rottenest boat and the mouldiest biscuit he coold find, and then eent us adrift. ' We stayed on the guauo island for a week living on birds eggs, and then pushed on for Arica, which we reached in safety^ ' Now, if you ladies and gents hasn't beeu to Arica, I should strongly re commend you not to go. In fact, all South American towns are pretty much alike. . Ugly houses^ streets full of stinks enough to knock you backwards, dirty greasy half-castes and niggers meeting yoa every turn, and now and then an earthquake or a revoldtiou to wake you up. What a noble part of the world we Hiaglish might have made of it, and what a mess these here Spaniards and Portygees have made of it. ' I never could exactly make out what the revolutions were about, but one day Tom Sobb, an old sailor belonging to the ' Snapping Turtlp,' said to me, 'Ye see Peter, in old Hing land when there's a 'lection, tbe Tory chaps wears a blue ribbou, and the Radicals a yeller one, and tben they marches up tbe street and meet-3 and has a fight, but ia this cut-throat part of the world, instead of giving a man an honest knock on the head which sends him into the gutter, tbey use6 daggers and pistols, aud murders all they come across.' (To he continued ) 