THE REV. F. LAWSON WILSON , - AND HIS CONGREGATION. A public meeting of the members of the congregation of the Independent Church, Wellington-streets, was held last night, forthe.purpoeejof presenting a most. genial to the Rev. K Lawson Wilson, head master, in recognition of the high esteem and respect in which that reverend gentleman is field by the members of the church, in regard to the late severe trial through which Mr. Wilson had recently passed. Before the presentation took place several songs and recitations were creditably rendered by several of the younger members of the con regation, the ghost scene from "Hamlet" being especially well received. Mr. A. H. TEEKOOM then came forward, and, on behalf of the members of the congregation, presented the Rev. F. Lawson Wilson with the following address, accompanied by a source of sovereigns :- . i "To the Rev. F. Lawson Wilson. Dear Sir,-We, the members of your church and Congregation, are desirous at this time of expressing our deepest' and most sincere sympathy with you in the great trial through which, you have so lately passed, and to assure you that the estimation in which we hold you as a Christian minister and gentleman is augmented, and, if possible, elevated to a higher status than before. And it is our earnest prayer that our Heavenly Father will strengthen and up tain you by His Spirit to continue and abundantly bless your ministrations in this neighbourhood. We are confident your best endeavours will be used in spreading the truths of the Gospel, and as your efforts have hitherto been blessed exceedingly, we are assured that God will, through your instrumentality, gather many more of the lost sheep of Israel to swell the choirs of everlasting bliss and felicity. We are happy to state that but few of the members have seceded from us as a church and people, plainly indicating that the confidence reposed in you though the pest has not abated or diminished, and it will be our pleasure and privilege to sit beneath the sound of your voice, and contribute to the best of our ability to your support in the future. We have to thank you for so kindly consenting to remain and administer to our spiritual wants, and bust that the cloud which for a time overshadowed us may be as a refreshing shower to our souls, and make us to bring forth the fruits of the spirit in all the glory and brightness of the noonday sun. We now beg your acceptance of this small testimony of our regard, as feebly and inadequately expressing our appreciation of your faithful services amongst us, and may God still preserve you to remain and prosper your efforts to propagate the truths of His most holy word in this place." The address was received with long and continued applause. The Rev. F. L. WILSON, in returning thanks, stated that he could not have anticipated so large a gathering on that occasion had he not been fully aware of the vast amount of sympathy he had received on all bonds. It was not his intention to allude in any way to the past, further than to say that all who had known him in this colony could bear testimony to the fact that he had laboured unselfishly in connexion with the Church of Christ in Victoria. He had received assurances of this from many sincere friends in Ballarat during the trial through which he had lately passed. One thing which was a source of gratification to his mind was the fact that he had in no respect whatever been instrumental in bringing about the recent disaffection amongst a portion of the members of his church. Several weeks had gone by since the circumstances he referred to had occurred, and a considerable amount of calmness had succeeded since then. He was thankful to state that the congregations assembled in that church had quite come up to his expectations, and he asked their further sympathy and prayers in carrying on the work of the church. A Sabbath-school had lately been established in connexion with the church, which up to the present time had been well attended by the children of the neighbourhood. In conclusion, Mr. Wilson sincerely thanked those present for the token of Christian regard they had presented to him, but above all, he thanked them for the kind expressions of sympathy be had So universally received, and he trusted that by Divine grace he should be enabled BO to work in the vineyard of the Lord, that he might continue to enjoy that happiness as long as they remained together as pastor and people. the benediction having been pronounced the meeting terminated. 