GENERAL NEWS. The Goulburn Herald of the 31st March reports:— A fine wild turkey was brought into town yesterday, by a gentleman who shot it on Gundary plain. It weighed nearly fourteen pounds. This kind of game has been very scarce in the neigh- bourhood for many years. One of our local crack shots succeeded in shooting six snipe last week, the average weight of which was nine ounces. The Wagga Wagga Express of Saturday, March 27, says:—Another death by drowning occurred in the river at the rear of St John's Church, on Wednes- day afternoon last. A middle aged man named Albert Legree, who for some time past has been in the em- ploy of Mr. James Rudd, of Wagingoberembie, as gardener, went down to bathe, in company with Messrs. F. Tompson, and Pulver. The latter did not think the place selected by Legree sufficiently retired for bathing and went further down the stream. Legree refused to accompany them, and went into the water at the point he had first resolved upon. Shortly afterwards a younger brother of Mr. Tomp- son's saw him struggling in the water and went to the others for assistance. When they arrived at the place, however, the man had disappeared. Mr Tompson dived several times, but without success, and up to a late hour last night the body had not been recovered. On Friday, the 12th inst (reports the Forbes Times), as mounted trooper Maloney was in the Oma pad- dock searching for strayed horses, he came across a suspicious-looking character, who was riding one horse and leading another. After some conversation the constable suspected the man of being unlawfully in possession of the horses, and desired him to ride on in front. This the man did until a slip-panel was reached, when, on the unsuspecting trooper dis- mounting, the rascal made off as fast his horse could carry him. Maloney then called upon him to stand, and on his refusing to do so, fired over his head. The fellow immediately turned, drew a revolver, and fired several times at the constable, two of the shots going through his coat. The pursued being on a very fleet horse, managed to make good his escape, but had to abandon the horse he was leading. A strange case of poisoning is reported by tho Ovens and Murray Advertiser : —" On Saturday morning Dr. Fox was sent for to attend a young man named James Price, who is in the employ of Mr Jas. Warner, the butcher, of Camp-street, Beech- worth. The man lived at the slaughter-yards on the Reid's Creek road, and on Dr. Fox arriving there, he found him evidently suffenng from the effects of poison, and at once despatched a messenger for Dr. Mousse. After some time the doctors managed to bring the unfortunate to by the aid of severe remedies, and they discovered a quantity of strych- nine in his stomach. As far as can be learned, the man has for a long time suffered from dislocation of the right shoulder, which is constantly recurring, and on Friday night he awoke and found his shoul- der out. He states that he suffered intense pain, and feeling weary of life he quietly swallowed a quantity of strychnine. Such is the story as we have heard it. The man has always been regarded as 'a wee bit crackit,' and hence his extraordinary ac- tion. He is now in the hospital, and is altogether out of danger." It appears that there are both diamonds and rubies in great numbers in the alluvial drift of No. 2 Cale- donian Lead (says the Gulgong Argus), but they are not of sufficient size to be of much value. At one time in this district, at the Two-mile Flat and Reedy Creek workings, the small stones were quite an object to the miners, for they sold readily for polishing pur- poses. Within the past two years the value has de- creased nearly one half. On Saturday last we saw a nice little diamond, weighing two and a half grains. It was pretty and of uniform shape and will make a fine set for a small ring or pin. This was washed from No. 2 Caledonian. A Chinaman had a very narrow escape recently (says the Murray and Hume Times) from serious, if not fatal, injury. John was patiently plodding along, as is the manner of his race, on a little fre- quented track in the Mitta Mitta district; when suddenly a bullock, with tail extended, and head lowered, came galloping up in his rear. No friendly tree or fence was at hand, and for a moment the Celestial gave himself up for lost, but with a presence of mind which few Europeans would have shown, he divested himself of his swag, and seeing a narrow but deep rut at hand, he took refuge therein, laying of attack. The bullock for a few minutes concentrated itself with inspecting and tossing the swag, but evidently becoming aware that it had been imposed upon, sought John's hiding place and endeavoured to dig him out by strength of horn. Fortunately before matters had gone to extremeties, those in pursuit of the bullock came up. The ludicrousness of the sight, however, proved too much for their equanimity, and for a moment or two the Chinaman's danger was forgotten in the amusement of the scene. So intent was the bullock on exterminating John, that it took no notice of the stockmen, but tried first with one horn and then with another to get at the Chinaman, who all the while kept dealing it blows in the face with his bamboo hat, pouring out "prayers" thick and fast in Chinese and Pigeon-English-the latter it is to be supposed for the bullocks special edifi- action. We do not often hear (says the Gundagai Times, of the 24th March) of a person proclaiming aloud that he was at one time in a state of continual and almost idiotic diunkeness for three months, and questioning others for the purpose of establishing that disgraceful fact ; but a defendant in a case partially heard at our Court- house last week and concluded on Monday last, pursued this course. He was earnest and almost pathetic m his endeavours to establish his continued intoxication. " Was I not drunk for weeks?" "Have you not seen me as drunk in the morning as on the night before?" "Did I not give you a glass of grog before the public-houses were open?" "That,"—to his wor- ship—" is to allow I had grog in the house." Such was the style of examination of his witnesses adopted by the defendant we refer to. The fact that his likeliest chance of escaping from a charge against him lay in proving that be was for a long time exceedingly, habitually, and stupidly inebriated may account for the anxiety he displayed to elicit affirma- tive answers to his queries. It is said (reports the Gundagai Times) that a girl living near Coolac swallowed, about two years ago, some insect germ or other, which has since developed into a living creature which she feels moving in her stomncb, and which occasionally rises up towards her throat. She is under medical treatment, we under- stand with good prospects of being relieved of hei uncomfortable internal occupant. Near the foot of Mount Gibb, on the Mitta Mitta, a sad occurrence took place (reports the Murray and Hume Times). The children belonging to a family named Hamilton gathered some poisonous fungi in tim bush, believing them to he mushrooms; the fungi weie cooked at the fire and partaken of by the children, unfortunately with a fatal result, one of them having died within a few hours, and the other after lingering until next day. What makes the occurence all the more sad is that the father was in a dying state at the time, the mother being so oc- cupied in attending to him that she did not notice what the children were doing until too late. No in- quest or magisterial inquiry was held, there being neither coroner nor magistrate nearer than Bairns- dale ; there is no doubt, however, as to the cause of death. A couple of snakes (says the Capricornian), no doubt brought down by the flood, endeavoured to board the good ship Boomerang on Thursday week, as she lay at anchor in the stream. Captain Night- ingall informs us that one of the intruders had by some unaccountable means got on top of the lower moulding at the ship's hull, fully six feet above the water line, and was found lying at full length until disturbed by the watch- man, when his snakeship fell into the water and disappeared. The other was killed by the captain himself. It was twisted round the boat's painter, full in the light of a powerful lamp, which was burning in the ship's rigging, and was despatched by a blow from a heavy whip. The Mackay Mercury relates that on the 13th ultimo a shepherd named John Dippy, employed at Fort Cooper, North Station, was killed by lightning whilst out on the run with a flock of sheep. He had committed the usual mistake of seeking shelter under a tree during a heavy storm. The body was not discovered till three days afterwards, through the intervention of a sheep-dog, who led the searchers to the spot where his master's remains lay. A neighbour of ours, says the Northern Argus (Rockhampton) of March 19, is in the possession of a cage full of small birds, such as black throats, double bars, chestnuts, &c.; Yesterdiy morning when he went to feed them he found that some were missing, and he was considerably puzzled as to how they could have disappeared, as the wires of the cage were far too close to allow them to creep between them. Upon making a close inspection he saw a carpet snake lying on a small shelf at the top of the cage, with two or three very suspicious- looking swellings in his body. The wretch was perfectly quiet and dtd not make any attempt to move ; in fact he was gorged, and was in as happy a condition as is an alderman after his turtle and vension at a civic feist. The birds were driven into another cage, and his snakeship was plentifully deluged with boiling water, this unexpected bath had the effect of rousing him and he fell to the bottom of the cage, and after a writh or two he gave up the ghost. Upon opening him three birds were found, all of which appeared to have been swallowed an hour before they were missed. The Maryborough Chronicle, of March 20, says:— An accident happened to the Gympie coach on Wed- nesday when within five miles of Tiaro, and during the height of the huricane, The leader took fright at the limb of a tree that had been blown across the road, and turning short round upset the coach. The passengers providentially escaped unhurt, but the driver—George M'Gilvery—who pluckily stuck to the ribbons, fell under the coach. Had it not been for the presence of mind of Mr. Bardo, a passenger, who seized the leader's head and thus steadied the horses whilst the coach was lifted off the body of the driver, we should probably have now to report a fatal accident. Beyond a few bruises, M'Gilvery is not seriously hurt. On Monday week, says the Herald of Thursday, as the wife of Mr Edmund Moore, of Clontarf, was going overland from that place to Manly Beach, she trod on a brown snake, which coiled itself up and fastened itself to her dress. On her putting her right hand down to shake it off it bit her on the thumb. Mrs Moore came on to Manly Beach, and met her husband on the wharf. He thought that his wife ought to go on to Sydney, for the purpose of obtaining medical treatment, but Mrs Moore pre- fered go home. On her arrival at Clontarf, Mrs Moore had administered to her by her husband ammonia in doses of fifteen drops at a time, with brandy at intervals. During the night Mrs Moore lost the use of her limbs, but by the following day she had almost wholly recovered from the effects of the poison. Some four years ago it is said Mrs Moore was bitten by a black snake while in bed. The Wimmera correspondent of the Pleasant Creek News writes:—" In the Richardson and Wim- mera the cry is, ' Wanted more rain ' The last rainfall has vanished 'like a snowflake in a river,' but differently the heat has dried up the dams and water-holes. Like unto the plague of Egypt, the late rains have hatched and brought forth myriads of youug locusts, which, both in a winged and un- winged state, have cut down both old and young grass, so that the last state is worse than the former. The famine now is want of both feed and water. On selections and stations where overstocking was the rule, horses, cattle, and sheep are in a deplorable state. The first cold rains will kill thousands of them and so Dame Nature will assert her rights. On light, saudy land, ploughing goes on, but on stiff clay soils nothing is attempted. The usual waiting on Providence is again adopted" 