HAUNTED BY WORMS. BOB BILLYDAD lives at the foot of a hill, In a spot that by nature's cut out for a still, Where a cool stream of water incessantly flows, Just fit for a whiskey mill under the rose ; And there, people say, in old days (but how true We know not) bold smugglers prepared mountain dew, 'Neath Mount Alexander, which gossips affirm" Is haunted this day by the ghost of a worm. Still waters run deep, it has often beeu said, Here the dwellers alongside are shallow instead. , Now Bob, who's addicted to stoking en-gines, On both Trans-Atlantic and Scotch railway lines, And who says " Suuday trains would be sure to bring flocks Of roughs up the country to fight their game cocks"— Has often declared that his utmost desire In life is a councillor's seat in the Shire ; And having once sat for three years there, again Is anxious this coveted post to regain— But broods with faint hope and the utmost dejection On his very slim chance of a fresh re-election. So he dreams, like the thoughtful intelligent owl, On the best way to raise votes, by fair means or foul; long time he ponders, but doesn't see clear A good popularity-hunting idea. A happy thought strikes him at last: he affirms, Being haunted forever by ghosts of silkworms, He'll try to get cancelled the Ladies' Reserve— The Silk Farm—a grant that they didn't deserve. Though like" Rip Van Winkle, long over two years, He slept o'er this grievance, he forcibly swears, Being wide awake now, an attempt to dislodge The ladies would be a good canvassing dodge— As he seems to imagine they haven't a friend, 'Tisn't very polite, but it's hoped he may mend. Bob first called a grand Public Meeting (of five), So crammed, that you'd wonder a soul could survive ; A Conference next (densely crowded) of three— For there's luck in odd numbers—who seemed to agree At lunch time in feeling the terrible wrong That all-unawares they had suffered so long, Through Bob's never knowing this sorrow, until A vacancy chanced in the Metcalfe Council. 'Tvvas worth any money to hear Bobby teach The public their griefs, in his opening speech : " These silkworms," he said, " are most dangerous brutes, And positive foes to all other pursuits ; They break down our fences, they eat up our grass, They cut down our timber, and sell it, alas ! 'Tis unsafe to travel the bush too, you know, Through the worms of the Sericicultural Co.— I'd gobble them up, like a lily-white drake, Had I my own way—without any mistake. " I'll teach all these ' girl of the period' belles To carefully mind what Bob Billydad tells ; I'll teach them the law about feminine rights! They shan't wear no breeches—I ought to say ' tights.' Ah ! could I but punish these growers of silk, I'd curtail their trains and cremate 'em, like Dilke; How dare they bring capital into the place ? Oh, bust 'em 1 I feel it's a perfect disgrace. And as for their leader, the famed Sir George Verdon, His fate shall be worse than yet ever was heard on, For daring to come to this district to plant A mulberry farm on their Government grant. I'd stop all new industries, as, in plain teims, I strongly object to be haunted by worms. The landholders don't know how much they're oppressed, Or how much they suffer from ills unredressed." Then he murmured aside, " It takes little I find To humbug the green agricultural mind— So that I may no more be put in the (stoke) hole, But ride with full steam to the top of the poll." Thus Bobby the banner of warfare unfurls Against charming women and pretty young girls, And bores all the country-wherever he goes, Town Councils and all, with the weight of his woes: While the ratepayers laugh, as they see through his motives, And wish him well back to his old locomotives. ^HT" PBOSPECT.—The lecture on Saturday night at the 