MDLLE DE MUKSKA'S CONCERTS. The farewell concert given by MdUe. de Murska-OB .Monday night at the Town .Rail was a great spccsss, bpth numerically andir_i a musical • to&tbf; viefcL- The Hall was crowded from the front to the belfrey steps, and r we are informed that about a hundred Jate.oonwrs were, unable to obtain admission. Thisis a gratifying result, and tbemoreBO as ft "was geteraJly reported that Mdlle. de Murska's visitto 8outh Australia had not been a financial success. The concert was a supplementary one, and vas given as a com- \plimentary benefit toMademojeslle. Precisely at 8 o'clock the performance, of the National Anthem by Mr. Anderson on-the pianoforte announced the arrival of His Excellency and suite. The concert opened .with a flute solobyBignor^ Qiamxnoua, which though npt so well adapted,' for the display of his admirable execution as some of the pieces in his repertoire, was yet given -with eo much ekill as to leave a regret that it was the only piece allotted to him oh thfi programme. Signer Susini followed with Rabardi's romanza " Stella d'Amore." It was not a faflare, though •certainly not a great success. The' {3ignor's fine -voice rolled out scrandly in the middle Botes, but in the higher range it "was almost painfully harsh, leaving the impression that lie was suffering jfrom hoarseness or a cold. Later in the •veiling, however, he was heard to much .greater- advantage, especially in the' prayer from Verdi's opera "Nabueco," which was much admired. Mdlle. de Murska followed with the "Shadow Song" from Meyerbeer's last opera " Dinora." Her rendering -of this singularly^ erratic composition was not merely faultless, but extremely artistic. The capricious ; passages which it contains, and which are repeated aotlo. voce or as an echo of the singer's own voice, were exquisitely rendered, and, in fact, the whole was given {in a style of art seldom heard and not always appreciated. The perception of the J "beautiful,the elegant, and the pure in music implies culture on the part of the hearer. Without this he may hear the challenging voice «f nature without gaining admission to her sanctuary. Tie aria was enthusiastically encored, and in response the gifted vocalist gave. Doppler's beautiful 41 Hungarian Song," composed expressly for her. The final calando was very sweetly and delicately rendered. ZtVas also applauded to the echo. We may here explain parenthetically why Meyerbeer's aria is called the "Shadow Song." •JThe opera'iB of the romantic class. * The scene ib laid in Brittany. Dinora, a village maiden, ~ was-on the eve of her -marriage with a youngfarmer named Hoel, when a' destructive lire reduced him to. poverty, and JdrOVB him to despair. .. In his extremitythe voice of superstition induced him to believe that he might obtain immense - wealth- conditionally "upon his' observance of the self-restraining -discipline of an anchorite for orife veijr, and on Ibis performing certain prescribed "rites'at the end of that,term at mifJmghtSiLjfcbe 3Kinon Glen. He Jconsenls. In the meantime a fwrcner suitor of Dinora, whom she -had.indignantly rejected, persuades ' her to believe that Hoel has for ever forsaken: her. This "weight"of jgofi" overthrows her reason without touching her affections. She) wanders about In the. woods by night:— " All alone^iid broken-hearted, Through the sunshine, through the gloaming, Like the ghost of one departed, She- irsearching, she is roaming, .1 .. . With VcaD, 4 return my k>v£.'", ' It is during one of -these-fits • of frenzy that she sings the "-Shadow Song." It is the night upon which. Hpel as to visit the Demon Glen. •On her entrance die is still deploring incoherenSy the loss 6fher'lover,whenithe mon^ suddenly breaking forth from the clouds, throws her own shadow-upon the stage, "which in her -fantasy she imagines to be "Hoel himself. It is -to this shadowy phantasm that she sings ancl dances in ^the elegant aria which Meyerbeer •composed, and which [MdUe. de Mureka interprets so skilfully. The admirable performance by Messrs. J. Hall 4md Alfred. Anderson of Osborne and De Beriot's duet "GuDlauineTell," for violin and pianoforte, in which the ever-welcome Tyrolean air " Quel agil pie" forms the speciality, evoked an 5inmist&kable; encore. In response they gave the adagio '.movement from one of Beeithoveri's. 'Sonatas, This also was excellently performed. In the second part of the concert Mdlle. de Mar ska sang for the first time in Adelaide the celebrated aria, *'Gli angui d'infernOj" from the 2nd act of Mozart's " H Flauto Magioo." It is set in D minor and frequently ascends to ¥ in alt. Assuming, as we believe to be the fact, that Mademoiselle sang it without transposition, she accomplished a feat beyond the reach of all but a very few of even the world's most gifted vocalists. The melody, is not of a particularly florid character. It is, however, ; in Mozart's highest style, and as rendered on Monday evening its beauties were displayed to the admiration oi all .who heard it. The songstress was recalled again and again. The ladies showered their bouquets at her-feet by scores, and againrenewed tfceirfloral Offerings-after •he had "responded to " the encore by singing Benedict's,-, " Carnival of "Venice," composed expressly for "her. But we have yet to notice' another'ait triumph. We .refer toJGounod's "Ave Mpria,? sppgtby^Mjlile.• de Murska, with -s violin obligato accompaniment,.by Mr. John" Hall, Mr. Anderson. presiding at the piano.' This in our ^estimation was the greatest artistic success,, not only of. the revenmg,.but of the «ntire series of the De 'Murska concerts. We cannot describe the music itself nor the thrilling effect it produced. It must suffice to pronounce , it as intensely beaufiful . in- its touching- ' serenity. The audience seemed to listen in ahaostbreathless silence, and* at its close nothing 5 would satisfy them but ajrepetitaon. Mademoiselle's \voice, so pure and sweet, fell uponi&e; ear'like an enchantment, and- the effect .wKiuach nnliyitnH thft dnlfnany of the accompanjriDg instrumfirrtaHate., Mr?. Mas-ley, deserves a word of praise lor his excellent vocal ^fforts. In the first part he sang a cavatmafrem " ErnariP very creditably indeed, and his tendering of his favourite song, " Zhou art Bo vaar-attd-yet so far," " brought dpjrn the house" andVred&nand.; The cohcertwas over'a few minutes after 10 o'clock.' — , • THE SKRENADK. At the deseof the concert a graceful -compliment-was paid the renowned singer "by the Germans, .who made' -their arrangements with' their usual judgment and taste. It was decided that the liedertafel, the Theatre Royal Band, and their friends should combine to pay a wellmerited compliment to Mademoiselle'de Murska' at the close of herprofesaonal visit to Adelaide, which' has contributed so much to the pleasure of the jpeople. About half-past 11 o^lock a prooesatai . jfflB formed at Schrader's Hotel, Leigh-efcreet, preceded by two mounted troopers knd consisting of the Liedertafel, headefiw'the President, Mr. Armbruster, and the Gmuuctor, Mr. C. Puttmann; the Theatre JJoyaTBaridi headed by Mr. J, Hall, followed by various German friends. Nearly all those who joined^n the procession carried Chinese lanterns, which had-a pleasing effect. The Globe- Hotel -was reached shortly before 12 o'clock, 'and BundlerStreet was found to be thronged with people. All available points of observation, suoh as balconies, housetops, &c.;, were -crowded with spectators, and the street contained' several thousands With the usual good taste of 8outh Australian crowds, the people behaved with the greatest decorum after the first rush was over, and the police who were in attendance had comparatively little trouble. Tho Globe Hotel, Hamburg Hotel, Mr. Bulk's eotablishment, ana a few other leading places of business in the vicinity ware illuminated. A magnesium light was displayed at Messrs. • Taulding's as soon as the pro- «ession reached the top of Rundle-street, and ' the lanterns borne by the pedestrians engaged made the thoroughfare almost as light as day. The Liedertafel commenced by singing "Stille, Stille !" (quiet! quiet!}. The Band then played the well-known "Tanniaiiier" March, and the liedertafel followed -with ct Ich grusse Dich" (I greet thee). The Band then played seleotions from "Lucia de lommeRnoor." Mademoiselle de Murska, who vith her friends had been at the eastern window of the Globe Hotel during the whole of -(he proceedings, thanked the serenaders in the German language for the compliment they had vaid her, ann said it was the most pleasant evening' she had passed in South Australia, and one vhich she would long remember. She then threw a great number of bouquets amongst the 1 crowd, which jaagerly scrambled for ihim. -She then saz£g "The Xast Rose of Summer," which elicited hearty and con- -tinned cheers. The President (Mr. Armtfrueter), the Gondustor .(ME, U. ~Puftmanri), ifcd ~ Mr. John Hall 'waited" upon' Mademoiselle de Murska in : herapaartmetfta-at the close of the grenade, and Mr. Armbruster, in the name of tpe lii^6rtalel, the>Theatre Koyal Band, and t£e& collective friends, addressed the lady, and said to him h#d. been: deputed. the .honour of thank iogsuih a.highly c^ftedrand accomplished l^dy for-JurriigJgratified «tem by affording an «pportunity of hearing the greatest talent that had as yet visited South. Australia's shores. As they had never before received so talented a singer the laedertafel'and the Band had felt themeelves in duty bonnd to show their apprerfation by a demonstration. He hoped rthat v^herever her footsteps might tend she' would always meet with the same amount of enthusiasm as she had evoked here and in the other Australian Colonies—a tribute due to her genius. A t|>ast in the lady's honour was then drunk, and she having responded In suitable terms the serenaders retired. . J _ ' Mademoiselle, de Murska will be long jemembbred by tiie musical public of Adelaide as one of the most gifted and accomplished artists that h^ve ever paid a professional visit to the colony. 