1CASE TWAIN SOLD IS NEWARK. It is eftrdom pleasant to tell on oneself, bat eometiaies it is * sort of relief to a man to make a sad confession. 1 wish to unburden my mind now, nod yet I almost believB tiiat I am rooted to do it more because I Ions to bring censure upon another man than because I desire to poor balm upon my wounded heart. (I don't know what balm in, but I believe it is the correct expression to use in this connection — never bavins seen any balm.) ton may remember that I lectured1 in Newark lately far tbe young gentlemen of tbe Clayonian society? Iidid at any rate. Daring tbe afternoon of that day I was talking witb one of the young gentleman just referred to, and he aaid he had an uncle who, from some cause or oilier, aeemed to hare grown perma nently bereft of all emotion. And with tears in b-8 eyes this young man said: 'Ufa, if I could only see him laugh once more! Oh, if I caoid only see him weep!' I was touched. I could nerer withstand distress. I eaid: 'Bring him to my lecture. Pll start him for you.' 'Oh,if [could but do it! If yon could bat do it, all our family would bless you for evermore — for he is eo very dear to us Oh, my benefactor, can you make him laugh? can you bring soothing tears to those parched orbs?' I whs profoundly moved. I said : ' My son, bring the old party round. I have got some jokes in that lecture that will make him laugh if there it any laugh in him ; and if they miss fire, I have got some others that will make him cry or kill him, one or lite other.' Then the young man blessed me, and wept on my neck, and blew his nose on my coat tail, and went alter his node. Be placed him in fall view, in the second row of benches that night, and I began on him I tried him with mild jokes, then with severe ones I doaed him with bad jokes, and riddled faim with good ones ; 1 fired old stale jokes into bim and peppered him fore and aft with red-Hot new ones; I warmed np to my work, and assaulted him on the right and left, in front and behind ; I famed and sweated and charged and routed till I was hoarse and sick, and frantic and furious; but [ never moved him once — I never started a eraile or a tear ! Never a ghost of a smile, and never a suspicion of moisture! I was astounded. I doaed the lecture at last with one despairing shriek — with one wild burst of hnmoor, and hurled a joke of aaner natanl atrocity fan at him! Then I as* down bewildered ami exhausted. ' Tbe {HBnoent of tbe anoety came op ana lathed ay head with told water, and *ad : ' What made yM «arry on as totfcetattP' I aaid [ was faying to make flat «m foooded old fool laugh, in the anand row. And he said : ' WeH, yoa- were snatmg your time, because be is deaf and -dumb, aodasblindasabadaerr Now ana that any way tor that old man's nephew to iaapoae on a stranger and orphan like me? I amply ask you, as a man and a brother, if that was any way for faim to do?— Mai Tmo. 