FERFETUAL LEA8INSI. Yesterday we drew attention to the wide difference of opinion on laird legis lation which exists in the Assembly, and the probablo effect this will have on tne uooncii wnen the bill reaches there. A few days ago we noticed the growing favour with whioh the system of perpetual leasing appeared to be regarded by a large number ef members in the Assembly, and in this regard at least there is great unanimity amongst an influential section of the house, en both sides. Since that leader appeared in The Herald several members have spoken in the House in favor of State - Landlordism, and while others have ap peared to leok on it with disfavor this was not owiBg to opposition to the system, but through an inability to become convinced that certain difficulties in the way could be overcome. We have ac knowledged these difficulties, and, we think, shovrn conclusively that there are no evils conns.ct.ed with Slate Land lordism which cannot be remedied. Again, if perpe'.ual leasing has its dis advantages, so has any other Bystem. Member after member has risen in the House, and declared that they could not see any means of escape out of the lands of the country falling ultimately into the hands of the wealthy, and Vic toria becoming in the end one vast sheeprun, or a country of rioh men and serfs, so hateful to modern English ideas. Mr. Higinbotham acknowledged that when he looked forward to the prespeot, be experienced a " deep depression." Well, if the best system of alienating the lands wili, ac cording to our legislators, simply end in selling all our lands to the oapatalists, why carry our legislation any further in that direction? Or, if wa are re solved to alienate our lands, why do we not value them and sell the lot at once. Why should we give land to the selec tor for 16s 4d, or some figure like that, to be sold by him to the squatter for £4 ? And then the selector will clear out to seme other oolony to carry on his game there, taking with him £3 per acre that ought to have gone into the treasury of Victoria. We see no earthly reason why we should make money for a selec tor, when all the improvements which he may have made will bs lost to the country the moment the landfalls into squatters' hands, for the latter will undo all his predecessor's work, sow the ploughed land with English grasses, demolish the huts, and tear up tho fencing: Already how many Rtations are to be found in the colony, doaerted and overrun with sheep ? A corres pondent in the Western dis trict wrote to us sometime since the following fitting description of a deserted village: — "Some years ago I visited — — A flour mill was at work, the hotel was doing a good trade, the Btere was thronged with oustomers, the smoke rose from the many chimneys. Up and down the river appeared olearings, in which the cheery ploughman was -turn ing over the virgin mould, and the result of his labors were apparent in green fields of wheat. The oooks were crowing, tho dogs barking, the children were singing, as, satchel on arm, tbey were going to sohool, It was a, scene of pleasant rural industry. Two months ago I was travelling that way, and I expeeled to find— —now a flourishing township. Fanoy my dismay, when I oaire upon a scene, the desolation of which Btruok to my heart. The village had disappeared; there was only the publichouse and smithy left, and they were but ghosts, tho landlord, once a busy, brisk man, seeming broken- hearted and to have lost all pluok. Whore farms had greeted my eye, there was nothing but weed-overgrown fields, broken fences, and ruined houses. There was no smoke, no children's laughter, no orowing of poultry or cheery ploughman's whistle. Death had come upon the settlement. As the selectors' titles had matured, the neigh boring Eqtiat'ers had bought them up, and in a few years all traoes of this once busy hive of industry would be gone." It may be said this is a fancy picture, but any resident of the Western district will bear testimony to its acouracy. In view of such a state of things is the alienation of lands desirable? We trow not. As we before pointed out, there are two great objections- to perpetual leasing. First, that the incentive to improvement would be taken away, it boing stated that unless you give to on Englishman a full title, he will have nothing to do with land; secondly, that the Crown tenants would become all powerful. To the first, wo would answer by, American- like, asking another question : If Englishmen are so enamoured of land in fee- simple, how comes it that, out of soma forty mil lions of people, there are only some where about a hundred thousand proprietors, and that two -thirds of the land is held by a few dozen men? That, to say the least of it, is remarkable — ex'remely so. How is it that while farming in Scot land is carried on better than we ever hope it to be carried on here, only ono out of every thousand farmers is not a tenant ? If the fate of land is to fall into the the hands ef a few, why should not the Government hold it, by means of whioh the people become their own Idnd- lords in reality, and the rents, instead of being spent in France and Italy are de voted to public works on the land where they are raissd ? This objection to per petual leasing wilt, upon enquiry, be found to be untenable, and any sen sible man who will look into the con ditions under which land is held and farmed in England, must see its utter werthlessness. Tne Govern ment, we contend, should . be come the landlord to protect the people. As to the power of the Crown tenants we have already demonstrated that there is a natural check for it in the growth of city population whioh always follows the increase of farming; besides, we hope Viotoria to become a great manufacturing state, and then the town population oould always check the country. Besides this, we have one great argument : no system could by' any means be worso than our present one. Another argument has been used since our article appeared : that under the perpetual leasing sy stem, the selector would have to pay more than he has now. Undoubtedly ho would, and justly so, for now we are eimply allowing him to speculate to the loss of the country. The rent, however, could be fixed at a nominal sum to start witb, so that bis capital, would not be Bwallowed up, and a system of arbitration agreed upon, which would meet all requirements. Again we would point to the faot that some few years ago squatters, who held their lands under the uncertain tenure of even comparatively short leases, fenced, cultivated, and eracted substantial houses, infaot, worked their stationsaB if the land was their own.Why then should not onr agriculturalists or small squatters under a perpetual leas ing properly work his holding. Fur all practical purposes — except that, of transferring to another — and so assisting in creating largeestates, the land under the system of perpetual leasing now advooated is as much a man's own as if he possessed the fee simple. So long as he paid his rent ana complied with a few simple conditions to the laid down by act of Parliament, no one could disturb him in his holiding. Let the lands be vested in a board of trustees, and the conditions of leasing as few and simple as possible, be settled by law, and all the theoretical difficulties will be found to disappear in practice. There i sone great thing to be said in favor of the experiment on a large scale : it cannot prove more disastrous, nor end in a greater failure than has resulted from previous land legislation, while the land will bs left to us to dispose of il we find the experiment fail. Common prudence and common sense alike plead ior giving the perpetual leasing syBtem a fair trial. The limits of an article do not allow ns ' to enter more into the argument, but we claim that State Landlordism is inoontrovertibly the best, and that no arguments can be adduaed against it which, compared with the system of alienating lands, will bear a moment's inspection. A host of members have pronounoed in favor of it. We call upon them to have tho oourage of ther opinions, and to arrest the bill in committee, and save the country from being smothered up and given over to the capitalists. We will have more to Bay on this subject. Parliament will be committing a gross crime, if, while of opinion that perpetual leasing is the best system, it wili agree to sell the birth-right of the people. 