TIIE BENDIOO ADVERTISER I'UDMSHliU ininv. I'llOHUKSSlOJf, 01!It ItlClll'S, and OUU KKSOUHOESv SAtfPKUJlSr, W1CSDA.Y, JAN.- fl. 1S75. THE SCHOOLS OF;M1NES; AGAIN. • " Tilu ghost of a Mining fustituto at Sand hurst," its awntef in tho -l iv/m unadvisedly anil somewhat uugonpronxly deaigiiatotirour local School of Milium, if it bo'u ghost, is really a vory ill-used one. But having a material., entity, ;iuid being' a substantial''' thing and not a more shadow, we protest against its being so libelled. - Wo have not the slightest wish to see the B Ularat school deprived of-a single penny of ' any! liionoy justly duo ;to. it by tho State, but, wo do not admit Ihe oxtremoly superior claims to (! ) vorninout support sot fjrth by its friouda in its behalf. Yet supposing it has superior claims, why should/ a ■ MiniilivL* institution, struggling as it is itsolf with pecuniary ami other ditliculties, bocnisliud out of oxistone.i, in ordin- that it may' suddenly spring into a highly nourishing condition ? 'L'lio Ballarat Mar of yesturday records tho fact ithat Mr.*, N. C4. Etddr, of Ivikowood, had forwarded £10 to tlio school, in response to Judge Rogers' circular; and iu doing so Mr. Elder uxpvesseil the opinion that " it is: the duty i f tiio Government of tho country to per manently sustain such an ■. inatitiuion--*.is much so as a university or a State school." Wo do not know how far Air. Elder 'may bo regarded as an authority on the subject, and need not inquire, :sinc> we do. not care just now to raise any objection to bis propo sition. Bnk those who hold' it' to be" correct as applied to the Ballarat,soliooljiiiuat admit that: it is quite as soundly applicable to any other " such institution " "■■ ■ If it bo deemed advisable that a single central School r ot Mines jshoiilil recoive; the; undivided support of the Government, the suggestion of Mr. Brough Smyth, that the institution should be formed in Melbourne, : ouglit to have been carried out; for ■students from Sandhurst " and other gold fields, when they could not conveniently : resort to Baliarat, might ho able to attend a school in the Metropolis; ■ but we do not, and ■ never did, believe in . Mr. Smyth's idea. If educational establishments for miners are necessary, as wo are convinced they are,' their usefulness must be marred, .unless they are situated in : tlio distnuts in ivliich the minora reside." It was qmto right that tho lirat schools of the kind should be forme.l tu ' tho largost centres of mining population, for it is unquestionable' that it takes some: time . to organize them, and to bring^i.huni' into-, working order. There is something more to do than to erect a building,-and to'opon'it to scholars, as is tho case with State,schools, ,111; order t,; render a school of .minus practically useful. Considerable expense has to bG'grtue to hi establishing museums anil laboratories in connection with them, and in securing tlio ■services of competent teachcrs and lecturer.'. Tho'undertaking is otieswhioli every goldheld cannot enter upon while the institutions have to. bo supported11 'largoly from local re1 ' sources. But wherever ail attempt is-made to inaugurate a school, ot the sort, it should ! receive every possible' 'support.- for - tho more there are of them ;iu.the country the better; it will be for the mining community gene rally. The principal ellorti1 have un doubtedly been made at. Ballarat and Sand hurst, and it is dillicult to understand why the former should receive any preference. Our school was not formed at so early a date as that at Ballarat, but considering the time it has been in existence, it has made very fair progress, anil we have yet to learn in what respects it is inferior to tlio Ballarat school. It is true that the latter has its board of examiners, but the functions of this board are confined to the examination of persons who have received their instruc tion e Isewh ere, and to the issue of certain certificates to those who may pass satisfac torily. 1 [ere, actual instruction is given to pupils who will hereafter receive certificates from a hoard uf examiners vet to be formed. If it were at present iu existence, we should not be <mo whit behind Ballarat, and as it is, Ballarat is as a matter of fact, a good deal behind its. A scholastic institution should be what it professes to be, namely, a place in which instruction in certain given subjects is given, and not a mere court from which certificates of competence may be issued to any one and every one tint m is apply for examination. If such a court con stitutes a school of mines, it could very easily and inexpensively be formed in every im portant mining centre iu the colony. Wo do not, mean to say that 110 instruction is gi.vi-11 in the Ballarat, school; but we do assert that no more and no better is given i there than in our own school; and that it : founds its claims to superiority on the fact : of its possession *of a board uf examination. More than this, the committee of our school has gone, to an expenditure iu building ex : tensive apartments, which the Ballarat, (Jom ; niiti.ee was spared; and unless Mr. Brough 1 Smyth is a very bad judge of such things, our collection of minerals—a matter of no little ; importance in such institutions—is very far superior to that at Ballarat. We are constantly being accused of jca : lousy of the sister goldtiulu. But we repu : diate such an accusation. We have no need ' to be jealous, being quite content with our ; own condition and prospects, and feeling re . m'et that Ballarat should for some time have been under a cloud, though, as we sincerely hope, only temporarily so; for it is far from , being conducive to the general interests of ; the country th.it so line a field should ; sutler reverses. The fact is, that the ■ boot is on the other leg, and Bal , larat, iu the oxccss of her vexation • and indignation at our proved superior, , ^.ability is fain to move heaven and earth iu : order to cut us out as far as possible iu the ! matter of public institutions. There is one fact, however, to which we desire to direct i attention, and that is, that our so-called j " u'host of an institute" has not been reduced to a state of mendicancy, and compelled to ciiHli about wildly hither ;iinl thither fur ux traneons .siipjxu L in order to Have if. from perishing On tho contrary, not having in dulged in the oxtrsiordinary extravagance) which «'ii iiiiihI lie. itermiMei' It' nav iri a <-hi>r;i''l iM-fntiV- iH' ll.illarat. ii in (iur.Huint h<i V:\eil tenor iif its wa.v* and i.s jV,M'.-;re.sftui;sr with • .r.liir.al An<\ srtnS steps. It is nut in ruiiis. although monetary help would, of bourse, lie vorv aeeeptable; ami I'ni'lher, alihough it would he all tint better of a little more State ai.l lh:lu it rocuivos-, it ditos mil make such ;i terrible filsfl about the irtatU'r :U liallarat. The sturdy perse verance with which that district, ns<ails the Treasury "n uvery possible occa sion has raised for it a host of inlluential sympathisers, and no doubt, it will make good capital out of its alaevity in making known its great and pressing exigencies. Wo have not oome to the point yet when an appeal to tho public generosity has become necessary; and yet wo have as groat complaints to make as Ballarat has of want of Government .sup port; Wo >pru?umo Lint neither tho An/n.i nor tho Dallarat journals will venture to say thatStato aid is given to our school surrep titiously. ,:A grant of monoy lUniiot lie made h tho dark, and It ill) tlliirefiiro, absurd to a dugtW \VHidll is absolutely mnustroiU, to a\'or thiit' ]} lilnriit does Hilt roc.nvo " sub stantial aid," because Air, Maclcay is " grisiULy iiitoriSstod in virtue df his olllco as roprosuiitatitfoof tile borough ofiiiaudhurst." Thoi'o are threo other iilombers who are in to rusted in tho progress of Sandhurst, mid we think wo may look to Lhom to bring such pressure to bear on Mr iMackaj') who, " in Virtue of his ollijo." as a Minister, has no doubt a somewhat perploxing game to play in the fair apportionment of such a vote us that for tho Schools of Minus. If he does justice he may bo accused of favoritism; but. if the Sandhurst sollo )l is not subsidised equally with that of ltallarat, justice will not bo douo. 