EXCLUSIVE SALVATION. 'Cardinal1 Manning, like all Papists and Protestants who wish to ease off the more repulsive dogmas of the Romish Church until a certain object has been gained, has been writing a book on " the Mission of the Holy Ghost ;" and our Sydney Free man has been quoting extracts to assure his readers tnat the repulsive dogma of "Exclusive salvation" is not a dogma of the Romish Church, but only a slander of ill-speaking Protestants. Mother Church does not like to have her ugly parts ex posed, and so she dresses occasionally. " But this is no marvel, for even Satan sometimes appears as an angel of light." Papists, like Dr. Manning, whose: object is to gain favour among Protestant people by a crafty narrative, feel that their position is rather awkward when they are .pushed on the nature and extent of the claims of their Church. They feel that their position is rather inconsistent— to affect to be " full of charity to Protest ants " as " Christians of other denomina- tions," and yet to claim' to' be the "Catho lic, total, and. only, church." Hence, when they are plainly asked— -" Do you really mean to say - that the only Christians are the Papists? 'Do you mean to say that the only church jis' the Church of Rome? Do you really assert that all God's people on earth are the Papist's who are subject to the Pope? 1 Do you 'mean to affirm that the Roinish Church is the only 'ark,' and, that all outside are lost in the wreck, like the sinners in the Deluge ? : And do you really mean that, in order to be savedj it is necessai-y to enter the Romish Church? — When these questions are put to Romish priests and newspapers, shuffling begins,: and it is not possible to get 'a straightfor- wai'd ' answer; ; . The' answer is virtually " Yes " ar ." No," just ' as fancy dictates, or lis present intri'iest seems to require. . Let us first see what Cardinal Manning has said ; let- us next see the comment of Freeman- and then let us go to' fai1 higher authority than ;both, 'even-Jto jthe'official ;and authoritative documents of the Church. Dr. Manning says ' "There are. men so narrow, as to say that no soul among the, heathen, can be saved. , Tlic per fections of God, the attributes of mercy, love, tenderness,;, justice," equity— all rise upyin- array' against so dark. a. theology;; The Word of God first of, all declares, rthat the- Son of God is 'the true light tbat'ligliteneth every man that cometh into the world;' " - ' 1 In answer , to. . this, we remark, that at present the question is mot about t the heathen. No Protestant "undertakes to say that " no soul amohgithb heathen can be saved." Those who have ever said any thing like this are very few, and it will be found that they are far more likely to be' of the Romish line than of any other ; for, the Scriptures have not told us what shall;' be. the method by which the heathen "shall he judged ; but they expressly declare that" those who do not -receive the Gospel offered' shall be condemned. Dr. Manning's proofs, ' however, are singularly weak to -support his opposition to the " dark tlieology and his Scriptural quotation shows that the passage quoted is not understood by him. If it means anything like what Dr. Manning intimates, it will mean too much, and assert what weknovw is not 1 true, that every man is enlightened by the " true" light ;" for if he 'be so; then no "dark the ology" would exist to teach that " no soul -amorigtliie , heathen cari/be'saved." 1 Bub Dr. Manning goes on — "Two Popes have - condemned as heresy— ' that the heathen and J ews and heretics receive no' whence from Jesus Christ, but that their ' will is without help,, that-is, with'out- grace;' and again, 'that there is' no grace given outside the Church.' The work , therefore of the Holy Ghost outside, the Church and of the revealed knowledge of Jesus Christ' among the heathen— that working is uni versal in the soul of . every .individual human being ; and if they also receive the assistance of the Holy Ghost/ are faithful in corresponding with it, God in his un- revealed mercies ' will deal' "with them in ways secret from us." - - - - Well n'owj tliisis Dr. Manning on the great question of "salvation, outsidethe1- Romish Church." It is about as 'cautious, confused, and uutheological a statement as" could well be -made. . Any Protestant who "will draw hope ;and rcomfort fromi it-will be very clever. ' Any bne who would like to risk anything on it would be foolhardy indeed, lb is the shuffle of a man who holds in his heart the opinion that no /mania safe outside the Romish Church,; but he does not like plainly to say so. Dr.' Manning believes in "unrevealed lnercios," oecause his Chiu-ch has spoken- to him : about "invincible ignorance ;" but surely is an insult to the whole Protestant world to have it said to them, as a sort of Popish, comfort from Dr. Manning, that they are to be classed with " Jews and heathens" in the hope that God will probably' deal kindly' with them, on the ground that they are hopelessly or "in vincibly ignorant !" We thank Dr. Manning for his "unrevealed mercies;" but we think that as the " invincible ignorance" is on the side of men who pre fer their Popery to Scriptural truth, Dr. Manning and his brethren will, have need for all the "unrevealed mercies" them selves. Now for Freeman. Here are his wise and thoughtful words in reflection upon the teachings of Dr. Manning : — "So much then for those enlightened Protestants who charge Christ's Church with teaching that no one outside her pale can be saved." The answer to this is, : Freeman is ashamed to acknowledge before the: light of the Protestant people of the colony that the Church does so teach this doctrine ; and he insinuates as a cover to her, that the doctrine is a slander of Protestants. But lie must have a very poor idea of "enlightened Protestants " if he thinks that Dr. Manning has settled the question. If we were to say that there are ten thou sand chances to one that Freeman will be sent to perdition ; that there may possibly be hope for him in some way not revealed ; and that upon the supposition that he is invincibly and incurably ignorant,. he may .find grace — we suppose that he would be very much comforted with the assurance of all these " mays" So with his cursing and apostate Church, in her hope of Pro testants. But Protestants are' too ".en lightened" to be. led from the assertion that, the doctrine of the Church of Rome is, "Exclusive salvation within the Church of Rome." > Let us now, therefore, prove this asser tion. The Romish' Church , claims to be the Catholic Church. ' Now, " Catholic " is said to mean the " total ;" well, if the Romish Church is the total , church ; and the ' total church are the total saved, we suppose that there never can be more saved than the whole 'saved. Again the Romish Church, on. the ground that she is ,the total church, claim's . the exclusive privilege of cursing, to perdition any ' >ylio ' are .opposed to her, ,or refuse to submit, to. her. - - Well, Protestants on the very fact that they are Protestants refuse to 'submit; to her ; and. ten. thousand times she has cursed, them to perdition ; surely, there fore, the.'.'cursed" cannot be also, among the "paved!";' Again, the whole structure of the Romish Church, her claims and her, action, proceed upon the supposition that she and she only, is the Ark." She will not: acknowledge any, other Church. .She will not take part in any matter with other churches. She dories that there, is any other, church. All other churches are; "synagogues oL Satan." And she boldly .affirms, -that there are no ministers but her priests ; no sacraments but -her sacra ments:; : and' no teaching, but the teaching of- her authorized persons ! But more than this.;'' The creed of Pope Pius , says — " This is the true Catholic faith, out of which there is no salvation." -Pope Boniface VIII. said, " We, declare define and ' pronounce that it is necessary to salvation for every human being to be subject to the Pope of Rome. In the Bull , Ciena Domini, which has been pro nounced publicly once a year forthe past 300 years, Protestants of every sort are sent headlong to perdition-as nob of the' church, and- without hope. And in the ordinary books of authority, in the Papal Church,: it is asserted over and over again, "that no one, can, be saved, outside the Church of Rome." - -.No doubt ;the mysterious clause about " invincible ignorance " is thrust in , the face of ' complaining; Protestants, who' shudder- at the atrocioas charity, of /Rome ; b'ut" as all intelligent 'men will refuse to.be: classed as '" invincibly .ignorant," simply ' to allow an apostate - church to monopolize both God and salvation, the claim of that Church "amounts simply - to this, - -that all who are not subject to the " old blas phemer at ;Rome are rejecting Christ, and are meriting the doom of everlasting perdition. i , ,- Protestants will doubtless in this Papal . claim;- see beautiful charity , and goodness, vyhich they will do well to uphold by their money and their sympathy 1 What loving creatures those .priests are; who ask. their " brethren of other denominations " to give ' their money and power for the glory .of St, i Mary ?s, and for the " monument of Catholic faith and piety !" i' 