FLOWER FAKMSVOR AUSTRALIA. (action, the Co-operative and 7<'i>,ii>UnilRttnLii, ) him not, peril road, known to many of our reader that atpicecntl came, with some not very import- a * exceptions his practical monopoly of flower pro tuition, flowers home; loiiMilcml here simply u the lines of commerce An idea of the utmost extent til this post-war inn even say colossal monopoly, may be inferred from the fact that, taking a single example an average crop of Now Ors say one gun not Cannes-, will amount to, orange blossom , 1,47 100a left, , loses, 610,000 His dashing, 100,000 Hit. by violets, 7<ri,000 hs i ass I, 1 2000 lbs, and again 50,000 11 s tuberose FLOOR His and so on During the course of the 11 men German war the principal m mandamus in the world passed through a son of the most painful anxiety, to invest the germicidal existence of many of them was seriously threatened A I believe we are em get the situation that had the term in my tion taken little t Southern i nurse, and continued long, the whole of the it industry would have been title ist temporally ruined Pirlumcb one, perhaps luxuries, but they are at a anning now more and more widely, diffused among all classes and the growth of some luxuries, and these may. certainly he taken to include perfumes, name indicates popular advance in future not resign 2, for these depend more than is given lily sus ted on the attention paid to the more imum details of individual life It appears singular, considering the growing,, in round existing for flow is as htmiIcs of Commerce that by this time and int age has not been taken of the very obvious and vast noted in addition held out by most of the Australian colonies for the systematic and profit able cultivation of flowers Up to the present, we believe, no attempts worthy of note have been made to utilise the peculiar opportunities that may be easily found in several immense legions of these mines which are now thanks to test improving o can i oiiimviiutntion, being almost daily drawing ino son li close c ounce tion with the p ii ent t county v the mm Ved such ess, however, with which manies have been grown in Victoria I should long since have indi i need the win to a much more profitable industry The orange is easily cultivated, yields 2 lbs weight annually) at blossoms , its flowers give 10 07 of otto worth to an ounce , and where the fruit canneries sold, it serves as excellent food for cattle Ah Charles Piesse brother to Mr Piesse was formerly Secretary for Western Australia, and but for his death flower firms would we believe, have been established in at least that portion of the colonies those indeed who have lived in the Australian colonies know well how very fay oin able the climate and soil are in many parts to the most prolific culture of flowers Dieu again, the very low price of land in all the outlying districts, and the very great simplicity of tin " farming required might tender with in indust v -very tempting even to a small c capitalist I here might, indeed, he some labour difficulty In 1 mice labour is cheap and land dear in Vusti ii m it is ex- seen the reverse and the one may be said to balance the other but manifestly the unlimited extent of the soil that could he selected for flow u culture is great point that would tell immensely in favour of the Australian flower famer while, in i i lunate naturally suited for the purpose a few i hands would be needed than in the case of Posen li i um store Then, again, bearing in mind the great and in creasing value of the perfume trade the huge number of persons employed therein, directly or indirectly, the world-wide hope of the tide and the fact that Great Britain has it present n y of tin' monopoly, of all high-class perfumery commerce it seems pretty clear that could Australians be in due i I to take up ministry physically suggested by ,. i i soil and climate, the common of the colonies would receive sensible surprise and expansion here I very much land in Australia that is mine suitable li i flower farms than for anything else , it only came s that some one should open the way to a new and profit able industry that would, at least in i Kit put emancipate the English perfume mains! unit i from his present absolute dependence on continent of flowers_^^^^^^^^ llr.viMOK OF' 'THE Emu Like history of our neigh hours, five Church Both) should be sorry to lose the word " Comforts," and we confess that we should hardly like to see the word " Advocate " in its place. But why dash to the conclusion that this change has been made ; or, if it has been hinted, that it will be persisted in and, above all, why introduce umen soning prejudice into a question which, after all, must be a question of truth and accuracy ? There is a great deal in the principle utterly disregarded by our latest translators-that the same Creek wool should, where possible, be rendered by the same English word. Let any one see what work the English translators have made of the 5th chapter of the Epistle to the Romans, and many other passage from neglecting this rule. Undoubtedly they have made rather pleasanter reading of it that is find a consideration to) he entertained for a second when we are dealing with the Word of (God r It may turn out that it is necessary to translate the word translated " Comforter " by the same word when applied to the Holy Ghost as when it is applied to our Blessed d Lord. If it is not necessary, it will not be done. If it is necessary, then we must make sacrifices for the sake of truth and accuracy, but it does not follow that the word "Advocate" should be employed. If it is, after all, judged to be the best word, then it will find its way into the text, do what we will. But it is possible that the Anglicised wore " Paraclete " may be found most useful in hit.; places. "Well, the word is not quite so pleasant to us as the word " Comforter," around which so much earnest Christian love has gathered and it was co 1 ¡ doubtless disturb a great many volumes of English ] divinity to make the change ; but that, after till, is a very slight and temporary loss, and we must bear it in the cause of truth. | Pain's lti.vremmi.-Sir. John Leighton writes to the | Times .-" In 1871, while Paris was smouldering in a ' hunched places and Communists were being hourly I arrested, you did me the honour to as.sert a letter, which you entitled ' Saved from the Wreck.' Haying been or of much of the same ground I now note what has been done in the way of reconstruction. Portions of the Palace of the Tuileries and the Hotel de Ville sire still in writes', The pavilion's next to the Louvre | me completed as before. 'Die Palace portion is to he rebuilt after a different design by the same architect, Philibert de Lorme. It will have open arcades below-, through which the Champs Elysees are to be seen. A route traversing the garden close to the Palace will unite the Rue Castiglione with the front d'Orsay. The Hotel de Ville will occupy the same site as before an entirely new Renaissance design having been prepared for its re-erection by Ball and De perthes. The work in expected to take about six years. The space once occupied by the Ministry of Finance has been sold for the erection of private houses, in order that the Rue de Rivoli might be completed. The Pavilion of the Louvre facing the Place du Palais Royal], in which the Art Library was burnt, is being restore it. The Palais Royal in Paris has been finished as before. The Palais of the Legion of' Honour was one of the earliest renovated, and the damage at the Palais de Justice is made good. The Foreign Office has been repaired, thou, the Conseil d'Etat is still in ruins. Of the churches- Notre Dame has recently had 200,000. spent upon it, and St. Eustache is still under repair. Of the theatres, the Porte St. Martin has now been built some time, ; while an entirely new one, the? Renaissance, occupies the space of the cafes and houses adjoining. The Theatre Lyrique, too, is restored. Of the columns, that overthrown in Place Vcjidûmejrcars its head once more, come s rations are being made to crown it with a -still by M. ' Dtimont, as before. The Car J's July, on the Place de la Bastille. >>. its base mended. Of fountains, the d"Ean, by Jacquemard, is scarce! the details having been altered and as a.' .. provedore suffered" 'severely, as also that 'in de la Concorde, U. is the latter I was t va A new figure of St ours occupied the -see by it was ""cut f re the original mode? : Quesne, a of Pim lier, its sculptor. At St. great works trains progress. St. Cloud will possibly re main a gaunt record of destruction. The cutting of new boulevards seems to have been abandoned at least, for a time. In a few years Paris) will appear much as; before, though, of course, internally the treasures lost to it can never be replaced." Tin; Ores Catholics. The Pell Mall Gazette remarks A report''has,been prepared, for the Old Catholic Synod "hashish shows the spread and increase of the old Catholic community, since the 'Synod of last year. The report shows that in Prussia there are 32 Old Catholic congregations recognised by the, State, or comprising 6030 independent adult males, and altogether, 18,765 souls. In comparison with 187-1, there are 1459 males and 372- souls more. Eleven Old Catholic parishes'have'been formed hinder the sanction of Government namely, at Bochum, Bonn, Breslau, Crefeld, Dortmund. Essen,- Hagen, Kitto waltz, ('ologne;tSiuirl)rucken;;aiid "Witton There are now 22 Old Ciitholicpricsts in. Prussia, three having been added, since last May' The number does not include ; Professor ' ? Etchells and China ' 'von ! Hiibtbnfeii towards the sun part of the, (Hil (till I hurt h the State has conducted 2 9 16 in its, im' (, 1 is, much more live 'i c i I r i ed by all I can in the church d in s 1 he lit i id 1 Thury of linden his is itco,U!scd YOU (it in a , in his Compigne, -117 Independent useful in this kind is 1" souls, the run bed linen g m 1 willi 1 in the last twelve months and his Us this time mc large numbers of Old Oit'mlus spit id o i parishes in which they have not yet been a most was conjugations East vein they were but six pi is in Britain now there ate to the Government is in limited (i(K)O n irks towards the support of the community Hesse his firm loii^icoitions-tint one more than last year with a roll of 21- adult, males and CM souls The freedom of Birken tells his In Old attache adult males and 10 1 souls The report of our Biyinii is incomplete It runs to ii p parishes in which 121 > adult males an I about 1 1,000 souls le i homed as Old Catholics But the movement is said to have made but poor pu ess urticaria There the now 11 Old Catholic priests office living in Bavaria leaving Professors von T) Pledger and von Friedrich out of account In Wurtemberg there is but one congregational Stuttgnult nuiiihemij;* i" adult males and 102 souls The total of ml till independent males is given us 15,000 , the total of souls is 17,717 there are in Germany, 12 congregations mci parishes recognised by the state and kill unrecognised and ripeness Bishopric of- tons has held a visitation extending from King's beg-, to Constance, Ltnsbr g, and Breslau 11 has ordered six priests, truce being Swiss, and (continued on) poisons these are now is Old Catholic students of divinity against 14 last you Out of their three have been outlined The sub Hits which are to engage the attention of the synod now assembled the new ritual anew catechism and i bool 11 ligious instruction for use in schools. The report expresses cordial thanks to the various (Australian Governments for the support provided to the Old whole community, and expressing commends the new series istual legislation in Prussia as necessary and indispensable It distinctly declares the Old Catholic to be purely religious, not in any sense a political movement It winds up with thankful reference to the services tendered the community by the Protestant t churches, both in sympathy and in placing the sacred buildings at the disposal of Old I Atholl s 