DETERIORATED BREED OF GHOSTS. (Sratn the Splecltoor.) Nothing is more remarkable in the democratic ten dency of the age tbao the doteriorastion it hue brought about in the manners and breeding of ghosts. The ghosts of a century, or even half-s-century, ago-the "ghosts of the old school," as they hare been called used to feel it a solemn privilege to he ghosts. They acknowledged something grand, something of obli gation, in their state. They seemed to say " llytbre oblige," as tihe nobility used to say "Noblesse oblige." It was not everybody who could be a ghost, snd those who could were bound to keep up the inmuence sod the dignity of the order. In those days ghosts fed their souls on solitude, and were risible chiefly to ths solitary. They flashed upon that inward eye which was tse curse of solitude. Or if now and then, like the celebrated shest of Mr. Wynyard, who appeared to both Sir John Sherbroke and General Wysyard, on thle island of Cape Breton, on the 15th October, 1785, it proved itself to beno illusion by being seen by two persons at the same time, it would yet stalk noiselessly through the room, like the ghost of ths royal lane across the platform, and vanish without a sound. Ghostliness used to be a dislingue sort of quality. One felt it a kind of renown to have a ghost in the family. To be an apparition was to be some thing lofty and awful, and though, perhaps, too dread a function to stimulate ordinary ambition, still ons honoureble after its fashion, and tending to keep a noisy, and familiar, and vulgar-minded generation under something like awe for the world of toe super natural. But sucit hs bees the progress of democratic ideas thatall this seems tohavechanged. ,oderaghoste are "hail- fellow-well.mnt," not only with humasabh ings, but with each other. If we are not mistaken, they not lone ago declared it would be a ' lark" to bring Mrs. Guppy through the air from her house is Highbury to Lamb's Conduit-street. Certainly there was, according to the authentic account of the story, much spiritual giggling amongst the preternatural agencies engaged in that manwuore before they accom plished it. The ghost sometimes called Katie King, who professes, we believe, to be the daughter of a buccaneer of Elizsbeth's or James I.'s reigs, permitted Mr. Crookes to take her provisional and temporary body around the waist and kiss her, and then, accord. ing both to his evidence sod that of Mrs. Roes-Chareh, a temporary human heart was felt beating beneath the temporary ghostly orgaissation. There are stories in myriads of the extreme mutter-of-featness and oves vulgarity of the modern gbhest. Some of them inpist on aspirating unaspiretod vowels, and show by violent raps their objection to the euthorised and more polite mode of spelling. Others of tbem delight is pinhinsg your knees or neek, like a child who is playing at blindmn's buffh. A ghost who was indebted to Mrs. Guppy, we believe, for the power to manifest himself in this world, was usploesaot enough to hurl two living lobsters on the table during a "dark seonce" is Russell-equare--wse a neighboorioc fishmonger, we wonder, short by two lobsters of his riglhtfl stloek-ina trade, or did the ghost pay the mosey before abatrect ing the loboterso; or did it catch the lobsters itself at sea, with or without the aid of a lobster-pet P--while the most common at all the freaks of asodern ghosts are those in which they pisy riolentgsmeswith heavy pisees of furniture. Yet how sad a deterioration we perceise in all these things from the old ghostly manosrs, which an ortho dox kiad of work on orthodox apparitions, by an orthodon clergyman, has just agreeably revived foe as. It was worth while to haow a ghost in those days. It made the blood cnrdle to think of him, and was in some respects, if not exaetly a testimony to eharacter, at least a testimony to mental or moral ealibre. It was not for the tosignifloanst then that the ghosts p peered, or that the ghastly bells rang. Ifs church bell obese to toll without human hands for the dead, it was always for some member of the great local family. And, moreoser, it was a great, deept-toned bell of a great old church, and it rang at midnight, with proper solemtiity,--aod not a little table whish took to trotting about the room, and bobbing its log by way of saying "Yes," or No." And how much mare sensible of their prelernatural powers and rights the old ghosts were l Titers is the great Berestfod ghost, the ghost of Lord Tyrone, who appeared to Lady Berosford on Ootober 15th, 1699, and of whom we have all heard, and whose story Mr. Sanile has edited for us with great care in the volume just re ferred to. Did be put Ihimself into an ordinary physical shape, in which he could shake sands, and even be embraced without injury ? On the coutrary, when Lady Beresford complained Itht the nent morn ing she would believe the whole to have been a vision unless Lord Tyrone gave her some signs of his spiritual presence which she could not mistake, the ghost wan fully equal to the solemnity of the emergeny, and replied, "I must not touch yoen; it would injure you irreparably. It is not for spiritual bodiesto touch mortal flesh." That is eonaeoied in the line old style, and the sequel is in kcepirg with it. Lady Beresford does tot object to a small blemish for the sake of eer tointy, whsreupon "Lord Tyrone touches tier wrist, and esery sinew and nerve shrinks, "leaving an in delible mark as if a pair of red-hot pincers had grippod mo." And the ghost is fully awear of the magnitude of the occasion. " Row," said le, "let no mortal eye, while yoo live, belsold that wrist ; to see it would be sacrilege." But what a fulling- off is here! I ouar days Katie Riug walks about quite rheertully on the arm of her entertainer, does tiot object to kiss him, disl~ribUaes snippets of ler ghostly dress to her mortal friends, and neser dreams of there being any sacrilege in the matter -. Nothing is more re markable than the liking of the modern spirits for company and noise. Thacy hase notonly given up the grand style ; they have mostly given op solitude, and con do much moroe with a lot of people rouond a table tllan they can do with a solitary watcher by moon light. Tsey revisit not "the glimpses of the moon," hut toe flicker of the gao-lamp, They delight in playing accordions, in shouting tlhrougls trumpets, in knocking hard on the roofs of cube and railway corriages, iu whirling about dining-tables, in get ting themselves photographed, nod in monufuctur ing inenpensise pearls and rubies. The only thing in the least poetical they seem to effect much is the pro ductiou of flowors. If the modern authorities may be trusted, they really do deal in flowers, to an entent very creditable to theirtaste; but this is an enception to their ordinary demeanour, which is, for the most part, not flowery at alt, but encoodingly prosy, and of a kind almost expressly intended, it would seem, to rub off the awe which the supernatural world used to inspire. In on word, if our modern ghosts are trust worthy, the world of spirits is not like our own in the heads of "the residuum." T'oe angels, demons, saints, aud penitents manifest themselses no tooger. We hase its their places ghosts of vulgar rhetoricians, who make speeches on matters they do not under staod, of buccaneers or pugilists who show great mus cular qualities with only temporary muscles, and shout audibly with prorisional lungs, and of uuderbred shop boys, or young womens not too ghostly to flirt and romp, wlho treacle their speech wit vulgar and some what greasy enprossions of universal love. The change is groet, but we cannot soy it is oan calculated to in erease the reverence of men for the world that is un seen and etcnltl. A Caae'svonoos Usano.--As Captain Powell was walking onCe his turns at Alfriston, Sussex (says an Eufglich journal), Ise saw a horse risnlout a ridergreozing en the hcill above hlim, and on apssroauhling nearer dis' coesred that it was a racehorse rom tihe stable of Mr. U. Porter, whlo has leave to train orer his downs. Obsersilsg thot the animal hlnd one foreleg eenangled in its bridle, Captain Powell walked uat to teins gesetly and cauliouely, sad was about putting his hand on the bridle when the auimol, who Ilad until thst moment heen p'rsfeetly quiet, bit hima savagely in the left side, lifted him e odt tie feet, and then, dropping him, at tempted to kneel upon him and crush him. The attack wnas repeated several tinees. Captain Powell was evcrrcly bitten in thu body ond legs, and his clothes nrce torn, before bh was rescued by Mr. Guilunds ,-Mr. Porter's trainer-who saw what was going on, and galloping up drove the animal batk towards his asable, BratE SINeooeroY: PmnrTOcy, UParoIOT, CeOxoLbo-.c, PxnEraoTr.--In the Epistle of Bt. James, we find the exhortation--"Let patience have her perfect work, that we may be perfect and entire, wanting nothing." Tie epistle deals with the subjeot ofendurance and obedience, and perfection in these respects is, as a rule, gained by degrees throuch the grace of the Holy Gbost, ned the infiuonce of Divine truth upon the mind. It is, therefore, a proper sabject of exhorta tion and prayer-" That ye may stand perfect and filled in all the will of God." Pertection is just the attainment of our Telos, i.e., the end snd consum malion of our holy calling. Entireneso is wholeness or completeness of diareeter, not leaving any port on-n sanctified, or surrendering any faculty to onrighteous ness, or lacking soy good thing, This does not imply that all are to be filled to the same measure, or moulded to the same shape; but it means that esery one is to labour snd pray that hise Christin life may be not only geesine, hot complete and consistent aceordiing to his copseity, thot he be nanctilied wholly hy the God of peace. 2. The apright ie " Tanker," the man of straightforwardness, rectitude, and equity. The term indicates a tone of character which a healthy moral sense always and everywhere approves. Even Balaam,though himselfconsionsly, and from a Melish motiee, swerving from rectitude, knew enough of its rasle to cry-" Lot me die the death of the Toador, and let roy last end he like his:' Moralists, who repudiate Divine revelation, must not suppose that they have any priority or superiority in ineulcating the ?irtue aod strength of a sincere and upright cha racter. Holy Scripture is not entirely ocoupied with the history of Divine interpositions, ar~even with the salvation of sinners. In its earlier as well as in its later books, it inculcotes, delineates, and encourages integrity and justice; while it connects these, as our Bible-refusing moralists cannot do, with the righteous nest of God above, from whom all goodness and truth emanate, and to whom they return in the consecration of his people to the Lord who lones rictoteosenees. B. The enpression "complete in Christ" belongs to the Neos Testament. In him dwells more than a fulness of qualities and powers, such es coostitutes the eon nummate ideal man. It is" the fulness of Godhood bodily." This fatness is made accessible nad available to all who are His. Out of it they all receive. They are not taken up into the divinity, bat divinity streams upon them, into them, and to them, as they dwell by faith in Christ. It is no more the case of a man walk ing fiefore the Lord, and being perfect, as Noah, Abra ham, or Jab wan perfect. It is the case ot a man dwelling in the Lord, bidden in Him for safety, quickened in Him for life, justified in Him for accept ance, nay, filled up or completed in Him. All grace abounds towards the believer, and he has all-perfect resources in his Lord and Saviour. He is filled, not as the vessel now and then dipped in the lake and carried away, but as the stresm that receives the waters of that lake in a constant living flow. He is filled, not as the basket into which summer fruit is gathered from a tree, but as the branch is supplied with sap, atod so covered with clusters of grapes from the living vine in which it abides. Jesus Christ being full of grace and truth, is for us all-sufficient, and we are admitted into the fellowship of his Spirit, the enjoy ment of his grace, and the riches of his inheritance, "who is the Head of all principality and power." 4. The term "perfected" applies either to worship or to character. In the former sense it is true of Chri tians in their lifetime, in the latter it is not.--Sundy M.Oaains. TaE LONOUAG.O OP FcnnES..-Tlh . N ,so Pork Timer publishes a communioation in which the writer says: -" Strange sounds are often heard rising from the waters of our coasts that would be apt to astonish the superetitious listener if he were not acqusinted with the unofiendiog cause ofallthe disturbance. Some. times it rises in the air like the bang of a huge drum, and again seems to steal over the waves with a low, mursuring wail; and if you were to place your ear close to the surface, the strange sounds would appear to come from fire or sin different places. Seamen are oftet startled by the ' boom, boom' that seems to steal over the vessel, seeming to their ears more like the drum of some long-lost erew than the voice of as in sigaificant member of the family of fishes. Tor ouab it is, and well known am the bearded dramfish. But bow it produces the queer musioal notes isasoms ahiag that it would be well for our 'Fish Oommisuion' to discoree this summer on the Sound. Another faithful satellite of Euterpe is found in the noisy maigre. It makes a strange cooing mesa, ancompanied by a sharp croak that can be heard at a depth of lOflt. The fish attains a length of about 6ft, and weighs dOlb. What these sounds are for we know not, but on the prineiple that all things are for some particular par pose, they must have a meaning. That the imperfeet voice of the fish is used to enpress discontent and pain I have no doubt, as in numerous enperiments on a fish found in the Gulf of MTenico, ctlled the grunt, I found that the voice was used and modulated as with other animals. When touched with the knife the grunts that it gave vent to fairly rose to a shriek, and whets dying its moaus and sobs were almost dis agreeably human. I shall never forget the first ona of these veritable porkers that I caught. Thiakang that my bait needed replenishing, I hauled in, and found nicely hooked a grunt, and no sooner had I placed him in the boat than he commented a series of grunts and sobs that bid fair to take me by storm. Now he would make a low noise, and gradually swell the 'melody,' and finally hurl at me such a blast of entreatiea, all of which were produced without a struggle, that my better nature was aroused, and I mads haste to toes him back, and as he disappeared a squeak which, together with the splsoh, sounded to me like n bona fide 'thank you,' and I barse no doubt but what it was. Baron Hulmboldt mentions an oc currence which he wsitnessed in the South Sea:-o 'About 7 o'clock in the evening the sailors were terri fied by an eatreordinury noise in theair like the beat ing of tambourines, followed by sounds that soemed to come from the ship, and resembled the escape of air from boiling liquid.' Many other inseolane could be colled up to prove that fiehes use their cocal organs to some purpose, but the above serre to show that tihey have a well-defined voice, snd that it is capable of modulation." TJse Panetct ItPEt'AL.--TIo Prinre Imperiul made a public appearance as one of the competitors at a grand assault of arms, recently given at the Royal Mlilitary Academy, under authority of Liouteoant' General Sir J. L. Simmons, Governor of the Aca domy, and in the presence ol a large assembly, which included nearly all the sonieero of the garrison. Lieu' tenant Crockonden and Sergeant-Major Pentacost preo viously engaged in a contest with the sword against the bayonet, and then Lieutenant Torkiagtoe, BA., who conducted the proceedings, announcod a contest with foils, not in the programme; snd two young gentlemen, equipped for the encounter in padded waistcoats and white gloves, appeared on the plat form, and were introduced as the Prince Imperial and M. Cornesu. The Prince was loudly cheered, and thle two gentlemen, after the oustomary slutae, proceeded to the encounter. .They both proved good swordsmen, and the Priaee, who is espenially active, gaisned the fint hit. Both fenced very cautiously un til, by a denteroua thrust, Mr. Corneau touohed his adrersary's breast, and scored one also. The contest for thle third and deciding hit was watched with great interest, and was evidently enciting all the energies of the youngswordsmen. dt leogth the Prince, after parryinsg cleverly two or three well-meant drives from his antagonist, got in Isis sword by an eopert more meat, and made a fair hit on the left breast amid much applause. The Prince also took part with other cadets in a series of athletic exercses in which soem of the students enhiibited remarkablo shill. Oneuonvly Lor0.--.An affecting scone seems to bare occurred at Glasgow on tie oeeasioo of the part iog of two brothers, one of whom was about to leave homo for America. Tie two brothers, named Robert used Edward Paton, and a number of their friends, had assembled at Edward's house in Gildroy-court for the purpose of bidding adieu to Robert. Some "drink" baring beoa coesumed, tile farewell was taken, its sadness being heightened by a somewhat distreesing incident. The two brothers unfortunately differed on a question relating to the money paid for the "drink," and, still more unfortunately, the differ eisce eded in a personal encounter, durinn which they rolled on the floor, and Edward, insthad of ten derly embracing his depa'tissg brother, bit him se verely in thle cheek. Their friends Ihad the good taste at this point to check further demonstrations of brotherly loee by tearing Edward away from Robert; but while they were holding him, Robort, unable to control his feelings, rushed at his brother and frae tured his skull with some iron instrument supposed to be a Iorseosho. E2dward was thlen taken to tIe in irinary, and Robert, olthough ofeouree deeply anxious reepecting his brother's condition, was compelled to go on board the steamer that was just starting for tiserpool. Ite thre meantime Edward lies in a most precarious condition, and poor Robert has been taken into oustody at Liverpool, and is to be brought bank immediately to Glasgow to go all through the pain of anothor PactingPdU latll aesete. A Dosorernco Ssor.w-Por aome days pst (says the Times of October 24) the water used for drinkiag at the Law Institute, in Chascery-lase, was observed to havoc fetidssmcll and unpleasant taste. This could in no way be accosuted for, as the water supply from the I'ew River was received into the tank at the top of the building. Some plumbers had been at work there about a week or ten days ago, and, through an accidental circumstance, on Wednesday night last the disoorery was made that one of them had committed suieide by throwing himaself into the tank, and that it was no doubt the decomposition of his body that had contaminated the water. The whole of the fasts con nected with this extraordinary affair were brought out at an inquest held before Dr. Hsrdwicke, on the body ef Robert Smith, aged sixty-four, of 9, Douglas-plaee, Bowling- gresn-lane, one of the tlumbers referred to. From the evidence of Mrs. Elihabeth Bull, the house keeper of the institute, it appears that the deceased came to her on the morning of Wednesday week, at half-past 6, and asked for the keys to go up to the leads, and he took them off the table. She did not see him aguin, but on Wednesday evening last, on going up-stairs, she saw the keys in the door leading to the leads, and this brought the circumstance of deceased's taking tbem to her recollection. She informed the porter of what had occurred. The porter went up stairs, and on going en to the leads he founda man's coat and waistcoat lyisg there. Thst aroused his suspicion, more especially as he found the lid of the cistern taken effand placed against the parapet. On looking into the cistern he there found the body of a man in the water. He sent for the police, and with their assistance got the body out, and Mr. Mills, sur geon of the E Division of Police, who was called in, stated that the deceassd had been in the water some days, and that the cause of his death was auffocatton by drowning. There could be no doubt that deceased had committed suicide. The widow of the deneased said he had been strange in his manner for some time, and, without further questioun, a verdict of" Suinide while in an unsound state of mind" was recorded. A singular incident ocourred at the Clerkenwell Police Court on Tuesday. A person, whom the reporter described as a "shock-headed, elderly man," jumped into the witness-bon, and making a graceful bow, said: "Most noble and powerful justice, from you, a mon of honour, and probably of feeling, I want advice." He waited fora reply, and when told to pro seed, he said that he had had a" partner" for the last thirty-three years, and up to within the last four or five years they bed worked very amicably and suc cessfully together, but latterly, on account of his "partner" haviog given way to that acuorsed and confounded drink-the "root of all evil"-he could not bear her conduct any longer. She had been "a fond and loving woman, but for the last few years there had been such eontinusal wrangling and rows, such disorder and disruption in the house, such dis agreements with the lodgers, who were good ones if they wers left alone, that he could stand it no longer, and therefore he wanted to know what he was to do with his 'partner.5" Mr. Barstow asked: "What do you meon by 'partner' F" The applicnot- " ' Partner' l Why 'partner,' you know, means wife, don't itP It is a good term, I shoeld think. I know a little grammar, and I think I ought to know something about my wife, for I have been married to her for thirty-three years, and when I took her-I mean when I married her-I made her my ' partner' for life. If it was not for the little' stimulants she takes on the sly--I do not mean a 'little,' for she takes a great deal when she sets her mind to it-we could get on very comfortably together." Mr. Bar stow said that he was afraid that, as the peraon the applicant was complaining about was his wife, he could not, under the circumstances, asiat. The applicant : "Bet my dear most noble man oefjustice, esuely-" Mr. Barstow: "Go away, go away. I believe yeo have been joining your 'partner' this morning in glv ing way to drink." The applicant (the reporter says) left the dock amid loud laughter.--London Poper. A fins opecimen of a boa-constrictor was (rays the Straife Times) this afternoon brought into town from Gaytang, having been caughtatise by some Chinamen, while in a torpid state after gorging himself. He measured about eighteen feet in lengih. This i the second large boa that has been sogbht hare within a twelremouth. The former one measared twenty-five feet, and was captured after swallowing a pig weigh ing about lewt. Tbe captore offered thin one for sale, asking twenty dollars for him, and failing a purohaser declared their intention of cutting him up and selling the meat, which is eagerly bought by Chinamen, A Chicago bells who, six months ago, was so ian guid that she could scarcely support herself at the altar, now throws a fiat-iron fifty feats andhits her husband every time. 