SNOW-STAYED. rv TWO chapters. CHAPTER Z. , In his library sat Robert Hilton, en- mossed in his books. The door opened very gently, and there entered a. pleasant- innkimr old lady, enveloped in a crimson fiflHWl. "Why you here, mother tM he ex- ; claimed, rising hastily. "I never ex pected to see you at this hour of the morning; it is hardly ten o'clock yet, and the day so bitterly cold, I thought you still in bed." »I had letters, Robert," she replied, as she took the easy-chair he placed for her near the bright fire. « I am afraid I disturb you," she be gan nervously, seeing the table spread with books of an abstruse kind. " Don't think of it." Though answer- in" thus, he was rather discomposed, for his passion was books and research of all kinds ; and he pushed the hair from his somewhat care-worn forehead, as he pre pared to listen to the purport of his mother's visit, which, he argued, must be something unusual, to make an invalid as she was visit him so early. Referring to her basket, Mrs. Hilton drew thence a letter, and said : " From mv old friend, Margaret, Mrs. Cameron and patting on her spectacles, she read alond. " Never mind the contents," he inter-, ropted, after she had read the first line, jodging this by its many predecessors. " But, Robert, I" want .you to hear ; that is why I came," she returned timidly. "She says Helen, her daughter, you know, is coming, in a few days, to stay at Mount Farm, quite near us ; and I 'thought it would look so odd if we don't ask her to visit us also, and — I came to consult you," she hesitated. " I think Margaret will expect it I know you dislike visitors in the house, and have grown a confirmed bachelor she sighed ; " and I am only a poor invalid, not fit for much, so we are well matched, and can dispense with visitors. Still — if you would not mind for this once," she pleaded. Robert Hilton saw trouble looming in the distance, as he listened to his mother's hesitating request. It was quite true all 'she had saide : he was a confirmed old bachelor, forty years old ; and hated the sight of women, rarely looking on the face of one but his poor old mother. No wonder she felt apologetic and doubtful about the success of her request, as she watched the nervous, somewhat dis jointed-looking figure of her tall, lean son, whose sunken eyes had a troubled ex pression in them while she spoke. " You would never see her but at meal-times," she continued, "and that only for a few days, my dear, if you wouldn't mind. I would not suggest her coming ; only, she is staying so very near, and is such a nice girl ; so Marga ret writes ; though it is some years now since I saw her. She was fifteen then, and must be twenty now. Dear, dear, how time flies ! So long since I saw her ; but then, Robert, that ia your fault I" " In what way ?" " ' The only son of his mother, and die was a widow.' That is my history far years ; I have only lived with you, my dear, and if yon didn't like visitors I was content not to have them, though I should like to have seen my old Mend Margaret and her child occasionally." " I know you have been very kind to my infirmities," he replied, and his heart smote him, as he remembered her life of sacrifice, and her timidly pleading for the small gratification in question. Still, the power of habit is strong, and it was not without a great effort he determined to yield. "Very well; ask her over, if you like," he said, with affected careless ness ; " but only for three or four days, mind and he turned with longing eyes to the open book which was awaiting his perusal. " Thank you ; it is very good of you," : she said quite gratefully as sheTcise.'1 "I will leave you now, and write to Marga- \- ret to allow Helen to crane to', us." "Only for a few days,"' he reminded, .1 ... J.. nortnieetnn nther- wise, we may have her here for weekB, if you don't specify the time." "I think not," returned Mrs. .Hilton with quiet dignity. " Margaret is a well- bred woman, and her child, no doubt, takes after her." The old lady then rose, and Robert Hilton returned to his studies ; and in Ihe society of some fossil, remains, which served as the subject of some learned paper he was preparing for. one of the Quarterlies, he forgot the impending calamity, as his perverted- -mind regarded a visitor, and that a woman, furthermore . a young woman, in his house. Several days passed, and one bright frosty day, in the early part of January, a party of girls were amusing themselves : in the drawing-room of the Mount Farm. Helen Cameron, with her two old mends - and school-fellows, Annie and Clara Nar cot, formed the trio. Helen's best Mend could not have called her pretty, while her worst would have found it impossible to call her plain. She was what is termed a nice girl, when one is pushed into a corner for a defim- tion. She was agreeable, good-tempered, could talk pleasantly on most things, bad \- a fair figure, with a bright, intelligent free, that refused- to be catalogued as regular .-featured ; with a complexion fre quently tinged with a deep rose, inter- spereed with freckles. Ah, poor Helen T I am afraid that my last hit may tell' , against youi ; but the portrait-painter must be faithful. She had, however, one grand point : her hair was beautiful, „ and fell in long wavy masses, like bright spun silk fresh from the cocoon, caught \- on either ride by a comb which confined " it to the back of her head ; beyond this there was no arranging. Nature did the . test, with an admirable eye to effect. A servant entered while they were laughing and talking together, and handed Helen a note. . "From mamma's old Mend. Mrs. Hil- ton, she arid, as she broke the seal and : -read the contents. " The Hiltons of the FirB ; the people one hears of, but never sees," remarked Clara Narcot. " Mrs. Hilton is an invalid, and her son a monk, from all accounts," chimed Annie, while Helen was pern sing her note, who soon exclaimed : — "What am I to do, or say ! How shall I ever get out of it ! Mrs. Hilton has written to say that mqrr"r"t has ac cepted an invitation for hie to spend a few days with her, as I am in the neigh bourhood, and she hopes I'll fix an early day !" she cried with genuine dismay. Her announcement was .received with a chorus of groans from the two girls. . " It , is too bad of 'mamma to accept mi invitation for me from such people. What was she ftiintlwg off -. .She might just as well have asked me to spend a few days in a churchyard, as in such a house as that !" " Yes," said Clara, - with: a grimace ; "there is not much amusement to be got out of that valley of dry bones ! Mr. Hilton is a fossil, my dear; he Has studied pre-Adamite man — and what do you call those ugly things, with hideous long names! — until he has converted himself into an antediluvian specimen of an implement for digging up his own discoveries 1 Heaven preserve me from such awful men ! I like flesh and blood, not the world's progress-machines, as I call them. Why people must be for ever rummaging underground for old bones and such-like, I can't imagine !" " You must go, Helen," said Annie ; " if it is only to keep us alive with your description, when yon come back." "Well, only for a couple of days," stipulated Helen ruefully, as she sat down to answer the invitation. " Of course, only for a couple of days ; we couldn't spare you longer," said Clara; " there is the ball next week, you know. Just say we will drive you over to-mor row — Tuesday — and fetch yon again on Friday; that will give yon just two clear days, which I expect you will find two too many." "The house is worth seeing, I am told," broke in Annie. "It is so old- fashioned, and fall of all sorts of queer things — remains, and so forth." " Have you ever seen Mr. Hilton !" enquired Helen. " We sometimes, but rarely, see him riding about ; but he hates women, and flees at the sight of one. — Doesn't he, Clara !" "Agreeable for me," murmured Helen, as she sealed her note, and rang for the servant to send it to the Firs. " I do so wish I were not going; bnt there is no help for it, X suppose. I hope there are no ghosts or other miseries in the honse beside the fossil remains !" she inquired, shivering. " Tell me, what is he like, this fossil-in-chiefj that I may know -vsYiat. T Iisto tn tiYDPftt f " Oh, tall, lean, and grisled abont the head ; with scared-looking eyes, as if they conld only see clearly underground," said Clara, with a mischievous twinkle in her eyes. "Why, he is a ghost in himself! I shall be frightened to meet him," ex claimed Helen. "And he never speaks ; even reads at his meals, I believe," said Annie, with a laugh. " Worse and worse ! O girls, what am I to do ! What an ogre for a wo man to be shut up with. Does he like music, I wonder ! But of course not !" "They say music hath charms to soothe the savage breast ; why not see if it will cause a resurrection in the pre- Adamite one!" hazarded one of the girls. " What ! sing to a stone ! Impossible ! I should be frightened. I must take lots of work, that s "an-, -tn nnd finish tbi« rug for the bazaar. Dear, tow-uuii it is !" and she shivered again._ 11 Yes ; is it not !" said Annie, drawing nearer to the fire, and giving it a vigor ous poke. "There is snow in the air; and snow is no joke, let me tell yon. It regularly barricades us ; we are such a height." "If it fell to-night, the chances are you could not go to the Firs to-morrow. There is no driving a carriage in these parts till the snow is over." " I wish it may come down, then," said Helen. " Don't wish that; for it would pnt an end to our ball ; so it cuts both ways. You have do idea how the snow falls here, several feet deep ; and. then jwe are shut up sometimes for weeks." " And a storm is brewing," said Clara. " I hope it will have the good heart to keep off until the ball is over. I don't know when I felt so cold. No snow fell the following day. It was in the air, people remarKeu, wno understood the temperature. Amid much laughter on the girls', and misgiving on Helen's part, she was driven over to the Firs, and deposited among the fossils, with many injunctions to be careful she, herself; was not turned into a " subject." for investigation. " So very glad to welcome you, my love," said old Mrs. Hilton, embracing her. "It is so very kind of yon to come and see us ;" and she drew her to a seat near the fire, in the grand old drawing-room, .where she kept solitary state each afternoon and evening. The warm embrace and the fire -thawed Men, and she began to feel «Mifi»rtahlp_ "H 'the rip is only half go pleasant as his mother,"' she thought; "Jshall not object to the partial inter- ment. .. . \- Some conversation followed, blending with which Helen's . thoughts flowed in the following under-current ; — " I won der if he has the look of Ms mother. What a joke if I huppento like him, and turn the tables on the girls l_I suppose I shan't see him until . dinner-time, and then he' will be reading a book. Tall, dean, grizzled J-ithat . sounds hor rible !" ' ' "You must excuse my son, Robert; ' said' Mrs. Hilton, wishing to prepare her for his peculiarities. " He is an eccen tric," my dear, very ; not' in "the least s laJnVi man He took'to studv early in life, and now lives among bis books. I must not complain, for, .as an author, he Jhhs distinguished tiinsdf. ' Still, it dis appoints me that he shuts himself up so entirely, and has lost all taste for so ciety, for i am only a poor invalid, and can't last for ever ; and I grow unhappy when I thinlr of him left alone." Helen then went to her room to pre pare for dinner, Mrs. Hilton's maid having interruped their cbat to shew her. the way. Having completed her toilet, she came down-stairs with no slight . - i !,.J 1 : l amount or xrepiaauuu, wiping, jcv . ing, to find the mucli-dreaded fossil in the -drawing-room. Robert Hiltonhad entered the drawing- room shortly after Miss Cameron had: quitted it, having actually dressed for dinner ; a proceeding quits disregarded by him on ordinary occaaojfe, for the very good reason that he .- always dined alone, as Ms mother was anihvalid and could not bear him company;;, Mrs. Hilton looked see her little attention to lis' appeacincq, at the trouble and waste time afewhah ne had been inwardly filming. " Helen has arrived," she said, as he stood chafing his handi; and trying to warm them by the fire. "So I heard," he answered shortly, looking anything but delighted. " How long is she to say ! This sort of thing is so terribly out of my line f and he glanced at Ms evening dress as he spoke. "She leaves on Friday; the girls at the Monnt Farm won't spare her any longer. She is a very dear girl, Robert ; I think you will like her," she ventured timidly. The remark was entirely lost upon him, as he never entertained the idea of liking any woman, unless it might hap pen to be the remains of one wMch had been deposited in some spot by the avalanche of ages, awaiting his discovery. Such a woman he would love tenderly. Trembling outside the drawing-room door stood Helen, unable to turn the handle and enter, so afraid was she of encountering him; but growing despe rate at last she made a plunge, and went in with that awkward air which takes hold of one at difficult moments of in tense self- conscioasness. Still stooping over the fire, he did not notice her until she reached the sofa where his mother sat, who had encou raged her timid entrance with a smile, and said : "Robert, my dear, this is Helen. — Helen, my son, Robert." This introduction being effected, Helen took a seat; while Mr. Hilton remained standing, in no way bashful, bnt so very pre-occnpied with dead subjects, as to leave the living to take care of them selves. As soon as she dared, Helen raised her eyes and glanced at him. " Un mistakably tall, lean, and grizzled," she thought ; " but not qnite to bad as I expected. Good eyes, if they could be brought to look about him, instead of into remoteness. Good features, but tumbled hair, all falling about anyhow, as if no one ever smoothed it. What a pity he shuts Mmself up F' Dinner was announced, and Mis. Hil ton said : "Will you let Robert take yon into dinner, my dear ! Yon must excuse me joining you, bnt I am obliged to live by rule. — Now, Robert; take care nf her" Thus ssvino. she strove to draw them together, a most thankless task, for Helen hnng on to the reluctant arm by the tips of her fingers with an amount of nervousness wMch made the well-nigh chronic blush on her free turn deep crimson. They sat down to table in solemn silence. Mr. Hilton, from the force of habit, turned to find his place in the imaginary volume at Ms side, and then remembered he had a human book sit ting near it might be worth his wMle perusing. He glanced up, searched for words, and came to a dead pause ; for what on earth was there to talk about! Young women were a genns he had never studied since university days ; they were a study he had shelved with dress clothes, as being "terribly out of his line," thinking at the time of the truth of St. Chrysostom's definition of women, who pronounces them, one and all, to be " a necessary evil, a natural temptation, -"-desirable calamity " — here he paused, for he— -thinking the present " calamity " sitting nea.r-a..-ui jadr-, able f quite the reverse — " a domestic peril, a deadly fascination, and a painted ill" Ah, yes ; Chrysostom was a man of sense and experience, evidently. Poor Helen was equally miserable; sipped her soup to prolong the necessity for keeping her head lowered. " One of us must begin," she thought ; " this silence is overpowering." At last — "I think you know my friends, the Narcots !" "Slightly," he replied, putting: Ms elbows on the table while waiting to be further fed. He was of that rare order of men who eat; asking no questions, anything put before them. Just the sort of man, women, with a view to a com fortable hereafter in housekeeping, ought to cultivate above all others. "They are very nice girls," she re marked. "Phssiblv. I know notMug about girls." . A' You don't visit much, I think !' she again ventured. " No ; I am thankful I find something better to . do," and he pushed the un- kempt hair from his forehead, and closed his eyes, as if to clear his brain of the disturbing possibility of such a fete, of wMch the present was a taste, and not at all to his liking. The servant placed a' dish before him, which excused them again for lapsing into happy silence. Thus the dinner passed ofij save for a few spasmodic at tempts at conversation like the previous. And at the finish, never were two people .go- glad to get rid of each other as Ellen Cameron and her extraordinary com panion. Mr. Hilton did not appear again that night; although he usually kept his mo ther company for a portion of every evening, after a silent feshion. Helen gave him up as hopeless. She had failed to win the least courtesy from him ; and .there are few things a woman resents like a tacit avowal that she is powerless to attract. The two weary days, each worse. than the other for drea riness, came to an end at last. "With a light heart, she retired to her bed on Thursday night,- and gladly looked for ward to the morrow. "I'll describe Mm to the girls as the moBt impassable mon ster it was ever my lot to become ac- quainted Wltn. Wltn Dnoyani, aiacniy she rose next morning, unmindful of the cold, wMch was piercing ; slipping her feet into a pair of warm dippers, she went to lie window to raise the blind. O horror ! What she' had feared from the "feeling" of the cold the night be fore was realised- A deep mantle of snow covered the ground ! CHAPTER n. Helen came down to breakfast utterly Ail- fiil- She had indulged in a good cry, to begin with, and now was filled with dismay a® sue prwpcw On entering . the breakfast-room, she found Mr. Hilton had been waiting for her some time. " I beg your pardon ; I am yeiy sorry to have kept yon so long without your breakfast." Attracted by her desponding tones, he looked hp with the first approach to interest he had1 manifested since her arrival, and said, "I am soriy for you, Misa Cameron ; this snow will make you a prisoner for some time, I am afraid;" and regret for himself was not nnnungled with his sorrow for her.' . ' "Yes, J am dwdfolly «my," she retained, with a look of blank disap pointment in her fece, regardless of the ill compliment which had actually pene trated Mr. Hilton's pachydermatous sensibility, and set Mm thinking. Now, when a man like that begins to think, be generally does so to some purpose. The latent chivalry of this strange being began to awake, and the man remem bered with self-reproach that he had doDe nothing, as a host, to merit any other than this candid avowal he had just heard. " I am sure I don't know what I shall do," she moaned, as she stood irresolute by the fire, too genuinely miserable to be polite. " Well, come and try some breakfast, and then we must see what can be done to preserve life in you afterwards," he said, with something very like a smile shining on his face, the first she had ever seen. As a gleam of sunshine attracts on a gloomy day, so did this smile attract Helen, and caused her to regard him with surprise. He caught the look, and asked its meaning in such a friendly voice, that she said with simple blnotness, "I saw you smile; I didn't think you could !" The smile widened into a laugh, not withstanding the unintended sarcasm, which he was. conscious he deserved. The snow was felling outside, while within the first symptoms of a thaw had begun ! He, strange to say, was the first to be aware of it, as he glanced every now and then at the woe- begone face sitting near. " Is is true," she faltered, " that the snow does not clear away for weeks !" " Quite true." " O dear ! what shall I do !" she sighed. " We must try and make the best of it for you," he answered, kindly. " I know this must be a dreadfully dull hole for a young lady to be shut up in, with only a couple of old people, like my mother and myself, for company ; but I am afraid there is no help for it !" "Are yon fond of reading !" he asked, after a nanse. " I have some good books, but not in your style, I am afraid." "I am afraid not Yon are very learned and clever, are you not !" she asked, with amusing simplicity, her eyes opening as she made the inquiry, as though treading on unknown and dan gerous ground. "The girls — the Nar cots — told me so, and that made me rather afraid of yon, and fency " " I couldn't laugh, and had forgotten how to smile," he interposed. " Well, don't be frightened any more, for I am neither learned nor clever, that I know of ; and I believe I can smile when pro voked to do so ; only living so much to myself, I seldom get an opportunity." " But that is your own fault, is it not ! You hate — us — women, I mean ; don't you ! So the Narcot girls told me. Is it true !" "Partly," and he pushed his plate away as he spoke, and resumed his favourite attitude, with his elbows on the table ;' then, as if reflecting, be added in a lower tone, " Still I believe I am \>A OlQlWSlAvuj - umlji up QDC has ever tried." " Perhaps yon never gave them a chance," she said, with a bright 'laugh, which displaced the cloud of melancholy for a moment, as she went 'to the win dow to see if she conld discern any signs of relenting on the part 'of' her cruel jailer outside. . Mr. Hilton,' meanwhile, was revolving her last words in bis mind, as he played with the breadcrumbs, saying to Mmself that she had spoken rightly ; and when a woman has once had the lock to drive a truth home into a man's mind, which he is willing to acknowledge, she'has cer tainly gained a point. On other mornings, he generally dis appeared as soon as breakfast was over, and never showed again until summoned to another meal ; but this morning he sat on and on, even after the cloth was removed, and the distraction of arrang ing the crumbs into mathematical pro blems had been taken from him. His train of thought evidently lay above ground this morning. " This girl wonld be in the honse for weeks ;" and he caught Mmself looking at her as she gazed hopelessly out of the window ; and then this thought, at one time so repug nant, grew not altogether distasteful, although, of course, there would be a vast amount of inconvenience attending it, wMch he was forced to admit. It was a bad business, on the whole, cer tainly, and he would have infinitely pre ferred if the snow had not fallen. But here die was, and he must make the best of it, and be tbankfol that, as far as women went, sbe was endurable after her kind, was unobtrusive at least; and would evidently ratner not oe staying. Under these circumstances, be most make an effort. Helen left the window, and took an easy-cbair by the fire, resigning herself to the hopelessness of the situation, wondering when on earth Mr. Hilton meant to go, when he surprised her by turning his chair right round in front of the fire, and ensconced himself in it as if to take up Ms position for the morning. A quarter of an hour passed, daring wMch time they both looked hard at the fire, while neither spoke. Then Helen said : "Please, Mr. Hilton, don't sit there all day and do manners on my account. I shall go up to my room, if yon da If I am to be a prisoner here for some time; don't add to my affliction by making me feel I am a trouble to yon. I know yon are alwayshard at work by this time. Indeed, it is on my con science that I interrupted your studies at meal-times, as the Narcots told me yon always read at such times." " I am afraid the Narcots have not given me a good character ; paying me out for all my incivilities, I suppose. "Vrtn miffltt )i/\<rAirar rrxt7A arm ATI flnnnr- tnnity of proving them mistaken." " Yes ; bnt I cannot bear disturbing the routine of anyone's daily life. I feel as if they must look upon me as such a bore, an unenviable distinction at best." " But suppose I tell yon, you don't bore me," he answered with a smile. " I shouldn't believe you, I am afraid. The leopard can't change his skin, or his spots ; which is it ! I am so stupid over quotations. No, it is the Ethiopian who has the skin." "Bnt as I am neither Ethiopian nor leopard, bnt belonging to the Caucasian race of the genus homo, I may be per mitted to change the mercurial organism, existing in our species called mind Without wishing to pay yon any com pliment, I desire to say that I should be glad to make your enforced imprisonment in my house less doleful than yon at present contemplate. If yon can sug gest any course of amusement yon wonld like to pursue, in which I can assist yon, I will forget my books, while yon are here, and place my time at your dis posal." The last sentence came ont with an effort which shewed the immensity of the sacrifice. Helen looked incredulous. " Do you really mean it !" she asked. " I am perfectly in earnest." " Then, I know what I wonld like." " What !" he enquired with a nervous pang ; he knew not what wild prank he may have pledged himself to. "Yon shall impart some of that wonderful learning of yonrs into my un furnished brain. I have so long wanted to read Goethe in the original, bnt I don't know German sufficiently. Mrs. Hilton tells me you know Goethe and German, and eveiybody and everything, alive and dead, by heart. Will you teach me German !" " Has my poor mother been giving me a bad character, like the rest of the world ! — with more cause, perhaps ;" and he looked into the fire without answer ing her question. " Bnt yon really are a German scholar — are yon not !" "Yes ; I will teach yon," " Oh, if yon will, Til think yon the kindest creature in the world ; and won't regret the snow," she added archly. " Then, while I am studying, yon can go on with your reading and writing, can't yon ! and you won't find me so dreadfolly in the way, will you i" Tfi« face -wore an amnsed look as he listened to her eager questions. " So you want to read Goethe in the original. Well, you must follow me ; but, re member, I shall expect to be paid for my trouble." How !" "By bring thought the kindest crea ture in the world ; a derided novelty for me. Now, come into my library, and I will start at once." " Ob, not in there !" and she drew back. " I should be so frightened to go in there. I hear yon keep the bones of Noah and all the animals that went with him into the ark — to say nothing of those he left ontside — in there." " But if I am to have a pnpil, I most superintend the study," he answered, laughing ; and I promise Noah shall hot put in an appearance, or in any way disturb yonr peace of mind ; so follow me. You have never seen my library, have you !" " No." "Then don't speak against such a haven of rest, of which yon are ignorant." " What would the Narcot girls say, if they could only see us ! " she thought, as she followed him on tip-toe, not qnite certain, bnt determined to be brave. " Oh, how very charming ! " she exclaimed, as she surveyed the comfort able book-lined room, with its carved oolc muling, its luxurious Persian rags, its inviting easy-emmo, -—a maoctee double writing table, the whole made Intensely snog by the glow of a bright crackling wood-fire. " No signs of snch a damp creature as Noah here;" he said, as he placed a chair for her at the writing-table, and rapidly looked out the requisite books, that he might find ont how much she did not know, before setting her to work. Through a fog of timidity, she managed to let him see she was fairly advanced, mid then he set her some translation to do, himself taking a book the while to read. The translation was effected, and pushed across the table for correction. He then gave her some other work to do, which kept her for two hours in the library, when she left him to seek his mother. " I am so sorry for yon, my love," said Mrs. Hilton, kissing her, " but clad for myself This snow will keep you with us for some time. I hope you don't mind 1 " And then Helen was surprised to. find she did not mind the gloomy pros pect so much as she expected. ' The thought of reading Goethe in the original was cheering. So she sai 1 : " Of course, I don't mind ; only, yon must give me something to do. Here ; can't I finish these ! " And she took a pair of wool slippers from a work- basket " Oh, thank you, my dear ! if yon will ; they are for Robert ; but they puzzle my poor sight so much, I have been obliged to leave them." So between the German lessons and the slippers, the days sped faster than she expected. Even the meals were growing positively agreeable, since her better understanding with the master or the house. Ever since the German lessons had begun, he had spent his evenings in the drawing-room, and Helen, overcoming her nervousness, rewarded him by singing. " We owe the snow a debt of grati tude," said Mrs. Hilton, one evening after Helen had|ceased singing. "Do we not, dear ! " she said, addressing her son. Mr. Hilton did not reply, for he was experiencing a new sensation ; one he had not felt for years, since those old Oxford days, when a pretty girl, to whom he had been devoted, jilted Mm, and made Mm almost despise' her' sex, vowiog never more, if he could help it; to look on the fece of any woman, save his mother ; a vow he might have kept religiously to the end of Ms days, but for iM" fell of snow. Now; dream- stances were leagued against him. What vows or resolutions conld stand against teaching a " nice " girl every day for two hours; hating the same "nice" girl sitting as his companion at every meal : and. more than alL the same " nice " girl singing, as she did, evening after evening, the most divine little melodies in the most sympathetic man ner 1 . St Anthony himself most have given in under such a cross-fire of allure ments 1 He. had felt the spell growing gradu ally, until, at the end of the third week,' be stood fece to face with the truth, and knew he was a conquered man. She stood between Mm and his most cherished books and researches, and theft he remembered with pain that his youth was all gone, and he lu ? only the tall/ lean,griailed remnants of a man; to offer' to this bright girl, beaming with youth and life ; and the knowledge well-nigh proved overwhelming. Daring the lesson hours, he was calm and unde monstrative enough ; bat when they were over, and she was gone, there en sued a strange feeling of desolation. Soon the weather showed signs of re lenting. Abont a week later, Helen re marked, looking at the snow : " Yon will soon get rid of me now." "Yon will be better pleased to go than we to lose you," he returned dole fully. . " I don't know. I shall be sorry to leave the German lessons behind. What a happy thought that was of mine ! " she exclaimed. " I am not so snre of that" "Why! Yon mean they have inter rupted yon so dreadfolly < " " Yes ; " apd he left the room. She was purposely late at dinner that day, having gone into the library to fetch the book that lay open on his table, wMch she brought, and placed open, with out a word, at his side. " There ! I am not going to open-my lips to yon all dinner-time. I know I have been a dreadful interruption." He looked at her reproachfully — tenderly, as he closed the book without a word. Sbe read the look,- and grew em barrassed. The dinkier passed off in silence. That evening a note came from the Monnt Farm, which ran as follows : " Dearbst Helen, — Have yonr miseries equalled or surpassed ours ! We can only liken onrs to what the king mnst have felt when he called next morn ing to know if Daniel had been devoured or not. Was anything ever so unfortu nate as this frill ot snow ! Do tell as how you preserved yonr senses daring this fearful blockade, for we are posi tively concerned, knowing how and with whom we left yon ; our cruel laugh at parting has often risen np in jndgment against us, making ns remorseful ; bnt we are coming early, the day after to morrow to fetch yon home. Papa says we may venture in the carriage then, hot before. " We hope yon have kept a journal de- tailing your observations of the ways and customs of living fossils. Have yon dis covered to what species of defunct animal Mr. Hilton belongs — Megatherium or Dinotherium I But from the portraits of those worthies, they are far too com fortable-looking to claim relations with snch a starved specimen as Mr. Hilton, who resembles the Pterodactyle more, in the skeleton formation, which leaves a generally uncomfortable and disagreeable impression "We are anticipating glorious fon from yonr description, to make up for past sorrows, and our taste of Siberia. " Until the day after to-morrow, then (Annie begs I will write in the plural, and she will append her name); we remain, " Your affectionate friends, " Hmbi and Annie N ascot." " Even snow-storms have an end !" sighed Helen, as she sat down to reply to her friends' letter in no cheerful mood. sue " Bam mrerang le 'Mrraffl lbs. Hilton that day, bnt the next morning at break&st; she remarked to the former : " I am coming to yon for one more Ger man lesson, if you will he troubled to give it me." . — His hand trembled. Fatal sign in a' man I He may be confidently given, np for lost when that symptom appears. His hand trembled, and Helen Baw it. As he made no reply, she said : " May I come !" " Yon know yonr way," he answered impatiently, sighing, and soon after left the room, his fece having grown many shades paler since her first question. Half an hour later, she found Mm in the library, looking ntterly miserable. " What is the matter 1" she inquired, as she stood beside him. His heart was in Ms eyes as he looked up, with no gaze as if searching into the dead past, bat a broad, open, earnest look into tne ruture, as ne saia : - 1 think I am almost soriy the time has come for yon to go. I have grown fond of teaching. I wish you would stay a little longer, and let me tiy to teach yon one tMog more ; and here one arm stole timidly, oh, so tremblingly, round Helen, who forgot to resent the liberty ! " What is that !" "To love me a little," he whispered, in a voice choked with emotion, which betrayed how hopeless he felt the request; but which now meant everything to him. " Impossible !" she murmured, shaking her head. " I feared so T he stud, despondingly. " Do you know why f she asked, look ing np in Ms fece. "Why!" txaiuic x nave jetuueu. tuat iwovu already, and know it qnite by heart !" The German fared badiy that day, as they sat together and conned over an other lesson, the same in all languages, the truest and most blessed they or aDy one could learn. " Oh, what will the Narcots say !" she exclaimed. " How they will tease me F' and she gave him their letter to read, over wMch he langhed heartily. \- " Tell them, , nous aeons change taut cda, and that yon have dag np the old fossil, and placed him in the best museum any man can have — a woman's loving heart; where he hopes to remain for ever F "Bnt then I don't think; after all, yon could have been a proper, decent kind of fossil, yon," she said archly. j "Why!" "Because I found yon so near the surface ; and it was not very hard work digging yon ont," she added, with a bright, provoking laugh, " for yon were only buried under a fall of snow I" 