TKE BilO-.v'X . LIV'M vV.i. i. li 'i v. IN two i'.v:; ; s. — L'ai; i' CiiAi'Vi i: 11. - r, , j i'.v; i.! ni-M'.iii;. ; The i u id t1 I'd ii a cIdcxs in tl; j. House a:i ; i had ntruoiv twelve, an J uu apparent but j iit'CL'itl'ul quiet reigned in the castle, when j I .' ipluiu Urn w i'ol'd, Mr. Neiu-i viile, Sir Uveii j .Morse, ami T.nnu.y L'tixlelli, attended by -Mr. J Mi. is, ami ;i.lit<wi-il on tiptoe by a lew of the j other male -incuts at IJ.iruham, look their way tile central im.l. A number of servants, hilunl and motioniess, were assembled there. Mil el order ol proceeding had been so carefully bottled belotvhand that there was untiling to lie talked about, and the strictest silence prc- V died — silence which permitted the hurried breathing ol the women to he audible. The three doors which Communicated with the picture-gallery had beet: leltajaiyand the gallery was dimly lighted by a lew gas-jets, turned down to not much above the poiut of extinction Captain Crawford aud Tommy Toxtotll passed into the library by a door opening into the middle ol the hall, and took up a position behind that which communicated with the picture-gallery, Sir Cecil Morso uud Mr. Netterville passed into' the great diuiug-room by a similiar deer on the uther side of the hall, and took up a position behind that which communicated with the picture-gallery. The other gentlemen, with all the servants stand ing close behind thetu, 'placed thomselves at the central dour, which led from the hall into the picture-gallery, aud was opened to its full extent, -its two lalt'-ds laid back agaiust the ' wall. | These operations -had been performed with- out the aid of any other light than that which j the dimly-burning gas iti the gallery afforded, and the scene was uu impressive oue. " The mamzell isn't here," said oue of the servants in the lowest possible tone to the "serious" footrnuu. "Hush!" whispered Samuel', she will fee here directly. .'She can't get away until bsr ladyship is undressed." lie hud hardly spoken, when a light figure crossed the'dim hall with a uoiseleas step, and a touch ou the sleeve ol the " serious " foot man's coat made -him aware of Zelie's presence. "Is your pistol ready?" whispered Craw ford to Tommy Toxteth, as he 'took him gontly by the shoulders, uud placed bim in the narrow upeoiog of 'the door ou the left. " Face that way, and cover that -end." " Which Way is she-said to come ?" asked the lieutenant in a less heroic tone than he could have wished. " No oue knows, us we already told yon.; so there's an equal chanoe for both." Au almost identically-similar dialogue had taken place in the great dining-room, where Sir Cecil Morse aud Mr. Nettorville were posted. M'r. Netterville faced -the door on the right, at the eud of the gallen, the staircase immediately outside which communicated with the right wing of the<building, containing the Countess's apartmeute. " It is settled that we give the ghost till una, isn't lit?" said Mr. Netterville. Quite long -enough, I think;; the servants might be persuaded that they had seen e dozen by that time." "Husb!" said Sir 'Cecil ; "don't whisper. If any of the ladies are up, they might think it was thieves," Dead silence. Waiting.'' Something like genuine -awe among the servants. Something not altogether like incredulity 'among the gentlemen. Perfect stillneBB among all. The women's cold hands grasp the men's, and they stand very close together, and have strange lamps in their throats, and shivers through their limbs.; and there us not one of them bat -knows it she tried to speak she conld not do it. A quarter-past twelve. Dead -silence. Waiting. Then the sudden, horrible howling of a dog, which makes the women start and catch itheir breath, -and-some of them eel, that if they were Dot afraid of the gentle- xnon, who are watching intently, and whom, soch is the power of their caste, they dare -not, even for terror's potent sake, disturb, they would run -away, if indeed their limbs would carry them.; but- if they should not, .then it would -be a relief to -drop dewn where they stand. Dead silence. W siting. But there was a slight noise which, if every sar were not painfully strained. in one direction, might have been heard. From Lady Burn- ham'e boudoir a glass-door opened ou a light iron stair ieadiug to the flower-garden, which iu the summer bad formed her chief pleasure at Barnham. The slight noise above men tioned was caused by the nnlocking of this heavily-curtained door, and the entrance into the warm and lighted room of no unauthorised intruder, , but of Lord Buruham. He bad caught the last train at the last minute, and had walked over from the stataion, guided by the cold wiutry mponlight, aud taking a well-known short cut which brought him to the Bower-garden. He looked across it, saw the lights in his wife's rooms, and decided on Jetting himself in by the side-door, and enjoy- iug her delight and surprise. She was still up, he knew, for he saw a shadow passing back and forwards once or twice 83 be crossed the garden. He opened the door, pushed the curtain aside, and looked eagerly in the room. Adeline was not there. He locked the glass- door, and went into the dressing-rcom, which was in great eonfnsion but empty; then into her bedroom, with the same result. "She hasn't come up yet," he thought; " they are iu the saloon. I wish she had been here; T don't want to go downstairs;" and he went irresolutely into the corridor. No 'lights, no servants about. He took a wax- light from Adeliue's dressing- table, and went quiekly towards the soloon, which was empty. '"They must be at supper iu the dining-room," he thought. Then he crossed ths saloon with a hasty step, and went out of the door which opened on a corridor communicating with the staircase of the right wiug. The wax-light in his hand burned dimly, and flckered as the draaght from the closing door caught it, 'out the light sufficed to show Lord Burnham that he was not alone. From the far end of the corridor into the centre of which he had emerge.!, something came towards him, some thing which chilled his blood and made his heart stand still — something iu human shape, vvkiuh was the fjrta ji a oeautitul woman and yet was no woman. An awful phautom, with a shadowy face, as o: a woman with brawn bright eyes aud rich brown hair, heaped up from the broad brow, aud falliug on bare polished shoulders, majestic yet terrible, tor the luminous form had the semblance of ' " i'.nii yet had it not. and sight of it . ' >.i .-) and agony of death without '.r. .1..:;. v, or anything hilt f « ; i : . The u t-.i-. - i.iro, walking, but tint j w.».k ; movement was not j .i at i.e.- limb., but wart au onward j rt , tirt oi li.o U tail. The awiili presence j w:.s clothed in phautom garments, of rich, ! trailing- brown satin; the trait) was held a.-b.io by one hand, and a foot shone beneath j the skirt, a motionless font which yet was ! borne along, and on which diamonds g-lcatned. : L:i the other hand wore two rich lvd roses ; and when the awful thing- had passe i by the cow iM'ing human wretch who shrunk against the wall, it turned, tttid with the hand which hold the two red ruses npiilteil again art by a sweeping wind, waved him to follow it. The light had dropped Irom his hand and was | quenched, but he needed no light to do that terrific bidding. From the awful presence, came something' that was not light, hut yet which banished darkness, which forbade the blessedness ol seeing it no more. On went | the pbatitom, down the widu flat stairs, tlia satin train sweeping noiselessly over the crimson carpet, on, ou, to the right liaml door of the picture-gallery, on which the eyes of Sir Cecil Morse aud Mr. Netterville were intently fixed. Dead silence. Waiting. Half-past twelve. There is the slightest possible movement of the loft-haud door of the picture- gallery, there is the lowest whisper breathed into Crawford's . oar — " My God ! There it is ! " Aud the Brown Lady glides through the doorway — her liuad up, her brown hair tailing on her neck, her satin train held back with : that queenly gesture of the hand, the two rich red roses nestling against the lustrous folds of her dross, the raised skirt showing the beauti- | ful foot with the glitteriugdiumoiid buckle. In ! another second Captain Crawford lias wrenched ; the pistol from Tommy Toxteth's hand, aud ; with a loud cry of "Lady Burnham, stop! for God's sako, stop !" has caught the Brown Lady in his arms; but within the same instant a shut rings sharply through the gallery, aud a heavy fall is heard outside the opposite door. They laid the young man's lifeless body on the floor, where his wretched wife had flung herself, and, at her earnest prayer, permitted her to soarch for the wound, which Mr. Netterville fruntically accused himself of having inflicted. But there was no wound, and the Bullet which had been fired at the ghost was fouud on the carpet, six feet within the door whose fhroshold the dead man had not crossed. He was quite dead. She kuew it; she needed no one to toll her, or to tell, her why. For as she — daring, impious fool, as she should for evermore know herself to be — came in through the door to play her ghastly part, she had seen the phantom; seen the horrible presence which sho had dared to mock — trifling with fearful mysteries into which none .may look without deadly sin — and knew iu another instant it that had slain her husband. Everyone had seen the ghost. The Brown ,Lady was a ten-thousand-fold terrible truth to the house of iRaby now. Amid all the wild confusion, the utter bewilderment of horror aud despair, the help less movement, the clamour just hushing itself involuntarily within the immediate neighbour hood of the dead, tho frantic misery of the parents, the .grief of the friends, the sheer frightof the sorvants — Adeline was quiet, and alone. She sat still upon the floor, her burden on her knees, her arms clasped round it, and her head bent over the still, white face. Tho medical aid, which they knew too well conld not avail, was sent for, and to all entreaties Bbe was deaf. " When the doctor comes, he shall touch him ; no one till than ; leave me alone till then.". They -shrank from her appalled, as she .gathered up the -shinning Batin train, and iflung it like a sheet over her head. It fell around ber figure, and lay over tte dead man ; and as she sat there, though her senses re mained to (her, -Adeltue Bnrnham's heart died. ,t if » Lord Marlesdale -still lives, and 'Burnham Castle has not yet passed into the posBes- Biou of that obnoxious person to whom the late Countess (her name, is commemorated, with her son's, on a splendid memorial-window in Burnham Church, as well as the magnificent family tombj bad such a dislike. The Earl is still fond of a quiet life, and enjoys it, in general, with his daughter Madeleine. He is not very sad considering; bat then, as he says, j he is an old man ; and it is wonderful what old people can bear. When his widowed daughter-in-law comes to see him he likes to see her, cf course, but her sternness, her gravity, her intense seriousness oppress bim m spite of himself, and he is rather anxious she should not remain very long, which she knows, and accordingly makes her stay short, tohe never visits Bnrufaam — indeed, the castle has been let to n rich banker for the last five years — and the Lady Blanche Croaker regards that circumstance as a Epecial grace bestowed upon the parish. "The very mention of her name, Jooiah, ought to make a Christian wife aud mother shudder," she says, with needless iteration ; and in that double capacity that Lady Blanche shudders strongly aud often. In the picture-gallery at Buruham Castle there is an empty space wnere the protrait ct French CounteBB hung ; but a deeper and more tragical interest is attached to the Brown Lady, and the neighbourhood has stronger faith than ever in the Burnham ghost. 