The Vatican Decrees. By a circular, dated November 22, the clergy of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Westminster were requested to read the fol lowing notice at High mass, and at tliu even ing service on Sunday : — ' Dear children in Jesus Christ. 'I. On Sunday, 28th of \ugust, 1870, the .following from his Eminence Cardinal Antonelli was read by our order in all churches of this diocese : — '' Rome, August 11, 1870. ' ' It has been made known to the Holy See that some among the faithful, and per haps even among the Bishops, are of opinion that the Apostolic Constitution, which was published in the Season of the (Ecumenical Council of the Vatican on the 18th day of the month of July, will not be of obligation until it has been solemnly published by some further act of the Holy See. How strange such a supposition is any one may easily know. ' ' ' The said Constitution bad the most solemn publication possible on the very day on which, in the Vatican Basilica, it had been solemnly confirmed and promulgated by the Sovereign Pontiff in the presence of more than 500 Bishops, for it was on that day, al though there was no such necessity in this case, put up with the customary formalities in the usual places of Home, so that, according to the well-known rule, it was made obligatory for the whole Catholic world without need of any. further publication ^whatsoever. ' ' I have thought it my duty to communi cate these brief observations to you, hi order that they may be your guide in the event of any doubts that may. from any quarter be i brought before you: ' ' James Cardinal Antoneixi.' ' This declaration was made by the Car dinal in answer' to the objection of some per sons who had thought the decrees of the Vatican Council, although they had been so lemnly defined and confirmed by the Sover eign Pontiff in the Council itself, might re quire some further ^promulgation as a condition of their being regarded as publicly binding upon the whole Church. ' II.. Events which unhappily are notorious induce us to make known to the Faithful,' lest any should be misled by the words or example of one or two who 3till profess to be Catholic, that whosoever does not in his heart receive and '|believe the doctrine of the in fallibility of the Vicar of Jesus Christ, as they have been defined by the Supreme Authority of the Church, does by that very fact cease to be a Catholic. ' The Encyclical Ineffabilis Dem, by which, on the 8th of December, 1854, the Sovereign Pontiff defined ' that the most blessed Virgin Mary' was, by a singular grace and privilege of Almighty God, and by reason of the merits of Jesus Christ the -Saviour of mankind, preserved in the first moment of her conception free from all stain of original sin, contained these words : — ''Wherefore, if any persons, which God forbid, shall persume to think in their hearts otherwise than we have now defined, let them know that they are condemned by their own judgment, that they have suffered shipwreck in faith, and have fallen away from the unity of the Church.' ' In like manner, the Constitution of the Vatican Council, which denned that ' the Roman Pontiff, when he speaks ex cathedrd — that is, when discharging the office of Pastor and Teacher of the Christians, he, by virtue of his supreme Apostolic authority, defines a doctorine of faith or morals to be held by the Universal Church' — is infallible, ended with these words : — ' 'And if any one, which God forbid, shall presume to contradict this our definition, let him be anathema.' ' III. It has come to our knowledge that some who openly refuse to believe the said doctrines persist, nevertheless, in calling- them selves Catholics, anil give out that they go to Confession and to Holy Communion in the Catholic Church. We therefore hereby warn them that, in so doing, they deceive our clergy by concealing their unbelief, and that in every such Confession and Communion they commit u sacrilege, to tlieir own greater condemnation. ' We rejoice to know, dear children in Jesus Christ, that of such men there are few indeed. But, lest their words or example should seem to be tolerated by the Catholic Church, we make this declaration ; and wfi make it with an earnest prayer, that the Holy Spirit of God, against Whom they are strivittg, may bring them to repentance. _. ' May the grace of the Holy Ghost abun dantly confirm you in His infallible guidance. ' Henry Edward, Archbishop of West minster.' November 22. 