T H B D S A D 8 S C R S 7. BOOK IV. CHAPTER II. (CONTINUED.) OUTSIDE TOE HOUSE BV WILKIE COBMKB. •• • » Throughout tho whole journey, Uncle Joseph had not made a single reference to the objpet for which it had been undertaken. Possessing a child's simplicity of nature, he was also endowed with a child's elasticity of disposition. The doubts and forebodings which troubled his niece's spirit, and kopt her silent, and thoughtful, and sad, cast uo darkening shadow over tho natural sunshine of his iniud. If he had really been travelling for pleasure alone, he could not have enjoyed more thoroughly than he did the different sights and events of the journey. All the happiness which the passing minute had to give him, ho took as readily and gratefully as if there was no uncertainty in the future, uo doubt, difficulty, or danger lying in wait for him at the journey's end. Before he had been halfan-hour in the coach, he had begun to tell the third inside passenger—a rigid old lady, who stared at him in speechless amazement—the whole history of the musical box, ending tho narrative by setting it playing, in defiance of all the noise that the rolling wheels could make. When they left the coach, he was just as sociable afterwards with the driver of the chaise, vaunting the superiority of German; beer over Cornish cider, and making Ids remarks upon the objects which they passed on the road with the pleasantest familiarity, and the heartiest enjoyment of his own jokes. It was not till he and Sarah were well out of the little town, and away by themselves on the great moor which stretched beyond it, that his manner altered, and his talk ceased altogether. After walking on in silence for some little time, with his niece's arm in his, he suddenly stopped, looked her earnestly and kindly in the face, and laid his hand on hers. " There i6 yet one thing more I want to ask you, my child," he said. " The journey has put it out of my head, but it has been in my heart all the time. When we leave this place of Porthgenna, and get back to my house, you will not go away I you will not leave Uncle Joseph again? Are you in service still, Sarah ? Axe you not your own master yet 1" " I was in service a few days since," she answered. " But I am free now. I have lost my place." " Aha! You have lost your place; and why?' "Because I would not hear an innocent person unjustly blamed. Because " She checked herself But the few words she had said were spoken with such a suddenlyheightened colour, and with such an extraordinary emphasis and resolution of tone, that the old man opened his eyes as widely as possible, looked at his nieco in undisguised astonishment. "Bo! so! so!" he exclaimed. "What! You have had a quarrel, Sarah V " Hush! Don't ask me any more questions now !" she pleaded earnestly. " I am too anxious and too frightened to answer. Uncle! this is Porthgenna Moor—this is the road I passed over, sixteen years ago,, when I ran away to you. O! let us get on, pray let U6 get on J I can't thiuk of anything now but the house we are so near, and tho risk wo are going to run." They went on quickly, in silence. Half-anhour'fi rapid walking brought them to the highest elevation on the moor, and gave the whole western prospect grandly to then- view. There, below them, waa the dark, louesome, spacious structure of Porthgenna Tower, with the sunlight already stealing round towards the windows of the west front! There was the path winding away to it gracefully over the brown moor, in curves of dazzling white ! There, lower down, was the solitary old church, with the peaceful burial-ground nestling by its side! There, lower still, were the little, scattered roofe of . the fishermen's cottages ! And there, beyond* all, was the changeless gloryof theeea, with its old seething lines of foam, with .the old winding margin of its yellow shores! Sixteen long years—-such years of sorrow, such years of suffering, such years of change, counted by the pulses of the living heart!—had passed over the dead tranquility of Porthgenna, and had altered it as little as if they had all been contained within the lapse of ia single day! The moments when the spirit within us is most deeply stirred, are almost invariably the moments also when its outward manifestations are hardest to detect. Our own thoughts rise above UB ; our own feelings lie deeper than we can reach. How seldom "words can help us, when their help is most wanted! How often Our tears are dried up when we most long for thenr toi-elicve us! "Was there ever a strong emftaoa in this world that could adequately express its own strength} What third person, brought face to face with the old man and liis niece, as they now stood together on tho moor, would have suspected, to look at them, tliat the one was contemplating the landscape with nothing mora than a stranger's curiosity, and that tho other was viewing it through tho recollections of half a life-timo I Tho eyes of both were dry, tho tongues of both were silent, the faces of both wore set with equal attention towards the prospect. Even between themselves there waa no real sympathy, no intelligible appeal from one spirit to the other. The old man's quiet admiration of tho view was not more briefly and readily expressed, when they moved forward and spoke to each other, than the customary phrases of assent by which his niece replied to tho little that he said. How many moments there are in this niortal life, when, with all our boasted powers of speech, tho words of our vocabulary treacherously fade out, and tho page presents nothing to us but the sight of a perfect blank ! Slowly descending tho slope of the moor, the uncle and niece drew nearer and nearer to Porthgenna Tower. They wore within a quarter of an hour's walk of tho house when Sarah stopped at a place where a second path intersected the main foot-track which they had hitherto been following. On the left hand, as the now stood, the cross-path ran on until it was lost to the eye in the expanse of the moor. On the right hand it led straight to the church. " What do we stop for now ?" asked Uncle Joseph, looking first in one direction and then in the other. " Would you mind waiting for me here a little while, uncle ? I can't pass the church path " she paused, in 6ome trouble how to express herself—" without wishing (as I don't know what may happen after we get to the house), without wishing to see—to look at something " She stopped again, and turned her face wistfully towards the church. The tears which liad never wetted her eyes at the first view of Porthgenna, were beginning to rise in them now. Uncle Joseph's natural delicacy warned him tliat it would be best to abstain from asking her for any explanations. " Go you where you like, to see what you like," he said, patting her on the shoulder. " I shall stop here to make myself happy with my pipe; and Mozart shall come out of his cage, and sing a little in this fine fresh air." Ho unslung the leather case from his shoulder while he spoke, took out the musical box, and set it ringing its tiny appeal to the second of the two airs which it was constructed to play the minuet in Don Giovanni Sarah left him looking about carefully, not for a seat for himself, but for a smooth bit of rock to place the box upou. When ho had found this, he lit his pipe, and sat down to his music and his smoking, like an epicure to a good dinner. " Aha!" he exclaimed to himself, looking round as composedly at the wild prospect on all sides of him, as If he was still in his own little parlour at Truro—" Aha ! Here is a fine big music-room, my friend Mozart, for you to sing in ! Ouf! there is wind enough in this place to blow your pretty dauce-tune out to sea, and give the sailor-people a taste of it as they roll about in their ships." Meanwhile, Sarah walked on rapidly towards tho church, and entered the inclosureof tho little burial-ground. Towards that same pait of it, to which she had directed her steps on the morning of her mistress's death, she now turned her face again, after a lapse of sixteen years. Here, at least, the march of time had left its palpable track—its footprints whose marks were graves. How many a little spot of ground, empty when she last saw it, had its mounds and its headstone now! The one grave that sha had come to see—the grave which had stood apart in the byegonc days, had companion-graves on the right hand and on the left. She could not have singled it out but for the weather-stains on the headstone, which told of storm and rain passing over it, that had not passed over the rest The mound was still kept in shape; but the grass grew long, and waved a dreary welcome to her, as the wind swept through it. She knelt down by the stone, and tried to read the inscription. The black paint which had once made the carved words distinct was all flayed off from them now. To any other eyes but hers, the very name of the dead man would have been hard to trace. She sighed heavily as she followed tho letters of tho inscription mechanically, one by one, with her finger:— \- SAOBED TO THE MEMORY OF HUGH POLWHEAL, AGED 26 YEABS. HE MET WITH HIS DEATH THBOUGH THE PALL OP A BOOK IN POBTHQENNA MINE, DECEMBER 17TH, 1823. Her hand lingered over the letters after it had followed them .to the last line; and ehe bohfc forward end pressed hot lips on tho etone. i "Bettor so!" she said to herself, as she rose from her knees, and looked down at.the inscription for the last time. "Better it should fado out so! Fewer strangers' eyes will sea it ; fewer strangers' feet will follow where mine have been—ho will lie all the quieter in tho place of his rest!" She brushed tho tears from her eyes, and gathered a few blades of grass from the grave —then left the churchyard. Outside tho hedge that surrounded the enclosure, she stopped for a moment, and drew from tlio bosom of her dross the little book of Wesley's Hymns, which she had taken with her from the desk in her bedroom on tho morning of Iter flight from Porthgenna. The withered remains of the grass that she had plucked from the grave sixteen years ago, lay between the pages still She added to them the fresh fragments that she had just gathered, replaced the book in tho bosom of her dress, and hastened back over the moor to tho spot where the old man was waiting for her. She found him packing up the musical-box again in its leather case. " A good wind," ho said, holding up the palm of his hand to the fresh breeze tliat was sweeping over the moor —"A very good wind indeed, if you take him by himself—but a bitter bad wind if you take him with Mozart. He blows off the tune as if it was the hat on my head. You come back, my child, just at the nick of time—just when my pipe is done, and Mozart is ready to travel along the road once more. Ah, have you got the crying look in your eyes again, Sarah ! What have you met with to make you cry? So! so! I see—the fewer questions I ask just now, the better you will like me. Good. I have done. No! I have a last question yet What are we standing here for? why do wo not go on?" " Yes, yes; you are right, Uncle Joseph; let us go on at once. I sliall lose all the little courage I have, if we 6tay here much, longer looking at the house." They proceeded down the path without another moment of delay. When they had reached the end of it, they stood opposite the eastern boundaiy wall of Porthgenna Tower. The principal entrance to the house, which had been very rarely used of late years, was in the west front, and was approached by a terrace road that overlooked the sea. The smaller entrance, wliicli was generally used, was situated on the south side of the building, and led through tho servants' offices to the great hall and the west staircase. Sarah's old experience of Porthgenna guided her instincr tively towards this part of the house. She led her companion on, until they gained the southern angle of the east wall—then stopped and looked about her. Since they had passed the postman and had entered on the moor, they had not set eyes on a living creature; and still, though they were now under the very walls of Porthgenna, neither man, woman, nor child—not even a domestic animal—appeared in view. "It is very lonely here," said Sarah, looking round her distrustfully; " much lonelier than it used to be." " Is it only to tell me what I can see for myself that you are stopping now?" asked Uncle Joseph, whose inveterate cheerfulness would have been proof against the solitude of Sahara itself. "No, no!" she answered, in a quick anxious whisper. " But the bell we must ring at is so close—only round there—I should like to know what we are to say when we come face to face with the servant. You told me it was time enough to tliink about that when we were at the door. Uncle! we are all but at the door now. What shall we do i" " The first thing to do," said Uncle Joseph, shrugging his shoulders, " is surely to ring." " Yes—but when the servant comes, what . are we to say ?" "Say!" repeated Uncle Joseph, knitting his eyebrows quite fiercely with the effort of thinking, and rapping his forehead iwith his forctiuger, just under his hat. "Say? Stop, stop, stop, stop! All, I have got it! I know! Make yourself quite easy, Sarah. Theinoment the door is opened, all the speaking to the servant shall be done by me." " 0, how you relieve me! What shall you say?" • "Say? This;—'How do you do? We have come to see the house.'" When he had disclosed that remarkable expedient for effecting an entrance into Porthgenna Tower, he spread iout both his hands interrogatively, drew back several paces from his nieco, and looked at her with the sbrenely self-satisfied air of a man who has leapt, atone mental bound, from a doubt to a discovery. Sarah gazed at him in astonishment. The expression of absolute conviction on his face staggered her. Tho poorest of all the poor excuses for gaining admission into the house, which she lierself had thought of; ;*iiid had - rejected, during the previous: night; fceemed like the Very perfection of arfcifice by oompari- ; son with ssuch a childishly simplb «ipediBrit ; / as that suggested by tfncle Joseph. Afreet ! * / ^ " . 1,11 /Apparently quite convinced /i\ on the means Not of smoothing AV, Steele® not believing at once. sufficiently Not knowing the -of hw own doubts to venture on openly an opinion either one way or the Jsty she took the last refuge that was now /m, open to her—she endeavoured to gain time. / "It is very, very good of you, unelc, to take all the difficulty of speaking to the servant on your own shoulders," she said; the hidden despondency at her heart expressing iteelf, in write of her, in the feintness of her voice, and the forlorn perplexity of her eyes. " But Would you mind waiting a little before we ring at the door, and walking up and down for a few minutes by the side of this wall, where nobody is likely to see us f I want to get a little more time to prepare myself for the trial that I have to go through; and—and in case the servant makes any difficulties about letting eg in—I mean difficulties that we cannot just mow anticipate—would it h"t IK- as well to think of something else to say at the door! Perhaps, if you were io consider again " "There is not the least need," interposed Uncle Joseph. " I liave only to speak to the servant, and—crick! craok!—you will see that we shall get in. liut I will walk up and down as long as you please. Then- is no reason, because I have done all my tliinking iu one moment, that you should have done all your thinking in one moment too. No, no. no—no reason at all." -Saying those words with a patronising air, and a self-satisfied smile, which would have been irresistibly comical under any less critical circumstances, the old man again offered his arm to liis niece, and led her back over the broken ground that lay under the eastern wall of Porthgenna Tower. While Sarah was waiting in doubt outside the walls, it happened, by a curious coincidence, that another person, vested with the highest domestic authority, was also waiting in doubt inside the walls. This person was no other than the housekeeper of Porthgenna Tower; and the cause of her perplexity was nothing less than the letter which had been delivered by the postman that very morning. It was a letter from Mrs. Franklaud, which had been written after she had held a long conversation with her husband and Mr. Orridge, on receiving the last fragments of information which the doctor was able to communicate in reference to Mrs. -Jazeph. Hie housekeeper had read the letter through over and over again, and was more puzzled and astonished by it at even* fresh reading. She was now waiting for the return of the steward, Mr. Munder, from his occupations out of doore with the intention of taking his opinion on the singular communication which she had re-; coivod from her mistress. "Willie Sarah and her uncle were still walking np and down outside the eastern wall Mr. Munder entered the housekeeper's room. He was one of those tall, grave, benevolent-looking men, with a conical head, a deep voice, a slow step, and a heavy manner, who passively contrive to get a great reputation for wisdom without the trouble of saying or doing any thing to deserve it All round the Porthgenna neighbourhood, the steward was popularly spoken of as a remarkably sound, sensible man; and the housekeeper, although a sharp woman in other matters, in this one respect shared to a luge extent in the general delusion. " Good morning, Mrs. Pentreath," said Mr. Munder.• "Any news to-day?" What a weight and importance his deep voice and his impressively slow method of using it, gave to those two insignificant sentences! " News, Mr. Munder, that will astonish you," replied the housekeeper. " I have re cejved a letter this morning from Mrs. Frankland, which is, without any exception, the most mystifying thing of the sort I ever met with. I am told to communicate the letter to you; and I have been waiting the whole morning to hear your opinion of it. Pray sit down, rand give me all your attention—for I do positively assure you that the letter requires it." Mr, Munder sat down, and became the picture of attention immediately'—not of ordinary attention, which can be wearied, but of judici& attention, which knows 110 fatigue, and is superior alike to the power of dulness and the power of time. The housekeeper, without wasting the precious minutes—Mr. Munder'a minutes, which tanked next on the scalo of importance to a prime minister's!— opened* her mistress's letter, and, resisting the natural -temptation to make a few more prefatory remarks on it, immediately favoured the steward with the first paragraph, in the following terms:— > " MBS.EENTBEATH, S.. "Youihustbe tired of receiving letters from me, fiidng a day forthe arrival of Mr. Frankland 'and niyeel£•! On this, the third. occasion of my writing to.youabout our plans, it will be best, ! think, to make no third appointment, but: ; j£erely$> that we shall leave West ItfanstoiL'&r; i?qrtngentia£lie moment I can get « 80 far," remarked Mrs. Pentreath, placing the letter on her lap, and smoothing it out rather irritably while she spoke—'" so for, there is nothing of much consequence. The letter certainlv seems to me (l*?twwn ourselves) to be written in rather poor language—too much like common talking to coroe up to uir idea of wliat a lady's style of composition ought to }»c—hut that is a matter of opinion. I can't say, and T should be the last person to wish to say, tliat the beginning of Mrs. Frankland's letter is not, upon the whole, perfectly clear. It is the middle and the end that I wish to consult vou about, Mr. Munder." " Just so," said Mr. Muuder. Only two words, but more meaning in them than two hundred in the mouth of an ordinary man! The housekeeper cleared her throat with extraordinary loudness and elaboration, and read on thus:— " My principal object in writing these lines is to request, by Mr. Fraukland's desire, that v«.u and Mr. Mundt-i will endeavour to ascertain, as privately as j>ossible. whether a person now travelling in Cornwall—in whom we happen to be much interested—has W11 yet seen iu the neighbourhood of Porthgenna. The person in question is known to us by the name of Mrs. Jazeph. She is an elderly woman, of quiet lady-like manner?, looking nervous and in delicate health. She dresses, according to our experience of her, with extreme propriety and neatness, and iu dark colour?. Her eyes have a singular expression of timidity, her voice is particularly soft and low. and her manner is frequently marked by extreme hesitation. I aai thus particular in describing her, in case she should not IK- travelling under the name by whicli we know her. " For reasons, which it is not necessary to state, both my husband and myself think it probable that, at some former period of her life, Mrs. Jazeph may have been connected with the Porthgenna neighbourhood. Whether this be the fact or no, it is indisputably certain that she is familiar with the interior of Porthgenna Tower, and that she lias an interest of some kind, quite incomprehensible to us, in the house. Coupling these facts with the knowledge we ha . e of her being now in Cornwall, we think it just within the range of possibility, that you. or Mr. Munder, or some other person in our employment, may meet with her; and we are particularly anxious, if she should by any chance ask to see the house, not only that you should show her over it with perfect readiness and civility, but also that you should take private and particular notice of her conduct fircm the time when she enters the building to the time when she leaves it. Do not let her out of your sight for a moment; and, if possible, pray get some trustworthy person to follow her unpeiceived, and ascertain where she goes to after she has quitted the: house. It is of the most vital importance that these instructions (strange as they may seem to you) should lie implicitly obeyed to the very letter. I have only room and time to add, that we know nothing to the discredit of this person, and that we particularly desire you will manage matters with sufficient discretion (in case you meet with her) to prevent her from having any suspicion that you are acting under orders, or that you have any especial interest in watching her movements. You will be good enough to communicate this letter to the steward, and you are at liberty to repeat the instructions in it to any other trustworthy person, if necessary. " Yours tridy, " ROSAMOND FRAXKLAND. " P.S.—I have left my room, and the baby is getting on charmingly." " There!" said the housekeeper. " Who is to make head or tail of that, I should like to know ! Did you ever, in all your experience, Mr. Munder, meet with such a letter before 1 Here is a very heavy responsibility laid on our shoulders, without one word of explanation. I have been puzzling my brains about what their interest iu this mysterious woman can be, the whole morning ; and the more I think, tint less comes of it. What is your opinion, Mr. Mu nder i We ought to do something immediately. Is there any course in particular which you feel disposed to point out f' Mr. Munder coughed dubiously, crossed his right leg over his left, put his head critically on one side, coughed for the second time, and looked at the housekeeper. If it had belonged to any other nrnn in the world, Mrs. Pentrcath would have considered that the face which now confronted hers expressed nothing but the most profound and vacaut bewilderment. But it was Mr. Munder's face and it was oidy to be looked at with sentiments of respectful expectation? " I rather think—" began Mr. Munder. " Yes?" said the housekeeper, eagerly. Before another word could be spoken, the maid-servant entered the room to lay the cloth for Mrs. Pentreath's dinner. There, there 1 never mind now, Betsey," said the' housekeeper, impatiently. " Don't lay the doth Ml I ring for you. Mr. Munder and T have somoHiing ywy4to£6ri&t; ti> talk! about, and anil we tt*A rtnu'tKA can't be interrupted intrtinintiil just insf yet rof " She had liardly said the word, before an interruption of the most unexpected kind happened. The door-bell rang. This was a very unusual occurrence at Porthgenna Tower. The few persons who had any occasion to come to the house on domestic business, always entered by a small side gate, which was left on the latch in the day- time. "Who iu the world can that be!" exclaimed Mrs. Pentreath, hastening to the "window, which commanded a side view of the Iowa dojr step? The first object that met her eye when she looked out, was a lady standing on the lowest step—a lady dressed very neatly in quiet, dark colours. 41 Good Heavens, Mr. Munder!" crlcd the housekeeper, hurrying back to the table, and snatching up Mrs. Fraukland's letter, which she had left on it. " There is a stranger waiting at the door at this von* moment I a ladv ! nr. at least, a woman—and dressod neatly, dressed in dark colors! You might knock me down, Mr. Munder, with a feather! Stop Betsey :—stop where you are '. " I was only going, ma'am, to answer the door," said Betsey, in amazement. " Stop where you are," reiterated Mrs. Pentreath. composing herself by a great effort. " I happen to have certain reasons on this particular occasion, for descending out of my own place and putting myself into yours. Stand out of the way, you staring fool! I am going up-stairs to answer that ring at the door myself." CHAPTER III. IXBIDE THE HOCSE. Mrs. Pentreath's surprise at seeing a lady through the window was doubled by her amazement at seeing a gentleman, when she opened the door. Waiting close to the bell- Imndle, after he had rung, instead of rejoining Ids niece on the step. Uncle Joseph stood near enough to the house to be out of the range of view from Mrs. Pentreath's window. To the housekeeper's excited imagination, he appeared on the threshold with the suddenness of an apparition of a little rosy-faced old gentleman, smiling, bowing, and taking off his hat with L superb flourish of politeness, which liad iomething quite superhuman in the sweep and the dexterity of it. " How do you do t We have come to see the house," said Uncle .Joseph, trying his infallible expedient for gaining admission, the instant the door was open. Mrs. Pentreath was struck speecldess. Who was this familiar old gentleman with the foreign accent aud the fantastic bow? and what did he mean by talking to her as if she was his intimate friend 1 Sirs. Frankland's letter said not so much, from beginning to end as one word about him. " How do you do ? We have come to see the house," repeated Uncle Joseph, giving his irresistible form of salutation the benefit of a second trial " So you said just now, sir," remarked Mrs. Pentreath, recovering self-possession enough to use her tongue in her own defence, " Does the lady," she continued, looking down over the old man's shoulder at the stop on which his niece was standing; "does the lady wish to see the house too I" Sarah's gently-spoken reply in the affirmative, short as it was, convinced the housekeeper that the woman described in Mis. Fraukland's letter really and truly stood before her. Besides the neat, quiet dress, there was now the softly-toned voice, and, when she looked up for a moment, there were the timid eyes also to indentify her by ! In relation to this one of the two strangers, Mrs. Pentreath, however agitated aud surprised she might be could no longer feel any uncertainty about the course she ought to adopt. But in relation to the other visitor, the incomprehensible old foreigner, she was beset by the most bewildering doubts. Would it be safest to hold to the letter of Mrs. Frankland's instructions, and ask him to wait outside the wall while the lady was being shown over the house ? or would it be best to act on her own responsibility, and to risk giving him admission as well as his companion 1 This was a difficult point to decide, and therefore one which it was necessary to submit to the superior sagacity of Mr. Munder. " Will you step in for a moment, and wait here while I speak to the steward I" said Mrs. Pentrcath, pointedly neglecting to notice the familiar old foreigner, aud addressing' herself straight through him to the lady on the steps below. "Thank you veiy much," said Uncle Joseph, smiling and bowing, impervious to rebuke. " What did I tell you ?" he whispered triumphantly to his niece, as she passed him. on her way into the house. Mrs. Pentreath's first impulse was to ? go downstairs at once, and fipeak to Mr.: Munder But a timely recollection of tkatpartofM»3. Fwikhmd%JMterlmMitk ^oi^d^oti&t; to lose IrtcA eight ^nl,^ of the iU* lady in ' the aV . quirt . .'I drew, « She w^l^&M;^^^pMucZlf^m^a. brance of this still particular injunction, by a curious alteration in the conduct of the lady herself, who seemed to lose all her diffidence, andtd bytosurpija^liij^&t; to^^iVT the way into the interior of the house, themoment she had stepped across the threshold. " Betsey!" cried Mrs. Pentreath, cautiously calling to the|enmt^r%ghe^had, only jat tired a fs*r pages ^m tha vwlots/^ Betsej^ ask Mr.^Munder to lie so^ldnd'as to step" thfe way." M*. Mimder ptftsent^ hiiti^ ^ gmn deliberation, and with a certain lowering dignity in his feco. He had been accustomed to be treated with deference, and he was not pleased with the housekeeper for unceremoniously leaving him the moment she heard the ring at the bell, without giving him time to pronounce an opinion on Mrs. Frankland's letter. Accordingly, when Mrs, pentreath, in a high state of excitement, drew him aside out of hearing, and confided to hiqi^ iu a whisper, the astouiHlingintelh'gcnce^t^he lady in whom Sir. and Mrs. Frankland were so mysteriously interested, was at that moment, actually standing before him. in the house, he received her communication with an air of the most provoking indifference. It was worse still, when she proceeded to state her difficulties—warily keeping her eye on the two strangers all the while. Appeal s respectfully as she might to Mr. Munder's superior wisdom for guidance, he persisted in listening with a disparaging frown, and ended by irritably contradicting her when she ventured to add, in conclusion, that her own ideas inclined her to assume no responsibility, and to beg the foreign gentleman to wait outside while the lady, in conformity with Mrs. Frankland's instructions, was being shown over the house. " Such may be your opinion, ma'am," said Mr. Munder severely. " It is not mine." she suggested deferentially, " you think that the foreign old gentleman would be likely to insist on going over the house with the lady i" " Of course I think so," said Mr. Munder. (He had thought nothing of the sort; his only idea just then being the idea of asserting his own supremacy by setting himself steadily in position to any preconceived arrangements Mis. Pentreath.) " Then you would take the responsibility of showing them both over the house, seeing ; that they have both come to the door ' together !" asked the housekeeper. " Of course I would," answered tlie steward with the promptitude of resolution which distinguishes all superior men. " Well, Mr. Munder, I am always glad to be guided by your opiiiion, and I will be guided by it now," said 3Irs. Pentreath. " But, as there will be two people to look after -for I would not trust the foreigner out of sight on any consideration whatever—I must really beg you to share the trouble of showing _ them over the house along with me. I am so excited and nervous, that I don't feel as if I had ail my wits about me—I never was placed in such a position as this before—I am in the midst of mysteries that I don't understand—and, in short, if I can't count on your assistance, I won't answer for it that I shall not make some mistake. I should be very sorry to lqake a, mistake, not only on .my own account", but-—" Here ^ho housekeeper istoppei and looked hard at Mr. Munder. " Go on, ma'am," said Mr. Munder, with cruel composure. " Not only on my own account," resumed Mrs. Pentreath, 1 demurely, " hut oh yours; for Mrs. Frankland's letter , ^certainly caste the responsibility of conducting this delicate business on your shoulders, as well as on mine." Mr. Munder recoiled a few steps, turned red, [>ened his lips' indignantly, hesitated, and oscd them again. He was fairly caught in a trap of his own setting. He could not retreat from the responsibility of directing the housekeeper's conduct, the moment after he ha4 voluntarily assumed it; and he could not deny that Mrs. Frankland's letter positively and repeatedly referred to him by name. There was only one way of getting out of the difli- ? culty with dignity, and Mr. Munder nhblilsh- ' ingly took that way, .the moment he had recovered self-possession, eno^h to collect him- j self for the effort. " I am perfectly amazed, Mrs. Pentrefith," , be began, with tiie gravest dignity." Yes, ! repeat, I am perfectly anuused that you should-' think jne capable of leaving .you togOJOVfetitftei house alone, under such remarkable circumstances as those Hve are-now placed in. No, ma'am! whatever my other faults may be, shrinking from w!y share of a responsibility is not T^M^y ^^h W ^ A ^ 6 minded bTTdrs. Frauktana s letter j and—no : r—I don't requiFP ftny applogic6. . I am quite ready, ma'am—quite ready to show the way pp-stairs fllietfowvyauarfe.'? AV^H)] '"'Xhb'jsooiiwlipttor,. !MJ\ ; Mundbis-for tlmro is tliot aipu^tu old foreigner actually pliattering to Betsey now, as if he liad known her all his life!" ! Tho Assertion was quite true. Undo Joseph was exorcising his gift of familiarity on the maid-servant (who hod lingered to stare at the strangers, instead of going back to the kitchen), . just as he. had already exercised it on the old lady passenger in the stage-coach, and on the driver of the pony- chaise which took his nuice and himself to tlib post-town of Portligenna. While the housekeeper and the steward vrcrc holding their private conference, lie'was keeping Boboy in ecstasies of suppressed giggliqg by the odd questions that he asked about the house, and about how alio got on with her work in it. His enquiries hud naturally led from the south side of tho building, by which he and his companions had entered, to the west side, which they were shortly to explore; and, thence, rouud to the north side, which was forbidden ground to everybody in the house. When Mrs. Pcntreath cauie forward : with the steward, she overheaid this exchange of question and answer passing between the foreigner and the maid:— " But tell me, Betzee, my dear," said Undo Joseph. "Why does nobody ever go into these mouldy old rooms?" "Because there's a ghost in them," answered Betsey, with a burst of laughter, as if a series of haunted rooms and a series of excellent jokes meant precisely the same thing. " Hold your tongue directly, and go back to the ldtchen," cried Mrs. Pcntreath, indignantly. " The ignorant people about hero," she continued, still pointedly overlooking Uncle Joseph, and addressing herself only to Sarah, "tell absurd stories about some old rooms on the unrepaired side of the house, wlucli have not been inhabited for more than half a century past—absurd stories about a ghost; and my servant is foolish enough to believe theui." " No, Tin not," said Betsey, retiring, under protest, to the lower regions. " I don't believe a word about the ghost—at least, not in the day-time." Adding that important saving clause {in a wliisper, Betsey unwillingly withdrew from the scene. Mrs.-Pentxeath observed, with some surprise, that the mysterious lady in the quiet dross turned very pale at tho mention of the ghost story, and made no remark on it whatever. While she was still woudering what this meant, Mr. Munder emerged into dignified prominence, and loftily addressed himself, not to Uncle Joseph, and not to Sarah, but to the empty air between them. "If yon wish to see the house," he said, " you will have the goodness to follow inc." With those words, Mr. Munder turned solomnly into the passage that led to the foot of the west staircase, walking with that peculiar, slow strut in wliicli all serious- minded English people indulge when they go out to take a ; little exercise on Sunday. The housekeeper, adapting her pace with femiuine pliancy to the pace of the steward, walked the national Sab- . ^a&rian; Polonaise by his side, as if ,6he was out with him for a mouthful of fresh air botween the services. , ' " As I am a living sinner, this going • over the house is like going to a funeral!" whispered Uncle Joseph to his niece. He drew her aim into his, and felt, as he did so, that she was trembling. " What is the matter}" he asked under his breath. Uncle! there is something unnatural about the readiness of these people to show us over the house," was the faintly-whispered answer. " What were they talking about just now, out of our hearing I Why did tliat woman keej her eyes fixed so constantly . 011 me I" Before the old man could answer, the housekeeper looked round, and begged, with tho : severest enmhasis, ;that they would bo good enough to follow, tn less than anobhor mmute they were all standing at the foot pf the west staircase. i . " Alia !" cried Unclo Joseph, as easy and ' talkative as ever, even in the presence of Mr. Muiider himself.' " A finfe big house, and a very good staircase." ';"•.., "Wo are iiot accustomed to hear either tho house or the staircase spoken of in those terms, sir," said Mr. Munder, resolving to nip tho foreigner's familiarity in the bud. "The Guide to West' Cornwall, which you would have done 1 wjflTty&alw; yotirscif acquainted with before youcaiiie h ^ describes .Porthgenna Tower jas a. lfausion, and uses the wprcl Spacious in speakingof'tho west .staircase.'. I regret to find, suy that you have not consulted the Guide Book to West Cornwall." " And why 1 '!" rejoined tho Unabashed Gor- ': liian- ' j ""^^h^ ,4? % l^ith a book, when 1 jtWyogolij^ii'^' my guide I , dear sir, but you are not just to,, yom^plf!; ^ .apt a living guide like,you, who talks and walks • >about, h6ttet' foil !jne than dead Leaves of > prin ;&utl; j}ap£>M ,l;( Ah; l, nb,- nd'!- I shall'not hoar another word—I shall not hoar you do any ' 'inbre iiqiMtiijBto yottrBelf. HeroUhcl^Joseph made another fantastic bow, looked up smiling into tho steward's face, and shook his head several times with an air of frieudly reproach. Mr. Munder felt paralysed. He could not have been treated with more easy and indifferent familiarity if this obscure foreign stranger liad been an English duke. Ho liad often heard of the climax of audacity; and here it was visibly embodied in one small, elderly individual, who did not rise quite live feet from the ground lie stood on! While tho steward was swelling with a sense of injury too large for utterance, the housekeeper, followed by Sarah, was slowly ascending the stairs. Uncle Joseph, seeing thorn go up, hastened to joiu his niece, and Mr. Munder, after waiting a little while on the mat to recover himself, followed the audacious foreigner with the intention of watching his conduct narrowly, and chastisuig his insolence at the first opportunity with stinging words of rebuke. The processicn up the stairs thus formed was not, however, closed by the steward; it was further adorned and completed by Betsey, the servant-maid, who stole out of the kitchen to follow tho strange visitors over the house, as closcly as she could without attracting the notice of Mrs. Pentrcath. Betsey had her share of her natural human curiosity and love of change. No such event as the arrival of strangers liad over before enlivened the dreary monotony of Porthgenna Tower within her experience; and she was resolved not to stay alone in the kitchen while there was a chance of hearing a stray word of tin; conversation, or catching a chance glimpse of the proceedings among the company up-stairs. In the meantime the housekeeper had led the way as far as the first-floor landing, ou cither side of which the principal rooms in the west front were situated. Sharpened by fear and suspicion, Sarah's eyes immediately detected the repairs wlucli had been effected in the banisters and stairs of the second flight . "You have had workmen in the house?" she said quickly to Mrs. Pcntreath. " You mean on tho stairs i" returned the housekeeper. " Yes, we have liad workmen there." " And nowhere else ?" " No. But they arc wauted in other places badly enough. Even here, on the best side of the house, half the bedrooms up-stairs arc hardly fit to sleep in. They were anything but comfortable, as I have heard, even in the late Mrs. Treverton's time; aud sincc she died " She was interrupted for the second time. The strange lady, quickly turning roundagain, confronted her with a very pale lace and a very eager look, aud asked, in the most abrupt manner, an utterly irrelevant question. " Tell me about that ghost-story," she said " Do they say it is the ghost of a man, or of a woman 1" " I was speaking" of the late All's. Trevertou," said the housekeeper, in her severest tones of reproof, " and not of the ghost-story about the north rooms. You would have known that, if you had done nie the favour to listen to what I said." " I beg your pardon; I beg your pardon a thousand times for seeming inattentive! It struck me just then—or, at least, I wanted to know " " If you care to know about auything 60 absurd," said Mrs. Peutreath, mollified by the evident sincerity ol' the apology that liad been offered to her, " the ghost, -according to tho story, is the ghost of a woman." The strange lady's face grow whiter than ever; aud she turned away once more to the open window on the landing. " How hot it is!" she said, putting her head out into the air. " Hot, with a north-east wind !" exclaimcd Mi's. Pentreath, in amazement. Here Uncle Joseph came forward with a polite request to know when they were going to look over tho rooms. For the last few minutes ho had been asking all sorts of questions of Mr. Munder; aud, having received no answer wlucli were not of the shortest and most ungracious kind, had given up talking to the steward in despair. Mrs. Pcntreath prepared to lead the way into the breakfast-room, library, and drawingroom. All three coininuuicated with each other, and each room had a second door opening on a long passage, the entrance to which was on the right-hand side of the first-floor lauding. Before leading the way into these rooms, the housekeeper touched Sarah on tho shoulder to intimate that it was time to be moving on. "As for the ghost-story," resumed Mrs. Pentrcath, while she opened the breakfastroom door, " you must apply to the ignorant people who believe in it, if you want to hear it all told. Whether tho glipst is an old ghost or a new ghost, and why she is supposed to walk, is more than I can tell, you." In spito of t the housekeeper's affectation <of. indifference towards the popular superstition, she had heard enough of the ghost-ptoiy to frighten hqr, thoiigh she would not confess it. Inside the house, or outsido tho house, nobody much less willing to venture into tho noith rooms alone could in real truth have been found than Mrs. Pentrcath herself. {To be continued.) 