Preacntation Convent. Yesterday morning at 10 o'clock..the ceremony of professing two Novices of the Presentation Order took place in St Mary's Cathedral. The Bishop of Hobart Town 'presided at the ceremony, assisted at the throne by Very; Rtv W. j. Dnnne, Arch deacon Marum, Rev C. P. Woods, Celebrant 91 theHigh Mass, Rev Jnlian E. T. Woods, Rev John Feeban (Richmond) D. F. X. Beechinor ( Cathedral) M. O'Regan (Port Cygnet) T. Kelsh (New Norfolk) arid P. Gleeson (Launceston) were also in the sanctuary. When thcclergy had taken their places within the altar rails, the procession of irons emerged from the Sacristy headed by the cross- bearer, Miss Kate Boylsorit sister to tbe Novices. Two other sisters, boarders at the Convent, were among the >' angels." The Novices themselves were the Misses Anastasia and Minnie Boylson, of Bathnrst;N.S.W. who two years ago re- '' ceived the white veils in tbe same Convent, Their parents who had come over for the Ceremony occupied s«itB near the tanc- ary. When the nuns had taken their phtees, a.hymn was sung by the choir, after which the Bishop blessed the black veils and rings at the altar. He then proceeded to the temporary enclosure at the Epistle aide, and put the usual questions to the Novices. High mass was celebrated by Rev C. P. Woods assisted by Revs Gleeson and O'Regan as deacons. After tho first Gospel an ploqueut sermon -was preaohed by the Rev J. E. Tennison Woods, from H Corinthians xi, 2, " For I am jealous over you with Godly jealousy ; for I have espoused you to .one husband that I may present you as a chaste Virgin to Christ.'' The preacher spoke in eloquent terms of the religious life, explaining how many persons, actuated by a desire ' of serving Christ more perfectly, were not content with the precept, "Keep the command ments," but acted on the exhortation of our B. Lord when he told the young man. in the Gospel that if he wished to te perfect he was to sell all be had, and give it to the poor, and follow Him. This had teen done by the two SiBters by nature, and now Sisters in religion, who were there to make tneir solemn vows. A nign compliment was paid to the parents who had instilled such excellent ideas into their children's minds,1 and who must feel greatly pleased at the happiness their daughters experi enced on that occasion. At the Commu nion the Bishop ascended the altar steps, aud taking the Ciborinm containing tbe Blessed Sacrament proceeded to the Nun's choir and each Novice in the presence of the B. Sacrament read and signed her profes sion paper, aftor which the Bishop gave her the Holy Communion. At the end of the Mass the Bishop read the prayers in presence of the Sisters, one of the nnns, with a very sweet voiee, singing the " Sus- cipe me Domine ' three times. Tbe blaok veils were then given in place of tbe white' ones worn by Novices, and the "ringa of fsiih," tokens of their heavenly espousals. The Bishop then invoked the special bles sings of the Holy Trinity, Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, upon them, when the refrain, "Quem vidi, quem amavi," was chanted by tho choir in response to tho chants of the rioW professed Sisters, who remained prostrate on the pavement during the singing of the '-TeDeum" aud the subsequent prayers. After being sprinkled with holy water by the Bishop, they arose and received the congratulations of their Sisters in religion. ; The procession of priests then returned fo the Sacristy, fol lowed by that ot the nuns, and the Mite:: monies ended. iK'< 