PARKINS AND LARKINS On things in General. Parkins. Pity you didn't go to the Victoria to Magi's benefit on Friday. Larkins. Couldn't manage it : any thing particular ? Parkins. She sung such a pretty English ballad ; her English was capi tal, — just the slightest foreign accent : it sounded quite pathetic and touching to hear her " Pleaze gif me a panny, Sir1." Larkins. Touching? pathetio? I should say it did, and most appropriate it was, too. Parkins. Why so ? Larkins. Why, Sir, she was really pleading her own case. Parkins. How so ? Larkins. Well, one of the Sixties cleared the house of all the money that was taken for her benefit. Parkins. Well, I don't know who the particular Sixtier is, but a man who could do that to a poor young girl working hard for a living, ought to be ducked in a horse-pond, and I'd like to have the ducking of him. But who are the Sixties, Arry ? Larkins. People who lend money to serve their own interest — and to get it, too, at any rate per cent., and who foreclose their securi ties when their own ends are not served. Those are the Sixties : one of them has lately found the city too hot for him. Parkins. Why don't we get rid of them all? Larkins. Ask Echo : that'll answer — why ? Larkins. Heard of the new medicine, Bob ? Just introduced from Germany, or one of those places where the scientific swells and homoeopathists oome from ? Parkins. No : what is it ? Larkins. Jack's brandy, I think, — has a great effect on the spirits. Parkins. Oh, I know what you mean, — it's the new stuff from South America — Jaborandi ; yes, it's had a great effect on his spirits. Larkins. What, the Professor's 1 Quite cured him, they say ; brought him to his senses. Parkins. What ! you don't mean to say Larkins. I do, though ; resigned the Deanery of Medical Science. Parkins. Well, that is news ; I shouldn't wonder if he ends by turning spiritualist and homoeopathist. Larkins. So he is wanted, as they say in the Police classics, after all, with all his grandeur, is he ? Parkins. Ah, 'Arry a good many men are wanted sometimes ; but who is " he ? " Larkins. Why, your fat friend of the solid silver dinner service, the devotional chair, and the ivory drawing-room suite. He managed to hook it just before they found out what they wanted him for. Got clean off with all the booty, including household goods, and silks and satins. Parkins. ion't wonder at his being " wanted ; " after one man committing si icide on account of the seizure of his every bit of furni ture. and another having a bailiff and a corpse in the house at the same time ; it was enough to make the whole community cry out " shame " — even his own people chimed in. Larkins. It was for his friend, the restaurant keeper, that he was wanted though ; the selling him off was only a snare to keep other creditors off ; now they have both levanted ; the idea, of letting that man off with a couple of £50 bail, why it was only a mosquito bite to them. Parkins. You know what, 'Arry, I shouldn't wonder that they set up business together in partnership in San Francisco — just the place for them. Parkins. I say, old man, you'll have to look sharper after your military duties, the Colonel does not seem to like milk-and-sugar sol diers. Larkins. Don't he ? Well, I can tell you one thing, the soldiers don't like a milk-and-sugar Colonel. Parkins. You don't mean to say that he is a milk-and-sugar Colonel? Larkins. Well, it looks very like it ; there was a parade ordered the other day, and, because it was raining, I'm blessed if he didn't send word that he wasn't coming down, and that they might go home. Whilst the poor devils were standing in a cat-and-dog shower, he was lounging comfortably at home, reading a novel very likely, a regular drawing- room knight. Parkins. Oh— -h — h — h, that's it, is it ; now, I see why Shepherd moved in the House the other night that the New South Wales army in general ought to be commanded by an Artillery-Officer of experience ; that's a broad hint, isn't it. Larkins. I should rather say so ; the Artillery is going up now-a- days. Parkins. I suppose you mean by that, that he's going down ; well, perhaps so. Parkins. Who is going to be the new Director of the Mutual, 'Arry ? John Hurley ? Larkins. Not he ; hasn't the ghost of a chance, I believe ; though I shall vote for him. Why, sir, he is between two Honourable M.L.C.'s, an Ex-Minister, a C.M.G., Bank Directors, and I dont know what all. Parkins. Well, if that list of titles doesn't frighten a fellow, and between you and me, 'Arry, it will frighten a good many. I will tell you what it is — it is about time we put an end to this snobbery in our public institutions, and keeping the management of them in the hands of a little knot of pretentious big- wigs and busy-bodies ; we want the working man, sir, one who is intelligent and independent at the same time, and who will do his duty — and we will have him, too. Why, sir, there was Samuel, one of your Hononrables, actually put in his address before Sandy Campbell had resigned ; what right had he to know anything about it before any of the other members. We won't put up with it, sir. Larkins. Well done, young 'un — but keep cool ; restrain your young Australian impetuosity. Go and talk that way amongst the lot of members you know, and I shouldn't wonder if you make a fool of me and my prediction, and get the right man in after all. Parkins. So the Evening News is to be lithographed in future. Larkins. As how ? Parkins. Hasn't the proprietor put up, as a sign over his new premises, a pair of printers in stone — stoopid ! 