THE PRINCIPLES OF THE SOCIETY OF FRIENDS. An interesting, concise, and eloquent exposi tion of the principles of the Society of Friends, "commonly coiled Quakers," was given in Sydney recently, by Mr. J. J. Dimond, a member of the deputation from the Society at home. Tho Berald reports:—"Mr. Dimond began by referring to the reasons which had led to his being appointed, together with Mr. Beck and Mr. Wright, to visit the Friends in these colonies—to draw still closer the bonds of love and brotherly affection—and commenced to treat his subject by referring to the popular - errors entertained regarding the members of the Society. Among questions asked were— whether tho Friends married like other people;. whether they ate the same things as were eatea by others; 3uc whether they ever laughed. Mr.. Dimond then described the principles of the FriendE where ihey agreed with the majority of professing Christians, including tho redemption and salvation of fallen man through Christ, and the Divine authority and authenticity of Scriptures. He next proceeded to refer to ®a points of difference from other Christians ta be found in the principles of the Friends, beginning (afier a passing reference to the work of the Reformation) with the foundation of the Society about tho year 1640 or 1645 by Georga Fox, who felt an individual sense of tho pardon ing power of God through His Son, and experienced a personal revelation of His grace, and who, meeting with others who had a similar experience, formed a small company to make ifc known to others. Theggowth of the Society was then described, as was also the origin of the titla "Quakers," first used as a term of reproach. They held in substance (said Mr. Dimond) that - believers were made partakers of Divine grace ; that all could enjoy immediate access to God tho Father ; that there was no need for the interces sion between man and God of a ceremonial priesthood ; and no necessity for a priesthood of human institution ; that all ha 1 an individual relationship to God, and were equal in His sight; that silent prayers would be heard by God; that speech was not absolutely neces sary to express our petition and thanks to Him ; that the Holy Ghost would teach them what to say when they met for Divine worship ; that God chose a succession of ministers and that these .should not (the Friends believed) bo salaried ; and thet women were eligible for this ministry. In continuing, Mr. Dimond said tho Friends believed that the taking by Christ of the bread and wine in the Lord's Supper typified the effects of the Holy Ghost, the recipients of which would neither ' hunger' nor * thirst;' and that the baptism after Christ's coming signified the baptism of the - Holy Spirit. In the latter part of bis address, which throughout was very impressive, Mr. Dimond spoke of features in the principles of the Friends which were less strictly theological. The explanation regarding dress and language was explicit and apparent. The Quakers of the early days (said Mr. Dimond) adopted the simple dress of the common people of England, as li/fr as their forms of expression, at a time when there was much foppery and ostentation in the drefs of men as well as of women, and these they retained, until at length both dress and speech had become singular through the chancres of years. The Society in London had lately de» cided that it had no testimony to bear to mora singularity, and tbat as dress had generally become plain and simple, there was no reason why they should in thisrespect distinguish them selves Horn their brethren in the world. The last points of distinction to which Mr. Dimond referred were the objections of "Friends to war and to taking an oath, for both of which objec tions they had, they considered, sufficient - scriptural authority. The meeting closed with, prayer." 