OUR PARIS LETTER. (From our owl Carrespondent.) SPne-s, May 16. The dissolution is approached by short and easy stages ; Byron liked to be par ticular in detes, but the Assembly does not; it had, not the courage to go further than pronouncing a "moral date" for its proposed hic jacet; so far so good; it is beet not to look a gift horse in the mouth, and acceptance of the principle of imn mediate dissolution as interpreted by decreeing the cessation of the partial elec. tions,'is aI great advanco upon the period. when the legislators; .in all tih pride, pomp, and circumstance of the anti Thliors coalition threatened to hold on fc r over, or later, when thoyproposed soparat ing this life only with Marshal lasMaehon. There is apparently ico desiro to obstruct the general elections, in the autumn'; all fooeel that when the event has to come off, it were woll that it wre done quickly. So say we all of us. 'Real, necessary business only will be execited, and that at express speed. No Chamber can stir- 1 pass the French in massacreomg innocents, or closing an unnecessary discussion. I Happily long speeches are not in favor at eraills ; thlisis a great redeeming virtue; The ministry is apparently re- I solved to maintain a masterlyinativity ; such an attitudooeuts both ways ; its post- t tion:is very delicate, "and tho situation v imust be managod witlf groeat circumespec tion. Thiers says of h. Buffet, the chief of the cabinot, that hoe is going on excollently, 1 only he ought' to put a lttle more oil m his salad.' By the election of M. John Lemoino, to the French Academy, journalism has received a 'groat honor from the "Im mortals," as all Lemoino's literary bag gago consisted in his sparkling newspaper articles, more witty and epigrammatic than historically accurate or resting on facts.: He belongs to the best, acnd per Iaps with two more exceptions, the only serious anid reliable newspapers in France -the rest are but leather and prunello. E His articles in the Debats, over dazzling, i make the tour of the world. Then they are all short leaders, generally about half I a column in lengtlh, and totally in opposi tion to the linked sweetness long drawn t out of the like contributions in the press t of other countries. M. Lemoine is about I sixty years of age, middle Iheight, and slender ; he" is probably the least person ally known of all tice publicists of Franmco to Parisians, because Iho shuns display, and his birth and long residence in Eng land has impressed upon him some of the I severity of English manners. He speaks c English fluentlr, and is the "occasional correspondent,'. as was his predecessor Provost Paradol, for two of the chief London dailies. lie is said to think like an Englishman but to write like a French man. During the "fusion epoch" lie was a fervent Royalist one day, and a warm Republican the next. All this never injures in France.; it makes people laugh, and hence is acceptable. M. Le mono is a very high employe in the Rothschild establishmont, proesiding over tihe department of Spanish finances,wlhicl T at no time oughlit to be a sinecure. Lemoino is not so original a writer as r do Girardin; the latter's great talent is marred by eccentricity, and he seems not p to regard consistency as only a matter of p a day's duration. Tallyrand counselled p to tell a lie, if it would only serve your purpose for twenty-four hours. Emnilodo Girardic is said to be the illegitimate son n of Louis-Philippe; at all events from is being a waif acid stray of society in his s infancy, loehas become a millionnaire. e He illustrates the French aphorism : everything leans to literature-provided you leave it. He is still connected with ties press, but rather commercially than l othelirwise; he devotes most of his atten- c tion to the famous Le Petit .Journal, selling for a sous, and it is his hobby to try and bring its circulation up to what it attained under its original owners, Mil- I Icnd and the well-known Timotlcde TI'rimm. He sold la Libertd, once a fiine property, 1 but now only a shadow, owing to its Imperialist politics to his nopheow, and converted the latter to the plebiscite doctrine. Do Girardin now scouts the doctrine of "appeal to tihe people," ad ] so far he is in harmony with France. 'The ncophec's Iair stands on end at this chop- r ping round, atd he lhas just replied bya printing side by side Girardin's north and south pole opinions. Ccui boe Ihere I M. Jules Simon has not boon so fortu nate at the Academy as the applicant for c the fauteuil, loft vacant by the death of f Guizot; he was, however, as good as his s rival Dumas, as neither having attained I the required number of votes the election Icas been postponed for six months. This i contest was the most exciting, as it was a 1 trial of strength between political and re ligious parties. Dumas is a celebrated 1 chemlist, and is in addition a Bonapartist and Ultramontist. Jules Simon is neither one inor tice other, but a distinguished E publicist, and a follower of Thiers. The odds are in his favor, and Lemoino will c vote for him. Tihe weakness still exists for worship- I ping graven political images; as if the I lumber rooms of the mayoralties were not t already encumbered with the old busts of ancient sovereigns and formcr republics, the municipality of Paris is to have its V bust of our Lady of the Republic. Per haps thi is intended as a slight set-off to 1 tics despatch of engravings of Marshlal IM'Mahon to be suspended mn the Council Chambers throughout the land. The Miarshal is best honored by allowing him to keep the even tenor of his way. Thce Paris Municipality are downright realists ; they regard the tomb of Abolard and Heloiso in Pere La Chaise cemetery as a myth, and ques tion an outlay to restore the monument. At the rate the world is progressing, not a legend will be loft standing; even as it is, the most popular work is that devoted to demolishing the charactor of Napoleon I., as sot up by Tliers; Napoleon III. is beneath demolition. In fact, notihing is but what is not. Russia being now the arbiter of Eu rope - what a change within twenty years-all that concerns the Czar is inter esting. Even before and since his roman tic marriage, Ieo is subject to fits of melancholy and dreaminess; he likes to live for a while absorbed in himself, to wander in cloudlnnd, and to feel emanci pated from the splendors which surround him. Northern natiocts are liable to these fits of silence and seclusion, and a weakness for dreamland is considered as an indication of a love of peace. Men of iron and blood never dream ; history makes no mention that Bismark devotes himself to such a luxury. But Alexander II.Lis not less a practical man, he never parts with the prey for the shadow, still less to engage in a tourna ment for the single pleasure of parading. He first of all aims at the interest of hIs empire in the future as well as in tlhe present, and all that does not lead up to this leaves him cold and indifferent. Be assured where Russia can benefit she will not hesitate to interfere with the sword if necessary; outside this Russia will only afford a benevolent mediation, but never an effective assistance. The moral hence, is, that Prussia having no material guarantee to offer the Czar, there being no Black Soea treaty to tear up, and the march India-wards not being pressing, Russia will not connive at the breaking of the peace of Europe. Q.E.D. Pop e, though not Cathlolics, can ad mire the Pope as a worthy old gentleman, and Catholics can venerate him without adopting his politics. It is thus that the celebration of the anniversary of his birth d was so respectfully observed in Paris. Besides, the French will never go to war on behalf of his temporal power. The Queen of Spain, who lost her crown for him, run up a brand new Spanish flag on the day ito qlestion, and no one evewr objeiend to her display of fidelity. The tabacco question unites all smokers, be their political or religious principleso what they imay. The manufacturo of tobacco in Fraince is a Government mo nopoly, and a very remunerative ono into thle bargain. Cigars, cigarettes, eoutadoa or havanas, all are abueod, liko bad veoa thor. To read the charter of complaints, the Government tobacco wouldf be nothing more than a compcund of tho seven capital sins ; soom, encouraged by the.orumor that fragments of telegraph posts and railway sleepers havoboen found in it, do not despair of yet lighting pon the Lost Tribes. Abuse the French weed as may be, it can justly say to that manufactured in neighboring countries "Stand aside, I am holier than thou." The origin of the' monopoly dates from 1810, when Napoleon, struck by the blaze of diamonids on a lady present at the Court ball, was informed she was the wife of a tobacco manufacturer. ,A few wooeeks later an Imperial decree was issued decreoing the mianufacture of' tobacco' to be a Government monopoly. It is a tax never grumbled at, and rewards this ton derness of appreciation by becomink noro productive the more "it isn. weighted with imposts. It is said that it talcoi a score of men to make a pin; now.it,ro quires three years and four months: to make a pinch of : nuff, owing: to'tho storage the raw and' manufactured material has to undergo; like whino and brandy it improves by keeping. The cigars are prepared by mixing tobacco from several countries and dietricts in stated proportione; the democratio.cigar at one sou is the product of no less than ten different varieties of home. and foreign leaf. To believe some statisticians the increase in "the consumption of tobacco is mathematically proportioned to the augmentation of the cases of insanity; honce the war against nicotine. ht.is a fact that the tobacco which produces vertigo and sickness is that contaiiining the least per centage of nicotine ; for ex ample the laulr?es cigar has but one'per cent, of nicotino, and Turkish tobacco less, yet both affect the head, tie heare, and the stomach of many. It is the perfume, the aroma, the essential oils that do the mischief, and to which one must become accustomed as eels to be skinned. The case of a smokor being killed by nicotine is as. rare as a man disappearing by spontaneous combus tion. It requires, no ghost to prove of the rapid revival of trade and commerce in, Paris; there is a marked increase in the number of those shops devoted to the sale of the delicacies of the season, as well as of ware rooms devoted to new furniture, the latter of very beautifdl and rare designs. In industrial art the French are becoming more and more incom parable. This remark does not apply to pictures, which, however, are largely produced, like razors, to sell to purchasers who base their offers on the average price of room paper. A lady once observed to me, a sure sign of prosperity of a people is not alone in thee numbero its milliners' shops, but in thovariety qf theshapes, dc.. oxposed. Judgedjby this standard, Paris must be the' most thriving place in the eorld. A leoss msthetical indx' is that daily before my eyes ; the number of barges and tug-boats that ascend and descend the river laden with cargo is double now whlt it was last year. The lilac has nearly gone ; a thing of beauty is not in every case a joy for ever. To this succeeds those pretty flowers of young girls dressed in white,.ongaged in the duties of confirmation;' they are more numerous this year also. People, por haps, are becoming more devout ;if so, so much the better, or the population is increasing, which also merits felicity. Not only the races, but the concerts in the Champs Ulyseds, are capital places for measuring the well-being of Paris. Both, as the omnibuses signal are, asu coemplet. The concert in question instill traditionally correct ; no black sheep are ever allowed to enter there ; it is not that ladies are called upon to show their marriage certi ficates before being admitted, but there is a janitor at the gate, whoso judgment never fails in drawing the line between virtue and vice, and who has served his apprenticeship at the Jardin Mabill--tlhe best of diplomas. The annual fete of Jeanne d'Are has been celebrated with all honors at Or leans, and the celebrated preacher de manded from his hearers to have only the simple faith of the maid-for her country and for her God. Something ought to be done to make the Bishop of the dioceso move inmore quickly in completing the preliminaries for her canonisation. Mgr. Dupanloup promises to be as tedious asf the famous Constitutional Committee o Thirty; lihe ought to ask leave of absence from the Assembly to bring hisn patriotic work to a close. A warning to lovers who meet alon- but not by moonlight. A young man hod an assignation with his intended on the banks of thie canal at St. Denis, and while discussing, in walking, the fixing of the day for their marriage, • the poor girl stumbled into the water and was drowned before assistance arrived. Paris has an immigration from Belgium every February, lasting till MIay, of about 8500 workmen ; their labor is not to plait straw, but to stitch the latter together into hat,. A good worker can gain eight francs per day. Anowlocomotiveis patented, It marches, not upon wheels, but on rollers re eombling the logs of a fat man. A bachelor and rich, advertises that lie is weary dining alone, and that he will grateitously share his daily broad witls a gentleman producing the evidence of be ing cultivated, and enjoying an income of 50,000 francs a year. 