A LADY'S LETTER FROM LONDON. May 14. — I havo returned from tho visit to Dublin, which I briefly described iu my letter by last, mail, to find Loudon in tbo beauty of tbo springtide (which is nowhere moro beautiful) and in the swing of the iotol- of movement and vivacity at this season. Dcforo I loft Irolnnd I went up to tlio County Down for a fow days, and visited tbo now stoam-paeket nud railway station at Qroenoro, a small promontory on tho const of Carling- ford Day, just insido tbo " Ear," and opposito to tbo beautiful raDgo of mountains known as » Tho Mourno," whoso monaroh, Sliovo Donard, breaks upon tbo view as the traveller passes round tlio foot of Fabey, tho famous mountain on tlioCarlingford aido of tho loci). I havo never beheld a more beautiful sceno than that whioh displayed itself as I drovo along tho const road from Newry to tho now station, whioh belongs to tbn London and North-Wcstcrn Railway Company, and is intended to consolidate the traffic of all the northern Irish railway lines. Every variety of form, and colour, and outlina that can he conceived is to be seen along that road, with tho Oracath district and tho Carliogford mountains on one side of it; tho liodgcs, fields, nnd hillsides clad gorgeously iu tho yellow raiment of tlio golden gorse, more luxurious this year than I havo over soon it ; with tbo sparkling river commingling with tlio sea in tho centre; and on tbo opposite side tho exquisito woods of Narrowwater, whero tho dark coniform contrast with tho sycamoro trees, and tho wild olierry blossoms in snowy luxuriant beauty, succeeded by poor- less Rostrovor with its matchless, silent woods overhanging tbo sea road, and its grand moun tain rising behind them, majestically beauti ful, with a thousand lights flickering upon it; surfaoo of golden brown, and tlio fleecy clouds touching its curving summit, whoso lino of perfect beauty lias not nn aoglo or a harsh accentuation iu it. Tlio eeasolcss song of bird, and mystoriou9 stir of spring lifo in tbo woods only broko tlio stillness; voices cuuio from tbo boats upon river and loch, nnd the scent of tho gorso nod myriads primroses and narcissus flowers, for whioh the counties of Down and Louth aro ronnwnod, fillod 'tho air. As wo passed under tho nnciont gatoway of Carling- ford, and woro gazing upon tbo splendid ruins of King John's Cnstlo (with n railway cutting under tho old wall), tlio opposito view widened, changed, nnd tho Mourno range appenrod with an offect almost overpowering in its Eoiomn boauty. A fow minutes' drivo brought us to tho now dook at Groonoro, whore the stoamcr about to sail in tho ovoning was lying, and the slumboring summor waves wero rippling gently under the sea-wall of tlio smart now Railway Hotel. The bench id beautifully out lined from this point, and I onuld not imagine .a moro delightful summor sojourn than Grconoro, with its raajostic surroundings, its ovor-viirying views, its deep tranquility, and its facilities for further travel. Tlio placo is too new, it is not yot sufficiently known ; but I havo littlo doubt that n prosperous future awaits tlio "station," whioh could unfold treasures uutold to tbo pool's and tlio painter's gazo. From suoli n soono to tlio "Rido," tho " Row," tlio opera, the theatres, and tlio usual routino of London in May, on tbo eve of tho Derby, and in tbo midst of considorablo ox- eitomont respecting foreign political affairs, the sudden chnngo is a strungo experience. I left Dublin just ns tho intolligonco roaohod that eity of tiie latest of tho numerous tcrri- blo catastrophes at sea which havo marked our annals with disaster of into. Tlio Schiller, from New York, has been lost off tho Scilly Isles, with 312 lives, and much value in cargo and specio ; tlio wrook having boon occasioned by tho density of tlio fog. This is a torriblo addition to tho long list of calamitous voyages across tho Atlantic. I find London looking beautiful, and evorybody busy and gay. The social star of the hour is Signor Salvini, tho Italian tragedian, whoso success in "Othollo" is the dramatic incident of tlio season, and has surpassed oven tho oxcitomont aroused by Mr. Henry Irviug's " Hamlet." Invitations " to ntnnfc Siirnnr Rnloini " nrn rTIcf »! Jan In# nftf eft frooly, indeed, ns thoy aro ardently desired, but in sufficiout numbers to make ono wonder that tlio Italian "star" lias not long ago sue- cumbod to bis social fame. IIo is pre-emi nently tlio " fashion," and tlio Alfionmuui Club have cicetod bim an honorary member, which is an unprecedented compliment. His performanco in a play written originally iu Frcncli by M. Sournot, who was tlio author of " Norma," (afterwards used by Bollini as tho 'libretto' far his famous opora) has largely increased tlio appreciation of his powers in London. Tlio play is " II Gladiatoro," and is a sanguinary drama of tbo Faustina epoch in Imporial Rome. Its motive and incidents are not congenial to raodsrn or English sympa thies, but the acting of Signor Salvini triumphs over every obstaclo, and tho applauso with which ho is rownrded is overwhelming. I urn not quito so cntkusiastia nn admirer of bim as almost all my frionds arc, hut I can fully recognise tiis imnionso powar and earnestness. I cannot help thinking that tho foreign lan guage helps the impression on tho public very much, and that tlio extronio violonco which they applaud wlion it illustrates words which hundreds present understand not ut all, or understand impcrfcotly, they would object to if it illustrated plain English. I havo had tho pleasure of mcetiug Signor Salvini, and I found liiin an unaffected gontloman, with much of tbo characteristic Italian downrightness and shrewd simplicity in his remarks, and nothing of tlio ' poseur,' which is much more than can bo said for most of our English actors in society. IIo is a handsome man, of tho northern Italian type, sallow, but not dark of complexion, with bluish grey eyes, and good, rather thick features, n stout figure, nud graceful, unpretendiog address. IIo is very frank in his expressions of plcasuro and grati fication at his reception here, and especially at tho compliment which was paid to him by tlio "round robin" from tho entiro "profession," requesting him to giro an afternoon representa tion of " Othollo," so as to cnsblo tho " poor playors" to participato in the enjoyment of the public. I am told that tlio performanco was most sacccssfal, and that all tho aotors in London gladly endorsed tho public verdict, which had pronounced Salvini to bo tlio finest Othollo on the stago at present. Nothing could pcrsuado me that tho murder sceno. is genius, or high art, or anything but disgustiog violence, but I am ready to admit that tho carlior portions of the terrible nnd painful tragedy arc rendered by tbo famous Italian with marvellous power and variety. I have frequently adverted to tho promiso of the production of "Wagner's much dis cussed opora " Lohengrin," this season, and I must now record tiie fulfilment of that promise by Mr. Gyc, tho lessee of Covont Garden, on Saturdny night, tbo 8th inst. Tho great opora-kouso was crowded in every part, and the performance of tlio famous music which had for so many yoara boon demanded in vain by tin London world, was grcotod with en thusiastic applause. At present I can only report to your renders upon this ovent by hearsay; hut I am aasurod by competent judges that tbo music is transcondontly beau tiful, and tlio dramatic effect perfcot. Hcrr Wagner is so remnrhablo a man, nnd through liis lifo-long association with the cccentrio and clover King Louis of Bavaria has bccomo bo completely nn historical character, that the opera is somolliing moro tlion a theatrical novelty, and may be held to be a triuoiph of a new and elevated idea in art, effected by ono of tbo most originnl and self-asserting minds of our timo. Ilcrr Wagnor, who calls his work, not an "opera," but an " opora-drnuia," is his own librettist, and tho conception of tho drama of "Loliongrin" is poetical in no small degreo, and also mystical; tho latter being a quality which does not inucli propitinto English taste. Ho is interesting to us in every souse, and especially for his plucky and hard-figliting qualities, which have pulled liim through so much difficulty, arising mniuiy from tho almost frantic"'opposition excited by bis ideas and his Bystcm, and their declared enmity to tlio llosstni sclioot so long in mo ascunuuiu. , uuu tlio genoral determination to understand him, to find out what " tlio music of tlio future" really moans, to instruct oursolvos in Wngncr- ism, is likely to lend to a considorablo reform in publio tosto. If tlio musical world should pronounco for Wagner ns the play-going world has pronounced for Slinkcspcaro, 1875 will romain a momorahlo year in .the annals of art nnd tasto in England. It dawned on tlio tri umph of Offenbach and Lcoooq, on tlio vul garities and indecencies of burlesque, and tbo deteriorating trivialities of oomio-oporn; it may oloso on tho triumphal progress of tho car of Thcspis, drawn by tho Swan of Avon in double harness with tho roystio bird who guides tho bark of Lohengrin. Wo havo boon prepared to comprehend and to neccpt Wag ner's music by the concerts of tho London Wagner Socioty during its two seasons, 1873-4, nud many portions of tlio opera nro porfootly familiar to-us, so that tho element of tho un known, which is as unpleasant in musio as it is agreeable in other tilings (and, which, I am convinced, ruined thoohnnco of "L'Africaino" liore) ia not oppressive in this instnnco. Tho romantic drama of "Lohengrin" ia, liko " Tnnnhnuser," based on o legend of tlio Fatherland, nnd it rcqnirc9 good acting, which is supplied, happily, iu tho present instance, Madeinoisello Albani, as Elsa, sustains her groat reputation to tlio full, while Signor Nioholini lias considerably enhanced his by his performanco of tlio princoly and chivalrous part of Loliongrin. Tlio opera has beou put upon tlio stago with unoxamplod magnifiooneo, and oven if tlio audionco bo not altogether convorted to Wcgncriam, tlicy must bo on- chanted with tlio gorgeous accessories and tlio exquisito scenery. ' On dit' tlint the projected production of "Loliongrin" by Mr. Mapleson, at Drury- Inno, will bo nbandonod; but I think this rumour will provo unfounded. Mr Mapleson incurred so much reproaob for having failed to prodnco " Tannbausor" after Itis repeated announcements, that ho will hardly again try the publio tompor in this way. I know that Madeinoisello Tiotjens is studying tho musio for her part, that of Ortrud. Wiiilo I atn upon things dramatio, I must montion with regret that tlio " Merchant of Venico," at tho Prineo of Wales' Theatre, is a failure. Asa 'speotacle' it is oxecodingly fino ; tho sconory is beautiful, nnd tho realism of tho stago mounting and managomant porfcqt. It is Vonico, indocd, in its -high and palmy days, which is shown to ns, nnd ovory detail of costume, furniture, equipment, nnd social oustoui is absolutely porfoct; but nothing could redeem tlio play from ridiculo with suoli a Shvloek as Mr. Coolilan, This gontlcman, tlio author of " Lady Flora" — tho (coble pioco with wliioli Mr. Iloro oponod his campaign at Cbaring-cross — is tlio most gentlemanly walk ing gentleman wo have, and tho 'bonuidoal' ofmodcrnness and London social lifo in tlio upper middio class, no can oven net Charles Surface tolerably, hut of Sliakspoarian character of any culibro ho has not a notion. Thoro was n timo, we all know, whon Sliyloek was played as a coinic-ckarnotcr ; bat that was dcliborato barbarism, broad, intentional carica ture. Shylock as a reserved, dispassionato person of tho " professional man's manner" class is more than an absurdity, it is nn im- pcrtiuoncc. Such is Mr. Cogklun's Sbylook, and tho result is failure. TlieMuy meetingsarein progress, and so aro Mny flower shows and the May picture exhibi tions. Tho parks aro in all tkoir doliaious array of tender green and feathery frondago, and tho first touch of real warmth has brought out the spring fashions in costuma. Tho Royal Academy is, of courso, tlio chief centre of attraction, and after Salvini, the piotnrcs still furnish tho staplo of dinner tnbio and drnwingroom conversation. I find that " Tlio Sliogers" is, as I predicted, n great favourito, but Mr. Long's " Marriage Market at Baby lon" is tlio pioluro of tbo year, according to tlio voico of society. Mr. Millais' portraits nro ail unplcasing, but that of Miss Evcleon Tcn- nant is a carionturo of his most violent style, and seems as if intended to test tlio artist's popularity nnd tlio pubiio's tasto to tho utter most. Tlio young lady can hardly bo scon for tho glare of her rod gown and bluo neoklaco, tho red being of tho harshest and tho bluo of tho most glaring tints. His "Fringe of tho Moor" is also very disappointing. It is tech nically true to naturo, no doubt, but witb tbo kind of truth which is falsehood after ail ; tlio oxaetness of form without feeling, tbo precision of measurement, and tbo chemical corrcotncss of colour; but there is not a touch of senti ment, not a bit of association in tho picture. Ono looks nt it, fcoling that tbo artist bus copied tlio face of the sceno, but missed its meaning. I am agreeably surprised by tbo oxcolleuco of Mr. E. M. Ward's pioturc, " Tlio Orphan of tho Temple," Of late, this artist has given us monotony and mediocrity, bat this painting is ono' of bis best. As tlio lifo and death of her mother was the most tragic, of human destinies, so tho life of Maria Thcrfiso of France seems to mo to Itave been tho most pathetic ; and in this pntnting a touch of tho pathos of it is aptly caught and skilfully con veyed. On n dull grey day, in 1795, nftor two yoars of orphanhood, tlio yoang princess," In ignoranco, of tho fntc of mother, brother, and aunt is solacing tho weariness of hor imprisonmont by drawing tho tower of tho Xouiplo, from its garden. Madntno do Ciiautsrcins is with her, and a republican 'cotnmissairc' is on guard, but tbo ono doc9 not intrudo npon, nnd tho other docs not molest Iter. Sho works busily, hor long light hair hanging round her liko a veil, and a look of inGnito sorrow undor tho vitality and purposo in hor faeo. Tho picture is rather hard, and not free from tho glazinoss which Mr. Ward socms ireddod to, but it is pleasing nnd affecting. We have lost tho ' doyon of English painters, Mr. Piokcrsgill, and Franco has been bereft of lur famous con- tenorian. Twenty yoars ago I was taken to so oBaron Wnldook, by Madam Ancciot, whose death occurred about two months ago, nnd I well rctnombcr the surpriso with whioh I learned his great age — indeed, I did not qnito boliovo it, but thought ho was exaggerating a littlo, as vory old people liko to do, wbon lio told mo that ho was 90. - I had tho plcneura of hearing from his own lips many of tho inci dents of his exploratory journeys in Africa and Central America, nnd lie showed mo a number of ouriositics which ho had coiicotod in Mexico. When in 18G9, I visited tho Paris ' Salon, ' nnd observed tlio paintings which lio called " Loisir du eontonairo," I re cognised in them tho Aztec ruins of whioh I had Been tho skotohca in a portfolio in tho ar tist's studio in 1855. His work on tbo ruins of Pclongue is, in ray opinion tho nio9t inter- esting mat nas ocon written on mat won (10 r- ful and inystorious subject, tho ruinod cities of Contrnl America. Mr. Michel Levy, tlio hood of tlio groat Paris publishing firm whioh liascorao nearer than nny othor to tho London syatom of popularising literature, has just diod suddenly. Ho was a brother of Mr. Levy, tlio proprietor of tho ' Daily Telegraph,' a most liboral and outer- prising man, and vory oliaritablo. Among deaths of woil-known individuals that of Admiral Slicrnrd Oaliorn has oxcitod ranch regret, It ocourred quito unexpectedly ; tlio admiral was in Itis usual health, and entering witb his nccustoincd vigour and activity into tho projcot of tho forthcoming Arctic expedi tion. Publio intorcst in this grant and ad- mirnblo scltcmo is on tlio 'norcaso, and it i9 judiciously stimuiatad 'y tho delivery of publio lectures by Cotnmnndor Nnrcs, R.N. A vory interesting articlo in tho ' Geographi cal Magazine' gives full detnils of tho apparatus with which the ox pod i Lion is to bo supplied, and enables us to estimate tlio difforenco and tlio superiority of tbo conditions undor whioh tho approaching oxporimcnt will ha mado in comparison with those of nil fonnor expedi tions, irrespective of that primary and all-im portant difforenco effcotod liy tlio introduction of steam into Arotio navigation. Tlio sledges nro nowly constructed from Sir Loopold M'Olintook'a designs. They nro mado of Amo- rican elm, and tho runnors aro shod with stool. Some of thorn are to bo drawn by men, others by dogs, nnd both sorts nro fitted witli sails. Tlio utmost euro lias been expeuded on tlio details of tho clothing, wliioli is on viow in London nt present, and iii tlio preparation of vast quantities of pemtiiican, tho food invented by the Canadian ' voyngcur,' and of wliioli wo boar so much in pour Captain Hail's fascinat ing, though ill written, book ubont his Esqui maux oxporicnces. Tlio primost meat is used for litis preparation, in which fat and loan aro poundod in a niortnr with a postlo, and ibrincd into a thick mass ; " very filling at tbo prico," I should think, nnd every itom of tbo commissariat is of tbo best description, and subjected to tho olosost ibspcction. Tho privnto viow of tho Fino Arts Oallorics, at tho international Exhibition, took plaoo on Wednesday, tho 12th inst. Tlio collection is vary largo nnd misoolianaons, nnd tho ganoral aspect is imposing. I must not, howovcr, enter upon this sukjcot in my present lottor, ns I could not do anything like justico to it in the small spneo which romnitls to mo. Tho Aloxandra Palace, at Mnswcllliill, tho phoenix of buildings, was oponod during my nbsonco, but I bopo to givo your readers a skotcli of its chief attractions in my next letter. In light litornturo there is nothing remark- nblo nt present, " jtuo season lias so many attractions outsido of books that it would re quire a vory unusual amount of merit indeed to call attoution to a book at til is timo. Tlio " Young England" novol (edited by Lady Strangford, nnd written by tlio late Lord Strangford, bettor known as Goorgo Smytlie,) entitled " Angola Pisani," has (alien rather flat, in spito of an onorgolio " whip" among tho critics which produced sovoral nntc-pub- lication-diy reviews. It is increasingly diffi cult to revive phases of tlio past lifo of English society, nnd tho " New England" plinso was so osscntially theoretic and ccicctio that it has a worso chauco than any othor. " Angolo Pisani" has not succeeded oven in ruisiDg its ghost. — " Australasian." 