\- - %I' PA'I'RICK'S DAY. \- EXDLTRSION TO MAITLAND. Os the ,hamsack, snd raidmL the deles, Whm the dmmun of youth hs3l waus uPto me. WEDNESDAY last, 17th inst., being the day on which the patron Saint of Ireland (St l'atrick) is celebrated all over the world, was duly kept by the patriotic Irishmen in this district, by an excursion to the Albion Ground, West Maitland, where in many of the head dresses of the males and fair ladies the trefoil or shamrock was to be seen.-The history of the shamrock is very interesting and our translation given above is from a quotation in the Gaelic dictionary from an ancient Gaelic poem iz S.mith's collection, and the writer Biekens, says that it is a generic word, common to the Gaelic and Irish languages, and consequently not limited to the trifoliumn repens (the Irish mean ing of which words are seamaroge shamroq, or lshamrock.) However, from the fact of St. Patrick having pincked this trefoil from the ground when he landed in Wicklow. and pre senting it to the Hibernians, expostulate I with them as to the possibility of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost, being one,-as for these three leaves to grow upon a single stalk,-he has been solemnised as saint and the shamrock always worn on the 17th March But this is a digression. As an evidence that great interest was manifested in the event on this occasion, we need only mention that a train with twenty carriages left Newcastle at nine a.mn., crowded with passengers, which number were added to .at the different stations on the line. It was eleven o'clock before the train reached West Maitland, when, at Elgin-street, all disem barked, and the children of the Catholic School, Newcastle, and others formed in procession, and, headed by the celebrated Junction Brass Band (which accompanied the train, and played inspiriting tunes at -the different stations on the line), marched through the town and on to the Albion Ground, tlhe rendecrous for tl:ce occasion. Here the co:umnistee had provided for a good day's amusement in the shape of foot- racing, cricket, and a grahd foot-ball niatch between Newcastle and Maitland men, which created more amusement than anything else. The various officers of the sports carried out their programme in a very efficient manner, and too much praise cannot be accorded to Mr. Daniel Curtain, the energetic secretary, who also per formed the onerous duties of judge, and, so far as we heard, his decision in every case was never called in question. The starter was Mr. Peter Woods, and the competitors were handicapped by the committee, and the close ness of many of the events testified as to the impartial manner in which they performed they duties. The ground was in a delightful state,-a beautiful green award covering the whole in a manner that could scarcely be credited after the late disastrous.flood.-There was only one publican's booth on the ground (Mr. Daley's), where a number of the "boys" and " lasses" tripped it enthusiastically to the strains of a fiddle; while, in front of the pavilion, dancing was kept up throughout the day to the accompaniments of the band. The excursion was got up under the auspices of several of the patriotic Irishmen in New castle, Hamilton, and the Junction, in con junction with Maitland friends, and the object was to'raise funds to be devoted towards build ing a church at the Junction; and certainly, if numbers are any criterion to judge by, they succeeded grandly. About one o'clock, before the programme of sports were entered upon, the large crowd of people, and there must have been about 2000 present, were called towards the booth on the ground, when the Rev. Father Rvan, of Newf castle, introduced Mr. J. O'CONNOR, also of Newcastle, who read the following address: "As children of Saint Patrick we are as sembled here to-day to celebrate the ajniver sary of our patron saint. Ever mindful of and faithful to the praoctices of the apostolic ages, we all unite, the world over, in singing the praises and extolling him as the faithful servant of God, little fearing that whilst we veperate him, we shall'in the least adore hi.n aI perhaps our calumniators would have it ap pear. It is thea we honor his memory, that we may proit by his eemple. And this is the motive whloh has prompted ll of us to come here to-day to do honor to ooe of the most illustrious servants of God-Patrick, the Apoetle of Ireland. (Applause.) Every cir cuamstepe relating to his life, birth, and hia labours, ould pe to you a matter of the deepest interest, for these incidents I must, however, refer to his biographers. The Jife of St. Patrick divides itself into two periods; his edifying youth, and his venerable man hood and old age, as a prince of the Catholic Chbrch, ap4 a pioneer of the Christian religion. I shall review these two epochs in order, and shall glance rapidly at the world'wide results of his a hbur, perpet4tedo even to the present day by the faith and fidelity of the sons of Saint Patrick where ever they are to be found. We infer from his own writings that h wua born of a noble and pioua family towards the latter end of the fourth century. There is some diversity of opinion among historians as to the place of his birth. Alban Butler, the author of the 'Lives of the Jhints,' in his brief sketch has advane4d arguments as go his Scottish origin. However, as to his natioaality, the weight of evidence ins in favour of his kapipg been born in France, notwitlbatd-, ing that the Scotch proudly claim him as theirs. if. a? should he curious to fnd a true sad deenite solution to this problem, 1 would asck them to read, or I -would rather leave them to Dr. ffynnigan's Ecclesiastical History of ireland, where tuy will find the best hiatoric evidence, that Irela,.4 ..94 her childrma are indebted to Fiance, and nop Scotland, as the place where Saint Patrck frst saw the" hlght of d4y. (Applause.) There is nothing. remarkable racordad of Saint Patrick untill bis sixteenth year, when he was, with many others, brought a captive from France to the shores of Ireland by the celebrated Niall of the Hostages, who sold him as a slave .to a pretty prince named Miloho, in the north of Ireland, under whom hp a?ted in the capacity of a herd bog. Saint 7PtrJg.c felt the terrible anguish T ueparatiqu from fath~ ??d mother to which our nature is subject on sqs~c trying Ppcasions. at, Patrick was not inosensible .to ie 'excpsie grief of being torn away from a loving fi??iher and an amiable mother, snd from a happy home. Lie "felt that terrible anguish from his inmoet aoul, but he received it as coming from .the hands of God, and in resignation to Wis- will ·rof- lhvrn,-tbis inspiration an.! this reflection austaincf liMi in ihis captivity. Would to God it was so with all children now ti-days who are removed from parental control The precious seeds of supernatural virtue are not, now-a-days, instilled by worldly minded parents into the tender minds of young and softchileren; and with very direful resulths Oh ! the disastrous results of the indifference of worldly-minded parents, who allow the State, which is another name for anti-Catholicity, to seize upon th : souls of their little ones-the State which derides the notion of a religious training, and which scoffs at Catholic teaching, and which tries to substitute for true Christanity secularism and indifferentism. (Applause.) For six dreary years.in solitary exile did Saint Patrick b.ar the yoke of bondage, during which time he acquired a perfect knowledge of the Irish language. Having at the end of that pe iod regained his freedom and liberty; on reaching hbol France once more he studied for the priest hood, spending thirty years iu storing his minrd with useful knowledge, and in the exercise of every Christian virtue Du- ing all this long period one grand idea held his soul in bondage-one vision haunted him constantly : the men, women, and children of"Old Erin" were stretching forth their hands, imploring Saint Patrick, in the most pitiful accents, to rescue them from the dismal night of Paganism in which they were immured. Saint Patrick is at length consecrated a Bishop, and receives from Pope Celestine thIe mission of evangelizing Ireland Armed thus wilh Apostolic authority, he reached the shores of Wicklow about the year 450. At this time the Parliament of Ireland was assembihled in the far famed halls of Tara. The Parliament was composed of the kings and princes of the country and the most learned of the land, who all miraculon.lv embraced Christianity at the preaching of Saint Patrick (applause), and with them the whole nation. Druidism, the religion of the people, soon gave way to Christianity, and a victory more glorious than any that ever crowned the arms of the mightiest and proud eat monarch attended the preaching of St Patrick. The religion of Ireland was a re ligion of poetry and romance The chivalry of Ireland's sons and Ireland's princes sur passed that of any other land, for as soon as Saint Patrick raised on high the standard of the Cross and tlhe little Shamrock, thie i hole nation enrolled themselves under its banner. (Applause.) The whole Pagan island-the little green isle of the west--was, by a stupendous miracle, suddenly transfornmed into an island of saints. Its kings and princes renounced their crowns and temporalities, and became priests and bishops-a great many of them. Thus briefly is the history of St. Patrick's mission told. But it would he im possible to do justice to the history of St. Patrick, without glancing at the history of that dear old land which was the arena of his glorious and apostolic labours. The history of our country is singular and exceptional as compared with that of other lands. The triumphant banners of ancient Rome, -owhich had laid almost the entire world prostrate at the feet of Camsar, were never unfurled over the shady glens and picturesque mountains of Ireland. (Ap plause.) And thus we find, sons of St. Patrick, that the standard of the cross was unfurled over a warlike race, where the Roman eagle dared not penetrate. (Applause.) And thus we find that Ireland, under the guidance of St. Patrick, was never sullied nor contami nated by those vicious Roman influences which demoralized and degraded other conn tries and other people. (Applause.) Ireland as a nation bowed down her head beneath the sweet yoke of Christ, unsullied and un stained by one drop of blood, unlike the con version of all other nations to Christianity. (Applause) And with what virgin.like doci ility of faith, the seeds of which St. Patrick sowed, Ireland remains what she was fifteen hundred years ago, a virain of Catholicity among the natiqns of he p?arthl. (Applause.) And I will now ask you sons of St. Patrick, what nation in the world can be set before Ireland-can be compared with Ireland-.for fidelity to its faith and foir the endurance of her sufferings in the cause of faith and for the purity ofher Catholicity? (Applause) And wherever the Irish race extends, yow will find true Christianity. I have thought it prudent and a.qivasble in this address to refrain from refe.rriPgt t~p tw rPn~ge inflicted by England on the Irish people for the rofespion of their faith, as it would be productive of no good. (Applause.) .I will conclude by quoting the words of a great French writer :'~-From the momen.t that Green Erin had seen the sun of faith rise over hpr, sJ.e bowed herselfto it with an ardent and tppder devotigp that be came her very life. And the courss of ages has not interrupted this devotedness: a bloody and implacable persecution has not shaken her or led her astray. And now, admidst-the splp~jipurs and the infidelity and paganisml of n:;deyn Fuopean civilization, she still maintains an 'u.inextinggishbble centre of faith.'" T!Ai duty being over the Lapd struck upi an appropriate tone, when the programme of sports were entered upon. W.e pow give a resumnd of the different events .- 1 First R:Tce.-Att·CoMKas' Ht'praP, 160 yardst First prize, £5 ; second, £2; third, .l. For this event there re re fourteen entra- ees, and it was rian i feaour divisions, FzasT D.v?slso. 6\. Harris. 1 yard . 1 >?. oIebroo?, 10_yards . . .. 2 Dbunlopi; Harris won after a close ontea;t, 8zcoxl Dlavsro,. V W. SWAuliffe, 7 yards .. .. .. N. Rose. 5 yarls .. .. ..... 2 G. It. Melville, II yards. WlAuliffe won by a yard, after being closely pushed ,, Ro a, 7io ran gamely. T." - Tfan privisoo. T. Williams,'7 yards .. ., *.. -DI. M'Auliffe, II yards . .. .; : ." l. Lsaybytt, 5 yards. T"ha ent was not so clbose as the former, Williams winning by habout two'b tree Sards. Four?T Dlylsagorw. W. ?uinn. I0 yarr].. ,, e? . It J. G. Young,8 yards ., .. Although Young ran gamsely for this ree, the 'andicap was too much for him, and be was beaten by about four yards. RUNvxno-oPF Fon HANDICAP. 8\. Harris, 1 yard ... ... ...... 1 This was a walk over, as Williams wouldn't start, consJderlc ~at the four winners should have been LW. Aulife, yard.s ; .X :,.- 2 W.Q Inn, O 7s·~s , ., .. sr -e srens-a., ezcllene-ra-n-..etween these tLraea ur*n; lnt M!'Anlifttla hi' is.stnce through having been put back a yard at -cr:cht. othcrwise thei figlres might have stocd d?;-:r-- tly- - 5eoonl fnl-c-Ser.crzr. IIASDA. 120 yirds. First prizo, £1 10'.: ~s-' et. IOs : third, 5·. For this rnae ther --r.: ci c teen entr.es and it wsaalso ran in fotr .Ll.iou=. - P. CaI:glIa-o. iiy.,rs ......... 1 C. 1linnett, 8 a-.... .. W..tewar., 12 ards L. Nowlan. I; \unta C. Ellis (31itllid). 10 -.Ids A very fair race betwe; the first thre, m-n : but Callaghan proved to r'.p th ,or th* m. S i5:t D IvrtI- Y. 1\. Quinn, I yarl..... ...... I 'Jhoe. (rieCsun. 14 yards. .. 2 0 .•. RL Melvillo, 14 yards iF. Thcmson, 2 yards .. Cnmmhing, 8 yards Quin,. who ran powerfully fr.m the jump, won bin. division by about two yards Tarer DtIsrtlos. S. Harris, 4 yards ............ 1 I. Maaleyv 8 yards.. ......... J. Butler, 12 yards P. Savage. 7 yards The four got away to a good start, but the two latter fell back after going alur.t fifty yards, when Manly pushed Harris ctosely for first pla-.e, but couldn't manage it. FoGrTra Dlvrjso. -orth Rose, & yards . ...... 1 T. Colebrook, 14 yards........ 2 3\. 0. Young. 6 yards WV. Gale, il yards. This was rather an indifferent race, and, a.though Colebrook ran gamely, he could'nt collar Rose. Gale did not start. Fswl. Hf.IT. .L Quinn ............ 1 N. nose ............ ,.... 2 .. iarris ................. : P. Cllaghan. This was alout the laest-conteatad event of the day. and Quinn displayed some running that marked him as the makings of a good runner, while Ifose, who is only a youth, also ran in a manner that caused him to be cheered. The handi eap was too much for Callaghan, Aud he came in t bad fourth. Various other footraces also passed off successfully, viz, a race for youths under 15 years for a prize l1 ; a running hop, step, and jump; standingjump; and old man's race, &c.;, &e.; The proceedings were brought to a close about 6 o'clock, when the assemble] crowd began to disperse,-by far the greater majority returning by train to Newcastle and other of the colliery townships- ;Everything passed off in a most orderly manncr,-with an apparent good feeling pervading all, whilst we noticed no excess whatever, and scarcely any drunken eass --During the day a cricket match between an eleven of the Mllaitland Albion club, and sixteen of a Cessnock club when the formner cameoff victorious in one innings, with 29 runs to spare. A concert and ball were announced to con elude the dav's amusemen't but from some cause the concert lapsed, but the ball passed off and kept up with a zeal that only ]oyal Irish men can indulge in, untill the small hours of the morning. 