Paddy McBride's Story. i "TUITE for ye, ma'am, strange things clo happen to us sometimes, as ye say. A queer thing hap pened to me one night afore Nora there an' I were* married; an'if ye'veno objections, I'll tell it ye while you're taking tay." The speaker-a short, squat figure, with a homely, plain, yet merry face, and dressed after the manner of the better class of Irish farmers, was seated near the table, smoking a long clay pipe. This was Paddy M'Bride, owner of Skillamalee Farm, New South Wales. . It was tea time. Paddy's wife, Nora, was help ing a handsome, well-dressed lady to tea. The lady's buggy had broken down near the farm, and while some of'Paddy's men repaired the damage, the farmer, with true Irish hospitality, had in vited the fair traveller into his house to " have a cup of tay, sure." . "Shut the door Bridget, allanna, and-I say, Tim, ye spalpeen, don't be after gaping at the lady in that way. Where's yer manners ? bad cess to ye. These are my two youngest Ïossoons, ma'am,an' though say it meself, devil a greater pair o' rogues in the colony." Paddy, after delivering himself of the above, took his pipe from between his teeth and laid it on the table. " Well, ma'am, as I wor saying in regard of your misfortune, a strange thing happened to me one win ter's night, in Ireland. At the time I'm spaking about I was a light-heeled young man, an' very fond ov at tending fairs and wakes, and wid a mighty regard for malt whiskey." "Faix, Pat, you've a mighty regard on that same yet," interrupted Nora. " Arrah, houldyer whisht, wife. Shure, you're as bt d as the childer. I was a grinder by trade, and by the same token I used to tramp the country wid a machine that I made my self; going from town to town grinding scissors and knives, mending kettles, pols, an' pans, and doing any odd job that came in my way. Ye may believe I earned plenty ov money, ma'am ; an' by the powers, I ppent it, too, a grate deal quicker than I got it." The lady smiled at the bull; but said nothing, and Paddy proceeded. "One night I was returning home, to Kildare, after having spent a roaring evening wid a set ov jovial spalpeens, at a country shebeen house. It was a dark, rainy night, but I didn't feel the wet at all, on account of the potheen that I had. taken. Now whether the ould wheel ov the machine hadgotout of order-or wether it was that I couldn't see straight, I dunno, but I can tell ye the thing seemed to have been taking whisky too, for do all I could I couldn't keep it in the middle of the road. First it would rowl over to that side, then back again to the other side, as if it hadn't quite made up its mind which was the best to run on. "You've heard tell of the Bog of Allen, ma'am ? No ! Well, it's a quare lonely place on a dark night, I can tell ye. There's not a house (barring an ould hut or two) from one end of it to the other. - I " To reach Kildare I had to cross the bog, or walk I twenty good Irish miles round the road. I didn't feel inclined to walk so far, so I turned off the road and struck across the bog. Although I knew ' my way well enough by daylight, I found myself bothered entirely, by token of the hills, an' holes, an' the mud, au' rain. And to make a long story short, I hadn't got over half my journey, when suddenly down fell the machine into a deep hole, and myself on the top of. it. For a moment I thought I had broken my legs in three halfs. The machine was quite buried in a quagmire, that covered me to my two shoulders. Wid a great effort I managed to crawl out on the higher ground. " The fall quite sobered me, and I began to peer through the mist an' rain for some track that would lead me out of the dirty place, but there was none that I could see ; so, leaving the old grindery iu the hole, I started forward, groping my way little by little, in the gloom, till all at once there Hashed foreninst me a stream oE light, I quickened my pace in the direction, and I soon came upon a small cabin no bigger than my henhouse ; there beyant the light of a candle streaming thro' the chinks in the boards of which it was built. I saw there was a little winder, an ould door, but wet and could as I was, I hesitated to knock, for the place, an' the few that lived on it, bore an ill name. I mustered up courage, however, and gave the door a good hard kick. It swung open immediately and a big fat woman, about forty or fifty years of age, showed herself. "¡' Who are you?' said she wid a voice like a man. " 'A poor gossoon that has lost his way in the bog,' answered I boldly. " * Come to the fore, here in the light ; let me look at ye,' said the woman huskily. " I obeyed, standing in the doorway, while she examined me from nose to toes. " * Come in ye dirty thief o' blazes,' and without more ado she caught me by the two shoulders and dragged me into the place, then closed and fastened the door." The lady's coachman Btood outside, with his profile to the window, listening to Paddy's tale. The farmer continued, " Tho moment I entered the cabin I wishod mysolf out in tho rain again. The place, like most turi'-cuttors huts in Ireland, was scantily furnished. A rudo table, two or three rickerty chairs, a shelf half lilied with cracked and broken crockery, and a long row of empty potheen bottles. Sut the chief object that attracted my attention was the corpse of a man lying shrouded in a blanket on an ould truckle bed in one corner of the room. There was a large turf fire in the grate, whose flickering rays leaped up ever and agin, lighting up the sunken pale features of the dead man with a horrible light. " The woman did not give me much time for wonder, ' What are ye staring at, ye fule?" said she sharply, 1 Did ye never see a dead man before? Sit down here on this sod o' turf and tell me what brought ye out on the bog such a night as this.' " There was no saying nay to her, for I saw she was a powerful heavy handed bully of a woman, an'I saw also that she was almost tipsy into the bargain. I briefly tould her all she wanted to know. "'So you're Paddy M'Bride, the grinder, eh,' said she going to a shelf in a corner and taking therefrom a large black bottle. ' I've heard of you before, Paddy, an' I'm glad ye came hero this night. Here, help yourself to a taste 'o' this,' and she handed me thejjbottle, ' After you, ma'am, is manners,' said I. PADDY MCBRIDE RELATING HIS STORY. J.I_-_i « <rk«:»i._"_Tin i_i_ xi._ i i_J._:~ T"""""" " i:xi.i. T>,,Í. T i ^..«<.AnM .c - " 'Drink, ye little durty spalpeen, or I'll break the bottle across yer empty skull,' she muttered in a fierce tone, her eyes all ablaze with anger. "I was shivering with cold and needed something warm, so placing the bottle to my mouth, I took a good drink. As I did I thought that tho dead man in the corner suddenly opened one of his eyes, then quickly closed it again, with a wink at me. " ' Murder ! the saints purtect and bless UB this night, amen !' cried I in terror, jumping from my seat. ." ' What the devil's the matter wid ye?' said the woman, looking at me with her saddened face. " * Oh, ma'am ! thejdead man-I mane, I've got a murtherin' pain in my inside,' answered I, bo thered almost out of my sinses, ' Indade ! ' ans wered she, ' then I'd advise you to take another drop of the malt, me boy.' ",'Is this your husband, ma'am?' said I, pointing to tile corpse.' " ' Ile was, honey, an' a better fellow never wore a brogue, rest his soul.' " 'When did he die?' " ' About six hours ago.' " ' Had you no doctor when he died.' " ' Devil o' doctor, honey ; there was wasn't a sowl here but myself. An' as I was saying afore, I'm glad you come, for I want to go to the town at on'st. " ' I'm glad of that, we shall be company.' " ' Who'll be company ? is't-' " ' You and I, I'm going to Kildare.' " ' You're going to sit .here and watch the corpse till I come back againj or by the holy poker I'll brake every bone in yer ugly skin, bad luck to me.-' " The woman spoke as savage as a fiend. " ' Have yow no neighbours near^?' ' None !' ' There's another bottle of whisky on the shelf, plenty of turf in the kish there ; sit where ye are by the fire an make yerself aisy. I'll be here agin 1 afore daylight. " Before I h ad time to think about my queer posi tion, the woman wrapped herself in an ould faded cloak, opened the door, went out, and locked the door after her, leaving me sitting staring at the dead man in the corner. My first thought was to get out through the winder and run for my life, Then agin came the consideration, where should I run to in the rain ? Besides it seemed so cowardly to sneak away in fear of a dead man, that lay cowld and still, and hadn't the power to harm anybody. The woman, bad as she looked, had given me shelter, and had trated me well. Why Bhould I run ; all of us would die sometime or another, I took up the bottle of potheen to fortif j myself, I could hear the rain rattling down on the roof of the cabin, and the wind bowling alonp the bleak wastes outside. Taking up an old cracked, cup, I poured out a good noggin of the liquor. As 1 raised the vessel to my lips, my eyes met a sight that raised the hair off my head with terror. " Thero was the dead man, sitting up in his shroud, etairing at me with his eyes wide open. " ' What does ye mane, yo spalpeen, by coming into a dacent man's house, an' drinking his whiskj ia au' undher his very nose?' saidhe, in alow, hoi low tone of voice. , '"Murther! lire, murthor!' shouted I iu agony as I fell Hat to the Hure, " ' Get up out o' that ye mane vagabond, and hand me the .whisky,' sounded the voice of the dead man again. " I thought at that moment that I should go into a fit. " ' Heaven persarve us, why don't ye rest in pace ?" cried I, a cold perspiration breaking out from every bone in my body. " ' Rest ! is it HE ST on these hard boards.'and the dead man giggled a most unearthly giggle. " . Good Lord have mercy on me this night, a wicked sinner. Amen,' I muttered. " ' Faix, if ye don't get up out o' that this minute, I'll make ye,' said the dead man. " I screwed ray courage up for a rush out of the place, when I observed him get out of bed on the floor, and stagger towards me. " * Are ye not dead?' said I, looking up at him in horror. " ' Dead ! no, ye grate Caboagh ; if I was dead, how could I spake ? Where's the pothewn ?' " I saw him go towards the bottle on the table ' and take a deep draught of the raw spirit, and I began to regain my senses a little. But I did not recover from the state of terror into which I had been thrown until I had satisfied myself that he was a living, breathing being, like myself. ' " ' This is a queer freak, to sham dead,' said I, looking at him as he sat by the fire rubbing his thin, emaciated limbs. " ' Aye, quare enough,' answered he ; ' there are some diseases which require quare remedies.' " . How ?' " . Put more turf on the fire, then sit ye down.' " I did as he desired me. " ' Hand me that bottle there.' "'This, this, me boy,' said he, tapping the bottle with his lean hand. 'This is the disease by which many a poor soul has perished; my wife has that disease, an'I mane to cure her this night, piase goodness, or PH run off to Amerika.' " ' I don't understand you.' " ' Faith you will by-and-bye.' " ' Have you been ill ?' I asked. '"Musha have I, very ill, agra; look at me, shure Pm only a skeleton ; nothing but a bundle o' skin and bones ; that woman gone out awhile ago has brought ine down to this ; brought herself to disgrace and shame, and me to beggary through drink. Six years agone I had a thousand pounds in the bank, and a good business in Kildare ; to day I'm a turf-cutter, living in this ould cabin.' " ' How did you carry out this-this strange trick ?' " * Of pretending to be dead, ye mane ? Oh ! easily enough. I had been bad wid rumatics for two or three weeks. My wife was always tipsy, selling anything she could lay her hands on to plaze her appetite for whisky. One day as I lay on that ould bed, the thought came into my mind that I would pretend to give up the ghost. I thought the sight might' possibly sober her and reform her. I waited for a good opportunity when she was in a maudlin way-to carry out my plan, and I think betune you and this ould whisky bottle, that I have succeeded very well.' " ' Troth have > ou, I shan't forget this night in a hurry.' " The turf-cutter laughed a low noiseless laugh. ' I have another card to play yet. Whisht, whisht I what noise was that ?' said he, lifting his finger in a listening attitude. " By his'directionf T cently lifted the window and looked forth. It had left off raining, but the night, or morning rather, was very derk. " ' Get out through the window,' said my strange companion, ' and tell me when you hear my wife returning ; she won't be long now.' " I was soon outside the cabin. It might have been half-an-hour afterwards, a3 I stood sentry near a pile of turf close to the hut, that the sounds of a female voice fell upon my ear pro ceeding from the direction of the township. " ' Hore she comes, avie,' said I, putting my head in at the window. '"All right, honey, fasten the window down, and do you hide yerself near ;the door," answered tho turf-cutter. " I crouchod down ina niche by the turf chimney outside, and whero I could BOB into the cabin, when tho door was open. I hadn't been long in my hiding-place when the turf-cutter's wife, in com pany with nnother woman, carno up to the door, and producing a key, opened it at once, "I shall never forget the fearful enriek|that one of the two set up as the door swung backward. The turf-cutter's wife uttered no cry, but stood in the doorway, her bloated face blanched livid with deadly terror, her bloodshot eyes almost starting out of their sockets, and her mouth agape showing the glistening teeth that rattled together like a pair of CftStQUötS» "Eight in front of the door, with his back to the cabin wall, stood the turf- cutter in his blanket shroud, and seeming to gibber at his guilty help mate. " Although I knew that the man was not dead, a certain tremour began to creep over me at the sight, it seemed so weird'and strange. "¡Tile turf-cutter's wife, sobered no doubt by the supposed apparition of her husband, fell on her knees before it, and lifting up her arms, cried out, ' Mercy, husband, dear, mercy. Shure, I've been a drunken wretch, and a curse to ye all your life, an' now, when ye're dead, ye can't rest ; but ye must rise up again to drive me raving mad at the sight of ye.' And the poor wretch rolled over on the floor in a strong and dangerous fi*. ".I waa a very strong young fellow at the time, but it took the turf-cutter and myself all we could do to keep her from tearing herself to pieces. How ehe raved, and cursed, and prayed all in a breath, then nit at us, at the same time foaming at the mouth, As soon as it was daylight I went into Kildare for a doctor. But the surgeon could do nothing for his patient, so ordered her off to the hospital, whereafter several months of kind treatment and propermedi cines,the woman recovered, But the lesson ßhe had re ceived stuck to hex the re mainder of her life. She never tasted drink after wards. "But the strangest part of the affair is that when I left Ireland to come to Australia the old turf cutter an' his wife were keeping a public-house in Kilpare' Musha, what do ye think of that ma'am"?" A brutal scene (says the GEELONG ADVEBTISBB) was witnessed in Corio street on Monday afternoon by a crowd of men, women, and children. A well known resident in that street thought fit tochas* tise his son, a boy about (fourteen years of age for playing truant from j school, but the manner in which he went about it was, to say the least of it, in human and brutal. Be shut himself up in a room with the boy, and there threw him down and commenced knacking his head on the floor till the blood flowed freely. This was done so heavily that , the noise of the boy's head resounding on the . boards could be plainly heard fifty yards off. When the unrelenting father came out of the room he was a pitiable object, his hands besmeared and his elothes covered with blood. On the floor of the room where the punishment was inflicted there were two large pools of blood. As might be expected, the boy, when his father had finished with him, was very near dead. Fishing for a Chinese thief, in the same manner as we angle for trout (remarks the Buningong cor respondent of the CotxaiEii), isa novelty. A family living on Bowen Hill having suffered to a considerable extent in the loss of articles hung out to dry, put in execution a plan for catching ¿he delinquent, by attaching a piece of twine to ail article of female attire. The plan succeeded ad mirably. On Thursday evening at dark, a nibble, then a tug, and then the line was run out, followed by the whole of a large family, armed with every available weapon for attaek. "John" waddled off into darkness at full speed, with his tail in dis order streaming behind. A chase of half a mile was rewarded by the midnight marauder being run to ground and surrounded, when to their astonish ment, the thing that they had been chasing as sumed other proportions than those which belong to the genus homo. In short, it was a cow, which had by some means got its head entangled in the frills and furbelows of the article, and being frightened at the sudden onslaught, had made off. The party did not attempt to recover the stolen article, but made for home-no doubt wisely deter mining, in this instance, that discretion is the better part of valour. Thomas Eugene Anthony Cavanagh was charged on warrant, at the Emerald-hill (Melbourne) police court, on Saturday last, with forging the signa ture of Alfred George Warren to a document pur porting to be consent of the latter to tba marriage of the defendant with Mary Adelina Warren, his daughter. He further deposed that his daughter was born in 1858, and consequently seventeen years old. Cavanah called on him at his place ot employment to propose for her. He (witness) demanded to be satisfied as to his respectability and ability to keep a wife, as he did not know the defendant. They nad other meetings, but nothing satisfactory eventuated, and the young fair got married by the Kev. J. O'DriBcoll to whom Cava nagh gave the following forged document:"! hereby give my consent to the marriage of my daughter, Mary Adelina Warren, to Thomas Eugene Anthony Cavanagh, this day, Wednesday, June 23, in the year of our Lord 1875.-AIFBED GEOHGTC WAHBEN." Upon it coming to the father's ears, he had defendant arrested.' T^e priest, it appears, altered the name Albert ana made it "Alfred," as it did not correspond vnta. that of the bride's father in the marriage certi ficate. The defendant was therefore committea to take his trial, a very small bail being allowed him, 