ODDITIES. THE PATENT ONE-TAILED SHIRT is surely one of the oddest specialities upon which any man ever attempted to found a monopoly. Yet a patent has recently been granted in America to a certain J. H. Meyers for an alleged improve- ment in shirts which consists, simply of the omission of the sleeves and of the back tail. "These parts," says the patentee in his specification, "any person can readily supply j but the bosom, neck band, yoke, and front tail, require more trouble to make." So he sews these together, and the American Patent Office grants him a patent therefor . "as a new article of manufacture." But there is nothing new about it. It: is simply an unfinished garment, and an old pattern at that. With equal propriety the com- missioners might grant a patent for a shoe, as a new article, which consisted merely of the strings and the upper, with the sole left out. A MISSING GOAT is thus laconically admonished by its owner in .the advertising columns of the Sydney Morning Herald :-" Reward if returned ; if detained after this date will be prosecuted." The reward the poor goat would get if some humane person returned it could only be measured after all by its appetite, and would probably con- sist of a succulent cabbage ; but the threat to prosecute the poor beast, if it be detained, is worthy of the notice of the " Society for prevention of cruelty to animals," unless indeed, the ghost of Lindley Murray should previously castigate the advertiser. A COUNTRY PAPER considers that it is clearly the duty of the Legislature to insert a provision in 1 ' the Ventilation Bill" that will make it " compulsory upon parents to give their children some rudimentary education.before they are allowed to work in a mine." All right, perhaps, in principle but why confine the proviso to mines, or insert it in a Ventilation Bill ? If compulsory education be good for mining fJim it must also be good for manufacturing Jacky ; and a Public Schools Act is the proper vehicle for such measure. To insert a measure relating to the duties of parents into a bill regulating the responsibilities of mine owners would be nearly as wise as to promulgate the customs duties in the Police Act. A CANADIAN Indian has accomplished the feat of running twelve miles an hour.- His wife chased him the first two miles, however. SPRING IN DANBURY.-Spring is here, and the house yard shows direct evidence of its presence. The front gate is down, and some of the fence pickets are gone. For a week or more the sun and the snow have carried on a fierce battle. Slowly the cold white virgin has retired before her fiery foe, yielding up one by one the trophies of her pro- longed raid upon earth. Here is a little heap of potato peelings, there an ash-pile ; then a collection of old boots, next a coterie of misused gaiters, and after them a circle of empty fruit cans and castor-oil bottles. There are also the remains of a very dead hen, and the piece, of the trace to a harness, and bits of board, and lots of half-bleached chips, with cabbage stalks, clothes poles, old stockings, paper collars, a damaged ball, some thumbless mitten. The defeated queen has taken ร last despairing stand beneath the currant bushes running along by ,the fence, and looks moodily over the ruins.-Danbury Nexos. A PURCHASER of a river-side property asked the estate agent if the river didn't sometimes overflow its ' banks. "Well," responded he, " it isn't one pf those sickly streams that are always confined to their beds. " IT is noticed up iu Floyd county, Iowa, that the boys who were converted in the revivals of last winter are already prospecting the orchards, and watching the farmers to see where they lay out the watermelon patches. THE FASHIONS.-This is the way an American paper looks at it : -They are getting tighter every day. Not that they are not pretty ; not at all that, you know. But really, in about two weeks, at this rate, they will have to get one skirt made for each-each-well, each limb, if they want to walk at all. And-ha ! who knows but that is the way they propose to attain pantaloons? Is there strategy here? * . ... _ .. ? ? ? \ ? . ยก 