JACK ESSINGHAM; OR, "THE GRAVES OF A HOUSEHOLD." (A TALE OF NORTHERN QUEENSLAND.) CHAPTER II. POSTS THE READER UP A BIT. BY DRAMINGO. ALL is quiet on the station. Bright and brilliant overhead in the cloudless southern sky shines the glittering belt of Orion, an occasional "morepork" comes mournfully from the dis- tance, and now and agaty the agonised soream of a oarlew; but of human- presence there is no kign. I will take the opportunity of my charac ters being aaleep, to pott the reader up in a little necessary information. John Mortmain Essingham, commonly -called the Squire, and Philip Devaux Essingham, were two brothers. John, the elder, was the inheritor of a snug little estate, producing an' annual rental of five thousand pounds. Philip rejoiced in a slender income of five hundred, left to him by a maiden aunt. John waa a clear beaded, practical, and intensely obstinate country gentleman ; Philip, an indolent good-tempered student, who felt not his want of fortune, made his home constantly with his brother at Hare field Hall, and was for ever on the eve of some important scientific discovery, which, however, never bore fruit. In course of time John, who loved his brother, and looked upon him as a clever overgrown baby, married a Miss Gertrude Psstigne, a daughter of a needy baronet in the adjoining county, one Sir Richard Pastigne. Bhortly afterwards, much to everybody's sur prise, Philip married the eldest daughter of the •time house—the poor baronet was the father of ■even—a young lady at least ten yean older than himself. Now Miss Gertrude Pastigne waa a good look- Ing girl, blessed with a sunny temper and an easy disposition ; and the wicked rumor has circulated that Miss Pastigne, who was looked upon by everybody in the light of an old maid, and who possessed a temper the reverse of her sister's, signified to that sitter that she wished Philip for a husband. Mrs. Essingham com municated the wish to her husband, who, finding that the plan met with his approval, informed his brother that he wished him to propose to Miss Pastigne; and that listless and accommodating individual went and did so. Whether this was the true state of the case or, sot, the fact remains the same. Philip found himself a married man, and residence at the Hall no longer possible. John, however, who ■••med to have chaiged himself with his brother's welfare, found a vacant house in the immediate neighborhood for him, where he •ould pursue his studies at leisure, and life with them soon resumed its even tenor. : In course of time Mrs. Essingham presented her husband with a son and heir, who was christened Philip Devaux, after his uncle, and on* year afterwards Mrs. Philip followed her •sample, and, haying done so, died. This event again occasioned a change of resi dence : Philip came back to the Hall, and Mrs. Esstagham took the mother's place towards his child. John Mortmain. A kind, good mother she was; the boys were brought up as brothers, and John and his wife, who had no more living children, looked upon him as their own. Now, four years after the birth of his child, Philip, who seemed bound to surprise his neigh bors, fell in love with the pretty daughter of a poor devil of a country doctor, and, despite the indignant remonstrance of his brother, who strenuously opposed the match, proved that he had a will of.his own—a fact mo»t people previously doubted—by marrying her. A rup ture with his brother was the inevitable conse quence. Philip started again on a matrimonial career, dependent upon his yearly five hundred pounds, for his brother sternly refused all assistance, not even opposing Philip's wish to take his nephew, whom he loved like his own son, away with him. But here good-natured Mrs. Essingham interposed, she would not hear of little Jack being taken away; he was her sister's son, she had nursed and reared him ; he was her*s, and should not go. " Before her Philip was as wax ; he gave up his son, stipulating that as the boy grew up he should be allowed to make periodical visit* to him, and that he should act be taught to forget the tie of relationship that existed between them. The years rolled on ; Philip had children born unto him—first a daughter, the grave-eyed Leah; three years afterwards Rachel, and then George; but he nerer summoned up enough energy to augment bis income in any way. The one grand act of bis marriage seemed to bare exhausted his activ ity of spirit, such as it was, and he droned on aimlessly through life. But his wife was a brave hearted little woman who had known worse poverty than theirs. She adored her husband, and in spite of everything they managed to be passably happy. After his marriage, Philip never again saw his brother, who was of a most unforgiving disposi tion. Jack came to see his father at stated times, and was always gladly welcomed by his half-sisters and brother, for whose benefit he was in the habit of saving up his pocket-money for several weeks before his visit came off. The two cousins were now at college together, Philip having reached the mature age of twenty-one, and Jack twenty, when the news suddenly reached them that Jack's father was • second time a widower, his step-mother having died after an illness lasting only twenty-four hours. Jack hastened down, and found his father dangerously ill, the sudden shock of his wife's death having worked upon his very deli cate constitution, and when Jack arrived the doctors gave no hope. Squire Eusingham was sent for, but the implacable old man refused to oome, and two days after the wife's burial the Cve was re-opened to admit the body of the band. The money in the funds that produced Philip's five hundred a year, by the terms of his aunt's will, descended to his s eldest •on. The children, therefore, of his second Bsarriage were left penniless. This, however, he did not seem to hare in the least foreseen, and upon Jack now fell all responsibility. He hastened to consult with bis uncle, who refused to see his nieces or nephew, but stud that he would be at the cost of their education and maintenance. Here an unexpected difficulty occurred. Leah, the oldest, a girl of 15, showed an independent spirit beyond her yean, and refused to accept assistance from one who left his brother to die without reconciliation, and appealed to Jack to support her in her resolu tion. Mra. Easingham was, for her husband asserting his authority as their natural guardian, but he refused. They might have what money they wanted, but he would not see them. Jack, finding that he could not transfer the money he had inherited until he was of age, obtained with some difficulty his uncle's consent to leave col lege, and look after bis half-Bisters and brother ; so for nearly a year he occupied the novel posi tion of the head of a growing family, to whose wants he devoted the greater part of his income. The late Mrs. Philip Essingham had a brother, who, after some hard struggles, had managed to attain to the possession of a good cattle station in the new colony of Queensland. Hearing of his sister's death he proceeded to fulfil a long cherished scheme of visiting England. Arrived, he was gladly welcomed by the orphan children, who were delighted at his proposal of their re turning to the colony with him, and Jack was relieved of his paternal cares, and left alone in England. Squire Essingham welcomed him back to the Hall, the departure of his brother's children, under the protection of a well-to-do relative, was a source of satisfaction to him that he did not try to conceal. Mrs. Essingham was glad, as she now looked upon Jack, as wholly theirs, and Philip rejoiced exceedingly at getting back his companion again. It is rather more than a year after the depar ture of the junior branch of the Euingham family to Australia. In a room on the second floor of a house in the W Strasse, in Berlin, are Philip and his coußin. Jack stands at the window gazing through the double panes of glass at the lightly-falling snow, Philip is read ing, sitting in an easy chair, with his slippered feet against the warm tiles of the stove. " Now shut your book,- Phil., and let us go down to the Rousseau lnsel and skate; these rooms are enough to stifle a man." " Anything to oblige you, you restless being," returned Philip, lifting his handsome face, and closing his book. Without possessing the frank, open look of his cousin, Philip has more regular feature* and a 6ner figure ; in fact, but fora certain habitual sneer, and a cold look about the eyes, a better looking type of man hood could scarcely be found. Fur-coated, and capped, they descend the broad staircase, and have reached the first floor, when they draw on one side to allow a lady to pass who is ascending. Jack, who is in advance of his cousin, receives a beaming smile, and a prettily intoned bonjour, Mr. Essingham, in re turn for his bow, but a keen spectator might have noticed a meaning glance accompanying tho apparently more reserved greeting bestowed upon Philip. The young men go on down- the stairs, and the lady is admitted into a door in the first floor. "Madame Desgratoulet looks charming this cold weather," says Jaok, as they emerge into the street; and, certainly, if brilliant black eyes, and an intimate knowledge of the best way of using them, youth, a good complexion, and ■uperb toilette, make a woman charming, the lady they had just encountered merited Jack's encomium. " Yes, the winter teems to agree with her," replied Philip in a constrained voice ; and they stroll on until they reach the Brandenburg Oate. The hoarse cry of the sentry for the guard to turn out tells them that some royal personage is approaching, and they are passed by a carriage containing Prince Frederick and his English bride. The ioo is crowded, and having bought their tickets, the two cousins are soon amongst the busy skaters. "My feet are cold, and I don't feel in a skating humor," says Philip after a short time. " Nonsense, man ; I intend to stop another hour yet There will be a thaw if it keeps on snowing, and we shall have no more skating this year, so make the most of it" " Well, I shall go home." " Adieu, then ; but don't expect me for a long time;" and Jaok started off at railroad •peed. Two hours afterwards, as he walked home through the Thiergarton, dangling his skates, two figures of a man and woman, coming to wards him, suddenly turned down one of the sidewalks, as though avoiding a meeting. "I could have sworn that was Philip," thought Jack; " but who on earth is the woman with him ?" " Has Mr. Philip been home ?" he asked their English servant on his return, not seeing his cousin anywhere. " No, sir, not since you both went out" "Strange," thought Jack. "Keep dinner back till he comes," he added aloud. Half-an-hour afterwards, as he was dressing,* a ring at the bell and the sound of bis cousin ■ voice told him that be had returned. "Where did you go to, PhiLT I was home before you after all," he asked, when they were seated at dinner. "I met De Stauge and Schultz, and went to their rooms. Schultz kept us there, playing his own compositions to us, until I hate the sound of a piano." "I only asked, because as I came home I thought that I saw you in the Thiergarton, walking with a lady, but of course it could not have been you." 11 Well, no—not well," returned Philip. Two' days after the skating excursion, Philip threw a letter over to his cousin for him to read. " You will start at once, I suppose," said Jack, after reading the letter, which was from Squire Essingham, desiring his son, if convenient to him, to return home for a few days. " Yes, I will go by the train to Hamburg on Wednesday (to-morrow), and by the steamer next morning. Expect me back in about ten days." "I can partly guess what the governor wants me for," said Philip, as they shook bands through the window of the railway carriage. He looked long and earnestly at bis cousin as the train moved on. When next they met, bow changed were those two young faces. Monday came round to Jack, and a visitor was announced, " Monsieur Desgratoulet" He was the tenant of a suite of room* on the first floor, and the husband of the fascinating lady already introduced to the reader's notice. M. Desgratoulet was a middle-aged man, some fifteen years older than his wife, of a powerful frame, and severe countenance. Knowing him but very slightly, Jack felt rather surprised at his visit At Jaok's request he seated himself. " You speak French, M. Essingham 1" he aaked in indifferent German. Jack replied that he did. " Then what I have to say I will speak in my own language, it will be easier." "He looks very savage," thought Jack ; " but as I haven't seen him half-a-dozen times, I sup* pose his visit if friendly. Whatever it was that Monsieur Desgratoulet had to say, he seemed at a loss how to begin. At last he asked, abruptly— "Can you tell me where your cousin is at present ? "My cousin t What have you to do with him!" " If you have any desire to shield your cousin, M. Easingham you are not going the right way about it," the Frenchman said insolently. "To shield him," repeated Jack, in amaze ment, and was about breaking out into strong language, when Desgratoulet interrupted him. " I merely wish to ask you a few questions, and then I will tell you my reason for doing so. When you have heard it you will, I think, own that I have a right to expect them answered. If you object, why, " and he gave a shrug that spoke volumes. " No good losing one's temper," thought Jack, "before I see what he wants ;" so, leaning back in his chair, he signified his intention of listen ing to what Desgratoulet had to say. " Then, Monsieur, where is your cousin ?" " At his father's house in England." " Pardon me, I think you are mistaken." " Indeed t Perhaps you are better informed." " No, unfortunately not; but that he certainly is not there, this letter will show;" and he handed Essingham a short note in his cousin's handwriting. Jack, feeling it his duty to see the matter through, stifled a feeling to tear the letter up aud show his visitor out, looked at the note. "' Dearest Lucille !'" " Who the mischief is Lucille ?" he muttered in English. "My wife," said Desgratoulet) who guessed the meaning of the remark. Jack went on reading to himself— "' All my arrangements are now made, and I start for our rendezvous to-morrow. We shall not be able to meet before then, but when you aie my own, my darling, we will make amends for the past cruelty of fate. lam in haste, love, Your own Phillip.'" " Have you read it V "Yes." " Madame left me on Friday morning to visit some friends in Hamburg. Important engage* menta prevented me from escorting her. Yester day I found that note in her room. This morning I received a letter from our friend deploring madame's non-arrival. Perhaps, Monsieur, you will allow that I have reason in seeking to find out where your cousin is at present, for wherever he is, it seems probable that my wife is also." "M. Oesgratoulet," said our hero, after a pause, during which he tried to muster his ideas after this sudden and unlooked for discovery, "my cousin left me on Thursday to visit his father, from whom he received a letter, asking him to do so. If he is not at home, I know nothing whatever of his movements. If things are as you suppose, I can only say that nobody, with the exception, perhaps, of yourself, can deplore it more than I do." ''And do you mean to tell me," said the Frenchman fiercely, his forced calmness sud denly giving way, "that you, your cousin's intimate, living in constant close companionship with him, knew nothing of what must have been going on of late f" "You speak in ignorance of English habits, or you would know that I am the very person whom my cousin would most strenuously endeavor to keep in the dark." "Pshaw," retorted the other, insultingly, "don't seek to evade me. Your cousin has robbed me of my wife, but you shall not rob me of my revenge. You are worse than he is, for you must have acted as his go-between !" He had got this far when Jack knocked him down. He got up, his face white, save only on the cheek-bone, where a red spot told of Jack's blow. "Monsieur Easingham, you shall hear from me;" and he turned and left the room." " What a fool I am, and what a scrape I have got into," thought Jack, as the door closed. '* No wonder the fellow wanted to have it out with somebody, and I walked right into his trap. Well, if I've made a mess of it, Phil, has done worse ; the chance of a shot is not so bad as to be burdened with that Frenchwoman, let alone the row there'll be at home. I must look up a friend, I suppose ;" and after thinking of the best man to apply to, he left the house. He went to a house in the Carl Strasse, and enquired for Major Yon Loewenberg, an old friend of his uncle's, who hod once beeu a guest at Harefield Hall. The Major was at tame, and he found him in a room tolerably full of cigar smoke. Jack was a favorite of bis, and he greeted him affectionately. " I am in a scrape, Major, and want your assistance," he said in English, knowing Yon Loewenberg always liked an opportunity of talking in that language. "What is it, my boy?" " Well, I shall have to fight a duel, I expect" "And you want me to put yon up to a trick or two with the foils ?" "No, not a duel of that sort, but a real d la mart, by the look of things." The Major looked very grave. " Tell me all about it;" and Jack made a clean breast of it "M. Detgntoulet ? I have not the pleasure of his acquaintance." " But you will see me through?" "Of course I wilL Domner Wdttr ! if he is not satisfied with a simple exchange of ahota I'll have it out with him myself." Thai evening Jock had a visit from a gentle* man of the name of Kicard. ' Some snuffy old beau, with the eternal red ribbon," thought Jack, when he was announced ; but he was mis taken. Hia adversary's second was a man but little older than himself, who behaved as though he was making Jack's acquaintance under the sunniest auspices. Upon being referred to Major yon Loewenberg, he expressed great satisfaction, and shortly took his leave, to Jack's great relief. The time was early in the morning, and the place a quiet nook on the edge of the Giinewald. A young medical student accompanied the Anglo* German party to the field. The oold being rather sharp, the preliminaries were soon arranged. "Bin, ztoeir, drti," and Jack, who was a middling good shot, made no pretence of firing in the air, but simply fired wide. Desgratoulet, on the contrary, with his faoe lowering vindictively, put his ball through Jack's wrist; it was meant for the lungs,, but luckily rising, put Jack's shooting any more that day out of the question. Whilst the doctor looked to the hurt, Yon Loewenberg marched stifly up to the two Frenchmen, and asked if they considered them* selves satisfied. Anything but satisfied Des* gratoulet looked, but Ricard,' in the most suave manner, declared on behalf of his principal that his honor was perfectly satisfied. He was going on to express his satisfaction at the admirable way in which the affair had been conducted, but the Prussian cut him short with a formal "Good morning," and giving a curt military salute, went back to his wounded young friend, whom he took home, and watched like a woman during the operation of extracting the balL A fortnight afterwards Jack was on his way to England, with his arm still in a sling. The Major, who had nursed him during the time that he was laid up, almost cried as he parted from him at the station. He insisted on ex* changing cigar-holders with him, and gave him a parting hug that nearly made him cry. Landing at St. Katherine's Docks, Jack started for the Hall by the earliest train. He had not heard a word of his cousin's whereabouts, ex* oepting that he had not been seen at home. It was late when he reached Harefield. The old servant who admitted him, he thought, locked wonderingly at him, but he was more astonished when a formal message was brought from hit uncle that he wished to see him in the library. He was about leaving the room, when hit aunt hurried in. " Oh I my boy, my boy," she said, taking him affectionately in her arms; "how could you act to! Anything, anything but that! He will never forgive you." " But, mother" (for so he always called her), "I could not help it; I had to. -Yon Loewen* berg, whom you know, naid that I was right." "You have ruined yourself, Jack. I never believed until now;" and she tenderly touched his wounded arm. Here another message was brought from his uncle, requesting his imme* diate attendance. " Go," said his aunt, kissing him ; " and for my sake don't make matters worse." In a most confused state of mind Jack opened the library door. His uncle was sitting by the fire, and scarcely noticing Jack's greeting, handed him a Paris newspaper, and, pointing to a marked paragraph, said sternly: "Is that truer What was Jack's dismay to read a lull account of his late duel, with the names given : nor did the matter stop there, for the causes that led to the rtneontre were hinted at in such a manner as to leave the reader under the im pression that Jack wa« the individual who had succeeded in inducing the missing fair one to desert her allegiance. The fact was, that M. Ricard was assistant editor to the paper in question, and, immediately after the affair had written a full and particulai account of it to his chief. The consequence was, that Yon Loewen berg experienced a severe reprimand, and now Jack had to bear the weight of his cousin's sins in addition' to his own. " I need not ask you again if it is true; you bear the proof there," said his ancle, when he laid down the paper. " Now, sir, you have always been treated by me as my own son ; and in return you publish my family name over the continent, as a seducer and a duellist—the last, under certain circumstances I could have par* doned; the first, never! This house can be to you a home no longer ; you have an income of your own sufficient to support you. That is ail that I have to say." " Perhaps, uncle, you will allow me to say, that, although it is true that I was compelled to fight M. Desgratoulet, it is utteily false that I ran away with his wife. I never apoke half a dozen *ords to her in my life." " Then what was the cause of your meeting ?" "He insulted me, and I lost my temper and struck him." "What made him insult you?" "We quarrelled," said Jack, evasively. "So I presome; but what about!" This was a most difficult question to parry. He could easily clear himself at the expense of his cousin ; but to his uncle and aunt this would be a greater blow than their considering him the culprit; and again, it would look as though he sought to step into his cousin's place in their favor. His uncle seeing him hesitate, asked again: " Was not his wife's elopement the cause of your quarrel ?" " I cannot in honor tell you all; but I am as guiltless as yourself of anything connected with Madame Desgratonlet leaving her husband; in fact, he was the first man who told me about it" " Indeed! Philip was not with you in Berlin when this took place." " No; he had left two or three days before." "I had a letter from him from Hamburg, dated, as you say, some days before the duel. Here is what he says about you. I thought it but some innocent boyish joke at the time." Selecting a letter from amongst several lying on the table, he read the following extract from it:— "Jack will join me in Paris next week. He said he wasted to see the last of the frost; but I think the fascinations of a fair lady of France have something to do with his prolonged stay." This was too much—the last straw! " Some day you will know how you have mis judged me, and that I have not altogether Bhown mjßelf unworthy of your past kindness ;" said Jack ; and with his indignation rapidly getting *the better of him, he left the room. That it was impossible that his cousin could foresee what had arisen he believed, but he felt that he must have known what sharp tools he was playing with; and, as it happened, his cousin's allnsion had done more than anything to ruin him in his uncle's opinion, coinciding so exactly as it did with after events. His aunt was waiting for him. With a woman's ready credence in one she loves, she be lieved bis assertions of his innocence. She bade him a broken-hearted farewell, soothed partly by' his assurance of its all coming right soon, and left him strengthened in his resolution to shield > his cousin, if possible, from the consequences of his folly. Early the next morning he had left Harefield, and an express soon whirled him up to London. With what his uncle termed quixotic folly he had, immediately upon his coming of age, realised his money, and insisted upon an equal division of it Be was now, therefore, adrift with a capital of a little over four thousand pounds. "The first plunge is the best," he thought; " I'll leave England at once. I'll go to Australia, and see the girls : if I don't like it I can try some other part of the world ; anyhow, I'll be able to forestall this precious yarn there is about me. That infernal Ricard 1 I wish I'd shot wide enough to have pinked him !" In a fortnight's time he was on board a P. and O. steamer. His resolution, once taken, was soon carried out. He wrote to his aunt, in forming her of his plans, and also to his cousin, enclosing the letter in his aunt's for her to forward. He*had no other ties to bind him to England. Perhaps, when turning over his desk, he lingered over a girl's photograph, and a Bhort note signed " Lucy"—the signs and tokens of a past love-fit; but his feelings were not deep enough on the subject to make him alter his in tentions, and he watched the shores of England fade out of sight without experiencing any extra depresssion of spirits. Arrived in Sydney, he, by Mr. Frampton's advice, tried a trip up the bush before investing bis small capital in any speculation. He there fore joined a party taking a mob of cattle to the north to stock new country, and for over two yean remained in the "Never-Never country," gaining what is commonly known as " colonial experience;" until, seeing a suitable piece of country vacant, he determined to make a start for himself, and returned down south to buy ■tore cattle. As his correspondence had kept him well posted up in the movements of his half-sisters and brother, he directed his steps towards Illamere station; which brings us up to our original starting-point Just in time, too, for it is growing very light in the east, one or two of the cocks are giving premonitory crows, the ghosts are scuttling away to their hiding-places, and in a short time my friends at the station will be up and doing, and I must be ready for them. 