BALLARAT TOWN MISSION. A tea and public meeting were held in the good Templars’ Hall, Sturt street, on Monday evening, in aid of the building fund of the Mission Hall, in Bal larat East. Over 150 persons sat down to an excel- lenfrteapprovided by Mr Ward, after which the, public meeting was, held. ./ Mr' J. Summerscales apologised tor the absence, of the Mayor .of the Town, who had been advertised to take the’ chair, ; but .who was unavoidably, prevented from- attending, and in his iplace Mr JatneS, MiL.A., was voted to the chain J The chairman, briefly.stated .tbe objeot of lhe : meeting, and drew attention to the fact- that the Mission Hall : needed enlargement.;' Mr James also referred ■to ! the remarks -appearing ' in -Monday ’s "‘■Star relative to the work done,by the mission,- and said it was hot always that religious people could get the secular press to take 1 notice of their proceedings, but oh that occasion they had taken a very favorable-view of -the case. They had, also .spoken in the "warmest, lerms. of their old friend Matthew Burnett,-and the- missioh; was greatly indebted to the Star for its kind compliment. The choir then sang, a piece of; sacred rmusic, after which Mr Hosking, the city missionary, spoke at'some length on the doings of the mission, and said it was not by distributing tracts at each door and saying' a few words of spiritual comfort to the poor and needy, but by feeding and clothing them first and then preaching to them, that they, were brought home to Christ. For the last two years the Mission-hall had been full at each Sunday service, and now the place was getting small. The work the mission was doing was of abenevoleut.nature as well as spiritual. Pour afflicted persons had been got into the Eye and Ear Institution, Melbourne,'and one poor,,broken-down women from Esmond street had been got into the Abbotsford Refuge through the-instrumentality of Dean Moore. Ballarat was :a' Paradise compared to Melbourne in regard to vice and crime, and he hoped, by God’s help, to clear Ballarat of all its filth'in a few years. The choir then gave another sacred selection, after whichMrJ. Summerscales, treasurerto the mission, made the following statement:—“ The necessity for an enlargement of the Mission-hall arose from the fact that the services were so : crowded a room was, needed for an enquiry-'class,and also a select Bible Mass. The building at present used for the purpose had been given by Mr Morgan, the • president of -the - mission, and the cost of removal and re-erection had been £34 15s. Miss Kitchen had collected £l4 5s towards, this sum, and with the collections on Sunday and that night’s meeting the total receipts would be about £3l lls sd, and the expenses £7 11s 6d.”' “ Please give me a penny” was then sung by a lady in the choir, after which the Rev. Thomas Copeland delivered an impressive address ou.the “ Baptism of the Holy Ghost.” The ret. gentleman contended at some length that the Holy Ghost was necessary to all good Christian men, but before it was granted they must have a desire for and feel a-want for it. There were many remarkable instances of the coming of the Holy Ghost from the time of Christ to the present day, and the speaker had read not long ago where one, American mimed Carpenter had been-instru mental in convertinglo,ooo souls. Heremarked that the treasurer, Mr Summerscales, had felt a call to do his Master’s work, and when he was unable to speak through illness he had thought of the “ Gospel Leaflets,” and since the first were published 130,000 had been circulated. The-speaker hoped the mission would prosper in all its undertakings and extend its beneficent influence far and wide. Mr T. Pybus, of Castlemaine, next rose to address the meeting, and was received with great applause. 'Mr Pybus spoke at great length on the necessity of a Christian life, and in the course of his remarks re ferred to the cry raised in seme places to have Sunday as a day. of recreation for the working classes. He thought those men who wished to have museums, libraries, and places of a kindred character open on Sundays, together with trains run ning on the day of rest were, instead of being the poor working- man’s friend, his deadliest enemies. The men who indulged in that sort of Sunday rest would" be miserable all their lives, and come to a gloomy end. A good education as a help in the con version of souls to God was nothing unless a man were schooled in the academy of God. He believed that every Christian who fought in the good fight of faith had received, as the Rev. Mr Copeland had said, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, and hoped that many workers in aid of the mission would be raised up and, with the Holy Ghost upon them, would succeed in bringing souls to God. Mr Pybus then sat down amidst great applause. A vote of thanks was accorded to the Rev. Mr Wolfenden and Mr Pybus for their services in connection with the mission on Sunday, to which Mr Pybus responded. The thanks of the meeting were also conveyed to the choir. A collec tion was taken up at the close, which made the total profit from the meeting £l6 16s; Mr Long having sent a cheque for £1 Is. 