?.r.^^DD/MTOTES., - . -t A- Bohemian. ? I wish to retreat. I have been labouring under a mistake. I thought the Roman Catholics in this colony were tpo strong for the Protestants-hut they are not. There is not, so I am now informed, the ghost of a chance of the Roman Catholics gegranting a "slant" at the Protestants of Queensland. We — I mean the Protestants, of course— are well looked after. There is an organisation for the special purpose. We can rest quietly in our beds now without the least fear of the Pope or any of his emissaries, robbing us of our libertios in secret manner, and before we are aware of it. I feel easy in my mind now on the subject — I may go so far as to say that I ' breath freely ' again. The member for Wide Bay dispelled my fears by the questions he put to the Premier last 'Wednes- day in the Legislative Assembly. ' Are the Government aware,'' said he, 'that on Friday last a procession of children, priests, and nuns, paraded through Brisbane, headed by young men, decorated with green sashes, and bearing a flag known as the Fenian rebel flag? Have instructions been given to the police' to prevent tho repetition of such an insult to the loyal citizens of Brisbane ?' No nonsense about that, mind you. A procession of "children, priests, and nuns parading the streets, headed by young men decorated with green sashes,' and bearing a flag with a harp without a crown upon it — ' known as tho Fenian Rebel flasr.' Mark von tTint,! T toJoIi my old friends 'Dogbery' and. goodman 'Verges' had been present because thoy ' had a commission to ' comprehend all vagrom men,' and these 'priests and nuns headed by young men with green sashes' and the flag with the harp without tho crown on it— thoy ought to havo been 'comprehended' on the spot. Thoy worotho visible representatives of the '. scarlot lady,' without a doubt, and if Mr. Bailey and- his friends had not happened to have their eye upon them— why, wo might all have been murdered in our' beds. I havo heard on good authority that Bishop Quinn has a number of Jesuits in his cellar— & la the, conspirators in 'Madame Angot' — ready at a ?? moment's notice to issue forth and establish tho Spanish Inquisition, re light tho :4 martyr fires of Smith/iold, and - play old gooseberry all round, the moment be sees a fair chanco. How thankful we ought to bo that a' band of bravo nnd watchful men have devoted themselves to the task of watching tho Bishop's little game. It requires a sharp eye to be kept on theso sort of people in order to circumvent them, for, in the lan guago of the poets, 'they are as deep as the north star.' I or you might havo seen those priests and nuns andrtho young- men with the green scarves, and tho banner with the harp upon it without a crown, and never have sus pected that there waB anything objectionable about the whole arrangement. We might, and most likely should, have concluded that it was a porfectly innocent and harmless ?bit of amusement. 'Macalister's answer to the doctor's question was a mean shuffle and a transparent subterfuge. Ho said: — ' Tho children- of the Roman Catholic schools marched, on Friday last, from their dif ferent schools to the Roman- Catholio Cathe dral, where thoy mot, and after divine servico thoy separated, and marched homo. Ono party was headed by four boys, bearing a greon flag, fringed with, orange, and having in tho centre a harD. Some of the children worn nreen rurIips. and some wore blue. Their behaviour was orderly. No complaints on tho subject havo been mado, and no special instructions have been issued to tho police.' Bishop Quinn dictated that anBwer. It's all of a piece with the other part of his plot against our lives and liberties, tmd those Jesuits ho has in his cellar aro at the bottom' of the conspiracy — but don't' disturb yourself my dear madam, Mr. Bailey and our frionds will: take caro that no harm comes to US.-',.. ... ...- . ? .' ..!- :?-..- ' ? Havo any of; you, my:dear roadors, heard of . Dr. Lang? I daresay you haven't. ; Hpis a stranger in these parts; In the ages.before tho flood his name used' to be mentioned'here occa sionally in connection with two ship loads of immigrants he brought out.: The ships were called the Fortitude and Chasely, if my memory serves me correctly, and- the immigrants by theso ships wore promised land-orders— which thoy never got. The Fortitude passengers wont and, settled in the Valley north-east of Brisbane, and it is called ' Fortitude Volley ' unto this day— just becauso these people settled there. ? I don't know what becamo of tho Chasely peopio ; but, in my now chum days, Dr. Lang's immigrants wero always boing thrown in my teoth. Nothing ever happened ? to . me in those days without those blessed ..immigrants being brought up 'as an example, and specimen of tho;.sort;of, peopio who ought to be oncouragod ,,top como and sottlo in tho colony. I ,havo ofton.wished that those immi grants had received their land orders as thoy wore promised, and been allowed' to dio quietly off liko othor immigrants to th'eso shores. And, above all) I, wish .the Doctor who introduced theso people had been fairly remunerated for tho time and -trouble he devoted to tho work and the additional labour and oxpenso ho ?incurred in getting tho colony sepa rated, 'from ' Now South 'Wales. It's an 'abominable nuisance to havo to hunt up this old account and assess tho doctor' s claims at this time of day, but it will have to uo dono. Ho is here on tho spot, and is going to appeal to tho popple on -the subject. As' sure- as fato thoso ' Fortitude and Chasely immigrants willjcomo up again and lay thoir claims on tho State for the land orders and the session; will bo over beforo tho thing can bo settled. I heartily wish tho thing could be 'squared';up'' decently. I think, mind you, - that tho old doctor is entitled' to a reasonable sum for' getting this colony soparatod from Now South Wales, because it is easy onough to esti mate the value of tho services rendered in this! particular,. When wo look at our Legislative : Assembly and Legislative Council and reflect for 'a few moments on tho advantages wo enjoy through tho possession of such a body of Legis lators — I. think tho least tho colony could do would be to pay tho doctor a certain sum per head for thorn. That's my plan anyways ; or perhaps an annuity would bo the cheaper plan of liquidating bur liability to tho doctor. Thcro is a great deal of injustice and wrong permitted in this world — when you come to considor tho matter. My old: friend Charles G. Campen can tostify to. the truth of this state ment. Ho has lost his action against young Lorinbborg in tho DistnoiTCpurE-^ali through, spite and malice, no doubt.'* ? There was trea ohery at the Logan eleotibn,'andthe fact that Campen only polled ,8ixll*voteBr, out. of ', the sixi 'Itunte^.roco^odi^f'^o^^^'q^'J^iB ,hdvingj sold' the eieo'tion to Blacjc,'' jf I k^ow Campen at all, I know ho' iB just the man who would scorn to tako^ £50 of anybody's money in an election conto'st in which ho was ongaged. No! he is too patriotic and disinterested to descond to such merconary conduct. Liko his countryman, the celebrated ' Hana Broitmann,' he is actuated by moral ideas. Campen, less favoured than Breitmann, had no committco to conduct his election — ho wusjhis own committee, ' his own scrutineer at the polling booth, and, in fact, managed the whole election for himself ? simply to koop his conscience unsullied, and to givo no occasion for slander. Breitmann won his election as one of his admirers candidly confesses : — . ' 'Hit do,Uolb of a Connodigut man in whom vo hifo groat hobos— . . ' Who hab shnugo liis bolodlcs nvdoon dimes,' uria, dorofoi'o, know de robes, - ? ... ' ? \If Campon had booh willing to ? accopt ''such, . «$lp, ho, too, might havo . been ablp td writo II^.A. after his name at tho present time — but ho wouldn't. It was cold- blooded cruelty, there fore, ^ Bay that ho took tip from Adam Black to split x^he German vote. But pure-minded ' high-soulei^ and, disinterested' patriots always suffer when they como into collision with wordly peoploX The. conviction grows upon me day by day ttat your gonuino patriot is altogether tpo godifor Queensland constituen cies— they cannot ap^ociatohim'.andaro certain to mistake his motives, and misconatruo his ! actions. I hope my fritnd: Campen will com fort himself with this philowphical reflection. 