FLO Ii¥ € AM F UNERAL. An Irish fikrkxn. The ancien t burial-place of the CantiUdn ' family was1 on jaitf Mkn^l, jii Ballyheigh Bay. This island w^^tuafed at no great' dis tance from" the • sliore, and at a remote period was overflowed in one of the en croacliments'vcliich the' 'Atlantic • has made on tliat part^ 'of the coast of -Kerry. The fishermeh'ideclare they have often seen the Tinned walls-of an old chapel beneath them ill the water, as they sailed* Over the clear green Sseajof -a sunny afternoon. However this may' be, it is well known that the Oantillions were, like most other Irish families, strongly attached" to their ancient burial-plaice j and this attachment led to the cvtstom, -when any of the2 family died, ■of earying- the corpse to the- sea-side, where the cbffin was left on -the shore within reach of the tide. -In the morning it had -disappeared,', being, as -was traditionally believed,'conveyed -away-by the ancestors ■of the'deceased* to; their.family tomb. Connor. Crowe, a "county Clare man, was Telate'd lb the v"dftntiUons by marriage. ''Conor ^laft' in Cruagb, of the seven quarters pf Breintragh," as he was com monly; called, and a proud , man lie was of the name. Connor, be it known, would drink a quart of salt waier, for its medical virtues, before breakfast; and for the same reason, I suppose, double that quantity of raw whisky between - "breakfast and night, ■which last he did With as little incon venience to |him; elf as 'any man in the barony or Moyf»rta; ahd were I to add ClanderaLiw and Ibrickaa^ I don't think I should say wrong. On the death ; of - Florence Cantillon,] Connor Crowe was determined to satisfy Mmself about the truth of this story of the old church under the: sea; so when he beard the news pf, the old fellow's death, away with , Mm to Ardfert, where Mory was laid out in "high style, .and a beautiful corpse he made. ilory had been as jolly and as rollicking a boy .in. this day..as ever was stretched, and his w#ke was in' every respect worthy ■of him. JrWe was*, all. land of entertain ment and all sort of&veisiqn; at it, and no less than three girls got • .husbands there •—more luck to them. Everything was as it should. ,1)65 all' that side of, the country, from Dingle to, Tarbert, <was at the funeral. The keen was suing Jong and bitterly; and according, to the family custom, the coffin was earned > to Ballyheigli strand, where it was laid upon the shore with a. prayer for the repose of the. dead... The mourners -departed^ one group; after another and at last GomiorK^rbwe was left alone.. He jthen pullecL out his whisky bottle, his flrop of, .cmnfort, as lie called it, which he require/1^ being .in grief; and he satiupQp a big stone that was sheltered by a projecting rock, .and .partly concealed from view, to; await with patience the. apr pearance of the ^o^ly. undertalreK. ,; The evening came on mild and beautiful; he whistled an old air whichlie liad beard in his childhood, hoping rto keep idle fears out of hisliwtd.; but ihewild strain of that melodyi^|iBWM'ht. .a, thousand recollections with it, which onlyjuade the twilight ap pear more pensive.. T "If 'twas near, jtlip gloomy tower of Dunmore, in my own sweet county, I was," said Connor Crowe, .with' a" sigh, " one might ^ell believe that tlie prisoners, who were fn ur dered long ago there in the vaults under the castle, would be the hands to carry otf the coffin put [of .envv, for never a one pf them was buried decently, nor had as much as a; coffin'amongst them all. 'Tis often sure enough, I have heard lamenta tions and great mourning coining from the vaults of Dunmore Castle - but," continued he, after , fondly pressing his lips to the mouth of his companion and silent corn forte^ thes whisky bottle, " didn't I know all the time ,well enough, 'twas .the dismal sounding waves working through the cliffs and hollows, of tbe rocks, and fretting themselves to foam. Oh, then, Dunmore Castle, it- is $ou that are the glo^my-looTdug tower on a gloomy day, with the gloomy Mils behind you; when one has gloomy thoughts on their heart, and Bees you like a ghost rifling out, of the smoke made by: the kelp burners on the strand, there is, the Lord save us J as fearful a.lppk about you as aKout the Blue mail's XaW at pud night. Well then, any, hosy,^ said Connor, after a pause,," is it net a blessed night, though sure die moon looks mighty pale in the face? St. Sen an himself between ais and all kinds of harm." It was, in truth, a lovely moonlight night; nothing was to be seen around but the dark rocks, and the white pebbly beach, upon which the sea broke with a hoarse" and melancholy . murmur. Connor, . notwith standing Bis frequent draughts, felt rather queerisk, and almost began to .repent his curiosity. It was certainly a solemn eight to behold the black coffin resting upon . the white strand.' His imagination gradually converted the deep moaning'.of old ocean into a mournful waiifor the dead, and from the shadowy recesses of the rocks he imaged forth strange and visionary forms. As the night advanced Connor - became weary with watching; he caught himself more than once, in the ^act of nodding, when suddenly giving his bead a shake* he. would look towards the black- coffin, Jiat the narrow house of death remainedunmoved before him. T. • '■ j It was long past midnight, and the moon was sinking into the < sea, when he heard the sound of. many voices, which gradually became stronger, above the heavy and monotonous roll of the .sea.: He listened, and presently could distinguish a keen. of exquisite sweetness, the.notes of which rose and fell with the heaving of the waves, whose deep murmur mingled with and sup ported the strain! The keen |rnew louder and louder,.'and seemed to approach the beach, and then fell inte a low plaintive: wail. - 'As it ended Connor beheld a number of strange and, in the Siiih light, mysterious-looking figures emerge from the sea, and suvound the coffin, which they prepared to lanuch into the water. f " This comes of marrying with the fea tures of the earth,"said one of the figures, in a clear, yet hollow tone. " Trufi,".replied another, with a voice still more fearikil; *• our king would never have commanded ■ his gnawing white-toothed waves to <devour -the rockv roots of the island-cenietery had not his daughter, Dur fulla, been, buried there by iier mortal, husband!" _ j " But the time will come," said a third, bending oyer the coffin, "When morfc»leye—onr work shall spy, 1 " And mortal ear—onr dirge shall hear." " Then," said a fourth, " our burial of the Cantillons is at an end for ever!" As this was. spoken the coffin was borne from the beach by a retiring ware, and the company of sea people prepared to follow it: but at the moment one chanced to discover Connor Crowe, as fixed with wonder and as motionless with fear as the stone on which hesat. ' "The time is come," cried the unearthly being, "the time is come: a human eye looks on the forms of ocean, human ear lias heard their voices; farewell to the Can tillons; the sons of the sea are no longer [doomed to bury thedust of the earth!" One after the other turned slowly round and regarded Connor Crowe, who still re mained as if bound by a spell. Again arose their funeral song; and on the nest wave they followed the coffin. The sound of the lamentation died -away, and at length nothing was heard but the rush of waters. The coffin and the train of sea people sank over the old churchyard, and never since the funeral of old Flory Cantillon have any of the family been carried to the strand of Ballyheigh, for conveyance to their rightful burying-place, beneath the waves of the Atlantic.—2VortAem Whig. "I say, girls," isaid a little blue-eyed, flaxen-hailed boy on Second- streetyesterday, "let uie take your eandy ahd .we'll all play chicken." Is it nice?" inquired lialf a dozen six-year olds in chorus. " Nice! you bet it is. I*et me show you. Now, 1 11 lay the candy down here on the step, and you all go down there aud come up when you hear me call like a rooster.'' The girls retreated and gathered in a group about fifteen feet off, while the boy got on his knees, with his .head over the candy, and began to call and strut and flap his arms like a roosters wings. " Cluck, cluck, rat, tat, rap, cluck," and all .the girls .came running up and bent to pick up the candy, when the little fellow opened his mouth and took it in at one gulp.„ "Oh, you mean boy," they cried, " you have taken all our candy." " That's 'cause I played rooster," said the boy ; " rooster always calls the hens, up when he finds a grain or corn, and then picks it. up himself." " If one half of the girls only knew the previous life of the men they many, the list of us old maids would be wonderfully in creased," was the remark of. a, prudish spinster to her neighbor, who being equal to the occasion, responded thus—" But if the men knew what their future lives were to be, wouldn't it increase the list of old maids still further ?" A man who had . brutally assaulted his wife was brought before Justice Cole, of New York, lately, and had a good deal to say about "getting, justice." "Justice!" replied Cole, "you can't.get it here; this court has no power to hang you !" Oxygen is IjIfk.—Dr Height's Phospiio dyke.—M XJtrTITODES OF People are hopelessly Buffering from Debility, ferrous and Liver Complaints, Depression of Spirits, Hypochon dria, Timidity,indigestion, Failure of Hearing, Sight, and Merbory, Lassitude, Want of Power, &C-;, whbefcctees admit of a'permahetit' cure by the new remedy Phosehodike (Oztmic Oxy gen), which atonbeallays airirritatib'n arid excitement, imparts new.eiiergy and life to the enfeebled constitution, and rapidly, curds every stage of these hitherto incurable anddistreesing maladies. Sold*by all Chemists and DfcuggUis -throughout the Globe. ^^Caution,—The large and increasing demand for Dr. Blight's Phos phodyne has ltd to several imitations: undBr aoinewhet similar names; purchasers of this medicine sfapuld therefore be earful to observe that each case bears -the Government Stamp, with the wordp,'T)jr.. Bright'a Phosphodyne engraved thereon, and that the same words' are also blown in the bottle. It has been said by sn eminent Medical Practitioner in New Orleans, " give me a eaoplv of "Weston's VPizaht> On/' and "Magic Puis" and I will go through.the World and 'Cure Wll ihe dieeaBesthe human subject is heir to'-" Be this as it may, it is an indisputable fact, that many wondeuful CUEES HAVE BEEN EFFECTED BY THESE JCSTLT celebrated .medicines. 3? r Headache, whether sick or nervous j Rheumatism, Lum bago, pains and Weakness ii-i ihe Back, Spine, or Kidneys, Pains around the Liver, Pleurisy, Swellings of the Joints, Pains in the BowelB, and for all Nervous and Inflammatory aelies and pains, Westok's Wizahd Oil and Magic Pills will afford immediate ease ; and their continued ufee for a few days will effect a per fect cure. EToLi.owAtf'g Pills.—Indigestion and Liver Complaints,—The digestion, cannot be long or .seriously disordered /without the -derangenent being perceptible on the conntenance. 'J hese Pills ;|>r<T^nt both unpleasant consequences; they improve the appetite and with the increase of desire for food, they augment the powers of digestion. and assimilation in the stomach. Hollowey's Pills deal most satisfactorily with deranged or diseased .conditions of the msny organs engaged in extracting nourishment, for our bodies from our various diets—as the liver, stomach, and bowels, over all of which the; exercise the most salutary control. By resort ing at an early stage of this malady to these purifying i nd laxative P Us, the dyspeptic is speedily restored to health and strength, and his sallowness gradually vanishes. 