pakih. (FEOM OUB OWN tjobbespontknt.) May ID. The diBsolatioa is approached, by snort ana easy stages. Byron liked to be particular in dates, but the Assembly doea not ; it had not the courage to go farther than pronounc ing a for its proposed hie jacet. So far so good : it is best not to iook. a horse in the month, and acceptance of the princi(fe of immediate dissolution, as inter preted by decreeing the cessation of the par tial is a great advance npon the period jsrhet). the legislators, in all the pride, pomp, and circumstance of the anta-Thiere coalition, threatened to hold on for ever ; or later, when. they, proposed departing thiB life only with Marshal M'Mahon. There iB apparently no desire to 'obstruct the general elections ia the aatQmn. All feel that when the event has to come oS, it were well that it were done quickly. So say we all of as. Heal, necessary business only will be exe cuted, and that at express speed. No Cham ber can surpass the French in massacring innocents, or closing an unnecessary discus sion. Happily long speeches are not in favor at Versailles ; this is a great redeeming virtue. The Ministry is apparently resolved to maintain a masterly inactivity. Snch an attitude cots both ways ; its position is very delicate, and the situation mnst be managed with great circumspection. Theirs says of M Buffet, the chief of the Cabinet, that he is going on excellently, only he ought to put a little more oil in his salad. As the French themsei ves correctly divined, the rumours of their being attacked by Ger many, without giving any provocation, save their rapid restoration to political and material good health, was all a bottle of smoke — straws thrown up to see how the wind was blowing. Nought can make France me. if she to herself do prove but true, and the French comprehend perfectly their duties at the present moment, both at home and abroad. The disarray and the gyrations of the Imperialists form the only distractions in home politics. ' They are allowed full liberty, if not license, to mourn the hopes that tease them. By the election of M. John Lemoiue to the French Academy, journalism has received a great honour from the ' Immortals," as all Lemoine's literary baggage consisted in his sparkling newspaper articles — more witty and epigrammatic than historically accurate or resting on facts. He beloogs to the best, andperhaps with twomore exceptions, the only serious and reliable newspapers in France — the rest are but leather and prunella. His articles in the Debate, ever darling, make the tonr of the world. Then they are always short leaders, generally about half a column in length, and totally in opposition to the linked sweetness, long drawn out, of the like contributions in the Press of other countries. M. Lemoine is abont sixty years of age, middle height, and slender. He is probably the leaet personally koowo of all the publicists of France to Parisians, because he shuns dis play, and his birth aod long residence in England has impressed upon him some of the severity of English manners. He speaks English fluently, and is the " occasional cor- respondent," as was his predecessor Prevast Paradol, for two of the chief London dailies. He is said to think like an Englishman, but to write like a Frenchman. During the "fusion epoch" he was a fervent BoyalUt one day, and a warm Republican the next. All this never injures in France ; it makes people laugh, and hence is acceptable. M. Lemoine is a very high employi in the Roths child establishment, presiding over the de partment of Spanish finances, which at no time ought to be a sioecore. Lemoine is not so original a writer as de Girardiru The letter's great talent is marred by eccentricity, and be seems to regard consistency as only a matter of a day's duration. Tallyrand counselled to tell a lie if it would only serve your purpose for twenty-four hours. Emile de Girardin is said to be the illegitimate son of Louie Pbillippe ; at all events, from being a waif and stray of society in bis infancy, be bas become a millionaire. He illustrates the French aphorism : everything leads to litera- ture — provided you leave it. He is still con nected with the Press, rather commercially than otherwise. He devotes most of his attention to the famoos Le Petit Journal selling for a so as, and it is bis hobby to try and bring its circulation np to what it attained under its original owners, Mi Hand and the well-known Timothfre Triiwm He sold La Liberie, once a fine properly, bat now only a shadow, owing to its Imperialistic politics, to his nephew, and converted the latter to the plebiscite doctrine. De Girar- din now scouts the doctrine of "appeal to the people," and so far he is in harmony with France. The nephew's hair stands on end at this chopping round, and he has just re plied by printing side by aide Girardin's north and sonth poll opinions. Cut bono here? M. Jules Simon bas not been so fortunate at the Academy, as the applicant for the fauteuil, left vacant by the death of Gnizot. He was, however as good as his rival, Dumas, as neither having obtained the required number of votes, the election has been post poned for six months. This contest was the most exciting, as it was a trial of strength between political and religious parties. Du mas is a celebrated chemist, and is in addition a Bonapartist -and Ultramontanist. Jnles Simon is neither one nor the other, but a distinguished publicist, and a follower of Thiers. The odds are in. his favour, and Lemoine will vote for him. The weakness still exists for worshipping graven political images. As if the lumber- rooms of the mayoralties were not already encumbered with the old buBts of ancient sovereigns and former republics, the munici pality bt- Paris is to have ita bust of Oar Lady of. the Republic. Perhape this is intended as a slight set off to the despatch of engravings of Marshal Mac- Mahon. to he suspended in the council chambers throughout the land. The Mar- .h.i 3 L i_ i _ s r_ . .. buiu ia utajb ugaourea uy allowing Aim -to. keep the- even tenor of his way'. The Paris municipality are down-right-realista. They regard the tomb of Abelard and -Heloise in Fere Lachaise cemetery as a myth, and ques tion an outlay to restore the monument. At the rate the world is progressing, not a legend will be left standing. Even as it is, the most popular work is that devoted to de molishing the character of Napoleon L, as set up Thiers; Napoleon HL is beneath demolition. In fact nothing ia, bnt what ie not. Russia being no w the -arbiter of Europe— what a change within twenty years — all that concerns the Czar. is interesting. Even before and since his romantic marriage, he is subject to fits of melancholy and dreaminess ; he likes to live for a while absorbed in himself, to wander in clondland, and to feel emancipated from the splendours which snrronnd him. Northern nations are liable to these fits of silence and seclusion, and a weakness for dreamland is considered as an indication of a love of peace. Men of iron and blood never dream; history makes no mention that Bis- mark devotes himself to snch a luxury. Bnt Alexander 1L is not leas a practical man, be never parts with the prey for the shadow, still less to engage in a tournament for the single pleasure of parading. Be first of all urns at the interest of his empire, in the future as in the present, and all that does not lead up to this, leaves him cold and indiffer ent. Be .assured where Russia .can benefit she will not hesitate to interfere, with Hie sword if Jjeqsary ; outside this. Rossis will only afford a benevolent mediation,' but never an effective uhaaiBtanioe. The mmml hence, is, that Prussia, ; having no material guarantee to offer the Czar, there being no Black Sea Treaty to tear op, and the march India- wards not being, preening, .'finseia .will not connive at the breaking of the peace of Europe. Q.E.D. . > . People, thongb not Catholics, can.adnure the Pope as a worthy old gentleman, and Catholics can venerate him without adopting his politics. It is thus that Hie celebration of the anniversary of his birthday was so re spectfully observed in Paris. Besides, the French will never go to war on behalf of his remporal Power. The Queen of Spain, who ist her crown for him, ran up a brand new jpanieh flag on the day in question, and no one ever objected to her display of fidelity. The tobacco" question unites all smokers, be rheir political or religions principles what i cy may. The manufacture of tobacco in ance is a G overnment monopoly, and a very rmmrerative one into the bargain. Cigars, cigarettes, soutados, or havanas all are abused like bad weather. To read the charter of complaints, the Government tobacco would be nothing more than s compound of the. even capital -sins ; come, encouraged by the rumour that fragments of telegraph posts and railway deepen have been found in it, do not despair of yet lighting upon the Lost Tribes. Abuse the French weed as may be, it can jostly say. to that manufactured in neighbouring conn tries — "Stand aside, lam Jtolier than thou." The origin of the mono- poly dates from 1810, when Napoleon, struck by the blaze of diamonds on a lady present at the Court ball, was informed she was the wife of a tobacco manufacturer. A few weeks later an Imperial decree was issued, declaring the manufacture of tobacco to be a Govern ment monopoly. It is a tax never grumbled at, and rewards this tenderness of apprecia tion by becoming more productive the more it is weighted with imposts. It is said that it takes a score of men to make a pin ; now, it requires three years and four months to make a pinch of eoofi; owing to the storages the raw and manufactured material has to undergo — like wine and brandy, it improves by keeping. The cigars are prepared by mix ing tobacco from several conn tries and dis tricts, in stated proportions ; the democratic cigar, at one sous, is the prod act of no less than ten different varieties of borne and foreign leaf. To believe some statisticians the increase in the consumption of tobacco is mathematically proportionate to the angmen- tation of the cases of insanity, hence the war against nicotine. It is a fact that the tobacco which produces vertigo and sickness, is that containing the least per centage of oicotine ; for example,! the Dondris cigar has bnt one per cent, of nicotine, and Turkish tobacco lees, yet both affect the head, the heart, and the stomach of many. It is the perfume, the aroma, the essential oils that do the mipcbief. and to which one mast become accustomed, as eels to be skinned. The case of a smoker being killed by oicotine is as rare as a man disappearing by spontaneous combustion. It requires ho ghost to prove tbe rapid revival of trade aod commerce in Paris ; there is a marked increase in the onmher of those shops devoted to the sale of the delicacies of tbe season, as well as ware-rooms devoted to new furniture — tbe latter of very beautiful and ratedesigns ; in iodnstrial art, the French are becoming more and more incomparable. This remark does not apply to pictures, which, however, are largely produced — like razors, to sell to purchasers who base their offers on the average price of room -paper. A lady once observed to me, "A sure sign of prosperity of a people, is not alone in tbe number of its milliners' shops, bnt in the variety of the shapes, &c.;, exposed judged by this standard, Paris mnst be the moBt thriving place in the world. A less msthetical index is that daily before my eyes ; tbe num ber of barges and tag-boats that asceod and descend the river, laden with cargo, is doable now what it was last year. The lilac has nearly gone ; a thing of beauty is not in every case a joy for ever ; to tbis succeeds those pretty flowers, of young girls dressed in white, engaged in tbe duties of confirmation ; they are more numerous this year also ; people, perhaps, are becoming more devout, if so, so much the better— or the population is increas ing, which also merits felicity. Not only the races, but the concerts in the ChampB Elyseds are capital places for measuring the well- being of Paris. Both, as tbe omnibus signal, are au compleL The concert in question is still traditionally correct ; no black sheep are ever allowed to enter there; it is not that ladies are called npon to show their marriage certificates before being admitted, but there is a janitor at tbe gate, whose judgment never fails in drawing the line between Virtue and Vice, and who has served his apprentice ship st the Jardine Mabille — the best of diplomas. The annual ffite of Jeanne d'Arc bas been celebrated with all honours at Orleans, and the selected preacher demanded from his hearers to have only the simple faith of tbe Maid for her country aod for her God. Some thing ought to be done to make the Bishop of the diocese move more quickly in completing the preliminaries for her canonization. Mgr. Dup&ulonp; promises to be as tedious as the famous Constitutional Committee of Thirty ; he ought to ask leave of absence from the Assembly to bring his patriotic work to a close. A warning to lovers who meet alone, bnt not by moonlight. A young man had an as signation with his intended on the banks of the canal at St Denis, and while discussing, in walking, the fixing of the day for their marriage, tbe pour girl stumbled into tbe water, and was drowned before assistance arrived. Paris has an immigration from Belgium every February, lasting till May, of abont 8500 workmen ; their labour ia not to plait straw, but to stitch the latter together into hats. A good worker can gain 8 francs per the legs of a fat man. Inc A bachelor, and rich, advertises that he is weary dining alone, and that he will gratuit- Anulir ekuM hie ilulc KfmuI with a nontlpman producing the evidence of being cultivated, and enjoying on income of 50,000 francs a year. 