A First Literary "Venture. YES ! Upon mature deliberation, I determined to take it up and " rastle " with it. I had been two weeks under Needham's tuition, and I calculated that my caligraphy had about hoisted up to love-letter waterlined mark. She was a dear girl, and though her hair was red. her eyes ivere hazel. She was only eight years of age then—true—but she was growing older every day, and I myself was only ten. So when I put it all down, totted it up, and looked at the total, I concluded to write to her. After several false starts, I managed to paint to my satisfaction, and enlisted the services of a schoolfellow, who happened to be a better hand at sigiiwriting than I was, to address the envelope. I knew that my darling would feel a thrill of-pleasure upon receiving, a real live letter, and to make the sensation more exquisite I resolved to send it per post. Pending the . accumulation of half-pence necessary for a postage stamp, I placed it for affectionate safe-keeping inside ray shirt, in c^ose contiguity to my heart. I blush (o own what follows. Engrossed in the exhilarating exercise of "knocking down gingerbread," I forgot all about my love and my love-letter. Whew flushed and excited, I sought my virtuous couch, the forgotten billet d<ni.i' fell unperceived by me upon the floor, and was found next morning by the paternal author of my being. Now, if there ever was a mean man, whom heaven had blessed with a bright intelligent sou and heir, that person was the gentleman who had the honour to be my father, for he read, my letter through ! He roused me from my slumber and re-read it aloud, slowly, calmly and distinctly. When he bad finished, he said sternly—" I'll teach you to write love-letters." He said he was going out to look for a pen. He returned with a young telegraph post, and commenced to teach me! I was the copy-book, and the old man used to make his downstrohcs very heavy. That writing lesson affected me so much that, in biblical language, I lifted up my voice and cried. I took my meals standing for a week after it, and I have not written a love letter since. Somehow I never could look upon that first attempt as a brilliant success. I am not a good penman, and I do not care to receive any more free lessons from my father ! IBISH STEW.—A faction fight. THE Proper Time for Ghosts to Walk.—The dead of night. " I'll drive you home," as the hammer said to the nail. 