A FORCIBLE REMEMBRANCE. When first I knew Tom Wilson, the landlord of foe White Horse and Warm- rngpan, a well-knowing sporting house, few people would have foaneht he had ever been one of foe fastest pedestrians of his or any time. Fat; jolly, and possessed of a fair share of tins world's goods, it was hard to imagine him getting his living in tbe hand-to-monfo manner peculiar to foe journeymen of foe sport ing world ; bnt, as he himself expressed it, he had served his time, nevertheless. Strange stories have been told of his former career : how he had been in foe "barneys" and "doubles" with which athletics are associated, and had partici pated in foe "ropingB " and " milkings " peculiar to foe turf world. Some kind fnAYida narttftnlfiplv tTinco nrltnm Via Viq/V assisted in days gone by, told strange stories about him, and roundly asserted that he had, npgn emergency, played the part of professional pugilist This latter I doubt, for Wilson was superior to any other man ! ever-met, in even hisstation of licensed victualler, and there were few topics' upon which he conld not converse both sensibly and well He rarely spoke of his pedestrian career ; bnt one night, in a burst of confidence, and in his cozy bar-parlour as well, he told me how it was he first became connected with sporting, many years back. As well as I can remember it, foe story ran thus : The manner in which I drifted into the sporting world was somewhat peculiar. I had no more idea when I made my first running match of becoming a pro fessional than yon have now ; but I won so easily, and was so immensely vain, that I accepted challenges as fast as they were given ; and, in less than twelve months from foe day of my first race, was regarded as foe fastest sprint runner in London. There were no amateurs then, and men who wanted to ran had to contend against a mixed lot. My earliest conquest was over and old schoolfellow, wbo, having won three or four races, thought it great fun to enter into an engagement with me, and brought down all his friends and relations to lay odds on him and see him win. They were, however, sadly disappointed ; for though they accomplished the first part of their task, the second portion of foe programme was not nearly so satisfactory, inasmuch as there proved to be a differ ence of nearly ten yards between ns in two hundred, which difference was all in favour of myself After this. I made manv what were at the time called bad matches ; bnt as im provement came rapidly with practice, I polled throngh them all — often to no one's surprise more than my own — after having been informed on authority that I had not the ghost of a chance of win- nine— - . . Ton will, understand by this, that I was not ' in "the -v— a„y regular backer or trainer of pedesttlaner,- otherwise my capabilities would have been easily discovered, and a good deal of money made oat of them. My occupa tion did not allow of a regular course of training, my acquaintance with sporting men was of the most limited kind, and the money for my matches nsed to be found between half a dozen of us, chief among whom was a publican, at whose house we used to meet, and who was regarded by us as foe incarnation of turf wisdom. I have since had occasion to modify my opinion of his ability. Early in the morning, and late in the evening, we nsed to start on our training expeditions: one, proud to carry the champion's shoos; another rejoicing in possession of foe trunks ; and all armed with short sticks, provided with thick boots, and protected by still thicker mufflers. On a piece of road in the neighbourhood of Hornsey, I galloped to my heart's content and foe admiration of my friends ; and I can assure you that we used to return home after these dis plays impressed with the idea we were foe artfhllest lot of yotrng dogs in foe metropolis. ! have before referred to my occupa tion. I was'at foe time holding a fairly responsible position in a City boose, receiving good remuneration, and with a decent prospect of advancement. Therefore; yon may guess, it was with feelings of horror and disgust that one Saturday I received a polite note from foe head of foe house, informing me that I should not be required any more, and enclosing a month's salary in lien of notice : " We are very sorry to part with yon; .bnt our attention has been Te-' peatedly called to foe fact of your being professionally engaged in the sporting world." . I. went home -stupefied. . I never thought 'of- choosing a nam dt eircon- stance, and my matches .had always been noticed in foe papers ; bnt I had never dreamt of this result-— almost a death blow to -a man- with a wife and. two little children. < However, T'helieved too strongly in cast down.- Iliad also -a vague, uncer tain, and foolish idea of fame in connec tion with my. new pursuit; and .was ex-, tremely proud of - bring pointed ont and admired : whenever I visited a running- ground. '-The probability of losing never entered into my calculations, and" I" had; forgotten to reckon that ...the .money, which formed an ' agreeable -addendum to a . comfortable .salary, would be -found barely sufficient to pay rent sold provide us with bread and butter:, Misfortunes never come alone. Men who' had a month before offered to ran; me level now asked for starts, and foe future began to look extremely dreary. My relatives; persons of a : genteel and therefore narrow-minded . class, had long before voted me an outcast, and dim visions of hungry youngsters, pawnshops; and parish relief began to hannt me. At last I entered into an engagement with Bob Stevens, a runner who had, before my advent, been regarded as foe best Londoner, jahd agreed : to give, him two yards and six score for a Stake of £50. Then ©dmmenced foe- task of raising foe coin.- Difficulties beset jine from foe outset.. One man hadan ac- connt .to pay, another had just -settled one, the third had .resolved to jgive up the game, and a fourth fold me flatiy that he thought ;I was -sure to lose; ana that he should stand pry opponent I had, therefore, but one resource left, | which was to apply to a professional backer, and obtain his advice and assist ance. I have before stated that I knew little or nothing of these gentry ; but I -had several times seen, and much often er heard about, a Mr. Thomas Cost, who managed a running-ground in foe sub urban east of London. Cost — or Old Tom, as he was generally called — bad himself been a performer of some note, but had of late years been content to superintend foe movements of his younger brethren ; to find them their stake-money, -run them their trialB, pocket foe larger share of foe profits when his men won, and arrange matters so as to lose as little as possible when defeat overtook them. So successful had he been in his endeavours, that the mere fact of his taking a man in hand was of immense benefit to foe latter ; and I knew that if I conld say Tom Cost was standing a fiver or tenner with me, I should very easily raise the remainder of the money. -To Cost then I accordingly went; and explained to him exactly how I was situated. He UBed to live in a little house standing in the midst of foe run ning gromid, and residing with him were several noted " peds," who regarded themselves as very fall-sized apples indeed, aUd who, guessing I had come down to interfere with sonm of their special prerogatives, submitted me to a half- pitying, half-contemptuous cross- examination, before I was allowed to see their master. The reason for this treat ment was, that there is no class for which bona fide professional athletes have so thorough a contempt as the body to which I then belonged — the half- amateur .class, which is neither gentle man nor professional, bnt a mixture of foe two, possessing tbe worst features of both school. Iu justice to Cost's stable, as they collectively called themselves, I must say that I received many kind nesses at their hands when they came to' know me better, and when I was ad mitted among them as one of their kind. Cost listened to me very patiently, and then expressed his opinions. He said he had seen me run on several occa sions, and that he thought I might, by judicious training, be made to travel much faster than I had ever done before. "I think yon can win easily if I take yon in hand ; and if yon like to come down here and train under our system, I'll find as much money as yon want" I told my adviser that I should have no difficulty in getting money if I only had his promise of support, to which he replied, "Very well; say I'm going a tenner with you ; bnt yon may as well collect all. foe pieces you can, and then on tbe day yon can back yonrself, or hedge with the overplus." This seemed at foe time rather strange advice, as I had never dreamed of -drawing more than sufficient for the usual deposits ; bnt I kept my thoughts to myself; and agreeing to return in a week, for foe purpose of getting fit, went back to my own neighbourhood. I lost no time in informing everybody d— knew t b at Tom Cost was finding me and foosewho haif fietirTiSZ. . their remarks as to my folly in malting tbe present match, at once recanted. Offers of assistance came from all quar ters, and on calculating . foe amount guaranteed, I found that no less than three £25 ' matches conld have been made by me. Of course, foe news soon travelled far and wide that Tom Cost had taken Tom Wilson into his charge, and the few evenings which elapsed before my departure were passed in lionising at various small publics, and in looking with scorn and contempt upon any less fortunate member of foe profes sion across whom I happened to fell My friend Biggins, foe publican, upon whose shrewdness I have remarked, was, in company with the rest of his party, extremely jubilant; aud he lost no oppor tunity of publicly remarking that he had from foe first observed my extraordinary Bpeed. So said all foe others. Bnt they were perfectly oblivions of their refusal to back me until Tom Cost took up my cause. Well, in dne time, I arrived at the S Grounds, and commenced my preparations. These were not very difficult; as previous engagements had placed me in very good form, and I carried no more superfluous flesh than I could conveniently -get off by dint of walking exercise and continual practice at my distance. Blessed with a good constitution, and sparred by emulation and love of foot-raring, I took rather too much exercise at foe outset, and though I felt wonderfully well, ran a decidedly bad trial at the end of my first week's sojourn. My experienced Mentor, far from feeling discouraged at this — as my clever tutors of olden days woilld have been — saw in it signs of advantage. He made me totally abstain from running for two days, during which I took nothing but enffirient gentle exercise to prevent my increasing in weight; and then he once more pnt me ".throngh the mill " foe result making him very much surmised. mv time, bring better than either of us had expected it to be. Regularly my promised remittances arrived, and I soon had a. con&iderabe; balance in hand. This, rather troubled me, and on the first opportunity I asked Cost what was to be done with it He answered, " Have you made any arrange ments for foe Bupport ofyonr missus and youngsters whilst you're training ? No % I foonght not. Then you'd, better send a tenner home at once; andPil mind foe remainder:" " Bnt how am I to account for it after foe race! I shan't have enough to pay my backets out" " Well, in foe first place you haven't won yet——" ' « Haven't won ! Why, yon said it was a hundred to one on me I" " Well, so it is — but, there, cat away : yon'll find it'll be-all right" The foUowing Saturday was a handi cap dayat the grounds, and my name was duly entered as scratch man in foe iiace. jU l was training for a match, ! did not expectjto ;have to run ; bnt at breakfast in foe morning Old Tom told ml not to do any work till foe afternoon, and then to take .my; practice in foe handicap. " And," concluded he " don't eat boo uinfo dinner, for ynn'n tiiro in mn two or three .times. . " What 1 doyou think I can win foe fustheatl" " I do, and, what's more, Tve backed ' yon to win right out : beside which, I'm making a book, and you'll have to run for me." Of course, I felt very flattered at this mark of confidence, and anxiously longed tor foe afternoon. I knew I should be sore of getting well away in each heat, as old Tom, or a nominee of his, would fire foe pistol. Bnt; - looking at the list of good names down, to all of whicb I had to concede more or less start, I conld not understand why I was allowed to try, as winning would be sure to expose my best form, and make foe match with Stevens a foregone conclusion. And the more I studied the question, the more puzzled I became ; but I was very glad to show off, and strutted about foe ground with conscious dignity. Among the visitors were many men of my ac quaintance, and when I told them I was going to ran and try, they thought it was sheer madness. "Because," said they, "in foe first place, you can't win, and if yon do, yon won't get a bet on your race with Bob. Look at foe starts you've got to give Soandso and Whatsbisname." And so they sang in chorus. Well, I won my first heat rather easily, although six to four was laid on one man, evens on another, two to one against me, and any price outsiders. This showed I was running well, bnt still few could be found to support me when I was drawn against .the favourite in foe second round. This - man had a long start — right yards in a hundred and thirty — and foe heat seemed to be at his mercy ; in fact he wonld have taken four yards of me in a match. Bnt I had -my orders, and getting away well, gradually overhauled him, got level ten yards from tbe tape, and won comfortably, to foe intense chagrin of the layers of long odds, and the delight of a few who had stood by me. The most dangerous man was now beaten, and the final heat was almost a walkover. - When I had won right out, I was carried round the ground by a band chiefly composed of the old training-gang, which I must, for con venience sake, designate Biggins's lot, and they then went away, leaving me to my dreams of future greatness, and more than ever convinced that I was the best man in England. This was a week before the day set for the race, and during the interval the most extravagant stories were set afloat as to my powers. Those who had been the last to believe in my exceptional ability now magnified it, as if to make np for previons shortcomings ; and bet ting, from evens taken on Stevens, rose with alarming rapidity, to six to one offered on Wilson, without a response. Clever people spoke of foe coming contest as a " walk-over," " an exhibition," "a good thing," etc., and nobody ever dreamed that Bob Stevens had got the ghost of a chance. At last the day arrived, and early in the morning old Tom came to my bed- ride and, having woke me, said without any introduction, " You'll have to lose this race, Tom Wilson." I thought'he was joking, and laughed ; but he assured me that he meant what be said, and then speechless indignation seized me for its own. Daring my silence he continned, »-j- — - — — — i- ioll_mp £hat vnu didn't understandfoe garnet was playing 1 What do you think I let you win that paltry five ponnd -handicap for ? Why, here is a fortune to be got all at once, so dorit be a fooL Everybody will be mad to lay five to one on yon. If yon win yon'll have fifty pounds to draw and more than a hundred to pay, for you mustn't forget the over money will have to be paid as though it was in the stakes, whereas, Fll give you two hundred pounds now to stop behind, and another two hundred when foe race is over besides foe money I have got of yours (thirty ponnds.) Yon can then come j'and live hero altogether, and, running with judgment, will in a couple of years get a lot of money. In the meantime, your wife can go into a little business with some of what we get to-day. So don't be stupid. Here's the two hundred aud thirty _ "jemmy,": and there'll be another hundred to night" Great as was the temptation, I was honest — or idiotic — enough to resist, and read him a severe lesson on his perfidy.. After a stormy scene, we parted, bnt I shall never forget his final remark : " Well, have your own way ; bnt yon' are sure to be licked on your merits some day, and then see how your pals will serve you — them as you're too proud to do now." In the afternoon my friends began to arrive rapidly : Old Tom had recovered his serenity, and I felt very happy. I had never been beaten, and the idea of loss never disturbed my serenity. Still, I was balf inclined to assent to Tom's proposition ; but I shook off the fancy, and went out and watched the arrival of Steveus and bis friends. I was rather interested in the movements of a strange individual, who, mounted on a stool, was excitedly expressing his inten tion of taking odds, and who, 'having accepted all the fives he could get, was now satisfied with fours. ' Little I thought who placed him there, and just as little guessed that 1 was roe victim ot as cruel a swindle as ever was perpetrated. The time arrived at which we -were to be on tbe scratch, and having ascertained that Stevens was ready, I was soon out of my clothes. Our articles of agreement stipulated that we were to start by mutual consent, bnt that if we failed to get off in .fifteen minutes the pistol was to be brought into requisition. JnBt as I was abont to leave foe room in which we nsnally stripped, Tom said, " I shall attend upon yon myself ; bnt one thing I must impress upon yon : don't go by mutual consent There seems to be a disposition to back Stevens, based upon a supposition that lias got wind that you have listened to reason ! If yon stand on the mark as if you don't know what to do, and ran off when there's no chance of his going, suspicion will be aroused, because yon -conld let. him go and catch him easily ; foe bet ting will come to evens, and I have sent out your thirty, pounds to be pnt. on. We shall then get very nearly as ; much as if yon had done what I asked yon." . I readily agreed, glad to please Tom in any way I could with a due regard to honour, and stood oh foe mark for a quarter of an hour to foe surprise of my friends; who, however backed me . wifo all forir money, Just as foe starter walked up foe course pistol in hand, I beard the strange man sing oat, " six to four on Stanford." Feeling astonished I turned to Tom, who said, " It's all right ; they think they know something. You'll mow him down easily. Here; take a swig." My mouth was parched with the ex citement of foe moment; I took foe bottle and drank unthinkingly. As I threw off my rug, and got on foe mark, a horrible sickening sensation seized me. I felt blind and confused, and reeled as I stood ; bnt long before I conld analyse my feel ings I heardfoe pistol crack, and started instinctively .after my opponent. I can remember struggling madly, and feeling as though my feet were made of lead— I I never shall forget it ! Still, in spite of the strong dose I had just taken, I got quite close to Bob ; but the effort settled me, and I was just beaten on the post. As the tape was passed I fell down in a dead faint. . When I came to I was almost alone — my quondam friends had departed, swearing bitterly that I had sold them — and Old Tom was holding a glass of something to mv lina. I staggered off the couch (I had been carried indoors), and expressed my determination to de part forthwith. No objection was made to this, and I, the conqueror in twenty matches, staggered home alone, with temples throbbing and heart bursting, weary, footsore, and penniless. Biggins and Co. turned their backs npon me; old Tom laughed contemp tuously, and it was a very long time before I got another start, daring which I suffered greatly. When tbe stoiy be came pnblic, which to a certain extent it soon did, I received no pity ; foe vexy persons I had striven to serve said I was a fool to refuse so good a chance, and when I asked them to make me np a stake (for I could now get on lots of easy matches, being a beaten man), scoffiingly refused and I bad to wait my turn and climb np again the best way I could. But this bit of training — for training in the strictest meaning of tbe word it was above all other kinds, and to it I owe my present position, as well as many a success in days gone bv — eventuallv did me a great deal of good. It showed me how Quixotic it is for one man to attempt upsetting a recognised institu tion, and how certain the effort is to result in failure. WheD my opportunity came, I availed myself of it : played the game I had formerly scorned, turned the tables on Old Tom, paid out Biggins's lot, and am a living instance of the adage that " there is no sharp like a converted flat" Still, it was a long time before I did get set up again, and during the time of my defeat by Bob and my fresh start I was pretty familiar with poverty. I often sliiver now when I wake np suddenly and am not sure if I am as I am now, or as I was once. But the day came at last, and though I had many nps and downs before I found the balance per manently inclining to foe comfortable side of things, I never suffered again throngh trying too hard to benefit other people. Believe me, the man who makes most enemies and has most trouble in this world is the one who is always 'in a huriy to oblige people. And I have had some bard experiences at many things besides polo... . iom — Yet although foe story I have just told you is comparatively unimportant, my mind always dwells on it, and if I were to live for a million years, I should never forget my first hard lesson in the ways of the sporting world. 