THE NOVELIST^_ XT ísT OLE S I L A S. ¡ «y J.S.Li: FAXU. ClIAl'TEIt LX1X.-Sl'ICKD CLABJ5T. 1 did not lie down; but I. despaired, l waiite round and round the room, wringing my hands i utter distraction. I throw myself nt the bedsit' on my kue'sa. J could not pray. 1 could onl shiver and moan, with hands clasped, an eyes ot* horror turned up to heaven, think Madame wa?, in her 'malignan!- wa perplexed. That some evil was inteude ni« I am sure she was persuaded ; but I dare sa Meg Hawkes had said rightly in tolling me thu she was not fully in their secrets. The first paroxysm of despair subsided int another state. All at once my miad was fille with tho idea of Meg Hawkes, her enterprise, an my chalices ot escape. There is one point a winch, the road to Elverston makes a short ascent there ia a sudden curve thore, two great ash-tree with a road-aide SÜIB between, at the right sidi covered with ivy. Driving back and forward, did not -recollect having particularly remarkei this point in the highway; but now it was lief or mo, in the thin light of the thinnest segment o moon, and the figure of Meg Hawkes, her bael toward me, always ascending slowly towan Elverston. It was constantly the same picture the same motion without progress, the same dread lui suspense and impatience. I was now sitting on the side of the bed, look ing wistfully across the room. When I did no see Meg Hawkes, I beheld Madame darkly eyeing first one then another point of the ch<>iuber evidently puzzling over some problem, and in om of her most savage moods-sometimes protruding . and sometimes screwing up her great mouth. She went into her own room, whore abo re niaiiied, I think, nearly ten minutes, and on he return there was that in the Hash of her eyps, tia glow of her face, and the peculiar fragrance thu surrounded her, that showed she had been pártale ing of her favourito restorative. 1 had not moved since she left my room. She paused about tho middle of tho lloor, ant looked at me with what i can only describe as he: wild-beast stare. "You are a veiy secrete family, you Euthyns you are so coning ; I hate the coning people. my faith I woel see Mr. Silas lluthyn, and ask wa lie' mean. 1 heard him toll old Wyatt that Mr Dudley is gonce away to-night. He shall tell m< everything, or elso I will make echec et mat auss vrai que jè vis." Madame's words had hardly ceased, wlwn I wai again watching . Meg Hawkes on the steep rond mounting, but never reaching, the top of tin acclivity, on the way to Elverston, and mentally praying that she might be brought safely there Vain prayer of an agonized hoi'.rt ! Meg's journey was already frustrated; she waa not to react Elverston in time. Madame revisited her apartment, and returned not, I think, improved in temper. She walket about the room, hustling the scanty furnitur* hither and thither as she encountered it. Sin kicked her empty box out of her way, with } horrid crash, and a curse, in French. Sha strodt and swaggered round the room, muttering all thc way, aud turning the corners of ber coursa with a furious whisk. At last, out of the door she went. I think she faucied she had not been sufficiently taken into confidence as to what was intonded for me. It was now growing late, and yet no succour ! I was seized, I remember, with a dreadful icy shivering. I was listening for signals of deliverance. At every distant sound, half stifled with -a palpita tion, these sounds piercing my ear with a horrible and exaggerated distinctness-"Oh, Meg!-Oh, Cousin Monica!-oh, come! Oh, Heaven, have, mercy !-Lord, have mercy !" I thought í heard a roaring and jangle of voices. Perhaps it came from Uncle Silas' room. It might be the tipsy voilence of Madame. It " might-merciful Heaven I-be- tho ar rival of friends ! I startnd to my feet. I listened quivering with attention. "Was it in my brain ? was it real ? I was at the door, and it seemocl to open of itself. Madame had forgot to lock it. She was losing her head a little by this time. The key stood in the gallery-door beyond. It, too, was open. I lied willly. There was a subsiding sound of voices in my uncle'j room. I was, I know not how, on tho lobby at the great stair-head outside my uncle's apartment. My hand was on tho banis ter, my foot ou the first step, when below me and against the faint light that glimmered through the groat window on the lauding, I saw a bulky hmnna form ascending, and a voico said " Hush !" I staggered back, and, at that instant, fancied, with a thrill of convictiou, Lady Knollys' voice in Uncle Silas' room ! I don't know how I entered the room; I was there Uko a ghost. 1 was frightened at my own s ta ie. Lady Knollys was noi there-no one but Madame and my guardian. I can never forget the look that Uncle Silas fixed on me as he cowered, seemingly as appalled us I. I think I must have looked like a phantom newly risen from the grave. " What's that P-where clo you come from ?" whispered he. "Death! death!" was my whispered answer as I froze .wi th terror where 1 stood. " What does she uieau ?-what does all this menu?" said Uncle Silas, recovering wonderfully and turning with a withering sueur on Madame, i " Do you think it right to disobey my plain direc- . tious, and let her run about the house nt this hour?" j " Death 1 death ! Oh, pray to God for you and ; me !" I whispered iu the same dreadful tones. My uncle stared strangely at mo again; and after several horrible seconds, in which he seemed to have recovered himself, ho said, sternly and coolly "You give too much place to your imagination, ' niece. Your spirits are in nu odd state-you ought to have advice," " Oh, uncle, pity mo ! Oh, uncle, you are good you're kind ; you're kind when you think. Yo could not--you could not-could not. Oh, thin! of your brdthez that waa-always so good to yoi Ile'sees me here. He sees me here. Ile see3 u both. Oh, save me, undo-save me-and I'll giv up everything to you, I'll pray to God to bins you-I'll never forget your goodness and mercy But don't keep me in. doubt. If I'm to go, oh, fo God's' sake, shoot me now !" j " You were always odd, meca ; I begin to fea ! you ¡ire insane," he replied, iii the same stern, ic} i tone. A " Oh, uncle-oil !-am 1 ? Am I. mad ?" I "1 hope not; but you'll conduct yourself like i sane person if you wish lo enjoy the privileges o OUH." Then, with his finger pointinc at mo, lie turned to Madame, and said, in a tone of suppreasec ferocity " What's the moaning of this?-why is sh< here ?" Madame was gabling volubly, but to me it wai only a shrilly noise. My whole soul waa concen^ tratad in my uuclo, the arbiter of my life before whom I stood in the wildest agony of supplica tion. That night was dreadful. The'people I saw dizzily, made of smoke or shining vapour, smiling or frowning, I could have paseed'my hand throng! them. They were evil spirits. " There's no ill intended you ; by --there's none ;' said my uncle, for the first time violently agitated " Madame told you why we've changed your room You told her about the bailiffs, did not you?" witt u stamp of fury he demanded of Madame, whosi nasal roullades of talk were running on like ai accompaniment all the time. She had told'm< indeed, only a few hours since, and now it sounder to me like the echo of something heard a monti: ago or more. "You can't go about tho house, d-n it, witt bailiffs in occupation. There now. There's th« whole thing. Get to your room, Maud, and don'l vox me. There's a good giri." He was trying to smile as spoke these lasl words, and, with quavering ¡=oft tones, to quiel me; but thé old scowl was there, the smile was corpseliko and contorted, and the softness of hi¡ tones was jaioro dreadful than another man's ferocity. " Them. Madame, she'll go quite gently, but yoi can call if you want help. Don't lot it happez; again." " Come, Maud," said Madame, encircling, bul not hurting my arm with her gripe, " let us go, ni j friend." I did go, you will wonder, as well you may-as you may wonder at the docility with which strong men walk through the press-room to tho drop, and thank'tlie people of the prison for their civility when they bid them good-bye, and facilitate the fixing of the rope and adjusting of the cap. Have you never wondered that they don't make a last battle for life, with the unscrupulous energy of terror, instead of surrendering it so gently in cold blood, on a silent calculation, the arithmetic of def pair ? I went up stairs with Madame like a somnam t bulist. I rather quickened my step as I drew near my room. I went in and stood, a phantom at the window, looking into the dark quadrangle. A thin glimmering crescent hung in the frosty sky and all heaven was stern with stars. Over the steep roof at the other side spread on the dark azure of t'ie night this glorious blazonury of the unfathomable Creator. To me a dreadful"scroll inexorable eyes. The cloud of cruel witnesses looking down in freezing brightness on my pray ers and agonies. I turned about and sat down, leauing my head upon my arms. Then, suddenly, I sat up, as for the first time the picture of Uncle Silas's littered room, and the travelling bags and black boxes piled on the floor by his table ; the desk, hat-case, umbrella, coats, rugs, and mufflers, all ready for a journey, reached my brain and suggested thought. The mise en scene had remained in every detail fixed upon my retina; and how I wondered " When is he going-how soon ? Is he going to carry me away and place me in a mad-house ?" "Am I-am I mad?" I begin to think. "Is this all a dream, or is it real ?" I remembered how a thin, polite gentleman, with a tall grizzled head and a black velvet waist coat, came into tho carriage on our journey, and said a few words tome; how Madame whispered him something, and ho murmured "Oh!" very gently, with raised eyebrows, and a glauco at mo, ¡ind thenceforward spoka no more to me, only to Madame, nud at the next station carried his hat and other travelling chattels into another carriage. Had she told him 1 was mad ? These horrid bars! Madame, always with me! The direful hints that dropt from my'uncle ! My own terrific sensations ! All these evidences re volved in my brain, and presented themselves in turn like writings on a wheel of lire. There came a knock to the door Oh, Meg! Was it she? No ; old Wyatt whispered Madame something about her room. So Madame re-entered with a little silver tray and flagon in her hands, and a glass. Nothing came from Uncle Silas in ungonclemanlike fashion. " Drink, Maud," said Madame, raising the cover, and evidently enjoying the fragrant "steam. I could not, 1 might have done so had I been able to swallow anything-for I was too dis tracted to think of Meg's warning. Madame suddenly recollected her mistake of that evening, und tried the door ; but it was duly locked. She took the key from her pocket and placed it in her breast. " You weel 'av these rooms to yourself, ma i chere. I shall sleep down stairs to-night." ! She poured out some of the hot claret into the glass abstractedly, and drank it oft. I '"Tis very good-I drank without theenk. ! Boto 'tis very good. Why don't a you drink some ?" " I could not," I repeated. And Madame boldly helped herself. " Vary polite, certaily, to Madame was it to send nothing at all for hair"'("so she pronounced " her'',); " bole is all sumo thing." And so she ran on in her tipsy vein, which was loud and sarcastic,, with a fierce laugh now and then. Afterwards I heard that they were afraid o Madame, who was given to cross purposes, am violent in her caps. She had been noisy am quarrelsome down stairs. She was under Un uehisiou that I was to ho convoyed away tim night to a remote and safe placa, and she was U he handsomely compensated for services and evi dence to bo afterwards given. She w,i.s not to bi trusted, however, with tho truth. That was tu b< known but to three persons on earth. I never knew, but I believe that the spicet claret which Madame drank waa drugged. Slit was a person who could, I have been told, drink :i great deal without exhibiting ii.ny change from i but an inllamtKl colour and furious temper, i cat! only state for certain what I saw, ami that was that shortly after she had finished the claret, slit lay down upon my bed, ¡iud, I now know, iel asleep. I then thought she -was feii/ninr/ sleep oui j and that she was really watching me. About au hour after this I suddenly hoard a Htth clink in the yard beneath. I peeped out, but saw nothing. The sound' was repeated, however sometimes more frequently, sometimes at loiif intervals. At last, in the deep shadow next tilt: further wall, I thought 1 could discover a ligure sometimes erect, sometimes stooping and bowine toward the earth. I could see tnis figure only ir; the rudest outline mingling with the dark. Like a thunder it smote my brain, *' They are making ray grave." After the first dreadful stun, I grew quite wild, and ran up and down the room wringing my hands and gasping prayers to heaven. Then a calm stole over me- such a dreadful calm as I could fancy glide over one who floated in a boat nuder thc shadow of the "Traitors'Gate," leaving life, and hope, and trouble behink. Shortly after there came a very low tap at my door ; then another, like a tiny post-kuock. J could never understand why it was I made nc answer. Had I done so, and thus shown that 3 was awake, it might have sealed my fate, I was standing in the middle of the floor staring at the door, which I expected to see open and admit J knew not what troop of spectres. CHAPTKR LXX.-Tun Houit OP DEATH. It was a very still night and frosty. My candle had long burnt out. There was still a faint moon light, which fell in a square of yellow on the floor near the window, leaving the rest of the room in what, to an eye less accustomed than mino had become to that faint light, would, have been total darkness. Now, J am sure, 1 heard a soft whisper ing outside my door. I knew that I was tn a state of siege ! Tho crisis was come, and, strange to say I felt myself grow all at once resolute and self possessed. It-was not ti subsidence, however, of the dreadful excitement, but a sudden screwing up of my nerves to a pitch such as I cannot des cribe. I suppose the people outside moved with great caution; and the perfect solidity of the floor, which had not anywhere a creaking hoard iu it, favoured their noiseless movements. It was well for me that there were in the house three persons whom it was part of their plan to mystify respect ing my fate. This alone compelled the extreme caution of their proceedings. They suspected that I had placed furnituro against the door, and were afraid to force it, lest a crash, a scream, perhaps a long and shrilly' struggle, might follow. I remained for a ¿pace which I cannot pretend to estimate in the same posture, afraid to stir afraid to move my eye from the door. A very peculiar grating sound above my head startled me from my watch- something of the character of sawing," only more crunching, and with a faint, continued rumble in it-utterly in explicable. It sounded over that portion of the roof which was furthest from the d^or, toward which I now glided ; and as I took my stand under cover of the projecting angle of a clumsy old press that stoocl close by it, I perceived the room a little darkened, and I saw a man descend and take his stand upon the window-stone. Ile let go a rope, which, however, was still fast round his body, and employed both his hands, with ap parently some exertion, about something at the side of +he window, which in a moment more, in one mass, bars and all, swung noiselessly open, admitting the frosty night air, and the man, whom I now distinctly saw to be Dudley Kuthyn, kneeled on the sill, and stept, after a moment's listening, into the room. His foot uiade no sound upon the floor ; his head was bare, and he wore his usual short shooting jacket. Ï cowered to the ground in my post of observa tion. Ho stood, as it seemed tome, irresolutely I for a moment, and then drew from his pocket ait ¡ instrument which I distinctly saw against the faint moonlight. Imagine a hammer, otu? end of which had been beaten out into a lougish tapering spike, with a handle something longer than usual. He drew stealthily to the window, and seeruml to examine this hurriedly, and tested its strength with a twist or two of his hand. And then ho ad justed it very carefully in his grasp, and made two or three little experimental picks with it in tho air. I remained perfectly still, with a terrible com posure, crouched in my hiding- place, my teeth clenched, and prepared to struggle like a tigress for my life when discovered. 1 thought his next measure would be to light a match. I saw a lan tern, I fancied, on the window-aiil. But this was not his plan. Ho stole, ina groping way, which seemed strange to me, who could distinguish objects in thin light, to the side of my bod, the exact position ot which he evidently 'knevr; lie stooped over it. Madame was breathing in the deep respiration of he-ivy sleep. Suddenly, but softly, he laid, as it seemed to me, his left hand over her face, and nearly at the same institut there eatne a scrunching blow ; an unnatural shriek' : beginning small and swelling for two or three ' seconds into a yali such asare imngiued in haunted houses, accompanied by a convulsive sound, us of the motion of'running, and the arms drumming on the bed ; and then another blow-and with a hor rid gasp he recoiled a step or two, and stood per ! featly still. I heard a horrible tremor quivering through the joint-i and curtains of the bedstead the convulsion of tho murdered woman. It was a dreadful sound, Uko the shaking of a tree nnd rustling of leaves. Then once more he stept on tho side of the bed, and I henrd another of those hor I rid blows-and silence -and another-¡md more silence-and the diabolical surgery was ended. For a fow seconds, I think, I was on the point of ' ' fainting; but a gentle stir outside the door, closo - to ray oar, startled me, and proved that there had been a, watcher posted outside. There was a little tapping at the door.' " Who's that ?" whispered Dudley, hoarsely. " A friend." answered a swept voico. And a kuy wai Hitroducad, the door quickly un locked, and Uncle Silas entered. T saw that'frail, lilli, white'figure, those venerable silver locks thnfc resembled those upon tho 'honoured hoad of John Wesley, and his thin white hand, the hack of which'hung so close to my fae« that I feared to breathe. 1 could sen his' fingers twitching ner vously. The smell of perfumes and cf ether en ? terod'tlie room with him. Dudley was trembling now like a man in au ague-fit. " Look what you made me do !" lie said, mania cally. "Steady, sir!" said tho old man, close beside me. " Yes, you damned old murderer ; I've a mind to do for you." "There, Dudley, like a dear boy, don't give way ; it's clone. '.Right or wrong we can't help it. You must be quiet," said tho oldman, with a stem gentleness. ; Dudley groaned. " Whoever advised it, you're a gainer, Dudley," said Uncle Silas. Til en there was a pause, j " I hope that was not heard," said Uncle Silas. Dudley walked to the window and stood there. ! "Comb, Dudley, you and Hawkes must use ex j podition. You know you must get that out of the ! way." I " I've clone too much. I won't do nout I'll not touch it. I wish my baud was off first. I wish I j was a soger. Do as ye like, youan' lTa.wkes. I ; won't go nigh it; damn yo both--and that;" and \ lie hurled tho hammer with all his force upon tho J iloor., ! ' "Come, come, be reasonable, Dudley, dear boy. j There's nothing to fear but your own folly. You won't make a noise ?" " Ob, oh, my God !" said Dudley, hoarsely, and ! he wiped his forehead with his open hand, j , "There now, you'll be all well in a minute," con ] tinned the old man. j "You said'twouldn't burt her. If I'd a known she'd a screeched liko that I'd never a done it. Twas a damn lie. You're the damndest villain on j earUi." ? " Come, Dudley !" said tho old man under his breath, mit v»»ry sternly, "make up your mind. Il: yon don't choose to go on, it can't be helped ! only it's a pity you began. For you it is a good deal it does liot much matter for me." " Ay, for you !" echoed Dudley, through Iiis set teeth. "The old talk !" * 1 " Well, sir, snarled the oldman, m the same low tones, '. you should havo thought of all this before, lt's only taking leave of the world a year or two sooner ; but a year or two's something. I'll leave you to clo as you p'.ease." Stop, will you ? Stop here. I know it's a fixfe thing now. If a fella does a thing he's damned for, you might let him talk a bit anyhow. I don't care much if I was shot." " There now-there-just stick to that, and don't run off again. There's a box and a bag here, we must change the direction, and take them away. The box has some jewels. Can you see them? I wish we had a light." " Oh, I'd rayther not ; I cm see well enough. I wish we wera out o' this. Here's the box." "Pull it to the window," said the old man, to my inexpressible relief advancing at last a few steps. Coolness was given me in that dreadful moment? and I knew that all depended on my beinaprompt and resolute. I stood up swiftly. I often thought if I had happened to wear silk instead of the each mere I had on that night, its rustle would have betrayed me. I distinctly saw the tall stooping figure of my uncle, and the outline of his venerable tresses, as he stood between me and the dull light of the' window, like a shape cut out in card. He was saying " j list to there," and pointing with his long arm at that contracting patch of moon light which lay squared upon the Moor. The door [ was about a qunrteropen, and just as Dudley began' i to drag Madame's heavy box, with my jewel case ¡in it, across the floor from her room, inhaling a : great bivath-with a mental prayer for help-I glided on tiptoe from the room, and found myself I on the gallery floor. I I' turned to my right, simply by chance, and j followed a long gill lory in the dark, not running I was too fearful of making the least noise-but walking with the tiptoe- swiftness of terror. At the termination of this was a cross gallery, ono end of which, that to my left, terminated in a great window, through which tho dusky night-view waa1 visible. With* thu instinct of tenor I chose tho darker, and turned again to my right: hurrying: through this long and nearly dark passage I was. terrified by a light about thirty feet before me,, emerging from the ceiling. Iii spotted patchs this light fell through tho door and sides of a stable lantern, and showed me a ladder, clo wm which, from au open skylight, I suppose, for the cool night-air floated iii my face, carno Dickon Hawkes, notwithstanding bis maimed condition, with so much celerity as to leave me hardly a moment for consideration. He sat on thu last round of tba ladder, and tightened the straps of his wooden leg. At my left wan a door-case open, but no door. I entered ; it was a short passage about six feet long, leading perhaps to a back-stair, but the door at.tho end was locked. I was forced to stand in this recess, then, which afforded no shelter, while Pegtop stumped by with bin lantern in his hand. I fancy ho bud some idea of listening to his master unperceived, for ho stop' peel closo to my hiding- place, blew out the candb and pinched tho long snuirNwith his horny linga' and thumb. Having listened for a few seconds, he s tum pd stealthily along tho gallery which 1 had jist traversed, and turnad the corner in the directon of tho chamber whuro the crime bad just been miu mitted, and tho discovery was impending. I c, see him against the broad window which ii the day-time lighted this long passage, and th O' moment he had passed the corner I resumed m "Y'descended a stair corresponding with tlifi back stair, as f am told, up which Madame ha led me oniy the night before. I tried the cutt door. To my wild surprise it was open. In moment I was upon the step, in the free air, an ns instantaneously was seized by the arm in th gripe of a man. lt was Tom Brice, who had already betrayed m< nud who was now in surtout and hat, waiting 1. drive the carriage with the guilty father and so from the scene of their abhorred outrage. CHAPTKB, LXX I.-IN THU OAK PARLOUR. So it wtts rain-I was trapped, and all wa ov^r. I stood bufere him on the step, the white niooi shining on my face. I was trembling so that wonder I could stand, my helpless hands raisei towards him, and I looking up in his face. A long shuddering moan-" Oh-oh-oh !" was all . uttered. She man, still holding my arm, looked, . thought, frightened, into my white, dumb face. Suddenly he said, in a wild, fierce whisper "Never say another word." (I had not utterec ono). "They shan't hurt ye, miss; git ye in, ; don't care a damn ;" It was an uncouth speech. To me it was tin voice of an angel. AVith a burst of gratitude tha pounded in my own ears like a laugh, I thankee God for those blessed words. In a moment more he had placed me in tin carriage, and almost instantly we were in motior -very cautiously while crossing the court, unti he had got the wheels upon the grass, and then al a rapid pace, improving his speed as the distance increased. TTe drove along the side of the back approach to the house, keeping on the grass ; so that our progress, though swaying like that of ti ship in a swell, was very nearly as noiseless. The gate had been left unlocked-he swung ii open and remounted the box. And we were now beyond the spell of Bartraui-Haugh, thundering llèaven be praised ¡-along the Queen's highway, right in the route to Elverston. It was literally a gallop. Through the chariot windows I saw Tom stand as he drove, and every now and then throw an awful glance over his shoulder. "Were we pur sued? Never was agony of prayer like mine, as with clasped hands and wild stare Igazed through the windows on the road, whose trees, and hedges, ntid gabled cottages, were chasing one another backward at so giddy a speed. We were now ascending that identical steep with the giant nsh-trees at the right and the stile between, which my vision of Meg Hawkes had pre sented all that night, when my excited eye detected a running figure within the hedge. I saw the head of some one crossing the stile in pursuit, and heard Brice's name shrieked. "Drive on-on -on screamed. But Brice pulled up. I was on my knees on the floor of the carriage, with clasped hands, expecting, capture, when the door opened, and Meg Hawkes, pale ns death, her cloak drawn over her black tresses, looked in. " Oh .'-ho !-ho ;-thank God !" she screamed " Shake hands, lass. Tom, yer a good un ! He's a good lad, Tom." " Come in, Meg-you must sit by me," I said, recovering all at once. Meg made no demur. Take my hand, I said offering mine to her disengaged one. " I can't, Miss-my arm's broke. ' And so it was, poor thing ! She had been espied and overtaken in her errand of mercy for me, and her ruffian father had felled her with his cudgel, and then locked her into the cottage, whence, however, she had contrived to escape, and was now flying to Elverston, having tried in vain to get a hearing, in Peltram, whose people had been for hours in bed. Tho door being shut upon Meg, the steaming horses were instantly at a gallop again. Tom was still watching as before, with many an anxious glance to rearward, for pursuit. Again he pulled up, and came to the window. " Uh, what is it ?" cried I. " Bout that letter, Miss ; I couldn't help. 'Twas Dickon, he found it in my pocket'. That's a'." "Oh, yes!-no matter-thank you-thank Heaven ! Are we near Elverston ?" "'Twill be a mile, Miss: and pleas'm to mind I had no finger i n't." "Thanks-thank you-you're very good-I shall always thank you, Tom, as lr mg as I live !" At length we entered Elverston. I think I was half wild. I don't know how I got into the hall. I was in the oak-parlour, I believe, when I saw Cousin Monica, t was standing, my arma extended I coula not speak; but Iran with aloud, long scream into her arm P. I forget a great deal after that. 