CONTEMPORARY HISTORY. No. YII. communicated. " Le Roi est ; mort Vive LeRoi." Berry is dead, and McCulloch lives ! The Governor's has indeed been a short reign. He evoked the vox popali, and public opinion is once more awake. Now the rest of the Acts of Berry are they not written in the Victorian Hansard ! We write not in jest, for what could he do under the circumstances, but give up the ghost — die decently, as Mr Service put it, by wajT of friendiy suggestion ? Alas ! Poor Berry. " I knew him well, Horatio. The applause of the people will console him somewhat in the midst of this misfortune. It was a bold move his assuming the Government, under such circumstances, ! but, after all, it was probably a wise one. Tbe battle ground is much clearer than even before ; the wasted batteries have been disclosed ; we are able to survey the scattered hosts, and, although from opposite sides, the coufiict will have speedily to be renewed, it is not at all certain that victory will long hang on the M'Culloch stan dard. For without finding fault with the Acting- Governor, a dissolution of the House is undoubtedly a sine qua non. Can any man bring a clean thing out of an unclean ? No, not one. Grapes from thorns or figs from thistles, sooner than wise or beneficent legislation from a Parliament so totally demoralised. We have no censure to waste upon it — hence ? It comes more clearly within our chosen province to examine somewhat carefully the Constitutional question in volved in the refusal of Sir Wm. Stawell to grant a dissolution. In the opinion of Berry's supporters to have refused, was to trample upon the rights of the Sovereign people. In the opinion of Mr M'Culloch's friends to have granted it would have been the surrender of the prerogatives of the Crown. History does indeed repeat itself. And how carefully should each event be weighed in the balances of our judgments. To thoughtful men they presage, sorely, though it may be feebly, the shibboleth of another phase in our political develop ment. Laugh not ye stern censors, so blinded by conceit, and so filled with in tolerance. Revolutions, it has been said, devour their own offspring ; certainly they make light of their censors. That the apex has yet been placed upon our political superstructure no one believes. From age to age the boundaries will be altered, new lines of circumvallation thrown round the citadel of prerogative, in man's eternal yearnings for the right. We do well to read carefully the signs of the times. And better they had ne'er been born - Who read to mock, or read to scorn. Now we think the friends of Mr Berry are somewhat anticipating when they maintain, with so much authority and with such intolerance of all contradiction, that they had a right to a dissolution. The other side err in precisely an oppo site direction, for we have long ago reached the cleared ground, well defined and carefully mapped, in which the pre rogatives of the Crown can never trench upon the rights of the people. The true constitutional position is at neither ex treme of these two poles of our political axis. The question was one clearly within the discretion of the Governor, and as his minute indicates, one upon which a wise balancing of arguments on either side was required. He came to the conclusion, rightly or wrongly, that the preponderance of argument was against a dissolution, and there should have been an end of the matter. That Sir W. Stawell permitted either prejudice or favoritism to influence him is a most unwarrantable suspicion ; to assert it broadly is most false and disreputable. That he brought a clear head, a highly trained and culti vated judicial mind — and let us add, too, a conscientious and lofty nature — to the solution of the problem, we are very certain, and we condemn and deplore such unpardonable and unconstitutional aspersions upon his honor. We marvel that such attacks should be led by a politician so little guilty of imputing un worthy motives, and usually so scrupu lously careful, in any matter affecting the honor of another. Geo. Higinbotham is a man, nevertheless, of whom the colony may Well be proud. He is in his best form when his rage takes the direc tion of Downing-slreet, or the clerk Rogers, or the wealthy lower orders ! It , is then he surges and foams like the j stormy ocean against the rocks. The I spectacle, in spite of the spice of fana- | ticism which pervades it, is a noble one i The little great man becomes trans formed; he weilds the terrible thunders | of Law ; he expands into the giant, I scattering dismay among the pigmies — a Brobdigangiun laying waste a whole army of Lilliputians. Who does not contem-. plate hoiiest G orge perched on the back seat of the Legislative Assembly, his placid face, his mild and unassuming manners, his hat usually upon his head, and hiding his splendid forehead. He looks " as mild as any sucking dove." An honest man, close buttoned to tbe chin, Broadcloth without and a warm heart within. A few sentences, and the great soul within is aroused ; the illusion is dis pelled ; we realise that a man of might is speaking — , The voice to ronse ; the eye'to penetrate-; the' gestui<Ttd 'command'- ' and we must endeavor to excuse, if we cannot account for such a hasty and un worthy attack npon the officer adminis trating the Government. It would appear, however, as if Sir William will rival Warwick, the king maker. Three Ministries : in as many months ! What an expensive toy is parliamentary imitations 1 What do the people get for it ? In all these years what can they point to ? How much in the way of wise benificent and pa triotic legislation ? Have they raised the revenue fairly or expended it wisely ? The former is wrung from the people, and property has all this time, been ex empt. The money so exclusively raised from the people has been expended, for the most part, for the benefit of the propertied classes. Roads and bridges enhance the properties of the wealthy, and jet these latter contribute nothing to the revenue as possessors of property. Our land legislation — what a failure that has ever been ? Either we give tbe lands away or they are taken possession of by frauds and evasions. ; No one will main tain that the Crown has got a fair value for the lands ; and the proceeds we expend in still further increasing their value. Nay more, we borrow millions of money to construct railways and other public works, which do not pay half the interest upon the money, but which add enormously to the value of the properties thus accumulating in a few hands. And how is this interest paid ? By a tax upon the property so enhauced in value ? No, no. But by taxing the people 1 It is the latter who pay the losses sustained by such operations ; no solitary farthing of the amount being contributed by pro perty, which, if justice inspired our rulers, would be forced to pay the whole. And what is the result of such legisla tion ? Is it not a wicked, and abominable monopoly of the public estate ? At Mansfield, for instance — two represen- sentatives of the people — one a member of the Upper House for the North- Eastern Province, and the other a premier in j>ssse, divide the most of the best lands between them. On one of those vast estates one-man is employed, on the other some half-dozen 1 From this district it is asserted that half the farming population has left, and more are leaving. Ancl why ? Simply be cause their present holdings are small, and they cannot enlarge them without breaking up their homes and migrating to other regions which the monopolists have not swallowed up. Is it not as tounding that an inland town should be permitted to languish, and. its surround ing population scattered ; that two men should be able, like avenging angels, thus to pronounce its doom Is it thus the pro gress of' the nation is to be arrested ? One of these estates exceeds, we are in formed 20,000 acres of the finest land in the district ! Is it not monstrous ? Is this the use for which God Almighty intended such a princely gift to his creatures ? On even the narrower ethics of political economy we ask is this bene ficial possession ? Surely No. And by what right, human or divine, can such a monopoly be perpetuated ? Not of human right, for the earth is the gift of God to mankind, and we maintain that no legislation has the power to transfer its exclusive treatment to any individual. The State is bound to enforce such beneficial occupancy as will best sub sidise the welfare of the community. Not by any divine right, for no authority exists for treating land as a chattel. In common with our liberty — the right of every man to his freedom: — every man, we hold, born into the world has a right to his proportion of the earth's surface — land, no more than the man, can be enslaved without a violation of the fit ness of things, and what we maintain to be a divine law. It is not so long ago that right reverends and wrong reverends of all denominations proclaimed that slavery was a divine institution. That falsehood has exploded, and the doctrine of private property in the lands of a country is like unto it. The time is coming when the slavery of the lands of any country will be regarded as a crime of the same magnitude as the slavery of individuals. The two ques tions are indissolubly corelated, and this sublime truth is beginning to dawn npon the nations. For does it not follow that if a hundred or a thousand men can own the whole country, that so, too, one may own it. And. if any number of individuals can do as they please with the land, why may not one man do as he pleases ? He may prefer if he became possessed of the whole of this country, for instance, that a hundred men and a myraid of sheep may become its exclu sive occupants. This is just putting in an exaggerated form what is going on at Mausfield and all over the country. It is time, surely, the legislature solved this problem, and the large estate, not only taxed but " burst up," thrown open upon terms fair and honorable to the present owners, and beneficial likewise to the State. Land is unlike all other pro perty ; no man's labor creates it. It is tbe gift of God. No man can exist v. ffliout'it. If monopoly increases for a few ages the inhabitants must perish. The ancient Feudal tenure in Britain recognised such fundamental principles. The occupants of the soil were " land- | holders" only — never " land owners." The sale of the lands of England was gradually accomplished by a succession , of frauds. No proper title exists to this , hour. The land originally maintained j the State, but by degrees the holders became owners, and. finally they began to evade the State taxation, and presented the king with a tax — Beer ! This whole question of land tenure is so impor tant, that we shall probably return to it. It is the olive branch of peace and good will elevated among the nations. How many of our problems a return to wise and patriotic measures will solve ? But ere it be accomplished, what a baptism ? The/ tide is rolling on, and no longer young; we yet hope to live to see the day when the sublime truth "the land is the peoples" shall become an apo theosis. . 4\. .AMd.moEi to. man; the world'o'er," r :l' \- Shall brothers be and a' that. - 