A VINDICATION OF THE DOCTRINE OF JUSTIFICATION BY FAITH. A SERMON. BY C.H. SPURGEON. "They that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lusts"— Galatians v. 24. FROM several quarters we have heard lately intensely earnest objections to the matter and tenor of the preaching of the evangelists from America, who have been working among us. Of course, their teaching as well as our own is open to honest judgment, and they, we feel sure, would rather court than shun investigation of the most searching sort Criticisms upon their style of speaking and singing, and so on, are so unimportant, that nobody has any need to answer them, " Wisdom is justified of her children." It is a waste of time to discuss mere matters of taste, for no men, however excellent, can please all, or even become equally adapted to all consti tutions and conditions; therefore we may lot such remarks pass without further observation. But upon the matter of doctrine very muoh has been said, and said also with a good deal of temper not always of the best What has been affirmed by a certain doss of publio writers comes to this, if you boil it down—that it cannot really do any good to tell men that simply by believing in Jesus Christ they will be saved, and that it may do people very serious injury if we lead them to imagine that they have undergone a process called conversion, and are how safe for life. We are told by these gentle men (who ought to know, for they speak very positively), that the dootrine of immediate salvation through faith in Christ Jesus is a very dangerous one, that it will certainly lead to the deterioration of the publio morality, since men will not be likely to set store by the practical virtues when faith Is lifted up to so very lofty a position. If it wen so It were a grievous fault, and woe to those who led men into it That is not the fact we are sore; but meanwhile let us survey the field of battle. Will you please to notice that this is no quarrel between these gentlemen and our friends Messrs. Moody and Sankey alone. It is a quarrel between these objectors and the whole of us who preach the gospel; for, differing as we do in the style of preaching it, we are all ready to set our seal to the dearest possible statement that men are saved by faith in Jesus Christ, and saved the moment they believe. We all hold Mid teach that there is suoh a thins as conversion, and that when men are converted they become other men than they were before, and a new life begins whioh will culminate in eternal glory. We are not so dastardly as to allow our friends to stand alone in the front of the battle, to be looked upon as peonllar persons, holding strange notions from whioh the rest of us dissent So far as salvation through faith in the atoning blood is concerned, they preach nothing but what we nave preached all our lives; they paeaoh nothing but what has the general consent of Protestant Christendom. Let that bo known to all, and let tho archers shoot at us all alike. Then, further, if this be the point of objection, we should like those who raise it to know that they do not raise it against us merely, and these friends who are more prominent, but against the Protestant faith whioh these very same gentlemen most probably profess to glory in. The Protestant faith in a nutshell lies in this very same Justification by faith which they boot at It wm the disoovery that men are saved by faith in Jesus Christ which first stirred up Luther. That was the ray of light which fell upon his dark heart, and by the power of which he came into the liberty of the gospel. This is the very "Sword of the Lord and of Gideon." Jems is the all-sufficient Savionr, and " He that believeth in Him is not condemned." Luther used, in fact, to My—and we endorse it—that this matter of justification by faith is the article by whioh a church must stand or fall That so-called church which does not hold this dootrine is not a church of Christ, and it Is a church of Christ that does hold it, notwithstanding many mistakes into whioh it may have fallen. The contest lies really between the doctrine of merit and the doctrine of grace. We shall go somewhat further than this. The objection is not against Messrs. Moody and Sankey, but against all evangelical ministers; not against them only, but against our common Protestantism ; and yet more, it Is against the inspired word of God ; for if this book teaches any thing under heaven, it certainly teaches that men are saved by faith in our Lord Jesus. Read the Epistle to the Galatians, and your judgment may be very perverse, bat you cannot, by any common wresting of words, expel that dootrine from the Epistle. It was written on purpose to state that truth plainly, and defend it fully. Neither can you get rid of that doctrine from the whole New Testament You shall find it not merely seasoning all the epistles, but positively saturating them, till, as you take chapter by chapter, yon may wring out of them, as ont of Gideon's fleece, this one truth, that justification before God is by faith, and not by the works of the law. So that the objection Is against the Bible; and let those who shoot their arrows understand that they fight against the Eternal Spirit of God and the witness which He has borne by His prophets and apostles. Deny inspiration, and yon have ground to stand on; but while you believe the Bible you mnst believe in justification by faith. Bat now let us look this matter in the face. Is it true or not that persons who believe in Jesus Christ do become worse than they were before? We are not backward to answer the enquiry, and we stand in a point of observation whioh supplies us with abundant data to Jo npon. We solemnly affirm that men who believe in esus become purer, holier, and better. At the same time I confess that there has been a good deal of inju dicious and misleading talk at times by uninstmcted advocates of free grace. I fear, moreover, that many people think that they believe in Jesus Christ, but do nothing of the sort We do not defend rash statements or deny the existence of weak-minded followers; but we ask to be heard and considered. Some persons say, " You tell these poople tliat they will bo saved uryn their believing in Christ" Exactly so. " But will you kindly tell me what you mean by being saved, sir?" I will, with great pleasure. We do not mean that these people will Co to heaven when they die, irrespective of oharaoter: ut, when we say that if they believe in Jesus they will be tared, we mean that they will be saved from living as they used to live—saved from being what they now are, saved from licentiousness, dishonesty, drunkenness, selfishness, and any other sin they may have lived in. The thing can rradily be put to the test; if it can be shown that those who have believed in the Lord Jesus have been saved from living in sin, no rational man onght to entertain any objection to the preaching of such a salvation. Balvation from wrongdoing is the very thing which every moralist should commend and nut erasure, and that is the salvation which we preach. I am afraid that some imagine that they have only to believe something or other, and they will go to heaven when they die, and that they have only to feel a certain singular emotion, and it is all right with them. Now, if any of you have fallen into that error, may God in His mercy lead you out of it, for it is not every faith that saves, but only the faith of God's elect It is not any sort of emotion that changes the heart, but the work of the Holy Ghost. It is a small matter to go into an enquiry-room and say, " I believe;" such an avowal on that proTes nothing at all, it may oven be false. It will be proved by this—if you have rightly believed in Jeans Christ you will become from that time forward a different man from what you were. There will be a change in your heart and soul, in your conduct and yonr cou verution; and, seeing yon thus changed, those who have been honest objectors will rijjht gjwedily leave off thoir objections, for they will be in the condition of those who ■aw the man that was healed standing with Peter and John; and therefore they could say nothing against them. The world demandn facto, and thene we miut ■apply. It is of no use to cry up onr medicine by words; we must point to cures. Your change of life will be the grandest argument for the gospel, if that life shall show the meaning of my text—" They that are Christ's have crucified the flesh with the affections and lust*." Let us discrus this text in »n apologetic manner, hoping to overcome prejudice, if God permit Notice, flnt of all, that the reception of Jesus Christ by faith is, in itself, an avowal tliat we have crncifted the flesh with the affections and lasts. If faith be such an avowal, why say that it Is not connected with holy Ovtafrr 1 Let we show that this is the case. Faith it the accepting of Jesus Christ In what respects! Well, principally as a substitute. He is the Son of God, and I am a guilty sinner. I deserve to die: the Son of God stands in my stead and Buffers for me, and when I believe in Him I accept Him as standing for me. To believe in Jesus was very beautifully set forth in the old ceremouy of the law, when the person bringing a sacrifice laid his hands upon the head of the bullock or the lamb, and thereby accepted tho victim as standing in his place, so that the victim's Bufferings should be instead of his Bufferings. Now, our faith acoepU Jesus Christ as standing in our stead. The very pith and marrow of faith's confidence lies in this— " He bore, that I might never bear, His Father's righteous ire." Christ for me, Christ in my room and stead. Now, try to catch the following thought:—When yon believe, you accept Christ as standing instead of yon, and profess that what He did He did for you ; but what did Christ do npon the tree! He was crucified and died. Follow the thought, and note well that by faith yon regard yourself as dead with Him—crucified with Him. You have not really grasped what faith means unless you have grasped this. With Him you suffered the wrath of God, for He suffered in your stead: you are now in Him—crucified with Him, dead with Him, buried with Him, risen with Him, and gone into the glory with Him— because He represents you, and your faith has accepted the representation. Do yon see, then, that you did, in the moment when you believed in Christ, register a declaration that you were henceforth dead unto sin. Who shall say that our gospel teaches men to live in sin, when the faith which is essential to salvation involves an avdwal of death to it? Tho convert begins with agreeing to be regarded as dead with Christ to sin: Have we not here the foundation stone of holiness? Observe also that, if he follows the command of Christ, the very first step which a Christian takes after he has accepted the jtosltion taken up by the Lord Jesus on his behalf is another avowal more publio than the first, namely, his baptism. By faith he has accepted Christ as dead, instead of him, and he regards himself as having dlod in Christ Now, every dead man man ought to be buried, sooner or later; and so, when we come forward and confess Christ, we are "buried with Him in baptism unto death, that like as Jesus Christ rose from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also might rise to newness of life." Though baptism does not avail anything as a oeremony, having no power or efficacy in and of itself, yet as a sign and symbol it teaches us that true believers are dead and buried with Christ. So, you see, the two ways in which, according to the gospel, we actually and avowedly give ourselves to Christ, ure by faith and baptism. "He that believeth, and is baptised, shall be saved." Now, the essence of faith in to accept Christ as representing me in His death; and the essence of baptism U to be buritxl with Christ because I am dead with Him. Thus at the very doorstep of the Christian religion, in its first inward aot and its first outward symbol, you get the thought that believers are henceforth to be separated from sin and purified in life. He who truly believes, and knows what It is to be really buried with Christ, has begun—nay, he has, in a certain sense, effected completely—what the text describes as the cruolflzion of the flesh with the affeotions and lust*.. For, dear friends, let it never be forgotteu that the grand objeot for which we lay hold on Christ is the death of sin. Who among us has believed in Christ that he might escape the pangs of hell? Oh, brother, you have but a very poor idea of what Jesus Christ has come into the world to do: He is proclaimed to be a Saviour who "shall save His people from their sins." This is the objeot of His misßtfn. True, He comes to give pardon, but He never gives pardon without giving repentance with it; He comes to justify, but He does not Justify without also sanctifying. He has oome to deliver us, not from thee, O death, alone I nor from thee, O hell, alone! but from thee, O sin, the mother of death, the progenitor of hell 1 Tho Redeemer lays his axe at the root of all the mischief, by killing sin, and thus, as far as we are concerned, He puts an end to death and helL Glory be to God for this 1 Now, it does seem to me that if the very commencement of the Christian faith be so manifestly connected with death to sin, they do us grievous injustice who suppose that in preaching faith in Jesus Christ we ignore the moralities or the virtues, or that we think little of sin and vice. We de not so, but we proclaim the only method by whioh moral evil can be put to death and swept away. The reception of Christ is an avowal of the crucifixion of the flesh with the affections and hurts; what more can the purest moralist propose ? What more could he avow himself ? 11\. But secondly, as a matter of fact, the reoeption of Christ is attended with the crucifixion of sin. I shall now state my own experience when I believed in Jesus; and while I am doing so I rejoice to remember that there are hundreds, if not thousands in this place who have experi enced the same, and millions in this world, and rallUoni more in heaven, who know the truth of what I declare. When I believed that Jesus was the Christ, and rested my soul In Him, I felt in ay heart from that moment an intense hatred to sin of every kind. I had loved sin before, some sins particularly, but those sins became from that moment the most obnoxious to me, and, though the propensity to them was still there, yet the love of them was clean gone ; and when I at any time transgressed I felt an inward grief and horror at myself for doing the things whioh aforetime I had allowed, and even enjoyed. My relish for sin was gone. The things I once loved I abhorred, and blushed to think of. Then I began to search out my sins. I see now a parallel between my experience in reference to sin, and the details of the crucifixion of Christ They sent Judas into the garden to search for our great Substitute, and just in that way I began to search for sin, even for that whioh lay concealed amid the thick darkness of my souL I was ignorant, and did not know sin to be sin, for it was night in my soul; but, being stirred up to destroy the evil, my repenting spirit borrowed lanterns, and torches, and went out as against a thief. I searched the garden of my heart through and through, with an intense ardor to And out every sin; and I brought God to help me, saying, " Search me, O God, and try me, and know my ways;" nor did I cease till I had spied ont my seoret transgressions. This inward search is one of ray most constant occupations; I patrol my nature through and through to try and arrest these felons, these abhorred sins, that they may be crucified with Christ Oye in whom iniquity lurks under cover of your spiritual igno rance, arouse yourself to a strict scrutiny of your nature, and no longer endure that your hearts should be the lurking-place* of evil. I remember when I found my sin. When I found it I seized it, and I dragged it off to the judgment-seat Ah, my brethren, youknow when that occurred to you, and how stern was the judgment which conscience gave forth. I sat in judgment on myself. I took my sin to one court, and to another. I looked at it as before men, and trembled to thinFthat the badness of my example might have ruined other men's souls : I looked at my sin as before God, and I abhorred myself in dnrt and ashes. My sin was as red aa crimson in His sight, and in mine aim. I judged my sin, and I con demned it—condemned it as a felon to a felon's death. I heard a voice within me which, Pilate-like, pleaded for it—" I will chastise him and let him go ; let it be a little put to shame ; let not the wrong deed be done quite so often ; let the lust be curbed and kept under." But, ah, my soul said, " Let it bo crucified I Let it be crucified I" and nothing could shake my heart from this intent, that I would slay all the murderers of Christ if possible, and let not one of them esoapo ; for my soul hated them with a deadly hatred, and would fain nail them all to the tree. 1 remember, too, how I began to see the shame of sin. As my Lord was spit upon, and mocked, and despitefully lined, so did my soul begin to pour contempt upon all the pride of sin, to scorn its promises of pleasure, and to accuse it of a thousand crimes. It had deceived me, it had led me into ruin, it hud well nigh destroyed me, and I despised it, and poured contempt upon its briberies, and all it offered of sweetness and of pleasure. O sin, how tfhamefiil a thing didst thon appear to be 1 I saw all tliat is btiM, mean, and contemptible concentrated in thee. My heart scourged sin by repentance, smote it with rebukes, and hiiffettxl it with delf-denial*. Then was it made a reproach nnd a scorn. But this sufficed not— sin must die. My heart mourned for what sin had done, and I was resolved to avenge my Lord's death upon myself. Thiw my soul saug out her resolve— "Oh. how I hate those lust* of mine That crucified my God; Those (inn that pierced and nail'd his flesh Fast to the fatal wood I "Yes, my Redeemer, they shall die: My heart has so decreed: Nor will I span the guilty things That made my Saviour Meed." Then I led forth my sin* to the place of crucifixion. They would fain have escaped, but the power of God prevented then, and Ilka a guard of soldiery conducted then to the gibbet of wtmtUoukm. The hand of the Lot* wm present, and HU all-revealing Spirit stripped my sin aa Chnrt was stripped: setting it before mine eyes, even my sooret sin in the light of His countenance. Oh, what a speotaole it was as I gazed upon it! I had looked before upon it« dainty apparel, and the colors with which it had bedueued itself, to make it look us fair as Jezebel when she painted her face ; but now I saw its nakedness and horror, and I was well nigh ready to despair but my spirit bore roe up, for I know tliat I was forgiven, and I said, "Christ Jesus has pardoned me, for I have believed iv Him ; and I will put the flesh to death, by crucifying it on His cross." The driving of the nails I do remember, and how the flesh struggled to maintain its liberty. One, two, three, four, the nails went in, and fastened the accursed thing to the wood with Christ, so that it could neither run nor rule ; and now, glory be to Qod, though my sin is not dead, it 1b crucified, and must eventually die. It hangs up there; I can ace it bleeding out its life. Sometimes it struggles to get down, and tries to wrench away the nails, for it would fain go after vanity; but the saorod nails hold it too fast, it is in the grasp of death, and it cannot escape. Alas, it dies a lingering death, attended with much pain and struggling; still it dies, and soon its heart shall be pierced through with tho spear of tho lovo of Christ, and it shall utterly expire. Then shall our immortal nature no more be burdened with the body of this death, but, pure and spotless, it shall rise to aud behold the fuoe of God for ever. Now, I am n«t talking allegorically of things which ought to be realised, but as a matter of fact remain mere ideas. I am describing in figure what happens in reality ; for every man who believes in Jesus immediately bestirs himself to get rid of siu; and you may know whether he has believed in Jesus Christ or not by seeing whether there is a change In his motives, feelings, life, and conduct. Do you say that you doubt this? You may doubt what you like, but facto speXk for themselves. There will come before me, I dare say, bofore this week is over, as there have almost every week of my life, men who have been slaves to intoxication made sober at once by believing iv Jesus Christ; women, once lost to virtue, who have become puro aud chaste by believinjr in Jesus; men who were fond of all manner of evil pleasures, who have turned instantly from them, and have contiuued to resist all temptation, because they are new creatures iv Christ Jesus. The phenomenon of conversion is singular, but the effect of conversion is more siugtilar still; aud It is not a thing done in a corner, it can be seen every day. If it were merely an excitement in which men felt a distress of mind, and then by-and-by thought they were at peace, and became happy because self-satisfied, I should not see any particular good in it; but if it be true that regeneration changes men's tastes and affection*, that it, in fine, changes thorn radically, making them altogether new oreatures; if it be so, I say, theu may Qod send us thousands of conventions t And that this is so Me are quite sure, for we see it perpetually. 111\. Thirdly, we go a step farther, and say that the reception of Jesus Christ into the heart by simple faith it calculated to crucify the flesh. When a niim believes in Jesus, the first point that holps him to crucify the flesh is that he has teen the evil of sin, inasmuch as he has seen Jesus, his Lord, die because of it Men think that sin is nothing; but what will sin dof What will it not do? The virus of sin, what will it poison.? Ay, what will it not poison? Its influence hits been baleful upon the largest conceivable scale. Sin has flooded the world with blood and tears through red-handed war; sin has covered the world with oppression, and so has crushed the manhood of many, and broken the hearts of myriads; sin begat slavery, and tyranny, and priestcraft, and rebellion, aud slander, and persecution; sin has been at the bottom of all human sorrows; but the crowning culminating point of sin's villainy was when Qod himself came down to earth in human form—pure, perfeot, intent on an errand of love— came to work miracles of meroy, and redemption. Then sinful man could never rest till he had crucified his incarnate God. They coined a word when the Parlia mentary party executed the king in England, and called the king's destroyers " regicides, and now we must make a word to describe sin: sin is a deicide. Every sinner, if he could, would kill Qod, for he says in his heart, " No God." He means he wishes there were none. He would be rejoiced indeed if he could learn for certain that there was no God. In fact, that is the bugbear of his life, that there is a God, and a just God, who will bring him into judgment HU seoret wish is that there were no religion and no God, for he might then live as he pleased. Now, when a man is made to see that sin in its essence is the murderer of Emmanuel, God with us, his heart being renewed, he hates sin from that very moment " No," he says, " I oannot continue in auoh eviL If that be the true meaning of every offence against the law of God—that it would put God himself out of His own world if it could—l cannot bear it" His spirit recoils with horror, as he feels— "My sins have pull'd tho Tengeanoe down Upon His guiltless head: Break, break, my heart, oh burst, mine eyes, And let my sorrows bleed. "Btrike, mighty grace, my flinty soul, Till melting waters flow, And deep repentance drown mine eyes In undissembled woe." Then the believer has also seen in the death of Christ an amazing instance of the great grace of God ; for if sin be an attempt to murder God—and it is all that—then how wonderful it is that the oreatures who committed this sin were not destroyed at once. How remarkable that God should consider it worth His while to devise a plan for their restoration; and yet He did, with match less skin, contrive a way which involved the giving up of His only-begotten and well-beloved Son. Though this was an expense unequalled, yet He did not withdraw from it He "so lovod the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him might not perish, but have everlasting life:" and this for a race of men who were the enemies of their good and gracious God. " Henceforth," says the believer in Christ, " I can have nothing to do with sin, since it does despite to so gracious a God. O, thou accursed sin, to drive thy dagger at the heart of Him who was all grace and mercy I This makes sin to be exceedingly sinful" Further, the believer has had a view of the justice of God. He sees that God hates sin intensely, for when His only-begotten Son took sin upon Himself, God would not spare even Him. That siu was not His own, in Him was no sin, but when He voluntarily took it upon Himself, and was made a curse for us, the Judge of all the earth did not spare Him. Down from His armoury of vengeance He took His thunderbolts and hurled them at His Son, for HU Son stood in the sinner's stead. There was no mercy for the sinner's Substitute. He had to cry as never one cried before or since, " My God, my God, why hast Thou forsaken me V Torrents of woe rushed through HU spirit; the condemnation of sin overwhelmed Him ; all Ged's waves and billows went o'er Him. Now, when a man sees this wonderful fact Jie can no longer think lightly of transgression. He trembles before the thrice holy Jehovah, and cries in his secret heart, "How can I sin, if this be God's opinion of it? If, in HU justice, He smote it so unsparingly, even when it was only laid by imputation upon HU Son, how will He ■mite it when its actual guilt lies on me ? O God, deliver me from it" The believer has also bad one more sight which, perhaps, more effectually than any other changes Us view of siu. He has seen the amazing love of Jesus. Did you ever see it, my hearer? If you have seen it you will never love sin again. 0 tliink, that He who was master of all heaven's majesty came down to be the victim of all man's misery I He came to Bethlehem, and dwelt among us, offering thirty years and more of toilsome obedience to HU Father's will; and at the close He reached the crisis of HU griefs, the crowning sorrow of HU incamatiou— His bloody sweat and death agony. That was a solemn pMsover which He ate with liis disciples, with Calvary full iv view. Then He arose and went to Gethsemane. " Gethsemane, the olive-press (Aud why so called let Christians guess), Fit name, fit place, where vengeance strove, And griped and grappled hard with love. " Twas there the Lord of life appeared, And si-'tiwl, and groaned, uu<t pray'd and feared; Bore all incarnate God cuuld bear, With strength enough, aud none to HjKire." Behold how He loved iv t He wan taken to Pilate's hall, and there was scourged—scourged with those awful Roman whips weighted with little hulleta of lead, and made of the intertwisted sinews of oxen, into which they also inserted small slivers of bone, so that every blow as it fell tore oft the flesh. Our beloved Lord had to suffer this again and again, being scourged often, as that verve seems to intimate which says, '' He was wounded for oar tranagrnrions, he waa bruised for onr iniquities : the chastisement of our peace was upon Him ; and with HU stripes we are healed." Vet He loved us, loved us still. Many waters could not quench HU love, neither cetald tip floods drown It When they nailed Him to the toe*, Be iored us MIL Wtan, mf taw Ma« dislocated, ho orlad In sail soliloquy, " I am poured ont like water, aU my bones aro ont of Joint," He loved us still When the dogs compassed Him, and the bulls of Bashaii beset Him round, He lovod us still. Whon tho dread faintness came upon Him till He was brought into the dust of death, and his heart molted like wax in tho midst of Hta bowels, lie lovod us still. Whon God forsook Him, and the tun was blotted out, and midnight darkness covered the midday, and a densar midnight veiled Hi* spirit—a darkness like that of Egypt, which might bo felt—He loved us still. Till He had drunk the lnst dregs of the unutterably bitter cup, He loved us still. And when the light shone on His face, and He could say, " It is finished," that light shone on a face that loved us still. Now, every man to whom it has been given to believo in Jesus, and to know His love, says, " How can I offend Him? How can I grieve Him? There aro actions in this life which I might otherwise indulge in, hut I dare not now, for I fear to vex my Lord." Aud if you Bay, "Dare not, are you afraid of Him?' the answer will be, " I am not slavishly afraid, for into hell I can never go." What am I afraid of then? [am afraid of that dear face, on which I see the guttering* of tears which He onoe shed for me. I am afraid of that dear brow whioh wore tho thorn-crown for me; I cannot rebel against such kind ness, Hia bleeding love enohains me. Xlow oan I do so great a wickedness as to put my dying Lord to shame? Do you not foel this, my beloved brother ? If you havo ever trusted the Lord Jesus, you crouch at HU feet, and kiss the prints of His nails, for very love ; and if He would use yon as a fooUtool, if it would raise Him any higher, yo»i would count it the highest honor of your life. Ay, if He bade you go to prison and to death for Him, and would say it Himself, and put His pieroed hand on you, you would go there aa cheerfully as atogels fly to heaven. If He bade you die for Him, though the flesh is weak, your spirit would be willing; ay, and the flesh' would be made strong enough, too, if Jesus did but look upon you, for He can with a glance cart out selfishness and cowardice, and everything that keeps us book from buing whole burnt-offerings to Him. Is it not so? "Speak of morality! Thou bleeding Lamb, The best morality is love to Thee !" Whon we once, are filled with love to Thee, O Jesus, sin becomes the dragon against whioh we wage a lifelong warfare; holiness becomes our noblest aspiration, and wo seek after it with all our heart and soul and strength. If candid minds will but honestly consider the religion of Jesus Christ, they will ace that Christian men mutt hato sin, if they are sincere in their faith. 1 might go farther into that, but I will not. IV. The last thing of all this is this: The Holy Spirit is with the Qospel, and where He is, holiness must be promoted. Let it never be forgotten that—while the reception of Jesus Christ by simple faith is an avowal of death to sin, and does bring with it an experience of bating sin, And in calculated to do so—there is one thing more. If, dear friends, in any work of revival, or ordinary ministry, there was nothing more than you could sco or hear, I think that many criticisms and cavils might be, at least, rational, but they are not no now; for one grand fact makes them for ever unreasonable. Whorevor Jusus Christ is preached, there is present Ono sublime in rank and high in degree. You will not suppose that I am speaking of any earthly potentate. No, I am speaking of the Holy Ghost—the ever-blensed Spirit of God. There is never a gospel sermon preached by an earnest heart but what the Holy Ghost is there, taking of the things of Christ and revealing them unto men. When a man turn* his eye to Jesus, aud simply trusts Him—for we adhere to that as being the vital matter—there is Accompanying that aot—nay, I must correct myself, there is as the cause of that act-a miraculous, supernatural power wldch iv an instant changes a man, as completely as if it flung him hack into nothingness and brought him forth into new life. If this be so, then believing in Christ is something very marvellous. Now, if you will turn to the third chapter of John's gospol, and also to his Kpistles, you will sco that faith is always linked with regeneration, or the new birth, whioh new birth Is the work of the Spirit of God. That same third of John whioh tells us, "Ye must be born again," goes on to say, " And an Moses lifted up the serpent In the wilderness, even so must the Son of Han be lifted up; that whosoever beHeveth in Him should not perish, but have eternal life." Wherever there is faith in Jesus Christ, a miracle of purification has been wrought In the heart Deny this, and you deny the testimony of the Scriptures, which say plainly, that " whosoever belleveth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God." And whosoever is born of God slnneth not; but he that is begotten of God koepeth himself, and that wicked one touchethhim not." Wherefore do you doubt, for we who are personal examples can assure yon that it has been so in our case? I mean not that myself and one or two others affirm this, but the witnesses may be met with r.y hundreds and thousands, and thuy all agree in asserting that the power of the Holy Ghost has changed the current of their desires, and made them love the things which are holy, and just, and true. Therefore, sirs, whether you believe it or not, you mtust be so kind as to understand one thing from us very decidedly, namely, that if to preach salvation through faith bo vile, wo purpose to be viler stilL Surely you cannot blame us for acting as we do, if our standpoint be correct If the preaching of the cross, though it be to them that perish foolishness, be to them that believe in Christ the wisdom of God and the power of God, we shall not give up preaching Christ for you. If it be so that men are made new creatures—that, while others an talking about morals, our gospel plants and produces them—we shall not give up work for talk, nor the efficient agency of the gospel for the inventions of philosophy. To the front, my brethren, with the cross, more and more; in your schools and in your pulpits set forth Christ crucified aa the sinner's hope more and more plainly. Bid the sinner look to Jesus I Look and live I The gospel is the great promoter of social order, the great reclaimer of the waifs and strays of society, the elevator of the human race: this doctrine of free pardon and gracious renewal, freely given to the rao«t worthless upon their believing in Jesus, is the hope of mankind. There is no balm in Gilead, and never waa; but this v the balm of Calvary, for there is the true medicine, and Jesus Christ is the infallible Physician. Do but try it, sinners I Do but try it I Look to Jesus, and the ]>ashion» whioh you cannot else overcome shall yield to His cleansing power. Believe in Jesus, and the follies whioh cling to you, and crush you as the (makes engirdled Laocoon and his sons, you shall be able to untwist. Yea, they shall die at Jesus glance, and shall fall off from yon. Believe in Jesus, and you have the spring of excellency, the bath of purity, the source of virtue, the destruction of evil, the bud of perfection. God grant us still to prove the power of the Lord Jesuit in ourselves, and to proclaim His power to nil aruund v*. "Happy If, with 6ur latest breath, We may but ga*p His name; Preach Him to all, and cry in death 'Behold, behold the Lamb I'" Mr. James Milne, the comedian, died at his residence this morning. Mr. Milne wu between 50 and 60, and was a native of Scotland. He went to California at an early age, and appeared aa an actor there, and afterwards in Sydney, where he arrived in the year 1850. In about 1856 he came to Melbourne, and first came into notice as a member of the Sintero Gougen* heim's company, at the Princes*' Theatre. His Major Puts, in the " Irish Heires*," was a great hit. Since then, Mr. Milne has generally been on the Melbourne stage. His lust engagement was in Sydney, but he hod to abandon it through ill-health. He expired quietly, and in his full sense?, hits lxst words being, " Close the scene. That's right." Mr. Milne was short and thin, of a spare frame, and Btrongly marked keen countenance, which enabled him to make up very effectively for old men. When Mr. Charles Whentleigh first came here with the " Colleen Bawn," Mr. Milne madu a study of Danny Mann, and succeeding Blr. Wheatleigh in it, was thought superior to that gentleman. Milne's Ecclu, in " Caste," was very graphic. He could play nuything in the <Id man line well, but a treacherous memory caused him to be always nervous, particularly on first night*. He formed one of the three persona «ho followed Con Ward to the grave a few month* ago, the other two being Messrs. Dampier aud O'brimL—Meibovnt Hmtld, Kortmbw 18. 