THE TRUE STORY OF FISHER'S GHOST. Br Marcus Clarke. ( Australasian.) Those ladies, and gentlemen who stimulated themselves by a belief in apparitions of the spirits of deceased human boinga have several "well an-' thonticated " ghost stories, which they aro accustomed to cito as crushing' evi- donco against the incredulous. In tho last century tho narratives of tho "Ap. parition of Mrs. Veal, and tho Death of Lord Lyttloton,', were triumphantly brandished in tho faces of sceptics. Indeed, until tho discovory of Dofoo's interest in tho publication of Delincourt spoiled ono of tho prettiest bits of evi donco iraagiunblo, nnd tho inquisitive ' contributors to Notes and Quorios sent poor Lord Lytton unndmonisbed into his grave, tho present gcnorntion had been accustomed to rogard both fabrica tions with something like veneration. The story of Fisher's ghost may be held to have taken tho place of the Voal-ctmi- LyUleton matter. It is a talo so suited to times, so void of any thing like poetic romance, so praoti cally improbablo—i[ I may bo allowed tho term—that oar generation refuse to swallow it at once. A ghost who clanks chains, who shows mysterious treasure, who bewails 1 oss of honour, or burns to mako restitution of stolen proporty, would be laughed to scorn by a business nge. But n rent business ghost, a ghost who wears blucher boots, sits on a rail, and was an expiree con. vict, appeal's to one's conscience at once. When it is added that tho ghost 1 Jnsome way, gave evidence in a court of law, and was the means of hanging the gentleman who was so foolish as to murder tho fleshly part of him, wo cease to wonder at tho unbounded be lief in the "mysterious Workings of Providence," which the narrative in duces. . Since the year 1836, when the story was first published in Tegg's magazine, " Fisher's Ghost," has been an unexplained phenomenon, whose habitat is Sydney. Mr. John Lang presented him to the British public in Household Words, and in the year 1875 tho persons calling themselves spiritualists cry "But what about IFisber's ghost ? My father was alive at tho time ! I've seen tho rail ! There was a trial about it! The murderer was banged'!"• Thus suggesting that tho fact of tho apparition was proved by tho severe test of a court of law. Now speaking of the mattor tho other day to a friond, ho said, " I can show you tho original papers of the trial, containing tho ovidonco of tho witnes ses, tho arguments of the barristers, nhd tho summing of tho judge." I sow these papers, and lo ! what is the result ? There is no naoro evidence that anybody saw Fisher's ghost than there is that anybody saw tho ghost of Hamlet's aunt! The crime was de tected by tho common and customary process—suspicion, and consequent in quiry j while tho suspicions, instead of being excited by a ghost, wove excited by that most mundane of objects—a Pair of Brooches. Let us tako Togg's Magazine for March, 183G, and Botany Bay, by John Lang, published in 1859, and road in tho former — "Fisher's Ghost, a Legend of Campbelltown"— and in tbo latter, " Tbo Gbost upon the Rail." Having got our fictions collated, wo can then apply our facts as contained in Tbo King v. George Worral—Supremo Court, Sydney, 2nd February, 1727; Tbo writer in Togg's Magazino opons bis narrative with a note concerning Ibo ' familiarity of the tale' to his readers, and while 'leaving others to solve the problem of the ap pearance of tbo ghost,' contents himself with ' telling the story as it had boon beon told to him.' Ho goes on to say that Fisher was au emancipated farmer, in Campbelltown, who had "accumulated money, but through dissipation had fallen into debt. That, being pressed for money, ho listened to tho advice of one Worral, who persuaded him to make an assignment of tho farm, and then, pleading destitution, to obtain a release from his creditors. Fisher did bo, and some days afterwards dis appeared. Worral tofd every one that his friond had gono to England to avoid arrest, and producing the doed of assignment, proceeded to sell tho property. 1 Worral's statement's,' says Tegg,' set completely at rest all the conjectures which had been previously afloat as to tho causo of Fisber's disappearance, aud he was allowod to take undisputed possession of the property on produciug Fisher's con veyance.' There wore no suspicions of foul play, and everything would bave gono right with Worral but for Fisher's Ghost! About six weeks after Fisher's disappearance, Mr. Farley, a farmer, was proceeding homewards. It was about 10 o'olock at night when he loft Campbelltown'; tho moon had riseu, bat her brilliance was obscured by clouds. After he bad passed the lato residence of Fisher, about from 500 to 800 yards, bo observed the figure of n man sitting on tbo top of the fp'UCB on tho samo side of a road as> tbo house. On approaching nearer, what was his surprise to recognise distinctly the fea tures of Pisbor, whom ho had supposed tlieu far on his way to England. Ho approached the figure with the inten tion of assuring himself that ho had not been deceived by a fanoied ro semblance. The ghastly appearance which the features presented to his viow on his nearer approach struck such a cbil.l of terror to his heart as chained bim motionless to tbo spot. The figure, as ho gazed, roso from tho fenco, and waving its arm, poiutod in tho direction of a small dry crook, which orossoB Ibe paddock at tbo place, and disappeared gradually from his view, apparently following tbo wind ings of the creek." Farley wont through the proper process ou such an occasion. Ho rushed bomo "iu a state of stupofaction," is found in " a death- liko swoon," and lies for a "whole weok in tbo delirium of brain fever!" (It need not bo added that he " was noted for sobrioty," <&c.;) So soon as he recovers his sonsos, bo sends for the nearest police magistrate, and relates his vision. Tho magistrate omploysa black tracker named Gilbort, and " on olosely examining the panel ot the fonco" where tho ghost had boon seen, "spots of blood arc dis covered." The blaokfollow gets on the trail, and on approaching a pond tho bystanders observo his oyo sparkle, whilo lio exclaims, " Whito man's fat sit down hero !" Ho plunges his speijr into the water, and says, " Whito man here!" Tho constables soarch, and the body of Fisher is found. Worral is very nntnrnlly arrested, and, having boon tried, confessed that he murdered Fisbor atjtbo very spot whoro tho ghost was soon, and throw tho body into tho pond. So far Togg's contributor. Mr. John Lang—perhaps n more experi enced writer of fictiou—makes a far more dramatic story of tho logond. Ho comineuces his narrative with the discussion of " two wealthy farmers," at a public-house in Penrith. One ol tho farmers is John Fisbor (Frodoriclc Fishor), and tho other Edward Smith (Gcorgo Worral.) The plot as to tho assignment of Fisbor's property is laid, and tho landlord duly informed by Worral that Fisher is about to depart for England, and that he (Worral) will havo tho management of tho farm during that worthy's absence. Six weeks afterwards Fishe'r disannoars. and Worral enters into peaceful possession, no one having naturally any suspicions of foul play. By and bye—a year afterwards—Worral ad vertises tho farm and stock for sale, pursuant to instructions rocoived from his principal in Englnnd. Tiion coraos the ghost. " An old man named David Weir " (Farley) ''is returning home, when ho sees seated on a rail the well-known form of Mr. Fisher. It was vory dark, but the face and figure were as plainly visible as possible." Mr. Lang goes on to realise the story :— " The old man, who was not drunk, though he bad been drinking at Doan's public-hoti3e, pulled up, and called out, ' Holloa, Mr. Fisher ! I thought j'ou were at homo in England ?" There was no reply, and tho old man, who was impatient to get homo, as was his horse, loosed the rains and proceeded on his journoy. " ' Mother,' said old Weir to his wife, while she was help ing bim off with his old top-coat, 'I have seen either Mr. Fisher or his ghost.' " " ' Nonsense,' cried the old woman ; ' you could not have seen Mr. Fisher, for he is.in Old Englnd : nnd as for spirits, you never see any without drinking them; and you aro full of 'em now.' "'Do yon mean to say I'm drunk, mother?' "'No; but you have your liquor on board.' " ' Yes,' but I can seo and hear and understand, and know what I am about.' " 'Well, then, have your suppor and go to bod j and tako my advico, and say nothing to anybody about this ghost, or you will only get laughed at for your pains. Ghosts, indeed ! at vour acre, to tuko on about such things ; after swearing nil your life yon novor be lievod in thorn.' "'But I toll you I saw liiin as plain as'plain could be, just as wo used to see him sitting' some times when tho day was warm, and be had been round looking nthis fences to see that they wore all right.' " The old man sticks to his story, and assert ing that "ho never liked Smith" (Worral), determines to give informa tion to tho polieo. The following Wednesday tho ghost-seer is on his way homo from mavket. Ho " had declined to tako tiny refreshment, though pressed to do so by sovoral travellers who wanted to treat him," and during the whole day had been " romarknbly abstemious." Oil tho road ho picked up two men—one a nowly-appointed constable of tho dis trict—and whou they arrive at tho fatal rail all three, according to Mr. Lang, see tho ghost. "-When they neared tho spot where tho old man had seen tho apparition, ho walked tho horse as slowly as possible, and again behold the figure of Mr. Fisher, seated on tho upper rail of tho fence, and in precisely tbo samo attitude and the samo dress. ' Look thero !' said old David to tho two men. 'What is that P "' It is a man,' they both re plied, 1 but how odd ! It Beem3 as if a light wore shining through him.' "' Yes,' said old David, ' but look at him—what man is it "'It is Mr. Fisher,' thov said, simultaneously. " ' Hold tho reins, one of you,' said old David, 'I'l go and sponk to him. Tlioy sny ho is at homo in Englaud ; but I don't bolicvo it.' " Doscendiug from the cart, tho old man, who was as bravo as a lion, approached tho spectre, and stood within a fewfoet of it. "Speak !' bo cried. 'Don't yon know''me, sir ? I am David Weir. How came yon by that gash in yonr forehead ? Are you" alive or dead, Mr. Fisher ?' To these questions no answer was returned. The old man then stretched forth bis hand, and placed it on what appeared to bo Mr. Fisher's shouldor, but it was only empty air, vacant space, that the intended touch rested upon. "'There has been foul play,' said the old man, addressing the spectre, but speaking sufficiently loud to be beard by botb men in the cart; ' and, by Heaven, it shall be brought to light! Let me mark tho spot.' And with these words bo broke off soveral boughs from a tree near tho rail and placed thoin opposite to where the spectre re mained sitting. Further, ho took out his clasp-knife and notched the very part on which the right 0f tho spectre rested. "Ji>on aftor .tho old man returned 't0 tIl0 cart tl)0appa. rition of T?isi)0r) exactly as he was '.'jo flesh, was' palpable to tbe sight * of all three men. Tboy sat cazinc at it for full 10 minutes, aod then drove on in nve and wonderment." Weir, that is Parley, then gives information to a magistrate; tlio black tracker, Johnny Crook (Gilbert), is brought up to tlio rail, follows the sign of " wliito man's blood," and discovers the body of Fislior. A trial is had, and, aftor soino capital writing concerning the ovidonco against Worral, and his de fonco, Mr. Lang hnugs the murderor, in accordance with tho story told by tho contributor to Tegg's Magazino, adding that "thejudge—tho last man in tho'worlij to boliove in supornaturnl appearances—weighed the probabili ties and improbabilities with the great est nicety." We notice, theroforo, that —allowance being made for tho art of tho 8tory-tolIor—both Mr. Lang and the writer in Tegg agree in assorting that tho first clue to the discovery of Worrnl-Smitb's crime was the appari tion of .Fislior soon by Pnrloy-Weif; while Mr. Lang insinuates that tho judge (Sir Francis Forbes) in summing up alluded to tho tnlo of tho ghost as being un important item in tho evi dence boforo thojury. Letuaturnto tho official report of tho trial. Mr. Moore, tho Acting Attorney-General,stated tho case against tho prisoner, who ploadcd not guilty, as follows :—Fiebor was a sotUor in good circumstances, living, fn Juno, 1820, at (lie house of Worrnl. Suddenly lio disappeared. Inquiries wore inado in tho way of general in quiry, and divers reports respecting his mysterious disappcnntiico, but none woro satisfactory. Prisoner, whoii soiling Fisher's property, first pro duced a recoipf. purporting to bo signed by Fislior, but when arrested said that Fisher had left Sydnoy in tlio ship Lady St. Vincenf, 110 such ship having quitted tlio colony. When Fisher's body is found prisonov uhancos his story, and ondeavours to allow that the murdor had boon committed by the servants of tlio deceased. Tlio first witness for the Crown was Daniel Cooper, described as a general dealor. Ho statod that I10 believed Fislior to bo quite solvent, hut that ho owed him (Cooper) some money for land. That whon ho hoard of tho disnpponrance ho waited upon Worral, with whom Fisher had livod, and interrogated him. He thought Worral's inannor extraordinary, In roply to questions, Worral offered to pay witnoss tho money claimed, upon receipt of tho title deeds of the property. Worra mado excuses about showing tlio authority which ho bad to act for Fisher. Wit ness was satisfied that Fislior had loft behind him moro property than would suffice to pay his debts, and was aston ished at his disappearance. The next \vitnes3 was James Coddington, tlio overseer to Mi-. Coopor. Ho stated that the prisoner, on the 8th July, hud offered him a horse for sale, which he refused to bny, because ho believed it to bo Fishor's, and Worral conld not produce Fishor's receipt for pnymont of it1. Two days afterwards Worral produced a. receipt purporting to he signed by Fisher, but that he doubted the signature. Had suspicions that the story of Fisher's trip to England was untrue. Did not mention his sus picions to Worral, but did to some of the neighbours. He also heard re marks from othors. Thomas Ham mond Baid ho knew Fisher. Worral lived with him, and acted as his agent. Worral told witness that Fishor had left the colony to escape a charge of forgery; that ho (Worral) had a power of attorney, which ho promised to show, but didn't. Shortly after this witness saw Mr, Cooper, who said he believed Fisher had been murdered. Told Worral what Cooper had said, and Worral turned pale, seamed to smile, but the smile was affected. Witness told Worral that if ho knew anything about Fishor ho had bettor tell ifc. Worral said, "Ho is on tho water; that's all I know ; " and some days afterwards produced a receipt which purported te beai Fisher's name, but witness knew it was not Fisher's signature. Witness saw one of Wor rail's servants wearing1 a waistcoat which ho thought was Fisher's, am) saw Worral hiraBolf wear a pair of trousers which ho believed to bo Fisher's. Fisher was a smaller man than Worral, and it wns the tightness of the trousers which induced witness to exatnino them. Lewis Solomons, with whom witness" bad had dealings, said that n receipt shown him by Worrall was not in Fisher's hand writing1. Samuel Hopkins, a freo labourer, said that tho last timo ho saw Fisher alive was on tbo 17th Juno, at his own houso, where Worral also livod. Fisher went oat at dusk, and never catne: back. It was his habit to bo go out and look round tlio farm. Worral took possession of the place when Fisher failed to return. Natha niel Colo confirmed tbo "evidence of Hopkiu's, and said that sur. priso was oppressed at Fisher's absence, but no inquiry sot on foot. George Nowland, constable at Canapbelltown, wont with a black tracker named Gilbert to search for the body of Fisher, for which a roward of £20 was offered. They found traces of blood on a rail at tho corner of a paddock. Gilbert went into a water hole near, took a cornstalk, which he passed over the surface of tho water, put it to his nose and said, "I smell the fat of a white man." He led them further up the creek, and preseutly out a stick into the ground crying, " lucre s something hero ! " Dug, nnd found tho body of a mnn. Other wituosBes identified the body. Tbejnry return n verdict of gnilty, and Worral is exe cuted, after ranking confession in gaol. In all this not a word about Fisher's ghost. Not one of the witnesses allndes : to the story, and Farley—the mnn who, according to the narratives of Mr. Lang and the contributor to Tegg's Magazine, gave information upon the evidence of his supernatural vision—is never called at all! Indeed, I fail to see tho necessity for the Deits ex macJiina. The case is by no moans mystorious, and in no way calls for tho intervention of supernatural pow ers to mako it plain. Sum up the evidence, and see what it means—1. Fisher, a rich man, suddenly disf>"„ pears. 2. Worral, who livep w£^i1 him, etalos that ho has gon'd (.0 J)ntr. land, and comraoncos to „„ii -in,.!.. fnl, which he produces - ^pSo^tUny forged that the*; nro at oncb refused. "■ e. P°,rsrjus refnsing the receipts recognise ■ tho clothes worn by Worral ke Wisher's, aud say to oach other >"->^1; "Fisher must have been tnur fiorod." 4. £20 reward is offered for tho body of Fisher. Fisher's own house is, of course, the first place searched. A tracker finds tho corpse, as 50 trackers have done bofore and since in similar cases; and Worral— the man who had asserted that Fisher was in England, and who Lad claimed the property, is naturally arrosted and tried for tbe murder. Surely it " need 110 ghost corns from the grave " to sot suspicion- busy ! The assump tion mado by the narrators of the ghost story—that Fisher had beon a whole year gone, and that nobody suspected foul play until the ghost was soon—is altogether opposed to the facts. Fisher was murdered at the eud of Juno; the suspicions of Coopor, and his overseer Codrington, wore aroused oarly in July ; while the body, was found and the whole drama played out in October. In point of fact, instead of Fisher's Ghost being the first link in tho chain of evidouce which led to the conviction of Fisher's murderer, Fisher's own moleskin breechoa served their Into roaster that good turn;'and tho ghost, in all prob ability, was never thought of until tho oxcitometifc of tho rumoured crime gave somebody a capital excuse for seeing it. I have no doubt that Fisher's Ghost is an example of how " well-authouticuted" stories of tho supernatural got into circulation. A mysterious disappearance, a suspected murdoror, a discovery of a body, and lo! bouio ono of those folks who are always ready to soo anything gains notoriety by roundly asserting- that ho, lo whom bountiful Hon von has bo stowod many straugo experiences, did himself see llio deceased, in liis habit as ho lived, sitting on the rail where his inurdoror had struck him down. Tho marvellous talo flies from taproom to taproom. A writer for a locul paper gives it printed form. A clever story-teller' dislios it up with piquant additions for a London inagazino. Everybody gnpos, nobody inquires, and pleasing fiction, rendered vener able by years, is cited ns an "inex plicable but well-authonticatod fact." Alas! 'tis a melancholy confession, bufc it is to bo feared that many of our most eborishod superstitions rost upon no bolter ovidonco than that of— pislior's Ghost. 