' 8ALVINI8 "HAMLBT." All lovers of the legitimate drama will note with gladness the signs of revival whioh are now manifesting themselves in the old country. And this has come about mainly tnrough the masterly Shakesperean interpretations of Signor Salvini, whoBe aoting has.exoited more critioal comment than that of any performer of the day. When the mail left. London he was giving the town his conception of '' Hamlet," whioh is thuB noticed in the Pall Mall Gazette ; —"The actor possesses the power, the peouliar endowment of all truly groat actors of rivoting the attention of his audience frem the first, of holding them securely to the last, and of impressing them deeply throughout by means of his art. The pertions of the representation whioh perhaps the most signally moved the audience were the interviews with the Ghost in the first act, the discourse with the Queen in the oloset and the scene of the play. Here the audience, were roused to the warmest enthusiasm by tbe foroo of genuine acting. The interview with Ophelia was marked less by the violence usually imported into the scene than by the aotor's subdued emotion nd ex treme tenderness.v The fencing in the last aot was accomplished with the greatest adroitness ; ana a foilewina:,of the stage directions of M. Alexandre Dumas, in bis version of ' Hamlet' (produced at the Theatre Histor'ique in 1848), which prescribes that in lieu of the customary scuffle in exchanging rapiers, Hamlet, having disarmed La ertes, should give . up, his own sword, and assume in its place the one fallen from Laertes. Applause was given to, every scene, and Signor Salvini received' repeated calls and re-oal s. To our playgoers his performance is of peouliar value in that it restores to them a standard for those histrionic excellencies of whioh they have long been - deprived.- Signor Salvini furnishes convincing proof that acting may be of an heroic kind, while yet it pays due regard to Bature ; that1 art may be exalted and truthful too; just as Greek sculpture does not oease to be life-like, because it soars above the mere actual." ' Some of Salvini's critics have denied him imagination and pas sion, but no one who has read Ristori's account tef his Othello will be inolined to deubt ef his powers in both these respeots. One thing is quite certain, the Italian artist is bringing Shake speare to the front. . 