FICTION. -fArOatt util«!11***! American, and otilar FutodlMlj«) r.-' * ' OMiONEL CANTOOTS DAUGHTER. CttAFTEa XXXÍX. A SON ASI» HEIR. My mother tongue's best benison- I God bleas thee, precious child. -Barton. I William Barling told quite a pathetio little ?tory to his fellow-passenger« about the loss and recovery of his little girl, and his wife was forced to corroborate his tale by more than one anaeea ER)£ and pinch. Little Mara heara the toman», and longed to shriek oat and beg of thora who heard not to be- lieve it-that it was not true. Sbe/eif it was not poöf ¿hild, but, alas, abe bad no proof to bring that these people were not her parents, and BO oft would have believed her unaided assertion. She grew to be quite a celebrity on board, and when the faot that she could slug and dance be oame known, many a weary boar was beguiled by her pretty voice and agile limbs. She heard from her new mother who and what her parents W«re. William Darling was anything and every- thing -that fortune made him. Sometimes he was an aotor, sometimes he speculated in thea trioal «natters in other ways, and now he was going to Australia with some wonderful soheme afoot, wfaiob waa to make bis fortune in an im maAlely «hort time. His wife, Maggie, bad beet'an Actress of some repute, and bad possessed a.ptfltty musical voioe. She was still passable on the boards, but she had lost her beauty, wbich had boen once her greatest attraction, and her voioe bad grown thin and weak. It was not diffioult to see that privation and care had bad muoh to do with her fading as she bad done but Aero was another reason, of wbich she told Mara with many tears. " I shall never sing or aot any more to be good for anything," she said; "I lost a dear boy once, and I have never been good for anything sinoe." "Then I had a brother once?" the child said enquiringly. "Yea, dear." "What was he like?" *'Yery pretty and clever, dear; heoouldsing and dance like you, and they put him on the stage, and it just killed him. " '"'Killed him, mamma ? " " Yes, dear; the work just wore away his little life. He was all I had to love me, and I thought my heart would break when I heard the sods falling on his coffin lid. He waa my only oom fort. My pretty boy ! "* "All you had,mamma, " the ohild queried. " Yes, dear ; all ! " " Except, me you mean. " j Maggie started and blushed. ''Except you, 1 meant of oourse," she said, fiseling very guilty. "You are all now." Mara JWndeted the words in her heart, and remem fcered her mother's oonfoaioh many a time dur- ing the Voyage, wondering what it might mean, j Sut time soon wears out childish impressions, »nd by the time that the good ship Prince ! Charlie carne to an anchor off the most wonder- ful oity in the world, insomuch as it sprung from tia rooks and woods with the rapidity of a muBh-1 room, she had adapted herself to her new position, and accepted the inevitable in the persons of Wil- liam Darling and Maggie his wife, for her father and mother. And there we will leave her, while we go back to those she has left behind, and take <np our story at tbe time of her loss from ' Plymouth. Mr. Ferrytborne lost no time in advertising fttftfertr nan«' TIA nrmia «,;"V ni Ti;»-¡ «a «very paper he could think of. His agents worked well; and two days after the manager lad heard Hans Dertneohsen's story, Daryl Ganyngton, sitting at bia breakfast, read an ad- vertisement in the Warwick Express, offering a reward for a child answering to the name of Mara, taken away from Plymouth by a woman .on ia -day named. The descripton of the ohild Wak very accurate, the malformed hand par- ticularly desoribed, and the appearance of the étrange woman espeoially noticed. , Life at Leasholm was more peaceable since the visit to the asylum ; Ellen found that " silence I waa golden" on the subject of the mystery in her ' husband's study, and she herself held her tongue. She had made up her mind to do as her father nade her, and neither make nor meddle in what did not concern her. She pioked the paper up when her husband flung it down with a fierce ex- clamation, wondering a little. " What is the matter ?" she asked. I "Nothing." " Oh, I thought you bad seen something to annoy you. ' "Not I; there's nothing to annoy anyone, ex- cept it's sublime stupidity. Country papers are the very devil for twaddle and dullness." She read on in silence fora minute or two, and then looked np. i "Ob, Daryll listen to this?" she said. " What ? a gooseberry six inohes round in some impossible garden; or a eix- legged calf, or what?" I "No, an advertisement-such a long one for a lost child." " Well, you have not lost one, or found any- body else's have you ?" "No; listen to this about the child's hand How odd isn't it? You told me it was a pecu- liarity of the Canyngtons." " I don't suppose we are the only people so favoured by nature ; and it does not stick to us None of our young ones are so blessed. I ex- pect it's a sham advertisement, put there to call attention to some one else " He spoke lightly, but his heart was sinking very low. He felt sick with remorse and anxiety, lest by any untoward chance the child might be found, and restored to the Perry thornes. " I wonder if that inquisitive idiot has got baok to Plymouth," he said to himself. "If he has he'll ruin everything. Why couldn't he mind his own business, I wonder ?" But Mark Bagnet, whom Mr. Canyngton thus apostrophised, had not been seen in Ply- mouth sinoe, and, as the reader already knows, little Mara was far away at sea on her road to the Antipodes. The advertisement was read, and was very near causing serious mischief. Mrs. Daintree lay in bed in her pretty room at the reotory, with a tiny morsel of humanity by her side, of a few days old. There was nothing particular about him at present, exoept very pink cheeks, and a general puffinêss and sleepiness, but Mabel de- clared that she could trace every feature of the Ber. Gustav in the dimpling faoe of his son and heir; and the reotor was as proud of his first-born as a father oould be. Mabel's sorrow for the little daughter lost so long ago had all died out in the prospect of another baby, and when it was announced to be a son her delight knewnobonnds. She recovered io rapidly that it was difficult to make her keep ' &ed;, although the most famouos nurse in the TjreíglíboUfhood had not presided at the advent of 'heV,~aon. On -this point she had her fears ; no »Avide or persuasion oouldinduce herto allow Mrs. Webber to attend her on the momentous oooa "I can't bear the Bightof her," she said; "and my baby "would die. I know it would." .""Ay dear," began Mr. Daintree; but she stopped him. "I should die, too. Gustav so don't think of it. I should be constantly remembering that other time. 'She had her way, and a fat, motherly woman iromLeamingtoa was installed at the Beotory as none. Mrs. Webber waa not at home at the 'iime> Vat «he had not failed to express her feel iBJJjirtrti'the subject whenBhe was informed of the ¿ggftt «.antioipation. 'JBfce ".hoped the dear lady might do well," «he 'wind,'With a shrug, and went about her business, Wry audibly thankful on all oootaions that she >h§d too much to do to haye taken the engage- ment if it had been offered her. Dr. Parselle ifotopeiate. Mabel-expreeaedan equal aversion 'tóhiín, hut "her husbami represented that She plight give serions offence % deolining his attendance, and she yielded, confessing after- J wards that sha had been unreasonably pre- ' judieed, fot that a more agreeable or attentive medioal attendant could not have been found. On the morning of the advertisement the nurse entered her patient's room with the news- paper in her band. The Warwick Express was the paper of the district, and maoh read by all olaBCes. " Î thought master was here," she said. " No, some one wanted him. Give me the paper, nurse, please. I can read it for myself to-day." "1 think yon shouldn't, ma'am. Think of your eyes." " Oh, my eyes are well enough. I can read very well. I won't look at any horrid murders or explosions, if there are any, which isn't i likely." " There arn't any, ma'am," the nurse replied, giving way ; and Mrs. Daintree began to read all the local news with the avidity of a conval- escent. Presently she cried out as though Bhe was hurt, and the nurse, looking up, saw her cheeks flashed and her eyes glistening with some strange excitement " Fetch my husband 1" Bhe said . " Bring him here this moment ! Never mind what he is doing, I must Bee him at once." Mr. Daintree carne in hot haste and some alarm, and she showed him the paragraph Darryl had read at Leasholm." Bead it I" she said. " Read every word of it, Gaston 1 Why, the woman is Nurse Webber^-and the age of the child-and the hand. What does it mean ?" Mr. Daintree's face was quite hidden by the paper, when he answered her exoited questions. " I am Borry you are so exoited, dear," he said quietly ; " it will be bad for you. Any woman almost might answer to euoh a description : and as for the hand, any child might have such a disfigurement. Besides Mrs. Webber is at home ; I saw her this morning." "But she has been away, Gaston, dear; I heard nurse tell cook so." *' Only for a very little while, dear. I can tell you exactly where, and all about it. All this happened in Plymouth nearly a week ago ; she ooúld not have had anything to do with it. If you take «uoh wild ideas into your head, little woman, I shall complain to Dr. Parselle. You'll do yourself and this young man here a mis- chief!" Mabel had not taken anything into considera- tion save the one distinguishing mark on the child's hand, and began to feel rather ashamed of herself as her husband reasoned with her ; but the description of the ohiid'B hand had quite upset her. " I Bhould like to see her," she said presently, "Who, dear?" .'Mrs. Webber." "My dear Mabel, what for?" "I want to find out where she has been to ; I think she will tell me." " Of course she will if you wish, but it would be much better if you would try and forget all about it." " I cannot, Gaston ; send that woman to me, there's a dear old man " Of course Mr. Daintree did as he was bid, and Mrs. Webber came to pay a visit, very demure and soft-voiced, and extremely glad to find the lady WBB doing BO well, &c;, &o.;, " Yes, I've been away, ma'am," she replied to Mabel's eager questions. " A relation of mine had a death in his family, and I went to help a bit ; there's always a deal of confusion at suoh times." " Yes indeed," Mabel answered, thinking sadly of the time when death had twice suddenly be- reaved her of all she held most dear on earth. " Were you away long, Mrs Webber ?" " No ma'am, I couldn't stay. I'm expcoting to be called out at Lillington every day, and I couldn't be far away." " Did you go to Plymouth?" Mrs. Daintree asked. " Oh dear no, ma'am ; I went north," she re- plied with a puzzled look. " tf you would like to know exaotly where I went to, I oan tell you all aboutit." " Oh, no," Mabel replied, rather perplexed, " Not at all, Mrs. Webber." And with a few more gentle words the woman was dismissed downstairs just as a ring at the door proclaimed the advent of some one to look for the Hector. Her heart was beating wildly, and great drops of perspiration Stood on her face. " She's bewitched, I do believe," she said to herself. " Whatever can have put it into her head to ask me suoh things ? I'll take my Bible oath no one knew me in that place." But she reckoned without her hoBt. Going out at the back door she found herself face to face with the two last people on the earth she wished to see. Ask ing tor tne rector were >lr. .f ennythorne and Hans Dertriechsen. She recognised the mana- ger instantly, but persecution and harsh treat- ment had so altered the latter that she did not know him. He was wonderfully ohanged for the better since his appearance in Plymouth ; but he looked a decrepid, worn, old man, in spite of tbe nursing-up and kindness he bad reoeived at Mr. Pennythorne's hands. Mrs. Webber bent her head and burned away, but the quick eyes of Hans had deteoted her in that passing moment. " That's the woman !" he said, in a low tone ; but she was gone before his companion had 'grasped the importance of what he said. " That ! Impossible ! " he exclaimed. " It is." " Then she must live here, and we shall be able to get at her. We are on the right track, evidently." While they were shown into Mr. Dain tree's study to wait that gentleman's appear- ance, Mrs. Webber made her way across the park to Leasholm, faster than she had ever walked in her life before. Daryl Canyngton was just setting out for a ride ; but a gesture from her, and a look at her face, made him dismount, and bid the groom lead his horse up and down for a few minutes " Now, then, what is it ? " he asked sharply, drawing a little way from the front door. " Make haste with what you've got to say. I'm in a hurry." ' " Never mind your hurry. You must hear what I've got to tell you. There's mischief a-foot. " What do you mean ?" .' They're here." " They ! Who ?" " The man from the Plymouth Theatre, and some one with him." " The devil he is ! Who is the other one." "I know his face ; but I cannot think," she replied reflectively. " I have it," she exclaimed, after a moment's pause. "It's the man who went mad-the German-What's his name ?" " Dertriechsen ?" "Yes." \- " You are dreaming, my good woman. That man is two hundred miles away." " No, he isn't-nor half a one-he is at tbe Beotory this minute, talking to the parson." " What's to be done ?" " I don't know." " They mean mischief, depend upon it." "I know they do. There's an advertisement in the papers for the brat, curse it." " Ah, they may advertise for her; they won't get her, but they may catch me. I don't like the prospeot." "Ah," said Dayrl Canyngton refleotively, " it is awkward ; of course you were never there in your life, if anybody should ask you aboutit." " Never, of course " " And you could bring .people to prove where you were at that particular time, if it became necessary ?" " I could. It would be expensive, of course." "Everything is expensive conneoted with this cursed business. When will you have done wanting money for it ?" ??*' "When lam quite safe, MT. Canyngton, not before." He took a note from his pooket-book and gave her, and she thanked him and walked away. "What did she want with you?" Ellen asked when he went in. " Oh, worrying about her cottage," he replied carelessly. " I shall have to let her have herown way, I suppose. " " She always does have her own way, I think, " she answered. " She's a bad woman, Daryl, I don't like her." " She's a very useful woman, my dear, and she don't like to be interfered with. Let her alone " Hans Dertriechsen and Mr. Perrythorne told their story to Mr. Daintree, perplexing that gentleman not a little. His wife's suspicion was a ourious coincidence, but their recognition of the woman was more wonderful still. " She has been from home," he said, " but the time-«as so short that what you say seems im- possible. Be sure I will make it my business to find out. It may be a mere coincidence after all, and the ohild be a totally different one." " If it is, it is a very queer circumstance," Mr. Perrythorne remarked. 'Tve knooked about pretty much in my time, and it has made me sharp at putting things together. It's a funny thing to me that these people, all unknown to one «oarer, should pitch upon that child as a \--->------J--« ' f «H* Canyngton sinoe she has been with me. Mr. I Dertriechsen here had a written document' reffe ' him by his wife telling all she knew, and that all was enough to transport some of them, or I'm very much mistaken." CHAriiR XL. A GHOST STORY. Angela and ministers of grace defend tas-! -Sutttspean. Mr. Daintree listened to ^11 there wag to tell him with profound attention. " You bought th o child of some gipsies, I understand," he ,»»14, I when Mr. Perrv thorne had finished. " Well, bought is an ugly word to use regard- ing a human being ; but I did buy her. 1 paid a brute who claimed to be her father good honest co.in of the realm for her, but only oa «oadiikm that I shsuld use her well, and so forth." " And you did, I am sure." Scmething rose in Mr. Perrythorae's throat at the question. " That's not for me to say," he said. " If the child were here she would tell you bitter iban Í oan. Losing her has been to me and my wife, like seeing one of our own boys laid under the turf. We loved her, Mr. Daintree, and to see her again would be the brightest thing that oould happen to us " " And did she remember nothing ?" " Nothing, poor ehild- Her whole life seems to have been spent with the gipsies- She reool lectB a lady and gentleman .visiting the tribe somewhere, who were struck by the sight of her hand-the lady fainted away, she says, though, of course a child's ideas are not always trust- worthy. This happened in Devonshire j and I have heard something of a Dr. Carlisle and his wife, who was a Miss Beatrice Canyngton-and by an odd coincidence they were both in the West at the time. Don't you think, Mr. Dain- tree, there is something more in it than aere accident ?" " I don't know what to think," tbe reotor re- plied. "It seems all a monstrous web of en- tanglement that no one oan unwind." " One step in the right direction will be to restore this poor fellow to his'wife," Mr. Perry- thorne said gravely. " He saw her in a lunatic asylum, where he was put by Daryl Canyngton and his agents. He believed her dead, but in- stead of that she was confined there under a false name. Her business iii this part of the country was to see Mr. Canyngton on this very business, so be naturally attributes her being there to the same agency." " Then he is mistaken," said Mr. Daintree abruptly. " Sir." " Quite wrong. Your wife is in an asylum, Mr. Dertrieohsen, but by no agency of Daryl Canygnton's, believe me." "Then you know something about it, Sir?" Hans said eagerly. " Oh, tell me, for heaven's sake ! " " ThiB muoh I know, or rather have reason to think-that Mr Canyngton believes your wile to be dead. She was really insane for some time, but there is every hope of her recovery now. I am presuming that the woman you saw really is your wife, and that there is no mistake." "I have made none, sir. I saw my wife, though they call her Sarah Bowers. I think they were afraid of me somehow, for direotly after that I was taken away to Cornwall ; and they beat me, if ever I ventured to speak of it,-but it WBS her." " There will come an end of it soon, one way or another," Mr. Daintree said kindly. " Your wife is-" An interruption, in the shape of a knock at the door, made him pause. " Come in," he said, and a servant entered with a note, which he said was urgent. It was from Crichton House, he Baid, and the reotor apologised, and opened it. " It concerns jen nearly, Mr. Dertrieohsen," he said, with an anxious faoe- " It is from the very asylum we Were speaking of. Your wife has made her esoape." * Hans Dertriechaen's eyes glittered. " Then it's for me to find her," he said. " I'll do it, pleaset Heaven, and it will be a hard day for those wllo try to come between us again." Mr. Perrythorne and Hans Dertrieohsen took up their quarters at the inn in the little village oí Canyngton Magna, and waited the issue of the rewards and advertisements concerning the escaped lunatic, Sarah Bowers. The exoitement concerning her was very great, but no tidings of her carne to allay tbe feverish excitement of her busband, who was powerless in tbe matter. He could only wait and hope. Mrs. Webber was uneasy in hex mind-Bhe conjectured rightly that all Sort« of questions would be asked about her recent absenoe from home She went about with apparent unoonoern, and answered all enquiries readily enough, where the questioner had any business to ask. Mr. Trevelyan was wide awake and alert, gathering all information he could about the Canyngton family, and waiting patiently for any intelligence from Plymouth. He got a little at last-the woman and child had been tracked to Swindon, and from thence back to Bristol, where all trace of the child waa lost. The woman had left Bristol for Birmingham by an evening train -alone. Tue writer of the letter, a shrewd member of the deteotive force in Plymouth, had ascertained that no suoh child as he wanted had left the port on board any ship-the description of her that he had tallied with none of the little ones who had gone to sea with their parents ob that particular day. And yet he had been to the very office where William Darling had booked his places for the voyage. William Darling, Maggie his wife, and Eva their daughter, were down on the list, and he pointed to the last name, and enquired whether it was -a child or a grown np daughter. " Oh, a child !" the clerk replied. " An in- fant." " The one I want isn't au infant," -the officer remarked. " She's seven or eight yeara old, I believe." , " This one wasn't anything like that. I was ' alongside when the party went aboard. It was quite a baby-carried asleep in üs fa there arms. I wondered why it's name wadJput doWn at all ; but some folks are so particular." ; And so but for an unintentional mistake on ' the part of a clerk in a shipping-office, little Mara might have been tracked, and brought baok to < her friends. Mr. Perrythorne would not confess himself beaten, but he was certainly at his wit's end. His trip into Warwickshire seemed to to have answered no pnrpose, for he fully ex- pected to have found some trace of the child at Leasholm. But for the new anxiety about Grace Dertriechsen he would have returned home -at once. If she could be found, and had recovered her senses, she could give the due to so much that they wanted to find out. So the "manager lingered on, fidgetting not a little about affairs at home, but loth to leave any stone unturned that might have an atom of fact underneath it. His untiring little wife in Plymouth kept him au. fait to all that was going 'on there, and amongst other things informed him that Mark Bagnet had returned, full of eagerness and anxiety about the ohild, and ready to help in any way in whioh he could be made useful. Mrs. Perrythorne also reported that she had found out the place where Hans Der- triechsen had worked, and ascertained that they remembered him perfectly, and bad money in hand due to him, also that a sum he had left in the bank was intact and payable whenever he like to present himself. " That's good news for you, Hans," the manager said, when he had read the letter. " It will be something to help you on a bit by and-by. Seems like the beginning of -the sun- shine, don't it ? " " I'm very thankful for it, sir ; but I shan't see muoh sunshine till I've found my poor Grace," Hans returned dejectedly. "Pray Heaven she may be found soon, or I think I shall go mad." Mrs Perrythorne further informed her lord and master that Mark Bagnet had seen Dr. and Mrs Carlisle in London, and had picked up a good deal of information somehow. But it would all have to keep till he got home *gain, the little woman added in conclusion, and he was to make haste, or the boys and the business would tear her to pieces. Mr. Perrythorne replied at length, telling his wife everything he had done, heard, or seen bear- ing upon the object of his journey. He was con- firmed in his opinion about the child being a Canyngton by everything that oocurred, but was no nearer proving the faot than when he left Plymouth. He told how he had seen and liked Mr. Daintree, but that a portrait of Mrs. Dain- tree was all he had seen as yet, that lady not not being downstairs. He had been shown the likeness of Colonel Canyngton, and was as much struck by Mara's resemblance to it as either Emma Bailey or Mark Bagnet had been. " There's queer work going on here, little woman," he wrote; "and it will take longer heads and purses than ours to get to the bottom of the mystery. Hans Dertrieohsen has heard nothing of his wife yet, and we have seen the woman who took the child away. Hans knew her at once ; and it is the same woman that Bailey calls * nurse Webber.' The thing has been cleverly done, for I feel sure Dertriechsen is .right ; the woman has been away from home, and just at that time too. Mr. Daintree helped us all he could in questioning her, &o.; But whoever is employing her must huve plenty of money. She gave the address of the place where she had been-nursing-she said. We went there, for DortriechBon flatly refused to believe ii;aod the whole household, some balf- dozen people, backed her up in her story. They all vpwed she bad been at their house the whole time she had been from borne. The devil's ia it Bomehow, or I'm bewitched, for T-know the woman too! I Baw her in front' the night of the child's benefit, staring at me ia a most uncomfortable way. I can't make it out, but there's no harm done in What I have found Ont about these Canyngton people ; but without the ohild to show it isn't muoh use as yet. 1 heard tbe name of Nesta Gwynne the other day in the course of my en- quiries-she was a workhouse tra'j-p who went away from this place with a little infant some years ago. Now Gwynne was the name men- tioned in the paper Hans Detrieohson got from his wife, whioh paper was, he declares, stolen from him when he feil io insensible in Mr. Canyngton's room at Leasholm " Mr.Perrythornefurtherdeolaredthatheshould come home after another day, if nothing turned np, and made preparations to keep his word. He called on the reotor, who was very cordKl to him, and promised to do all in his power to aid Hans Dertrieohsen in seeking his wife, in which he seemed to take a peculiar interest. Hans seemed Btunned and stupefied by this fresh loss, but was meekly grateful for all that was done for him by theae new friends. His wife had vanished as suddenly and unac- countably as though she had sunk into the earth, i and Mrs. Wobber walked about the village in a , peculiarly aggressive manner, with a self-satisfied smirk on her face, that made Mr. Perrythorne feel as though he should like to take her by the shoulders and shake the breath out of her sneering lips. He bad been outwitted by her and he knew it, and was powerless to do any- thing. But Mrs. Webber's triumph was not to be unalloyed by fears. The last day of Mr. Perry thorne's stay in the village he oaught a word or two from a group of rustics drinking in the tap room that made him stop and listen. " Ghosts 1 Nonsense !" he heard the landlord say. " There's no more a ghost at Leasholm now than there's always been These old houses I always have what some silly wench or other turn'B into a ghost." " Begging your pardon, master," said a decent-looking man in a smook frock. " There's no turning of anything in thia-it was my gal as saw it, and she's not a frightened or a fan Wful, ene. Whatever it was she saw it went near to kill her with the fright. She had a fit and she's been in her bed ever since, with the doctor to her every day My missus waa sent for to stay with her too, and the fright must have been a pretty bad one to do all that. I will say this of the squire's lady, if she's proud she's very kind; she's been un- common good to Betsy." " Betsy's a sensible lass," said another of the men. " She wouldn't be frightened at nothing, and she wouldn't be likely to say she saw a ghost if she didn't. It's an awful thing to think of." Mr. Perrythorne stepped in amongst them, and bade them good evening. " Are there ghosts in thisquiet little village?" be asked with a smile. " Yes, sir," was the unanimous reply. " Leastways he says so," added the landlord, pointing to the man who had made the asser- tion. " It's true what I said," the man said quietly, and the manager asked for the full particulars. He seemed ?ery much interested in this Leas holm spectre, and ordered in more ale for the little knot of male gossips, while he listened to the story told by Betsy's father. "My gal is under housemaid at the squire's, and the one as sleeps in the same room with her was looking out of the window nights ago, and she saw.,a ghost-a tall, white thing, beckoning at her." .^ *' But you said your daughter saw it, my man." "»Yea, Bir, last night. This other girl is a flighty sort of a thing with not much sense, and she shrieked out that she bad seen a spirit ; and then there was a fuss and a search made, aud the squire and his lady were very angry, but no- thing came of it." " Then it appeared again " " Yes, sir, last night the housekeeper sent tbe other lass to the larder for something-it's nut uinci maa IU me laraer lor somemwg-it s out at the baok of the house, and along a passage, and my Betsy went with her been use she was frightened. When they got there the window was open, and the wind came in and blew their light out. The door Blammed to behind them, and they were a'mest in tbe dark, for there was not much of a moon, if you remember, sir. They went to the window to shut it, for they couldn't think how it carne open, and there, bend- ing in from the outside, was the ghost, with glistening eyes and long hair." " It was reaching out its arms to them, the other girl said ; she kept ber senses a bit, but my poor lass fell down on the floor in a fit, and abe hasn't rightly come out of it since." The man was telling the truth, so far as he knew, that was very evident, and Mr. Perry- thorne pondered a good deal over-what he had heard. There bad been Btrict search during the day, but not a traoe of the supposed .ghost oould be found. The police were inolined to think that the apparition was ahhrglar, turned by the girls' imagination into a white-robed spectre: but whatever it was, tbey hadovidently seen something. .^The larder window looked out into some fields by the side of which the high road ran ; and Mr. Canyington was of opinion that the whole thing was some trick to frighten the girls, though there appeared no other motive in such a silly jest. Mr. Perrythorne went straight back to the room where he - had left Bans Dertrieohsen. The poor fellow was tired out and Badly de- pressed, for he had been spending his strength in tramping for miles around the country, in a vague hope of meeting with a hearing of his wife. " I don't think I shall go home to-morrow, Hans," the manager said, dapping him on the back. " I think I shall stay with you a day or two longer yet." w You are very good, Bir," was the despond- ing answer ; " but I doubt it's no good." " Don't you despond, you're tired out now, but there's hope yet." " How, sir ?" " I think we've been looking too far off for your wife all this time- I think we shall find her to-night." " Oh sir ! You know where she is ?" " Well, not exactly ; bat I think I shall know i soon. You and I will go and- íook for her in a ?few hours' time.".^ & "But where?"u- _. s j " At Leasholm." \ "There! Oh, Mr. Perrythorae, have they got her again ? What can we do ?" "Nothing for an hour or two; I've been listehing to a ghost story, and fancy that, unless we betray our interest in it, and set others seeking as much as ourselves, that we may catch the LeaBholm ghost, and find your wife at the same time." CHAPTER XLI. A COMINO BECKONINa. So comean reckoning when the banquet's o'er, V A dreadful reckoning, and men smile no more. -Gat/. Hans Dertriechsen grew si*'excited over Mr. Perrythorne's words that that gentleman was obliged to «aim him down a little. " Don't build too much on seeing her," he said gently. " I'm rather afraid-" " Afraid ! Of what ! That they will catch her "before ua. If I thought so-" " No, no, it is not that ; but I fear that when we find her it may be only in such a state that it may be necessary to give her up again. If it is really she of whom I have heard, I ^hpuld vary, much doubt her being in a fit state to.be atWge." r " Tell me all about it, please, sir. I'm a bit bewildered. Did you see her^ f \" No ! I didn't see her./Sit down and I'll tell you just what I beard-iit maybe nothing, but I am inclined'to th^nk itHp of importance." Hans listened with a bowed head and wildly beating heart to all Mr. Perrythorne had to tell him about the wild-looking spectre with waving arms. " If what those girls saw was my wife," he said in -a faltering voioe, " there will be no seed to put her anywhere but where I can tond. If she is the most hopeless lunatic on the face of the earth, God help her ! she will be .gentle and docile with me." Tbe time seemed endless till it was late enough for them to commence their search. The servant ¿tri at Leasholm was reported to be very ill ; and they heard of a party of keepers and stablemen who were riding round the country in quest of the fugitive from Crichton House, sent out by Dr. Brande, who was ex- tremely anxious about his missing patient. Daryl Canyngton also had searchers at work looking for the ghost, BO that altogether there seemed but Bmall chance of her esoape-if, indeed, the lunatic and the spectre were one and the same person. Mad or sane, she was oun< ning to a degree, and managed to keep entirely out of sight. As soon as it was dark Mr. Perrythorne and Hans sallied forth, and carefully made their way to the back of the house at Leasholm Here they waited what seemed to them an interminable time, but they found that the manager had guessed rightly, and their waiting was not for nothing. He judged that the supposed ghost selected that, part of the house in search of food, and he was right. Lying perdu among the bushes, they presently heard a stealthy tread and a oraok ling of branches, and then the tall, ghostlike figure which the men had spoken of emerged into the dim light. Before Mr. Perrythorne could stop him, Hans had sprung forward, and calling her by her name placed himself directly in front of her, with outstretohed hands. " Grace-my poor Grace !" he exclaimed, and the moving figure stopped. " Don't you know me ? Can't you speak to me, my dear !" She was terribly startled, and put her hands to her head with a confused wild look. " Who ia it ?" she gasped. " Who speaks to me ? Keep off ! I am not mad, I say. I will not go back !" "You Bhall not, my poor darling. It is Hans, my dear-your husband-come to fetch you." There was no madness in the cry of delight I with whioh she threw herself into his arma. "Is it you?" she said. "Beallyyou?" " Beally, my dear." " Ob, heaven be thanked 1 I thought it was those dreadful men. Take me away, Hans take me home !" " Take me home !" Hans had no home now to take her to-poor stricken soul ? When she had left it to come upon her fatal journey sho had left it for the last time. It was all broken up and scattered now, by the jBame blow which had deprived her at once of Reason and ali Bhe | held dear in the world. The broken, white-haired man who held her in his arms, and sobbed over ber like a child, was flying, like herself, from cruelty and perse- cution, and had no spot of ground to call his own ; no roof to cover him, though all his misery was forgotten in the joy of seeing her once more alive and in her right mind. " Why did you come here, my poor Grace ?" he asked. " Could you think of no place to go to but this evil house ?" " I did not know where to go," she said faintly. " They were hunting me like a wild animal. You won t let them get me again, will y°k?" " Tbey shall kill me fitót, my darling," " I thought if I coula get in at that window I could get a bit of bread. I have not had any- thing to eat since-" She stopped and staggered ; and Mr.' Perry thorne helped to oatoh her, or she would" have fallen heavily to the ground. " I thought so," Baid the manager, laying her carefully down " Don't look BO frightened, Hans ; she is only fainting from want of food. We'll goon cure that. We must get some one to help us, and carry her to the inn." " Not from then. You won't seek help from there !" said Hans excitedly, pointing towards Leasholm. "No; we won't let them know anything about her there. Here come some men, they will help us." 4 " Perhaps they are looking for her " V They shall not take her from us if they are, but I think they are two of those I was talking with this afternoon-. Don't be afraid ; no one shall take her from you " The men turned out to be a couple of labourers, and with their help the insensible tyace was carried to the inn, and refreshed, and put into a comfortable bed to gH rest and sleep, while Mr. Perryt£oroe betook himself to the Beotory ta tell Mr? Daintree all that had happened. Grace had gone 'to Leasholm in search of food. Her intention had been to go to the Bectory, and see Mabel, and confess all she knew to her. She had heard of her marriage since her senses had returned to her, far there was plenty of gossip among the at- tendants- at Crichton House concerning what went on in the world outside, and she knew she should not be too harshly judged by the rector and his wife for the' Dart she had taken in the aim ma wue lur me part sue naa casen in tue child's disappearance. Before Bhe oould reach the village, however, -she found she was pursued-she saw the men who were searching throughout the country for her, and tbe fear of being taken back made her search about and hide herself in the Btrange manner which had resulted' ia such a serious fright to the girl Betsy. Mr. Daintree had gone upstairs for the night wheo Mr. Perry- thorne reaohed the house; but guessing that his-.business waa urgent, he came down again, evidently much pleased that the woman had been found by them. "You must exouse my coming now," the manager said ; " but poor Dertrieohsen seems so terribly afraid that she may be seized and taken away from bim again, that I hardly know what to do." '-"I am very glad you did come-they are doSbiksa searohing for her," Mr. Daintree said, with a smile. - j "Yes; she saw the^ijoet who were seeking her, poor soul ! and has ceen hiding in the thickets and bushes, like a hunted hare, to keep out of their way." " She must have no fear, nor her husband either. You may tell him so from me." . "But if the parties interested in keeping her out of the way should finti out where she is, what is to be done ? ^Mijd or sane they will have her; and I musfsay she seenis quite sane now." " I have no doubt she is ; and many people would be, aa you say, glad to have her out of the way ; but there is only one interested in her safety aa far as Crichton House is con- cerned." . 1 " The dootor, of course." " No ; myself." y i "You!" « " Yes I placed her there." Mr, Perrythorne was so astonished that he had not a word to Bay, and Mr. Daintree went on. \" 1 placed her under Dr. Brande's cafe, and I have paid for her maintenance ever since." " But why ?" asked the manager, " she was not mad." " I believed her to be hopelessly insane when I took her to Crichton House. There seemed no hope that she would ever be restored to the slightest gleam of reason. I Bee you are both astonished and curious, Mr. Perrythorne ; but I am telling you the simple truth.". . "?" I am, sir ; and I wish you would téil me more-that is if you con do so." " I can, and will. You have acted like a true bearted, honourable man, all through this miser- able affair. Sit down, and you shall hear all there is to tell, and how this poor woman came to be a fit inmate of a lunatic asylum." "Mr. Perrythorne sat down and listened to the Rector's story, which was not told without con- siderable agitation. " It is sometime; ago, now," he said ; " and the very memory of it makes me Bhiver. I bad been out all day, and in the «vening I had oocasion to visit the house of a gentleman whom I knew well. I took a short out through the grounds, which led me past a part of the house but little used. Passing the window of an old cellar, I heard a groan, and eteoD '-ihg down I Baw through the chinkgjbf the broken flap a man holding a light, and the-'form i of a woman lying on the, floor. The man dis- appeared through a door! which he locked and bolted after him, and I heard his footsteps re-: treating aloog a passage, and then the sound of another closing door. Then I pulled up the flap of the cellar window-the fastenings were rusty, and the boards rotten-and let myself down. I was sick and faint, for I verily believed I was going to look upon a corpse, but I tyas. thankful to find that she was still alive, though murder had been intended, and the assassin evidently believed he had^one his work effectu- ally. I bad some was ventas in my pocket, and by their aid, and the light of the moon, I suc- ceeded in getting the woman out. When I had laid her on the grass outside, I knew her face. I bad seen her before, and had some clue to the motive of what had been done. I had her taken to a place of safety, but I found the blows she had received, and the shock, had turned her brain. I placed her with Dr. Brande under a false name ; and waited for what seemed hope, less-her restoration to reason and recollée, tion." " It'e a queer story," said Mr. Perrythom«, When the Bector had finished, " A true one, B»." "I don't doubt it for a moment; but you mentioned no names, Mr. Daintree. What if I obuld supply them ? The house you speak of was-" Gaston Daintree laid his hand on the manager's arm. "No names yet," he said. "The time is hardly come. It is perhaps not for us to un- ravel chis tangled skeinjf For my wifo's sake I have been silent ; but these two poor persecu- ted souls will speak« atad it is not for UB to hinder them. Heaven bas set them free, and raised up friends to help them. We must leave the future in higher bands than ours." " We cannot do anythiog till we find tho child," said Mr. Perrythorne, sadly. "To think I should have been able to take her from those brutes only to lose ber into worse mischief after all. I should feel it less if I could know whether she was kindly treated. M4 little woman and I loved her as if she was our oVt;û. " " The ways of Providence are insorutable," Mr Daintree remarked gravely. " If she is really my Mabel's child (and somehow I think she is), she is the mistress of Leasholm ; and yet the squire lives and prospers as though there were no such thing as sin and punishment. We must leave it to time. I hope this woman's restoration to reason is the end of the olue that will bring us to the denotement of the story that begin eight years asjo with the birth of that baby, under the superintendence of Mrs. Webber and Ellen ^Tánynglfcn'B father." " Do you think he tad anything to do with it?" " I think his daughter being the mistress of Leasholm ia a sufficient answer to that ques- tion," Mr. Daintree replied. "Darl Canyng- ton might have married a duke's daughter, as far as position went. There was some strong motive to make bim take the child of a country physioian for a wife." "I have heard all the story from beginning to end, from Dertriechson. His wife wrote down every incident, and it seems firmly fixed in his memory. They have abundant grounds for a prosecution." " Tbey have indeed. I hop», they wUt'wait a little while, for my wife's sake'; she co\ld',not bear the exoitement of suobjfa thing just'now, theoga I oannot say anythng to prevent them doing what they think best in the matter " " Tbey will be guided by you, I shonld say. Will yon come and see her ?" .'. ^ " Surely I will, to-morrow ; she waists rest to-night I will be there early in the «oru ing." He kept his promise, and was at the little inn almost before anyone had breakfasted. Mr Perrythorne had told Hans all that he had heard, and he was very grateful for what the Bector had done. " She would have been dead, but for you," he Baid fervently. " How can I ever repay you for your good work ?" "I will ask you to do something-»for toe in return, my poor fellow," Mr. £^r\ee''Baid kindly. tJ - "What is it, sir? Anything I can do I will : be sure of that." " Then keep what you have suffered a secret for a little while. I don't think tbe time is quite come for us to speak $ut yet. It will come, depend upon it." J " I'll hold my tongue for iver, sir, if it will do any good." f " I don't ask as much as%hat ; only a little time, for my wife s sake:. mW are you going to do first ?" " I must go back to Plymouth, sir. There's a bit of money belonging to me there ; and I hope I can get into my old place again. I don't think but what they'll believe me when 1 tell them I am not mad. I shouldn't say it of my- self, perhaps, but I am a hand they can't get every day. I know the business thoroughly from beginning to end." " I can get you a certificate, if you need one," Mr. Daintree said. " Though I hope it won't be necessary ; and you can use my name in any way you like, and to whom you please. When do you go ?" " We start to-day," Mr. Perrythorne said. " Hans and his wife will have to stop in Leam iogton a few hours to get Mrs. Dertriechsen some clothes (her attire is terribly suggestive of a madhouse at present, poor thing !) ; and then we shall go in the evening." Mr Daintree took out his purse. " You must let me help you on with some money, Mr. Dertrieohsen," he said kindly. " Nay, pray do not refuse ; you will vex me if you do. You can call it a loan if you like, but I hope you will not, for all your misfortunes have come about through your wife's unhappy connection with Mrs. Daintree's affairs. It wnnlrl oivn mr» mnnli nloouni-o tn o.. «MI *«VÄ W would give mo much pleasure to see you take it as freely as I offer it." " I will take it, and thank you, sir," Hans replied, taking the proffered note. " I eau return it easily when I get my own bit of monty again I owe my good friend here twioe as much*" he added looking at the manager with earnest gratitude. " It has been a costly trp for him." " I would have spent twioe aa muoh-ay, ten times aB muoh-to find that child," Mr. Perry . thorne said warmly ; " but I won't give it np I must get baok to my little woman and tbo business now ; but I'll tar again. Ah ! here comes Mrs. Dertriepasen, sir. She looks better this morning " *> ? *.. Grace came in quiet and composed, with no trace in her of the apathetic lunatio Mr. Dain- tree had known her, or the raving madwoman thu,£_ had flown at Daryl Canyngton's throat at Crichton House. The change was so great that the Bfiator was quite startled. Though sha was very thin and wan, she was intelligent arid'sen- sible, and only her closely-cut hair and evident feebleness showed her to ba anything djfferept from other people. Hans made her understand in a few words who Mr. Daintree was, and what he had done for her, and she assented at once to their proposal to keep the secret a little longer. " Only take me away from thiB place," ehe said eagerly. " Let me be sure that I «W free, ana I will keep it for ever if you wish." (To be continued.) ICE EIGHTY THOUSAND YEARS Otto.-The altitude of the Stevens mine, on Mount M'Clel lan, is 12,500 feet. At the depth pf from 60 to 200- feet the crevice matter, consisting of silica, oaleite, and ore, together with the surrounding wall rook, is a solid frozen mass. M'Clellan is one oí the highest eastern spurs of the snowy range ; it has the form of a horseshoe, with a bold escarpment of felspathio rock nearly 2000 feet high, which in some places is nearly per- pendicular. Nothing unusual occurred un(il a distance of some 80 or 90 feet had been\made ; then the frozen territory was reaohed, and it has oontinued for over 200 feet. There are no in- dications of a thaw summer or winter. The whole frozen territory is surrounded by hard mas- sive rock, and the lode itself isras hard and mas- sive as this rock. The minsjrs being unable to excavate the frozen material with pick and drill, found that the only way was lekindle a large wood fire at night against the back ard of the tunnel, and in the morning take out the disintegrated ore. This has been the mode of-mining for more than two years. The tunnel is over 290 feet deep, and there is no diminution of the frost. There is, so far as can be seen, no opening or channel through whioh the frost could possibly have reaohed such a depth from the surface. There are other mines in the same vicinity in a like -frozen state. The theory is that.the rook was ; tigre, down in glacial times, when there was cold enough to freeze the very earth's Basset. In-that case the mine is an ice- house, whose stores have 1 remained untbawed for at least 80.000 veais ! Tbe phenomenon is not uncommon or inex- plicable when openings can be ¿bund through ' " which a current of air can pass ¿-hut oases whioh, like the Brandon Frozen Well and the Stevens Mine, show no way for air currents, ace still re ferred to imbedded icebergs and the glacial period. A somewhat singular aooident happened a Sutton Scotney, a small village near Michel dev er, on Saturday night last. A -nook of abouc 200 sheep, going from Stockbridge fair to th north of Hants had been put into a farmyard, in the occupation of Mr. Canning, to jrtop for f&e; night. Just before one o'clock^ large and substantial barn adjoining the yard'waa struck by a' terrific whirlwind, th^' force of which was so great that it completely .blew off the thatched roof and threw it amongst the 'sheep, burying almost all them. The drovers sleeping in the barn were-awakened by the noise, and extri- cating themselves from the debris immediately set to work, with the assistance of several.men, to release tbe sheep from their perilous position. It took nearly six hours to Cree all of them, and no less than twenty>e»e föund to be ¿ead,-and about twelve more were seriously injured. A smaller barn, «bout sixty yards distant, also had its roof taken off, hut only one sheep was killed out of a flook lying near it. Some ¡beeoh trees, sitrratted near the barns, had several'«r\ their boughs split and torn off The extreme vio- lence of the storm «as confined to this limited space. 