marijiiimw; bt n. waims wm ;' charts®1 XI vi arguing. tbM i'onrr. A letter to jMjss Marfe Denton louna its Vay to Commerflit... The post-marks on it vere perused with paipful patient by Mr. Lethertipof the loqal post- office, andautephidy committed to paper for the gaidftnce or the Authorities, but as the name of the most dis tant town it bore was Melbourne, and as its bruisedness and stains, and ita crampled And disreputable appearance, implied that it reached the Melbbnrne post-office per favour of disreputable people, who, if they carefully carried It, submitted it to repeated thumbings and to hasty bidiog-plftce8.it was notto be ex pected tb«® much could be gamed from the research. It was duly delivered at Dr. Kel lett's residence, and by that gentleman taken on to Camerton, where Miss, Denton was staying for the time. The old man enclosed it in a second envelope and gave it to Marie. "Read it in your own room, my child. I .■suspect it is from your father." Watching her while Bpeaking, he fonnd that the words cut her more deeply than he ■liskd imagined. \ with tfao Msignfttion on li6r , dace were the sudden closing of the eyes and the start of pain.. "Yes. Won't yon read it to me? Who has -such a right to—to know everything as you have ? You see," answering a look of con cam which he wore, *<the nervousness of the fever has not left me yet, and it is a feverish life to fear that he may return in ignorance ■of what is known. Not that I care what the result may be to myself, doctor. The; worst -shook has oome and gone. It is of yon I think, who have walked through the world j .stainless, and through all the years that have ! whitened your hair, to be at last—when the J evening should be peaceful and calm—1 'harassed and compromised by a -convict's -daughter." She took one of his hands in both tif hens. " I could bear it better if I was away where no one knew ma My dear, df Marion and yon were out of my life al together, Z ooald lire peaceably through whatever time may be before me. Your faces with trouble and desolation in them come to ■me in dreams at night Her young life— your old one. Miss Walmer, who is so prood! Think of it The papers have it the servants know it and talk of it here and in Gommer dlit Indeed, it would he better for all of us." Her hands moved np to his shoulder, and presently they were partly covered with her hair, and wet with her tears. " Marie, my child," said Dr. Kellett, speaking quite bravely and harshly, ah3 making believe with ma frowns, that were an egregious failure, that such nonsense angered him exceedingly, " your brain has been affected by your illness. You t things in a morbid, and unhealthy light _ must bear no more of this. If you "hnose to run from the old man and yonr friends here, -it will be -desertion. I had learned to live alone quite bravely, mid to think that in the •empty routine of my days, with no one to -care for, I was content It was the M of content a pale artisan'gets from a flower on ku window-ailL Since then, so to speak, I <the artisan) have seen the freshness of nature, and beam the brooks" arid the ■songs -of buds,: seen .the flowers—aye, and heard their voices for the matter of ,nLa- .u th£ smoke and moil of my life &L;?he ,arMMini7OQ «®®) i» for ever dis ££££ ApplTthU, Marie, to myself and yourself. ( eee flowers enough and nature •enough as the doctor, but I see what iw 7®!"8** in We beside me— thatM. beauty and a ohild's love—and it Is to m* ^ k£ratHrVraa 10 tb® artisan, only to me far before flowers or shruba Them. »tre not ^®PriF® me of that, and awa* ^rntoe y®ws.I eee another hearthSffiaTS h« got the old fearamftL? v«nr fond of riding. StroMSe * m " hunt uextmontlir home a!?*?1' *** ' 'OtortSK'hflfl gg®?*get her there, and IWthdfewniy wl«hon* d.t« or to. 5* .ir&sijvss;« fmhteaoe •» • «•«« of ha a I have not either jour gratitude or your respect, much. torn up ft number of others coached far dif ferently beforetofwretp what Marie read. The feeling wKltfhlfc eOvSrea Waa-untnistak ablfe. I do hot toy thatftewas not partly -risible inhis hand or his bead by&i;, bM I ja'fc ESSFSaKSSr •In thetefttIn the fallintt'enow he ehose to tSOlatfebitoeelfin tM^toaldUrknesa ofhia prospedtWesness. j-'Thefe are softie-will say the Sfcrffihe'the letter-held Wie cheap. I don't think So. * I think -the Snnnihess and beauty *nd lh*« bf his daughter- cam eup on him forciblyih the dreary diggings, andthat oh Irresistible 'sense of^seWldatbing at thh pert he bad hoted towards he* prompted Mai to write - wfckt rhe. had Written, In the hope that Bhe would forget . him. I inti tbt - beliere1 any lore for hie daughter; bit forthe letter,- which expressed it, to toy toliid, as plainly as did the dark* browed woman In the wind-belaboured tent by the roadside expreaaherlove for hers: The poatage to Melbourne, II I toay so call it, cost Mm-£10. The Beheinian-who carried it promised, without the garnishing of an oath; to do his duty, and Denton knew he would do it. Marie toad the : letter over with a feeling of hardness upon her, and again over With a quickeigh. -When afterwards she showed it-to the doctor his brows fell for a time, and he returned it without remark. "What do yoft'think of that, doctor?" "Not now, my child." But he muttered to himself, " Poor Denton!" nevertheless. . Up and down the verandah, watching the showers gloomingbefore the wind—the river whippedby it ana the'trees bowing and com* plaining at it—rolling across the plains in surges as regal arand long as the wave lines on the coast. Quite as fresh and vigorous, it was bearing with it the geu breath, and smiting every-thing as lustily as the sea itself: "What splendid weather," said Marion.' "Look at the flying clouds and-the lashed trees. There's not a pool without its mimic wavefc, and the poor old river, too. is fanming at the blows he gets; t The wind is in form to day, full of voices and cadences with the powerful hollow rolls grander than organs; Better here than 'amongst the streets and their trafficking, and the moaning breaks of blasts dismally hustling the rain. Sitting under it with a sorrow most he desolation. No sorrowful thoughts here on the plains with the vaetness of nature. I should like a wild tearing gsllftp towards tire hill yonder, only mamma would ohject-^just the day for a gulop, but hot the day for' habits.' I nope Thursday fortnight will be enjoyable. Miss Farqnharson has set her heart on your going, Marie, and we all wish it Tom says be'll lend yon Oberoh if you'll go. Miss Farquharson knows everything ; I told her at your request, being unable, nevertheless, to understand your morbid sensitiveness. She is much more anxious to have you now." " I'll go, Marion, and now just one more reference. -When is Roger coming back T' A quick colour row to Miss Walmer's face, in the creating of which the blustering wind had no part " The Tuesday before the hunt; and, my dear, I told him also. Yon should me the dear fellow's letter. I'd show it to yon only it's go mixed, yon know. He cells -me—bat that's not to the purpose. What a horseman he is, you should eee him 1 But he's better than that Marie." " If he were not he'd have no place in tire thoughts of Marion Walmer, that I know. I can see the clearness of his honest eyes In his portraits." She stopped, remembering of other honest eyes and their earnest look. The thought Bottled painfully down, and she looked wearily abroad, as hopeful of nothing from the grey blank of day. With the red on Miss Walmer's face deepen' ingi and earnestness expressed in it as it was expressed by the grace of her figure, and carriage controlled by It—" Marie, you are very ungrateful." Marie turned startled eyes to the speaker. " I repeat you are very ungrateful. Bhe detected the feeling resonance in the voice, and looked mistily bat upon the sky again. - "You throw away the best gift you can have in this world—a gtfc so rich that it is sacred. Yon wilfully turn from happiness to follow the promptings of a super-sensitive ness that may be trpced bade to one of those mysterious springs : of the human heart which, if exposed, might be found to originate in selfishness." " Ota, don't say thai* "But! do say ft.. Youoould not bear to hear Glifden spoken7 of as the husband of tbe oonriot's daughter. You oould -not bear to have* yoor children had Ms pointed to as of convict descent' Vod oould not bear-to think that you had injured hiswospects and rendered him unhappy. He;haa looked upon the future with those nnqaafllngofes of his quite as> earnestly and as deeply, believe me, Myouhave. He can bear it, and contem plate it, and long "for- it being a result of "ft he i " * - the gift he asks and hffere, and a concomitant of the possession. Who are you pleasing? For whom making tbeaacrince you hare data his] determined-on? Is it to please him and make '' happiness?" Marion, believe me it is. Yon distress me." > "Then ask him. That etmpHoity of his will speak thb truth. You have net seen Mm as Ihare; yon doat know the change that has been wroughtin hiui—not in feeling, but in bearing andfaoia are, and in feeling—in the loyalty toyou tiitfWMws; streaker and mmdevoted. Whore promptings are you following in thfai caret": 1 She swooped away with proud bearing and a light of oage m ere lobsr Intellectual faoa Marie put berhands faMether, clasping them. "Ob," tie stimmoilm the view pre rented," whatcan I do ?lfy heart tells me I'm right- The convict's daughter I Her father waitingfor the finish-of it all in some lonely tent where fbeaaewtefalling 1 'The finish f some mad effort okitruggle that will tmvel here, and lairetheflngers of those Oommerflit womenatssagsfn." What would the doctor hare repUed ti>h*r or good Margaret Bertram? "I tiiink if l wem atray some where alone I might cam the weight peace fully till the last? WooMfnptthatbe selfish, sires, too* What is this selfishness? Is every motive to be attributed to it? Heaven knows Iwouldbe happier with Mariotfaadvioe-but tMtuint <mMm-4ds feariessoees goaded hrImplied, taunts, and through me 1 I'm right a^X l m right" 8he walked away, toding as little hope as evert looking on the greywind fretting tire trees, and laying vhe msubeforeit tokrag rulings of rarest eurf. tome reversion of the eeutenoe _fc^J»d e^riMtu. Wsimer laid tredtrlr to tire cleamhunhair. and Not a word fromMr*. Wairaer, but so much hnd theiht&iptwB; B&a;*tbeJt6sslng itoes usher mena. theboisterptwaweeplng galea had a twainti ve dreaminess that&lmed;&nd; soothed her.^ MiBS^WalmePkargumenthad ^m&deher; thanin the shelter ofthehouiw? She walked, by the, river and listonetfto the shouldering* at tberheak/flttrrffed to 'excited t&epiugfef;, and catchtog teoarring panics; ehe companioned With the few flowers,' talking to them and to herselfin asspraqces as tQ the singleness and unselfishness ipf her determination, so be coihing:; strong uhWittingly, , add gaining One*day; ashaatime past, a horseman cantered; to the .stables ;ssjna time past ho undertook hie own announcement, and as in that time walked quietly hp the garden path war to find Marie,1 where he had found her before.1 fihe Was sitting with herhands folded, watching tihe leavesnttakeh with tremblings bytheimnd. \- The(old,warmth was in har.hair, and the Ba^ne neanty of her face and,figure were there, much saddened. When she looked up it was with a loWcry. not at the unexpected presence so much ss at the worn face she saw. >. < -V Oh Clifden—rising and sitting down nervously, but Iooking.at him with a hopeless expression of concern. I have not. come to intrude upon yon, Marie, hat 1 have not seen yon since yonr illness, and I could mot resist speaking to you once more, whatever the future may be which you will choose,, or the future to which yoa will condemn me." Her hands were partly raised in a depre cating way, bht she said nothing. , "Your letter contained what you called your determination, and it rendered me so weary and restless,, that against my better judgment 1 have been driven here." "'That is right, Clifden," replied the girl, with strength of purpose in net eyes, but none in her voice. ," Yonr better judgment." " Yes, my better judgment It told me I should only needlessly distress you, and that an interview—jour health being so delicate might he in jnnone; not that I think yonr de termination is just either to me or to your i Belf. It is not just to me to credit me with -the weakness of what may he said of dream [ stances that are past It does not look as though you believed in the few abrupt as | Burances I uttered on this spot for the first time, nor in the many I have spoken since. I feel," he said, hesitating painfully, "I can 1 not speak my thoughts as others can speak theirs, hut I know that I am strong and honest,,and that neither my strength nor my honesty is as strong as my love." He took off his hat, showing the drops of sweat standing on his forehead—not, in deed, showing that he was strong, bat rather showing how much stronger was the devo tion than the strength—showing lines upon his face, and the dreaminess that had grown into his eyes. " It is not that, George; you put it wrongly. The very affection I feel, and the admiration and respect yon have won of me, have made the barrier. I can only repeat what I have written before. Look at your face now, how it is worn"—she drew her hand quickly across her eyes—"so worn to me, for I have not seen it for lonely months—worn thus always by the stain of my name, beyond recall, be yond any possibility of casting off the slur— thus always. For what .do yoa take me, Clifden ? Tell me that." _ She held oqt her hands, as though putting it to him with all her supplication and loving tenderness. He pat his broad shaking head on the table of the summer-house, around which last year's creepers were hanging like ghosts, clinging battered by their withered tendrils, like brilliant hopes faded to dreary remem brances. "The wornness of my face? If it is worn, what Imm worn it ? The knowledge of the circumstances I detailed to you and your connexion with those circumstances ? They never toadied me if not for yonr Bake. They carried me no more concern than the sounds of the river there. '.Whathas worn it, Marie? Your refusal to believe in me. If you but knew the force of this devotion—the wild ness, the inexorableness of it." . As her hands had been spread towards him a moment ago, so his to her, putting to i her the whole wealth and strength of his nature. " I don't know, I don't know1. Oh, what can I say—my father a convict at large, capable of more crimes f—her face flamed. " It must be a sin to speak of my father tbuB. What can I ay or do ! Look at your face, mid the distress that has worn into it, may be to live there, and through love of me! What can I say?" - "Say nothing now, Marie, my dearest You have always believed in me, believe in mestilL Don't doom yourself and myself to nnhappiness for the fault of another. If you eVer believed in taj devotion to Jrou, and the love that makes it the most sacred feeling in my life, believe that it never will change. They ay absenpe and time may dull and : numb such fadings; I don't think it, Marie. I The happy golden months of the past will be i fadeless to me." ! She looked up with sadden brightness, i " And when the trials come, and the taunts, ! and the blemiBh on your name?" "I have told you; I have toldyou. What can I do more?'' ami -he looked strong and confident to her, as she looked bright tohim. "Marie, my care for yon is too deep to see you harried into an assent now that would cause you unhappiness, be that unhappiness never so little more than what you have felt under the change thatha* come." it seemed to her then that thus he could < not have put the case mere directly on the : grounds, of selfishness than did Marian ; Wahner as be unootwdoudy revealed the ! force and breadth othrbut sljehad said. "George, let it wat as you tnsh." ■ • Never before to him was her LVoe so bright or her beauty so danling—never before to (him were so much tenderness and warmth I °**^our hand ones wore after all that has ! passed—only your hand." 1 He hid it in his strong clasp, and, as once \ borate in the same ptaos, reverently put his \ hands npon her hair, and drew her face to | his. Teats were blinding her as she watched • biW tfmly ftwjng thijAta. ; ' K-- fa he ssid in this oounevion j that, as onoe before, the groom. who «t™ck milking on account of his sore pMm, had it joUed with asovereign, to his marked as teas® his ancestors in this light with Uudable >demohnttiopride, the thought st*aok hun ,that he uhculd be true to towwU andthe [shades of.the depart*! and toll Mr. CUf4«n ! the ooiu wasnot a shilling. He changed his | mind, however, and furtively' nibbled straw ahd flons a blessing awn him In spomng giM horsey fashion, which, frgtoi Imanoi ro* muffledimpetuosity,wasvalue | for the money. s .... 