THE UNIVERSITY. The Council of the University have at length given us some inkling of their pro ceedings. For a day or two an advertise ment has appeared in the daily papers inviting applications for the Professor ships of Mathematics and Natural Science. We presume that it will like wise appear in the leading papers of the neighboring colonies and in New Zealand. The salary offered to each Professor is £800 per annum, with the fees from students. A prospeet of increase is held out 'as the University progresses.' The applications from the colonies are to be sent in to the Registrar on or before the 9th of May next. These will be for warded, or at least such of them as may be considered suitable, to a Board in London, who have been requested to act as selectors. The ultimate decision, we understand, is vested in this Board, which consists of four gentlemen of high scientific attainments, together with Sir James Fergusson and the Agent- General, both of whom are undoubtedly qualified by educatjon and ability for the discharge of this delicate and difficult duty. The Professors are expected to arrive in Ade laide in sufficient time to commence their duties at the besrinning of April, 1876. There is nothing in the advertisement to account for the unwonted delay that has taken place. Every item of infor mation was at hand three months ago. We do not hesitate to express our con viction that the proceedings of the Coun cil have been marked by excessive caution or apathy. There was no room for difference of opinion as to the Professor ships that were required, ana not muca, we should think, as to the terms on which Professors should be engaged. So long ago aa last November we pointed out the Chairs that were imperatively needed, and we are glad to see that the Council, after four months of solemn deliberation, have come to the opinion we then expressed We venture to ask in the name of the public what excuse can be given for this unnecessary delay 1 It cannot have been from want of attention to the mere routine of Council duty, for we are told that meetings have taken place every week, and that two hours have usually been devoted to discussion. The fact is well known that decisions of de liberative assemblies depend very much on those who preside. The Chairman of most meetings has it in his power in definitely to prolong debate. But the Council meetings must have been presided over by the Chancellor or the Vice Chancellor, and Sir Richard Hanson is clear sighted, and Bishop Short is facile. Can it be that the combined weighty of the legal and ecclesiastical mind is proving altogether too much for anything like s wif fc decision ? We honestly believe that much of the delay is owing to the Council being held in secret conclave. If a fair report of proceedings had been furnished to the press week by week, public opinion would have been brought to bear upon the matters of debate. This might have guided, without unduly influencing, the opinions of the Councillors, and much precions time, the half of an entire session, might have been saved. But what of this appeal to the colonies for men suited for Professors? Applica tions are to be sent in to the Council. Such as are approved will be transmitted, ' with their opinion,' to the ' selectors' in London. Now, does any sane mian imagine for a moment that an Australian applicant will have a ghost of a chance ? Apart altogether from the depre ciatory estimate of Australian learn ing, which is known to be en tertained in England, fitness for posts like those in question, cannot be de termined solely by diplomas and reconu. mendations. Half-an-hour's conversation with a man will show whether or no he possesses the ' aptness to teach' which is a sine qtla non of a Professor as well as of a clergyman ; and if the gentlemen in London who are to select for us are judges of character and are determined to act according to their judgment, we fear they will treat the ' opinion' of the Council, however favorably expressed, somewhat cavalierly. It would have been a much better course, if there had beentime(and there wouldhavebeenample time but for this grievous delay), to have canvassed the colonies first of all. We believe there are men or. nign aiuammeuus and splendid abilities who would have applied. In all probability they will not now think it worth while. We hear that the Hughes Professors have submitted to the Council a scheme for classes during the present year. As yet University work has been something of a farce. We have heard of one or two lady students, and of a few young men who have devoted their evening hours after business to the cultivation of the classics and mental philosophy — all honor to their zeal. But to call this University education serves only to provoke a smile. Plenty of evening schools aTe doing work as high, and the classes that have .been held at the Institute and Union College in past years aimed at the same results, with an attendance three-fold or five-fold greater. If nothing better is forthcoming than was achieved last year, we venture to recommend the Council to relieve the Hughes Professors of their duties during this year, that they might give themselves up to the work of preparation forftheir future lectures. A.s it is, they can command none too much of leisure. Their clerical duties must of necessity absorb a great portion of their time. It will be better to make a good as well as a formal commencement of a genuine Uni versity curriculum when the 'elder' Professors have arrived. In April, 3876, we may fairly expect that everything will be in train. By that time no doubt the statutes of the Univer sity will be completely framed, unless the Council should deem a prolonged rest needful after their recent exertions. Four Chairs will then be filled, and pro bably funds will be sufficient for one or two Lectureships. Our readers are aware th;t it is intended to have Lecturers as well as Professors, and some may be in clined to ask what is the difference be tween them. It has been suggested that unly the Professors really lecture, and that the Lecturers only profess to ; but this must surely be a joke of some malignant. A Lecturer, as attached to a University, is one who is believed to have attained a considerable knowledge of some special subject, and who gives forth his knowledge in a series ' of lectures, without devoting his life to teaching and to preparation for it. A medical man may lecture on anatomy, a lawyer on jurisprudence, and Dr. Schom burgk on vegetable physiology, without interfering very much with their life calling and its remuneration. We may thus command special knowledge at a much less cost than we could expect to pay those whose living depended on their lectures. As soon as we learn that the curriculum of study is prepared we shall lay it before our readers, and explain all that is heedful to be done in the way of admission, and all that may be attempted for the gaining of degrees. 