FICTION. \- Una lisUA iHriw, m otker rasmia»!» » oiOîfEL CANYNGTON'S DAUGHTER. ? chamik xvn. POISONS. Far naught so vii» that on the earth doth live. Bat to the earth some special good may (¡Ive j Nor aught so good, bat, strained Irom that fair as», ., Bavoltsfrom true birth, stumbling on aba-e. -aafetpeitr«. Daryl Canyngton started back at the sight of Guton Dsiutree ; be was surprised to see him there at all and still more surprised at his looks. His face was pate and set, and his bat was pulled down over his forehead. He looked like a man who has teen some terri "le or agi- tating sight. " How jon startled me," Daryl began, but the other interrupted him. '* Will you make my apologies to your sister in-law ?" be said. "I told her I would see her this morning, but I am suddenly called away on bmineis of importance, which «¿ill keep me all night. I shall be baok early to-morrow "Mabel will miss yon less than usual to night.' " How so ?" " We have had an arrival here. Ellen hu presented me with a son." " Indeed I I trust she is doing well," " The doctor assures me that she is. I suppose tbey know, though there was cause'for serious alarm a short time since. I hope there is nothing aérions to cause this sadden journey of jours, Daintree ? You look pale and worried " " I feel so. The business is serions. You must forgive me for coming in through tbe window, but I saw the light, and so took the nearest way." " My friends are always welcome wbicherer way tbey oome. I bad some one hore on busi- ness; that was how I came in this room at this unusual time." " A woman, wasn't it ?" "Yesj why?" "The driver from Leamington told my man that he had brought a «roman here to see you that's all. I saw her going aoross the park .alf. Is she gone?" " tes." " Wbioh way did she go ?" " A* you came-through the window." " It is odd that I didn't meet her; I oame through the shrubbery " " She went the other way, perhaps." " There is no other way from this side of the boase." "She's gone any way-perhaps she flew," ?.id Daryl Canyogton, a little peerishly. " I didn't look how she went. I was glad to see the last of her-she was very troublesome. You really don't look well, Daintree. Come into the civilised part of the house, and have a glass of wine." "No", I oan't stay, thank you all the same. Hake my excuses to Mrs. Oaoyogtoo, and tell her I will see her io the morniog Good sight." He did not appear to see the hand Daryl Stretched out to him; but passed quiqkly through the window, olojed it after him, and was gone. The squire listened to his retreating foot- steps, till the soand of them died away, and | there was a wicked look on his face as he heard him vo. "What's the matter with him, I wonder ?" ha said to himself. " What does he mean by looking and speaking, as if neither Leasholm nor its master were good enough for bim ? Saw the woman come, did be ? Didn't see her go. Perhaps not, but she is gone for all that, Gaston Daintree ; sod gone where your prying ouriosity will nerer find her ?" After a moment's pause he opened the door he had olosed and fastened so carefully, and went a fa* steps into the empty passage be- yond He could net hear a sound, though he listeoed intently, except the sound of the wind io the empty place. All waa still as the grave, and, shivering all over, he shut tbe door again, locked it securely, and then put ont his lamp, and went back to the room where he had left his father-in-law. The docor mixed him a glass of brandy-and-wster, hot and strong ; but not all the spirit in the world would bare suf- ficed to warm him-his teeth ohattered on the glass, as though be had an ague fit. Dr. Parselle rallied him on bis chilliness, and recommended him to go to bed, and get warm, and Daryl promised lo obey him ; bat if he did the remedy wa« of no avail, and be pre- sented himself at the doctor's house in IiMaington very early the next day, just as bis fatber-in-law was sitting down to breakfast by himself-Mrs. Parselle being at Leasholm with her daughter. « I'm oat of sorts," be said, as an excuse for hil early visit. " I want something to set me to rights." " Oat of sorts ! You look like it. When I law roar white faoe I was afraid you were come ob Ellen's account " "No; Ellen's all right. I left her asleep. I carne about myself. 1 think I must have the ague-look I" The hand he held up for the doctor to see ?hook violently, and his teeth chattered audibly at the same time. " It looks like it," Dr Parselle ssid. " How long hare you been like this ?" He laid his finger on Daryl'» pulse as he .poke, and scrutinised his face attentively " All night," was the answer. " For Heaven's sake give me something to stop "it. No; not tea, nor coffee-I couldn't swallow a drop : it would choke me." * What has upset you like thia ?" " I don't know." " Waa it that woman ?" " Oh, 001 I was annoyed, of course ; but that wai soon over- Bhe didn't stay long." "Come aloag to my drug room," the dootor ?aid ; " and I'll try and pat yon to rights. I'll .top that shivering at aoy rate." Daryl sat down, still shaking all over, in the little room the doctor used for drugs and pri- vate experiments, and watched his father-in-law Compound a draught in a graduated glass. In a minute or two it was ready, and he wag bid- den to drink it. " It will warm yon, and pat some life into yon," Dr. Parselle said " I never knew it to tail." It wai a strong stimulant-hot and pungent aa well ; and Daryl Caoyngton felt revived even while he "Wai swallowing it. The colour came haak to his cheeks and lips, and he could bold himself still onoe more, when be rose, sod went to the doctor's side. " Tbat cupbo»rd of yours is a useful place," he said, looking at tbe ranges of bottles on the .helve«, whence the doctor bad taken the ingre- dients for his draught. " Yttj useful ; but very dangerous." " Dangerous 1 flow ?" "If meddling fingers get there," the dootor replied. " Ob, poisons there-is chat it ?" "Enough to depopulate Leamington-look at this tiny bottle. I bold tbe lives of fifty people hetweeo my finger and tbumb " He took up a little phial, not more than an ioeh high, full of white powder, as be spoke, and then carefully put it back in its own hole ii a ipeeial stand. i " A* dootor has awful power in his grasp," he ?aid, quietly. " Death or maduess are in his hands, if1 be does not fear the hangman." " Madness !" "tee." . " Bat eau a doctor produce that ?" "Certainly." «HowT "By means of drugs. Here is one. Small doses of this, continued for some time, will undermine the strongest brain. No one's reason .aa defy it for long." Ile showed his son-in-law a bottle, as he spoke, .obtaining a pale brown fluid, and Daryl re« fWded it »Wenti-ely. " What kind of madoess does that potent compound bring about ?" he asked, in a careless sort of way. '-. " I don't know that madness is the exact word to use, after all. That implies noise and violence; that is not the effeot-it is more imbecility and softening of the brain-i person takiog it would become an idiot, not a raving madman." " And is tbe effeot glow ?" " No ; rery rapid. It destroys all the mental faoultiei, and sets the brain wandering. It is rery useful as a medioine, for all ita daogeroui properties." "How?'* " Mostly as a sedatirs ; it is very efficacious in soothing aoale pain of any sort." " Just the thing for me, then. Give me some to take home with me " " You I What for ?" "Oh, for those oursed spasms I bare so badly,' the pain is maddening when it oomes on and while it lasts." Dr. Parselle had never heard of his son-in law's spasms before, and he looked at him in surprise. " I couldn't give it to anyone like this," he said. " I should run the risk of being a murderer, if I let it go out of the bouse in that shape. I'll mix you some properly, and let you hare it, if you want it." " Ob, very well ; I don't want to poison myself. Here's your fellow looking for yon." The doctor's servant entered as he spoke to say someone wanted his master; and Dr. Par- selle left the room with a word of apology to his ion-iu-law. He did not lock, or even shut the door of the cupboard which contained tbe poisons. Daryl Oanvngton was no inquisitive ohild, nor misehievous boy, that could not be trusted in a room alone, and be never thought of bis meddling with anything. He did meddle-he was too keenly interested, for some reison or other, in what his wife's father had said, to let things alone. He took up the bottle again, shook it, smelt it, and finally wetted hit finger with the oontents, and put it to his lips. " Tasteless 1" he said to himself, with a emile; " or so nearly so sato be by no meat, s unpleasant. I am afraid I muse bave a little in oate my spasms should come on soon. I'll be very careful what I do with it my dear father in-law." He smiled in a disagreeable, wioked sort of way, as be looked about him for a phial When be found one, be abstracted part of the contents of the bottle, and replaced it on the shelf, cork- ing the pbial tight, and putting it in his pooket. "I see my way," he muttered. "Thanks to this. Afraid to let me hare it was be ? because it makes men mad-destroys their faculties I'll take care; but I see light, Iaee the turning of the long lane, and all out of this little bottle." '* You're looking better," was Dr. Parselle's oomment, when he returned. " That draught is a true 'pick-me-up.' I never knew it to fail." " Yes ; I feel quite set up-I'm a new man. Drive me home if yon are going my way ; I want to send my man into the town, and I want to get home-I've some business to attend to." Business I Yes, truly ; to see that his handi- work of the night before was well and seeurely done. He had not been able to nerve himself to go into his study yet. He had been to the door ; and bis hand had refused to open it, in a kind of wild dread of what be might encounter. He knew the body of the unfortunate woman must be safe where it bad fallen ; none of his household would approach that part of the mansion after dark for a month's wages ; and there was no open- ing in the celler-like vault into which she had fallen, save a rusty grating under the shrubs by his study window. He knew she was safe, but be could not get out of the idea that if he opened the door she would be there to oonfront bim, -nd he wanted to gather oourage to lift her up and bestow her somewhere else. There was a deep hole in the further- most corner of the vault, that looked like a shaft or staircase.. It was deep, but he did not know how deep, nor what its use had ever been, and it bad a roughly-oonatruoted wooden oover, most likely made to prevent acoidents. If be could only get the corpse of Grace Dertrieobsen down there, his seoret would be safe for ever. The effect of the draught he had taken was passing away, and he was shivering with nerv- ous dread once more, when at length he sum- moned up oourage enough to enter his former study. He drew down the Venetian blinds, and turned them ; no one must see what he was doing, and theo be very oarefully and noiBt lessly opened a oupboard in the wall, ai d took out matches and a dark lantborn. After this he looked the door of oommuniostion with the house, and went into the passage. " What a fool I am 1" he said to himself, as he wiped the cold perspiration from his face. " Bah 1 it will soon be over 1 Out of sight, out of miod, tbey say ; and I'll soon have it oat of sight down the old hole there. She won't get out of there in a barry." He threw the dor open at he spoke, and stepped through, the rush of oold air making him shiver as with an ague fit, and nearly ex- tinguish ing his lamp. " Sbe has slipped quite to the bottom," he muttered, holding the light high above his bead the better to see what be wanted, but no light, however bright, ceuld show bim ougbt but the empty steps, with the hideous blood stains bis bands had made. Grace Dertriechsen was not there, and, with a dumb inarticulate gasp of horror and dismay, Daryl Caoyngton staggered back from the place, and leaned, breathless and panting, against the wall. Tbe frightful blood-splashes stained the steps, and a hideous black pool lay at tbe bottom, but no corpse was to be seen. He was sure bis.aim had been straight and true, and he had struck deep enough to kill the strongest man. What then was the olue to this horrible mystery ? The woman could not have got out, even if she had had life enough left in her to orawl away Irom tbe spot where she had fallen ; she | must be there somewhere, and he strove to nerve himself to go down, and see in which of the dark corners she might be lying. She was not in any of them, and he looked at the old well or shaft. The cover was off-could it be possible she had crawled tnere in striving to escape, and fallen in ? He could see nothing with the lamp he carried bat the dark sides of the place ; and the creeping things that shrank and 6Cudded away, as the light fell on them, and he could not rest till he did see. To be able to do so be bad to go back to the study for a piece of cord lo3g enough to let bis lantborn down, and, fortified with a glass of brandy, he returned, and began to lower it rery carefully into the blaok abyss. Chawib XVTU. A BLOOD-STAIN. Hy band will rather The multitudinous sea» lnoamadlne, staking the green one red. -Shakespeare. Long and earnestly Daryl Canyugton gazed down into the black shadows that the fitful light of the lantern only very feebly illumined. His shaking bands threatened every moment to drop the light that was to tell him so muoh, and a sick horror possessed him that the woman be was seeking would rise up out of tbe darkneBS around him, and lay her hand on his shoulder. He grasped the rope with sick eagerness, for he felt that if he dropped the lamp, and were left in total darkness in that horrible deatb-vault be should lose his lenses, go mad, and perhaps be found there shrieking out his seoret to the atones and blood- stains. " She must be here," he muttered ; " there is no other place. Ha ! Wbat is that ?" "That" wag something bright-coloured, lying at the bottom of the hole. The light had reaohed it at last, and he knew it in a moment, for tbe rather vivid-coloured plaid shawl Grace Dertrieobsen bad worn when be was talking to ber tbe night before. He conld not see tbe body-she had fallen so that tbe shawl almost completely covered it The bright colours of the plaid, and a heap of something white petticoats, doubtless-were all he could see by that fitful light. " ¡-be lived long enough to save me the trouble of throwing her down," he muttered, as he tagged at the heavy cover to pull it over the opening. " She's safe enough there,and I must fill tbis plaoe up by degrees. It won't be difficult to keep everyone away from tbis part of the boase Tbey shall hear ghosts enough-ay, and see them, too-if they are troublesome-to make them keep away from this wing for ever." It was a tremendous load off his mind to find that his victim was really there; bat his face would not regain its colour, nor his teeth stop [ chattering, even when he had got back to his room, and removed all traoea of his underground search. He put away his lamp, and drew up the blinds., letting in the bright sunshine and fresh air, and then went into the garden. " All is safe now," he said, half aloud. "All what, Darri ?" ?--^-^-w^w^---^--. He started as though'he had been shot, aud found himself face to face with his sister-in-law. " What is safe?" she asked. "Safel Was I talking ?" " Well, you said that much," she replied gaily, "and in the most melo-dramatio of tones, too. What ig the mighty all that is so safe? Is anyone coming to besiege Leasholm, and bare you been makiog preparations to reoeive the enemy." " Yes, in one sense. The air was besieging the old study yonder, and the window-bolts were not calculated to defy thieves, and I have been putting tbem to rights ; that is all." " And so ' all is safe,' " she said, mimicking the way in wbioh he had spoken. " I thought your tragedy tone must mean murder or high- way robbery at the very least. A man doesn't go into eostactes over listing a window or mend- ing a bolt." " Dont, Mabel 1" There was something in his tone that made her look into his drawn white face with a cry of dismay. " I beg your pardoo, Daryl," she said. " I didn't mean any harm." " You haven't done any, birdie. I'm not rery well this morning, that's all. Were you seeking me that you came round here ?" " Yes. Tve been looking for yon every- where." "What for?" " Ellen is asking for you, that's all." " She is not woree, is she ?" "Ob, no; she's very well. She wants to see you." " I waa just coming to her when your pretty face appeared to me. Does it ever itriko you, Queen Mab, tbat you are prettier than ever Gaston Daintree ought to be a proud and a happy man." " Queen Mab" was the pet name bestowed by Beatrice on her sister-in-law, and it suited her well. There was something essentially fairy- like about the bewitobing little widow. "Don't talk nonsense," she said, with a langh. She liked to be told she was pretty, to be petted and caressed, and ehe was rery fond of ber " big brother Daryl," as she was wont to oall him. " It's true if it is nonsense," he said, laying ' bia band on ber shoulder. " Why, Mabel, what is the matter ?" She bad recoiled from bim with a look of wild affright upon her face, and was pointing to hi» hand, which was smeared with blood. " What is it ? What hare you done ?" she asked. " Gat my finger, you nervous little pats. I thought it had stopped bleeding, though. Dou't look so soared. I'll go and get some water." His voice was slightly tremulous, for the sight of tbe blood brought back a very vivid memory of what 'lay at the bottom of the old shaft. He remembered that he had picked up a glove whiob lay at the bottom of the old steps, and flung it down on Graoe Dertriecb een's body. He must bave smeared his fingers then. " There's Daintree coming," he said to his sister-in-law, as a footstep sounded on the gravel somewhere. "Say good morning to bim for me. I'll go and olean off the traces of tbis soratoh." Gaston Daintree looked rery pale and oare worn as he stooped his lips to tbe bright, blooming face Mabel lifted to greet him. He had no answering smile for her, bat he sighed as be folded her in bis arms. " What is the matter ?" she asked anxiously. " Are jon ill ?" " No dear ; only worried." warugi «v...... v> " »» um. auouti " A very serious business, Mabel dear-one whiob I oannot discuss even with you-at least not now." " Have you bad bad news from anywhere ? I don't like to see you look so, Gaston-or any losses ?" "No,dear." . "Mayn't I know now?" " You may know that I hare been up all night, dear, whioh will account for my looks." " I thiok you are too good to your people, Gaston. You saorifice your health and strength too muoh for them. But who is so ill aa that near here f" "No one you know, dear. I have been tend» ¡og one who is siok, helpless, and alone, and who baa been terribly near death ; but I trust she will recover now." His toue was so serious aDd earnest that Mabel looked at him in perplexity. She could not make bis manner out at all. "Poor thing!" she said, simply "Bat come io and have something io eat. Yon bave been riding without your breakfast, I know." " Yes ; I have. You may give me a glass of wine and a cruet of bread ; 1 cannot manage anything else. Take me Bomewbere where we can bo alone, Mabel dear; I want to speak to you." His manner puzzled her rery much. He was so serious-so unlike his usual self, that she was frightened ;' bat she led the way to the pretty little room that was always called hers, and to whioh the rest of the household seldom oame, and rang for the refreshment he needed. " What is tt, Gaston ?" she asked, nestling close to bim. " I want you to trust me, Mabel." " Trust you ?" " Yes, implicitly." " So £ do always, in everything," she said, lovingly. " You know I loie you, darling-I kuow you love me I am going to put your love to the test, my darling." " Test I Ou, (¿aston, are you going away ?" " No, dear, I want you to come away from Leasholm with me. I want you to marry me at once, and get away from tbis fatal bouse " " Fatal bouse I Why wbat do you mean ? What bas happened ?" " Nothing, dear, nothing. I did not mean to use so strong a word. I love you so, my Mabel \--I long so to bare you in your place as my wife that I am possessed by some iusaoe fear of some- thing between us to end oar happiness " " What can come between us ? We are both free to do as we like, are we not ?" " I don't thiok anythiog will-I hope not I pray to Heaven not ; bat there may. Mabel, tbere is an awful secret banging over Leasholm, a secret of such misery, that, lest it should touch you, I want you to let me take you away to the shelter of my home and name." " Surely, Gaston, you must be dreaming," she sa'd in amazement. " A wioked thing at dear old Leasholm ! It ean't be." " I would not urge you, love, did I not know 1 spoke the truth Daryl Canyogton's house is no plaoe for you, or I would not ask you to leave it. Think it over, and when I oomo this even- ing, Bay yes. You shall never regret it." ". He strained ber to bis breast and kissed her passionately, and left her with a fervently uttered prayer for her safety till he could claim her, and take her away from Leasholm for ever. Mabel wondered much why ehe should not be as Fife aa usual in her brother-in-law's house. She said the little word he wanted when he carne again io the evening, and left it to Gaston to announce to her brother-in-law that tbey meant to be married in a month from that time. Daryl was specially courteous to Gaston Daintree, but tbat gentleman, to Mabel's won- derment, seemed to ignore bis oourtesy alto- gether, even taking no notice of the squire's offered hand, either on his arrival or departure Mr. Canyngton seemed to have quite got over his dislike to Mabel's leaving Leasholm, and to be rather anxions to let ber go. " We hive done our best to make her happy here," be said; " but she will be bappier witb you, Daintree; ber heart bas beeu at the Beotory for some time past " Gaston Dainiree's reply w=s something cart, and scarcely eiril. " I know Mabel's wishes bare been most oare fully attended to in everything," be said ; " not without a strong motive on your part, I dare say " " I have had no reasons but tbe desire for Mabel's comfort and happiness," said Daryl CanyogtoD, flushing scarlet to the very roots of his bair, and turning abruptly away from the rector, who seemed, he scarce knew how, to have tamed into an avenging Nemesis, to pry into his most secret thoughts and actions. Tbere was no basile of preparation at Leas- holm for the forthcoming wedding Mabel went about as usual, doing wbat tbere was to be done io a way to attract no atteniion from outsiders. It was to be a very quiet affair-no guests Ellen would be scaroely well enough to receive friends, and M»bel did not o ire to have it known tbat she was going to make each a great change in her life. The days flew quickly by ; Buen and the baby throve apace, and Daryl bad apparently quite recovered from the indisposition which had made him look and seem so haggard and ill. A shadow bad sprang up between him and Gaston Daintree ; their old warmth of manner (Mined to har* quite vanished, ina left instead only an ioy kind of oivility. They were polite to eaob other-nothing more. A very few days after the wedding day had been fixed, Mabel was sitting with Daryl and- - Ellen in the dressing-room of the latter. Though still weak, Mrs. Daryl Oaoyngton wag quite well enough to be very much interested in the wedding preparations, and to tboronghly enjoy disoussiog the various artioles bought for the trousseau. Mabel was nursing the new arrival, and Daryl was lazily turning over the leaves of a book. A happy, innocent family party, from whioh the hideous festering tbing in the vault seemed as far removed aa light from darkness. But Daryl wag thinking of it with a sick chill at bis heart, though ho was aotor enough to look up with a smile as the child stirred on Mabel's knee. " He's going to ory, Queen Mab," he said. " Look how he's wrinkling his mouth np. Ab, here's Mrs. Webber 1 Take him away, nurie, before he begins." The nurse took the ohild, and held out a oard to ber master. " Person wants to see you, sir," she said ; and there was a strange look on her face as she spoke. " Nonsense I I can't see anyone. Send him away." " He won't go, sir. Maybe you'd better go ; he may make a disturbance, perhaps." Again the same look oame over her faoe, and Daryl Canyngton read a peouliar meaning in her eyes. He took tbe oard with a hand that be vainly tried to steady, and read the name, " Hans Dertneohsen." Chapter XIX. A DISCOVEBBD SECBXT. Oh, what a tangled web we weave, When Irat we practise to deceive.-Scott. The fortunes of Beatrice Caoyogton after she left Leasholm, and settled down asa doctor's wife, were particularly p'osiic. Hugh Carlisle loved his wife with an honest, manly love-not the blind infatuation that sets its darling on a pedestal to be feted and worshipped, to the amusement of the rest of the world, but with a wholesome, enduring affection, which is not blind to failings, out which has a keen eye to perfections, and which trusts with a faith that is born of trae love Tbey were very happy, the dootor and his wife. Beatrice had none of the One-lady air9 whioh are apt to mark the woman who has rather stooped in the match she has made ; and tbe dooior bad a bonhomie of manner tbat won all beans, and did more tbao anything to obtain bim fresh palien 1b. Only one grief carne to them in their well appointed home to disturb their quiet existence, and this sorrow was the failing health of their only child. Little Hugh Daryl Carlisle was a puny, feeble boy, with nooe of tho exuberant life of a three-years-old ohild, and now and then seeming on the very verge of the grave. Bea- trice had a splendid constitution, and Hugh Carlisle's phys- que was perfect, so that the delicacy of the boy was incomprehensible. Beatrice mourned over it as mothers do, and in her heart of hearts she envied her sister-in-law the brood of healthy young plagues, whose un ruly behaviour aod spoiled ways made a Pande- monium of the nursery regions at Leasholm. Her busband, loving hw boy second only to his beautiful mother, was tortured with the know- ledge that not all his skill could avail to bring him health. One day be startled his wife by a rather aurious remark. He bad aome in very tired, and was looking very pale and sad. She bad said something about the boy, and he looked up and said, suddenly and shortly " It is a judgment on me." "A judgment 1" she repeated. " What- ever do you mean, Hugh ?" " Just wbat I »ay, my dear," he replied, rery sadly. " That boy's weak state is a judgment on me. I once wronged a little ohild, and this ia my fitting punishment." Beatrice was quite frightened, there was snob, a strange look on his face. She knew how dearly be loved his boy, and how deeply he felt the child's illness; but There was something more the matter with him than tbat. " You are out of spirits to-night," she said, putting her ariiig round hia neck. "I don't believe you ever did a wilful wrong to anyone in your life. There's no suoh sin as that to lay to your charge. You are overtired, and see the black side of everything. "Perhaps I do, dear. I have a splitting beadaobe ; but I have spoken tbe truth, for all that. Once in my life I did a great wrong, and somehow or other the remembrance of it is weighing me dowo to-night." " Bat you can remedy it, ean you not ?" "No." " Whv not ?" [ " It was a ohild I wronged, dear-a helpless little infant; it is dead now, and nothing I I could do oould mend the mischief I could have prevented had I chosen." " But its parents, Hugh ?" "It had no father, poor helpless baby! and its mother-ah, don't talk about it now-it is weighing me down, crushing me with a hand of iron !" - He let bis bead drop wearily on the anshions of his ohair as he spoke, and Beatrice saw thai bis eyes were glittering and bia cheeks flushed She made bim lie down, and rang for his assis- tant.' It was as much as be could do to give bim what directions were needed for taking bis place. " Yon mast go out instead of me, Harris," he said " Apologise for me to Mrs. Debenham Brown, and ask Dr. Musoat to take my rounds in the morning. I have a terrible headache, and I am afraid worse may follow." Worse did follow, and very speedily. Before night Hugh Carlisle was very ill, and the next day another physician was going his rounds, and all the fashionable world knew tbat one of their pet physicians was very ill indeed of typhus fever, caught Heaven only knew where and bow Beatrice resisted all t sorts to draw ber away from ber husband's side. She sent her boy and his nurse away to healthy, airy lodgings by Barnet Common, and nursed him with the un- tiring love that outdoes all doctors' skill in a sick-rojm. All through tbe wild delirium of the fever, when Hugh raved of things and iooidenta of the past, she tended him without any fear, and bore up as the bravest woman can- not always do, till one day, without any assign- able reason, tbere oame a strange change in her. She was very pale and thin, as might be ex peoted, but there oame into her face and manner a curious hard expression, as though she were repressing something that caused her intense pain. The dcotors, who told her that her husband would live, and that, under Heaven, he would owe his life to her oar*, wondered at the apa- thetic way io whioh Bhe received the news ; they little thought that in ber careful watohing she lad learned the secret of her husband's life, and the reason her brother had for consenting bo readily to their marriage. She thought over all the oiroumstances of that bygone time, from Mabel's arrival from India to the birth of the ohild; she remem- bered vividly now tbe nurse's confusion over the baby's sudden death, and the strangeness of Hugh's maoner when be assured her he could make Daryl agree to all he proposed. « He mast atone," Bbe said to herself, as she watched him sleeping. " Atonement and resti- tution must be made ; but bow ?" Ia a few weeks Dr. Carlisle was able to get downstairs, and think about recruiting his shat- tered strength by a short time out of town. He was too well known and liked for his practice to have suffered, and be wag going to take a fort- night in Devonshire, with Beatrice and little Hugh, while the sweet summer weather was at its brightest At ílfraojmbe, for the first time, he noticed the curious change that bad come over his wife It was only natural she should be pale and weary-he bad seen that; but that was the effect of confinement, which ehange of air should have taken away. He saw now the list- less apathy whioh came between ber and every kind of eujoyment whatever. .' You bare sacrificed too muob for me, my darling," he said. " I don't like to see you like this. I think I must oarry you off to Leasholm, and tee what your native air will do for you." "No, not there," she said, with a sick shiver, drawing a little away from bim as she spoke. He looked at ber somewhat curiously. " Beatrice, darling, what is it ?'' he asked. " Wbat bas oome between us?" " Your secret, Hugh." " My whet?" "Your secret." He looked at her in perplexity for a moment, and then he understood what she meant. "You know it?" . "Yes." " Erom me V " Yes ; in your delirium. Oh, Hugh, what prompted you to hide my brother's sin ?" " To win my wife." "Thechild must be found, Hugh-the sin must be atoned for." " My dear girl, it is dead. I have almost certain knowledge that the tramp who took it away, and the infant, are both dead. Nothing oan be done." " Something must be done," she said, ex oitedly. " It may not be too late I I oan un- derstand now, Hugh, that our boy's health may, indeed, be a judgment for the wrong done to that helpless baby. We must undo the past, Hugh. Poor Mabel! Poor girl ' Who will tell her the troth ?" "No one, dear, till there is something to tell," Dr. Carlisle said, gravely. "You must not forget, my dear, that if the child is dead (as I firmly believe it is), your brother is the rightful owner of Leasholm, and nothing that could be said or done oao make bim other- wise. It would only be inflioting useless pain now to proolaim the story to the world unless we oould produce and identify the ohild." " That would be impassible." "I think not." " Why ?" "It had the Canyngton ' web.' You remem- ber your brother's hand ; there were the marks left where it had been divided when he was an infant. The baby's was just the same." " But I saw it," Beatrioe said. " Mrs* Webber showed it to me after the dootor had cut the fingers apart." " Ab, my dear, they were rery clever, but they were in too great a hurry." " Wbat do you mean ?" " Tbey had cut the wrong hand, that was all. I should have been completely tricked, bat for that." It was a great relief to Hugh Carlisle to know tbat Beatrice knew the seoret which had been weighing on his mind : and they began immediately to take steps to find ont what bad become of the girl who had taken the obild away. Advertisements were sent to all the principal papers, asking for tidings of Insta Gwynne, a tiamp, who left War- wickshire on the date specified therein. Daryl Canyngton read it in the 7Ymes with consterna- tion and dismay, little thinking who inserted it Insta's faithless lover read it in his miserable home, and wondered whether lotta could have oome into a fortune, and whether he had not [ better have married her than the shrewish woman who made life suoh a burthen to him ; and the authorities at Marazioo read it, and promptly returned an answer to tbe effect that the said Insta Gwynne bad been found dead just outside their town, and had been duly buried by the parish. There waa no ohild with her, nor had one been heard of by them.'1 " We are foiled so far," the dootor said. "I am inclined to think the child must be dead." " I could almost wish it might be," Beatrice replied. " We must think what next to do." A week more, and their brief holiday was at an end. One visit the doctor had to pay to a friend at the queer quaint-little-old world town of Tiverton. They would stay there one night, and then the train would bear them back to the old routine of their daily life. " Is this your idea of a quiet town, Hugh ?" B.-atrioe asked as tbey drove through a Urge, open space, part of which was a very Babel of confusion with all the din and revelry of a country fair. " Why, it is like Bedlam broken loose. Let us walk through it, by and by." " My dear Beatrioe I" " Ob, do ! I have'nt seen a oountry fair for yeara. I should like to renew my acquaintance with thom amazingly. Tbere seems a grand - array of shows." " Well, put on something dark, and we will, if you like." Plainly attired, they went out, and mingled with the surging crowd that laughed and squabbled, and joked, under the light of the flaming naphtha lamps that bung in front of all tbe booths It was as light as day, and the fan was at ita height. Entering into the spirit of the scene, they went the round of the shows, and saw all the wonders that showmen have to exhibit-wonder- ful dwarfs, fat ladies, learned pigs-till Beatrice declared that her brain would turn at the sight of any more monstrosities, and tbey turned to leave the place. Outside the circle of the fair proper they carne upon another exhibition-a novel one to both of them-a gipsy oamp, all railed in and arranged for inspection, brilliantly lit up, and intensely theatrioal looking. The tout ensemble made by no means an unpleasant picture-the dark-skinned men, the gaily-dressed girls, and the white tents, looked pretty, and tbe doctor and his wife paused a moment to look at the crowds wbioh were pouring in. " Shall we go in ?" Beatrioe asked. " Do you tbink tbey are real gipsies ?" "No; I suspect it is some speculation, per- haps, of some strolling manager who has got them and their belongings together. We'll go in and have a look at them, if you like." A few words to the mau at the gate of the endosare convinced Dr. Carlisle that the gip- sies were no theatrical shams, but the real arti- cles, and they looked about them with real in- terest when tbey bad pissed the barrier. Bea- trice won the hearts of the women by a few kindly words and some purchases (which were magnificent in amount in their eyes) of the varions articles tbey bad to sell, and her bus band chatted with the men, and asked them questions about their way of life. They answered him readily enough, showing no particular reticence on the subject, and in- troduced them to the wrinkled, withered old crone who claimed to be queen of the entire gipsy fraternity. By tbe way, every travelling tribe has the " real original" queen with them, so the name of her majesty is legion. "Let my mammy tell your fortune, pretty lady." Beatrice felt her dress pulled by a little hand .as the words were spoken, and looking donn she met a pair of bright, dark eyes, and saw a little child, of wondrously engaging beauty, looking np at her with an eager face Mrs Carlisle laughed at the request, and patted the little head, with ita ringlets of shin- ing hair, for the child, her brief sentence spoken, bad been seized with a sudden fit of shyness, and her faoe was hidden in the lady's dress. " Where is mammy, little one ?" Beatrice asked, and the ohild pointed to one of the gaily bedizened tents. " In there," she replied ; bat she would not look up. The dootor took hold of her with a gentle olasp, . " I want my fortune told," he said ; " but you must tell it me. See here what you shall have when you have told me all the pretty things you hare been taught to say." He held out a half-crown in the palm of his band, and the child looked up, and stretched out her hand for it, with the eagerness which comes of teaching such as hers had been. He took the little brown fingers in bia hand, and was just going to say some kindly words to the tiny elf, when his wife saw bis face suddenly tarn ashy wbite, and his eyes dilate aa if with some unspoken terror. He turned the child to the light, and looked at her with sn earnest searching gaze tbat almost frightened Beatrice, it was so intense. " It is the left hand ?" Bhe heard him mut- ter. " TA« hand 1 Whatghallldo?" " Hogh 1" His wife's voioe recalled bim to himself a little, though he still shivered as with intense cold. " What is it, dear ? Are you ill ?" « No, no." " Then what ails yon?" " Nothing ; but look here, Beatrice-look at tbis ohild-iook at her face-look at ber band -tbey are your brother'a own ! As I am a living man, I believe we have found his daugh- ter in this little girl." Beatrioe was frightened and bewildered by his looks and manner ; she saw the little hand lying in his, with the curions malformation rery apparent, as the child moved her fingers ; she saw her dead brother's face, but with Mabel's Boft, earnest eyes looking at her from under the cloud of clustering euria, and she began to feel giddy, and to wonder whether all around her was real. The tents and the strsngely shifting crowd be¿an to swim and grow shadowy before her. She was weaker than she knew herself, from the long watch- ing in her husband's sick room, and the sudden feeling that oame over her that her husband's conviction was a true one, and that the ohild was really, the one tbey sought, was too much for her. The thought of all that would happen at Leasholm, of the disgrace that would fall upon Daryl, overoame her altogether; Bhe grew quite giddy, and only her husband's arm kept her from falling to the ground. A little crowd gathered round them in an instant, bat the dootor only begged a glass of water from one of the tents, and in a few minutes Beatrioe was herself again, and able to walk to the gate. Dr. Carlisle stopped a minute or two to speak to the man in charge of the entranoe. " I should like to see that little girl again," he said. " When I hare taken my wife home, I will return." " Whiob little girl, sir ? One of our people ?" " I presume so. A little creature with the fingers of her left band webbed ; »he wanted us to hare our fortunée told." " Oh, little Mara," the man replied. " Cer- tainly, sir. You oao see her." " Has ibe a mother?" "Yes, sir." Zara was always oil led the ohild'g mother, and believed to be so by many, eren of their own people, who did not know all the little one's history. Dr. Carlisle went back, but there was no Zara there, and wherever she was she bad taken the ohild with her. Zara had notioed the gentle- man's surprise and the lady's agitation, and had drawn her own oonoluiiong; so she and her little girl weat to see the shows, and where nowhere to be found. The dootor waa very civilly received, and told the woman might oome back or she might not no one knew where she was gone. The gip- sies were willing enough to tell him anything else. The child's name was Mara-ber mother's Zara. The tribe was going away towards Dartmoor, but any information he wanted they would send. Somehow he did not heitere what he had heard, but there was no more informa- tion to be got, and he waa obliged to be eon tent. The next morning the gipsies were gone; nothing was left of them tare the marks where their oamp had been ; and Dr. Carlisle's holi- day was drawing to a close. He left instruc- tions with the superintendent of police at Tiver- ton to find out for him where the tribe went, and, if possible, whether tbe little girl was really the daughter of the woman Zara. He gare his true address, and that of a Bristol hotel where he purposed staying a night or two. At the latter place be received a letter from the officer, which ended at onoe all anxiety about little Mara. Tiverton, August 8th, l8-. Sir,-In accordance with your request that I should forward any information I could obtain rela- tive to the gipsy tribe in which you were Interested, 1 have to inform you that the child Mara and her mother are both dead. The tribe moved from here to Barnstaple, camping on a common near the town, and, while there, a fins broke out among their tents and carriages in the night. Four of them lost their lives-two being the woman Zara and her i child. They would appear to have been auffocated in their bed ; tbe other two-an imbecile old man and on infant-being actually roasted alive in one of the wagons. I have obtained proper certificates of the deaths, which I enclose, also a copy of the Western Times, with an account of the catastropha There can be no possible doubt of the identity of the parties mentioned. I am, sir, your obedient servant, John Baker. The enclosures were deoisive enough, and Hugh Carlisle laid down the papen with a sigh of Tehei. " There's an end of it now," he said, " whether it was the ohild or not ; there's no need to tell anyone now ; but I would haye done all in my power to atone and make restitution-I would indeed, Beatrice." " I am sure you would," Mrs. Carlisle said. " Perhaps it is best as it ig." The subjeot waa dropped between them from that time, and each of them strore as far as they were able to forget it had ever arisen. j Chapter XX. ? WHAT HANS DBETKIKCHSKN WANTED AT LEAS- HOLM. But theJlDgUng of the guinea help» Um bart that honour leel». -TtnHfou. When Daryl Canyngton read the name on the card handed to him by Mrs Webber, Mabel looked at his white face with alarm. " What'a the matter, Daryl 7" she asked. " Nothing, dear. A man baa come on busi- ness, that's all-whom I must see. I didn't want to be bothered with anyone to-day I won't be long. Where is he, Mrs. Webber V " In the old study, sir." There was an emphasis on the " old," and Daryl Canyngton replied, angrily and shortly : "Why do they persist in taking people there ? It is the doo tor's room. However, it is of no consequence.. Don't tell Ellen I seemed annoyed," he added, to Mabel, ia a low tone. " It ia nothing, I daresay." " He looks as if it waa something," she thought, as he went on. " Whatever has come to him, and to Gaston, too, theae last few dayl ? There's some mystery going on that I don't understaad a bit " Daryl found a pale, aiokly looking man wait* ing for him in the study, who greeted bim re- spectfully, bat with no manner of servility. " Yon are Mr. Dertriechsen, I présame," he said. " Yes, sir." " You wished to see me?" "I did, sir." " May I ask what for f Hans Dertrieobsen looked straight into Daryl Canyngton's faoo-a face into whioh not one trace of colour would come baok-glanced round the room, with a keen, questioning eye, and then replied, quietly : " I carne here for my wife, Mr. Ganyogton." « Van» »¡ft. t" " Yes; my wife, Grace Dertrieehien" " I do not quite understand you, I think." " I'll try to be plain, sir. Twelve days ago my wife left me in Plymouth to come to thu place. She had to see you on busineis which would briog her money, she said. I did not know then what it waa ; I eould trust my wife, and I did not seek to know more than she ohoie to tell me." " Few men would hare pat inoh faith in a woman, Mr. Dertrieehien." " Perhaps not, sir. / hare had no reason to do otherwise My wife told me when she started, that if I did not see or hear from her in one week, I was to read a letter she left me to read, whioh contained the secret of her busi- ness with yon, and to oome straight to this bouse in searoh of her. I want to know where she is, if you pi jasé, sir." With all bis effrontery, Daryl eould not meet the eye of tbis man with straightforward determined manner, and he busied himself at the cupboard in ¿he corner of the room, getting out decanters and wine glasses, while he talked to him. " Your wife waa Grace Nesbit once-a resi- dent iu this parish for a long time." " She might be, sir; I oan't gay. I nerer asked her where she lived. She's been a good, true wife to me ; and that waa all 1 wanted to know " " Still I am at a loss to anderstand why yon come to me about her now. Sit still, I beg. I She oertainly toa* here, bat it is more than a week ago. I hare not seen or heard of any- thing of ber since." " Ob, she wat here ?" " Surely ; she was not in the house more than an hour altogether. Let me gire yon a glass of wine, Mr Dertrieohsen. This room ii a baobelor's den, as yon see, and I keep thinga to my band, and wait on myself. Here are pert and sherry-or, perhaps, you would like spirits better." " No, thank you, sir. I don't feel as though I could take anything," Hans replied. " I'm too uneasy about my wife. Yon gay she was here, and went away again ?" " She was here, and she went away. She left the boase by the rery window by whioh you are sitting. Yonder pathway leads to a short out across the park to the village. It waa getting dark, and she wanted te get back I quickly, she said." " But she didn't go out at either of the lodge gates; they told me so at both places. My wife's not the sort of person to play idle pranks, or to stay away from home on any frivolous pre- text. There's something wrong." " I hope not. As to her not hiring passed the gates, that tells nothing Tbere are half a doz-n ways of getting out of the park besides the carriage entrances. I think she took the path I spoke of, whioh leads to a small gate opening into the fields beyond-she knew «very inoh of tbe way perfectly." «Tmdoubtful, sir; the business sha earn« upon was-" " You know what it was ?" "Yea" Something jarred the glasses auder Daryl Can yngton'g hand, as though they wera suddenly Bhaken, but bia voice wsa calm still. " Yon read the secret she left with you?" " I did." " And it told you-" "That my wife had oome here to make money, by helping; to conceal a shameful fraud. I haven't got mach learning, Mr. Canyngton, but I'd sooner have out off my right hand than let her come." " Not so loud, Mr. Dertrieehien, if you please. You have become acquainted with an important family secret." "With a wioked cheat and robbery, Mr. Canyngton. Give it hs true name, if yen please. I'd rather almost have teen my Grace dead than ' bave knows she waa mixed sp in it. Vm a i rough tort of fellow, bat I never did anyone *\^gs^Ê$ wrong in my life, and it's . hard thiag for me ^^»»-^^ to know now that abe hu." Daryl Canyngton's roiee was strangely quiet, as he replied to the excited man " Remember, the wrong was not her doing," he said. " She wag only an instrument in the bands of others, and was paid for what abe did." " Maybe io, sir, maybe so; but it doesn't alter it-she did it." ¡ "The payment suggests to me, Mr. Der trieehaen, a possible way of accounting for her disappearance. Are yon aware-" "I am aware of nothing at all about the matter, except when she left Plymouth," Hans replied, shortly. " You have heard nothing of her sinoe ?" "Not a word, exoept one telegram from Leamington, sayiog she bad got tbere safe, that wsa all. She bade me come and seek her it : she did not write or return within a week, and I have done ner bidding. Where ii she ? "Not here, believe me," Daryl Canyngton replied quietly "As I said, I think I se« some clue to her disappearance. You did not know she had a large sum of money about her V " Money ?" " Yes ; she oame here to be paid. Nay, do not get angry. We need not go into the ques- tion of the secret, and its consequences, now only what eonoerns her. She came here to make a demand on me. I paid it, andaba { went away direotly." "And what might my wife, Mia. Der trieehsen, demand for keeping the secret of year guilt, if I miy ask ?" " Oh, not much," said Daryl, with a bitter smile. " A thousand pounds, that waa all." " And you paid her ?" "I did" " And she went away from here with that sum upon her?" " Yes." "Then she's been robbed and murdered somewhere, for the sake of the money. Look to it, Mr. Canyngton, you must help me to find her ! If she be dead, her death liei at your door I" (To bt continued.) . i . ' 