A CONSIDERATE GHOST. ' There having been stories circulated relating to the' '. haunted Turner farm,' four, miles south of the village of Byron, in Shiawnssee County, Mich.,, a lady from Byron recently visited the locality, and sends her observations to the Detroit Free Preis, as follow : — Arriving at the farm, Mrs. Turner, in .explanation of the phenomena, said that she did at first think the stones were thrown by human porsonB, but is now perfectly satisfied that they aro not. She ditt not neiiove in tne supernatural, but had. always been a Methodist, and provious to August last had never seen or heard anything she could not account- for. Continuing the recital, Mrs. Turner snid that her husband had purchased the furm a littlo over six years ago, and at that time it contained a lot which had been used as a burying ground by former owners. According to tho terms of the bargain the friends of those buried there proceeded to remove the bodies, Mr. Turnor assisting them in that work, A gentleman living in Flint, ? named Brown, had a mother buried there. Ho was 'yery angry about the removal of the' tody, ,and was heard to say many times- tMat: if s there was such a thing pos jsible, and he should die first, he would haunt Turner for this aot. Last August Brown died. Thatjwmo month this stone throwing was commenced. Tho Tnrnors assert that they did not know of Brown's death until some time rtftor. Tho first stono thrown was one evening about sundown, while Mrs. Turner was milking, the stono falling by hor side, about the size of a man's fist. She called immedi ately to hor son, about ton years of ago, not to repeat tho act, as ho might frighten the cow and hurt her. Ho roplied that ho had not thrown anything. Just-thon two more came down, one striking neur hor, and tho other near the child. Mr. Turner, who was unhurntssing his horses near by, called out angrily, looking about to sea whenco they came — ' There, that will do ; throw no moro stones hero or you will find, whoever you aro, two can play at that gamo !' Moro stones came flying, and both Mr. and Mrs. Turnor began to search for tho person throwing tho stones. They found themselves puzzled to find out from what direction thoy camo, for they could not seo tho stones till they were within a fow feot of them, and ap parently coming from all directions. This sort of thing kept up for several days beforo thoy informed their neighbours and friends, and asked for help in finding tho causo. The neighbours came, and the stones continued rapidly falling about thom. Everybody gave up, declaring they could not solvo tho mystery. A neculiaritv of this stono throwing has been that with all tho apparent recklessness with which they fell thoro has beon no ono .hurt. Thoy havo passed by tho persons so near as to brush their clothing, and thon fall to the ground near by, not even denting the soft ground. Mr. Turner last fall was anxious to havo snow fall, for ho reasoned that if the stones were thrown by living individuals their tracks would betray thom. Tho stones continued to he thrown aft. winter, even when tho snow was deep. They would fall upon tho roof of the house and roll down, leaving scarcely a vestige of their courso in the snow. No tracks of persons what ever could bo found. Mrs. Turner says it is moro as if the stones were swiftly carried by than thrown. Certain of the stones wero carried home by tho neighbours and privately marked. Theso idontical stones would soon bo found again in Turner's yard. A thousand or more persons havo visitod tho place, and a great many have themselves seen tho stone-throwing, ? but vastly many more have waited and went away without seeing it, and have pronounced tho whole thing a humbug. Mrs. Turner says the stones ordinarily commence to fall at ton o'clock in tho forenoon, and continue to'ljo thrown until dark. None have over boon hurled after dark. None were thrown on the occasion of the visit here described, tholast having been seen on Sunday aftornoon. The shower of stones is not so great as last summer, and tho family aro in hopes it will stop altogether. 