THE MERCURY. SATUJIDAI' MORN/MO, FEB. O, 1SK. Theke aro few things which inoro excite the ire fif the Colonial press than the displays of ignor- ance of the Colonies and Colonial affairs that appear from timo to timo in the British press, and should even a benighted private individual commit the blunder of addressing (l friend or relativo as lioing in Adelaide, Victoria ; Sydney, South Australia ; or Hobart xown, New Zea- land, a sneering paragraph goes the round of tho Australian press. Yet how necessary is it that these severe critic« should cast the beam out of their own eyes that they may see thu moto that is in their neighbour's eye, and thus avoid the too commun condition of the blind leading the blind. Within the last week or two tv recklessness of assertion arising from gross ignorance on the part of writer» in tho public press of the Colonies, has been manifested in qunrters where it might have boon least ex- pected ; and tho errors fallon into have beou rondered all the more extraordinary that in each case the writer attempts to display his iutimuto knowlodge of what ho proves himself so ignorant, and actually seeks to read a lesson to our states- men, and, to instruct them out of the fulness of his eiiiptinoas. It may be by accident, but it is I i asingular coincidence, that in each case Tasmania I I is mudo to sillier. The blunders arise from erasa ' ignorance us to Tasmania, which is probably deemed either sufficiently insignificant to justify unocquaintauce with its affahs, or too weak to resent any misrepresentation to which it may bo exposed ; in either case destroying the very argu- ment of those who seek to point a moral from what concerns us. It was only the other day that the Melbourne Herald illustrated its rash- ness of assertion by alleging an " unhealthy desire 'all through tho Colonies to alienate as fast as possible the public estate," and its hasty conclusions in regard to several of the Colonies. New South Wales and New Zealand ?were paraded as instances in point, but in a less degree than Tasmania, where we are told "the Islanders are only staving off a threatened income tax, by selling every acre the Government can find a buyer for, at almost any prico." With the moral drawn we care not to find fault. It is one of those self- evident pro- positions that no one will dispute, and therefore it appears all the more singular that it should bo suppoi-ted by assertions that only prove the ignorance of the' writer. Each statement is untrue us regards Tasmania, which has not been, ils asserted, following a "policy akin to that of u spendthrift, who, instead of improving his estate and living upon his rental, sells his patri- mony." We have not staved of)' an income tax by an indiscriminate sacrifice of our public credit. A dreaded deficit in our revenue was anticipated inasmuch as for yea» tho land sales had fallen off below the average and estimated amounts, but this deficit has been averted, | not by forced sales t f lands, but by increased receipts in Customs and general revenue. Nor have we boen selling our lands at anything they would bring, as the Herald might have satisfied itself by a reference to the statistics recently publishod by Mr. Hayter., the Victorian statist. During 1873 the average price received for Crown lands on the Continent of Australia was 12s. lid. ; in New Zealand, 15s. Id, ; while i in Tasmania.it realised £1 2s. 2id. The Maryborough Chronicle affords another instance of how Governments are lectured and censured without the necessary trouble being taken to ascertain the truth of the data on which the critic proceeds. In that journal, fol- lowing the announcement that a shipment of rum and sugar had been sent from Queensland to New Zealand, we read : " The New Zealand duty on refined sugar is not leSB than a penny'a pound, while Queensland exacts iu return 2d. a lb. on New Zealand cheese and butter, 'k1, a cwt on New Zealand potatoes and onions, and 2d. n lb. on New Zealand bacon aud hamp. All these tilings are as much necessary comforts to our population as sugar is to the New Zeolauders, and eau be produced theio nore cheaply and of better quality than among ourselves. An active and lucrative traffic Would imme- diately follow the abolition of these and other duties, on both sides, as it has in the case of Tasmania, whose empty treasury has been replenished iu a most unex- pected manner since her Government concluded a recipiocity tieaty with New Zealand; this', too, not- withstanding the fact that the products of both colonies are so Mniil.ir in character as to leave little margin for exchange on either side." The arguments that may legitimately be advanced in favour of free trade or reci- procity appear unanswerable. They are only ridiculous when, as in the above quotation, the benefits are demonstrated'by purely imaginary proof. If Tasmania's "empty treasury has been replenished in a most unexpected manner," it has not been in consequence of a reciprocity treaty with New Zealand. That is, unfortu- nately, still in the womb of futurity ; and our Queensland contemporary, if looking for a reason for the replenishment of our treasury outside our natural progress and prosperity, will have to "try again." The most ludicrous .and inexcusable of the blunders of would-be guides,' philosophers, und friends of statesmen and Ministers, is that of the gentleman who, under the norn tie plume of " Atamk" presumed to be par f»w7 Icnce the smart writer of the ./litainiiWtMf, took it on him to enlighten its readers as to our' cuteness in the last number of that journal that has reached Tasmania. " AZuj.ks," who with several other Victorian writers, appeal's, some- what inexplicably, to have suddenly taken a great interest in the affairs of the Tasmanian Main Line Railway Company, deplores the loss tho contractors will suffer, und writes : " It isn't often that n state gets to windward of a con- tractor to such an extent.' Tho Tasmanian Government originally, 1 believe, had a suivey aud estimate of cost of construction and traffic prepared. Its proposal was, that the contractor should próvido all the capital, and that if the traffic didn't produce 5 per rent, on stipulated outlay, {it would he made up to that rate fiom the Tasmanian Treasury. A largo contracting fii m sent out from England its own engineer, to make surveys and check t hu estimates. But the mail which should have taken them his repoit conveyed tidings of death. Heie was a dilemma. The date for teudeiing was close at hand; theio was no time to send out another repie BCiitative. and the option open to the firm inclined to tender was either to tucept as a uoirect basis the Government engineer's estimate, or to abandon the enterprise altogether. The finn resolved to risk con- tracting on Iho faith of the local engineer's calculation. When n survey was mado on their behalf it wus found that tho original estimate was £130,000 less than tho work could be dono for. Tho contracting firm places too high u value on its ctedit not to carry out the work, even tit n loss, ami thus it is that Tasmania stands in so exceptionally proud a position as regards its lailwuy cuntmcts." How thankful wo Tasinanians should bo that we have to deal with a contiacting finn that places so high a value on its credit; but somehow we cannot see in wlmtconsists our " exceptionally proud position " in connection with the contract. Whether the contractors will lose any sum, and if so, what, is a question on which wo suppose "^Eqles " is as ignotaut as we confess wo are. But if his information on this point has been derived from the same source that has inspired his other statements, it is likely to be as wide of the truth. It is not tho fact that the Colony hud anything to do with the contractors. The Colony dealt with the company ; the company with the contractors. It is not tho fact that the Tasmanian Government had any survey or estimated cost of construction made, except in the rough, and for tho purposes of legislation. It is not tho fact that the estimate of tho company was based on the Government survey and estimate. It is not the fact" that the engineer sent out-by "the company, not, us stated by " .¿Ecilks," by the contractors-adopted tho Government survey and estimate Ho made his owti survey and esti- mate, and followed a different route from that embraced in tho " local contractor's " report. It is not a fact that tho mail that should have taken homo the company's engineer's report conveyed the tidings of his doath. Ho had sent home his roport some time before his death, and, therefore, it may seem scarcely neces- sary to add that tho statement that "the option opon to the finn was either to accept as a correct basis the Government engineer's estimate, or to abandon the enterprise altogether" is the reverse of tho fact. To say that tho contractors, or company, "resolved to risk contracting on the faith of the local engineer's calculation," would be to acknowledge a* culpable negli- gence on their part in accepting as reliable what only pretonded to be an approximate estimate, and which was not oven adopted by the Govern- ment. Onewoidin ^Eoles'n ear. Tho local sur- veyors employed to make a survey before Govern- ment submitted to Parliament a proposal for the construction of the Main Lino Railway, estimated the cost of construction at £8p0,U00. Parliament refused to guarantee interest ou a cost exceeding £050,000. In the full knowledge of these facts, and after having made their own survey and estimate, the compuny accepted tho towns Government were authorised to give. Where then the evidence of tho Colony having over- roachodtho contractors ; whore the grounds for sympathy with thom or the company Í Lighthouse on Kino'« Island.-The Govern- ment received a telegram from the Chief Secretary of Victoria yesterday evening, announcing the, safe return to Melbourne of the steamer Pharos, fruin King's Island, with Captain Barnard, Captain Payne, sud Captain Htanlny on board. "T'iE.CiiRiftTiAN Witness."-The nature and use of statistics, a somewhat strange subject for a religious journal, are explained in the first leader in to-day's ''7/mim. The second îBon " Amüsements ;" horse-racing is severely handled, and for several reasons the Witness is " glad to notice evident signs of the decadence of this pastime in public estima- tion." One would think that the forthcoming revival meeting was an evident sign in quite the opposite direction. Writing about the Benevolent Society, our contemporary sagely remarks that "it is appa- rent nome weil-considcred and zealous course of action must be taken to excite a deeper and wider interest in this valuable society, and very consider- ably increase the amount of its annual subscrip- tions." Reference is again 'made to the discreditable state of some of the school-houses in Hobart Town, and the Witness regards with satisfaction the ap- pointment of Mr. Innes as a member of the Board of Education. The Rev. J. Burrowes, of Pont- ville, contributes a sermon. The remainder of the contents comprise contributions, local items, and interesting extracts. ".The Tempérance News."--We bave received the current month's iBsue of this joui nal, which is fully equal to former numbers. We cull the following item of news :-" We have pleasure in announcing the arrival in the colonies of the Hon. S. 1). Hastings, Past Right Worthy (¡rand Templar, who is visiting tim various jurisdiction)! as a depu- tation from the Right Wiutliy Grand I/idge. At S resent the linn, gentleman is in Now Zealand, where e will open two (¡rand Lodges and probably stay till the early part of March, when he will come to Victoria in time for the ti rand Ixiilge Session, after- wards visiting various parts of the colony. He will then proceed to the other colonies, staying altogether about twelve months. Brother Hastings holds a high position socially, having been for many years a prominent member and speaker of the senate of Wisconsin, U.S. Ab regards the Order, he has been for six years Right Worthy Gi and Templar, in which capacity, by his general ability and affable manner, lie has endeared himself to the Templars throughout the world, and may fairly be regarded as Me mont exjieriencfd anti powerful member of Hie Order in the world. We have no doubt but that Brother Hastings will be enthusiastically received and warmly welcomed wherever he goes : we trust, also, co-operated with. The object of the visit is to help the members on with their work. The cause of Temperance just now is in a low state, and needs reviving. Our illustrious visitor is a powerful speaker, and will doubtless be able to rouse the energies of the Temperance people. " Police Court.--Elleu Sculthorpe, licensed pro- prietress of the Ocean Child Inn, Argyie-street, appeared for the second time at the Police Court yesterday, charged by Superintendent Propsting, with keeping a disorderly house on the 30th ult. Mr. Crisp appeared for the defence. A great deal of evidence was heard on both sides, and the case was ultimately adjourned until this day, in order to obtain the attendance of a necessary witness. .Some ten seamen of the vessel Sarah Pile were abo brought up on the charge of refusing to work, by the master of the vessel, Captain Herbert. All the defendants except olio pleaded " not guilty " and the case was adjourued till this day in order to procure the evidence of the second-mate, who was not present, and failed to be found by messengers sent in quest of bim. Several breaches of the School Act, also came before the Bench, and from the frequent appearance of Mr. Stewart as a prosecutor, it would seem that one class of the inhabitants of Tasmania do not at all appreciate the blessings of education, free or otherwise. We are obliged to hold over the report of the proceedings. Fowl Stealing.-A correspondent desires us to draw the attention of the police to the alarming extent to which fowl-stealing is being carried on in the vicinity of the Turkish Baths. He states that for the last month one of the residents - a lady - has suffered greatly from the depredations of fowl- stealers, who some nights take only one, and others two and three. On Wednesday, however, her stock of fowls was reduced by sixteen, the thieves having evidently become emboldened in their work ; and it is easy to imagine how annoying such a loss is, more especially as she had reared the fowls herself, and most of them were valuable birds. She is not the only sufferer, our informant adds, as the whole neigh- bourhood has suffered, but not to the same extent. . The Ghost.-Wo have no faith in ghosts. They do not stand as one of the fixed articles of our creed. We don't patronise them at all, on principle. We arc dowu on them just as ne are down on nil kinds of mawkishness, from tho puerile one of affectation, to thu fanaticism of tlioso who would have us make the conceptions of somu sublime master of harmony go hand in hand with blasphemy. So, when the hue and cry went round,about our Sandy Bay ghost we stood along on the sure principle that ghosts never thrive without notoriety. Just take no notice of them, and they, will soon subside into invisibility, and get tiled of tho spirit business. But still we ure human ; and, beset on every side with " Have you seen the Ghost ? " our judgment at last yielded to our curiosity and we determined to reconnoitre and if possible "interview" the apparition, and shortly after ebon night set in sallied forth on the mission, determined " to do or die." And there is what we saw, when we arrived at St. George's Burial Ground, the reported haunt of the apparition; at every corner road were numbers of larrikins, armed with sticks, stones, etc., who amused themselves by rushing here and there crying "Here he comes" and "There he goes," at intervals, at the same time making anything but select noises or expressions. ' A mob of youngsters was collected here and there, singing songs, playing concertinas, and otherwise nmusing themselves in a manner very distressing to sedate ghosts. We went round and through the burying ground and over all the reported haunts, and all we saw was a large piece of cardboard with a man painted on it, ou Barrack-hill ; bul we saw no ghost, though, according to the usual custom, we mot with plenty who could name scoies of their friends who had seen it. The ti ick has evidently bean played out. Ghosts may like notoriety, but they evidently have I a goodly fear of shillelaghs and brickbats, and don't relish the smell of gunpowder, or the risk of cold | lead. A Cricket Ciiam.knoe.-At a general comtnitteo meeting of the Association held yesterday, a letter waa received from the secretary of the .Corio (Geelong) Club, inviting the Tasmanian team to a friendly game at'Coi io, during the visit of the team to Melbourne, iu March. The Becretary was instructed to infoim the secretary of the Corio Club that the Southern Tasmanian team will be most happy to accept ttíé invitation ; also, to communicate with Victoria, in order to arrange for the different matches with thevlitl'erent clubs. Cricket Association.-At a committee meeting of the association held yesterday the following players were selected for practice for the ensuing match, North v. South. The days for practice have been fixed for Tuesdays ami Fridays :-Mesan. Walket'jjr. Wbitesides, E. Whiteaides, J. Bennison, M. CoveVnle, C. Lovett, G. Davies, C. Davies, J. C. Lord, Bayley, C. Butler, E. Butler, Freoman, Lucas, Maxwell, Birch, J. H. Walshe, and D. Barclay. It is to ho hoped that the selected players will recognise the obvious necessity of practising, and put in a punctual attendance aceoi dingly. Cricket.-The return match betwen the Der- went and Break o' Day Clubs will bo played this afternoon, nu the Association ground, wickets to be pitched at 2 o'clock, sharp. The following are the respective teams t-Derwent team : D. Barclay, J. Bennison, W. Campbell, M. Coverdale, I*. 0. Fysh, jun., C. Lovett, J. Mitchell, A Bead, W, H. Walker, T. Wbitesides, and E. Whiteaides ; emer- gency, C. R. Morris. Bieik o' Day : E. H. Butler, C. TV. Butler, E. J. Freeman, C. Butler, Ç, J. Maxwell, D. C. Cuthbert, E. Lucas, ,T. T. Morris, H. V. Bayly, C. Pike, J. V. Buckland. . The Main Line Raiway and the Races.-The company have notified their intention to run trains between Hobart Town and Glenorchy on the race days, next Thursday and Friday. The time tables will bo published on Monday. The fares have been fixed as follows :-Return ticket (first class) 3s. ; open carriegos, Is. -. % -' «' The Steamer. Monarch ano the Races.-It is notified by advertisement that the steamer Monarch will run noxt Thursday and Friday (race days), leaving the Franklin Wharf at a quarter to twelve o'clock, landing passengers on the course, and re- turning after tho last race. The steamer will leave New Norfolk on Thuisday morning at half-post seven o'clock, and will letum on Friday evening. Swinu Bridge, Constitution Dock. - TIu'b bridge, having received a now floor, wa» yesterday morning replaced in its position across the entrance to the Constitution Dook. The Recent Burning-Out at Swansea.-We have much pleasure in acknowledging the receipt of £1 13s. from the Row W.W. Spicer, of New Town, towards the benefit of the two farmers who' were íecently burnt out at Swansoa. Accident at McGrkcor's Sim« Yard«.-Yes- terday a man named John Jeffrey, employed at McGregor's ship yard in the domain, was lowering a stage at the side of a vessel, when the rope broke, and he was precipitcd a distance of 15ft., sustaining a fracture of the left arm above the elbow. He was taken to tho hospital. St. George's Church, Battery Point.-By advertisement it is notified that collections will be made on Sunday next, morning and evening, in aid of the Sunday School attached to the church. Sunday Services.-At St. George's, Battery Point, the Rev. W. H. Wollaston, of Trinity Church, Melbourne, will preach to-morrow morning and evening. The Rev. J. Storie will conduct service at Risdon Chupel. At the Mariner's Church, services will be conducted by the Rev. T. E. 0. Mell. The Rev. J. Scott will preach at St. John's I Church, Mncquarie-street, at 11 o'clock, and at i the Fieshytoriun Church, O'Brien's Bridge, at three o'clock in the afternoon. At St. Mary's Roman Catholic Cathedral, high ninas, will be celebrated at 11 o'clock, and a sermon will be preached in Italian and English. The Uev. J. W. Inoms -It will he seen by notice in another column, that the lecture previously advertised to bo delivered by the Rev. J .TV. Inglis, of Ballarat, on next Thursday evening, at the Odd- fellows' Hull, has been unavoidably postponed until the week after noxt. Mr. Inglis will preach at St. John's Church, Mocquarie-atteet, at three o'clock on Sunday afternoon, und at seven'o'clock in the even- ing.' - He will probably'deliver a lecture at Sorell in the couiae of next week. Derwent Sailing Boat Club.-The second heat for the Club Cup will.be sailed at half-past two o'clock to-day, punctually, from the Esplanade. Native Youth Gold Mining Company.- Yes- terday's Chronicle Bays ;-"There is continued good news asto the prospects of the above company. Mr. Richards reports that the battery plates were again scraped on Weduesday, when 48oz. of amalgam were taken off. This makes nearly 55Ûoz. of amalgam in hand from the present oruahings. The washing up will take place on Tuesday next, when a very fine yield of gold is anticipated. We observe the directors invite tenders for cartage of twenty tous machinery for pumping water, raisiug stone, &c.; I What is Guano?-An American journal states, that the long-received opinion that guano is the deposit of myriads of sea birds accumulating through long ages, is now rendered untenable by recent investigations made by a Dr Hable. This gentle mau, after treatiug the guano to an acid, microsco- pical, and chemical examination, remarked that the íusoluble residue was composed of fossil sponges and other marin animals and plants precisely similar ia constitution. It is further observed that the fact that the anchors of ships in the neighbourhood of the guano ¡Blands often bring up guano from the bottom of the ocean is quite in opposition to the prevalent belief. Dr Habel therefore considers that the deposits of guano must bn the lesult of the accumulation ol' ñissil plants iu animals, whose organic matter has been transformed into a nitro- genous substaHct!, the mineral portion rr-maining intact. _. 