SANDHURST. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Fat at Evening, t This morning, Mr. W. J. Angus was charged at the City Police Court with assaulting a boy named James Simpson. The evidence went to show that the defendant was a teacher at the Quarry-hill State School, and the plaintiff a scholar. The latter had been guilty of decided insubordi- nation, in consequence of which he deservedly received a good flogging, the only serious port of his allegations in Court being that the defendant had struck him over the head with the cane and kicked him. This, moreover, was denied by the evidence produced for the defence, and the Bench dismissed the case. In doing so, the conduct of the father of the boy in bringing such a trumpery charge before the Court was strongly animadverted upon, and the opinion was expressed that a bad effect was produced by bringing these cases before the public, inasmuch as it was calculated to produce insubordination on the part of other boys, who would begin to think that teachers had no right to enforce their authority and preserve proper order. The distribution of prizes at the Ironbark State School, of which Mr. J. Rae is the head teacher, took place this afternoon, and was attended by a large number of visitors. The chair was occupied by the Hon. Angus Mackay, M.L.A., who distributed the prizes. During the afternoon the children gave a number of solos and choruses, also recitations, in a most creditable manner. The Secretary of State of Minnesota reports the following statistics of damage done by grasshoppers this year acres of wheat damaged or destroyed, 240,417; bushels of wheat lost, 2,646,802 ; acres of oats damaged or destroyed, 52,125 ; bushels of oats lost, 1,186,733; acres of corn damaged or destroyed, 34,139; bushels of corn lost, 738,415. Tub Rev. Isaac Hanks, for many years minister of the Independent Chapel, Silver street, Malmesbury, England, fell down dead in his pulpit on Sunday night, Just as he had given out his text, which was, "Batman Beth and wasted away ; yea. man giveth, up the ghost, and where to her 