BISHOP OF NEWCASTLE'S ADDRESS. We are glad that the Bishop of Newcastle has not been overawed by the strange decision of the Sydney Synod, under Bishop Barker, on the Education question. He has evidently been so much astounded by jit that he has plainly intended to show the colony that the Northern Diocese is independent of the. Southern one. If Dr. Tyrell did not intend to appear as replying to Dr. Barker, and quietly extinguishing the many allegations which the Metropolitan has been making of late, he has really effectually replied to him, and he has given to such small lights as the Rev. Mr. Kemrnis, Mr. Shepherd Smith, Mr. Stuart, and Mr. Paine such a broadsider as will surely induce them to begin to think on the subject. The Rev. Dr. Barry has at last obtained satisfaction for the studied slight which was cast upon him in the Sydney Synod. Mr. Shepherd Smith was not ashamed, as a layman, to stand up and say that he could have seconded Dr. Barry's motion, but would not, because of reasons which had nothing to do with the motion itself. And some of his clerical sympathisers were not ashamed to echo this affront, by stating that they would rather be guilty of the act of stulifying themselves than support a motion which Dr. Barry might make use of, because ' it would prove their , inconsistency ! In the first place, the Bishop of New castle has boldly affirmed and charged his clergy to be careful in affirming' also, that , the' Public Schools are not godless schools. It will be a curious anomaly, therefore, if the1 Public Schools : in the Diocese of Sydney be godless, and the very same Public Schools be not gpfiless, in the Diocese of Newcastle. We recommend that Mr. - Kemmis, Mr. Lumsdaine, and Mr. Bode study this question,' and pro duce the reconciliation in a second edition of the St. Mark's Church lecture. : In the second place, Dr. Tyrell thinks it a very fair division of labour which the Public Schools Act proposes, and proceeds manfully to a consideration of the question,. What is to be done ? Dr. Barker, how ever, thinks the very Opposite, and claims that his Church of England Schools shall be preserved, and promises, that in order to the preservation of his own, he will demands that the Romish Schools shall be preserved also ! The thoughtful Protest ants in the Church of England will see at a glance that while the Northern Bishop will have nothing to do with Dr. Murray, the " James of Maitland," the Southern Bishop will " stand shoulder to shoulder with Dr. Yaughan," and fight a battle in which Rome and England are perfectly agreed! In th q third place, the term " secular " was an awful bogle to the clergy of the ; Sydney Diocese. And the more pious of i the laity stood aghast that there was a proposal to make education " secular." Bishop Barker waxed warm in his de- nunciation of "secular education," although the assurance was given, on the side of the League, that the term ''secular" was always used as defined by the Legislature. Following this fearful revolt against the word "secular," the Romanists came in with their second fiddle. They had fearful visions of the word " secular." Although they have very holy priests who are called " seculars," they saw nothing but infidelity in the schools if they were called "secu- lais." But amid this noise and < alarm, which looked very much like make-believe thunder, Dr. Tyrell, of Newoastle, stands forth and says, . " I am rej oiced to admit that the term secular instruction is, in-7 tended to comprehend general -.religions-.- instruction."'- The Bishop of Newcastle- arid his clergy are in a state of gladness;/ while the Bishop of Sydney, and . the, Kemmises of his clergy, are in a state1 of ; sadness and grief, because the Public' Schools Act clearly defines the meaning of' the word " secular." . . In the fourth place, the Bishop of . Sydney, and the majority of his clergy,/ demand that the present state of things/ shall continue, and thatDenominatioUalism" shall; be maintained as necessary to the; "godly and religious education" of the.! children; hut the Bishop of Newcastle i and his clergy see quite plainly, that the: -. proper way in which to secure this object'' is to begin by religiously educating the - parents. The schools riever can ,do this' j work. The clergy never have done. In. these days it is hopeless to expect that the ! schools will ever " become more denomi national than they are." The clergy must' accept the secular part of education in the < common school, and take the responsibility ! of the rest upon themselves, by beginning '/ with the parents, by Sabbath School' work,/; and other agencies; and the sooner this j ,-fact is acknowledged and acted upon the1' better. . : It is impossible not- to see from wliat is i now revealed in Newcastle that the calcu-" lations of Mr. Stuart and the silly state-: / ments and reasonings of the Presbyterian, .'. Dr. White, of Singleton, are now blown . to the winds. - The week before last the Hay market,' was the scene of what might fairly , be, „ called a . genuine display of the Popish ,' religion. Often, on the Saturday evenings' especially, is that classical locality! thri focus of Popery in its "social aspect,"1 :ih," the shape of "Paddies' Market," where// old clothes, mis-fits, damaged, cheese,, inferior bacon, and many other unsaleable ;!1 articles, from a needle to an anchor, ' are '. '' sold .off in genuine Hibernian style. But// on the Sunday morning to which we refer.;/ Popery was displayed in its " religious; m aspect" in a manner which the unfortu- " nate spectators, who were intelligent// enough to understand the proceedings,, will never forget. : Father Sheridan, who, is the guardian of that very remarkable'1'' district, had collected together '300 chil- .' dren, most of them mere children, at /the;/ 7 o'clock mass.. These boys and girls all came to chapel fasting, after being- for1' weeks before specially prepared by confes//// sion to the priest. They wore dress as for , a holiday— the girls in white, and the boys in what clothes they could find, with the- , blue ribbon and small pewter medal called"! ,' ": First Communion Medal." The 7 .o!cl6c|t / mass being over, Father Sheridan exhorted,, : the children to consider well the ' 'high / obligations which they were about to take,;"' to be soldiers of Christ, and true Christians ! / Forthwith the children were dismissed to,.,; the adjoining school-room, where" it is; said ' a most recherche (!) breakfast was provided."; 4 for them under the auspices of tljeChmtian/' ! Doctrine Confraternity. Whenthe breakf, , fast, recherche, was disposed of, the children: were allowed to go out to the playground' ' to take some " recreation " in the " open ' air ;" bnt on a signal given they were col-/, f ; lecteid, formed into a procession, and then marched into the church, " deeply im pressed with the sacred character of the "/ sacrament " they were about to receive, .; , "and , singing suitable hymns." Just at that moment, precisely at 11 o'clock; Dr. Vaughan appeared as the Great Fountain " of Grace. He was received at the church gates by Father Sheridan, and the Confra- ternity brethren and the Temperance Societies, in full regalia, were drawn up in double line as a sort of body gu,rd or;/,/ guard of honour. Through this line of rank and file the Archbishop moved ' with,i: dignified step, giving his blessing ori the;; / right hand and on the left as he passed. / . Thereupon another mass was " performed,!' which means that Jesus Christ was twice 1 ' sacrificed that' morning ; which being wit/ // ' riessed and done effectively amid mass: . singing, " his Grace in full pontificals, and o... leaning on his crozier, addressed the chil- :;' dren ; then he gave them the remission of their sin and the" Holy Ghost, and seven/,,/, fold gifts, which the children received with; !! love and reverence ; and then Dr. Vaughan - addressed them again, exhorting them!1,.'/ paternally to persevere in the service of ,,,/ Christ, to which they had pledged them-,. selves." Father Carroll was "master ofthe ceremonies." Now, all this was 'grand";' beyond measure to the children, them-/',',, selves, and was fhll of priestly importance' ' to the Coadjutor and his clergy. With - what pomp do 1 those priests carry them selves when they are about to bestow1 ' grace and the Holy Ghost ! With what- " eodly fear " do Aose little children re- sard th6ir ghostly inastprs yrhp, they have been taught to heheye, can gLvend. hijce rny : the 1 Holy Gh6st ! A thoughtful observer of . such religious, mockery could not but fepl sad. It was a pageant which was, worthy of the worshippers of Jupiter. Fasting, masses, white dresses, ribbons, medal brechercKe breakfasts, p ay, proces, sions, singing; &c.;, -are precisely depicted in the ancient outline— " The people sat dqwn to eat and , drink, and roseupto play " It makes us sad to think that little children, mere boys and girls, who naturally look up to their leaders with reverence, are taught, amid such excite ment and, show as this, the rank falsehoods that Dr. Yaughan can forgive sin and give bestow the sevenfold gifts of the Holy Ghost ! It is sad to think that those little children are thus compelled to take part in .a priestly farce, and to commit themselves to this profession as the religion, of J esus Christ ! The; "cost of Popery" is a subject which our rulers should ever have in view. Let us take the following items to prove certainly what makes Ireland poor, .and what uses, up money which might vei-y well be spent to improve the country. "The police statistics of Ireland for 1861 give the following remarkable particulars. 'County Antrim is Protestant ; Tipperary is Romish. The former has ;a population of 247,564 ; the latter 249,106, that is 'Tipperary has a population of 1542 more than Antrim; but the Popish county needs 1122 police to keep it in peace, while the Protestant one is easily managed with only 272 ! Again, the Protestant county of Down has 276 policemen; but the Popish county of Gal way, with a .smaller population, needs 691 ! Again, the Protestant county of Londonderry, with a population of 184,209, had 152 police, the Popish county of Westmeatli, with a population of 90,879, required 298. Again Armagh, with 33,000 more people than the Popish district of Roscommon, .had only 193 constables, but Roscommon had 410 ! These figures cannot be dis puted. They mean something. They .are -so < -uniform and striking all over the -country, that the cause must be one. There is no exception to the rule. Wherever Popery prevails, there police,, gaols, and crime; are . in excess;, wherever Protestantism has the majority of the people, there all such appliances as police and lockups are comparatively scarce. Such .marked results must have a uniform and an adequate cause. W e are quite sure that the cause' cannot be the difference of government, for the government is the same. It cannot be the difference of law, for . the law is the same. ; It cannot be the difference of the race, for in both cases they are largely the same. The difference lies' wholly in the religion which moulds the character and governs the life of the two divisions of the country respectively. 'To put it otherwise. Protestants are allowed- to think for themselves "on the subject of politics ; but the poor Irish are driven like beasts of burden to do what their masters require of them. Protest ants have a religion which improves the intellect and heart of those who follow it; but the poor Irish have a religion which first degrades them and then inspires them with the passions of ignorance and super stition.. If the Romish Irish were dealt with as the Protestant Irish are, there would not be the slightest difference between them. In five years the two parties would be so blended together that it would be impossible to notice any dis tinction. But, while the Protestant Irish are free men, and living contentedly under the law, the Romish Irish are the slaves of tyrant masters, who first rob and peel them, and then make them the instru ments, of agitation and confusion that their own tyrant rule may be continued over them. So long as the Romish Irishman is the :slave of the priest so long he mil need the care of the police ; and why 1 Because the priest is the servant of a foreign Sovereign whose empire stands by the overthrow of progress and liberty. Burns, the poet, used to say that "liars needed to have long memories." The sentiment expresses the need of our con temporary, Freeman, and of those priestly personages who inspire his writing. Every | -one knows that not long ago some of those j priests objected to the Public school books I because of the large amount of religious instruction given in them. In Ireland, j too, we all know the real objection to the ( national system .is t hat the books are 'hsulated to . advance - " Protestantism." ) The late Mr. Plunkcs, before he died, and notwithstanding that he had been once a violent supporter of the national system, denounced it because of its religions teaching . was- favouring Protestantism ; and, because/, he.' found some expres sion to that , effect in . the " Life .ojF Archbishop Wheatley," written by his daughter, Mr. Plu'nkett not only de nounced the National, system , because of its tendency to make Protestants, but he denounced Archbishop Wheately as the greatest hypocrite that ever lived, and referred to the Romish Archbishop Dr. Murray, as having been taken in ! Mr. Duncan, also, whose former support of, the National system has always been Mr. Parkes' sham reason for his appointment to the Educational Council Board, lias veered round to favour Denominationalism, because of .his Church authorities ; he, with the others, says that he sees that the National system; because of its religious' element in,. the Scripture lessons and Scrip ture reading is more favourable to Protest ants than Romanists : and hence the cru sade, led on by Dr. Yaughan and his man Friday, Mr. Gillott, for Denominational ism. But what is the ground taken now 1 Once the objection was that the Public School books were full of heretical teach ing, and designed ' to make Catholics Pro testants ; but now the cry is that the books are calculated to make both Catholics and Protestants " secularists !" Freeman's lat est verdict is, that the "secularism of the Public School system excludes religion," and makes the children " infidels !" The falsehood of the former cry made it fail : this last will fail also. The objection to the Public School system is that it does not make the children Papists, and does not keep up the demands of the priests ! " Liars should have long memories." Our Sydney Popish organ has said that he does not know very well what to think or what to say about Messrs.' Moody and' Sankey, the American evangelists, who are now causing such a stir in England. He explains that his perplexity is caused by the fact that the data given in the English and American papers are not very clear, 'nor quite sufficient for giving an " exact idea." But after this confession, the Sidney Freeman is not ashamed to proceed to give a very " exact idea" of what he imagines them to be. He commences by designating their meetings as " enter tainments." Then, he says, that "in America, Moody and Sankey combined the low buffonery of the Christy Minstrels with the regular platform business of itnerating preachers." Then lie adds that as they approached England the " dropped the bones and the banjo from their enter tainments and adopted grotesqueness . of language and idea in sermons and prayer." Then he adds that "their success, as a wordly affair, was unbounded." After this introduction, Freeman speaks of the " sen sationalism" of their services : of their con verts as bears the " trade mark " of Moody and Sankey : of the conversions as falling like blackberries : and then, " while not wishing to ridicule," Freeman add, " in spite of long odds in favour of their being knaves, they may be honestly deluded." All this is baseness which only a Popish paper could condescend to. It reveals, however, what Popery does in the way of making its literary men honest and fair. As Popery influences the head and the pen, the most cowardly reproaches will appear in their organ, without the slight est consciousness of shame, against every body and everything which detracts from itself. Of course, a Popish paper cannot be favourable to any great movement of evangelical religion. The " entertain ment " of the chapel, when the priest appears as a mountebank, dressed in all the absurdities of ancient idolatry and paganism, when the chapel is lighted up, in the midst of day, with the stage-lights of so many candles, and when the priestly trick of legerdemain is performed of turn ing paste into flesh and wine (which still intoxicates) into blood, is according to the theatrical taste of a Popish scribbler ; but the " entertainment" of plain speech with hymn-singing is past the comprehension of such a critic. It is no wonder, therefore, that in the absence of information which could give him an "exact idea" of the men and their work, he is able to give an exact idea of his own, baselessly insinuating that their mission is a " wordly spec." — that the odds are in favour of their being knaves — that their lives are not above suspicion? — that their conversions are shams — and that the least they deserve is, only to be laughed at ! Such is the bitter ness of the devil at any work of God. Suppose a Father Burke were to visit Australia, were to appear on all public occasions in the grotesque costume of a monk, were to carry on his back an " altar," were to have a few small boys as incense boys, and a few young girls as "iangele," were to have Brother Curran or Barlow as holy candle-maker by his side, Brother Freehill as patent paste-maker, and .Father Corletti' as " master ,of kis ceremonies ;" . and the whole performance were to culminate in an oration pronounced in the fiercest and broadest Irish which a " real" Irishman can utter, Freemaji would become; hysterical in his praises, of, the sub-; limity. and grandeur of the occasion ; but if two plain men appear, without osten tation, sing' hymns, offer .extemporary prayer, and pj.each in the usual language of the country from which they come, Freeman does not think it beneath his Popery to assail those men with scandal ous imputations of suspicious morality, and hints that their "gain" being the god liness which they seek, they ought Only to be laughed at ! ' St. Matthias's Church Extension.-— Rev. Dr. Barry thankfully acknowledges the receipt of 5s. each from Messrs. T. Stewart and Laverock, of Kurrajong. The Church society which has just given £100 each to similar additions at Aslifield and Waterloo, has refused to give anything to Dr. Barry. Can any reader divine the reason J Consolation for all Protestants.— The Council of Lateran has decreed that all Pro testants are " Heretical filth." The Council of Trent Sess. 14, Cap. 5, confirms this decree ; so that all Protestants are held to be mere "filth," by Canon law at this very day. Is it not kind of our Papist friends that they do not exactly treat us as filth, however they may be authorised by the Holy Church to do so ? A million or so of years of Indulgences might be gained by any Papist who would put the law in force. We beg to draw the attention of the public to the advertisement, in another column, of the Royal Marionettes, at the School of Arts. For full particulars see Friday's Protestant Standard. A complimentary "concert was given hy the members of No. 25 L.O.L., on Wednesday evening, in the Redfem Town Hall, on which occasion the brethren wishing to appreciate the services of their late W.M. and P.G.M., Irish Black, Brother W. Mason, presented him with an address and a handsome marble clock. Brother Mason replied in a very telling speech. A full report will appear next issue. 