THE TRIUE SPIRITUALISM. " Here eyes do regard you In Eternity's stillness." -Goethe. Beautiful and inspiring, amidst the world's turmoil, is the belief in the presence still near us, and the loving eyes still upon us, of our dear departed. Not that I allude, or at all give credence,.to the so-ealled "Spiritism" of the day. That seems to me-indeed I think has been proved to be-a tissue of the vilest empiricism and deceit. But I refer to the apprehen sion of the still-abiding presence, in our hearts and homes, of those of our dearly beloved who, as a great poet has said, have " died into life." Longfellow, in his " Haunted Houses," affirms this belief, when he says, "All houses wherein men have lived and died Are haunted houses. Through the open doors The harmless phantoms on their errands glide, With feet that make no sound upon the floors. "We meet them at the doorway, on the stair ; Along the passages they come and go; Impalpable impressioos on the air, A sense oel something moving to and fro." The above is truly and delicately poetical, the very antipodes of the pernicious craze of the day-" spirit rappines" and palpable impressions, that are gaining so fatal a hold of credulous minds in America; and eke the neihlabourinq colony of Victoria. For the sterling aliele-t!he tree Spiritualism-we must ever consult and give credence to our great and only genuine Seers and " mediums," the poets. They will never lead us in an unhealthy or uhlloly path. In the lovely lyric above qaoted from, Longfellow also declares : "The spirit-world around this world of sense Floats like an atmosephere, and everywhere Wafts throun-h these earthly mists and vapours dense A vital breath of more ethereal air. a a a a a a a "And as the moon from some dark gate of cloud Throws o'er the sea a floating bridge of light, Across whose trembling planks our fancies crowd Into the realm of mystery and night, " So from the world of spirits there descends A bridge of light, connecting it with this, O'er whose unsteady floor, that sways and bends, Wander our thoughts above the dark abyss." The above exquisite simile suggests also the inspir ing idea of a veritablo "Jasoob's ladder," stretching from earth to heaven, whereon are continually aseend ingand descending tile "Shining Ones" of the Celestial City-amongst them (surely) the ever.anxious angels of our "loved and lost awhile I" The ancient Greeks and Romans held that every man had his guardian spirit or genius. Young, in his "Night Thoughts," also gives each of us moderns a guardian angel (which somn would fain have us dis trust and ignore) "Our reason, guardian angel, and our God." Plato, in his " Republic," quotes, with complete ap. proval, Hesiod's delectable doctrine-that when any of the race of heroes die, " They into spirits are changed, eartdkhauntig, benod flcont, holy, Mighty to screen us from harm, and of epeech-gifted men theo protectors." hever yet was a great poet, ancient or modern, who disbelieved in an immortal or spirit world, or in the angelical inhabitants of that world being (as Hesiod has said) "earththaunting, benefiocent, holy." The late Oharles Kingsley, in a charming poem-" The Mango Tree"-(reprinted last week in the Queenefana Times, with a loving and just eulogium on its admirt able author) makes the widow of a deceased hero speak as follows concerning her husband and their three loved little ones who had now joined him in the Deathless Land: "'Tie I, not they, am gone and dead ! They live; they know; they feel; they ese; Their spirits light the golden shade Beneath the giant mango tree." In Tennyeon's "New Year's Eve." the words of the dying girl (the last year's joyous "May Queen") will also be remembered: "If I can, I'll come again, mother, from out my resting place; The' you'll not see me, mother, I shall look upon your face; The' I cannot speak a word, I shall hearken what you say, And be often, often with you when yon think I'm far away." Very beautiful and natural, too, in the Laureate's well-known poem, "The Grandmother," is the gar. rulity and discernment of the dear old soul concerning the beloved of her heart who have "gone before" : ' And Harry and Obharlie!-I hear them etill!-they sing at their team ; Often they come to the door in a pleesant kind of a dream : They come and sit by my chair; they hover about my bed; I am not always certain if they be alive or dead I" Good Dr. Watts, in his inimitable "Lullaby," has also landably and lovingly endeavoured to inspire the infant mind with the beautifal belief of Guardian Angels hovering about their bed. Who remembers not the lines P "Hush, my dear; lie still and slumber; Holy angels guard thy bed." Thomas Carlyle, in a glorious and profound passage in "Barter Benartus," tells us concerning real ghosts. "Are we not (ourselves) Spirits," he says, "that are shaped into a body, into an Appearance, and thatfade away again into air and Invisibility P We start out of Nothingness, take figure, %nd are Apparitions; cound us, as round the veriest spectre, is Eternity; and to Eternity minutes are as years and enous. Come there not tones of Love and Faith, as from celestial harp-strings, like the Song of beatified Soule P . 0 Heaven! it is mysterious, .it is awful, to consider that we not only carry each a future Ghost within him, but are, in very deed, Ghosts!" Lastly, and, with respect to a circumambient spirit world, perhaps the loveliest testimony of all, is that of Milton, in "Paradise Lost." Ere, looking up from Eden at the myriads of stare, " sparkling conviction on the darkest mind"-throbbing like "living sap phires" in the " measureless azure" of heaven-in qaires of her Adam: ' But wherefore all night long shine these P-for whom This glorious sight, when sleep hath shut all eyes P" To whom our general Ancestor replied: "These (orbs), though unbeheld in.deep of night, Shine not in vein. Nor think, though men were none, That heaven would want spectators, God want praise: fillions of spiritual creatures malk the earth Lnseen, both when we wake and when we sleep. All these, with ceaseless praise, His works behold Both day and night." After Milton I need not, nor dare not, add another word ; except that amongst those " millions of spiritual creatures" are, doubtless, our dear departed, who, though unseen by us, are ever near us, watching ever us, and loving us, with an infinite tenderness, still. S. G. MEE. Brisbane. 