ON DIOOTORS.... (From On Babics and Ladder;./ Doerons are tall imen with eye- glasses and black coats, and shipy ihats, and bends in their backs. They have soft voices, and speak as if they had just left off singing very solemn music. i They, smile softly when they meet you, and shake hands with you in a slow and deliberate way. They love the society of canary, birds and leeches, and other., sprightly and entertaining animals. They get their clothes brushed every time the clock etrikes, and-'rub their hats with damp towels to make them glisten. They drink cold water when they rise in the morn ing for their health, and put oil in their hair for the:good of trade.' They are much afraid of ghoste.' " . ' . . ' ... A man once told me that no:one ever yet ssw the ghost of a doctor, for the moment a doctor dies all the other ghosts gather round his ghost, and treat it so' badlythat it is ashamed to show its face to.' respectable people ever afterwards. He told me that the reason of this is because the doctors made nearly all the other ghosts, and ghosts are a most ungrateful class of people. '1: :' When doctors come into .a parlour or drawingroom ,they bow,and rub one hand over' acother,'and i ile 'and baent'bdr s 'ydn, and ask in a whisper, *" howaore'we gettiiig on ? " Then.they-walk over to the chimney glass and arrange their scarfs and hair, and the folds of their shirt. After this they turn their backs to the glass, and having stretched out their arms to the full loength, twist their wristbands a little, and smooth the back of one hand with the palm of the other. All this makes them cool and collected, and proveBtesthem. from looking within' ten' years of their real ago. ... ,. , 'Vhen noctors comn into a beijroom they smile and talc: 'about 'tlhe wehtbher and' the pricoof mutton. Then they look out of;tht iv'indo?v, and ask_.who. lives. opposite, 'and vhetlher his eldest daughter is not married ,t young Edmunds of the Lancers, and' if there is any truth in 'theo 'ruimour' that' his eldest eon has given up his wild habits, and is attending to his profession. After tliid they walk over, to:the sick pereonand say, "'well; so you have persuaded yourself that' you are not well. Now, let us see-let us' see." Then they catoh hold of the person's ,hand, and take out a hugs gold watch, and look as if they were going to sleep. "Aftor' a while they shut th's wath-coase with a loud' snap and sigh tfaintly, as if theywere wakling;' then look 'uir at the' coeiling; and look down at the ground, and make figures with the toes of their, bboots on the carpet. After thiu they ask howoiften the nick person has alked what o'clock:"it:'.was during the past week, and if lihe 'ti been "son -piokiig his teeth with a br'~i n'hil: or'outting his hair with a rat-trap. After they. have been answered they roquet tho' sick iperson to put out'hie tongue. When .they sed'tho ' tongue' tihey say, " him," very softly, and sit.down with auotheor sigh. They thou inquire'if the sick person has expressed any wishll for' sausage's or buttered Scotch or-oxalic acid or any other poison, or if he. has been using terms of affection in connection with the name of his mother-in-law or with the'commune, or with tihe indcome tax,'or if hIe has' in' any'othor way exhibited decided symptoms of a wander ing or enfeebled mind. Upon being answered 'lthey say. ",' h'm "' again, and leave the room immediately afterwards. As soon as they got back to the parl6ur or drawing-room thoy say that tho sick person is not in good health, and he must be kopt as quioet us possible. They order him to be provided with a pocket handkorolhioef, and light literature, and whey or brandy, according to his taste. Thoy forbid that he shall see any bills, or telegrams in the daily papeors, or anything oelse which would be likely to excito or oxasperato him. Then theoy take up a piode of paper, and write a fow badly-spelled words,; and draw three loggol stools and frying- paun, and regi moents of soldiers, and otheor childish figures upon it, arid requssts to Ihave thiseent to the npothocary's. WVhen the apothecary sees this he says,' Oh, botheor! and place? it on a file. Ho thenou takes a bottle of par ralfin oil, and having put a pinch of salt and, a little nutmsg into it, sonds it home to the sick man. There are a groat number of doctors in this country. A man once told me that if all joined hands they would reach from North Shields to Truro. I don't believo this. For if there weore so many doctors in this country, how could half tho other people live. The same man told me that' doctors are the safety valves of slciety, f?ur1 whenovor sueciuty is in dangor of bursting because of too much internal pressure the doctors let off a proper number of the popu lation, and the disaster is obviated. : I once went to a doctor when I was suffer ing from a toothache. He said it was best to get the tooth out. I asked him to take it out for me. ie immediately produced a pincers, -and before I knew what he was about he was standing a few feet away frc.m me, with the tooth in thepindcers." I placed a sovereign on the table, and turned to leave the room, when he called after me. lo said he could not think of taking a sovereign for extracting one tooth, and as I had been so good as to give the sovereign he would not insult me by offering me any. of it back, but that he would nact fairly to wards me, and take out two mere teeth on the spot without making any additional charge. I replied that although the pain was not gone I did not. feel disposod to haive any more taken out. He said' ho hoped I' would not deny him the pleasure of doing a friendly turn for one, who had behaved so handsomely by him;. and he added, his professional reputation would be compro mised if it were known he had given such bad value. After a little more I consented. He immediately pulled out the other two, and I went away. The pain however only increased; and after a few hours so great did it become that I grew almost mad. isought anothote doctor and explaiined my case to him. After a few minutes, he gave a low whistle, and cried out, "whliy, miy dear sir, you had not tooth ache at all, but neuralgia; and if you got every 'molar: in your i mouth: extracted; it would not give you the least relief." , With" a miuffler round miy 'head-and ?a handkerchief in my mouth, I rushed back t6 the other doctor. • The-moment I set eyes on him I'sbhuted--' '7 , . S;"I want my teeth!.'! " ,i'0 i ' aYour teeth. • What do yaumean sir ?.'" "'I want''the teeth' th'at ?is--in:'"yur ignhodance-pilled: 'iti oft iof'o 'i feow. arbi ago."' ,I "You' can't havd' themin. They are' d?s troayed. " I thewt theiniinet.'?eire.' : -'I' Then, sir," I' oriod, shaking my fist at him, "I'11 have an action, against'yo fbior obtaining my'teoth under fslsepretondes.'. " That ! for your action," he yelled,asnap ping his fingers in my 'faco. :I lsftthe place and called upon an' iattdc ney without a moment's -loss of time.; But thse attorney told m' that I could not' tik'e an acnotion against the doct6r. There was no Iaw.againast'hieý taking and keopisg my tooth,. Isn't it strange that you could punish a madnfor taking a fourpenny hand kerchief out-of-your--pocket, and -you--can't. punish adoctor for taking that from which you would not part for a thousand pounds your teeth. ' • There - is a saying that - "whenu doctors differ'patiects die." A-man" dnce'told- ms that, this isea silly saying,- and that it ought to run, " when doctors agree patients die; for you cannot- be sure until - they. are all!iof the one mind. - 