COMMERCIAL AND MONETARY. IJOXDON, August 21. The wheat market is inactive, ami tho harvest is progressing favourably. Wool is easier. Since thc opening of thc sales on Wednesday there bas been a decline of one penny per lb. as compared with thc last soricB, of sales, except in Port Phillip ilccccs. Sydney fleece is throe half-pence lowor. The copper market is steady, with firm prices. Chili is worth £82 10s. to 1:87 J Os., «nd Wallaroo £00 per ton. It will bc seen by advertisement that thc I prize certificates awarded attho lato show of tho I Fitzroy Pastoral, Agricultural, and Horticul- tural Society are now ready for delivery, and may bo had on application to Mr. AV. C. Clements, lion. Secretary to the Association. AT thc Police Court, yesterday, about six hours were occupied in thc examination of witnesses in thc case of Henry Cargill and Edward Spanning, charged with forgery. Thc case has excited great interest for weeks past, and a number of people visited thc Court throughout the preliminary hearing yesterday. From what transpired, it seems evident that thc intricacies of the case, as far as Cargill is concerned, are somewhat per- plexing. Several witnesses were examined at great length, and as will be seen from our report, Mr. C. S. D. Melbourne, who appeared for the prisoner, submitted to them some very pertinent questions. Air. Leeson, senior operator in the Rockhampton telegraph office, was in thc witness-box for over two hours, and during his cross-examination hy Mr. Mel- bourne some important facts wcro elicited iu reference) to thc possibilities of nefarious con- duct on thc part of men in charge of lincB ; also of thc many safeguards ibero arc against sucli con- duct. From what circumstances were mentioned by Mr. Leeson, there can bc no doubt that a telegraph linc cauuot lie manipu- lated for merely private and unrighteous ends without great risk of the offuudcr's detection. Thc whole case against Cargill is so compli- cated, however, that a conviction will only bc secured with groat difficulty. Kow that thc additional sum has been voted by Parliament for the waterworks cx tcusion, and thc low prico of iron warrants thc hope that thc additions will bc made at a considerably less cost than was originally ex- pected, thc tine is not inopportune to rccou eidcr the question of public baths. Thc waterworks have already proved a great boon to thc town, not tho most insignificant benefit being the gratuitous supply at the stand- pipes of one of life's chief requisites lo our four-footed friends. In a climate like oms the bath can hardly bc deemed a luxury to bipeds, and hence thc construction of public baths may as properly be embraced in thc waterworks scheme aB foun- tains and diiuking-troughs. If the Corporation, therefore, can sec their way to provide the peo- ple with bathing accommodation, they will con- fer an inestimable benefit upon the town, and there is every reason to believe that the portion of capital so invested would he just as reproduc- tive as the vest. The summer is now rapidly approaching, and the thought of a swim in thc pure fresh water supplied from the Murray Lagoon is itself refreshing. We inayadd that this sucgcBtion is not our own, but that it is understood to have been already mooted in the Water Supply Committee. In oil probability some further information will transpire on tho subject at Thursday's meeting. THE fifty-second monthly meeting of thc Rockhampton Building and Investment Society will ho held at thc Secretary's rooms, Kast strcct, this evening, at half-past seven o'clock. ATELKOBAM received nt the Police Oflicc last night, is to the effect that two prisoners, names and offences unknown, will arrive herc this morning hy tho Tiuunce, fruin Mackay, their destination being tho Rockhampton Gaol TUB Banana and Taroom mails, due last evening by train, did not arrive. Thc cause of delay is unknown here. As tho weather has been unexceptionally fine for some timo past, wc see no reason why tho con- tractor should not bc called upon to account for tho delay, Now that the value of fat stock has a ten- dency downwards it is worth notice that a few days ago 1O00 head of fat cattle were sold at Bowen Downs at tho very satisfactory price of £7 per head, cash on delivery at thc station stockyard. The draft were at once started for thc northern golit-fields, where their wcll-put on condition will make thom very acceptable. WE arc sorry to record tho fact that thu scourge of measles Jins appeared hero at lost. A gentleman who came from Brisbane by the last steamer is now suffering from an undoubted attack of measles, and ibero is some reason to apprehend that tho complaint will go through the families of thc town. We aro glad to hear that our municipal authorities arc ] determined to adopt such sanitary measures, in thc shape of cleaning gutters and improving lanes, as it may bo hoped will mitigate thc sovcrity of the epidemic. A MAS named William Scarr was brought in from Cowarral last night by some of his friends, aud, after being examined by Dr. Salmond, was sent to the lockup for protec- tion, thc impression being that bc was non compos mentis. For some time past the unfortunate mau, who is a miner, has been acting in an eccentric mauncr ; and foal's were entertained as to his safety whilst at large-hence the action of his friends in taking measures for his well-being and proper treatment. Scorr will bc brought before the Bench this morning. TUE speaking tube is a useful invention, hut it is sometimes an inconvenience. " .-Egles," iu the Australasian, tells thc following story : -" I have alwaj's felt groat sympathy for medical men dragged from their warm beds on chilly nights to attend some malade imaginaire. I Tile inconvenience of responding to midnight knocks sud rings has induced the occasional usc of a speaking tube, one end of which is available outside thc hall-door, and the flexible other end thc doctor tucks comfortably under his pillow. But even this contrivance is not without its drawbacks. Dr. -, who is a married mall and strictly circumspect, had his new speaking tube practically tested the other night. He had returned late and tired, fully resolved to have some ueedful rest, and not to go out till next morning. He was scarcely asleep before a signal came 1 through tho tube. 'Who's there?'said thc doctor, simulating rather unsuccessfully a female voice. Thc reply was thc name of a ; disturber who had before called bim up for ! some trifling ailment. So thc answer was sent down, 'Thc doctor's out,' und the colloquy I was thus continued ;-Visitor: 'Sureit'syour- self that speaking, doctor.' M.D.: 'Thc doctor's out, 1 tell you.' Visitor: 'Come I down; I won't keep 3rou a minute.' M.I). : I 'The doctor's not come home yet.' Visitor: I ' Tbon it's time bc did-for I'll swear there's a I mau in his bedroom.' And then that doctor ] corked up the end of his new speaking-tube, and slid down the bannisters with tho chamber poker." Tiip followine channina «Wv i° »ni««-».! Li- the Ballarat correspondent of thc Pleasant Creek Sews :-" About eighteen months ago a resident of this district, who boasted, aud, I believe, truthfully, of tho fact of thc blue blood of an old family coursing through his veins, married, and left to settle elsewhere. At tho time thc ceremony was performed the gentleman in question attracted just that small amount of notice usually accorded by the world to one who sometimes can nfloril thiecpenuyworth of beer for his Sunday's dinner, but more frequently cannot. How- ever, a few friends did assemble together, and wish all happiness to the newly-wedded pair, who shortly slipped away from us unper- ceived, and not missed. When 1 state thc I wife (a stranger 'hereabouts) was as poor and unknown as thc man she knelt beside at thc altar, I shall have said all that need bc said concerning a marriage of which few were aware, and about which as many cared. Hard work in another colony was to the couple the only reward that seemed likely to mark the fulfil, ment of a long and affectionate engagement. Neither had to their knowledge kith or kin on the face of the earth, so placed strong reliance in each other when they plighted their troth. Now mark what the whirligig of time brought shout, lu April last the husband was'wanted,' not hythe police, but by a firm of solicitors, who then placed him in possession of some riverside property in London, the rent-roll of which means a little over £13,000 annually. He had kin, but so far removed as to be quite unknown to him. Thc mail which reached last told of further favours in store for the fortunato couple. The wife had succeeded, not to a title, but to what is better, ÍS4.O0O, bequeathed to her by her natural brother, of whose existence she was doubtful, and of whose whereabouts and (as events have proved) riches she had not thc ghost of au idea." 