MADAME RISTORI Madame Ristori played Elizabeth for the third time last night, in the presence of a large and intellectual audience. The diffi culties which beset the spectator who listens to a language with tbe meaning of which he is unfamiliar are materially lessened after seeing an artist like Restori in the same part several times. You get accustomed to par ticular scenes and incidents and the dialogue or declamation arising out of them; and thus a sense of fuller enjoyment is realised. It is impossible to over-praise Madame Ristori's impersonation of Elizabeth of England. There are subtle glances and eloquent gestures thnt defy analysis. During the pnssionate out bursts of the Earl of Essex, in the famous quarrel scene, the Queen seated in her Chair of State, does nothing but act with her face and hands, and they are made to speak a language that boxes, pit and gallery can at once interpret. Again, when she learns the fate of her favorite, nothing could exceed in power and truthfulness tho acuteness of the haggard misery then displayed. Tho announcement of the execution of the only man she ever loved, came upon her with all the force of a thunderbolt. From that moment until she gives up the ghost, Elizabeth suffers all the torments of the damned. The death scene was awful in its realism. The King of Terrors was on the scene. And yet in nil this there is no straining after effect, no spasmodic screeching, no approach to rant ; but on the contrary, all the sensations exhibited seemed to rise spontaneously out of the circumstances of the hour, and hence the absolute and entire success which marks the representation of the greatest of living ac tresses. The part of the Earl of Essex was splendidly sustained by Signo Majeroni, aud, indeed, all the characters were rendered with a care and fidelity rarely witnessed during the acting of an English play. What Salvini is doiDg in London, that is Ristori accomplishing in Melbourne. Both are teaching lessons which actors and actresses will do well to learn. To-night Judith will bo represented for the first time in this city. 