THE MELBOURNE « ARGUS" AND BISHOP MORAN'S LECTURE (Mew Zealand Tablet, June 5th.) SOME kind friend in Victoria has been good enongh to send us the Argus of the 18th May, in whioh there is a leader on Bishop Moran's lecture on the "Bankruptcy of Liberalism." We are very much obliged to our anonymous friend, but regret he should have put himself to so much trouble to such little purpose, unless, indeed, it was his intention to amuse us. The article of our contemporary is not worth much. As a criticism on the lecture, it is jejune in the extreme, and as an evidenoe of industry, it is deplorable. The writer does not appear to have read tbe leeture which he makes such great pretence of criticising, Indeed, there are so many passages in it coincident with oertain parts of the leader which appeared in the Otago Daily Times, in reference to the leoture, that we are disposed to think that the Argus man derived all his information from our Dunedin contemporary. For example, the Argus says," Liberalism, according to this Catholio luminary, was born amid the terrors and outrages of the French Revolution." The Otago Daily Times eaid the same substantially. But this is untrue, as we pointed out subsequently. Bishop Moran did not say what these two newspapers have attributed to him on this point. Again, the Argus says, It is hard to believe that Bishop Moran is not densely ignorant of the principles and forces that have begotten the revolutions of modem history, and what is worse, absolutely at fault with regard to the position andinflnenoe of his own church." The Daily Time* said the same, though in different words. The Argus says, "We are paying the Bishop a higher compliment than he deserves, when we assert, with a whole shelf of historical authorities behind lis, that the Papacy was a direot progenitor of the Involution, and that the liberalism he denoimoes as largely nourished on its tyrannies and 1 abuses." If. the passage about the "whole shelf of historical authorities" and the'compliment, be excepted, the Daily Times said the same. The coinoidenoe is striking. We wish to be polite and duly sensible of the favour done us, but really we fail to see in what the compliment consists.' It is very gratifying to us, however, to learn that the Argus man has behind him suoh an excellent library. But we regret that on the occasion of his writing this rather strong leader, he had not this " whole shelf of historical authorities" before him. To know that he only had it behind him, is not reassuring on .the soore of ascuracy. An authority or .two in support of biB very extraordinary assertions would have beenmach morii'satisfactory than the asBurance that he had a lot of authorities in the back ground. Towards the end of his article, the writer in tbe Argus puts within brackets these words, " Cannot the ghosts of Alva and his butchered viotims haunt the dreams of this unconscious cleric?" Our contemporary has, some time or another, read Motley's Philippic. which he, as well as the author himself, has mistaken for calm, impartial history, an'i has treated his readers to this spicy passage by way of a finisher. But, although the reference is irrelevant, we must not find much fault with him, as it is only the usual red pepper with which newspaper writers generally season their otherwise insipid commonplace. The writer, of course, must in some way show that he is a man of learning and miscellaneous reading, and that if he only thought it worth his while, he could utterly demolish the Bishop's lecture. It might be a little difficult to do this in an intelligible way; but he could do it if only he set about it, as is plain from the Blashing article in which be has condescended to notice the poor production I It is not necessary to sav any more on the subject to-day; but should the editor of the Argus change his position in reference to that " whole shelf of historical authorities," and seriously set himself the task of refuting the lecture, we promise to forget the red pepper, the ghosts of Alva and his butohered victims, and Motley'B impassioned romanoe, and calmly weigh his argnments. We would recommend him, however, not to confine himself to such authorities as Sismondi, Carlyle, and Motley. Not one of these has written history, 