She fSSristae (S>m\mx. ti'UULISIlED DAILY.] Saturday, December 25, 1875. -A. Whatever may be thought of the administrative defects of the Disraeli Ministry in their home measures, the vigor with which their foreign policy is carried out deserves all commendation. Although, as Lord Derby said at Liverpool the other day, they may regard that policy as to some extent insular, it is clear that they attach a more extended meaning to that term than its usual acceptance would confine it to. insularity from Continental disputes is quite compatible with a due regard to imperial interests, and imperial interests are not to be bounded by the shores of the island of Great Britain, or to be interpreted exclusively by the prejudices or opinions of its inhabitants. To carry out such a policy requires tact and decision sometimes hardly compatible with that slowness of movement incidental to representative institutions; but then it is to be remembered that the well-being of an empire of whose population that of the old country scarcely numbers one tenth, ought not to be entirely subjected to the will of an elective body, sent by that fraction to represent them. If it may be doubted whether the machinery of representation as in use in the British dominions, does not require very grave reform before the institution itself can answer its ostensible purpose, it may with still greater reason be assumed that the local representative body which sits in St. Stephen's is hardly equal to the control of a policy of universal interest, or of dealing with subjects upon which nine-tenths of its members are almost wholly ignorant. The guidance of the foreign policy of the empire is therefore wisely left rather to be judged by results than to be determined by majorities that which we call the prerogative of the Crown taking the initiative in all cases where it may be required, those exercising it remaining responsible for the consequences. The bold stroke of the Disraeli Cabinet, of which the telegraph brought us news last week, would, we should imagine, command the approval of all parties in the mother country, and of every portion of the empire. The purchase of the interest of Ishmael Pasha in the Suez Canal has not only given to Great Britain a preponderating influence in the possession and maintenance of that work, and thus ensured the safety of the great highway between her self and her Indian, Eastern, and Australian possessions, but has gone far to postpone any war which could much concern her or their welfare for some years to come. There can now no question arise as to guarantees of neutrality from Russia or any other power, or the price to be paid for them, when we are in possession. As we read the telegram, the sum to be paid is about four millions sterling, for which the equivalent is the position, interest, and powers of the Khedive in the Suez Canal Company. His pecuniary share was nearly one-half wo may assume that what was wanting to make an Engb'sU' majority was already in the hands of British proprietors. His right to veto proposals to, in fact, in great measure control the management, has passed from him to a Government which, in itself and its subjects, become the managing body. There is very little chance now of those disputes which once vexed the shareholders and did not strengthen the Khedive, and for the rest, whatever he might have undertaken in the way of guarantee to them will be rather strengthened than otherwise by the transfer of his interest to the British Government. Their position seems likely to become a somewhat peculiar one; for they are at once principal holders of a great property in a foreign state, and buyers of the sovereign powers of its ruler as regards that property. Were the Sultan of Turkey in a less insignificant condition, he would hardly have permitted such a bargain to be made by one whom it has been the fashion to suppose his vassal, although in reality far more powerful and independent than himself. We are told that Austria, Germany, and France have expressed their satisfaction at the transfer, but that the Russian Chancery have yet kept silence. The astute directors of that mysterious diplomacy will perhaps be puzzled what to say. The road to the East is in the hands of Great Britain? that is a fact which is not to be denied and being so, it may seem hardly worth while to cavil at its causes, when cavil is unavailing. But it must have been a bitter pill to the extreme haters of British power and British policy to find that the highway to the East was now virtually a British possession. It is one to be easily defended, ready of access to our fleets and armies, and with moderate expense might be made almost unassailable so long as a strong naval force could be concentrated against an assailant. Whether Constantinople fall ultimately into Russian hands or not is of comparatively small importance to England now that the command of the Isthmus of Suez has passed to her, and there has been no bolder or abler measure in the preservation of British interests for many years than the one by which that command was so suddenly and unexpectedly attained. When M. de Lesseps first proposed the Suez Canal there was much dislike and opposition to his project in England. Lord Palmerston hated it, and Lord Palmerston, during the last twenty years of his life, was a power in all that concerned our foreign policy. English engineers of high reputation were engaged to deny the possibility of carrying it out; economists demonstrated that it could not pay ; politicians either doubted its value to our commerce when made, or saw in the nationality of the proposer a cause of alarm. Probably no enterprise has been undertaken amidst greater difficulties or against more determined hostility, or carried on under more disappoint- ments and reverses. Even when completed its value was denied and its permanence disputed, and only the logic of use proved its importance and settled its substantiality. But could the ghost of the jaunty old Premier be permitted to give audible token of his possible feeling at the present results of the Suez Canal, would he express surprise or regret 1 or would those who saw in the good-will shown to it by Napoleon the Third, only an evidence of some deep design to increase French influence in the East, really believe in the congratulations of France at its becoming not the least important amongst the most valuable of the British possessions. The history of the world during the last thirty-five years has been one of revolutions and sunrises sufficient to make the hair of a last-century politician stand on end; and one of the most unexpected of surprises has been that which this purchase has caused. A great political fact has been accomplished at the cost of a very moderate modern commercial transaction, without the waving a flag or firing a gun. Egyptian securities should rise in value now, and the stability of the Egyptian Government increase in the appreciation of States, unless, indeed, some Continental alarmist sees in this transaction but the beginning of another British absorption, and in the inspection of Egyptian finances the initiation of an enquiry as to what that might finally cost. Having got what to us is the kernel, we should hardly think the acquisition of the husk a matter worth troubling about. Probably few of us consider how much the happiness and misery of life, as well as the term of its duration, may be influenced by the skill or stupidity of our cook. Somebody has recently gone the length of calling this useful and necessary class of persons " the Thugs" of the household. The allegation may be true in a sense; but the practice of Thuggee is, in their case, accidental and unintentional. They do not kill us with malice aforethought. Neither do they stay us suddenly. They allow us to linger out many years. The process of destroying the human stomach of breaking down and wearing away the substance of the corporeal furnace, so to speak, by supplying it with impro- per fuel, in the shape of badly-cooked and therefore indigestible food, is a gradual one. It takes a long time to ruin the admirable and exquisitely adjusted mechanism of our bodies for although the process of destruction is usually commenced in infancy, and is mainly responsible for the putting away of 50 per cent, of the children who are born before they reach the age of five years, many of us contrive to linger on, with our digestive organs in a state of utter dilapidation and progressive decay, until we are fifty or sixty; a period of life which should according to the researches of Flourens and other eminent physiologists, constitute the half-way house of our physical existence. The epoch we live in has been variously designated. It has been called the age of great cities, the age of steam, the age of scepticism, the age of physical science, and so forth. But we wonder no one has ever thought of calling it the age of dyspepsia. For we are nothing, if not dyspeptic. Dyspepsia is one of the chief factors of contemporary history. It pervades diplomacy, statesmanship, art, and literature. Can anyone doubt that Count Benedetti was dyspeptic when he wrote that confidential despatch from Ellis, which was the proximate cause of the Franco-German war; or that the Empress EucHrE was a sufferer from the same malady when she insisted on the foolhardy march to Berlin, in the Council of State held on the night before the announcement of hostilities was made in Paris ? Can anyone read some of the articles in the Saturday Review, the Fall MalljCtazetU, and in all the religious newspapers of the mother country, without perceiving how injuriously the cerebral action of the writers has been affected by the unhealthy condition of the blood which is pumped up to supply the waste of the organs which the mind uses for its work 1 The finest pianist in the world cannot play properly on a bad instrument, or on one that is out of tune. And to dyspeptic politics, look at Victoria, where the dyspeptic Higinbotham is raising a wail of lamentation over the death of the Liberal party, and refuses to be comforted and where the dyspeptic Berry, after requesting Sir James M'Culloch to join his Administration, mounts the stump two months afterwards, and denounces that gentleman as a sort of tailless devil; while the dyspeptic Age stands out in the middle of the road, like the Scotch laird, and " swears at large." Pascal once said that if Cleopatra's nose had been half an inch shorter, the whole history of the world might have been changed. But what might not have happened, and what might not have been prevented from happening, if the art of cookery had been universally understood and practised ? Does not Mr. Greville tell us, in his Memoirs, that the capture of Vandamme was the consequence of a stomach ache; and is it not generally believed that Napoleon Bonaparte lost one of his great battles in consequence of his capacity for clear and rapid thoughts, masterly combination, and swift decision, having been temporarily impaired by a fit of indigestion ? If there be " reason in roasting eggs," there was also wisdom in that arrangement by which he had some tender and carefully roasted fowls, ready for him every day in all his campaigns. This, thou, being the age of dyspepsia, when death lurks in the pot," in more senses than one, it is satisfactory to perceive that schools of cookery are being established in the mother-country, and that a similar institution has been founded in the capital of Victoria, where it has met with the utmost success. There can be no doubt it was very much needed. And of this an amusing illustration was recently afforded. There is a lying-in hospital in Melbourne, which is managed by a committee of one-and-twenty ladies. Complaints were made the other day by the inmates of that charity, of the taste ? less and innutritious character of the beef tea administered to them. It was found, I as usual, to result from the ignorance of the " young lady in the kitchen, who required to be instructed in the art and mystery of making beef-tea. But it turned out on enquiry that each of the twenty-one ladies was just as innocent of the necessary knowledge as the domestic abigail herself! They could have undergone an examination in many "polite" branches of knowledge? they could have translated a page of 2'clemaque without making very many mistakes? they could play the " Coronation March " in " Le Prophete " almost at sight they could discriminate between a tulle and a crepe lisse ruched with the utmost accuracy they could have repeated, if called " upon, the names of half the female sovereigns of England, and could enumerate the whole of Offenbach's operas but they couldn't make a cup of beef-tea ! This state of things, however, will soon cease for the mothers and daughters of the upper thousand, and of a good many middle-class people, too, in Melbourne and its suburbs are attending the cookery classes, and are learning for the first time the art of cooking a potato. Whether similar ignorance exists nearer home, is a question which we must leave our fair readers to answer for themselves; and we will conclude by (quoting these pertinent words from a wise little book entitled " Ourselves," by Mrs. Lynn Linton. " If the physician is healing, is not the cook health! We cannot free ourselves from the tether of material conditions, and the food tether is one of the stoutest. And if women would take up the subject and really study it is all its branches as one of the positive sciences, they would not only help forward the improvement of the human race? which perhaps would be no great incentive to some of the lighter sort but they would also gain knowledge and find interest." Christmas Eve was apparent in Queen-street last night in its most attractive aspect, and all Brisbane was there to look at the shop windows, and make the purchases customary to the season. The run of trade was chiefly in those lines of business supplying the wherewithal for Christmas festivities, presents, and merry- making. The butchers put their best side outwards, and were patronised to their hearts' desire. Mr. Ramsay displayed a saddle of mutton tastefully decorated, and beef of a quality, we may say, unsurpassed. Some of the cattle cut up for the occasion were from Taylor and Cory's station, on the Thomson River, and others from Cecil Plains, belonging to the same squatting firm. Two of the beasts weighed respectively 1200 lbs. and 1280s., but the carcasses displayed were less remarkable for their weight than their superior quality, and the meat called forth expressions of general admiration, The mutton, from wethers, cross-bred on Cecil Plains, averaged in weight Ofllbs.; and of lambs, also cross-bred, there were eighteen from the last-mentioned station, averaging SOJlbs. each, although under six months old. The small-goods were neatly and well got-up, and the shop was really worth a visit. The Co- operative Butchering Establishment next door also had a first-class show. The beef was from cattle bred on Messrs. Bell and Dutton's Bimerah station, on the Barcoo, and selected from a mob lately driven to Dalby under Mr. Bell's own charge. Two of the bullocks exceeded 100lbs. in weight, and, equally with those of Mr. Ramsay's from the Thomson, gave ocular demonstration of the meat producing capabilities of the far west. The sheep and lambs?cross-breds and merinoes were of superior quality, and obtained from Jimbour There was also a plentiful supply of veal, pork, and sucking pigs, and of small goods. The windows were decorated with an Cox's head and three hours together, making a good representa- tion of the Prince of Wales' feathers and on the front of the head were the words, " Go ahead 1870." On the opposite side of the street, Mr. Jost, in the same line, displayed some really good mutton, from merino and Leicester sheep, reared on his own selection, next Franklin Vale ; the beef was small but good, and other descriptions of meat were in good supply. The butchers were completely overrun with customers, and were unanimous in stating that they never before had such a busy Christmas Eve. It would be an endless and invidious task to particularise the specialities in other trades, but the jewellery establishment of Messrs. Flavelle Brothers calls for a passing notice. This is the first Christmas Eve on which they have kept open, and they are well pleased with the result of the experiment. In the upper window was a magnificent array of jewellery, tastefully laid out, and comprising several diamond suites, including brooch, bracelets, and earrings ; onyx cameos, tastefully cut ; beautiful lockets set in emeralds, diamonds, and rubies, and other articles, altogether forming a rich and brilliant collection of jewellery. The lower window was filled with plated-ware of chaste designs, most ? striking of which was a coffee extractor, electro-plated and in the shape of a Locomotives article said to be as useful as ornamental, bring capable of brewing clear and groundless coffee, of unexceptionable quality and flavor. The drapers, grocers, confectioners, dealers in fancy wares, booksellers and stationers, fruit dealers, tobacconists and shopkeepers generally did well, and we can offer them no better or more deserved companies t than to say that they were all doing a roaring trade, and were highly pleased with the auspicious beginning of the Christmas season. This was the more noticeable, as until within the last day or two complaints of dull trade were general, and the outlook was far from bright; but last night Queen-street was crowded as it never was before, and the visitors had abundance of money and the willingness to spend it. 