VICTORIA. LETTEE FROM ME. JOHN' MARTIN. Melbourne Advocate. JLhe following letter was received by the mail. As, most likely, it is one of the last written by Mr. Martin before his death, a melancholy interest attaches to it : — ' House of Commons, ?'Wednesday, 3rd March, 'My Dear Sir,— Your letter of 3rd Dec. reached me here last week, with remittance £18 5a., making up entire contribution received from Melbourne for the Mifcchel Testimonial to the very large sum of £36S 5s, 'lam deeply gratified to know that the Irish of Victoria — and indeed all Australia and New Zealand also — respect and love such quali ties and conduct as John Mitchel's life has ex hibited. No Irishman (nor other man) living has more distinguished himself by patriotic de« votion, and by courage, talent, and loyalty, in tbe cause of his oppressed and wronged native land, ' For myself, I am proud to have been made the medium for conveying; your generous con. tribntions to the man whom you and 1 desire to honour. ' You will have learned that Mr. Mitchel had suddenly come back to Ireland, shortly before the arrival of your last letter, and that the constituency of Tipperary had already elected him unanimously, unpledged and un questioned befor he touched the Irish aho^e It was an act worthy of Tipperary and worthy of the man. The English Government, it seems, fears to let even the ghost of John Mitchel ap pear in this House, to point ti the massacres and iniquities perpetrated against the Irish race by English rule. ' A contest is engaged between the Tippewy electors and this House, to see whether tho con stitutional rights of the constituency or the arbitrary rule of the majority here is to prevail. ] suppose constitution will be triumphantly torn to tatters by the Government, as many a time before, in pure spite against Ireland. 'Iain sorry to have to report that Mr. Mitchel's heaith is exceedingly delicate an*' fceble siuce he nama to Ireland this time. ' With heartfelt' thanks to yourself, and th« Melbourne Committee, and all contributors tfi the Testimonial. ' I am, dear Sir, ' Sincerely yourf, 'John Martix,' '' Jeseph Winter, Esq.D lion, Sec.' 3 