EVANGELICAL ALLIANCE. Fiest Dat : Monday, Mat 17. The annual meetings in connection with the Kvangelical Alliance were commenced in the Stow Leoture Hall on Monday evening, May 17. There was a large attendance, and on the plat form were the President, the Rev. James Hen derson (Presbyterian), who occupied the chair, Kevs. C. B. Symes, B.A. (Congregationalist), J. li. Parsons (Baptist), J. Lyall (Presbyterian), O. Linley (Methodist New Connexion), and the Hon. Secretary, Rev. j. Mo & win (Congrega tionalist). xne proceedings commenced Dy singing cne hymn 'Come, thou fount of every blessing,' and the offering of prayer by the Sir. Mr Symes. ANNUAL BEPOBT. The Hon. SeobstaRE then read his report, as follows:— 'The history of the Alliance during tbe past year tai been somewhat eventful, and has been marked by Beveral features altogether new. Tbe last ANNUAL MEETING was held in Pirie- street Lecture Hall on Monday evening, the 12th of May last. The President, B3V. W. P. Wells, occupied the chair, and delivered an address on the wants of the Church, whioh were characterised as greater spirituality of mind, greater unity, greater zasU, greater enthusiasm for Christ, and above all a greater measure of the Holy Spirit's influence. After the reports for the year had been presented and the officers and Committee appointed, the President - Elect, Rev. J. Henderson, was introduced to the chair, and addresses were fiven by the Rev. C. B. Symes oa Sabbath Observance, and Rev. P. Maclaren on the Revival in Edinburgh. On the Wednesday evening followiag the United Communion Seivice was held in the Franklin street Methodist Church, and was largely at tended. Reference was made' in last year's report to the ministerial prayer-meeting which «u held on tbe .last Monday of the month, but whioh was languishing -greatly. At the close of the annual meeting a few of the ministers waited to talk the matter over, and it wa determined to hold instead a ? ; NOONDAY PBAtBB MSBTHStG, which was at first intended to be monthly, but was almost immediately converted into.a weekly meeting. Pirie-street Lecture Hall was kindly offered for the purpose, and with varying suc cess the meeting has been- continued through the year, except during the extreme months of summer. The at endance, which is growing, has not hitherto averaged more than 30, and it is felt that there ought to be many times this cumber of Christians in the city able to spare one hour in the week from business to devote to prayer. A list of subjects for prayer has been prepared ; ministers have been appointed to conduct the meetings ; Mr. Sankey's hymns have been procured, and a ohoir of young ladies organised to lead the singing ; and we appeal to Christians to give the meeting life and power by their presence. Another feature of interest In the past year is THB WflEK 07 SPECIAL SKBTZ E8, which' were held in tbe Town Hall in September last. The City Council kindly reduced the rent of the Hall to £10 for the five nights, which sum was paid by Mr. Georgs Fife Angas, who is always forward to help m every good work. Special hymns were printed for the meetings ; two short, pointed addresses were giren each evening. ' All the cicyaad suburban ministers cordially united in the services, the large building was well^ filled each evening, and although no immediate res alts were reaped, yet it was felt that much good had b?en accom plished. It Is probable that the services will be repeated in a few month?, when an effort will be made by the introduction of the enquiry meeting to bring to a deoision at once those upon whom impressions may be made. The great event of the year to tne Christian world has been the extraordinary work of the American Evangelists, _ MESSES. MOODY AND SANKET, in Britain — a work which seems a larger repeti tion of Pentecostal times. A suggestion was made that these brethren should be invited to visit Australia. Falling in with whioh your Committee forwarded to them by the March mail a cordial and urgent request to that effect. That request should have reached its destina tion during l*st week ; bat, as most of you are aware, Messrs. Moody andSankey, in answer to a prior invitation from Victoria, have already signified that after their return from America, whither they will go for a short time after their stay in London, they will probably, visit Aus tralia. It is hoped thai perhaps some time during next year we may expect, if God will, to welcome them to our shores. In the meantime, however, the attention whioh has been drawn to the question of the revival of the Lord's work in our midst has done good, and the Con ference to be held to-morrow is partly the result of this. In November last united prayer meetings were held simultaneously in North and South Adelaide, and were well at tended. In February last the Alliance invited the Churches of South Australia to observe Sun day, 14th, as a day of public thanksgiving to the Lord for the bountiful harvest This invitation was very jtenerallj complied with, and on the following Wednesday evening united thanks giving services were held in Adelaide and North Adelaide. The attention of your Committee havi&s; been called to the abuse of the KIGHT PBBMTT SYSTEM:, they waited as a deputation upon the Chief Secretary to urge that a more stringent super* vision should be exercised in this matter, and that the power' to grant such 'permits should ba confined to Police and Special Magistrates, who are to some extent amenable to Government authority.- The deputation' was courteously received by the Chief Secretary, who promised to use his influence to carry out the views of your Committee. ' If the past;year has been eventful, THB OOMING YEAR will probably be more so. We meet in Confe rence to-tnorro v to consider seriously the present low condition of religion in the colony, and to ask what means caa be adopted to remedy this state of things. It will be the duty of the Committee to endeavor to carry -oat whatever resolutions may be arrived at, aad in reslnging our trust into your hands we claim for o«r successors your sympathy, your prayers, and your practical support.' FINANCES. In the absence of the Treasurer (Mr. G. W. Cotton), Mr. MoBwtN read his report, which showed that there was a balance due to him of £6 13s. 2d. The Rev. Mr. Symes, in moving the adoption of the reports, referred to that of the Secre tary, which, he Baid, was exceedingly well put together^ and showed in many ways the effi ciency of that officer. This having been seconded by Mr. Gbobgh Hangs, was carried unani mously. OFFICERS ANB COMMITTEE. The Rav. Clement Ltnley then moved— ' That the following gentlemen be the officers and Committee for the ensuing year :— Presi- dent, Rev. J. L. Parsons ; Hon. Secretary, Rev. J. McKwin ; Treasurer, .Mr. G. W. Cotton ; Committee — Revs. J. Henderson, J. Bickford, J. Lyall, F. W. Cox, James Jefferis, LL.B., J. B. Stephenson, P, McLaren, H. T. Burgess, C. B. Symes, B.A,, O. Linley, W. P. Wells, and Thomas Hope ; and Messrs. W. C. Buik, J.P., J. Colton, M.P., George Hance, F. Hann, T. W. Harris, S. McGregor, D. Murray, James Smith, James Soett, S. Whitmore,' and J. A. Bagshaw.' This was seconded by Mr. Bag shaw and carried. president's address. The Rev. J. Henderson, the retiring Chair man, then delivered an address, for which weT are quite unable to fiad room. It was of a very able character, and was listened to, as it de served to be, with the closest attention. The address reviewed the history of the Alliance during the past year, but it was occupied for thn most part in dealing with the question of spiritual revivals, and with other matters that have lately claimed the attention cf the reli gious world. Each subject was handled in a lucid asd liberal manner. The address closed with these words — 'We gratefully acknowledge the varied opportunities it haa afforded of meet ing with brethren, different, it may be, in de nominational designation, but one ia heart and sympathy and aim. How delightful to meet as brethren in Christ, t- meet thus in free and unfettered conference, to bow together at a throne of grace, to go forth in co-operation in works of beneficence. May the union of heart and aim be rendered stronger and more compre hensive during the ye ^r to come, and though as separate seets we may pitch our tents some what apart, as did the tribes of old, still, like them, may we see the. pillar of cloud and fire aa a glory in our midst, * Speaking the truth in love ' may we strive to 'keep the unity of ths spirit in the bond of peace. As many as walk by this rule, paace be upon them, and mercy ever upon all the Israel of God.' ( applause.) He was exceedingly glad that the Rav. Mr. Paisons had been selected as President, and he had mush pleasure in presently him as the President of the Alliance for the ensuing year. (Applause.) THE PRESIDENT- ELEOr. Mr. Parsons, on taking the ohair, said that on accepting that position be made two stipu lations—one was that he should be allowed to retire when he desired, and the other that nothing should be expected of him in the way of speeches or addresses. He thought that it would be very frigid on his part if. after re ceiving such a proof of the confidence and esteem of his bre'hren, he should take tbe chair in unresponsive pilence. The pisitiou was in his view the most honorable ttie Churches had at their disposal, and he wished therefore to express his deep 8t-nse of the regard and trust his election implied. I wish also to say,' he continued, ' that it is peculiarly gratifying to me that the closing months of my mini sterial life should present thus prominently that honest unity with all true Christians which throughout its course I have cherished and manifested. The Christ in whom I have believed and believe, is one in whom no Church oan claim a monopoly, and the Gospel vhioh I have sought to preach has been a Gospel whioh no denomination can oircumvallate with a creed or labnl with any speoial trade marks, and I be lieve this to ba the true Christian temper and attitude. {Hear, hear.) The New Testament in deed recognised no man as. a Christian at all who Is not full of love, humility, and tolerance, and who does not consider others better than, himself. But, though I mention this, I do not think I am one whit ia advance or one atom mere sincere than my brethren around me. No man, therefore, as I understand, may, because he holds certain views upon Church, polity, or the pioper tests of membership, or upon the mode or subjects of an ordinance, may on either of these accounts be shy of or much less ' wrangle with those who think differently, unless, indeed, he agrees with that, strange apologist for a testy and quarrelsome spirit, who boldly affirmed that without controversy great is the mystery of godliness, meaning that only controversy could clear tae mystery up. But the kingdom of God is not meat and drink, neither is it orders, or organizations, or ordinances; but it is righteousness, and peace, and joy. in the Holy Ghost. Every Christian man is, ba fact, the brother of every other Christian. One may pride himself upon a fancied superiority in ?direct lineage and culture, and may even dis own the other ; yet they are members of one family, children of one Father, brethren of one Saviour, and though the proud and bigoted may.- scorn and despise the humble and charitable, yet he cannot prevent these also from olaiming to be of the same spiritual ktth._ And happy is he who meekly bears dudain and disownment, and yet reverences that kinship which makes \ hose who act against their spiritual nature brethren still, and loves them notwithstanding. The imperfection of the human faculties makes finality in know ledge impossible. And the history of Chris tianity in the times of the Apostles, and in every century since, furnishes incontestable evidence that identity of opinion is not to be expected, even if it be to ba desired. And when we consider kow wide y men differ upon the meaning of words, upon the force of argu ments, and even upon what'' are termed ascer tained facts, how vain an idea uniformity in religion becomes. In political economy, in law, in philosophy, and in science too we see men of honest purpose and sound judgment arrive at very different conclusions. And when we remember that the Christian faith ia based upon a Book which gives an ac count of the genesis of the material universe, and of the origin of life, which touches the pro foundest questions in metaphysics, which is concerned with, all the complex relations of practical ethics, which reveals how man fell from innocency, how he is to be restored to God, and what he is to believe and do, and which embraces in its scope the solemnities of the close of life here, the dim region of Hades, ' and the conditions of eternal existence, we can only marvel .that any man who knows men or any Church which professes to derive its autho rity from tbe inspired writings where the pos sibility of difference of opinion is clearly re cognised, should ever dream that absolute identity of belief is possible. At best we only see the reflection upon a mirror dimly. At best we know only in part, and if any man think he knows anything, he knows nothing as he ought to know. At best we are to remember that Christ has other sheep which are not of this or of that flick. At best we are commanded by the Great Head of the Church not to forbid any to call themselves HIb disciples, and to work for him, even though they do not follow with the Apostles themselves. However firmly any may oe convuiceu tne unurcn to wmen mey belong is tbe true representative of the religioa of Jesus, yet if ia other Churches they see men liftt'd oat of sensuality and intemperance and irreligiousness, they ought to hail their work as good. It is surely better that men should be. sober, honest, and God- fearing, -however faulty their creed may be deemed, and however irre. gular the order of the ministry they attend may by considered, than that they should be vicious or dishonest or worldlings er infidels. The New Testament plainly teaches that men are to exercise the right of private judgment. Eveiy man to be fully persuaded in his own mind — he is to prove all things, and no one is to judge for another, for to his own Master he stands or falls. And I think the great mass of men are weary of the strife of words, of bigotry, of intolerance, and of - excommunica tions. They agree, and I agree with them in the main, with the elder Hood, who rebuked a sour-minded theological critic of the day by telling him : — ' A man may cry * Our Chnrch,' ' our Church,' at every word, with no more piety than other people.' And then adds — 'A daw's not reckoned a religious bird be oause he keeps a-cawing from a steeple.' And it is this eternal clamor of ' Our Church, our ereed, our orders,' and ; the isolation and the unchristianising of others which it begets, which gives at least a show of truth to that terriblest of modern epigrams — ''Christianity has failed ; men must return to Christ.' While, however, I plead for the fullest and broadest tolerance, I trust I shall not be numbered among the apostles of the modern Diana of Doubt. Doubt, however sin cere, is a confession of ignorance, and surely doubt is not the ultimate development of tbe human intellect or of the soul illuminated by the Holy Ghost. The things that are written were written that we may know, not that we may doubt. And though there may be a deli cious fascination in seeing the paths of truth through a misty bazs, yet the pilgrim who has taken his staff and set out on. the search for certainty, will climb higher and ever higher where the disturbing vapors lie far below ; and will wait and watch there till the sun has cleared them away, and the whole expanse of truth lies clear about him, with not a cloud between. No couplet in the English tongue has been so perverted as that one which is so often quoted to excuse the pertent conceit and the shallowest scepticism — .- ' There lies more faith in honest doubt, Believe me, than in half the creeds.' It is as false to wrest that out- of its connection and use it as a complete axiom as it is to say to men, ' Work out your own salvation,' and not to add, ' For it is God who worketh in you bith to will and to do of His good pleasure.' For of him of whom this honest doubt is predi~ cated the Laureate says : — '? Perplext in faith, but pure in deeds, At last he beat his music out, He fought his doubts, and gathered strengths He would not make his judgment blind ; He faced the spectres or the mind, And laid them; thus he came at length To find a stronger faith his own.' So must the perplexed push on through doubt to faith that we may know the things whioh are f ceely given to ua of God. Kven then we must not count that we are already perfect. But where to we have attained we are to walk by the same rule and mind, the same thing, and this might be emblazaaed on the title of oor alliance. Aad while we read it there we patiently expect and hops that in things wherein we are other* wise minded God will reveal even this unto us. (Loud applause ) Mr. PARSONS then expressed his hope that the ensuing period would be suc cessful. ( applause.) UCPEESSIQKS OF ESSLI3H AND CONTINENTAL BELIGIOOS UPffi. The Rev. Jakes Lyall then delivered an. interesting addres.--, giving his impressions of English and Continental religious life. Th& rev. gentleman referred in glowing terms to th& revivals wrought in Scotland, through the. agency of Messrs. Moody and Sankey, aud then dwelt at some lengih on the encouraging signs of the progress of the Gospel in Italy. TOTES OF THANES. The Rev. Mr. liieS/wra, in proposing a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. Hendersoa. fer his services during the past year, remarked that he had heartily C3-operated with him in every* thing he suggested for the working of the Alliance. He also referred in flattering terms to the address Mr. Henderson delivered that evening. This was seconded by Mr. Lyall, and carried unanimously. Mr. HENDERSON, in re turning thanks, said he had fouBd the office of President exceedingly pleasant, and hoped his ? successor would find it equally bo. A collection having been made, the pro ceedinga closed in tbe UKual manner. Seojnd Day— May 18. In the afternoon a well-attended Conference of ministers and laymen was held in the Flinders-street Baptist Lecture Hall to oon sider the present condition cf religion in the .colony, aid the bett means of promoting ita prosperity. Late in the day those present were provided with a tea, and in the evening a. publio meeting was held in the same place. 