The Rebuilding of St. James' Church, Morpeth. On Thursday last an interesting ceremony was performed at the site of St. James' Church, Morpeth, which is being rebuilt by the parishioners, because the old walls were found, upon examination, to be unfit to bear the new roof, which had become necessary, and which was some time ago proposed to be sup- plied. A portion of the new walls has been com - pleted, and the contractor being ready to proceed with the remaining portion, the corner-stone was laid on Thursday, according to the ritual of the Church of England, by Mr.E. C. Close, who, thirty eight years ago, being then a boy of thirteen, laid the corner stone of the old church. In point of fact, the stone was the same in both cases, only that now it is laid above ground, and formerly it was part of the foundation below the surface. It was first a rough cut stone ; now it has been dressed, and will bear, on its inner face, part of the inscription upon the parchment placed in the traditional bottle. The stone, therefore, which Mr. Close has for the second time in his life laid as the corner stone of a church, is historical. The following is the extract from the late Mr. E. C. Close's diary which relates to the first cere- mony of laying, away back in 1837, almost the dark ages of this colony, where everything is so new and so constantly changing : " 1837, 2nd January. Laid first stone of Morpeth Church. Present:--- Mesdames Close and Luke ; Misses Sergeant, Scraggs, J. Platt, M. A. Platt, L. Platt, A. Platt, R. Platt, M. C. Close ; Messrs. Close and Plaistowe ; Rev. F. Wilkinson ; Masters R. C. Close, R. Close, G. Close, John Luke, W. Luke, W. Platt, Thos. Morgan, Joseph Child, Robert Swan, A. Foster. Eighteen-pence was let into the stone, and ' E.C.C., January, 1837,' let in in lead." When the stone was unearthed at the removal of the foundation, Mr. Close was present, and having a faint recollection of the shilling and the sixpence which had been let into the stone, he caused search to be made for them. They were found, and the shilling, with some more modern coins, has been put in the bottle; the sixpence Miss Close retained, being desirous of keeping so interest- ing a memento of two events in the life of her father, who is now as white-headed and nearly as venerable in appearance as his father was when he passed away, a few years ago. In so long a period as 38 years, it might be expected that few of those present at the scene of 1837 would be alive to be present in 1875. As a matter of fact there are only two adults now alive who were present in 1837 ; of these two were on the ground on Thursday : Mr. Close, who re-laid the stone, and Mrs. Kennedy of East Maitland, who was Miss Scraggs in 1837. One of the boys present in that year was also present on Thursday last at the second laying of the stone ---Mr. J. P. Luke, called in the above extract " Master Jno. Luke," who is now a hale and hearty man of fifty or so, with hair getting a little silvered with approaching age. The stone still contains the E.C.C. and the word and figures January, 1837, let in in lead, but, as we have said, it has been dressed for the new place it will occupy. Everything being ready, the people gathered about the site, and at one o'clock the clergymen present and the churchwardens met his Lordship the Bishop of Newcastle at the gate of his lawn, and walked in procession to the church. There were present (he Incumbent the Rev\ Canon Child, the Rev. Canon Selwyn, of Christ Church, Newcastle ; the Rev. Robt. Chapman, St. Mary's, West Maitland; the Rev. Lovick Tynell, St. Peter's, East Maitland ; the Rev. F. W. Addams, St. Peter's, Paterson ; and the Rev. F. D. Bode, St. John's, Newcastle. There was not a large assemblage of parishioners, and the majority was composed of ladies. The ceremonies were began by the reading, in alternate verses by the incumbent and people, of the 132nd psalm. * The Rev. Canon Selwyn read the lesson 1 Cor. 3, and the Rev. Canon Child the collect -that for the conversion of St, Paul. The stone was then raised, the mortar spread, the bottle with the inscription and coins placed in the cavity, and the stone lowered to its bed. Mr. E. C. Close having pronounced the following words :-" I lay this as the foundation and corner stone of a church, to be built in this place, to be named the church of St. James, and to be set apart for the preaching of the right Catholic faith, which we believe and confess in the name of the Father and of the Son and ot the Holy Ghost.-Amen" the Bishop added-" The glorious majesty of the Lord our God be upon us ; prosper thou the work of our bands upon ua ; O prosper thou our handy work : for the sake of thy Son Jesus Christ.-Amen. The following was the inscription on the parch- ment:-"This stone was placed in re-building St. James' Churcr, Morpeth, to the honour and glory of the Holy Eternal and Undivided Trinity, on April 15th, A.D. MDCCCLXXV., by Edward Charles Close (he having performed tbe same duty at the first building in 1837); in the 39th year .of the Reign of Her Most Gracious Majesty Queen Victoria, his Excel- lency Sir Hercules George Robert Robinson, K.C.M.G., being Governor of the territory; the Right Reverend Frederic Barker, D.D., being Bishop of Sydney and Metropolitan ; the Right Reverend William Tyrrell, D.D., being Bishop of Newcastle; the Reverend Canon Coles Child incumbent ; Robert Moffitt, C. E. Jaques, and E. C. Close churchwardens and building committee; J. Horbury Hunt, architect; James Sher- wood, contractor." The words of the above inscription, down to " first building in 1837," are to be cut in the inside face of the stone also, When the stone had been duly laid, the assembly sung the 145th hymn, "This stone to Thee in faith we lay," and repeated the Apostles' Creed. The Bishop offered the prescribed prayer, and then His LORDSHIP said he had to address a few words to them, in the hope that he might induce them to give their aid to the good work that day done, so that it might be, before any long lapse of time, com- pleted among them. And while they were engaged in building that house of God, they should remember that there was another temple of God ; that Christians are the temples of the Most High when "His Spirit dwells in them. He hoped that the words he was about to address to them would tend to the building up of the spiritual temple in themselves and in him, that they would each be full of God's spirit, and that, therefore, that church would be to them indeed the House of God and the gate of Heaven. He would endeavour first to set before them some of the principles of the Gospel with regard to the giving of their worldly means to the service of God. It would enter into his duty to speak to them of that which was the ground-work and foundation of Christian faith and practice namely, that all our doings are esteemed and valued by God just in proportion to our self-denial and self-sacrifice,-according to the extent to which we are willing to give up something for the service of our God. They would remember one occasion in which this principle was especially laid before them. David had sinned against the commandment of God. He had directed the numbering of the soldiers of Israel against the directions of the Lord, and the Lord punished David and the people, who had partaken in the sin, with a grievous pestilence-a visitation so grievous that thirty thousand of the people died. David prayed that the punishment might fall upon him alone, and not upon the people, and the Lord listened to David's prayer, and the plague was stayed. Then David desired to return thanks to God for His merciful goodness, and went down to the threshingfloor of Araunah, to buy it from him, that he might offer a sacrifice of thanksgiving. Araunah would have given the King the threshing-floor, a truly princely gift, and all that was necessary for the sacrifice. But David said, "I will not accept the gift ; I will not offer unto the Lord burnt offerings of that which has cost me nothing." That was the great principle. If what we render to God costs us nothing, it will not be valued by Him. We should give to God what we value ; we should give of our best; we should give ourselves as a reasonable, a holy, and an acceptable sacrifice to God. Then we have ""this principle also set forth by David - how that God is the author of everything, the giver of all good, that all we have comes from Him, and that therefore in rendering of our substance to God, we simply render back to Him what He has given us. Shortly before David's death, he assembled the chief men of his kingdom, in order that he might urge them to make their presents for the building of God's temple. They made most liberal presents-quantities of gold, and silver, and precious stones; and so David saw the possibility of the temple being raised up with a holy joy, and he thanked God for his goodness, "Thine, O Lord," said he, "is the greatness, and the power, and the glory, and the victory, and the majesty : for all that is in the heaven and in the earth is Thine : Thine is the Kingdom, O Lord, and Thou art exalted as head above all. Both riches and honor come of Thee, and Thou reignest over all ; and in Thine hand is power and might; and in Thine hand it is to make great, and to give strength unto all. Now, therefore, our God, we thank Thee, and praise Thy glorious name. ..... O Lord our God, all this store that we have prepared to build Thee an house for Thine holy name cometh of Thine hand, and is all Thine own." All things come of God ; what we have has been lent to us by Him, fore time-that was the principle laid down in the gospel also-that we should render to God of what has been entrusted to us as His stewards. He would endeavour to impress upon them the importanceof giv- ing gifts and doing services to God which cost them something. Jesus Christ was watching the wealthy and the rich giving presents at the Temple for the purpose of embellishing God's house. A poor widow came up among these rich men, and threw into the treasury two mites, which make one farthing. Did Christ overlook this gift? Did he pass it by un- observed ? No.: he said that it was the greatest gift of all, that they had given of their profusion, but she of her penury, therefore it was the greatest gift. All our services to God should involve self denial-it was when services took that form that they were pleasing to Him. There was another occasion in which Jesus had spoken of charity. Shortly before the crucifixion a poor, woman that was a sinner anointed His feet with precious ointment. For this she was reproved by the disciples, and that wicked disciple who betrayed his Master was especially loud in com- plaint. " Why," said he, " was not this ointment sold for five hundred pence, to be given to the poor?" But Jesus defended her ; He would not allow others to blame her. He said, " She hath done what she could. She hath brought this precious ointment, thinking, perhaps, that I am to die in two days, and therefore, according to the custom of our country, that this precious ointment will be the ointment to prepare my body for its burial. She hath given the ointment for my body." When we all do what we con; when we give to God of our abundance or of our poverty to show our love to Him, to show how we honor him, then God will accept our services. This principle was laid down in St. Peter: "As every man hath received the gift, even do minister the same one to another, as good stewards of the mani- fold grace of God." We are stewards ; nothing belongs to us ; all belongs to God ; and we err if we think any worldly possession is our own. We are simply stewards of the manifold grace of God., " If any man speak, let him speak as the oracles of God ; if any man minister, let him do it as of the ability which God giveth : that God in all things, may be glorified through Jesus Christ, to whom be praise and dominion forever and ever. Amen." What-, soever we may have gained, even through long years of burdensome toil, was not ours; it came to us from God. We were, therefore, called upon to use these things to His honor and glory. That was our duty, and it was well for us to endeavour to lay down for ourselves one rule as to what-we will .give to God, to His service, to religion, to our poorer brethren, out of the means given to ni. The Jew, under the law of Moses, had to give a tithe- a tenth of all that he had Jacob vowed that if God would be with him, and keep him in the way in which he went, then that God should be his God, and that he would render him a tenth of his possessions. But what was the law for Christians'? There was no law laid down in the Gospel, or in Scripture, as to what portion of his income a Christian ought to devote to religion and charity. It was therefore, the solemn bounden duty of every Christian to be a law unto himself in the matter. He should consult his conscience and say -what shall I give of my worldly means to religion and to charity. He would then be sure that he was fulfilling his duty, and that what he gave was blessed by and would be acceptable to God. It was the duty of everyone of us year by year, to lay down a rule for our practice in this respect. He would advise that every one should give five per cent yearly to God s service. They need not give all to religion, but might divide their gifts equally between religion and charity- give to God, to the widow and to the orphan. They should decide at the beginning of each year upon the proportion and distubution of their means there were many public institutions, such as the Maitland Hospital, deserving of assist- ance. They should determine how much, in each year, they should give to each object. One of the chief religious purposes to which they could give was the support of their clergy man, and he had years and years ago urged members of the church to fix one per cent of their income as the measure of support they would give their clergy man. On the 1st September, 1854, he had issued a pastoral letter in which he had made this suggestion, and in connection with that pastoral letter he had an anecdote to tell. He had sent the late Mr E. C. Close a copy of it, and afterwurds called upon him. Mr. Close commended the suggestion as a moderate and wise one, said that he should adopt it, that his income was £2000 a year, and that he would during his life give £20 yearly to the support of the minister. He had made the annual payment punctually, and left at his decease a legacy of two years payment in advance. If the sys- tem thus adopted by their dear old friend Mr Close, were followed byj everyone, more ministers would be supported, and more would be obtained to labour amongst the members of the church. There was another point he was sure that it would be a great benefit to them spiritually if they thus made it a duty to do what they could for God. Tberefoie they should, at the beginning of the year, decide what they would give for God and for charity, and act truly and faithfully up to the arrangement. He had heard from the Rev Mr Boodle, who still felt a great interest in the diocese, and who wrote by every mail, of a layman in Mr Boodle's parish in England, who said, "I will give ten per cent every year to God. I will reckon my income at a reasonable and moderate rate and if at any time it exceeds that, I will give a double tithe ' It was ot the greatest importance to the Christians comfort, his good, his joy, his edification, his building up in the faith, that he should make these matters ot giving rules of con citnee And the rule should not be one of annual prictice only Thej should muka a weekly rule, a daily i ule, an hourly rule, so that they inight be always brought under the influence of a disposition to give to God Lvery Lord's Da} morning, they should decide to give of what God had prospeied t'ieni duung the week Such a system ot constant giviug would add to their blessedness and happiness and growth in grace here, and to their eternal blessedness hereafter And the Christian should not be ready only to make annual gifts, bat should be able, when unexpected opportunities arose to meet them There were cases of distress aiising out of Hoods ind fires, for instance, winch the Christi in w is c died upon to alleviate There was an instance of a sud- den call foi chanty in the Acts of the Apostles, and how it was dealt with was aleo lelttted " And in these daj s came prophets from Jerusalem unto Anuocli And there stood up one if them named Agabus, and signihed bj the ¿pint that theie shouldbegreatde«rthtliroughúutnilthewoild which came to pass m the dajs of Cluudius Cassu Then the disciples, every man according to his ajility, de- termined to send relnf unto the bietliren which dwelt m Jude i which also they did When ever there was distn«s the led Christi in would try to leduce it, and here agaiu thej minht remember the woman with the box of omt ment, who anointed Jesus feet To his disciples remonstrance against the waste, Jesus sud the poor je have alwajB with j ou, but me je have not always" Whenever we mid occasion, we should take advantage of it to show our love to our lellow creatures, and our reverence to God, by assisting them out of our means He had only two other observations to make be trusted that many would be willing to do what they could out of their worldly means to provide what was necessary for the completion of that church Theie had been no unnecessiry expense incurred At fim it wis proposed to replace the roof But when the roof was removed, it was found that the w ills weie unsafe, and not able to support a new rouf This, was a great disappointment thej had to take down the walls, and build them anew from the foundation However, the work was proceeding, the stone being used maj last for centuries, and as little chauge na possible was being mads in the character ot li»' building they would try to reUin as much as pos slble of the dear old church W hat they were spqScU** mg bad become a matter of necessitj, und they how m ide a claim One other thought None ot ;fhem there could take part in that ceremonj without a thought of him wboiiuilt their first church loi/ them Between thirtj andforty years ago there was/fae there who was willing to undertake the wholejyfipense and care and trouble of providing thein^ííth a church They should know kowJ^Ljgge was induced to^bmid that cjUBCfr*-?When he was with the "armyurSpaln, inthose hard fought battles in which the Eng ish first gained a decisive advant ige over the French, he was frequently under heavy fire, and saw many officers killed aiouud him Ile escaped the dangers which carno to o.hers, and he made a kind of vow that if God kept him sale and in life till the end of the campaign, he would, it he ever bad the uienns, build a house of prajer IU grati tude to the God who uod preserved him lhat house of prayer at Morpeth had been bmlt at Morpetn m fulfilment of the vow made on the battle-held, where numbers of men and officers were falling round the builder Tbej should therefore do what thej could to rebuild the church -the smallest gifts would be acceptable, and no one could give too much to show his gratitude for God's mercies For thirty eight j ears they had a church provided tor them now thej were called to exercise some self sacrifice, and provide a church for them selves It would be their own church, for it would hare cost them something, and in rebuilding it they should remember that it had originally been built bj the liberality of one good Christian A collection was tben mude, on the stone, and ¿71 4« 4d were subscribed The 430th bj inn was sung, " We love the place, O God, wherein thine honour dwells," and the Bishop pronounced the Episcopal benediction, and dismissed the assemblj It may be mentioned, as supplementary to what the Bishop has said alove relative to the preservation of as much as possible of the church which was a memorial of the fate Mr Close's gratitude and pietj, that one of its distmctn e features, the square tower, will not be interfered with We should have said, also, that the woiks on Thursdiy were mide gay with bunting, ano that the Union Jack floated from the tower After the ceremony was over, many of the ladies and gentlemen present assembled at luncheon in the schoolroom, which was also decorated with flags and flowers The luncheon was the fieewill offeung of the ladies of the parish, and was very tastelully served At the end of the repast, The Rev Canon CHILD related what had taken place respecting the restoration of the roof When the walls were examined, the architect thought it would not be wise to put the roof on them Not the slightest elur was intended to be cast upon the old church, or upon lum who had built it thej had taken the present step verj reluctantlj, on account of the expense However, thej saw their waj com- paratively clear. No doubt there were difficulties, but tbey would have to be overcome Thej would be overcome, if the parishioners met them m the unity of the faith and the bond of peace The walls, to TebuUd them, would cost ¿1100, and the roof to be placed on them ¿600-a total cost of ¿1700 lhey might, before the work was completed, reckon upon requiring ¿200J In a small place like Morpeth it was difficult to raise such a sum, after the floods and reverses the people bad met with However, they had raised the monej foi the rouf, and more tuan half the money towards the walls And he thought that, if he had the oppor tunity of soliciting contributions he would bo able to obtain so much that thej could get along without borrowing much money At the present time they had borrowed nothing-they had used the monej subscribed for the roof lhere was much to do still, but it could be done if they joined -heir hearts and souls and energies Some of the rich men would give-indeed, they had given- and he could not grumble The Bishop also had been very liberal, and if they were all spared to the end of the year, he believed they would see a hand- somer Church than the old one He hoped, by the end of the j ear, that thej would be worshipping in their new Church. Mr E C CLOSE, after some apologetic remarks, as he was not a speechmuker, said his fathei had been an old soldier, and had followed the Duke of Wellington in the Peninsuloi War He bad been in several engagements, and had seen many fearful and terrible sights On one occasion, he was the only one of foir who escaped a horrible death The ofheer who was cirrjmg the colours of the regí ment was shot down, and four men rushed forward te get the colours, for the leward was promotion One of the men was a sergeant, the others being Mr Close, and two othei olbceis The sergeant had just seized the colours when a shell came among them. When a shell come», it is necessary to fall flat on the ground Hie seigeant and the two officers lay side bj side, and Mr Close lay with his head between the Sergeant s feet The shell burst, mangled the sergeant und the other two men in the most fughtful manner, killing them instantly Mr Close was unhurt In all the many engagements and skirmishes in which he took part, he seemed to bear a cb .lined life and he promised that ü ever he came from Spain unhurt, and the Loid pros] ered him, he would do something for the honor and glory of God, He came to Sydney with his regiment in 1817 7 in 1821 he sold out, and settled in Morpeth, taking up the first grant in the Hunter River district, and being the first to bring stock here The Lord did prosper lum, and he built the church He (Mr. Close) did not wish to find fault with what had been done, but he did think that the old walls would have maintained another roof. However, one evil had been got rid of, the old buttresses had never been weather-proof, Í and his father had tried repeatedly to keep the ram i out at those points, and had always failed He was sure that the walls now being erected would be faithfully built by Mr Sherwood, and that the re I njoval of the buttresses and the integrity of the new 1 walls would both be benefits But at the same time he would say that all the stone work that his father had built was well done, and that he would be as anxious to have good work put in the house of God, as in the houses intended for the dwelling places of men He was glad to assist in the re-budding of the church, and he was only sorry that»owing to floods, the progress of the work would be hindered For all the residents of the district felt the influence of the floods, and they were compelled to be just before they were generous That day he had done a work seldom performed by one man in his lifetime He had laid the same foundation stone of a church a second time. He was on the first occasion thurteen years of age, and there vi as only one person now elive ' of the adults present III 1837-Miss Scragge, who was now Mrs Kennedy, of East Maitland Many of the children present in 1837 were dead, yet he had been spared. He trusted that the work done that day would be fruitful in good to many, that the church would be the gate of heaven to many souls, that within its walls numbers would be brought to salvation, ind that thev would show forth their futh by their works He hoped the pe >ple woul 1 come forward to assist in raising the chur-'h which they had not been cilled upon to raise before so that their work would bo a credit to them. Mr it MOFFXTT, one of the churchwardens explained th it the sum of £2 200 would piobably be the entire cost of the restoration, Ot this ¿1,100 had been promised The\ had paid ¿'700 to the con- tractor without borrowing, out of the money originally subscribed foi the roof, some slight savings in the hands of the churchwardens, and the insurance monej There were some £7o in hand after paj ingall demands Of the promises made, there was jet ¿Gb to be paid, and thej were theiefore in need of ¿1000 or deducting the amount collected in the stone th it daj, about ¿900 to complete the whole woik The sum of ¿000 would have to be raised before thai could see their way out of debt It was ne rlj the same as building a new church, and ilthough it was not usual to look forward to seeing I a new church free from debt, it seemed probable that they might depend upon contributions which would do so m this instance They hoped at least at the completion of the work, to have contributions and promises to the extent of then liability The Rev Cinon SFLWYN reminded the assemblage that their tioubles arising from floods and from the necessity to rebuild the church came from God ex presslj to awaken their zeal in His cause, and to lead them to practice the virtue of self denial There would be an abundant blessing upon then exei tiona, if thty proceeded from that spirit He desued to say. with lespect to the late Mr and Mrs ¿¡lose that it wjis a happiness^ and a blessing to ham known them He had had that happiness and had been cheead and encour iged by their excellent Christian example He ur^ed them to bo earnest in rebuilding the church, cilled upon the young Indies to exert their influence if necessarj, and to coerce the gentleman into liberality, bv making e impletion of the church in which they hoped to be married, the condition of their saj ing " yes" to one impoitant question, and reminded them that their church should be the pride of the palish They should not ask " How little can I give ? ' but " How much''" The church was to last hundreds of j ears they heard, and why should they be afraid of the cost After referring once moro to Mr and Mrs Close, in terms of warm praiBe, the speaker concluded by hoping that spiritual blessing might attend the minigtrations in the church ^ The CHAPMAN desired to say that no assistance had been received tioui bazaars, tea-meetings, or concerts, and he hoped thej should get along without such insistance I Hie Rev L TIRRFLL, after referring to the liberal ?¡pint which actu tted churchmen in Lngland to un- dertake restoi itions, íegretted that the habit of giving freely li id not been acquired among members ol the Church of Dn^lnnd in this colony ile thought Chuich people might take an example from other denommati ins in this respect, and reminded those present Hi it in rtismg the matenal structure they weie at the s une time coi tnbutiug to the edification of the spititual fibric.of the Ohuich-their own souls IJ The Rev R CHAPM VN urged tuem to get out of debt befoie the\ be.; in to u e the church, otherwise tile debt would be i di ig upon them, as it had been in thee loo ol St. Man's, West Maitland If they were out of debt, the freewill offerings of the pa nslinneiá tvoj1} Suudaj would be amplj sufhcieut foi ill the paroelual expenses Hi« proceedings of the daj ended with service m the Sehooi of Aits in the evening the sermon being preached bj the Rev Canon Selwyn 