SOUTH AUSTRALIA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) ADELAIDE, SEPT. 21. The Ministry have had the good fortune carry their Stamp Bill through the ABSOLU without any serious modifications. The p posal to tax the dividends of public to panies they were forced to abandon on a ground of its being a very partial attempt introduce an income-tax, and several of minor alterations they assented to, but st stantially the measure is the same as what was introduced. The total amount it expected to realise from the stamp, legacy, a Succession duties this year is füáO.OOO-a st which falls slightly below the estimated i ficit, but which, the Treasurer considerable be ample to carry him creditably over a twelvemonth. It is not to be supposed that the Assembly have enjoyed a dose of fresh taxation which they have sw lowed on behalf of their constituen- Amongst the supporters of the bill they have been many who have allowed the friendship for the Ministry to overcome Strong antipathy to the measure, and m< than once an attempt has been made insure its rejection, by setting up in oppo tion to it a proposal to put an extra assesment of Is. a head upon great cattle, and 2 a head upon sheep. The argument in favor of this alternative is certainly cogent glance at statistics reveals the fact, that whereas in 1895 the squatters were pays close upon £100,000 a year upon 45,000 square miles, in 1874 their total contribution to t revenue was£45,000odd,notwithstanding to their holdings comprised over 90,000 seen miles. In other words, while the area occupied redoubled, the payments to the revenue decreased 50 per cent Of course, the chair pions of the squatters have the explanation ready, that the bulk of the new country take up is away on the confines of the tropic regions, hundreds of miles from the BO board, and that much of the territory near a market has been of late years west from pastoral settlement for the benefit the former ; but this does not meet the whole case, for, as a matter of fact, a quantity of sheep and tho value of the wo exports have doubled during the decennial as well as the area under lease. The on effective plea that could be urged against the amendment was, that the time ft taxing the squatters more heavily is not fully come. The Treasurer and the Com missioner of Crown Lands alike admit that the pastoral tenant does not pay all that can fairly be demanded of him, but the wish to hold him in reserve for the recess when a scheme for the equalisation of the burdens of taxation is without fail to be pri posed. It has been pressed upon them the it would be well to defer until then to Stamp duty question, but with commendable firmness they have declined to be thus did loyal to their own plans. The extra £50,00 to be raised under the bill is needed not oral to square the accounts, but also to afford guarantee to capitalists at home that South Australians are ready to tax themselves to meet liabilities upon bonds to be immediate issued. Unlike Mr. Berry, Mr. Colton put down on, the Estimates for the present yeo a sum to meet the interest upon bonds to be sold during its currency, and for this sum h insists upon having provision made. Whether the Council will yield to his claims with the same complacency as the Assembly is extremely doubtful. Indeed, it is stated that the measure has not the ghost of a chance of passing in the Upper House, when the majority of the members are connected with commercial pursuits. Even should be thrown out, there will be no popular demand for the abolition of the Council. Now that the [Stamp Bill has been got iii of the Assembly has dropped into a very prosaic line of business. The standing dish is supply, and the Estimates are being carried through with unprecedented alacrity Their consideration has given rise to several interesting discussions, not the least noteworthy among them being that on the defences of the colony. The amount at present appropriated under this head is a round £901 per annum. The whole of that sum is no voted to the furnishing of arms, and to the oversight of other sad relics of our paSt mili tory greatness. Beyond the contents of our Storerooms and magazines, we have not much to rely on as a protection against hostile attack. Our standing army consists of one full private, who, at the disruption of the volunteer force, obtained a transfer to the reserve, and is now in England, and three or four staff officers who adopted the same means of keeping their honours green. Our coast defences comprise two splendid Armstrongs, which have never been erected, but which are lying half-buried in the sands at the semaphore, two field-pieces belonging to the ancient exploring ship Buffalo, which are even now being mounted at Glenelg after lying in ordinary for more that a generation, and a military road laid out at the back of the Encounter Bay Bond-hilla. When the present Ministry took office, they announced that they would take early steps for placing defence matters upon a more satisfactory . footing, but in the hurry of other business, they have overlooked their pledge, and have pleaded for further time, promising that in the recess they would do something towards relieving the colony from the reproach of being utterly without means of repelling an attack, expeditionary or otherwise. What that something is to be no mortal can divine. They have no relish for a militia force ; they are not much enamoured of volunteers, and although yielding to the importunities of the Commissioner of Public Works, the martial man of the team, they have been making inquiries about the cost of an iron-clad, and the possibility of bringing torpedoes into play, they earnestly deprecate the idea that these appliance are to be procured. The truth is, the public, lulled into false security by the tranquility which prevails, are hugging to their breast the comfortable theory that the weakness of the colony is its defence. It is admitted that there is some danger of an intercolonial outbreak-a Border duties war, for example but the idea of foreign attack is represented as chimerical. you will perceive at once the advantage which this policy of strict inaction gives us over our neighbours. While they are agitating the difficult question of whether their military force shall be pressed into the service or not, we are philosophically resting on the belief that volunteers and militia are alike a need- less source of expense and worry. Among other prosaic subjects, intercolonial free trade has been receiving attention. A bill has been submitted authorising the Governor to make arrangements with the Governors of any of the other Australian provinces, or of New Zealand, for the unrestricted interchange of all articles of local produce or manufacture, tobacco and spirits alone excepted This agreement is not to have a currency of more than ten years, and it is to be terminable by either party upon giving six months' notice. Parliament is to have neither part nor lot in the adjustment of details, but the utmost publicity is to be given to all the negotiations. This measure came on for it second reading in the Assembly the other day, and a dead set was made upon it on the grounds, first, that it would give facilities for flooding the Adelaide market with the manufactures of Victoria, and, secondly, that it gave too unlimited a power to the Governor. Those who sympathised with these views endeavoured to introduce an amendment confining the interchange to products of the soil, but they were defeated, and the bill was carried through committee without alteration. Although land reform has not been discussed in the Assembly this session as yet, the signs of an approaching tournament on the subject are thickening. The Government have submitted their bill, which, as they predicted a couple of months ago, has three main objects. The first is to increase the area of selection from 640 to 1,000 acres a manifest attempt to outbid Victoria, The second is to substitute, in case of simultaneous applications for the same block of land, competition in respect to the annual rent to be paid, for competition in respect of the purchase money. Under this system the sum to be paid for the fee-simple will in all cases be £1 an acre. If there is only one applicant for a section he box to pay rent at the rate of 5 per cent., or Is. an acre per annum. for 10 years, at the end of which time, and not earlier, he may complete his purchase. If there are more than one applicant, the competitors have to put in a tender stating the amount of rent they are prepared to pay, and the highest tenderer gets the section. If there is an equality in the offers, lot is to be resorted to to decide between them. The third object of the measure is to provide a simple means for checkmating dummyism. There is to be no Land Court, as in Victoria, but inquiries are to be instituted before justices of the peace in cases where it is suspected that the law is being evaded, and all witnesses are to answer the questions put to them, even should the replies criminate themselves. The production of the bill has excited extremely little interest either in Parliament or out of it. Public opinion, where it has been expressed, has gone strongly counter to the idea of 10 years' tenancy, possibly at a high rent, with right of purchase at £1 an acre at the expiry of the term. A provision has been introduced to limit the quantity of land which any one person can purchase from the Government upon deferred payments to 2,000 acres, but so preposterous an attempt to restrict the holding of one class, and only one class, of landed proprietors, finds no favour. The tendency in the public mind is rather towards reaction than towards increasing the artificial restraints upon the acquisition of property which form the gist of liberal land legislation. Up to this point, the Ministry have been able to carry everything pretty well their own way, especially in the Assembly. In the Council there have been symptoms of recalcitrance, more particularly in regard to the Real Property Bill, which is being strangely mutilated ; but even here there has not been much ground of complaint. Not a single measure has as yet been rejected, and the most important one that has been sent up-the Education Bill is receiving the unanimous support of the House. But the outlook for the future is not so cheering. The Council threaten to reject the Stamp Bill and the Assembly, while approving generally of the policy of borrowing Bay two or three millions sterling for railway purposes, are inclined to be critical in regard to details. As yet, the bill has not been brought in, but its probable provisions have been keenly canvassed. Apart from this, too, there is a personal matter which promises exciting sport even before the week is out When the last Ministerial crisis occurred, it so happened that the case Dalwood v. Blackmore, which you will remember involved a claim upon the Government of about £120,000, was under trial in the Supreme Court, Mr. Boucaut, the present Commissioner of Crown Lands, being attorney for the plaintiff, and Mr. Way, the present Attorney-General, attorney for the defendant By a happy inspiration the Chief Justice, on the very day that Mr, Boucaut- services as Cabinet maker were called into requisition by the Governor, suggested a compromise between the parties, and after the usual negotiations a compromise was agreed to. awkwardly enough, it devolved upon Mr. Way as counsel to assent to a payment of £11,000 to Dal- wood he having previously advised that the Government were not liable for using. penny and as Attorney-General to ratify that assent. Moreover, it became the duty of the Commissioner of Crown Lands, as a Minister, to adjudicate upon this question of whether his client should receive the £11,000; and as if this was not complication enough, Mr Morgan, the Chief Secretary, had also a personal interest in the settlement, inasmuch as he had been one of Dalwood's bondsmen, j and naturally wished to obtain a release. It is easy to see that to a suspicious mind there is in all this material for much misgiving as to whether the coalition between the two legal members of the Government was all on the square, or rather whether political consideration had not something to do with the prompt winding-up of a suit which had previously been in progress for four years. With such a mind Mr. Hardy, one of the representatives of the South-Eastern district, and an old, if not a very prominent, member of the legal profession, is endowed, and he has taken it upon himself to probe the matter to the bottom. During the past three months he has been seeking information with on assiduity which has earned for him the sobriquet of the "Anxious Inquirer He has succeeded in accumulating a vast mass of evidence, consisting largely of the documents connected with the compromise, and to-morrow he intends demand- ing the appointment of a select committee to pursue the investigation. This demand the Ministers, conscious of their own rectitude, intend resisting to the last extremity, and it remains to be seen whether the House will support them in taking such high ground. The probability is that the matter will be settled altogether apart from its merits. A crisis now would be most inconvenient, and the majority are pretty sure to be ruled by that fact. The report of the Boarding-out Society just issued shows that the operations of the past year have been more than usually gratifying. The total number of children who have been taken into private houses is 208, and in regard to these, 327 reports have been re- a ceived from the visitors associated with the society. Of that aggregate 292 are satisfactory, 23 tolerable, and 12 unsatisfactory. As a rule it is found that the children are well-cared for, and in a great many instances the most affectionate relations have sprung up between them and their foster-parents. 'As compared with the former plan of treating these wards of the statesman is to say, keeping them penned up together, and practically denying them all participation in home infiuoncea-the system is working admirably. There are some who deny it but their number is in significantly small, and their objections principally rests upon the narrowest sectarian grounds. The expeditions sent out to the Roper to arrest the murderers of Mr. C. H. Johnstone, the station-master at Charlotte Waters, have proved unmitigated failures. Not only have they been unable to get hold of the right men, but they have in the most reckless manner attacked inoffensive bands of natives, dispersing them, and occasionally killing one or two laggards. Anything more barbarous and reprehensible it is, of course, difficult to conceive. The parties have been recalled, and from the fact that the Ministry are reticent as to the names of those who took a leading part in the dispersion, it may be assumed that inquisition is to be made into their extraordinary proceedings, with a view to their being punished. Mdlle. de Murska has come, and has conquered. Her first concert took place on Saturday night, and although the audience was a strictly critical one, it found it impossible to restrain its enthusiasm. Before the Hungarian Nightingale leaves us She will in- fallibly create a perfect furore of excitement. Charles Clark has given his farewell lecture before some 1,200 people, and, I suppose, returns to Melbourne. The Williamsons have been drawing splendid houses to witness their "Struck Oil," but "Little Nell has been unanimously voted a monstrous mistake. SCOTT RUSSELL'S great work on naval architecture, a copy of which has just been purchased by the committee of the Engineering Association, is about 2ft wide by 22ft 6in, high, and weighs about 120 lb. It contains 165 plates full 3ft 6in. wide, some of which are 18ft long. It is one of the finest got-up scientific work over published, as the engraving of the plates alone is said to have cost £10,000. The letterpress is of corresponding excellence, 