American Items. Crowing hoy on tho fence to boy on the walk : ''Ah! You ain't got no baby at your house.' Sneering boy «n the walk to boy on the feneo : ' I don't care, our little dog's got six pups ; aha-a ?' — South Bend Union. A man in New York quarrelled with his wife on Saturday evening, and then hung himself to the bedpost with his wife's apron. This little matrimonial infclioity should teach to always have a ipare apron or two about the house and plenty of bedpo*ts. — Norristowu Herald. Philip Sheridan has taken his first bold atand a» u .jjeui'uiuu. xxu uciuie 10 luu lhuio tne ocner day in his shirt sleeves. She looked at him in dignantly, and her hand carelessly sought tho slop-bowl. ' No, I'll be hanged if I do,' be said ; and he didn't ; but he finished his meal under the table. — Broohhj-n. Argus. ' No I don't want none of your lightning rods,' said a Kentucky farmer, last week, to a man who had stopped at his house to put up patent lightning conductors. ' 1 ain't afraid of lightning. It's thnndor I belieye's going to knock us all endways, some day.' ' Yon don't seem to comprehend,' said the pedlar. ?' These ere silver-tipped rods arelightning-rods, and the gold-tipped ones are thunder rods — just what you wast, ana ne persuaded tne oia man to order the gold-tipped rods. Wayne Hovey relates a good anecdote of a cer tain chaplain of the Auburn State Prison who, being an enthusiastic devotee of temperance re form, had an idea that most of tbe convicts were incarcerated because of the use of whisky. In his rounds he .met a sturdy man of many, stripes, and put the usual question to him, ' Had' whisky anything to do with bringing you here ?' ?' Everything, sir, everything,' exclaimed the mac. The ehaplainjwas encouraged, and eagerly inquired horr it was. ' Well, sir, I'll tell you how it was. The Judge was drunk, and the lawyers ?were all drunk, and they fetched me in guilty.' A Quiet Fashionable Wedding,. — ' I shall insist upon a quiet and very unostentatious wedding,' said Miss Wriggle to her future mother-in-law. ' Ma has ordered 1,500 cards for the church, and only half as many for our recep tion at Delmonico's. Tiffany's man will see that the presents are arranged where all can see them, and I think Bernstein's is the best or chestra we can hire. I shall wear whito silk, and my six bridesmaids white tulle. Pa says a Bishop and twn clercymen will be ample to perform the ceremony, and ? -.' she paused. for the mother-in-law elecc had left tl-*- room in search for the son. There is a rumour that tho engagement is off. A Duxsk op Peace. — The day following our centennial festivities tho following incident oc curred in a South End saloon : — A friend had invited one of the South Carolina soldiers into the saloon to put another turf on the buried hatchet. While standing at the bar, a stranger came in. The Carolinian suddenly dropped his glass and closely eyed the stronger. His gaze was so steady and peculiar that the friend began to be alarmed, and to fear that tho hatchet was about to be dug up again. The Corolinian asked the stranger if he knew him. There was no recognition, ?whereupon the Carolinian asked him if ho was not in the late war. ' Yes, was tho reply. ' And you were once stationed at such a place ?' ' Yes.' ' And took part in such a skirmish?' 'Yes.' 'Well, I thought so,' replied the Carolinian, and, raining his hat, showed a large scar on his forehead, saying, ,' There's your sabre mark, »y boy ; come and take a drink. — Boston fferald. The Pastor's Strong Flip.-— Tho No* thump ton (Mass.) Gazette tells tho following story of tho first minister at Pelham, Mass. : ' Some of the members of this church somehow got tho idea that tho minister was using too much rum in the way of flip, and a committee of five was chosen to wait upon and romonstrate with him, not agai»st the pructicn, which was common, but in relation to the quantity used by him. Mr. A. was apprised of their orrand, and know ing that, notwithstanding the object thereof, he would be expected to treat them to flip, instruc ted his wife in regard to the strength of the bererage. First time round, considerable water ; second time, more rum and lesu water ; third time, all rum, or nearly so as possible, and havo it palatable. The result was tho committee passed a, jolly evening after concluding, their business, and three of them passed most of tho night on the floor, beiag unablo to go until early morning. At tho appointed time they mado re port to the church to this effect :— ' Your com mittea called ou Mr. A. and remonstrated with him, and hare to report that he gave us Chris tian satisfaction.' Wo had this story from the grandson of the aforesaid Mr. A., aud it ought to bo true. An Aged Fejuaie Acrobat Confuses a Modest Young Man. — She had a circus bill in her hand'as she camo upstairs, and she didn't say a word until after she had wiped her spec tacles, placed them on her nose, unfolded the bill, and read a few of the headlines. She was old-fashioned in look. There were strings to hor bonnet, she had no bustle, her grey hair was combed down smoothly, and there wero only eleven yards in her black alpaca dress. ' Young mas, don't you know that circuses are awful liars and humbugs ?' she finally enquired. The man at the table leaned back in his chair and refused to express an opinion. I' Well, I know it,' she continued in a positive tone, ' and I believe they get wuss every day. Now, see here— listen to this : — ' A gorgeous pano rama of amazing wonders— a gigantic combina tion of astonishing acrobatic talent.' That's all right on the poster, but hev they got em ?' I'd like to »ee one o' them animals.' ' You're la bouring under a mistake, madam. It meant a grand display of natural curiosities, and in forms tho public that tbe proprietor bas secured many first-claisjicrohats — the chaps who stand on their heads, tarn head over heels, and cut so many monkey shines.' 'It does, eh?' sh« musod ; ' waal do you believe it takes a smart person to koel over ?' ' Well, one has to have a good deal of training.' They do, eh?' she remarked, as she put her umbrella in the corner, and spat upon her hands ; ' I'll show you that you are deceived 1 I.am an old woman, but if I can't — ' ' Madam, hold on— don't do it !' ox olaimod the man behind the table. ' I can flop right over there and never shake my bonnet, ' she said as sl-o rote up. ' I know you can, madam, but don't. I am here alone, and I — I don't want you to. I'd nthar you wouldn't. If yon are determined. on it I snail leare the ?' ;'?? \' room.' 'Waal, you know' I can do it, and, ' ''Ml'1. that's enough. You may be right about what i ,' '(' ' that means, but tee here— hear thig : — ? The high- -! ' - . '. ft ways ablaze with resplendent chariots — the jj .' ''? ? ? grandest pageant on earth.' I've been to lots of ii V' !!,? \ circuses, young man, and 1 never saw a pageant '\ t ? i ';:', yet. If he had ene the door of his cage wasn't ? Vi ji open.' ' You're also in error there. The bill \ i I |.i refers to the fact that tho great number of wag- i' a j ':{: ? gons, chariots, &c;, make up a sight worth see- '.' V ? I j ing as they pass along the atrcet.' 'Um-m.m.' . J: ?,'?. she muttered at she folded the bill over ; ?' I - i'-' ' ' -: ; don't «oe why they couldn't have said so, thea. 'i i- ' u; And now, see here— read that :— ' Sig. GoriaofF, , »i,. ' | in hi» aerial flight*.' Wow, then, is that a boa- -, j \ ?? constructor or a eandu-rango P' 'It's a man, , V !jf: madam — one of the performen. Hit real name |f.iV:i' is probably Jones, but that isn't grand enough, ' j'';ij' and so they put him down as ' Sig. GovinoflV ? ! Jy.; He is amai who jumps off a rope, turnt over li-y1 twiee and comes down all right.' He is, eh ! ? ) . ' !:! Well, if lie's got an idea that he's the smartest , , i « man alive, I want to disappoint him. I never '?'-, |i'° , did try to turn over twice, but I'll do it right ' i :?' here and now, or break my neok. Git the ; ;, . ' things ofF'n that table!' 'Stay, madam ? I ** '-' ' ? wouldn't have you dol it for fifty dollars.' ' (' I ' Just once !' ' For heaven's sake, madam, get It ? ?') down efTn that table — here — here's a dollar if you : ! ? . - wont do it.' ' I don't want your money, and I ?, i won't try it if you're so scaart ; but I don't ';' : . want no circus going round talking about aryal ? :! I flights and deceiving the people!' She sat ' down, the young man wiped the sweat oft hia brow, and presently she remarked .- ' When I ; | ' ? flW flfPHOflO ai*a liiimknivn T mah «-____ Zi. . IT* ' - : -*«J w.«v»-mw»» ?**.« AA«A»««««««gat J, LOU LfLK/W III I X. ? don't keer two cents for thsir bigwords and their panoplies, pageants, asterisks, giraffes, aryals, georgouses, and ourangoutangs — I oan beat them all holler myself !' And sho took off her spectacles, lifted her nmbrella, and went down- ! stairs. — Detroit Free frets. ' Unmistakabee Signs.— There it a family - moving into the house next door ; we can hear ' through our blinds the carriers of the furniture movo along the walk. AH the talking we hear is done by one voice £it is the man of the house, ! and ho has got a little son. We need not to look , out of the window for confirmation of this ex pression. His words establish it as clearly as the eyes could witness, and we know just what is being done out there as well as if we stood in the very midst of it. Every time he speaks we dot it down on an extra sheet of paper, and so far he has made the following utterances : — ' Put that whip down,' ' Get out of the way.' ' Don't climb up there.' ' Take your shoes off that bedstead.' ? '„' Shall I speak to you again ?' ' Do you want to break these things ?' ' Come out of that.' ' Go away from that horse ; do you .want to get your head kicked off P' ?' Do you hear me, or shall I speak again P' ' Hey, there ! what did I tell you about that horse ?' ' Now, you sit still there, and don't you dare to move an inch, or I'll break every bone in your body.' — Danbury News. Mr. Stone and his 'Eemaeks.' — Mr. Stone, a well-known and excellent Christian gentleman, belonging to one of the Murray Hill ehurches in !New York City, was np in the country one summer, and learning that an even ing prayer meeting was in progress at tho vil lage church, walked in and took a seat at the back part of the room. The brother iu the chair conducting tho meeting, observing the stranger, left his seat, and coming to Mr. Stone, said to. him, ' What is your name P' ' My name is Stone.' ' Where are you from ?' ' I am from the city of JN'ew York.' Are you one of tho Lord's people?' ' I hope that 1 am?' answered Mr. Stone, with becoming humility. to his catechism, returned to his elevated seat, and at the end of the hymn arose and said, ' Will Brother Stone, from New York, favour us with a few remarks ?' Mr. Stone, willing to do what he- could, marln » fnw practical observa tions, to tlie best of his ability. No sooner had he sat down than the presiding elder rose and said, ' Will Brother Stone, from New York, ask the Lord to bless his feeble remarks P' Undis mayed by this commentary on his speech, Mr. Stone offered prayer, and the meeting pro ceeded as usual. — Christian Intelligencer. Flies. — The flies are common enough. Any one who feared they would not get around iu force may dismiss the apprehension. They aro making up for lost time by an energy of spirit wmcu is truly marvellous. Olaring light is favourable to flies, and those of our readers who would keep their apartments free of these pests, should keep the curtains down and blinds drawn. The flies should bo first driven out. A towel will. answer this purpose, but many believo that the larger the article used tho sooner the object will be accomplished. This is a mistake. A tablecloth looks as if it would scatter more flies than a napkin. Bnt don't use a tablecloth. It is big, but is unwieldy. You think you hare got it gathered up all right, but just as you are giving an all-powerful switch with it, the long est end suddenly comes out, and in a flash, has licked up two vases, a plaster-of-paris cupid and cigar set. If these are flies to drive out, and a tablecloth handy, you bad better go down town at once. — Danbury News. ' A foarful rumour is about that the Princess Beatrice may marry an American who has lately been very much at court.' Let's see. Theodore Tilton has lateljr been verjr tnuch at court ; but we don't believe Beatrice would marry him, unless it would be for the sake of tho notoriety such a union would gire her. — Norritstown Hefr&^^'fj^ A little San Frairaegf^f ;1 who didn't like her throo aunts, prayed : ' I bless papa and my governess, and my sistfA^and brother, and my uncle Sam and my aunu^Seorgia, and my twin cousins and cousin Julia£Icnd all my relations, except Maur and Jane anity Ellen (the obnoxious aunts), and the less you htve to do with them the better it will be for you.' A Connecticut dentist, after fifteen years ex-, perimenting, thought he had invented an initru-* pent for holding a woman's tongue. He tried it on his raothor-in-law and confidentially told the polioi-tnan who hauled her off him that the ' thing couldn't be did.' — Marshall Messenger, A Dying Tribe.— Tho Seneca trim^vlTorth American Indians now consists of onefold horse, a chief, and three gallons of whiskey. A few more setting suns,' a few more moons— a briet season — and that three gallon jug will join ita comrades ia tbe happy bunting ground.— Ameri- can paper. Old John Brown. — An Altona man claims to have a pair of traces used by John Brown at Harper's Forry. It hua hitherto been generally supposed that the old man was so effectually wiped out that there were no traces of him left. — Boston Transcript. Several passengers on the lower Mississippi were attracted by the alligators basking in the sunshine. ' Are they amphibidu*^ captain V asked a looker- on. ' Ampbibioyr.fl thunder ;' answered the enthusiastic officer, ;they'll eat a hog a minute.' - / S»d Falling Off.— The ghost of £ /ah Webster came to a spiritual medium in .Mlabama, not long since, and wrote on a slip of paper, i* It i» tite times.' Noah was right, but we are sorry to see that he has gone back on his dictionary. A man in Pennsylvania has tamed » fly. A man is a public benefactor who wijl tame a fly so it can be approached with a club. Tho easiest kind of weeds to remove aro ? widows' weeds. The1 beat way to double a nook of sheep1 ia fold s them. . :I / While thesidewalka were covered with ice every nun's boots' bepama, slippers. ,?- ? Moving for a New Trial — Coaf tivft^ toooad . / , wife ? ' ? -^— ^L— ? 