The Advertiser. MONDAY, MARCH 15, 1875. WHILE the Gothenburg is calamity is fresh in the public mind, it may be well to call attention to one aspect of the case that, so far, has been entirely overlooked. Writers in the public press have referred in eloquent and appropriate terms to the awful loss of human life; and the appeal they have made for sympathy and assistance will doubtless find a responsive echo in every household throughout the land. Ministers of religion have found a fitting theme to speak of; the uncertainty of life, the necessity of being prepared for death, and of humble submission to the will of God. One correspondent even proposed a day of public fast and humiliation, in order that the people of this province might publicly acknowledge the justice of the divine chastisement. But the question on whom does the responsibility rest has yet to be discussed. We have undertaken the government and control of the Northern Territory, and are, in fact, accountable for whatever is done on its behalf; and what has happened once may occur again, and unquestionably will occur again, unless we determine that wise counsels shall prevail in the future. It is always an unpleasant, and, indeed, an unthankful task, to point out errors, to expose mistakes. Still more unpleasant is it to admit that these errors have produced their legitimate result. It would be far more satisfactory to console ourselves with the reflection that knowledge, prudence, and foresight had guided our actions, and that the failure we have to mourn was utterly and hoplessly outside the region of human restraint. Not one ray of solace, however, comes to as from that ill-fated steamer. Now, we affirm most unhesitatingly that the wreck of the Gothenburg is precisely what we might have expected—that it is to be attributed entirely to the danger she incurred in attempting to return from Port Darwin by the eastern route, more particularly at this season of the year, instead of taking the western route by way of Cape Leuwin. Twenty or twenty-five years ago such a thing as a ship coming through Torres Straits to the eastward was absolutely unknown; and a ship bound from what is now Port Darwin to any port in Southern Australia would no more have attempted such a thing than it would have tried to sail across the country. The dangers are equally as great now as they were then. The only difference is that the eastern coast, from Moreton Bay northwards, is inhabited by our own countrymen, and there are various ports where vessels taking the inner passage might call in case of need. It may be said that the Gothenburg had made several successful voyages, that her commander and officers had ample experience, and that there was apparently no reason why the last voyage should terminate as it did. But the truth is that under the most favorable circumstances the risks are fearfully great, and where unfavorable weather is experienced they are infinitely greater. Have many of our readers any proper conception of what they are? We think not—nay we are sure, that with the exception of those who have actually seen the Barrier Reef, and sailed through some of the passages, it is impossible to form any adequate notion of what it is like. Even in fine clear weather, when the reef is as plainly distinguishable from the deep water as the sun in the heavens, the sea dashes over it with such violence, that no boat could live for a moment. And what must it be in a gale of wind? Only those who have seen it can conceive. No doubt as long as the weather is fine, the dangers are for the most part so apparent that it is not difficult to avoid them, particularly when a ship is propelled by steam power; but steamers cannot always ensure fine weather, and as in the case of the Gothenburg, the very power which chiefly controls their movements, may hasten their destruction. It is evident that on the fatal evening the vessel had been driven to leeward, that is, nearer to the reef, and further from the mainland than she ought to have been according to the course steered during the day. That she was so driven may be ascribed to three causes, a strong current, a fresh N.W. wind, and a light ship—daily becoming lighter, and thus likely to make more leeway. Even assuming that her position was known as accurately as it possibly could be, the spur of the reef on which she struck could not be seen in thick weather, and the best charts are necessarily imperfect, as the coral insect sets at defiance the labors of the most careful hydrographer. Then, there being so little sea room—less than 50 miles between the mainland and the reef—her doom was sealed. We hear expressions of surprise that so few lives should have been saved; but those who know from actual experience anything of the place, deem it little less than miraculous that any should have been rescued. Now, when it is remembered that at least half the voyage to Port Darwin is made in close proximity to such dangers as we have but feebly depicted, it will surely be admitted that the dictates of reason, common sense, common prudence—nay, even self-interest— should teach us to avoid them. We repeat that if the Gothenburg had returned, as she-ought to have done, by the western route, the ship, passengers, and crew would now have been safe. The voyage might have been slightly prolonged, but the loss of two or three days’ time is nothing compared with the irreparable loss of life. The question suggested by the wreck, briefly stated, then, is this—Will the painful experience of the past be regarded as a warning to be avoided, or an example to be followed? The Council of the University have at length given us some inkling of their proceedings. For a day or two an advertisement has appeared in the daily papers inviting applications for the Professorships of Mathematics and Natural Science. We presume that it will likewise appear in the leading papers of the neighboring colonies and in New Zealand. The salary offered to each Professor is £800 per annum, with the fees from students. A prospect of increase is held out “as the University progresses.” The applications from the colonies are to be sent in to the Registrar on or before the 9th of May next. These will be forwarded, or at least such of them as may be considered suitable, to a Board in London, who have been requested to act as selectors. The ultimate decision, we understand, is vested in this Board, which consists of four gentlemen of high scientific attainments, together with Sir James Fergusson and the Agent- General, both of whom are undoubtedly qualified by education and ability for the discharge of this delicate and difficult duty. The Professors are expected to arrive in Adelaide in sufficient time to commence their duties at the beginning of April, 1876. There is nothing in the advertisement to account for the unwonted delay that has taken place. Every item of information was at hand three months ago. We do not hesitate to express our conviction that the proceedings of the Council have been marked by excessive caution or apathy. There was no room for difference of opinion as to the Professorships that were required, and not much, we should think, as to the terms on which Professors should be engaged. So long ago as last November we pointed out the Chairs that were imperatively needed, and we are glad to see that the Council, after four months of solemn deliberation, have come to the opinion we then expressed. We venture to ask in the name of the public what excuse can be given for this unnecessary delay? It cannot have been from want of attention to the mere routine of Council duty, for we are told that meetings have taken place every week, and that two hours have usually been devoted to discussion. The fact is well known that decisions of deliberative assemblies depend very much on those who preside. The Chairman of most meetings has it in his power in definitely to prolong debate. But the Council meetings must have been presided over by the Chancellor or the Vice- Chancellor, and Sir Richard Hanson is clear sighted, and Bishop Short is facile. Can it be that the combined weight of the legal and educational mind is proving altogether too much for anything like swift decision? We honestly believe that much of the delay is owing to the Council being held in secret conclave. If a fair report of proceedings had been furnished to the press week by week, public opinion would have been brought to bear upon the matters of debate. This might have guided, without unduly influencing, the opinions of the Councillors, and much precious time, the half of an entire session, might have been saved. Bat what of this appeal to the colonies for men suited for Professors? Applications are to be sent in to the Council. Such as are approved will be transmitted, “with their opinion,” to the “selectors” in London. Now, does any sane man imagine for a moment that an Australian applicant will have a ghost of a chance? Apart altogether from the depreciatory estimate of Australian learning, which is known to be entertained in England, fitness for posts like those in question, cannot be determined solely by diplomas and recommendations. Half-an-hour’s conversation with a man will show whether or no he possesses the “aptness to teach” which is a sine qua non of a Professor as well as of a clergyman; and if the gentlemen in London who are to select for us are judges of character and are determined to act according to their judgment, we fear they will treat the “opinion” of the Council, however favorably expressed, somewhat cavalierly. It would have been a much better course, if there had been time (and there would have been ample time but for this grievous delay), to have canvassed the colonies first of all. We believe there are men of high attainments and splendid abilities who would have applied. In all probability they will not now think it worth while. We hear that the Hughes Professors have submitted to the Council a scheme for classes during the present year. As yet University work has been something of a farce. We have heard of one or two lady students, and of a few young men who have devoted their evening hours after business to the cultivation of the classics and mental philosophy—all honor to their zeal. But to call this University education serves only to provoke a smile. Plenty of evening schools are doing work as high, and the classes that have been held at the Institute and Union College in past years aimed at the same results, with an attendance three-fold or five-fold greater. If nothing better is forthcoming than was achieved last year, we venture to recommend the Council to relieve the Hughes Professors of their duties during this year, that they might give themselves up to the work of preparation for their future lectures. As it is, they can command none too much of leisure. Their clerical duties must of necessity absorb a great portion of their time. It will be better to make a good as well as a formal commencement of a genuine University curriculum when the “elder” Professors have arrived. In April, 1876, we may fairly expect that everything will be in train. By that time no doubt the statutes of the University will be completely framed, unless the Council should deem a prolonged rest needful after their recent exertions. Four Chairs will then be filled, and probably funds will be sufficient for one or two Lectureships. Our readers are aware that it is intended to have Lecturers as well as Professors, and some may be inclined to ask what is the difference between them. It has been suggested that only the Professors really lecture, and that the Lecturers only profess to; but this must surely be a joke of some malignant. A Lecturer, as attached to a University, is one who is believed to have attained a considerable knowledge of some special subject, and who gives forth his knowledge in a series of lectures, without devoting his life to teaching and to preparation for it. A medical man may lecture on anatomy, a lawyer on jurisprudence, and Dr. Schomburgk on vegetable physiology, without interfering very much with their life- calling and its remuneration. We may thus command special knowledge at a much less cost than we could expect to pay those whose living depended on their lectures. As soon as we learn that the curriculum of study is prepared we shall lay it before our readers, and explain all that is needful to be done in the way of admission, and all that may be attempted for the gaining of degrees. We have already acknowledged the receipt of a copy of the Northern Territory Times, dated February 13, two days before the sailing of the Gothenburg. The 13th ultimo being a Saturday, this was the last issue of the Palmerston journal before the closing of the mail. We at first supposed one of the four men rescued by the steamer Leichardt must have had this newspaper about him, and that it was forwarded to Adelaide from Sydney; but it appears that though the Adelaide mail-bags were all lost, several belonging to other colonies were saved and forwarded to their respective destinations, and the newspaper we have received came via Melbourne. Under the circumstances, this print possesses a melancholy interest, recording, as it does, almost the last words and acts of men with whom we were familiarly acquainted, but whose faces we shall see no more. It was printed while they and others less publicly known, but all dear to their own respective households and circles of friends, were about to start on a voyage with which no idea of danger was associated, but which has ended fatally for the great majority of the passengers, and has carried crushing grief into so many families. Apart from these mournful reflections, the paper before us is more than usually interesting, as not only giving the latest detailed news, but information of more than ordinary importance upon a variety of subjects. It contains a full account of the Circuit Court trials, which proved to be the last cases over which the late Mr. Justice Wearing would ever preside. The Gothenburg was expected on Monday, the 8th February, but not arriving, a notice was affixed to the door of the Court House, stating that the Court would be adjourned from day to day until the Judge arrived. The unfortunate steamer put in an appearance on the 9th February, and the Court was opened the following day, the Associate, Mr. Pelham, reading the commission authorising its being held. Mr. Durand, the French Consular Agent, afterwards one of the Gothenburg’s drowned passengers, was exempted from serving on the Jury, being a foreigner and not naturalised. Maurice Holtz was excused on the ground of being a foreigner and being imperfectly acquainted with English, and Mr. H. Moore’s attendance was dispensed with on account of illness. Messrs. Frew and Lindsay claimed exemption because they were Justices of the Peace, but their application was not entertained. The first prisoner placed at the bar was the celebrated Chinaman, and he was tried by a Jury composed half of Englishmen and the other half Chinamen and Malays. The evidence, counsels’ addresses, and Judge’s summing up being concluded, the Jury retired for a short time and returned with the report that the English were unanimous in finding Ah Kim guilty, but the Malays and Chinamen were in doubt. A little farther consideration followed, and all agreed upon a conviction, with a recommendation to mercy on account of the length of time for which the prisoner had been confined, which, considering they were aware that the imprisonment must be for life, would have been a genuine bull, had not the Judge stated that it was the custom for the Executive to remit a large portion of the sentence in cases of that sort. The usual sentence was passed, with an intimation from His Honor that probably a portion of it would be remitted; but two or three days after the Heathen Chinee escaped, and has not yet been recaptured. The next case was that of Ab Doolah, an Arab, charged with stealing a pouch containing silver and money- orders. The prosecutor stated that while sleeping at a public-house he lost the property in question. Afterwards Ab Doolah was found, with the pouch and money-orders on him, but he informed the Court that he picked these articles up between Collett’s Creek and Southport, in the presence of two blackfellows, who had gone he did not know where; and the intelligent Jury, considering this mode of accounting for the possession of another person’s property perfectly satisfactory, acquitted the prisoner. Next day Charles Christianson, alias Johnson, was charged with having fired a pistol at Charles Keenan, with intent to kill him, at Yam Creek on the 6th December. The firing was proved; the prosecutor saw that the pistol was loaded; a mark, such as a bullet would cause, was made on a table; and bullets were found on the floor of the tent; but as it was not demonstrated that the particular chamber of the revolver that was fired was loaded with “leaden shot,” as stated in the information, the prisoner was acquitted. In a burglary case against Henry Hazel there was not sufficient evidence to prosecute; and so the sittings came to a termination, His Honor congratulating the Jury on the lightness of their work, and the community on being found so orderly and law-abiding a people. In the Police Court we find the late Hon. Thomas Reynolds was prosecuting Mr. Joshua Jones for libel, in having written a letter charging him with having, when in the position of Commissioner of Crown Lands, caused moneys which ought to have been forwarded to the Government to be detained in the hands of his son. The prosecutor stated that the orders, which he had, he believed, never seen, were held over pending legislation, and that he was not a partner in the firm of S. G. Reynolds & Co., an assertion in which he was supported by his son. The letter was held to be a privileged communication, as a complaint of one who anyhow had lost his money; but it will be satisfactory to the late Hon. Thomas Reynolds’s friends, who could not believe he had been guilty in this matter, to know that he denied the charges as far as they affected himself from the first, and did everything possible to rebut them. By a report of a meeting of the Palmerston District Council, it appears that the principal subject of discussion was the disposal of vegetables grown within the city limits, and the following resolution was carried unanimously:—“That the fruit and vegetables grown in the garden, situate on the Park Lands, vested in the Council, be either offered for sale by auction, or that some proportionate distribution of the same amongst the settlers be adopted, the present mode of disposing of the produce not being satisfactory to the public; and that the Clerk be instructed to communicate this resolution to the Government Resident by letter.” It was complained by the members of the Council that though a large quantity of fruit and vegetables was produced, the public rarely, even in cases of sickness, could obtain any, as they were distributed amongst the Government staff and personal friends of the officials. During the discussion counsel’s opinion on the subject was read as follows :— “The Government garden and paddock are absolutely vested in the Council by the 94th section of the District Councils Act (10 of 1858); and the control, care, &c.;, of them is in the Council; and by inference the rent and profits arising therefrom are, by the revenue clauses of the Act, made a portion of the revenue of the Council.” The question arises who pays for the labor and other expense of raising this produce; and if it is grown at the cost of the Government, do the Councillors consider it proper that the settlers should, like paupers, be supplied with a portion of their food by a paternal Government? Why is it that no settlers cultivate vegetables, as it is found they grow so readily and luxuriantly? Maize also flourishes. Five or six acres of this plant at Pine Creek are looking well, and there is a good show at Collett’s Creek. Mr. Frew is succeeding with both maize and holcus in the paddock behind the Bank. The Customs returns for 1874 show imports to the value of £20,117 19s, against £35,114 10s. 8d. in 1873. The exports, which were of course almost exclusively gold, were £817 in 1873, and £21,819 10s. last year. It is estimated, however, that at least an equal quantity of gold left the Territory in the hands of private persons; and this being the case, the total export would amount to over £40,000. The Customs duties collected amounted to £6,675 10s. 3d. in 1873 and £5,803 2s. 5d. in 1874; but these amounts do not include the duty on goods which left Adelaide for Port Darwin with drawback allowed, and which should be credited to the Northern Territory. The Northern Territory Times thinks the South Australian Treasury gained at least £1,000 last year from this source. The population, exclusive of aborigines, at the close of last year, was calculated at 780, of whom 600 were whites, and the rest Malays and Chinese. The latest gold news afforded abundant ground for faith in the auriferous wealth of the country. The great crushing from the Prospectors’ Union Claim, that is, the pioneer claim on the reef, is stated at 620 ozs., instead of 800 as telegraphed to Adelaide, but the lesser amount is a splendid return, being three ounces of gold to the ton. Since then, as our readers are aware, the Company working this ground have declared a dividend of £50 for each of the 20 shares into which the concern is divided, and carried £600 to the reserve fund. The proprietors of No. 3 Union, Messrs. Shakes, Cornelius, & Co., hold the venture in 20 shares, and have declared a dividend of £13 16s. 4d. per share. The gold shipped per Gothenburg, by the English and Scottish Bank, was previously exhibited in the Bank parlor, and included 400 ozs. of alluvial gold. Mr. Mackay had just written an interesting report, which was published in the Northern Territoty Times, of the result of a survey he had made of gold- bearing ground. From his description of the country, it may fairly be believed that fresh gold-fields will be discovered in the Northern Territory, and that a vary wide extent of richly auriferous ground exists in that region, The number of the Times from which we are summarising does not contain any intelligence respecting either Yam Creek or Sandy Creek, but recent telegrams have in formed the public of good crushings at the former place. Altogether, this number of the Port Darwin newspaper contains a considerable amount of information of a character calculated to show that, disastrous as has been the brief history of our Northern settlement, it is not likely yet to be abandoned, for the success of several reefing Companies and a number of individual miners proves that there is gold in the country in payable quantities, and that, subject to the inevitable risks and disappointments attendant upon gold mining, that form of enterprise in the Northern Territory will yield a fair return for the application of skill, industry, perseverance, and judicious expenditure. 