NEWS AND NOTES. The committee of the Ballarat Cricket Club has re fused the use of the Oval to the Ballarat Fire Brigade and Orphan Asylum committees, in which to hold the proposed moonlight concert on the 17th March (St. Patrick's-day). The objection to"'the : 'ground being 'Used-i3,Abat;thei.portionj:fqrmipg 4 *f.thB wicket " will probably be damaged, t Although it is alleged that injury was done to the ground: by; the, moonlight com cert held in January, this assertion is said to be untrue/ it' being 'stated that : the ground which was most, trodden under foot .is now the best part of the Oval. ‘ Before nine o'clock’oh the morning after the .concert mentioned,■ there was not a scrap of paper left: on the Oval, and this cirpupistance was" the remark of everyone who had seen the ground,op the night. q£ the concert, A couple of days,,ago there was a rumor abroad as to the club's determination, and a special meeting of the committee was held on Saturday even ing to decide upon the: course to adopt;, and at this meeting a deputation from the Fire Brigade and Orphan Asylum attended, for the purpose of asking for the use of the Oval. There were present, Messrs Finlayson (vice- president), W. H. and B. J. Figgis, Hogg/Scales,, Oldham,/Hunt, G. Thompson,- Coxon, and H. Joseph's fqr club: Messrs Allerding (cap tain), Morris, Wise, and Welch for thg brigade, and .Messrsßaker, Vv reford, Chamberlain, and Davies for the OrpharrAsyliVm.-'-- Previous ■ to the deputation being received, the club'decided to grant the of the Oval, provided that a sum of £2O was deposited for the purpose of repairing any damage that might be occasioned to the ground, such damage or damages to., be ftssgssed by the ground committee of the club. In the face of this, allthat tbe/dopufcafcion could do was to reply-that the/tefmai would be-reported to the ’goneralfcbmmittea i for 'consideration, and an TctdfnedJto the olubl'-Itas/a ‘question of doubt witfci the cricket club.whether ior pot j the reserve is a place'' for public recreation,-and fat' every opportunity the committee of management endeavors to say that it is ; questioned as to '’cCargingTdr admissibnliritb the ground a lease for ten; years from the Town Council is' relibd upon. -Every one knows that, the reserve is-vested' in the Town e“iS"Stmte'talb'about' the;-questiqn'- being tested^'to whether the council can lease the resefvb'tb Vseotiori of the community. Mr Alexan3er'M t haretf,"bf ' the'-firm -of-Tullooh- and- M'Laren, died at his -residence, /Dovetoh estreet, bn Saturday evening, at eight o’clock. “The deceased, gentleman, who was 53 years of age, has been suffer ing for .a long time from cancer, in the stomachy and this .was the cluse of death. S ! Mr’M‘Lareri was i an old Ballpat resident, and was liked ‘by every one with whom he w'as, acquainted. He/.was" connected with ■ St. Andrew’s Kirk from the’cbmmericemerit/aridlook great interest in all that concerned that place of ship: H-JYe understand that ..the, deceased _ h?d r his life insured in the"Xiivefpool arid liotidbn iirid Globe In surance Company.’' The remains o'f the -deceased will be interred in tUC'bld Cemeteriy this 'afternoon.! < Wo regret; to .learn .that tHe Hon.J. F. Strachan, one’of the representatives of- the We star n Pr ovine e in the-Legislative Council, iaso-'seriouslyiiU that on Fri day Dr Thomson, of-South Yarra, iwas summoned to Geelong to consult with—Mr-Straohan’s medical ■ adviser.) vnail.r-wi.' v/i-fiw V, ,y;j-- 9 It is to be regretted that-tho openings in'the embank ment at Lake Wohdouree have not been made of a suffir; cieht Complaints are made.that practically useless, and it seems to be certain, thas the work will have to j'b'e’ doneaovhr/agiiin.-: The rushes, pn_:the; northern side are growing; up; vigorously, and should hoi cut down .again.at onpe-as-a; clear, channel round that side of the lake WillffieT great Improvement. . A'boy.named; John.Edwards;on £ Saturday; reported, to/Sergeant M'Cullagh thatlhe,. in company wittT another boy named Curley Spott, had found the body of ■ a dead .‘man ’in/the bush-(between' /Fisher’s land BurroughV farm, , near; the ; Smytbesdale road. Mounted-constable Fbx”was v immediately l despatched to make enquiries 'in the case, and be removed the body.to the lona hotel to await an inquest, which will be held this morning at eleven o’clock.' The dead man’s name was unknown to the police. He is abbut 40/or 45 ( years of age, 5 feet’6 or/7; inches high, with'dark-brown 5 hair, l bald bn top of-lhe/tead/ within,, small lump likp a wind-gall,on^ l tlie_ back..part of the head. The deceased was" dressed in a'dariT tweed sac coat, 1 ' trousers and vest of ' same old lace-up hq'ots,'-' 'white riottbiiVsbcks,': badaOpepper;.."and..suit/ colored straw-hat. with-black ,baud.,; A white handker chief .was found,in lris:pocket. There were no marks of- violence bn -tfie was' Ijing^bn' his,face and;hands near a tree, with .Ilia arms .folded under bisibody and- bis .;right - leg-,crossed : oyer i be left. There was no appearance, the.-place.'-.-j The flesh-was.much.depojnpoaed,.. and the,, •.deceased-seemed tb have been lying there; for.several” ‘days. Two mounted-constables \vere despatched, to ‘ the locality on Sunday afternoon fo lry to'find soihe' cliie-to the identification of the.deceased; -but it. seems that nothing-further) was<\--ascertained- than that the . deceased bad been’seen in jthe^'locality about-a week agpj.and that,he is a^stranger.., f ~. ... [ A young man, Charles i Wilson' by name,, arid, a la borer-byoccu pa tiori,- was arrested .on Saturday, night, by. Constable Sheridan, .and- lodged in the Eastern lock-up,.ba' a oharge.of having behaved in: a,threaten ing manner in the street. Mary Heaphy, an old and well-known character in Ballarat East, who disobeyed a summons charging her with having used obscene language, was -arrested on Sunday forenoon by Constable Thompson, and con veyed to the Eastern lock-up. The double line of rails from the Ballarat station to the junotion'at Macarthur street is now nearly ready for traffic. The rails are laid nearly all the way, the two ends only wanting to be joined. The ballast is laid from the junction to the bridge over the Qnarr Creek, and wherever the line crosses any streets in its way.; The remainder will probably be laid down .next' week. ' “ : '' -*■ ' ’■ ' • S / The sub-committee.of, the Agiicultural and Pastoral Society, appointed'at the last meßtibg of the' - general bommittea to deal with the subject of a grain show, met at the Eoyal hotel on Saturday forenoon, present, Messrs MTritosh 1 (president), BsirdVM*Dowall,-'Qunn, Simpson, .QuinUvau, Kelly, Campbell, John Jones, and Martin. It was reported by Mr M'Dowall that' arrangements had not-been settled with the Horticul tural Society as to the proposal to hold the shows to gether in the Alfred Hall, owing to the limited time. ; A sub committee was then appointed, I 'consisting of the president and Messrs Martin, M'Dewall, and Kelly, to confer with the committee of the Horticultural . Society; which' meets this (Monday) evening.” It Was ; agreed to offer prizes in value 1 to -the extent of £7O, : and the prize-list as drafted .was adopted. The fol lowing were appointed judges:—For the grain, Messrs Alex;'M‘Cdbbin, 1 Angus -Gilchrist, David-Kiunersley, and— Johnson, of the firm of Swayne and Johnson; fOr flour, Messrs John Taylor, Geo.'Lovitt, and— Johnstone, of Cogliill’s Creek; for 'ro'ots, bulbs, and grass seeds, Messrs Donald Gunn, Andrew Dalgleish, James M‘Dowall, Thomas Bath, and W. H. Bacchus. The following: were appointed; stewards: —For grain and flour, Messrs M‘lnto‘sb” W; Scott, j. Baird, and W. Ross;:,for roots, bulbs, and .grass seeds, Messrs- W. Simpson, T. Toy, and P. Quiniivan. The details con nected with advertising the show, &c.;, were left in the bands of the secretary and the meeting then adjourned. The wooden building on the Presbyterian Reserve, Sturt street, formerly used by the Ballarat College, was soldjlubject to removal,'on~Siiturday' afternoon by Mr Alex. Kelly. The price obtained for the struc ture was £2O ss. We are glad to say that Mrs O'Connor, a lady for a long time resident in Ballarat, and known as the author of, several poems, has been appointed principal, of the Brisbane Girls’College. • V '' "' "i.'S In the Learmonth district the recent rains have had a most beneficial effect.- The young > grass has already' made its appearance, and the land is assuming a much brighter-appearance than for. some time back. Mr Bickett has received : a- letter from the Lands Dspartmentjlnforming/hiaitUaEMr. Casey will receive a deputation of the local-Forest Board and membeis of the district on. Monday,. Ist March, when it will be argued that immediate action should be taken to pre serve the State forestslutbcßallarat districts. . Mr.J. W. Ricbmoad, for the past seventeen years legal' inariager of the Cluries Quartz Cotnpariy,'died late on Thursday night. , Our correspondent says:— “The deceased gentleman has" been suffering for a lorigperiod from liver complaint.'-and hif death is generally regretted. He leaves a widow and several children.” • ' •/ i/;;':'- 1 , A meeting of the joint committees of the Ballarat' Fire Brigade and- Orphan Asylum was.held bn Thurs day evening, with respect to making preliminary arrangements for the .moonlight concert, to be held in March. Those present were Messrs Allerding (in the chair), Chamberlain, 1 Welch, .Baker,;- Wise,; Davies, Muller, and Morris. It was agreed to request the Leidcrkrantz, German Association, to assist in giving vocal music, &c.; The moetiog determined not to -alter the .origiuM: date b£ the.concert, viz, the night; 'of the 17th March. /Tlie' ; secretaries Hver'e instructed to iuvits/the Sebastopol; City, and; Buniuyong Fire -Brigades ,to. join in the procession, &c..; It was Bug-' gestod that.a sham fight by the volriiiteers should'take place, that a grand: torchlight procesaipri.by members of'the- German Association, should take .plaoe, and Chinese musicians -to jmnias well.; It was agreed to illuminate the Oval with 5000 Ghiriese -lanterns, to i engage three bands'of music, bave/a/display of fire-" works/to'senid away 25lire • balloons/ and 1 to/have a miniature bouse and. ship on fire, which would give ; ; tbe firenaen an opportunitj’-of showing-their skill in putting out the couflagralions. The meeting also decided to have a • band of Christy Minstrels, a magic lantern exhibition by Mr Kilpatiiok, and to engage a general manage!. ’ v-.. ;/ A meeting.of the friends of the late Mr Jones, who was killed ou tho Ararat railway line, willj take)plaoe 'atithe Edinburgh Castle hotel, this evening, to devise measures for the- relief of . the ; widow ,;apd-, family. There are six children ranging from i to 15 years of age, and Mrs Jones t is- in ill health and left with;- absolutely no provision. for herself or family. The 'cise'is really a distressing one- and'needs immediate :consideration and , help.; . . ~i.,_, _ ..We have received,-from Messrs Mason; Firth, and M'Gutcheon/ Melbourne, a pamphlet entitled.“Roman ism in relation to politics and morals, being a reply to Dr Bertriingbam’s pamphlet bn ‘ Liberty, 1 Catholicity, 1 and Methodism.’ ” The pamphlet is a report of a lec ture by the-Rev. R. Butchers, of Wodbriga, delivered at Albury. We need hardly say that the lecturer gives his Roman/antagoniat what In the language of the y,- S. Minstrels-is called “ particular fits.” We have-not bad tfie privilege of seeing Dr Bermingham’s pamphlet, but it, no doubt, is equally conclusive on his side of the dispute, ... ” 1/ 1 An ; adjourned ordinary meeting of the Sebastopol Borough Council was held onThursday, 11th Febuary, for the purpose of considering waya and; means for the financial year. All the couhciUbre,were present. It was resolved; that, ovying to-the vgrydepressed state of affairs in the borough, and rapid diminution of the: revenue, the treasurer and/health-officer be requested to afit ip an hpribraryOpacity: als'o |f thgt: tlie town-; olerk's 'servibes; bo required only, throe daps per week, at a salary of £BO per annum; and that, iu.the event of the town-.olerk refusing to.acqept -these -terms he receive tbree-imonthstnoticeitp; terminate his ment. And further, that the rate-collector in future perform th'e duties'of town-inspector; thistle-inspector, and dog-inapector'without;: increase; of salary. It w“f also decided that'applications be-invited, returnable next Thursday, -from persons .willing to undertake ’the duties otcaretaker of the Town-hall for the oon sideration;:jbf la.jper week,; free bojiae, wood an water, and'6s for-cleaning the Town-halUwhen useu.^ ’’ -A few days since Mr Thomas feeerey, : o£ Goodman.s Creek, heading ai -sharpreooey in the; yicimty ot_ nis house, proceeded id'the direction 'of/.the cry. Upon nearing ttfejspot indicated ijy L the sound he- W prised (writes the correspondent of the Bacchus Mars/t •Express) to-'see- ayoung-fellow, .of.. some r twenty years standing against a log, with one foot firmly planted against it, and holding on like grim \- death. tp,.what .proyed.tp be the - tad. of _an snake, his snakeship wriggling and struggling to get under the log, and the young athlete'as energetically strivingto;pull him : out-, about to immolate, thereptile with his axe - tyouqgster begged, him. to, desist. --‘‘ If you hit him, : he-said, “ he' will turn himself and bite, let me, man age ‘ him/’ and with one . vigorous . pull he actually snapped the monster in two halves.', --After extracting, the portion his lengtlrwM found to;be; 6 feel: 3 inches. )'"■ . ,v:l,\o fit jV) ~ 'The: City Rowing Club’s new elght-dar,-boat -was, baptised on ‘ Saturday afternoon, in the boathouso,-by the - president of the chib, Mr, HI R. Caselli,f who; poured some-wine over the. bow of the boat in celebra-. tiuri of the naming;; ..The boat was named the“ Star,”; and the-members present, about tbirty,,. gave.tlirec hearty: cheers for success when.-rpwihg,in;B,er, ; ;t : u rer, From the"lending article in.the '’conference -num ber of the Wesleyan Chronicle we take the following;' —“The annual conference for Victoria- audrTasmania has'come and gone'.* It has been-a’very pleasant-'and; uneventful. gathering, for while 3 °mc of the subjects, .ivhiehengagedits attention;were of much importance, the unanimity, was '.so great that it was quite impossible to get up/anythipg m the shape of a-deb;ite 3 BO las 1 to; give our readers, what so many, of them ask said' oh:e'ach side.l -Were it nbtfor the little' ruffie caused bytheabsence'of re ports iaitbe. daily pi- ess, it would haye been impossible' -to get up the slightest excitement. The.; conference this,year, by an',overwhelming majority/deoided-that it shall 1 henceforth!.’ he' understood 1 ' that ‘ the/ news'-. papers desiring reports of ouiv annual conferences’shall make their ’ own arrangements with. -any- minister- in; the conference who may be'wilUng to reporter.-’ This is the plan , pursued by the British conterence, , and is conformed to not only- by .the Watchman, ■Methodist'. Jkcorda% 'And, Methodist, But by all.' the: English'journos: up ereatdtheThnes. If then there, ■were no reports, it was not the fault of the conference.. It should hp femembered that/the 1 conference during the entire of its existence has sat with closed doors,, and the only report of its proceedings which it autho-; . rises is its printed Minutes of its several Conversa tions d.'/for each .year.,'-'Wp; .hjLVe : '' neyM 1 ;, a conference which dealt' with so inahy important'topics iwith so mueh unanimity.; Resolution after resolution, recommendation . after, .recommendation, were sub-, knitted and adopted-.’withput and' alcnbst without remark. The' obvious cause .of . this is, that •moat of these matters' had -been -fully and freely dis cussed in the various district meetings. .The impor tant subject of lay representation-,in conference,- passed both in the connexions! committee.and in the conference unanimously, and with only a word or two ,6f enquiry. Those who are so fond, of trying'tb' make’ 'out that :the laymen have no power in;Methodism, will , see “from our reports that the'most important connected with'our Church are.now fully and freely-'discussed by them in the mixed connexional committee; and more, all their decisions are adopted by the conference.” ! ; Tho secretary of this Benevolent Asylum informs us that on Thursday evening he lost his collector’s re ceipt hook. . The receipts, however, were entered up to date, and the hook is therefore of no value except, to the, auditors. If any person finding the book'will kindly return it to the .secretary he will reward the finder. : > - The licensed victuallers’ picnic to-morrow bids fair to be a great success in-point of numbers, as we are informed there are only a." few tickets'remaining, and the manager wishes any one. who ~ lie may have failed to supply'to-make early application. .A concession has been made, by the Railway Department allowing holders of tickets to travel from any ‘station between Ballarat and Elaine.. The train leaves Ballarat at'6.25 a.m/ A meeting of committee will be; held, at noon to day at the Edinburgh Castle hotel. A young woman named Elizabeth Bunton was, arrested on. Sunday afternoon by Constable Broshaban,, ip the Main road, on'a charge of vagrancy and lodged iu the Eastern lock-up. ' The prisoner had a looking baby in her arms, and :as it appeared to be dying Sergeant Lamer secured the advice of Dr . Jakins with respect to the'infant's treatment, and on Sunday night,,frequent doses. of brandy and water were given it, to preserve life.’ A : The right to sell.refreshmeiits in the'booths at the' Botanical Gardens, oh the occasion of the moonlight' concert to' be held there on Friday evening,, was offered for sale, by auction on Saturday afternoon* by Mr F. M. Chixton.' ' The' biddings hot being up to expectations, the lots were passed.in for private sale. '-Ohe day in-the latter end of last week, Mr William Young, of the "firm of W. and A. Young, Scarsdale, was standing at;his own-place,- conversing very earnestly on some commercial matter with a well known Ballarat carrier, Mr : C. Shears, when:all at once their footing gave way,' and they were both pre cipitated .into, a water-tank excavation,'sixteen feefc deep, with about ten feet of water therein. ; It appears that they were fortunate enough to get a hold of some of the projecting basalt in the'sides of the exca vation, and were thereby enabled to keep,themselves afloat for a time till their friends arrived with,tackle and hauled them out.. With the aid of some suitable stimulants, however, proper- circulation was quickly restored; and'there has been no result experienced more unpleasant than the ducking itself* with this ex ception, that the friends jif the'reseued.flow and again bother them with officious enquiry as' to how they liked their late Turkish bath. • • Another illustration of, the danger of , opening soda water occurred -on Saturday at the Camp hotel, when ;a bottle burst in the bands of Mrs Braithwaite,-anda rgobd,sized' piece of glass struck her ,oh'the cheek in flicting a deep- flesh wound, from which the blood flowed ..copiously.* .Fortunately no serious result is anticipated, but had the glass struck the eye the sight-, would probably have been destroyed. The accident shows the'necessity of well tested; bottles being used, as well as great care in opening them. A meeting of delegates from - the various friendly societies,, &i.;, in the district, was held ' at the Town hall, Scarsdale, on Friday evening, for the purpose of making ariungements for the annual demonstration on Easter-Monday in aid of the funds of . the Scars dale District Relief Fund and tho Ballarat charities; .The. arrangements. were left in the hands of com mittees appointed for the purpose, and it was arranged that the procession should start from Smythesdalo at 10 a.m. . : • ■■■-. ; Ou Saturday the Black Hill Company’s trihutors, at work offHumffray street, Ballarat East, were erect ing poppeWieadai when the rope gave way, causing a breakage, which . has entailed rather a ; heavy loss; to the party. ..... " •■-At the-Town Police-court, on -Saturday,, two drunk ards were dealt with. A man named Cornelius Murphy was remanded to' appear at Geelong on the 16th instant, on a charge of having deserted, liiswife/ The mayor attended at the court-house.’ . ‘ About/half-past nine o’clock on SaturdaV night a singularly beautiful cloud scene was observable Tor a while in the' north-western heavens. The moon was a" little above the horizon-at the time; in front of her as-itwere, to the west , and south-west, the sky was perfectly cloudless; hahind her,, to the east and south east,-the sky was . completely covered with . a - silvery vapor cloud, the fore part of which, heavy and dis. finer, aud forming a striking . contrast with the clear blue sky, extended in a semicircular form, and with a regularly serrated or rather scolloped ..edge, - from a " point neartlie-moou’s position up to the very zenith;’ Some enthusiastic observers of this rare and interest! ing sight kept watching it till the cloud-had nearly all melted away into impalpable vapor. ‘ - ; ' A dastardly act was perpetrated either on Friday night ; flooring boards of the narrow bridge across the rowe'e ■ Creek at the western corner of the Eastern 1 Oval-was-removed. - -This .left a gap neatly a foot iii width, and iu the daylight some unsuspecting persons fell into the trap, seriously “ harking” their shiqs. As the bridge is greatly used hy pprsoris living on both sides or the creek, it is only a matter of conjecture what might happen to pedestrians during tho dark. On Sunday morning'some one got a small plaok and partly filled up the gap. ■ Of the Strickland forgery Business tbe Colac Herald says;- ‘A.general sympathy ia felt for Mr Strickland at present, as it is said , that the matter ia capable of explanation. .. The Qeelong Ti m s t ft tp S that it is rumored th,s iq only one of a series of similar charges likely to be preferred against Mr Strickland. We maw state that nothing of the kind has been heard about Uolac. nor is tt considered probable that such will be the case, t - 1 ». accountable for a report to the effect that twenty barrels entered as Australian meat were seized at Portsmouth, England, and each barre! contained the . corpse of a full-grown negro, forwarded from the United States for purposes of dic -1 a. dispute took place (says tho Uamlton Spectalar) between William M’Qinniakiu of Muddy Greek, , and his . nephew,: John M’Ginhiskiu' concernnig some fencing, ; when the uncle armed him! knife, and stabbed the younger man in two pieces. One wound is in the, right breast, iind the knife.. appears.. to.-. have, glanced. off the rib ‘without penetrating very deeply.,. The other wound !,.»■. fill gasli behind the angle of the jaw, severiai. tli cutting a branch of the carotid artery, and pen.i about one and a half inches. The accompanied by his wife, managed to walk fon, into Hamilton, leaving a track of blood all rt atil and fainting twice on the road. When bron!? Dr Wylie’s, he was in a shocking statu f rom , p and was covered with blood. The doctor reports r 1 the man’s life is in imminent danger, and thesli i, movement causes the wound to bleed afresh r understand that in the morning the uncle had b "Hafniltdnapplyipg-for aeumraons against hisBesV' and it was noticed that, his eye was .blact-ned '' his face considerably scratched. It would apps!,? j this that-there had been a .previous row betwem? | parties. - , .*• i Our Smythesdale correspondent l.number of persons are suffering from the measf^ [ this district just now. In one family there are jf 4 children ..laid up with, the; disease, and in anothe j .fewer than nine.' It is attacking both old and y„ D^| [/ilffThe following- mining-leases' are declared fort*.! I jii^Ballarat—The Band of Hope and Albion (Wt linear Miners’ Racecourse; T. Bond' and another W ■ Bendigo; G. Wilkins; One-eye Gully. BiacWi jR.; J. Hutton, Barry ’s Keef; C. G. Gilder, Bum's pLi rPleasant* Ord. Stawell; G. J. Battle® ■and! anbthpV,Telegraph Reef; the Jack’s Ventured ! ! panyi Jjondoh.Reef; ..Ah c King, Wonga Wos-n-Bi | r; Bennett and another. North Scotchman’s Beef, y |. ;b6ri)ugh—The Alma Consols * Company, Alma- 5- i'Alma Consols Company,.Alma; H. Hillman and ® ■ther, Alma;' S. Durant,'Alma. Dunolly—j. and others. New Chum'Reef; A. M. Hazle and /Burnt Creek. Tarnagulla—D.Renshaw. Amber 1 ' T. Trebilcock,'Cockatoo. ; Avoca—E. Y. Harrison V 2 F. Bradshaws \- ano|ther, Jerejaw Reef; the Darling Flat Comp® ;Darhng Rlat/.r Inglewood—J. Simkins and.otS 1 S.' Shelton, Tchuterr. 1 ■ ’The board appointed to consider the advisahilih •otherwise of erecting a second lighthouse on coast of King’s . Island met again on Friday at (L Harbor- office, when several additional witnesses examined. • The Argus says: —“ The board dafe that'any gentlemen who have been summoned have hot: yet given evidence, will attend this’iy Saturday) morning at from 10 to.twelve o’clock «) "that'any others who may wish to afford them hifo. filiation. will attend on Monday (this day) from tejjj /three; as they purpose closing the. enquiry on lb 1 day.’’ Id; The Gazette announces the ..appointment of Edrad '■Ji Aston 'to-be bailiff-of the County Court and Co--t ,.ofiMines .appointed.to(be.held at Blackwood,rind AY. Carruthers resigned, . i j ThefSbelford correspondent of the Gahwj fjj, wrote on Friday evening;—“ One of the saddesta) m'ost melancholy accidents which ever cast a gleg, i. over this; locality occurred yesterday on the town ;.wheii a young man named Joseph Delahunty wasnj. I denly killed by being smashed between bis draysial I and a stump/ Tho'exact particulars are not andwm will be known; as,no one was by to witness thefeaid ■death of the youhjg inau.’’ ; / The JtcnilqumOhronUle mentions that Baa | .M‘Carthy and Robertson (Mr Joachim’s solid!®; received from London during the current week a ti j gram stating that counsel’s opinion there was (mt. able to Joachim’s family. i The Itiponshirc Advocate slates that a sheepere y Beaufort way used so much arsenic to kill.the f: that the sheep treated were entirely denuded of tha wool. The farmer does not intend to repeat the a periment. " ■- ■, j The installation of the officers of the Knights tf j Malta Lodge, I.O.G.T., Scarsdale, took place on This I day evening last by the L.D., Br Preeman:-Br/, | Chapman, W.C.;' Br A. Clarke, P.W.C.; Sister M.fc elide, V.C.; Br: G., Bridges, W.S.; Br J. Nerdai W.F.S.; Sister A. Mark, VV.T.; Br T, Bridges, K; Sister M. Chapman; ' W.M. ; Sister A Campl-2 W.D.M.; Sister ;'N. i Bridges, W.I.G.; Br Be 31a, O.S.G.; Sister M. Brown, W.AS.; Sister J. M R.H.S.y Sister A. Newstead, L.H.S. The following appointments have been made in fc Victorian Volunteer. Force:—V. V. Light Hom- Bacohus ;Mafsh r . Troop—Acting-lieutenant Corada Mahoney , to bej lieutenant; seniority to date 6a 28th January, 1873,. Rjyal'V. Artillery.—Dijahl detachment, South Grant Corps—Actiuglieuteaa- William Henry Hall to be lieutenant; seniorilyb date from 25th February, 1874. 2nd Metropofc Battalion.—East -Gollingwopd Rifles—Acting-lieuta ant John Arnold Christopherson to he lieuteia'; seniority to date from 22nd January, 1875. ' The installation- of the officers of tha Knights! j St. John's Lodge of the I.O.G.T., Smythesdale, tail place on Friday evening, the ceremony being perforand I by Br Best,'L.D., The following are the officers:-; Br Spivey,-W.C.; BrDuffin, W.V.; Br Boykett, £ij| Br Usher, F.S.; Br Proctor," W.T.; Br Sinden, chip.; j Be Boden, marsh.; Br Wright, I.G.; Sister flaw; O.Q.; BrBesl, L.D.; Sister Spivey, li.H.S.; BrLii , ther, L.H.S.; and Sister Sanders, A.S. ■ The business at Ararat is rather .heavy, and th Hamilton Spectator says that the Ballarat Jsb Court may have to be postponed for a day or a a consequence. Another successful instance o£ the injection d ammonia: for snake-bite is reported by the Ritev i Advei'tiscr; —“ Mrs J. G. Turr.er, of Angora, Latbln nearly lost her life from the bite o£ a snih near:to her residence. The usual stupor and. otto symptoms appeared forthwith, though the mud was scarified, and the wound being near the ankle i ligature was quickly tied above it; still bad symptoa prevailed, until Mr Turner cleverly injected ammonia into a vein iu the arm. This very probity saved- hto,wife's life,; forjn a few hours after tie ammonia was injected she ; felt, very much belter, id is now well.” ' Some “ exuberant” blockheads in HobartTombn been playing at ghosts. The Mercury sun of its doings:—“ There' can- 1 be no doubt that sons have been frightened to a degree causing bokf and mental suffering. The guilty offenders are id known, and yet nothing, in so far as we have bad has been done to bring them to justice, or twob expose”them. How. is this? Are some ol the offend® among the ’respectables,’ and, therefore, to be pc mitted to do mischief with impunity; or baa it offence been squared?" If. so, at what pries, whose profit;”' . Vfe (Telegrap7i) learn that MrR, Brough Smjik -.the Secretary for Mines, has been elected a mssto of the Linneau Society of England, aud that Mr »■ ■ Nicholaa;;r)i the Mining Department, has been eW*- (i fellow of the'Geologioal Society of Loudon. The prices'asked by farmers in this district ft | .wheat, must, (says, the Geelong Timcsjhit much biff i -than other parts' of the colony, as it is imf i, for our local millers to sell flour at Melbourne and in conseqiience large quantities of both wheatw flour are daily coming down by boat and tail. ’ ' There'now is’but five miles between Beaufort ami Buangor section, the plates at thus being (says t he Ararat A dvertiser j laid up to the» ting at Mount Mistake, the only delay being'i -j ballasting operations. The engine, it is M'j scarcely powerful enough for tho work, but soW' the way 1 is concerned it will be. finished easily tract tiieo;: , The contractors state that it is cult to obtain fencers, and in tins departmoot ' work there will ha some delay. A BuangorW - pondent writes; under date of 8th February:— Crossley and Fraser, contractors on the thirds- • of the Ararat and Ballarat line, are .pushing <» work vigorously ; they will finish the l®^ 1 this week, which is excellent. The line is to travel on. The bridge work is order, and it is -a credit to tho engineers in j the section as well as to the contractors, . determined to have, their section finished m , ready for the. Government.” , i The U.S., Minstrels had a good h.W« «« j night, anil the programme of {gusic and fon lu ing was spiritedly performed and heartily “P! 1 ’ At the close of the entertainment it was “ nn W that the dompauy would this week (Lssii Slawell, and on Saturday night next gi ye j l , j performance in the Mechanics’Institute, Ball* .... Au. important notice to owners of qalt 3 is . ;f the town-clerk’s offiqo, and published in ®i Using columns, ’ A tea-meeting in connection with the op Jp tho new Presbyterian Churah, Windermere, held this evening. 