TOW TALK. Onr monthly letter for transmission home by the xnaU will be published to- morrow. Many of his friends and constituents in East Geelong will deeply regret to learn that the health of Mr John Richardson, M.L.A., continues in a most unsatisfactory state, and liia protracted illness has rendered it neces sary that, with a view to regain his strength, he should have a period of entire respite from his ordinary duties. Acting on.the ldndly suggestion of the President of the Shire of South Barwon and some of his friends, he applied to the Shire Council yes terday to be relieved of his duties as Secre tary for the Shire for two months. Tire re quest, it is hardly necessary to say, was at once, and in the kindliest manner possible, acceded to, the different members of the Council vieing with each other in expressing their sincere regret that such a cause as ill health should have rendered the application necessary. Mr Richardson, who appeared thoroughly to appreciate tire sympathy ex pressed, thanked the members for the way in which they had acted. In the meantime the duties of Secretary will he undertaken by Mr It. S. Tuffs, the Shire Engineer, the President (Mr W. Higgins) having promised in his capacity to render any further assist ance that may be necessary. The following is a copy of a telegram re ceived yesterday from Messrs Helmuth, Schwartz, and Co., London, by the Austra lian Land and Finance Company, and placed at onr disposal:—"The wool sales closed without animation; fleece twopence, scoured twopence half-penny, and greasy three half pence lower than during June." MrDockeiy's printed flannels and table cloths were seen to great advantage in Mr Franks1 gallery yesterday, and elicited the approval of every person that Baw them. The colors could not have been more perfect, and the patterns did credit to Mr Dockcry's taste. Mr Dockery is going to cultivate some selected land, but it is to be hoped the time is not far distant when he will receive such encouragement as will induce him to give up agriculture and establish a flannel printing factory on the banks of the Barwon. There are plenty of agriculturists in this i colony, and but few flannel printers; in fact, none so expert as he has proved himself, and it is a pity to see such an opportunity de layed of starting another important in dustry. The following circular has been re ceived by several gentlemen from the Victorian Protection League: — "In the event of the Ministry being defeated, the fitting time will have arrived for the country to exercise its constitutional right and pri vilege of approaching the Representative of ; Her Majesty with a petition to afford the constituencies an opportunity of expressing their opinion on the great questions of policy at issue. In order the more effectually to accomplish this object it is deemed advisable that delegates be sent to Melbourne from the various centres of population with as little delay as possible, should the Ministry be defeated; for the purpose of forming a united deputation to wait upon the Acting-Governor to adduce and urge good and sufficient reasons why his Excel lency should grant a dissolution at the pre* sent critical juncture. We hope that the course of action proposed will meet with your approval, and that yourself and friends will take care that your district be as fully and ably represented as possible on this im portant occasion. We would also respect fully suggest that your delegates bring with tliem to Melbourne petitions founded on the resolutions adopted at any public meetings that have been, or may be held in your district; and signed by the chairman on be half of such meetings ; together with any other petitions •which can be signed in the interim. Will you be good enough to inform I us, as early as possible, of the action taken in ] furtherance of this object." An important alteration was made by the Agricultural Society yesterday which should [ tend to materially increase the show of horses. Hitherto it has been the custom | only .to award a first prize in any class con ditionally that a certain number of entries .are. made. Thus many an exhibitor of a really first-class animal has been deprived of his award simply because a sufficient number of owners have not thought it desirable to compete, and there can be no doubt has been discouraged from again competing. 2fow, it will be seen by our report of the meeting, all such absurd restrictions have been re moved. When recently in accordance with, an appointment a deputation from the South Barwon Shire Council proceeded to Mel bourne to wait on the Hon. the Minister of Kailways in reference to-the abolition of the Barwon Bridge toll-gate the members were treated apparently with scant courtesy, for they had to return as they' went.' The department has since been communicated with, and the Commissioner has explained that his fame was so engrossed with the work of his office in connection with the prepara tion of the new goods tariff that he was pre vented from granting an interview to several visitors besides the South Barwon delegates on the day in question. The members of the Council consider that they have special reasons to urge in favor of the retention-of the toll, and as the Commissioner has pro mised without fail to grant them an audience on the subject delegates have beenappointed to attend the Shires' Conference in Mel bourne on the 28tli instant, and also to unit on the Hon. Mr Woods at the same time for the purpose of showing why the Barwon toll-bar should not be abolished, as pro posed, at the termination of the year. It was mentioned some few weeks ago," just before the late Ministry relinquished office, that the Education Department had given notice of its intention at-the end of the quarter to withdraw all aid from St. Peter and St. Paul's Capitation School in Ashbv. Within the past week the intimation has been carried into effect, and the teachers of the school have been dispersed. The school, which belongs to the Roman Catholic body and is one of the oldest established educa tional institutions in the town, has not been closed for new teachers have been provided, and, according to all accounts, the action of' the Department is notf likely to affect its efficiency. ' - • .Through a misunderstanding as to the time of opening the Insolvent Court,5 the attorneys and others interested in the proceedings were yesterday obliged to "kill time" for about an hour in the Supreme Court-house. On the occasion of the previous sitting of the Court the proceedings were commenced at 9.30, instead of 10 o'clock, the usual hour, and the wirolti was that his Honor Judge Noel was kept waiting for the appearance of some of the,insolvents and their attorneys. Yester day ,*he returned :the compliment, with: in terest, for instead of commencing the business at 10 a.m., the Judge only took his seat' (punctually) at 11. The proceedings only lasted twenty minutes, and at the conclusion his Honor intimated that, to save trouble, the Court would in future open at the latter hour. ; The next sittings, to dispose of the business under the old Act, will he held on the Gfcli December. An equestrian accident occurred yesterday forenoon at the intersection of Moorabool and Little Malop streets. A butcher was riding along with a basket full of joints at a nice canter when his trusty steed was tripped, probably with a piece of loose metal, came suddenly down on its knees, and rolled over on its side. The butcher cleverly disengaged himself from the stirrups and alighted nnliurt. The meat stnek to the basket, and so did the butcher. As for the horse, it regained its feet and stood quietly while the rider re-mounted, and rode off nothing the worse for his mishaD. A few days ago a man named Flannagan put an extinguisher on one of the lamps at the Barwon Bridge by brushing it off with a tall waggon of hay, just as he might have done a mosquito. Acting on the advice of a constable, ho had the lamp repaired, and sent in a claim for the tinsmith's charges to the council, with an urgent request that the I amount Bhould be paid, or the reason fornou j payment stated. Awed by the imperious ! tone of the letter, the shire council has not only decided to reimburse Mr flannagan for his outlayj but they have instructed their Public Works Committee to take what steps may be found necessary to elevate the muni cipal lanterns beyond the reach of Mr Flau nagan's tall waggons in future. "Perseverance overcomes great difficulties." Henry "William Lyte, formerly of Ballarat, ling signally demonstrated the accuracy of the hackneyed assertion hy his experiences as an insolvent. Many years ago he got into the clutches of a Ballarat building society, had his estate compulsorily sequestrated, aud was well nigh beggared. The society was an evanescent affair, something worse than an indiarubher balloon ; and, according to Mr Lyte's showing, after entering into certain negotiations for the advance of some money to enable him to improve certain valuable blocks of land taken up under the leasing provisions of the Land Act, the society collapsed before he obtained the advance. Strange to say, ho was called upon to settle for money he never received, and was forced into the Insolvent Court. Since that time lie lias periodically and per sistently applied for his certificateof discharge with the object of appealing to the Lands Department for the restitution of the land seized by hit alleged creditors. A petition setting forth the merits of his claim has been printed ready for presentation to the mem bers of the Legislature. After repeated ob structions and applications postponed from time to time, extending over years and heard by various judges, Mr Lyte's certificate was finally granted yesterday, and no" doubt we will shortly hear something further concern ing the wrong which he believes he has suffered. Another list of subscriptions received in aid of the sufferers by the floods in France will he found in our advertising columns, and by this it will be seen that Geelong and district have not been backward in coming forward, the amount acknowledged as having been received by the hon. trea surer being £128 19s 9d. Several lists have yet to come in, and, as we anticipated a month ago, the total amount will not be far short, if anything at all, of £150. In addi tion to the amount mentioned there is abont £S to come in from the Ven. Archdeacon Slattcry, being the amount collected in the Itoman Catholic churches in Geelong. Then, again, it is known that some subscriptions hare been sent direct from here to Mel bourne, and that the amount would have been augmented by donations from Colac but that the worthy Secretary of the Shire Council there very pluckily started a separate fund for Colac. The fifth and final heat for the President's Cups in connection with the Corio Bay Bow ing Club, between crews stroked by Trindcr and M'Indoe, came oil' last evening, and re sulted in a victory for the latter, he manag ing to catch the judge's eye rather over a length ahead of his antagonist. He is there fore the winner of the Caps :—The following are the names of the crew:—J. J. Shaw, No. 1; G. Clayton, No. 2; J. W. Miller, No. 3; C. M'Indoe, stroke. Mr C. K. Pearson acted as judge, and Mr Brown as starter. Football on Saturday last provided anotner accident to be placed on the long list of those on record as the result of youths indulging roughly in this popular amusement. A youth named Caldwell, whilst playing in a match on Newtown Hill, was endeavoring to dosome of what is known as " shouldering," when the object of his attention slipped out of the way, and he shouldered the ground instead, sustaining a fracture of the collar bone. The Mayor, and Messrs Belcher, andCouvcs, J. P's. were in attendance at the Police Court yesterday morning. Stephen Hill and Pat rick Moran, the latter in the employ of David Thomas, Railway contractor, were summoned by the police, for having no name on their drays, and were each fined 10s. and 5s. costs. John Walker was fined 10s. and 5s. for removing timber from Crown Lands at the You Xangs, without a license. John Joseph Sandford, for driving without a light on the night of the 25th inst. was fined os. and 5s. costs. Peter Smith for a similar breach of the Corporation bye laws, was fined 10s._ and os. costs, it being his second offence. In the case of Clara Woods v Edmund Woods for maintenance, adjourned from last week. Mr Price askedfor a further adjournment un til Friday to enable him to obtain testi monials as to the character and sobriety of the defendants. The request was granted, and the Court then rose.' At the meeting of the Ballarat City Coun cil, yesterday, Cr. G. Smith was to move— " That the Mayor and the Minister of Mines be requested to bring under the notice of the hon. the Commissioner of Railways the desirability of special railway rates being charged one day in the week, daring the summer season, on all railway lines con verging from Ballarat, and thus give to Bal larat, as a great commercial centre, the same privileges and facilities as are enjoyed by the City of Melbourne." The idea is an excel lent one. There is no reason why the re quest should not be granted, and we trust the Geelong Town Council will imitate the example set by their contemporaries in Bal larat. We understand that immediately after hi« fine little mare Black Bess had won the Trot ting Match at Kensington on Saturday, Mr English sold her to a Melbourne gentleman for seventy guineas. 'The trustees, as well as the creditors of a deceased insolvent, have had an agreeable and unexpected surprise. Five years ago David Scallan, of Pleasant Creek, filed his schedule with debts amounting to over £8000. A year or so afterwards the insolvent died. The assets consisted of mining scrip, and were accounted at the time so worthless that the estate was abandoned by the assignee. Since then the shares have gone up, and the trustees appointed to administer the affairs of the deceased insolvent have thought pro per to convene a meeting, and propose to amicably arrange matters with the creditors. Yesterday the meeting for proof of debts was held before Judge Noel, and the creditors being represented by proxy, a composition of sixpence in the pound was agreed to. It is said that the trustees will realise a very satisfactory amount from the estate. Our correspondent writes :—The cricketers of Bellarinc and Portarlington opened the season on Saturday last. The match Married v Single did . not take place, owing to the Benedicts not putting in an appearance. Their absence was unaccountable, unless it is that they are afraid of a defeat. However a scratch match was arranged and sides were choaen by Messrs Brown and AY. Grigg, Brown's team scoring the victory with 20 run3 to spare. For the "winners Brown commenced the sonson well with 40 and Smith with 1G. For the losers, F. Ebery was top scorer with 13\. The bowling was very good, AV. Grigg and F. AVilley showing that a winter's rest had not affected them in any way. As the members intend to practice twice a week it is likely that the club will distinguish it self during the current season. A local Land Board 1b announced to be held on Tuesday next, l2tll inBt. It is anticipated the dinner with ■which tho members of the Geelong Football Club in tend to Wind up tlie season will he a grand success. It is to be held in the Argyle hotels on Saturday evening, and the committee have requested Us to urge Upon all who wish to be present at it the necessity of pur chasing tickets on or before Thursday next. These can be obtained on application to any member of the committed. A heavy loss was sustained by Miss H. J. Price yesterday, and as it is one she can ill sustain it is hoped the purse advertised foP will be found. We have been requested to call the attcn ; tion of all who may wish to invest iu houso property to the sale advertised by Messrs W. P. Ducket ahd Co,, for to-day. The attetltiou of residents in the Bellar ine and Paywit districts is called to the ad vertisement of sale by auction on Thursday at tho rooms of Messrs Duoker and Co., of upwards of 1QOO acres of excellent land in Paywit, known as the property of Mr 3. G-. Carr, Agricultural lands in Bannockburn and Moorpanyal will be sold at same timo and place. A twenty page pamphlet written and published by Kohert M'Caskie, actuary, has been issued entitled "The Investigation Report and Valuation of Policies of the Na tional Mutual Life Association of Australia Examined, and the principles on which the Valuation has been Made Explained and Refuted." Tho brochure appears to he the outcome of a standing grievance between other life associations iu this colony and the Mutual, owing to the actuary of tho latter having some time since issued a private report to its agents in which life societies in this colony were severely criticised. The Herald, regrets to say that the Hon. Edward Cohen is very ill, and suffering most acutely. The ravages of the disease which is preying on Mr Cohen have been so great that he has greatly altered. When he last appeared in the Legislative Assembly ho was, only the ghost of himself. Lr We learn from the Keningion 2feic.i "that -the testimonial to Mr and Mrs S. C. Hall, the veteran author and authoress, -which has. ^ been so long talked of, -was on Wednesday, ; I July,14th, presented by the Earl of Shaftes ;"bury at the residence of Frederick Griffin, \- ;Esq., 1, Palace Gardens. With the sum • .raised an annuity of £100 a year has been : secured to Mr and Mrs Hall for their joint lives. The balance -was handed to Mr Hall, with a splendid album containing over 200 . ; letters. Mr S. C. Hall acknowledged the ; • gifts with much emotion. The garden party, ■. wliich was to have formed part of the pro . ceedings, was spoiled by the rain which \- ...marked the eve of St. Swithin." Mr Griffin, \- - at whose residence the presentation was . made, will be remembered by many of the old residents of Geelong as a large property . holder in the town and suburbs, as also of a sheep station at the Anakies. Mr Griffin : has been quite blind for many years. . .. After this what is there that the Free traders-will not do? The Aye says:—"The Freetraders, despairing of the success of their attempt in the Assembly to eject the . Ministry from the Treasury benches, are now . endeavouring to bring outside pressure to bear. -Recently there appeared an announce ment that a requisition had been presented to Mr J. B. Crews, the President of the Vic torian Permanent Bnilding Society, asking .him to convene ameeting of the shareholders i . for the purpose of considering the following resolution:—' In the opinion of this meeting the interest of this Society requires the at tention of its secretary during the whole of . the business honrs,anditviewswithregret the step taken by Mm in accepting the office of Minister of Education in the Government.1 An analysis of the names appended to the requisition shows that those moving in the matter are nearly all in the employ of soft goods men. The list is headed by tbe name of Mr W. H. Lawrence,' a gentleman who \- ■ _ made, himself conspicuous'in the interests of the Free trade party at a meeting lield by them in the old Exhibition building some years ago. It may be asserted -with confi dence that these gentlemen -will take nothing by their motion, as by far the majority of the shareholders approve of Mr Monro's politics, and of the action he has taken in . joining the administration of Mr Berry." A correspondent of the Sydney Morning -. Herald "writesOn the 30th September I visited a public building in course of erection, . and. "with a friend proceeded up a flight of . stairs, one of the workmen made some allu sion to my heels ; on coming down the door -.was locked ; by a vigorous push an' egress was obtained, but when passing along, a block of wood, weighing probably lOlbs., was thrown from a height of 50 feet, and fell close by the head of the writer ; on inquiry \- he"was informed that people who trespass .beyond certain limits are expected to ' stand " drinks.' The writer asked how much these men received a day for their labour, and "was informed from 10s to 14s, and even 20s ; and they have. the meanness to beg for a threepenny drink." ' We learn from the I'artoral Times that a grand attack on the kangaroo is being pre ' . pared for at Thnle and Cobran stations, owned by Messrs Wolseley, Gibhs and Co. About forty men are employed digging pits, erecting fences and traps for the tripod. ■ It is estimated that there are at least 10,000 " kangaroos on these two runs, and as each of these is supposed to eat or destroy grass that will feed, two sheep, the stations would sus tain 20,000 sheep, more than they now do, if the whole of the kangaroo here could he got \- rid of. How is this to be done? They .. breed like rabbits, ail the, year found. The \- dingo used to destroy lots of the kangaroo— : .the former was too slow to catch the latter .:. . by speed alone, so the dingo ran down his . game as a ferret would a hare. Then came the feast. The wild dog would only eat the choice '. hits of his victim—this was the head and front of his offending.' After this he again preyed as he became hungry, but he na : turally wanted change of diet, so he helped \- himself.to a little.lamb or mutton, which t—licffl the irc or.our.sheepowners, so science was called in, and Worragri was poisoned off wholesale by strychnine... Everybody "hunted poor dingo, without considering the . "part he was playing .in the economy of na r ture, for he was keeping down the. too pro lific tripod. How, dingo is a creature of the past. 'Twere better, probably, that wekept him with all his voracity, for the poor fellow _was content with as much a3 he could get. .. "Every dog has .his day," but dingo plied his calling at night generally, and took his . lamb without mint sauce, unlike a once popular minister of Victoria. How we have the kangaroo revelling in thousands where only dozens of dingos lived- Man is never satisfied. 