I TALES A'k'D SKETCHES. AIBY LTIXA1-. Tt «^i- tJironjrH an atm-^sphen? h-rr and laden ! to'hssvtrrariou point with nicotine that Hooted ? mt lsnwth with a eo^ «f annavane* at Tom, who ! satwirlf -iii fa* on the other «M* nf »he Tittle | ope'-cr«?« st™« which, br a b-dd fiction of the j fmas-roinrtn, was supposed to nn» my office, j Hi- rilenre mieht, perhaps, to hare been con- j strait a* m (eci. reverence for the srenments i which 1 ha-1 hem advancing with considerable , nurncvdririnE the pa* (ten minutes. Thev wOTcnt«ruy.rr«introvBrtiWe.sustsinedasthey | sere bv the only tno material and acknowledged fiet* abnnt u-. 'Ortamlv. haH he been disposed to as-nfl my proposition, that the wit of , MtaWWiin; a prsrtire by a youne nhvsK-an wirhoat connections ww one of poverty and i misery and long- suffering, the suction-room ; fomifnr* wraM have «rr-»fced a denial, my | mu«d insrrurtiRnrs would hive snapped their | joints with hriijnilion in Ihe diwr ot the i other side of the liltV room, mid the gray aslies , tint ??- nearlv rroan3en out the coal: from the ' crate- wrrajd ha«e glr»w*d again in remonstrance. \ This last event could rot have bewn wholW : dnagreeabut. rinee we had been smiting fo- j warmth rather thin for enjoyment, and my pipe : had pweoufh the srdour of discourse. , But iiHiliuTeisy was not what my heart i ?ought: rafter sympathy. And Tom, to whom my niaint had lost its aonUmoving quafty bv frequent renrrinon, replying *- first with word: that became inarticulate in the struggle to pase Ins pips alem, had then puucUiated toy remarks with meaningless gutturals, and finally *ab=wed into the q-aet of abstraction. Tt was not .pfTfhT— conviction, then, but quite another state of mind that I saw portrayed on my friend's countenance ; and there HI upon me that sense ofloas which corns* with Ac roovietinu thata wen-expressed and forcible grumble has been ,, !? if ???? mown sway OD Oral ear*. Whether it was the unnamed influence which tjopnlar superstition assigns to the ease of the bnman to. or whelhsr it was the abrupt cessa tion of (be sound of my mice, something erased Tom tn raise bUgbnee. and, as it were, to gather himself together again from 'he scattered con dition into winch he had bussed. ¥romvaeancy, lus em enlarged the visual anele tmtfl probably my Starr came in adit, and he spoke : ''Too bed. Didn't yon collect anything?' ' Collect your sensss, Tom,' said I, with some indignation at tills Irrelevant speech. 'So r will; n- I wuV was Tom's unoffended reply, a.' he drew that long bread) which acenninamrsacharigeofnienlajuueuuilion— or. to spealrwith more srjrntifir. exactness, which is earned by the involuntary respiratory muscles lauewiug »*— |nfl»»« from irsljiinL 'I was Sow, thB mood of abstraction had been sow ing on Tom of late. Bis occasional visus of friendship and condolence at my ofiee had been given np more completely to Oat fumigalkju which b so admirable an accompaniment to, hot not wholly a substitute tor, sympathetic oompamDoahip; and the evidence that he had r.m - 5,' - ?* w ?n«.IamawMtlailim» fa wnetniDgop aw tnmawaoMtamCBmptMataawmM more absorbing than even file pictme of nry woe^hadatle^beeomeirHeijtible. I have no hoitation in earing that I waa more selfish thm my friend. MsJerabfe ogotk* that I was, nronabn EBeo my mad eo enfireW ttnet, ?UhODfji paenring Hut be had s bmhle, I shut rnyeyes to the fret, and inflicted myself npoc Inn in'*'—' [jeiawteiin.y than wbl It may be that Tom thoncfat himadf beUng ingeoeroan; whne permitting me tDDnbosom mjadf sad offiaran ntHhing of Ui wuiniBtuiu ; pecnuady appropriate. Whatever the case may have been, he waa sOent only far a moment, long I enoorih to Uow a large tine of smoke, But* as a | ship', cable, and then to send another, slim ai I the bracelet of the najntieat wrist, wbiriine throogh the exact centre of the lint; when, jurt as they broke on (he aide of the stove, he con troned: ** Boeer, what ste the signs of inrinirnt insanity?- j Ths ineonaeQnenoe of this cemazk m*^* its ! snustaiMie rather startiiiuj. 'What in die world do yon ask about tint far old fellow?' said L 'Thcrt't Ksodsley's taxable win tell yon all about it, if yon really want to know; but^ yon see, when everybody is more or less insane, it breaks ont in all sorts of ways. Ton have to watch fop it' anyttringin me that made you think — tiutmade j 'tfooaenae; Tom! what has got into 'your head?' 'Huu?s exxctiy what I want to talk to yon about. I want you to feel my pulse'— here be ulilJllml ont an arm that would have been , forminaHe, indeed, had s maanWa mind con- ! trailed itsadim. 'Doesit run along fbnoualy? look at my eyes, are the pupils ousted and gsring? Is there anything bloodshot end ; fcveriihtbere? Dolarohiyonrglance? took me atzaigfat in fhe eye. 5ow give your pro- - losionaljudgment.- ? j I mnat fasse crnmed in s manner saoat exss peratzng to an earcest inquirer as I gazed into Tom's honest face and calm blue eyes; sod felt a pulse full, strong, and pfifwiijlj regular in its heat, aa my sense told me, quite below eerentv ' I don't know a. I can tmat yon, Tom,' said ^Tanghing. 'Ton are, doubtless, ss mad as a March hare:bot,prot»bly, there is Dotting hem to excites display of your mania.' °Itfst»foolniguuater,'«spoDaed my friend. 'I want to know exactly what you think; whether job see snythmg atange aboot me.' . 'Dear old £Oow,' asid I, at last, I littb wHHuMsBOj JXJBt DBn II MM wOCDQ MM M HUt* Uu dorft yon go to orack it with such botheration. There is no surer say to get the hypo than to think about it 'WcB,Ihelk)Tejon,'saMTnm. 'But that settirs the qopstion. If Tm not going eeary, I know arhat 1 am ' ' Wb«V that?' 'Roired.' 'Kli?' 'Sraittd! Smashed! Done up entirely! Spoonry on a gboaf ejaculated Tom. as if to exhaust ihe rynonyula of slang in aiding my eomprehen*um. Kov, as ntHher Tom nor mreelf was eve i spiiroacbiuf:thatcottditiott of material prosnerity ?rltiril is Uiousht a necessary precedent of matr - m*-nT, it should* perhaps, have been conodere i an act of profound discretion on liid part to ja ? in love, if &11 be must, with a creature so inec pensice arid inUngible as a ghost ; but the stat - ment aras none the less strange and posubK alarming. It certainly required explanation. ' Tint's about the long and -he short of it, * continued Tom, leaning back hie bead an I sendins the sfuolce through bis nostrils to ward the eeflinj. ' II I'm subject to illusions and that sort of tiling, I'm all right. ; it is onl- an in*ani- ima«ininp. It my Itcid is dear, a» you say it is, then I won't aosa-cr for niyeelf. Jlie £rst tive I uv her at Mad&oit;: L'Aetra's ? ' ' To don't mean to ear you've been rnnnio; after that sort of humbug, Xom,' 1 exclaimeJ, ' I mean to aiy exactly that,' replied he ; -?and I don't know about i'5 being a humbug either; or, that a lavjer hasn't a* much right to investigate psychical pheno mena aa a physician. But £ was going to sa; that fir*t time I went to one of those matrrinlii! ing tetnees, I fell in love with that girl/* 'Then she isn't aghast?' 'Oh! you know what I mean. They call ic a materialized epirit. I don't mind talking to you about her, Boger, and I luv- been bunt ing' to talk to some one. I find I cin'c keep it to myself; she is really crowing fond of me.' ' A true spirit lure !' 'And ian'c that the truest land; She always wears mv flowers now when she appears-; and lEadame says that n* I am not there, she seems more shadowy and sad. Two weeks ago, sue let me kiss her hand, and when I had a private sitting, the really put her cheek against mrae- If it were not for those touches, [should think with you that it is all a humbug; but they thrill me now. Ihen I thought perhaps I waa not all right in my head. Perhaps vsu can't tell. Are you tore? But your brain is desrenougb, and you shall come with me and see for yourself.' 'When?' 'Thn erenioe.'* answered Torn, polling out bis watch. Ml£auame begins her seance al esjht. We shall have just fifteen wi*iTtwi to get there-' The door-way before which Tom halted me sh the enbance to one of those semi-puhuc buHdtnga in which rooms may be hired for any conceivable purpose on payment of rent weekly in advance, whether one may wish to use them trw r*^n4iifig tnr mamrf— «larrinp;t nr tnr l/irlging UMxe was evjdentiT a photographer's room tu the upper story, for padlocked shutters hid arfut must have been * remarkable display of ?* art' jot inside on the walls of the passage. The vrords' Intelligence O£Ba- 'mocked Ihe passer m beuuaut Letters one side; and opposite swum; a flattened repmsmtition of a portion of the human leg, which, when viewed in profile, fflustnlad the legend of 'Saner* node to Order,' end when seen edgewise, painfully suggested a victim of the torture of the iron boot. There waa of eonne a dentist up one dijhti and the sign of a patent invention of some sort waa mry.fasu at the foot of the stair The street lamp shone brightly, or the modest tin plate tacked on one of the jambs of the door way. -»-^ P Madame Estdle L'Astra, Clairvoyant,' would have bean invisible. Tom preceded me up the stairs, tamed tn the right tnronghacloseo*aiaJieaB that seemed to make itself aenelt, end climbed another flight at the top 'of which ewong a dim axroseae lamp, shedding I oHy rays on two cards of the showcase order, one of which read: 'Madame rstejle L'Artra, Business and Healing Medium j' and, the other, 'Seines To-night;' while the hand of an un professional letterer had added in rickety print ? beneath, 'Walk In.' I As I followed my -«imp— -»»« throngh the door, which he opened as if familiar with the peculiar weaknesses of the loose knob and tile rattling latch, there smote upon my senses that odour, indescribable in words, which iB found only in apsrtmeota bearing more than their share of Ihe burdens of daily human existence. ; There was a suggestion of tea and toxst in the | air, with pOMobly something tried ; a eofa-bed i and a enrtained recess, which was doubtless ; a lavatory, hinted other family uses of the room ; a faint flavour of wet gingham floated in from the umbrelhvstand hi the entry to mingle with Ihe scent of the lamps ; and when to these were added the burdened exhalations of some i dasen of peraous already assembledfortheexhibi l doD, it did not seem altogether incredible that power couldeasuygaAarthemesnsofmateriauu jtioo. I ' Bufy rente admission, if yon please,' said a i large and not imkindly-iookine woman as we [ passed into this home of mysteries, advancing keeping with the nature of her demand. 'Ah! Mr. Bolter; I am glad to see you. We had a beantiful aee-anee last evening. They were ' all so harmonious. We don't often get the condmioiiB so perfect ; harmony is so essential. There was a lady here wboreeared a wonderful test. It was her brother, killed two years ago by the Indiana in *?£»»—? I was under the control of Big Mountain, and he described it exactly. He cave the initials of the name— J. V. R. — which are very uncommon ;«;ri«l« Lilian didn't seem in good spiriffl last night and couldn't niatensEce. only her hands. It was agreat disappointment. Do you know, she teua me she is never so strong as when you are in the room. She draws a great deal ton yon, and that is a relief to me; it is ao ***'''' ''^ to my mBgnetami to seep tmlhs) ' supply of her laiireuls when she materialii«r.' ; . I 'u ing the progress of this professional ! monologue, I had opportunity to reeard the I person who had such fanDiar reklisoa arith the f m-ren. She was » tall woman, with a frame 'implying co«sid-raMe physical power, 'dressed I plainly in bliek that showed aims of wear and 1 of careful praaei *ation;hcrhalr, whichgaveintimi I tions of grar, arranged dose to her head, and , her fire, while not yet what mielrt be cdled j «-'d,ahowinf: the hardness which generally pre 1 cfrfet&te; wrinkling of tuesbtn. Tier Ggure was ' l.ill. and her teeth, when die smiled -n welcome . of Tom, appeared preternaturaUy regular. j ** Ttiis is my friend &Ir.; Atkinson,' eaid Tom, introduehijr me; ** I hope Lilian wni appear ] to- ntzlit ; for I wish him to see her v£ry much.' ' I hare m doubt she will,** said the seeress, 1 addressing me, ' She told me she would come | and I rinc your flowers. Sir. Boater ; although : tiie wcailier is eo bad that the conditions are ; not vitt favourable. I don't know as we should ? get ti«» flowers.' I I mentioned mv Beatification, and referred to I the interest which her name had awakened in I 'That is my spirit name,' waa her rfoly. ?Tti-T gave it to me. Estelu L* Astra — it is Alwjto bnnjuage, and means the Starry One. Th*v say t have great inuuenre among them.' Tiiere hid been seven! fresli ft-rivats duri-^p; our onwaation, and after collecting fifty cents from each, Madame Tj'Aatra, whose name. «i interpreted, seemed suuiciently inappropriate, aunwinced that «he Celt the mflueace coming on. sod that harm'my would be gained if some one would sing. Song was quaveringly furnished by two ladies of elderly habit, in whom I thought I saw habitues of the entertainment. Kor was harmony disturbed when, on the enbance of a tarar disciple, the medium. arou«ed from the magnetic aleep that was rabidly possessing her throngh sighs and gaspines and contortions, calmly made change for fitty cents, and was speedily under*1 control' again. Soon the spirit spoke. It was an Indian ' warrior who elaimixt possesuioo of the Starry One. He announced bis presence by a whoop, and be chuckled and grunted as he pictured tbesnirit forms which be saw standing in that dose and afaafly chamber, sow over Ihe shoulder of this, and again bp she side of another. One be snramoned to e'-asp the hand of the medium and listen to a revelation from a guardian angel giving bis name as John, to tlte efleet that perse verance in the right will bring happiness, end that the future has chanees of hnporrauee in store. A woman, in whose dress there is a conspicnons absence of bright colour, is eouv peQed ts ply her handkerchief freely as she hears what to her is the lisping voice of her ehud, assuring her that heaven is much nicer than she expected, and that dear papa is there by her side, anxious to speak with dear wft»™wi« at the private sitting with this excellent medium, price two dollars. A snbstantial business man bears, with staring eyes, the assertion of a spirits ghring his name as William, to the enact thstdieentsrpriseinwhichheis now engaged is in danger of Cauure throngh die treachery of a man with dark hair; and bis alarm is only partially quelled when the spirit promises to influence him toward lbs right coarse, especially if he wffl inquire again throrich the medium. A young man, with resplendent scarf ning and hnjEB danriuig locket, is inclined to scepticism and prone to indulge in scoffing and gentle raillery, until startled into wondering faith by Ihe spirits revelation of the tact, known only to the young man htmaeU, that his appetite is not good in tile early morning, and that be frequently feds it seeesury to take bittem. When the T— a^-- warrior adds «*??* ehamomue flowers are not as beneficial aa thorowort, the youth gisesscorniekliis start thrusts something into his cheek with hk tongue, and slides away to hi seat astonished. During all this and much more, I was occupied in watcbmt- Tom's Mlfmauu. Tt was that of one bored, Ijalf- aoirtsmpttmos, and on the verge ofdiavnst. Hetther did be display evidence of a truly harmonious »piritual 4rame of mind when Ifansmr L'A£tra,ahakfngon'herpossession, stood with one knee under &b; piano and emn mooed by her word stoat spirits who lifted end bumped the heavy instrument in time to music. It was only when ehe stretched two heavy abawis scrota one end of the room that a spars of interest seemed to flash in his Csce. 'Kow, Boder,' eaid be, 'yon may think what you like about the Indian and the piano. I know yon could do sa well as that yourself. But you must believe this.' 'sly friends,' spoke Madame D'Astra.'-the spirits that have been with us this evening have nstafi. acquired the high devdopement necessary to enable them to become visible to earthly eyes ; but I have the promise of Lilian, one srho has reached a higher plane, that she will materialize so far as the conditions permit' There was a brief silence, during which there was evidently much magnetism prorrnnmg from the medinm, whose spasmodic nritcainrs and flutterings were even painful. *? I am not sure that Iilian wQl be able — ' Here her speech was cot short by a white band that protruded from between the'shawls, and laid itseV gently across her lips. Something ?jittered on the round arm. A sigh went up from the entire company. ' My bracelet!'* murmured Tom. I looked at my friend in indignant wonder. ' Have you been wasting vour substance on a shadow in that way ?' But he was ginnr, m a aartaf eestasy attbe swaying shawls. Two hands, shapely, and atlarhnrl to arms whose symmetry was tm qnwsHfinrf.uowanpea'ed.flickered.snd vanished. The dim light— for the lamps had been turned down and smeHed vilely— permitted only shapes to be Been ; when suddenly, seming to glow as if by the light of ha own beauty, there sprang eat. framed between those mnsty shawls, a lace whose bright joyous loveliness was batter worthy of the spirit land than of duD earth. The folds of the drapery where gathered dote beneath the chin. Slowly they parted downward tor the space of two or three band Imsallhs. gsinga a^naxeofalhroataswmteaodaeisamdaswas I fitting for such a Caee. Inherfaairwereflowera, andasoray hung down Uwatd her bosom. The visi™ seemed to meet rather than to draw bank within the curtains ; and now, for the first time, I noticed tiut its eyes haa never been cUvetxesT &om; mr faxcinabsd companion. They weresbtl upon Urn -» the shawls seemed about to eanse i ii lln fiii fin.' aluli. Ij II eiliillllll awl II ? ll. j tin. lull bead and bast eanu quictlyinbl view c a hind carried what seemed to be a smsU krnoh of flwrers to the fins, and with a mufemeat haa J l wafting a kiss tu Tom's direction, the whole fB vanished. ^ He -as on bis feet in an instant, dragging saa aftorhim. | 'ThatisalL Come! come!' And heponai -m^ out of the now stifling den, dawn the stain, past tbe intelligence office, the patent agency and the dentist's loom, dark and dismal enough far thr haunts of rentable ghosts, into the street. 'I can't stay and hear their doubts ami redicule, or their twaddling belief enter, after I that,' h- at 'a«t spoke, as we buttoned up our ' coats and turned down the atnel toward mr oflice. ' Now. what do yon ssy.Beger' ' I should like to see tbe young lady in a less dramatic situation — without so much of stage effect, if I may say so— for it is rather distracting to sober judgement upon her.' ' But yon understand me. I mean, what Bo yon&ayabout; me? Am Inndrraniiauoata ; tion. or is that the loveliest creature in the world?' Although fully confident that the apparition of tbe fair yonne; girl with which the esJuninon closed was rf the same fictitious character as the spirit revelations and Ihe tappings that bad giw ceeded, it was impossible tor me to dislodge from Tom'emind the ridiculous notion that tnepantw and beauty of the face guaranteed its iiacaiial origin, and that, where all ahe nrigfat n decep tion, lilian was a truth. Hetritaltoexplainto me the difference in tbe feeling which fas ei4ieiienced toward this inaccessible spirnvlove as compared with that which be must xeel toward one of less evanescent flesh and blood. The hopeless ness of all thought ^possession, the inungibuity of tbe object of his afiectian excaptfbr a few momenta at a time, tbe brief interviews tMimilted. all tended to give an etevabon to lus passion snsh as no cjarthiy conditioni could prodaee. I began to fear that my friend was indeed touched with a mania on this subject ; and aa ' the weeks wore on, this ann^iessurowasoonfirmed, ' smd gave me exceeding pain. For Tom neglected hialaw reading, neglected me, nsrfreted every. thing, apparently, except the ghostly Uian. He was a constant visitor at Madame L' Astra's ; and twies. as I passed ahe dosr-way^ did 1 en counter him coming out with a countenance «- preserve of such sanitation oftoul that tasmmxra to tseogruse me, Ins old friend, was no surprise. HyaavJetjrwasatiB height, when one after noon there came a hasty ring at my oSce hdL It was not office hours, to be sure, but at that time those distinctions had little meaning in any practice. I was wanted by Mrs. Lunt. No other doctor on the street was to be found, ami I must come at once. Thecjrl wto brought tbs message wore a water-proof cloak— for it was raining— with the hood put over her head. She waited in the passage while I hastily armed myself with rubbers and umbrella, and then hurried me along. She led me through a passage, up a .staircase, then turning and np again, until she placed her hand on the rattling knob of a floor, on which were the words: 'Madame L'Astrs, Business and HeaUng Medium.' x » Isn't there some mutate here P' I asked; for Iwsayoangulhe{jrofeanon,andmonaeiisitive to poaiitne aaaociatian with ausekery. and other violations of the code of ethics, than I am now. ' No, sir,' answered the girl, in a voice of rather coarse and metallic quality. 'This is where Mrs-. Xamt imm. Her oroer name is Madame I/Astra. Come right in.' It was the same mom, with but a alight change in eppestance, while tbe odour of a stew of some mMiin.-l berhs wss added to the compound scent which I bad analyzed on my former visit The sots-bed was in its bed form, and on it by Madame I/Astra, evidently mush nearer tbe spirit world than she ever before sus pected herself of being. Aa I raised my head from a brief exaanaetkm of the sick woman to tak a question of theciri, who had liiruwn off her cloak and was staudmg at the side of die conch) t was conations of a pooling reminiscence. The face I had certainly seen before, yet I utterly tailed to recall the circumstances. It was youthful and fash; rather too trash and obtrasivelv rosy for vefiae meat, in fact ; the texture of tbe skin ? .1 healthy, but coarse; the expression was tint of aelf-consaonanesi with a tinge of boldness; an! in the manner of dressmf the hah- there was a somewhat unpleasant engpwtion of frowsy tax play. The feature, were in their abase not without beauty of a rather striking character and this was what agitated my memory. As I looked I became conscious that the feeble eyes of the secreas were upon me, evidently with recognition in their ajsze. I beat my bead to hear what she was etnugbnr. to nth*. 'Do— yon— know— her F'' roUing her eyes in the direction of the girt. At ones it flashed through my rmnd. Here was the original of the spirit Isnan. in her per manently niaterauzed form, as seen without the aeeessorios of shadows and flowers, and probably pearl powder and chalk, , 'Don't— expose— her. I— did it all— for her. She— will not alanu when I'm fpws^asspai outtheoU woman. -Ijncyr '^ 'WeD. mother?' But whatever the poor woman badtoaayto her daugUer was left unsaid. Her etnogtfa Watt CaUtaUntBtl tty tfasB IwlllMl MDHst tO Asaaawte taaV sympsUry for her helplessness. ' inaliiijiri Urn instinct was strong even to tbe vera»rfdsatb. 3$& and would lisreeniployed the list braathmJ*. asmssof the chnVL When I returned to my «flas tuare was Ton. Had he at dns^time |-rt to aw tbaDaastaoB baen leas cocfirleat than st^InTsen a atoach befcre. Hi. dohsaoa kad spaan vaaes. B. tnd badge! in «u»e» that otek actually wild attmiea. 0n»rftue»w.,,tl»l«ioOBhtarald never posasai Ulunin tbia world, he mold aerrekuowiiiiapphjeai by gtttioctrimsdf into Che spirit world « quick); as paeriUe. tie wonM dccou move under oppoutiim ; and , ?ben, at I met hi* now, he. advanced with the Hatewmttbit he bad come to s»y g»od-i-ye. wished cue to talte'che k-y of hk nw and deliver in the monring ? package I would find on (he table, as Im was to take I be night train and wouldn't be bad for mu d.v., I (bought thecri'bbadeome. It required a sharp awaken in&orhUinanul; might indeed piuh him an to ' Hen yon base gnod.bve to Uian and Die Madame?' 'lasted, with .« do*eao isoiu tom of pleasantry as I could aonmon op. 'fjusa, UUsd r etid Tom. with (be ctruat yeaniogtahiaToiee and eves. 'NojoUdwne ho been too sick to gin saliiigi for (fortnight past BotX hope io see £if7ua before Zivtora.' V When dan yoar train irane?' '(Hi. to makes no difference — I mean, abont u» o'clock, I believe.' ' mien you will bate time to walk a littie way «itii me. I have a patient to arhotn I mnst ntarn at onre.** 'Oh, yw,' mid Tom, warily; TQ walk alone with in.* Vow, Itsooebtto tnradf, for an experiment that will ejfl-er kill or enre. II Tom would not yield bennorbidtincy to reason, he mart to atartUngteet. 'Here? Tou're enreir not going op here ?' and be, ai I tuned into the doom; of the paaaage leading te atadane L'AstraV apart ' fea.I replied. 'Tie Madame u my patient Gome np mth me. It as carious cage-, and I know she enn't object to my bringing you in fbraminnte.' 'It fwlwt no atfterenee! Xt tn^m- no difference xmV I beard Tom matter; aa he iaOomd ntdonjr die din pMuees. I gnwi?aU upon my ptofwiiMi - i pfYile*£ for a panxws of my own, and catered without Imodiiig. Ukdasne lay n before, and the fifiil Imcy mi engaged in caunatertog. with CMttpbtrMJ writer M^oonwniw medicaments, tottom* WDmuftfencsed comfort She was loader eooiigb in her are, bat urtnrdly *be ?unto faf atminiiiiwi tbui von X dm aaen berafearimni bebre. She had changed her gown for one ofedioo. winch, without being abaolutelj slatternly, had a tearing in that dinctioo. Her njr! ?utcii utbe u*td ran loo*e, had become tangled and was askew m her forehead. Her face looked redder and earner than ew 5 and. bot for those large and brilliant eye*, I doubt if Tom would hare taeagnUcd the Misnofhiafencv. sfcrbane liM ejes tfceraaebes mril ban been imaSciari, had act * startled look come into them satbeirgWe fell noon Xo-n; bat (hat heeavit all, and took it all in at ooee.twaa It Wi*s in bit opinion* an cvsntsLwoCBMiiriaiatr bis mania would bant oat into orideotin— nitT an the epot, or whether bis physical aUmgDi maU eoUapfe, and tben probably a ram of fever to work tjffhb trouble. But Tom matter yclkd nor tutted. All the man in him rose np atoneeand aared'Mm. hall crazed thangh he had been. Win what be said, epeaking lo- in mr ear: ' Don* horrr jotnti; Sugar j but when jot *ot through win jour patient too needn't wait , lor meVjC want to qpakwBh that yoone. What ma apoken at that interview Tom never loU me exactly, ft was enough to know, fan the manner in whieh Hadame aonnoed tnapeauaat toy esbaequent tsbs, that be bad faenared berth liiiaisoinlr 'and muotttor $ andt Item H-tt hhnatti; that ma ddoaian amsonr. Hadame t?Ua, paAapi I oofit to fay tmurbmate!;, said tnbute to Xaujfa nnnisg andmj madiaa efaU br recorermg; and if the apirita that hare gone before tons lost bj-tbe peatnonement of what would donMleai hate ban m diBJoguanrf arrnai, tfae msteri.(ia4 ghosts viaeting thai sphere endured perhaps greater beiiea- Einent,ibrIJiluuiiie-er reappeared. Itibink thb most ban been one of the eoo tfliom imposed fey Tom (or his sflence on tbe sjobieet ; and whateter may have been Hadame aZaaba'e ambition for her isry anbatantial fjmiliar spirit, it coold hardly ban been that of which Tom sbortfy brought om «swa,mtl» anoooinnoentAf tfae marriage of Luey Imot to the keeper of a *msU mataorant around the mtner.-*W«»er-J&ai;%. 