A Might with the 'Spirits' Sfibituaush, us Tbdihb add its Delusions; a Lecture Dbuvebed at Woodlahea by Mb. ' Jambs Powell [The following outline of Mr. Powell's lecture is printed by leques. of several opponents, and ad herents ?! Spiritualism.— £n] I am here this erenine to my a few words about Spiritualism. I do not pretend to leotnre in the sense of obaUenging criticism. 1 00 net pretend that this ball be an argumentative discourse on the subject.. I believe that argument is lost upou it. I do not intend to weary you with a long di sertation on the proofs of BpiritvisitatioBStothia earth in past times, nor do I pro pose todeal with the evidunces afforded by. the sacred books, My desire is to endeavour in a pleasant and gossipping fashion to say something about this new said rather pretentious nndidate for nineteenth can tury speculation ; to test it i.y ounmon sense ; to subject its own statements to your judgment, and to anire, roughly at a verdict without any attempt at tall talk, and tbe mis-use of half -instructed scientific technical terms. In the course of the remarks I am about to make, I hope to provoke your risible powers. Well, if we bave to ltugh, as 1 hope we msy— and as I «ee that several of my Spiritualist friends are present— let it be understood that it is all in good nature. 'VTe are not here lor dUouBsion ; in good time my. utterances will be BUbjeoied to close criticism ; and I have no doubt that my friends of the other aide will laugh at me as freely as I have often laughed at them. It is claimed for Spiritualism by WUliaia Howitt —a good steady matter of fact Quaker and a hater of priests and prieatonift— ih-t its adherents Dumber twenty .millions of perse us pa the world. A creed or belief, numbering twtn y millions of adherents, more or less, have at least an aid of numerieal respectability . On the authority of the Statesman's Tear Book— the eldest religion of the world, that of the Hebrews numbers only five millions; and here we have the Uteat, with twenty millions erf converts. I any that such an assertion is sumoleat to justify us in examining this new and startling 'Isia.' I pledee.myself to^ou tba* I «ra-ampported in »U 1 may aayliere to-night by way of illustration, by the authorised writings of Sp iittuaUsta, I mean that the authorities are recognised by Spiritualists throughout tbe world. ??- V r ' WeU, then, to begin. It is claimed that tbe fchskert were irpiiitualists seventy years ago. It is seriously said that the .shakers were the '* John the Baptists' of tne thing called .-piritunlism. A comparison isjgrayely attempted to be instituted between the followers of .Ann Lee the daughter of tbe ulaoksmWb of Toad Ii-ne, _Ianohester,jand ' the man sent from Ood whose name was 'John,' who said, 'I am the voio« of one crying in the wilderness— make straight tbe . way of the liora.' What may we expect from a system boasting such a foundation ? Is there any comparison to be instituted between tne out-come of a community founded by an ignorant fanatioal woman — the business of whose life was to establish an association to set aside asaurful in the sight of Alftiighcj God, the noblest, the most beau tiful, and ike most tender of all the instincts t-f «ur -atuxe ! Are the hypothetical twenty millions of Ann Lee's origin to be set against the nearly 400 millions of men and women who claim t.-- live and trust to die in a faith, fouuded on the broadest and highest prin ciple our common humaijty is based upon ? Ann Lee and the Slia-en were the forerunners of SpiritualUm, Let it bt so 1 bu , let us have no suoh comparisons as those Emma Hardinge, the so-called inspirational medium, olaims for her £ri«od«. Jesus of Kaiaretb foliosred John die Baptist, and after 1800 yearB of world experience we prefer the teaching from the Mount to the trauce nonsence, and inspira tional ' olap trap, to «hioh we may presently refer. We will now leave our Shaker friends in the hope that they mty speedily BUccumn to the advancing in telligence of the age, and leave off their feeble attempts to ' set aside the universal order of things as established by the great Father of all the human raoet— fihaktrs included This new revelation, so worthily introduced, was followed by the Boehester rapping*. Two great cVthts occurred aboat thiB time— one was the ' rappings/'&nd; the other was the discovery of gold in California. The latter proved true metal; about the former, let us reserve our opinions. Then rapping* at- Rochester were the work of th» Fox family— funny association of the fitness of things, when we reflect upon the foi family generally, and the credit for cuiming attaching to the animal. The bouse at Boehester in whioa the Foxm resided had the reputation of being haunted previous to their tenancy. In the course of time, as the house increased its evil reputation, the chairs and tables took to travelling; and at night knocks oune. to the doors, and old fox opened to unseen vigitors. Why spirits knocked atthe doors, when -hey could gain entrance withont giving trouble, it is hard 10 say . - / ' ' ' une nignt tne family were again annoyed by noises, Old Fox thought it might be the wind blowing the sashes about, but K&te; the youngest girl happened to remark that as often as her father shook a window sash the noises seemed to reply. -Now -'Kate ' says the uarrative 'was a lively child.' Oh Kate of- Kochester 1 Oh Eve of Old Paradise ! Oa— Pandora with thy fatal box of gifts ! Oh lively young girls generally ! Why is it that 'we fiad ypn-lsrays implicated in these lively mania to afflict Mak kind! I ask you to remember threuffhout this dboourse how much theyoanp girls have to do with all these Tappings and Bcratobings. -I offer my best apologie* to the ladies present for my want of gallantry, hut the troth must be told, and the tru his that at the ' bottom of most of these stories we find these lively yonnggtsja, , ? ' ?' ' These noises st Eofthesor went on, and were for a time attributed 'to a neighbouring ihoe maker, who was busiy engaged iunmering soles thinking nothing of spirit*, until one night that very lively youpff 'Kate1 kaanugth. noises, cried out in fmn, aad napping her fingers,- ''Here eld Splitfoot do as I do,*' and old jjplitioot anawered azac-tr 'rap for rap.' ? .. ? :- ? - . . Here then we start on-olid ground with the Ephit 1— lists . ' That,' says Mr. Owen, ' was tbe very com mencement ;' and h» oontiuue. ?racularly, 'who ?a- tell where the end will be!' One of the great boasti of Spirituslism is that it has converted numberless Atheists aud Materialists, and has led them to the admiwion of a 'God ' and a f utur. life. It may be bo, but I am surprised that any person possessing an intellect of sraoh prodigious power that it can ignore tht existence of a Ood, with smell traasMndent feme that it caa, staangU Hope and deny a future life.; that it oau to far rily upon itself to its owa injury, and ?uddenly throw the whole weight of e6nversi«n oa auon an oracle as ol- Splitfoot.' (The leoturer re ferred at letg^U to the family ghost of the Wesleys at Xpworth, in liinoolnshire, to the atory of the drummer of Tedwonb, to the Oouk-lane ehost of Dr. Johnflos't time, and several other inetabces, to prove -hat the Boehester tappings were by no means new, and did not deserve the character for originality claim*, lor thembySpirihudiitB.) d One' of *he P^t' * ^^ ** '''i*' 'P0**0 ?'i#* «riritheSnB. 'Wi-visits, spirit-drawings. ]»?*.» SS doSow They seemed perfectly *»»'*?* ^ twelves iustastheydonow; and they pitied the {gno^ce of^hosewbi differed from them, just as ^?if a^eurious tat, and Why of notice, that Jthoueh Spiritualism over- ran America, it was but m«eXo« io England cntil some year, later, and not Wmmently until Mr. Home visited London. It is 'SWecurions fact that Spiritualism was almost unknown in Australia until within the past few year;, fc^dneywe knew but little about Spiritualism until Mr. Tjerman visited our o.ty. tiow it is to me strange in the extreme, when I calmly review the introduction of Spiritualism into Sydney, to reflect upon the peculiar association of per »ns meeting together to investigate its . pretensions, ftfatak I anfsafe in saying that the majority of uscon ?isted of persons generally classed as ultra-liberal Sere. I have token part in many Spirit orates, »nd up to a point, enjoyed the rather dangerous repu'a tion of being a medinm- dangerous because it offers a vast temptat on to euBtain the oharaoter. ? That tables may be made to turn, and to pl«y fan tastic tricks, I have no doubt whatever. The many tests I have sought to establish have satisfied me beyond doubt that table tipping U\ simply a feature of animal magnetism, or at most a condition capable of rational explanation on the principle of natural laws. Hv meaning is better conveyed in the words of the I*te Professor Baden-Powell in his essay on the ' Spirit of thejlnductive Philosophy.' ' In the present statejof science' he remarks, ' of all subjeots that on which we know least is perhaps the connection of our bodily and mental nature, the action of the oao on the other, and all the vast range of sensations, sympathies, and influences in which those affeotionB are displayed. ' Table tilting is regarded by Spiritualists as the lowest form of manifestation ; but as we, in Sydney, ; have not yet got, aaythiug of a satisfactory character j even out ofthatlowerform.wecanonlj inks the higher ; manifestations at second-hand, and what those mani festations are we may presently see. One of the first .conditions of a Spirit oirole is patience, the second is that the mind must be divested 1 was one of a. Spirit-oirole formed in Sydney with a determination to probe the thing to the core, to examine the claims of Spiritualism from the r-ot up ward. In that circle we were assisted by gentlemen of the leral and medical professions. EducaUonal, . mercantile, and scientific men were duly represented, and even the Legislature was not passed over. We had for our experiments an undeniably sub stantial deal table, an article of kitchen furniture any KKXlhouse^wife mightenvy. When I first beheld that table I - thonght it hard on the Spines to expect them to lift it, but we were .assured that wfeight went for nothing, end that far larger tables had danced more upon four legs than w» could, hope to do upon ourown. Our sittings ware commenced by an invooatioD and i the harmony held to.be essential was promoted by a ? discussion a* *» the propriety of turnine down the : light, and that TightTwinf a kerosene lamp, what- ! ev-jt we might.haTe gained ia Smjnt manilestatton was unpleasantly compensated by the odour promoted. I admit Ana* I saoriliced two valuable hoars per week, for many weeks, in the came of Truth, and tbe only manifestation we obtained was one most decided and violent kick-up on the part of our deal table ; this was followed bvone or two iaint «pasms, but no coax isf or wfeesuUnc could persuad* that table to move amin. If any Spirit .influence remains undeveloped in that table, Jjwffl«r pity the purchaser thereof. Ib order to *e- .ourselves into the proper frame of mind, wo used tojring most .melancholy strains, par ticularly. I remember, that Bolemn dirge known as 'Home, sweet Home.' I oonfessthat I retired from those meetings with a sense of most intense depression. Picture to yourselves twelve or fourteen persons sitting together in a semi-darkened room with their twesty sieht hands placed {?* if for inspection) upon an abominable kitchen We, singing 'Home, eweet Home.' I «n afr.idl wished unpleasant things for that ' Exile from home,' and I would prefer to wander among ' pleasures and palaces' for the term of my life rather than again hear ' Home, sweet Home/* at a Spirit circle. Althoagh we«at patiently for many weeks, we cer tainly developed .nothing but a falling off in our numbers, and we had many oomioal scenes I m»y not refer to now. One of our nnnlber cave fair premise ?f beooming a writing medium, sand passed through a varietv of extraordinary contortions, painful lo wit ness. At length he seized * pencil; there was a decided rush to supply, sheets of paper. We were on . the tim-toe of expectation ! The oracle was at length about to break silence J A name was written on the naner-the name of a once well-known professional singer. He d--sired to give us a message ; what was thYou taoTthat Spiritualists claim for Spirit writing tbewarrantof theScripluree You remember the writing on tblwSl at Behhwar's feast, and the interpretation the- eof by Daniel, who said: ''The God in whose hand is thy breath, and whose are all thy ways, thou hast not glorified.' . .,__ Was our written message, purportuiB to be mednm nrJlnmui anvthinglike that sent to Beishazzar? Wha w^«°fh'inkryouf Why, just this : « Bo» abbt.b *LThisELthe'n is a specimen of tbe new revelation. No more subsWionato churches with taU steeples ; 'omVre contentions for the erection of chapels; no ? more parsons; The new revelation is made up of such stuff as this I have quoted. ShaU we bow to it in revfreWw shall we Regard it as a Superstructure of wUdfoUy ' buUtupon a thin foundation of physical Sd mental pecul&ty.worUiy; of ij™tigauon by the scientist-ut sealed to those whose habits and training unfit them for such abstruse studies. We are told on the authority of veteran Spiritualists that! cUcle may sit frequently, even from twelve to fifteenmraths, without obtaining any of these so-called ?KS^Jtei a* *«»« m°»thB Bin^« vHre' sweet HomVF Contemplate the possibility of sitting every week with the same pen ns for six months, with jou7Sbefore you. in » dark room, with your mmdsVssive and divested of prejudice ! At the end orthsA time one of two things would Wn-you would be prepared to believe any ffiwr or become inmates of a lunatic nsylum. listed upon one occasion in a private circle the usual flUMtion ''Is there] ft spirit present? If so, will it ^Up'on another occasion. I arranged to summon a snint whose earth-name I would write on paper, and '\ Samuel AVelW He said, he was once m the ser rn^days of favour are passed away. I Uww trim Uviog people pretending to be *»* «* *»* dead people pretending to be living. S'''* «»*e messages were of such a charaoter that I sought forex. pknatiWonly to be told thatthere are lying spirits. ?Tad Stable communications muse always be taken tviWrSLfW whole soul recoUs from such a sup JosftioS ! If in that next existence I am to as«o cSte with lying spirits, what shaU it profit me to W this life! Bother give me the futuje ^of my child life, as I learnt from the poem of Mrs. Menums. llJitL«.pesko. toe better tani-Uou calle* Us children m*2!55l ^«»« toatraolant »Bb«-ataU we not mtk ^.^.SSKSV-'-^! - '»»» not. heard iu Spiri?ua«Sn ha7te «to« for us, then an association wi^Uarsandwe read a great deal of nonsense about & too human. I of hombly and reverently that I would prTyfor utter^aihilatiou ; tiiat I would seek to secure complete extermination, rather than roch T^f uturl- a? this Spiritualism impiously inateatL-I ~y. ' impionsly indicates'1- because it trSncTwith one of thViWt aspirations we have, namely the innate craving and desire we have for « faClifT Whenever tife sUv«r cord is loosed let me rcton the word, of the great preacher whe js«a : 'Then shaU the dust return. to the earth, and Hie «pint shall return to G«d who gave it. Lat us pass from the serious for a toe, I scarcely expect that any of you will want to ftVm a circle-if you do, remember Q* adrioe given by » BP11}*'*11^^!; y*tJZ fcnowirfpdyower. He says 'Cane bottomed chsin w those with wooden seats are preferable to staffed chain. Mediums and sensitives should never sit on stoned chairs, cushions, or sofas used by others, a' the influ ence! Bccumnlate in tbe cushions and affect the me diums.' Mow I suppose that some of the cushions in this building are used pretty frequently, and I know that there are some mediums here te-nUht. I hope they are comfortable. I will tell them some stories about mediums presently, and hope they will be still more comfortable. I want to know what is moant by 'ft.medium.' I nave a list taken from ths Tear Book of Spiritualism. The 3Ut comDtises physical, trance, clairvoyant, seeing, and healing, fend a lock of your hair and half a guinea, the latter being of much more importance than the former, and you wiU be at once relieved — of your money. Then we have business media, singing, improvisa tionai, medical, writing, musical, inspirational, psycho logioal, and magical. Then we have Spirtualists, six in the Unite* States, six in England — and there is this foot note applicable, I presume, to the whole. ' Paints in oil, in trance, eyessbnt and bandaged', in full light, or in total dark ness, the presence of believer er soeptics in no wise effects these remarkable pictures.' I should think not. Ho doubt these good folks can paint equally well in the dark or the flight, but I do not remember any of their names as exhibitors at the Eojal Academy in the year 1873. These mediums are parasites, induced by the un healthy thing called Spiritualism ; they are the hangers on|upon credulity. Wherever gross superstition is there will be found under some name, people of the medium class, ready to provide whatever may be de manded, oven to the extent of pretending to paint pictures in the dark. I am glad to say from personal experience that Spiritualism is not spreading in England. I deny that that it ha* takeu root there. Spiritualists deplore the fact that onr unenlightened friends in the Old country are not influenced by the magnesium light of the new revelation. I had an opportunity during a recent visit toKneland (extending over three years) to make my self tolerably well informed upon all the topics of the day, and I am able to say that Spiritualism ii but little knonn out of London, and that ia London its feeble flicker is seen only by those who search for it, by the aid of Spiritualist periodicals. Before passing to the concluding portion ef my remarks I feel that X must say something about Profeasor Orookes, F.B S. Professor Crookes is quoted hyal Spiritualists as a great authority. In the journals devoted to Spiritna ism, both in Englandiand the United States, reference s again and again made to Professor Orookes. . The Professor tells us that he has seen heavy bodies moved with contaot, but without meohaaioal pressure or exertion. He his heard r-ps ef all kinds, frem the delicate tick to the loud thud. He has heard ! 1 raps on a sheet of glass, on wire, on a tambourine, i and on Ihe floor of a theatre. He has heard such ' sounds when the medium's hands have been tied, and ' his or her feet held — when ehe was stindng on a I chair, when she was suspended is a evringfrom a. ceil 1 ing, when she was enclosed in a cage, and when she has ' fa&en; fainting from a sofa. ' How horribly suspicious 'hey seem of these medUms ! Fancy a medium in a swing, or enclosed * in a cage like a naughty dicky bird ! ' He (the Profossor) had seen a heavy dining-table - eighteen inches from the floor on five different oo^a- ' sions. Be has seen several persons levitated in a re- ? - markable manner. A chair with a lady rose | E several inches from the ground. Two ohildren rose ' from the floor with their chairs, in full daylight, 1 and Mr. Home floated about in great force to the sur- - prise of all beholders, including a live Karl, a living ' Lord, and a genuine .Captain. H» has seen a medium ? make an accordeon float about a rnom playing all the - time, waving window curtains, pulling up blinds eight ? feet off, sounding: notes on a distent piano, causiogA ' card plate to float about a room , raising a water bottle and a tumbler from a table, making a ooral necslace t stand on end,, and causiDg a fan to move about and ' fan the company. He has seen luminous spots float e abont a room (bilious bo doubt), he has seen the spots t descend and strike the table three times (favourite i idea that three times !) with a sound like a hard body, i Be has seen a luminous spot hover over a heliotrope ' on a side table, break off a sprig and present it to a t lady. What a polite spot I He has seen hands of all r sizes and shapes. He has s*en Spirits writing at a c dark seance, a luminous hand come down, take a £ pencil from the professor's band, write on a sheet of paper, throw ihe pencil dow» a- d fade away. (Kot I a word about that menage. ) » The Professor tried th« samt experiment in the light J and it failed. (They generally do.) A pencil and some paper were on the table. The pencil rose up on « its point and jerked its way to the paper— then fell i down— (no doubt overpowered hy the light).. After s three unsuccessful atttempts — (three again) - a small c but friendljndisposed wooden lith rose a few iuchei a from the table to assist the penoil— the one propped ' the other up — bat it wouldn't work-^-so after three t trials (three) the lath gave it up in disgust, and ' moved back to its place, and the pencil fell exhausted, n An alphabetic message said — ' We have tried to d j it, I but our pswer is exhausted. . 1 I have paid more attention to Professor Oreokes ' than to any other writer on the subject, because it is G boasted that he has examined by ths light of science . the whole of the alleged phenomena of Spiritualism ; c buT I fail to see what he -proves. Even granting all this 1 levitating-, furniture jtimpings, lath and pencil fixing, I and such like, what association is there between these i tricks and that grand prospect opened to our imagiua- t tion of an insight into the future so mercifully hidden e from our view, and only partially revealed to the eye t of Faith. * But as I said before, the Spiritualist thinks lit Ie of s these phenomena ; they are but to many phases of the novioiato, they are but stepping stones to the higher I mysteries. Professor Crookes has penetrated the t highest mysteries, he has seen S matoriulised Spirits. If a Spirit be immaterial, how can it be materialised. 1 If tbe constituent particle of ihe body be dissolved, ?« how are they re-materUlUed. Perhaps it is quite im- ' I material to trouble about the matter, and take it for granted that the Professor has seen materialised Now, remember please, that one of the essential conditions of the materialisation is a medium. You see the Professor surrenders all his science to a medium ; the second essential condition is a cabinet. Let us grant the necessity for the medium ; but why the cabinet This looks like a bit«f conjuring up holstery suggesting a necessity for other media posBibly unseen. 'After a little time,' cays the Frofe-sor describing a seance. 'Miss Cook being the medium fand a lively young lady no doubt) a spirit Katie appeared at THB bidb of the curtain, but Boon retreated, saying the medium was not well, and could not be put into a euffioiently deep deep to make it safe for her to be left' Let ub look at this : Miss Cook is the medium, and through her mediumship the Spirits are suprosed to appear. Hiss Cook dees not apologise for her own inability to produoea Spirit, but a Spirit makes excuses for the medium. At length Katie appears, and Hiss Cook is beard sobbing (why-^-does not appear). The Professor admits that tbe features of Katie very much resemble those of Miss Oook, but he is BatisGed because he heard the moans from the cabinet At another seance we have the Professor invesbga tiug again ; and Katie, the Spirit, walking about and talking. All at jnce the materilised Spirit Katie, clothed in white robes and turban head- dress, calls to the Professor and delivers a Message Rwnember, this purports to be amessage from Spirit land, delivered by a Spirit. Blihu, in old time, speak ing to Job, ssid ; 'Ged speaketh once, yea twice ; yet man perceiveth it not. In a dream, in a vision of the night, when deep sleep falleth upon men, in slumber ing upon the bed, then Heopeneth the eats of men and sealetk their instruction.' Was Katie's message to Professor CrookeB of such a solemn character ? It was this s ' Come into the room and lift my medium's head up ; she has slipped down. The Professor complied ; Katie stepping aside to make room for him. Fancy a shadow getting out of the way ! Fancy a shadow talking slip-slop! But more than this —Fancy this Spirit borrowing from the learned Professor, who writes F.&.S. after* his name, a phosphorous lamp! She asked him not to look into the cabinet at present, which of course he would not when commanded by a lady Bpirit. In the course of a nhort time she returned the lamp, said she had nsed all the power and would try again somo other time. At another time, ' Katie.' says the professor, 'was in great perfection, and for nearly two hours she walked and talked with those present. She took my arm (he says) and when walking, the impression con veyed to my mind was that a living woman was by my side (where was Mrs. Crookes?). Feeling (he says) that I had, at all events, a lady close .to me, I asked her permission to clasp her in my arms, so as to verify the interesting observations of a recent experimentalist. You see it was all done in the interest of science ; he was there to prove all things, and to hold fast that which was Rood. . Permission was graciously given, and he says, X did -well,' be says, this scientific old chip, ' I did as any gentleman would do under the circumstances.' — he kissed aghoBt. Now, I ask you, what are we to think about all this! 1 have glanced over the experience of the soientiSo Professor who has examined the claims of Spiritualism by the dry light of science— the Professor whose experiences are quoted to every Spiritualist, and raraded in big type in every Spiritualist magazine ?Whatdoeshe prove? He proves that tables turn and tip under certain conditions, and that mental and physical phenomena exi*t, defying at present any; attempt to do more than guess at their oomplex meaning; but he does sot prove that Spiritualism is by his saientific ?id entitled to iwpecfeij cwaideration from as? He ht» talked with, walked with, and kissed a Sptit-or i lively young feriy. I incline to ihe latter theory, sue so ?we will for the present dismiss the Professor. lam compelled tO;pam over much interesting matter, such as mysterious bell-ringings, hfirit-pbotography inspirational discourses, and the like, inthe hope that 1 may have another opportunity to discourse for the benefit of my Spiritualistic f nerds. I will now give you a few illustrations from too lead ing periodicals of Spiritualism. The first I feel quite safe in bringing under your notice, because it has already been quoted before a Sydney audience as an alleged triumph of materialisation. This story is related by Horatio G. Eddy, in a letter to Brother Jones. The transaction took place at Cbittenden, Vermont, in the early part of tbe present year, and is certified to by seventeen persons, includ ing Hiram Sally, Stephen and ilary. Baird, Delia Brown, and Zacariah Yam. Let us go back to Brother Jones. He says : ' I give you particulars of the funeral conducted by a mate rialised Spirit. The deceased passed to Spirit land (they ca'lbirths'arriyal«' and deaths 'departures') on the morning of the ninth. The Key. Mr. Sawyer went to the house and darkened the windows. Presently the Spirit appeared (Sawyer no doubt ex pected the Spirit). This t-pirit appears to have bee a the parent ef the dead man, and in life funnily enough that pirit had beenan undertaker and therefore desired to conduct the funeral of hiB own son. So exact is Brother Eddy, that he furnishes Brother Jones with an outline plan of this solemn farce, and I have an enlarged copy for your inspection. Well, the Spirit of the undertaker appeared, dressed in a black coat, black vest and pants, white cuffs, standin; dicky collar, and a white scarf over his shoulders. It is clear that this Spirit would not favour the notions of oar Sydney Funeral Reform Associa tion. This Spirit preached a sermon from these words : ' It is better u- go to the house of mourning than to the house of feasting, or to the house of prayer, for he is not dead but sleepeth.' That is a very remarkable text, and it reminds me of my old friend Captain Cuttle, with his 'Train up a child m the way he should go, and when he is old he will Sourish under his own fig tree.' Thpre is a simple grandeur in that story about the Woman of Endor. There is poetic beauty in the idea of old Jacob dreaming of angelic visions: seeing faint glimpses of glories the human mind may anticipate bat may not witness. There is sublimity in the rolling away of the stone by angels from the deer of tbe Sepulchre — but a ghost in boots, a ghost in a s1 and-up dicky and black pants, a phest talking ignorant rub bish ! If Spiritualists have nothing better than this to show us, I say away with your mediums, pack up pour tricky cabinets and other feeble shams, delude yourselves as you please, but do not insuli our com mon sense by advertising in the daily papers ' the latest triumphs of materialisation.' Do not let it be lrgcd i bat these are sensational Yankee stories. I will ;iv« you seme English stories, taken carelessly from hundreds of the kind. Here is a materiali.'atioa seance viihi Messrs. Baatiau and Taylor of Bleomsbuiy Square, London. Air. Bastian is attend&l; by a Spirit sailed George, and to make everything dear, and to prove that there is no ieception (like the veriest thimble rigger they are so unions to prove that thoreis no deception), Mr. Bastion (he medium, is generally put into a black bag, waled and delivered to the -pirns. On this occasion lays my narrative, the Spirits thonght of a new dodge —(how very appropriate that, not elegant, but ex jressire, as disclosing the vulgar surroundings of tbiB :o ly). Well, George the spirit desired that the nedium Bhould enter the next room unboundFto be jound by the Spirit. After a time, George invited us nto tbe next room, and there we found his medium ikilf ally bound to the bedpost in such a manner that ie could sot have dene it himself. . , This means In plain Eng'-ish, if it means anything, ;hat a man was bound to a bed-post by a ghost ; 'his ras the new dodpre. I ask your pardon for in'ro laoing euch rubbish to your notice, but remem ler that this Spiritualism claims to give a aore rational and satufaetory theory of the rorld to come, and of the soul's eternal destiny, than my other system supplies. It seeks to sweep away he faith of ages, and asks us to accept dodges, bell ineing, and still greater absurdities— for I have not lisdosed the worst in pity for the feelings of my Spiritualist friends now present. I prefer Mr. Bastian's seances, because they take -l*se in London, and in the presence of tbe best .oknowledged Spiritualist in England. I mean Mr. Tames Burns, of Southampton-Bow, Holbom, At another seance with Brother Bastiac, the first order was to put out the lights (very suspioiouB) and rait for instructions. The controlling Spirit, George, alated the meeting in an audible voice, naming parti ularly Mr. and Mra Bums. Johnny, another Spirit, illudea to the fl wers on the table ; and George said, ' we thank the kind friends who have bestowed these leautiful gifts on our Spiritual altar.' The Spirit ' May ' played the guitar in a pleasing manner, and Dade low curtsies. Then came the Spirit of Thomas lonald. Thomie same out with great freedom, holding lis hand out and coming down upon hU brother's hand nth a loud slap (thty do nothing by halves these IpiritualiBtB). Mr. Bums asked the Spirit to write. He took a hair and Bat down (how very unlike the spirit of Jacob rlarley— you remevber Jacob in the carol of Charles tickets). He took up a pencil and wrote, handing the tote to Mr. Barns, whe says he felt the substantial numb of the Spirit. The letter w*b short and not spe ia'ly interesting, it did not contain any reference to opics likely to interest us in that future Spiritualism tas convinced materialists about. It is written in a haky hand and is as follows :— ' Friend Bores -Bemember me— Toil.' lere then 1b the message from tho Spirit 'Old Tom' — lut I have still greater wonders. The Spirit then took up the scissors and cut from his onft white robe three pieces of cloth (three agaiu), rhich were banded to the sitters. On the remark leing made that no hole were made where the pieoes rere cat out, the Spirit shook his rebo and snowed here were no holes, and that he had the power to re- lonstruct the fabric. This cloth is very fine and softin quality, something re are told between muJl muslin and bishops lawn. I lave a print of the cloth tiken from a photograph, and tis said thai every thread of the Spiritual muslin is endercd apparent. Sometimes the weight of the Spirit fieure is suffi ient to create a peculiar creaking in the floor like that iccasionedbyaheavy foot—so says my authority. I ihinkit v«ry likely, and would like to subject these Spirits toexamination{by a competent detective office-, rith & possible whippingfor both the Spirits and their lupes. Here is an other proof of the truths of Spirit laUstn, tho writer says : I have now to mention a rery remarkable and convincing test which is neither norenor Ubb thw weighing the immortal remnant ef l mortal. A common platform scale had been pro ided, and the voice of the Spirit asked that it be placed n front of the cabinet. The spirit came cut, stepped on 0 the soale, and one of the spectators was requested to weigh her. A gentleman volunteered, and ninety sight pounds showed on tha dial — just seven stone of naterialised Ppirit. The Spirit stopped away from tht icale, but requested to be weighed again, saying as ihe stepped up a second time, ' Now I ant coming lown on it heavy.' The reBult this time was LUlbs, and then no weight. This Spirit was asked 1 question as followa : — 'Are we ( piritualists) to look on while the jrthodox clergy steal our thunder, and obtain credit Tor the liberal and philosophical sentiments taught jrisinally by us r . Answer: 'You are continually improving, and when the world's prejudices are broken down ; you will :o up in the world and they (the orthodox clergy) will make a poor show.' I think these Spii iiualists must be far gone if they ;an gravely stand by such mad folly as that disclosed !-y the extracts I have quoted. I assnre you that they are fairly quoted, and fairly selected From the recognised literature of Spiritualism, and t know that this same literature is read, and I fear believed by some of the extreme Spiritualists of Another instance or two of the gross gullability of Spiritualists, and I wil then leave you to judge bow Far I am justified in Speaking so strongly on the eub |ect. I Bay arose gullibility, because I believe it to be the duty of avery honest man to denounce such impos tures as those I have referred to. ' On the same evening,' saya the writer in the Medium. Thos. Ronald was present, and communi sa ed with tbe circle. A bottle of water and a gUsn stood upon the table to the right A portion of the tratar was poured into the glass. The ' pint took this up, and asked Mr. Leather to place his finger in the glass that he might be sure it contained water. The pint then raised it to his lips and drank the whole of Ihe water, which was heard gurgling down his throat is in the case of ordinary drinking. He then returned the .glass inverted to Mr. Lontbcr and retired.' Surely i very pretty sfory of spirits and water that 1 ? On the 6th of April last, a ^eanoe was held at 'West- moreland Hall, London, the oircle consisting of eleven persons, and was so very harmonious that 'Joey,' the presiding bpirit. intimated that he and his fellow denizens of the other world, had determined to make a more than ordinarily good night oflit. The gas was put down, and the r-pirit 'John King,' came out with his lamp and waved it before the sitters, at the tame time expressing himself highly pleased with the At Mr. Herae's there were six sitters. We had not been seated more than three minutes when Peter manifested himself in hisusual lively manner, full of . activity and witty sayings John King next mani-i fested biaiBelf, and in an extraordinary powerful voice ' inquired if we wanted to ask him any questions. Katie came next (Pittfevor Crookes' Katie this) with her i, usual good wishes. M-. Herne was controlled by 1 Daisy. ' , ; With such a show of Spirits something worthy of the , ; occasion might be expected. This ie what followed ; , -. Peter pulled our noses and bsat'our hi-ads with the [ paper tubes. The Spirits were conversing with ub in 9 the direst voic? and made go great a noise that same person called from the stairs to Peter not to make so \- much noise. Peter (the Spirit) said he must have his ) bit of fan M well as other people, but she need sot i mind him, he wouldn't wake the baby, i At the close of th s contemptible exhibition, Peter, the erory says, bad his joke oat by taking sway the r lucifers, and also took away the key of the door : we ; tried to force the door but could not, when all at once ; it flew open. Thus, then I have lightly skimmed over the surface . of these absurdities. Time has not allowed me to give you examples of trance and inspirational mediumsfaip ! butt assure you that it is sad stuff. As Professor h uxley haa said, supposing the phenomena to be genuine, (it does not interest me. Better to live a crossing sweeper than die, atid be made te talk twaddle through a medium at a guinea a seance. ' Spiritualism (Mr. Tyerman tells us in his book) is scattering the atrocious and degrading views which have so long hung as a dismal and depressing cloud over the world. It is not doing this by appealing to dusty records atd foggy traditions of past ages, but by thousands of living voices which speak to day from tho sunlit chores of that happy land Yes, the bright ira moi talfjare'daily enU&htetiingjinankind; on theiiflestiny after death.' Compare all this promise with the performances I have quoted to-night. Is there anything in those %ld traditions to attrocious fis the stories I have culled from Spiritualist publications, these wild stories claim ing to convince Materialists and Atheists of a future life? Spiritualists offer us a future in associatioB with liars, they hold even that earth diseases and earth ? maladies are carried with as into the next stage of ex- ! istenoe. Is this the bright immortality promised te us by Air. Tyerman ? Is this the grand revela- i tion witheld for so Ion?, and only now granted to us through ths agency of mediums, paid at the rate of five shillings per sitting? Are the only hopes of immortality offered to me suoh as are vouchsafed by miserable tricksters with then wretched delusions, prepared as they are in cabinets and exhibited in darkened rooms by vulgar cheats. Have I no intercourse with the Great Spirit, the Goa and Father of all, except by the aid of mountebanks and stupid seances. Ob, yCB ! I thank Almighty God that there are times when uiy Spirit, is in unison with the true and the beautiful. Under the blue vault of heaven, when tbe great harmonies of nature surround me, and enable me to drink in delight, instruction, nay corafortfrom the beauties of the universe. Tnere as I con template the works.of God, I feel that immertelity is a precious and hoped for boon. To believe this we want no rapping, no table tipping, none of the poor stage surroundings and properties of Spiritualism, tbe saw dust, tie orange-peel, and two-penny rubbish of in spirational mediums, pretending to give as messsges from the seosnd person of the Trinity. Mr. Tyer man says that Spiritualism comes to the rescue of the doctrine of immortality. If the doctiine of imtn r 'ality requires support or verification from Spirit ualism, such an immortality has no charm for me; bat thank God, the desire of immortality is written broad and deep on tho human heart We may not hold the same opinions as to the conditions of that great future, but we regard it as too solemn to be bur lesqued, as it is by Spiritualism. We hold it as a re ligious idea, and we cannot suffer it to be held up to contempt and ridicule by tbe ' Katie*,' the ' Peters,' and ' Joeye' of the Shaker-born monstrosity mis called Spiritualism. ? . 