JCfi^ratur^' pduitu^ fct THE LAW AND THE LADY: OB GCHB SCOTCH VERDICT. By Wilkie Colmns. Published by. special arrangement with the Author.] PART IL— PARADISE REGAINED. Chapter XXXIII. — A Specimen of My \--1- ? ®*m i Four. The incoiripreliensible submission of Scotchmen to the ecclesiastical tyranny of their Established Church has produced— not unnaturally as I think — a very mis taken impression of the national character in the popular mind. Public opinion.looks at the institution of 'The Sabbath' in Scotland; finds it unparalleled in Christendom for its sense less and savage austerity '; sees a nation content to be deprived by its priesthood of every social privilege on one day in every week— forbidden to travel, for bidden to telegraph ; forbidden to eat a hot dinner:; forbidden to read a news paper ; in short, allowed the use of two liberties ^nly, the liberty of exhibiting oneself at the church and the liberty of secluding oneself over the bottle — public opinion sees this and arrives at the un reasonable conclusion that the people who submit to such social laws as these are the moststolidj stern,andjoylesspeopleon the face of the earth. Such are Scotchmen supposed to be, when viewed at a dis tance. But how do Scotchmen appear when they are seen under a closer light, and judged by the test of personal expe rience ? There are no people more cheer ful, more companionable, more hospitable, more liberal in their ideas, to be found on the face of the civilised globe than thfe very people who submit to the Scotch Sunday ! On the six days of the week, there is an atmosphere of quiet humor, a radiation of genial common sense, about Scotchmen in general, which is simply delightful to feel. But on' the seventh day, the same men will hear one of their ministers seriously tell them that he views taking a walk on the Sabbath in the light of an act of profanity, and will be the only people in existence who can let a man talk downright nonsense with out laughing at him. I am not clever enough to be able to account for this anomaly in the national character ; I can only notice it by way of necessary preparation for the appearance in my little narrative of a personage not frequently seen in writing — a cheerful Scotchman. in all other respects I found Mr. Playmore only negatively remarkable! He was neither old nor young, neither handsome nor ugly ; he was personally not in the least like the popular idea of a lawyer ; and he spoke perfectly .good English, touched with only the slightesf possible flavor of a Scotch accent. ' 'I have the honor to be an old friend of Mr. Macallan,' he said, cordially shaking hands with me ; ' and I am honestly happy to become acquainted with Mr. Macallan's wife. Where, .will you sit? Near the light? You- are young enough not to be afraid of the daylight, just yet. Is this your .first visit to Edinburgh ? Pray let me make it as pleasant to you as I can. I shall be delighted to present Mrs. Playmore to you. We are staying in Edinburgh for a little while. The Italian opera is here ; and we have a box for to-night. Will you kindly waive all ceremony, and dine with us and go to the music after wards?' ' You are very kind/' Ianswered. But I have some anxieties just now which will make me a very poor companion for Mrs. Playmore at the opera. My letter to you mentions, I think, that I have to ask your advice on matters which are of very serious importance to me.' ' Does it ?' he rejoined. 'To tell you the truth 1 have not read the letter through. I saw your name in it, and I gathered from your message that you wished to see me here. I sent my note to your hotel — and then went on with something else. Pray pardon. me. Is this a professional consultation 1 For your own Bake, I sincerely hope not.' 'It is hardly a professional consulta tion, Mr. Playmore. I find myself in a very painful position ; and I come to you to advise me under very unusual circum stances. I shall surprise you very much when you hear what I have to say ; and I am afraid I shall occupy more than my fair share of your time.' ' I, and my time, are entirely at your disposal,' he said. ' Tell me what I can do for you — and tell it in your own way.' The kindness of his language was more than matched by the kiudness of his manner. I spoke to him freely and fully — I told him my strange story without the slightest reserve. He showed the varying impressions that I produced on his mind, without the slightest concealment. My separation from Eustace distressed him. My Reso lution to dispute the Scotch verdict, and my unjust suspicions of Mrs. Beauly, first amused, then surprised him. It was not, however, until I had described my . extraordinary interview with Miserrimus Dexter, and my hardly less remarkable conversation with Lady Clarinda, that I produced my greatest effect on the lawyer's mind. I saw him change color for the first time. He started, and mut tered to himself, as if he had completely forgotten me. ' Good God !' I heard him say — ' Can it be possible ? Does the truth lie that way after all ?' I took the liberty of interrupting him. I had no idea of allowing him to keep his thoughts to himself. ' I seem to have surprised you ?' I said. He started at the sound of my voice. ' I beg ten thousand pardons !' he exclaimed. ' You have not only sur prised me — you have opened an entirely new view to my mind. I see a possibility, a really startling possibility,jin connection with the poisoning at Gleninch, which never occurred to me until the present moment. This is a nice state of things,', he added, falling back again into his ordinary humor. 'Here i& the client leading ^he lawyer, My dear Mrs, Eustace, which is it— =do you want my advice ? or do I want yours ?' ' May I hear the new idea ?' I asked. ' Not just yet, if you will excuse me,' he answered. ' Make allowances for my professional caution. I don't want to be professional with you — my great anxiety is to avoid it. But the lawyer gets the better of the man, and refuses to be sup pressed. I really hesitate to realise what is passing in my 'own mind, witout some further inquiry. Do me a great favor. Let us go over a part of the ground again, and let me ask you some questions as we proceed. Do you feel any objection to obliging me in this matter V ' Certainly not, Mr. Playmore. How far .shall we go back ?' ' To your visit to Dexter, with your mother-in-law. When you first askei him if he had any ideas of his own on the subject of Mrs. Eustace Macallan's death, did I understand you to say that he looked at you suspiciously ?' ' Very suspiciously.' ' And his face cleared up again when you told irim that your question was only suggested by what you had read in the report of the trial 1' 'Yes.' He drew a slip of paper out of the drawer in his desk, dipped his pen in the ink, considered a little, and placed a chair for me close at his side. ' The lawyer disappears,' he said^ ' and the man resumes his proper place. There shall be no professional mysteries between you and me. As your husband's old friend, Mrs. Eustace, I feel no com mon interest in you. I see a serious necessity for warning you before it is top late ; and I can only do so to any good purpose by running a risk on which few men in my place would venture. Per sonally and professionally, I am going to trust you — though Tarn a Scotchman and a lawyer. Sit here and look over my shoulder while I make my notes. You will see what is passing in my mind, if you see what I write.' \- 1 sat down by him and looked over his shoulder, without the smallest pretence of hesitation. He began to write as follows : — ' The poisoning at Gleninch. Queries : — In what position .does Miserrimus Dex ter stand towards the poisoning ? And what does he (presumably) know about that matter ? ' He has ideas which are secrets. He suspects that he has betrayed them, or that they have been discovered in some way inconceivable to himself. He is pal pably relieved when he finds that this is not the case.' The pen stopped ; and the questions went on. ' Let us advance to your second visit,' said Mr. Playmore, 'when you saw Dexter alone. Tell me again what he did and how he looked when you informed him that you were not satisfied with the Scotch verdict.' I repeated what I have already written in these pages. The pen went back again to the paper, and added these lines :— '' He hears nothing more remarkable than that a person visiting him, who is interested in the case, refuses to accept the verdict at the Macallan trial as a final verdict, and proposes to reopen the enquiry. What does he do upon that ? 'He exhibits all the symptoms of a panic of terror ; he sees himself in some incomprehensible danger ; he is frantic at one moment, and servile at the next ; he must and will know what this disturbing person really means. And when he is informed on that point, he first turns pale and doubts the evidence of his own senses ; and next, with nothing said to justify it, gratuitously accuses his visitor of suspecting somebody. Query here — When a small sum of money is missing in a household, and the servants in general are called together to be informed of the circumstance, what do we think of the. one servant in particular who speakB first, and who says, 'Do you suspect me?'' He laid down the pen again. ' Is that right V he asked. I began to see the end to which the notes were drifting. Instead of answer ing his question, I entreated him to enter into the explanations that were still wanting to convince my own mind. He held up a warning forefinger, and stopped me. 'Not yet,' he said. 'Once again, am I right — so far V ' Quite right.' ' Very well. Now tell me what hap pened next. Don't mind repeating your self. Give me all the details, one after another, to the end.' I mentioned all the details, exactly as I remembered them. Mr. Playmore re turned to his writing for the third and last time. Thus the notes ended : — ' He is indirectly assured that lie at least is not the person suspected. He sinks back in his chair ; he draws a long breath ; he asks to be left awhile by him self, under the pretence that the subject excites him When the visitor returns, Dexter has been drinking in the interval. The visitor resumes the subject— not Oexter. The visitor is convinced that Mrs. Eustace Macallan died by the hand of a poisoner, and openly says so. Dexter tsinks back in his chair like a man faint ing. What is the horror that has got possession of him ? It is easy to under stand, if we call it guilty horror. It is beyond all understanding if, we call it anything else. And how does it leave him ? He flies from one extreme to another ; he is indescribably de lighted when he discovers that the visitor's suspicions are all fixed on an absent person. And then, and then only, he takes ref age in the declaration that he has been of one mind with his visitor in the matter of suspicion from the first. These are facts. To what plain conclusion do they point ?' He Bhut up his notes, and, steadily watching my face, waited for me to speak first. ' I understand you, Mr. Playmore,' I began impetuously. ' You believe that Mr. Dexter ? ' His warning forefinger stopped me there. 'Tell me,' he interposed, 'what Dexter said to you when he was so good as to confirm your opinion of poor Mrs. Beauly ?' ' He said, ( There isn't a doubt about it, Mra. Beauly poisoned her.'' 'I- can't do better than follow so good an example — with one trifling difference. I say, too, there isn't a doubt about it ! Dexter poisoned her.' 'Are you joking, Mr. Playmore ?' 'I never was more iu earnest in my life. Your rash visit to Dexter, and your extraordinary imprudence in taking him into your confidence, have led to astonish ing results. The light which the whole machinery of the law was unable to throw on the poisoning case at Gleninch has been accidentally let in on it by a lady who refuses to listen to reason, and who insists on having her own way. Quite incredible, and nevertheless quite true.' ' Impossible !' I exclaimed. 'What is impossible?' he asked coolly. ' That Dexter poisoned my husband's first wife.' 'And why is that impossible, if you please ?' I began to be almost enraged with Mr. Playmore. ' Can you ask the question !' I replied indignantly. ' I have told you that I heard him speak of her, in terms of re spect and affection of which any woman might be proud. He lives in the memory of her. I owe his friendly reception of me to some resemblance which he fancies he sees between my figure and hers. I have seen tears in his eyes, I have heard his voice falter and fail him, when he spoke of her. He may be the falsest of men in all besides ; but he is true to her — he has not misled me in that one thing. There are signs that never deceive a woman when a man is talking to her of what is really near his heart. I saw those signs. It is as true that I poisoned her as that he did. I am ashamed to set my opinion against yours, Mr. Playmore ; but I really cannot help it. I declare I am almost angry with you !' He seemed to be pleased, instead of offended, by the bold manner in which I expressed myself. 'My dear Mrs. Eustace, you have no reason to be angry with me 1 In one re spect, I entirely share your view — with thia difference, that I go a little further than you do.' ' I don't understand you.' ' You will understand me directly. You describe Dexter's feeling for the late Mrs. Eustace as a happy mixture of re spect and affection. I can tell you, it was a much warmer feeling towards her than that. I have my information from the poor lady herself — who honored me with her confidence and friendship for the best part of her life. Before she married Mr. Macallan — she kept it a secret from him, and you had better keep it a secret too — Miserrimus Dexter was in love with her. Miserrimus Dexter asked her — deformed as he was, seriously asked her — to be his wife. 'And in the face of that,' I cried, ' you say that he poisoned her.'. ' I do. I see no other conclusion possible, after what happened during your visit to him ! You all but frightened him into a fainting-fit. What was he afraid of?' I tried hard to find an answer to that. I even embarked on an answer, without quite knowing where my own words might lead me. ' Mr. Dexter is an old and true friend of my husband's,' I began, ' When he heard me say I was not satisfied with the verdict he might have felt alarmed -. ? ' 'He might have felt alarmed at the possible consequences to your husband of re-opening the inquiry,' said Mr. Play more, ironically finishing the sentence for me. ' Rather far-fetched, Mrs. Eustace ? and not very consistent with your faith in your husband's innocence ! Clear your mind of one mistake,' he con tinued seriously, 'which may fatally mislead you, if you persist in pursuing your present course. Miserrimus Dexter, you may take my word for it, ceased to be your husband's friend on the day when your husband married his first wife. Dexter has kept up appearances, I grant you — both in public and private. His evidence in his friend's favor at the Trial was given with the deep feeling which everybody expected from him. Never theless, I firmly believe, looking under the surface, that Mr. Macallan has no bitterer enemy living than Miserrimus Dexter.' He turned me cold. I felt that here, at least, he was right. My husband had wooed and won the woman who had re fused Dexter's offer of marriage. Was Dexter the man to forgive that ? My own experience answered me — andgsaid, No. ' Bear in mind what I have told you,' Mr. Playmore proceeded. ' And now let us get on to your own position in this matter, and to the interests that you have at stake. Try to adopt my point of vie^y for the moment ; and let us enquire what chance we have of making any further advance towards a discovery of the truth. It is one thing to be morally convinced (as I am) that Miserrimus Dexter is the man who ought to have been tried for the murder at Gleninch ; and it is another thing, at this distance of time, to lay our hands on the plain evidence which can alone justify anything like a public asser tion of his guilt. There, as I see it, is the insuperable difficulty in the case. Unless I am completely mistaken, the question is narrowed to this plain issue : — The public assertion of your husband's innocence depends entirely on the public assertion of Dexter's guilt. How are you to arrive at that result ? There is not a particle of evidence against him. You can only convict Dexter on Dexter's own confession. Are you listening to me ?' I was listening, most unwillingly. If he was right, things had indeed come to that terrible pass. But I could not — with all my respect for his superior know ledge and experience — I could not per suade myself that he was right. And I owned it, with the humility which I really felt. He smiled good-humoredly. 'At any rate,' he said, 'you will admit that Dexter has not freely opened ' his mind to you, thus far ? He is still keeping something from your knowledge, which you are interested in discovering ?' ' Yes, I admit that.' ' Very good. What applies to your view of the case applies to mine. I say he is keeping from you the confession of his guilt. You say, he is keeping from you information which may fasten the guilt on some other person. Let us start from that point. Confession, or infor mation, how are you to get at what he is now withholding from you ? What in fluence can you bring to bear on him when you see him again ?' ' Surely, I might persuade him ?' ' Certainly. And if persuasion fails — what then ? Do you think you can entrap him into speaking out ; or terrify bitn into speaking out ?' 'If you will look at your notes, Mr, Playmore, you will see that I have already succeeded in terrifying him — though I am only a woman, and though I didn't mean to do it.' ' Very well answered ! You mark the trick. What you have done once you think you can do again. Well ! as you are determined to try the experiment, it can do you no harm to know a little more of Dexter's character and temperament than you know now. Suppose we apply for information to somebody who can help us?' I started and looked round the room. He made me do it ; he spoke as if the person who was to help us was close at our elbows. 'Don't be alarmed,' he said. 'The oracle is silent ; and the oracle is here.' He unlocked one of the drawers of I113 desk ; produced a bundle of letters ; and picked out one. ' When we were arranging your hus band's defence,' he said, 'we felt some difficulty about including Miserrimus Dexter among our witnesses. We had not the slightest suspicion of him — I need hardly tell you. But we were all afraid of his eccentricity ; and some among us even feared that the excitement of ap pearing at the Trial might drive him completely out of his mind. In this emergency we applied to the doctor to help us. Under some pretext, which I forget now, we introduced him to Dex ter. And in due course of time we re ceived his report. Here it is.' He opened the letter ; and, marking a certain passage in it with a pencil, handed it to me. ' Read the lines which I have marked,' he said ; ' they will be quite sufficient for our purpose.' I read these words : — 'Summing up the results of my ob servation, I may give it as my opinion that there is undoubtedly latent insanity in this case ; but that no active symptoms of madness have presented themselves as yet. You may, I think, produce him at the Trial without fear of consequences. He may say and do all sorts of odd things ; but he has his mind under the control of his will, and you may trust his self-esteem to exhibit bini in the cha racter of a substantially intelligent wit ness. ' As to the future, I am, of course, not able to speak positively. I can only state my views. 'That he will end in madness (if he lives), I entertain little or no doubt. The question of when the madness will show itself depends entirely on the state of his health. His nervous system is highly sensitive ; and there are signs that his way of life has already damaged it. If he conquers the bad habits to which I have alluded in an earlier part of my re port, and if he passes many hours of every day very quietly in the open air, he may last as a sane man for years to come. If he persists in his present way of life, or, in other words, if further mischief occurs to that sensitive nervous system— his lapse into insanity must infallibly take place when the mischief has reached the culminating point. Without warning to himself or to others, the whole mental structure will give way; and, at a mo ment's notice, while he is acting as quietly or speaking as intelligently as at his best time, the man will drop (if I may use the expression) into madness or idiotcy. In either case, when the catastrophe has happened, it is only due to his friends to add that they can (as I believe) entertain no hope of his cure. The balance, once lost, will be lost for life.' There it ended. Mr. Playmore put the letter back in his drawer. ' You have just read the opinion of one of our highest living authorities,' he said. 'Does Dexter strike you as a likely man to give bis nervous system a chance of recovery ? Do you see no ob stacles and no perils in your way ?' My silence answered him. €C Suppose you go back to Dexter,' he proceeded. 'And suppose that the doctor's opinion exaggerates the peril in his case. What are you to do ? The last time you saw hi™ you had the immense advantage of taking forq by surprise. Those sensitive nerves of his gave way ; and he betrayed the fear that you roused in him. Can you take him by surprise again? Not you! He is prepared for you now ; and he will be on his guard. If you- encounter nothing worse, you will have his cunning to deal with next. Are you his match at that? But for Lady Clarinda he would have hopelessly misled you on the subject of Mrs. Beauly.' There was no answering this either. I was foolish enough to try to answer it for all that. ' He told me the truth, so far as he knew it,' I rejoined. 'He really saw, what he said he saw, in the corridor at Gleninch.' ' He told you the truth,' returned Mr. Playmore, ' because he was cunning enough to see that the truth would help him in irritating your suspicions. You don't really believe that he shared your suspicions V ' Why not 1' I said.' He was as igno rant of what Mrs. Beauly was really doing on that night as I was — until I met Lady Clarinda. It remains to be seen whether he will not be as much astonished as I was when I tell him what Lady Clarinda told me.' This smart reply produced an effect which I had not anticipated. To my surprise Mr. Playmore abruptly dropped all further discussion on his side. He appeared to despair of convincing me, and he owned it indirectly in his next words. ' Will nothing that I can say to you,' he asked, ' induce you to think as I think in this matter P' 'I have not your ability, or your ex perience,' I answered. 'lam sorry to say, I can't think as you think.' ' And you are really determined to see Miserrimus Dexter again ?' 'I have engaged myself to see him ?gain.' 134 He waited a litiSe, and thought over it*1 ' You have honored me by asking for my advice,' lie said. 'I earnestly advise you, Mrs. Eustace, to break your engagement. I go even further than \- that. I entreat you not to see Dexter ;: again.'' Just what my mother-in-law had said ! just what Benjamin and Major Fitz pavid had said 1 They were all against me. And still I held out. I wonder, when I look back at it, at my own ob stinacy. I am almost ashamed to relate that I made Mr. Playmore no reply. He waited, still looking at me. I felt irri tated by that fixed look. I rose, and stood kef ore him with my eyes on the floor. He rose in Ms turn. He understood that the conference was over. *' Well 1 well !' he said, with a kind of sad good-humor, ' I suppose it is unrea sonable of me to expect that a young woman like you should share any opinion ?with an oldlawyer like me. Let me only remind you that our conversation must remain strictly confidential, for the pre sent — and then let us change the subject. Is there anything that I can do for you ? Are you alone in Edinburgh ?' -f So. I am travelling with an old friend of mine, who has known me from childhood.' 'And do you stay here to-morrow ?' « I think so.' : ** Will you dome one favor? 'Will you think over what has passed between us, and will you come back to rue in the morning V ? ' ? ' Willingly, Mr. Playmore, if it is onlv to thank you again for your kind ness' .'???????? ' ? - ? . On that understanding we parted. He sighed-r-the cheerful man sighed, as he opened tne door for me. Women are contradictory creatures. That sigh affected me more than all his argu ments. I felt -myself blush for my own headstrong resistance to him, as I took my leave, and turned away into the street. ' Chapter XXXIV.^-GiiiEisrrisrcH. ' Aha !' said Benjamin complacently. ?' So the lawyer thinks, as I do, that you will be highly imprudent if you go back to Mr. Dexter? A hard-headed sensible man the lawyer, no doubt. You will listen to Mr; Playmore (won't you ?), though you wouldn't listen to me 2' (I had, of course, respected Mr. Play Diore's confidence in me, when Benjamin and I' met 'on my return to the hotel. Not a word' relating to the lawyer's horrible suspicion of Miserrimus Dexter had passed iny lips). 'You must forgive me, my old friend,' I said, answering Benjamin. 'I am afraid it has coine to this— try as1 I may, I can listen to. nobody who advises me. ?On bnr way :here I honestly meant to be guided 'by M*,; Playmotfr=— we should .neveT 'have taken this long journey, if I had riot honestly meant it. I have tried, tried hard* to be a teachable reasonable woman; But there is something in me that won't be taught. I am fefraid I shall go back to Dexter.' . ; Even Benjamin lost 'all patience with me this time. 'What is bred in the bone,' he said, quoting the- old proverb, ? -** will never come out of the flesh. In yeats gone by, you -were the most obstinate cMldthat ever made a iness in a nursery: Oh, dear me, we might as well have stayed in London !' ???:??:?? 'No/5 I replied,, 'now we have travelled to Edinburgh/ we will see something (interesting 4o me at any ' rate), which we should never have seen if we had not left London: My hus band's country house is withia a few miles of us here. d?o-morrow we will go to Gleninch.' ?'* Where the poor lady was poisoned V asked Benjamin, with a look of dismay. ' You mean that place 1' 'Yes. I want to see the .room in which she died ; I want to go all over the house.' : Benjamin crossed his hands resignedly on his lap. ' I try to understand the new generation,' said the old man sadly. 'But I can't manage it. The new gene ration beats me.' : I sat dowat i» write to Mr. Playmore about the visit to Gleninch. The house in which the tragedy lad occurred that had blighted my husband's life was, to iay mind, the most interesting house on the habitable globe. . Tie prospect/ of visiting Gleninch had, indeed (to tell the truth)j strongly influenced my resolution to consult the Edinburgh lawyer. I sent my note to Mr, Playmore by a mes senger, and received the kindest reply in return. If I would .wait until the after noon, he would get the day's business ? done, and would take us to Gleninch in his own carriage. Benjamin's obstinacy — in his own quiet way, and on certain occasions only — was quite a match for mine. He had pri vately determined, as one of the old generation, to have nothing to d© with Gleninch. Jfot a word on the subject escaped Mm, -until Mr. Playmore's car riage «bs at the. hotel door. At that ; appropriate - moment Benjamin remem bered an old friend of his in Edinburgh. ' Will you please to excuse me, Valeria ? Mv friend's name is Sanders — and he will take it unkindly of me if I don't dine with Mm to-day.' Apart from the associations that I con nected with it, there was nothing to in terest a traveller at Gleninch. The country round was pretty and well cultivated, and nothing more.; The park was, to an English eye, wild and badly kept. The house had been built within the last seventy or eighty years. Outside, it was as bare of all ornament as a factory, and as gloomily heavy in effect as a prison. Inside, the deadly dreariness, the close oppressive solitude, of a deserted dwelling wearied the: eye and weighed on the mind, from the roof to the basement. The house had been shut up since the time of the Trial. A lonely old couple, man and wife, had the keys,, and the charge of it. The man shook his head in silent and sorrowful disapproval of our intrusion, when Mr. PJaymore ordered Mm to open the shutters, and let the lighb in on the dark deserted place. Fires -were, burning in the library and the pic ture gallery, to preserve the treasures which they contained from the damp. It was not easy, at first, to look at the cheer ful blaze without fancying that the in habitants of the house must surely come in and warm themselves ! Ascending to the upper floor, 1 saw the rooms made familiar to me by the report of the Trial. I entered the little study, with the old books on the shelves, and the key still missing from the locked door of communication with the bedchamber. I looked into the room in which the unhappy mistress of Gleninch had suffered and died. The bed was left in its place ; the sofa on which the nurse had snatched her intervals of repose was at its foot ; the Indian cabinet, in which the crumpled paper with the grains of arsenic had been found, still held its little collection of curiosities. I moved on its pivot the invalid table on which she had taken her meals and written her poems, poor soul. The place was dreary and dreadful ; the heavy air felt as if it was still burdened with its horrid load of misery and distrust. I was glad to get out (after a passing glance at the room wMch Eustace had occupied in those days) into the Guest's Corridor. There was the bedroom, at the door of which Miserrimus Dexter had waited and watched! There was the oaken floor along wMch he had hopped, in his hor rible way, following the footsteps of this servant disguised in her mistress's clothes ! Go where I might, the ghosts of the dead and absent went with me, step by step. Go where I might, the lonely horror of the house had its still and awful voice for Me; — 'JTkeep the secret of the Poison ! JMde the mystery of the death !' The oppression of the place became un endurable. I longed for the pure sky and the free air. My companion noticed and understood me. 'Come?' he said. 'We have had enough of the house. Let us look at the grounds.' In the grey quiet, of the evening, we roamed about the lonely gardens, and threaded our way through the rank ne glected shrubberies. Wandering here and wandering there, we drifted into the kitchen garden — with one little patch still sparely cultivated by the old man and his wife, and all the rest a wilder ness of weeds. Beyond the far end of the garden, divided from it by a low paling of wood, there stretched a patch of waste ground, sheltered on three sides by trees. In one lost corner of the ground; an ob ject, common enough elsewhere, attracted my attention '? here. The object was a dust-heap. The great size of it, and the curious situation in which, it was placed, roused a moment's languid curiosity in me. 1 stopped, and looked at the dust and ashes, at the broken crockery and the old iron. .Here, there was a torn hat ; and there, some fragments of rotten old boots ; and, scattered round, a small at-: teadant litter of torn paper and frowzy rags. 'What are you looking at?' asked Mr. Playmore. ? ' At nothing more remarkable than the dust-heap,' I answered. 'In tidy : England, I suppose you would have all that carted away out of sight,' said the lawyer. ' We don'i mind in Scotland, as long as the dust heap is far enough away not to be smelt at the house. Besides, some of it sifted comes in usefully as manure for:. the garden. Here -the place is deserted, and the rubbish in consequence has not been disturbed. Everything at Grleninch, Mrs. Eustace (the big dust-heap included), is waiting for the new mistress to set it to rights. One of these days, you may be queen here — who knows ?' 'I shall never see this place again,' I said. 'Never is a long day,' returned my companion. ' And time has its surprises in store for all of us.' We turned away, and walked back in silence to the park gate, at which the car riage was waiting. On the return to Edinburgh, Mr. Play more directed the conversation on topics entirely unconnected with my visit to Gleninch. He saw that my mind stood in need of relief ; and he good-naturedly, and successfully, exerted himself to amuse me. It was not until we were close to the city that he touched on the subject of my return to London. ' Have you decided yet on the day when you leave Edinburgh 1' he asked. ' We leave Edinburgh,' I replied; 'by the train of to-morrow morning.' 'Do you still see no reason to alter the opinions wMch you expressed yester day ? Does your speedy depasture mean thatT' .-.??.. 'I am afraid it does, Mr. Playmore. When I am an older woman, 1 may be a wiser woman. In the meantime, I can only trust to your indulgence if I still blindly blunder on in my own way.' He smiled pleasantly, and patted my hand — then changed on a sudden, and looked at me gravely and attentively before he opened his lips again. ' TMs is my last opportunity of speak ing to you before you go,' he said. ' May I speak freely ?' 'As freely as you please, Mr. Play-: more ! Whatever you may say to me will only add to my grateful sense of your kindness.' 'I have very little to say, Mrs. Eustace ? and that little begins with a word of caution. You told me yesterday that when you paid your last visit to Miserri mus Dexter, you went to Mm alone. Don't do that again. Take somebody with you.' 'Do you think I am in any danger, then?' ' Not in the ordinary, sense of the word. I only think that a friend may be useful in keeping Dexter's audacity (he is one of the most impudent men living) within proper limits. Then, again, in case anything worth remembering and acting on slbouldiaSl from him in his talk, a friend may be valuable as witness. In your place, I should have a witness with me who could take notes— but then! am a lawyer, and my business is to make a fuss about trifles. Let me only say—go with a companion, when you next visit, Dexter ; and be on your guard against yourself, when the talk turns on Mrs. Beauly.' 'On my guard against myself % What do you mean ?' ' Practice, my dear Mrs. Eustace, has given me an eye for the little weaknesses of human nature. You are (quite naturallj) disposed to be jealous of Mrs. i Beauly ; and you are, in consequence, not in full possession of your excelled common sense, when Dexter uses that lady as a means of blindfolding you. Am I speaking too freely 1' ' Certainly not ! It is very degrading to me to be jealous of Mrs. Beauly. My vanity suffers dreadfully when I think of it. But my common sense yields to con viction. I dare say you are right.' ' I am delighted to find that we agree on one point,' he rejoined drily. 'I don't despair yet of convincing you, in that far more serious matter which is still in dispute among uS. And, what is more, if you will throw no obstacles in the way, I look to Dexter Mmself to help me.' i This roused my curiosity. How Miser rimus Dexter could help him, in that or in any other way, was a riddle beyond my reading; ' You propose to repeat to Dexter all that Lady Clarinda told you about Mrs. Beauly,' he went on. ' And you think it is likely that Dexter, will be over whelmed, as you were overwhelmed,' when he hears the story. I am going to venture on a prophecy. I say that Dexter will disappoint you. Far from showing any astonishment, he will boldly tell you that you have been dnped by a deliberately false statement of facts, in vented and set afloat, in her own guilty interests, by Mrs. Beauly. Now tell me — if he really tries, in that way, to renew your unfounded suspicion of an innocent woman, will that shake your confidence in your own opinion 1' 'It will entirely destroy my confidence in my own opinion^ Mr. Playmore.' 'Very good. I shall expect you to write to me, in any case ; and I believe we shall be of one mind, before the week is out. Keep strictly secret all that I said to you yesterday about Dexter; Don't even mention my name, when you see Mm. Thinking of Mm as I think now, I would as soon touch the hand of the hangman as the hand of that monster 1 God bless you. Goodbye.' So he said his farewell words, at the door of the hotel. Kind, genial, clever— but oh, how easily prejudiced, how shockingly obstinate in holding to his own opinion ! And what an opinion ! I shud dered as I thought of it. 