MELBOURNE. t (moat our own. correspondent.)" :! .in: to' !» !i . : : Thnrsday Evening.- - His Honour sir Kedmond Barry -left-Mel bourne lo-dayiby-jhe Rangatira for'Sydney, en route for Brisbane, where , his Honour will re main for about thred weeks, returmng . to Mel- bourne'.'eMy ihfFebru'ary.. 1 - d.'-i-vf .-'J, i. The expensive wharfage, works on:tle south side of-;the': Yafra'are'yet far' fi-Om' complete. The - river .bottom ; near the fifty-ton ' crane"has baen- cleared to a depth of 40 feet, but there are some immense Milestone boulders lying south in about mid-channel, .which appear to .stretch acrpsstheriverat a depth of: about 20 feet, arid tpe coffer dam :that has been -erected in the cpntre of the river is designed to remove these. Oostiy as the worJc will be, it promises - in" the eridto largely augment the wharfage, accommo dation of the city;1 ' ' , , The' " Verandah" in Collins-street' is' now but a ghost of its former self, and- under the Hall of Commerce; " Ichabad". might be appropriately written. : It is 'melancholy to /watch the half- dozen or so speculators who hang' about' there during the day, and dodge in arid 'out the , Gri-' teti6n,tependirig,!: probably j more .on riobblera than- their 'day's earnings amoimt to. . . Grerille, and Co. KaVe,' 'by the way, returned, -to- their old (jurirterS iri this building; and appear to .have'as piuch :aa, they can well attend to'in.their'tmer- ciiutije. telegraphic business. With "Reuter's". on-tfte same sicle ot the way, and V The Oriental." opposite, .the city is well supplied with European'' telegraphic companies. I was led into error lately in intimating that O'Ferrall," the Lands office -defaulter, might be expected by; ;the .Somerset, : and- I-have!beeii"ai some .pains1 since to ascertain, - beyond' doubt;' when iO'Ferrallmay be' expected to 'arrive; 'T now dearn; --mpon authority; that ' he 'left Siugnri pore'-in- the-' steamship Brisbane'pnTu'esdajfj1 12 th January/ so that be'r! fore die'-' puts , in' an,' appearance.. in j Melbourne. O'Fkrrall conies in charge of; Detective, O'Cal-y laghaii;', ; ; ' V7.\';V > A j! y.-.i-t 1 . : : iplliyan ptill ijeniaius an iiuiiatobf itlie Melr bpurp'e Gaol, liekl, thore is iio. doubt; -.im illegal, custody; .If. an application wore: made.to'release'. him ;on A«ieas, it would : certainly', result in his discharge. < He could, of course, be' re-arrested; andisentenced to imprisonment, -'for; sont about his business. ' ' At' present the larv is lield iri' sus pense in relation to' him,' and the authorities are fairly .puzzled to get out' of ' the' difficiilty tliey have created for .themselves. . . There was something like' a threatened strike of; waitresses at- one: of the large 'refreshment \- houses in town- to-day. The girls complained of not havingliad an outing during tlieholiday3 and they marched up to their employer in a body and demanded a:spell,. which Was conceded with the best grace possible under the circumstances. A Frenchman named V errier,7 wlio 'lias for a lpng timo persecuted the, French Consul to send iiiiu'toLN ew Caledonia, and has cbristaritly abused him for alleged ignorance, of liis consular duty to poor Frenchmen, .was. sent to gaol, for one month -for -threatening the life of Le Oomtb do Castelnau. John Seebeck, the Daylesfpi-d insolvent, was brought up again to-day, oirthe charge of de- . frauding his 'creditors. George Home, the trustee in the estate, gave" evidence to show the guilty knowledge of the accused," who was fully committed for trial. 1 The woman Barrow's connection with a re cent fire on her premises, at Sandridge, formed the subject of investigation to-day before a jury. At a. late hour the evidence Was -proceeding, - tending to sei-iously "compromise the accused." At an inquest at Mornington yesterday, on thoi body of a woman named Sarali Donovan, it. was found that tlvo deceased, died through uh- biuuui treatment Dy tno mitiwiie, mary oneors, whuwaB ppmmittod for trial for manslaughter. The annual meeting of subscribers of the Mel bourne Hospital was held to-day. The total recoipts for last year "from all sources woro L22,679, and, the expenditure L22,8(i0. The amount received from the Hospital Sunday fund was L2357, and the Legislative vote was L15,000. As many as 26,037 cases were treated. Sir Wm Stawell was elected president ; Sir James M'Culloch and Richard Grico, Esqs., vice- presidents.; ..Hon. E. Cohen, treasurer. On the motion of Mr Wisewould, the tenure of honor ary medical service was altered from ten years to five. ' A sensational treat is promised at the Opera House to-night. Blondin is to cross the high rope, carrying on liis back Mr John Hill, the musician, who will piny a solo on the violin. The extravaganza at this- house is a great draw, Eleanor Carey, as Adahianta, constituting no small portion of tlio attraction. .U COMMEROIAD, ! , The wheat market was well tested this morn ing, somo 2000 , bushels of now grain being offered publicly. , The bulk of it brought 4s lljd, showing a fall of from a halfpoimy to ono penny: per. busliol. ! Tho geiiwrJ import market is quiet. Messrs Clarke and Co. report sales this day of —Colonial Bank of Australasia, , L7. 103 fld ; Comipercial ;Bank of ' Australia, L5 I5s 9d ; Olujios, Ppiisols, Olunes, 43s ; Newiiigton . and Pleasant Creek, : StawpU, paid-iqis,; 45s Cd.; viyliusou'a liuei'Guld Mines, SamUnu'st/SOs, j 