FACT OR FANCY I . " Do you believe in ghosts ?" Few questions arc.cver asked more idle. !But the general answer, " I do," or " I do riot," is worthy of it ; that is to suy, if?4 1 do not believe ' is to be taken iu its fullest sense of dogmatic' unbelief. It is impossible, in the nrst place, to help admitting some belief in ghosts, for that belief runs through all the history of mankind. People of mi nations, languages, and rc- ligious crccds," have believed iu gliosis in all ages. In days as sceptical as the pre sent the wisest of the classic ancients told their ghost stories, wisely refraining from saying whether they believed them or not. No man among the Romans was lesssu ;cr- stitious than the sceptical poet Lucretius; yet instead of repudiating the existence of ghosts, he proceeds to account for them on perfectly natural and scientific principles, ns hcing filmy cmanatious from the people to whom they belong. Pliny the Younger has a famous story 1 of n lmuntcd house, with its usual drnmati'e incidents. Cicero believes, nt nil events, in the fact of spectres appearing to the dreaming, 'ihc difficulty in all cases is scientific verification, and that is a diffi culty which, from tlic nature of the subject, appears insoluble. Thnt the ap pearance ojf a spirit in the sleeping or waking state has been a mental fact to numberless .persons, is undeniable; the question remains whether or not this mental fact is to be considered in the light of the usual phenomena of external naturo ; whether, to use tlic language of philosophy, it has an objective existence. Perhaps no person is entirely without experience, which however trivial, isalwnysintercsting, although no possible accumulation of facts may lead us any nearer to tlic final deter mination of the general question. For instance, f have the following case on such unquestionable authority that I cannot tor a moment dispute it Many years ago a surgeon, on board a man-of-war in the Indiuii sens, was ob served by his messmates one morning to wear n very careworn and anxious look. They questioned him ns to its cause, and with « some reluctance he said that the night before he had seen his father lying dead in an open coffin. He noted the cir cumstance in his log-book, with the date Tn due time n letter came announcing the death of his father at the exact date. No one from this story could infer the actual objective appearance of the spectre, hut it is difficult to refuse to the human mind hi states of sleep or trance, a power of clairvoyance, consisting in cither the nullification of space or of time. In thh case space was overleaped. The next instance I can perfectly vouch for, as an example of apparent foresight. An English clergyman, whom I knew very intimntcly iu Germany, lodged in the same house with n native 'nmilv. On the night on which the lady of the family was confined he dreamt that the nnvsc came to cull him iu the middle of the night, re questing him to come down and christen the new-born infant, us the child was in such immediate dnnger that there was no time to send for the Lutheran clergyman. In the morning, however, ou enquiry, the answer was that mother and child were doing well. However, in exuetly 14 days afterwards tho incident of the clergyman's dream actually occurred. His memory could not have deceived him, as he had mentioned the dream to his wife the next morning. To the question whether I have seen a ghost, I should answer "No"; but 1 know some one who has — thnt is to sny, who fully believes that he has— aeeu one. Here is the story just ns it was told me : — Near the towu of Wciiuar, in Saxony, on the right of the long valley planted witii chestnuts, that lends from the towu up to the summer-palace of the Grand Duke of Uclvidcre, there is a spot hare of trees, showing the site of some ancient building, the ruins of which lmve almost entirely disappeared. Near this site, among the btishwood, arc openings to a most extraordinary serics -of subterranean passages, which, it is said, have never bocu thoroughly explored. Some sn' that human bones have been found in them ; others, that persons endeavouring to ex plore them without a cluc, have become bewildered and perished of hunger. Some attribute them to human hands, nnd some to natural geological causes. It is only certain that they arc there, and that no one is able to give any definite ac count of them. As to the building, whose foundations nlone arc visible among the bushes, it is said to have been an ancient castle belonging to sninc former Dukes of Saxony, Some few years ago a friend of mine, Ilerr II— , of Weimar, was in the huhit of making frequcut visits to Obcrwismn, a village at tlic end 1 of tbe park, one of the ways to which lies through the Bclvidcrc Alloc. One even ing in October, after the sun was set, lie was passing along this road in a thick fog, illuminated by the tnoon; as he passed the spot where the ancient costlc formerly stood; he was ; aware of au up- nenrnnca in the mist besides him. which he did not nt first pay much attention to, as he thought it might he the reflection of his own form. After awhile, however, it struck him thnt the image which followed his steps so ' closely was .accompanied by the imnge of a dog, and he had no dog with him. This circumstance earned him to'stop and look nt the figure, when, to his horror, he observed' that, it wanted a head, ' ; . Ilerr II— —walked towards it;it retired; he ran from it, it followed him; he felj i into his usual pitce, it continued to keep step with him ; lie addressed it, but it did .not answer. Ilerr II — — is a Roman Catholic. In mortal terror he mechani cally made the sign of the cross. The ghost immediately vanished in the direc tion of. the remains of the old castle. There is nn old tradition connected with the scene of this adventure, thnt n former Duke. of ! Saxony caused his soil to be be headed for some fearful crime— either tlic murder of his own mother, or an intrigue similar to tbat which ' forms the founda tion of Lord Byron's. Pnrisiiia. At Bcrka, a small bathing place among the trills, seven miles TrornVelmar, there is also to he seen, on av'Woody knoll, the site of a ruined castlei'Trom 1 which the Grand Duke of Weimar derives his title of Count- Berko. The old jiepplc of Berka still talk of a headless apparition which' used to haunt it, and which often appeared to their g rand fathcre.-GHce a I Veck, A man lately made a wager thnt he had Iseeiia horsc going'at nisr greatest speed,' aud a dog sitting on his tail strange ns it may seem, he won— bntthe dog sat on his own tail! f fy ' t 1'.". It is said that a revolving vegetable dish is the latest domestic invention, and a very ! economical ouc it riiuet be, for no matter how little the dish contains it is always! sureto .goTOtind"," !j Iri Fraucq tkpycall grey . liair. Jf a little dust !rom tlic road of Jifc,!.tvvhich is.cer-; tuirily very poetical. But iwlicn you find "a little dust from the road of life" in your butter the poetry vauishes at once. 