PICKINGSFBOMMELBOURNEPUNCH. SELECTIONS FROM THE ALMANAC. t,. ... ; CHEAT TRUTHS. Broad beans are not so broad as they arejlong ; 'A man who hides a cabbage may not plant it; Living on muscles might not make one strong ; , No thief who takes a purse takes it for granted. Birds that eat apples may not die of pip ; A slug's back never is as hard as snails. A snake-bite hurts, so may a brandy nip ; A king fish never was a prince of whales. A wheat plant full of ears may not be old ; All South-sea grampusses are good at blowing ; A turnpike man may pass to death untoll'd ; A sailor cry land ho ! and not mean hoeing. GENTEEL VERSION OF AN OLD ROMANCE. Sound a loud paean, let the glorious song r Be sixpence and a pouch replete with rye ; Two dozen ebon birds, a tuneful throng, Tombed in the hot recesses of a pie. . - Sing how, when digging 'neath the steamy crust, .. . The birds began to whistle joyous hymns, Not seeming inconvenienced or fussed ' By heat, or want of room to stretch their limbs* Now, was not this a gastronomic heat To grace a mighty monarch's festive board, A lovely dishful of melodius meat . - As ever was in royal stomach stored? . : , What. a Teetotaller cannot do.— Keep tho t climate temperate. Milk and Water Measures.— Dairyman's, cans. Question for the Board of Health.— What ia . the cubic contents of a sanitary measure? : Terrestial Shame. — The shock of an earth quake. Fanatic Teetotalism. — To object~to hollands for children's pinafores. Never hard to boat (except boiled;. — As egg. When is a man like a frog?— When hois going to croak; ' i .-??'? l Two Extremes,— Down in the dumps and up in ,' a balloon. A rash promise.— I'll go and catch the measels. ? Income-bustible.— That derived 'from bubblos. Incbme-prebenBible.— Seized of a living. ' ' A Garden Robber.— The thief of time; '' A Valuable Herb. — The mint of money. The University Lad. — Mat-riculatiou. ' Mottoes for Gardeners.— Spades are trumps. Hoe no man anything. Never rake at night. Only be seedy at sowing time. Act always on deep-loam-atio grounds. Keep as cool as a cucumber. When engaged on garden plots be careful as to your designs. Never arbour evil thoughts against your employer. Free Translations.— Hollow Pod-rida— empty pea-shells. Esprit de corpse), a veritable ghost. Hot non pro me— Hock is not my sort of wine. Adieu pauvre toujours— Good-bye poor two shoes. Belle-lettres— B. E. and double L. Bon(n)e bouoh— A devilled drumstick. De dio et diem — the Argus obituary. A Dashing Fellow,— A soda and brandy drinker. What is a mitten?— A wrap on the knuckles. The man who originated' the strike.— The ' Blacksmith. The opposite of dear John. — Cheap Jack. Parliamentary Question.— Is the whip the tool ' of a party. The place of departed spirits.— The throat. ' The illness that pays. — When laying up for a rainy day. The proper sort of stuff,— That with which a man re-covers his health. A close shaver.— A miserly barber. A Strange Metamorphosis.— Some Arab horses arrived by the mail steamer. Directly - they were put on shore by the owner they became landed property. Paddy.— An Irish sailor asBerts that salt beef is the chief mate of a, ship. Always in the fashion.— Well-dressed dinners. A Solatium.— The man that failed to get a peerage obtained a title to his property. A Question of Beauty,— Can an ugly girl bo pretty well ! A Pure Vegetable.— The clean potato. The Place for Lovers.— The Heart Gallery. When is your eye like a pistol?— When you cock it. ' New Animals for the Acclimatization Society* —A night mare, quiet in saddle. A towel horse, warranted hairless. Two young water monkeys, from a Good Templar's Lodge. A snapdragon ? sent by Father Christmas; and a cat-o'-nmo- taik, presented by the common hangman. The Coloured Races.— Tbe white man, the ; negro, the red man, the yaller girl, the blue . stocking, the pink of perfection, the greenhorn, the orangeman, the done brown, and the pale of . civilization. Advice in War Time.— When alarmed be all armed. !',,'. Why are monkeys always cautious?— Because . they are four-armed. A Question.— What is the 6cale of tolls at the turnpike on the road to ruin? ? The sort of fright for a young man.— To give ; him a start. . - Nasal Eccentricites. — Paying and singing-' through the nose. A nose full-blown. A wefl re(a)dnose. ; True.— A disingenuous man cannot look even a clock in the face. -. . * What a fruiterer's wife should be.— When paired, apple-ly married, and then nuts on her husband. * * % A duck of a fellow.— The drake. A Reporter's Salary.— His shorthand notes. , Marine Joke.— What will occasion a squall' at * sea?— A birth in a ship. _,; ; Advice to a Husband.— Don't let your wife dye. . .. ... Family Diet.— For breakfast, a broil; at lunch, pick a booe with your wife; cold shoulder . for dinner. At tea let your bread be crusty as : yourself j and at supper finish up the day with ; bones of contention. ' ' - - ' ! :: Want3 to Know. — A would-be' Councillor' enquires, 'What 13 City-rate of Magnesia,' never having heard of such a tax ? 