THE PORT RAILWAY. ' TO THE SDITOB. Sir — A public vote of thanks is due to you for the able article in which you recently ex posed railway mismanagement here. The more bo, inasmuch as a mark of improvement in the railway department has already sprung from your sharp interference. Officialdom is always liable to degenerate into that unhappy condition in which it ib apt to regard the public as the source of all its trouble only, and not the provider of its bread and butter also. Neither are officials safe from further fall when at this low leveL They are apt to slip into a still lower state, in which they will be sure to mistake the relative impor tance of the letter and the spirit of their laws or rules, - and the intention, too, of the ins ifution to which they belong. This state of things does not spring up at once ; but it creeps on and on until it is deemed quite the correct thing to sacrifice public convenience, safety, and even decency, to a routine inimical to convenient locomotion as a Chinese lady's boote-. One more step downward and we arrive at official go-to- Jerichoism. This is generally as much of that tort of thing as John Bull will stand. Somebody then comes to the rescue. Tbere is a row. Parliament 'goes in a hurricane.' An enormously costly 'Com- mittee of Enquiry' flits. The weakest, but not the worst, offender goes to the wall, and 'is heavily 'sat upon.' Then we are supposed to make a fresh start with all that is btd in the past, and goodness for ever before us ; but only to find ourselves, affcr a brief clean flight, down in the mud where wewerebefore. Perennial zeal r». quires perennial hope and fear an much as perpetual motion needs perpetual force. Happily in the present case the ' '«-use' is not at ''one,' so the country should escape so end of expense, besides the infliction of 64 indignant speeches, resonant with ** mangled limbs and dying groans, and widows' tears and orphans' moans, and &U; the miseries which Bosh bestows to fill our carriages with human woes.' Such costly and dismally tedious expe dients need not now be resorted to. The thing, which was almost as bad as it could be, has been put almost right by a few strokes of your pen. Another touch or two, and it will do. Mote carriages when more are wanted ; less when less will do. Tickets to be had when applied for, and to be available when presented — within a reasonable time of course — say a generation or two. If the railways which we make and use are to be paid for by posterity, is it an unreasonable thing to give posterity the ghost of a chance of getting a hatful or two of paid up railway tickets left in ' sotnebody'b luggage in the early days of the colony V Let these few necessary things be properly attended to, and I am sure that a forgiving public will readily pardon the past, and cotifi.de in the future, and be more glad than sorry that toothsome lumps of official bread and butter may continue to have a good tun of luck into the sym metrical forms ©retained for them of old, in accordance with their own instincts and Pro fessor Tyndall's atomic theory. Would it not be well to let the matter rest here ? Your con temporary, I see, goes in for heavy damages, and suggests that the Enginesr-in-Chief of South Australia should be promoted to be Traffic Manager in Adelaide, and as if this were not left-handed compliment enough to meet the stern requirements of your contemporary's turn, it is further suggested to send the Engineer-in-Chief of South Australia to every country and people under He ven in order that he may discover to himself the astounding fact that when there are not enough of Tail way carriages at a given place at a given time more, are there and then required ! Your contemporary, I think, comes down too heavily upon our worthy Engineer-in- Chief in assuming as it does that as a matter of course it is not to be supposed at all, or imagined for a moaient, that he would be equal te the duties of an ordiaary 'bus proprietor witbrui first enlarging bis mind by cramming it wiih all the railway stuff in the world.' If 'muddle' re sults from men and things being out of their proper places, perhapB it is unwise to over burthen Mr. Mais with mere routine work, which an o dinary clerk might do, as to inter fere unduly with the carrying out of the pro fessional duties of his office ; but if so, is it quite clear that the Register would mend matters by taking him away from those pro fessional dnfies altogether, and making a Traffic Manager of him, and then taking him away from his traffic managing du its and se; ding him everywhere in the wide world except where he is wanted and where he ought to be ? 'Death and promotion' is an old-fashioned toast, and happy was deemed the country whose army was most capable of « fficiently puttir git in practice. If your contemporary is right, pro motion ehnuid go the other way now, and gaps In the ranks be filled up from the General's utaff, asd then thos? gaps be immediately opened up again by sending the saiS Generals out of the ranks on a voyage of discovery, during battle, to pick up new notions of soldiering in distant lands. The value of the principle of ] promotion recommended by your contemporary seems to consist in its perfect safety, and this \ In the fact that it has never been tried before, j is not tried anywhere now, and never will be tried in this world or in any other. Amen. I am, Sir, &c;, ANON. 