Chronology of the most Remark- able Occurrences from the First Establishment of the Colony down to One Thousand Eight Hundred and Twenty-Seven (Continued.) The following particulars connected with the early history of this colony, which we reprint from a Book Almanac for 1827, will be interest- ing to our readers. The Almanac was printed at Sydney, in the latter end of 1826, being almost equal in bulk to Moore's Book Almanac of the present day. It has been kindly placed in our hands by its owner, Mr W. W. Jenkins, –of Berkeley:- 1821. His Excellency the Governor, accompanied by Mrs Macquarie and Master Macquarie, embarked on board the ship Midas, Captain Beveridge, on his second tour of inspection to the Southern Settlements, April 4. Wesleyan Chapel in Macquarie-street, Parra- matta, opened April 4. Charles Throsby, Esq., returned from a highly satisfactory tour of discovery into the interior of New Holland, April. John Buff, a crown servant, poisoned by eating the toad-fish, dying in twenty minutes after he partook of the noxious animal, at Parramatta, April 20. Mr. George Howe, the Institutor, Printer, and Publisher of the Sydney Gazette and New South Wales Advertiser, as well as the compiler and publisher of the New South Wales Pocket Al- manack, yielded up, on the 11th of May, all his arduous labours at the inevitable visitation of death. He has the undisputed honor of being the primary Editor of Australia, and his memory will run coeval with New South Wales, having succeeded in rearing up and establishing, amidst hosts of difficulties, that humble but important structure — The Sydney Gazette, and thus attained the genuine printer's greatest ambition, even in death —a typographical monument; in which, though silent in the tomb, he will ever proclaim himself to us, the Progenitor of Printing. The colonial vessel Mary, Captain Heaney, lost off the southern, coast of New Holland, May 25. Wesleyan Chapel in Macquarie-street, Sydney, opened, July 1. His Excellency the Governor and family returned to headquarters from the tour of inspec- tion to the Southern Settlements in the ship Caroline, Captain Taylor, July 12. His Majesty's ship Dauntless, Captain Gam- bier, called here on her way to South America, June 24. Twenty-six prisoners were capitally convicted at the Criminal Sessions, nineteen of whom were executed, August. The first anniversary of the Wesleyan Auxi- liary Missionary Society held in the Macquarie street Chapel, Oct 1. Four cows killed by one flash of lightning at Bringelly, Oct 4. The benevolent Asylum, kindly erected by Government, taken possession of and entered, Oct. The first stone of a Roman Catholic Chapel (the first in New South Wales) laid by by Excel- lency the Governor in Hyde Park, Oct 29. His Excellency the Governor embarked on board His Majesty's colonial brig Elizabeth Henrietta, on a tour of inspection to the Northern Settlements, and sailed Nov 1. His Excellency, Major General Sir Thomas Brisbane, Lady Brisbane, and family, arrived on the Royal George, Captain Powditch, November 7. His Excellency Governor Macquarie returned from his tour of inspection to the Northern Settlement, Nov 21. His Majesty's Most Gracious Commission, appointing His Excellency Major- General Sir Thomas Brisbane, K.C.B., to be his representa- tive in the Territory of New South Wales and its Dependencies published and read, December 1. 1822. Intelligence received, per the transport ship Mary, of Queen Caroline's death, Jan. 23. A black snake killed by Mr Fleming, a settler at the Lower Branch, Hawkesbury River, mea- suring 22 feet in length, January, Mr Robert Murray, a pilot, and Mr Henry Cole, Keeper of Macquarie Tower Lighthouse, drowned down the harbour on their return to South Head; January 30. Hie Excellency Governor Macquarie, Mrs Mac- quarie; and Master Macquarie, embarked on board the ship Surry, Captain Thomas Raine, on their return to England, after a residence of twelve years and up wards amongst a people in whose affections they will never cease to live, Feb 12. The Surry, with Governor Macquarie and family on board, sailed, Feb 15. The public mourning for her late Majesty Queen Caroline ceased, March 8. A brazen tablet, in commemoration of the visit of Captain Cooke and Sir Joseph Banks, to the shores of Australia, designating these illustrious characters the Columbus and Mæcenas of their time, was affixed against the rock on the South Head of Botany Bay, on which they first landed, in presence of His Excellency Sir Thomas Bris- bane, March 19. The Dollar- system introduced, which became the prelude to the 'Freedom of the Press,' May. The Russian discovery ship Apollo, Captain Chroolaftoff, called here in June. Robert Howe, the Compiler of this little work, and publisher and proprietor of the Sydney Gazette, nearly assassinated by a maniac, named Davidson, on the night of the 15th of June. The Sydney Reading Institution formed, under the most flattering auspices— but owing to some mismanagement, died naturally, June. The Agricultural Society of New South Wales, instituted, July 5. Mr George Allen, the first Colonial Attorney and Solicitor was admitted to practice in our Courts, July. Mr, Warren, an innkeeper of Sydney, thrown from his horse, from which he died in a few days, July 27. A fine little boy of Sergeant Woodhall's, 48th Regiment, burnt to death, ibid. The Russian discovery ship Rurick, Captain Rhoekoff, visited this colony, ibid. A most horrid murder perpetrated at Birch Grove, by a wretch named Thomas Barry, a few miles up the Parramatta River on the defenceless persons of Mr and Mrs Bradley, an aged pair, Aug 15. Thirty-four prisoners condemned to die at the Criminal Sessions in October. His Excellency Sir Thomas Brisbane visited Bathurst on a tour of inspection in October. An aboriginal black native admitted within the pale of the Church, by the rites of baptism, per- formed by the Rev William Walker, Wesleyan Missionary to the aborigines, under the name of Thomas Walker Coke, Sept 22. Colonial tobacco this year publicly advertised for sale. The Sydney Bethel Institution started by a "Wellwisher to Seamen," Sept. 5. The first number of the Report of the Com- missioner of Inquiry arrived in the Asia, Captain Hunt, Nov 22. Intelligence of the mournful exit of the Mar- quis of Londonderry, Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, reached the colony by the Countess of Harcourt, Dec 21. 1823. Sydney Gazette published twenty-one years. January, George Johnstone, Esq., formerly Lieutenant- Colonel of the 102nd Regiment; and acting ruler of this colony for some months in 1808, during the memorable suspension of Governor Bligh's authority, died at his seat at Annandale, January 5. His Excellency Sir Thomas Brisbane, accom- panied by the Colonial Secretary (Major Goul- burn) sailed in H. M. brig Satellite, on a tour of inspection to the Northern Settlements, Jan 2; and returned to head quarters, Jan 13. The Honorable the Judge Advocate (Wylde) proceeded on a second circuit to Van Diemen's Land, on board the Caledonia, to hold a Criminal Sessions in that Dependency, Jan 20. The new Settlement at Wellington Valley formed under the command of Percy Simpson, Esq, March. Colonel Erskine of H. M. 48th Regiment, Lieut Governor of New South Wales, embarked for Europe on board the Marshal Wellington, Febru- ary 21. Road from Richmond to Wallis' Plains (New- castle) thrown open for the public, March 5. The Rev. Mr Lang, Presbyterian Minister, preached his introductory sermon in Sydney, June 8. A blacksmith named Winchurch dropped down dead in George- street, June 11. A horrid murder, committed this month, within 3 miles of Kissing-point, on a poor woman named Martin, while her husband was absent at Church; which still remains undiscovered, June. A widow, named Mrs Chenhalls, dropped down dead, close by the North Barrack-gate, June 20. Charter of the New South Wales Bank renewed by His Excellency Sir Thomas Brisbane, July. The "Australian Religious Tract Society" instituted at Sydney, at the suggestion of His Excellency, Sir Thomas Brisbane, August 13. "Sydney and Van Diemen's Land Packet Company contemplated, July. It died. Headquarters of the 3rd. Regiment (or Buffs) arrived in the Commodore Hayes, Captain Mon- crief, August 29. Mr Thomas O'Brien, a much esteemed young gentleman, and of one of the most respectable families in the colony, in travelling across the mountains to Bathurst, was lost this month, August. The horse returned without the rider, and no tidings have since been ascertained of his afflicting destiny. The Royal Veteran Company (the first race of soldiers in Australia) was disembodied, September 24. A poor little girl, named Broadbear, 11 years old, in the service of the Rev Thomas Hassall, Parramatta, burnt to death October 11. Intelligence received by his Majesty's schooner Sally of the Isabella, small craft, having been piratically captured at Port Macquarie by the boat's crew of that settlement, who have not since been heard of, October. Mr George Reibey, an Australian (and one of the most promising young gentlemen in the two colonies), met with an early death in Van Die- men's Land, occasioned by a fall from a tree whilst in the act of fowling on his estate, in the vicinity of Port Dalrymple. He only survived the catastrophe just to hear of a beloved sister's death (Mrs Wills), an amiable young lady, he was in his 23rd year, October 26. The Rev Samuel Marsden returned from a third visit to the New Zealand Church Mission Station on the Dragon, November 30. News of the Brampton's wreck at New Zea- land, ibid. An earthquake felt at Launceston, Port Dal- rymple, Nov 28. Captain Mackay, 48th Regiment, died Dec 2. John Fraser, the second oldest Australian, a settler at Kissing Point, lost his life through venturing to bathe, while in a state of perspiration, Dec 10. 1824. The Sydney Gazette published in the true English style, January 1. La Coquille, French discovery ship, visited our port, January 18. Accounts reached head quarters of the loss, by drowning, of Lieutenant Cuthbertson, of the 48th, and Commandant of Macquarie Harbour, in Van Diemen's Land, January 17. Mr Justice and Mrs Field sailed for Europe, in the Competitor, Feb. 4. The first Chief Justice of New South Wales (Francis Forbes, Esquire) lady, and family, arrived in the Guildford, Captain Johnson, March 5. His Majesty's 48th Regiment, under command of Lieutenant Colonel Cimitiere, embarked for Madras, on board the transports Greenock, Asia, and Sir Godfrey Webster, ibid. Three seamen, belonging to H.M. ship Tees drowned March 11. John Wylde, Esq, Judge Advocate, appointed, by His Excellency Sir Thomas Brisbane, Judge of the Supreme Court, pro tempore, March 23. . The first Attorney General (Sax Bannister, Esq) arrived, ibid. The formal promulgation of His Majesty's New Charter of Justice, for the colony of New South Wales, look place at the Government-house, the Court-house, and the Market place in Sydney, May 17. The Chief Justice took his seat on the Bench, having previously received the oath of office from His Excellency the Governor in Chief, ibid. The Attorney General's Commission read in open Court, ibid. News reached headquarters of the safe arrival at Hobart Town of Colonel Arthur and family, and of his Honor's entering upon the duties of his administration, May 25. The new Supreme Court of Criminal Juris- diction, under the present liberal Charter, com- menced operation, June 10. First stone of the Presbyterian Church laid by his Excellency Sir Thomas Brisbane, in Charlotte Place; July 1. The first Sheriff of New South Wales, under his Majesty's Commission, John Mackaness, Esq., arrived in the Alfred, July 15. Legislative Council, established by Royal Sign Manual, proclaimed, as being in existence, under the hand and seal of the Governor in Chief, Aug. 11. The first Solicitor-General and Commissioner of the Court of Requests (John Stephen Esq.) and family, arrived per the Prince Regent, Aug 1. The first Master in Chancery (John Carter, Esq.) and family, arrived by the Prince Regent, ibid. A series of indiscriminate attacks having been carried on by the black natives in the neighbor- hood of Bathurst for a considerable time, martial law was proclaimed, Aug 14. Five hundred acres of land offered by Govern- ment for the apprehension of Saturday, the black aboriginal ringleader. The first Director-General of all the Public Schools (the Rev Thomas Reddell) appointed, Aug 18. The lady of his Excellency Sir Thomas Bris- bane, K C.B., &c.;, &c.;, &c.;, safely delivered of a son and heir (baptized "Thomas Australia") Aug 24. His Majesty's ship Tamar, Captain Bremer, C.B., sailed for the North-west Coast of Austra- lia, with the intention of founding a new Settlement in the vicinity of Melville Island. The Countess of Harcourt accompanied the Tamar, taking with them a civil and military establishment, stores, &c.;, August 24. The Rev Daniel Tyerman and George Bennett, Esq, the Deputation from the London Missionary Society, visited this colony, Aug 20. The Registrar of the Supreme Court, G. G. Mille, Esq, arrived per the Lang, August 28. Court of Requests commenced Sopt 2. Bills of exchange and promissory notes, payable in dollars, legalised by act of Council, September 29. John Oxley, Esq, the indefatigable Surveyor General, sailed in the Amity brig, with a civil establishment, prisoners, and stores, to plant a new Settlement in the vicinity of Moreton Bay, Sept. Complete set of tobacco machinery imported by the house of T. H. James and Company, October 1. The first Columbian Press arrived for the Gazette Office, ibid. Liberty of the Press bestowed by Sir Thomas Brisbane, Oct. The Australian (weekly newspaper) first pub- lished, October 14. Trial by Jury obtained in the Quarter Sossions Court, October 15. Colonel Thornton, with the Head-quarters of H. M. 40th Regiment arrived in the transport Mangles, Captain Cogill, Ocober 27. The mournful intelligence of the death of our late venerated Governor (General Macquarie), which occurred on the 1st of July in London, arrived per the Mangles, ibid. News reached us, by the same opportunity, of the Act of Parliament, of the Australian Agricul- tural Company on the 21st of June last, com- prising a capital of a million. The first Court of Quarter Sessions held Nov. 1. His Excellency the Governor in Chief, accom- panied by the Chief Justice, Surveyor General, and other gentlemen sailed in the brig Amity, on a tour of inspection to the new settlement in Moreton Day, November 1 — Returned, December 4. 1825. Mr Judge Advocate Wylde sailed for Europe on the Mangles, on the 12th Feb. The first jury empanelled in the Supreme Court in this colony, to dispose of the case "The King against Robert Cooper," our great Austra- lian distiller, and a most indefatigable colonist, and the verdict was given in favor of defendant, Feb 5. The ship Almorah, chartered by the Colonial Government; in a case of pressing exigency, on account of having on her return a few chests of tea on board, with all her cargo of stores, and 100,000 dollars, was seized by the sloop-of-war Slaney, Captain Mitchell, Feb. Mr Edward Riley, of the firm of Riley and Walker, and a Magistrate, shot himself in a state of derangement, Feb 21. The Almorah, in defiance to the Colonial Government, was dispatched off for Calcutta, under charge of a Mr. Matthews, 1st Lieutenant of the Slaney, the Attorney-General having had something like a recontre the day before, March 2. Advices from Melville Island, of the estab- lishment and safety of that distant Dependency, March 5. Howe's Weekly Express, newspaper, published May 2. Colonel Stewart, commanding H.M. 3rd Regi- mont (Buffs) sworn in as Lieutenant Governor of New South Wales, May 3. The first Archdeacon of New South Wales, the Rev. Thomas Hobbes Scott, arrived in the ship Hercules, May 7. News of the death of Mrs Marr in England, the first and oldest shopkeeper in the colony, arrived, May. The Venerable Archdeacon Scott held his primary visitation in the Church of St. James, June 9. The French frigate La Thetis, 44 guns, Com- modore Du Bougainville, and corvette L'Espe- rance; Captain Du Campiere, on discovery, put in to refit, June 30. John Stephen, Esq., Solicitor-General, ap- pointed Assistant Judge in the Supreme ; Court, Aug 17. Henry Grattan Douglass, Esq., took his seat as Clerk of the Legislative Council, Sept 1- Wm. Henry Moore, Esq., appointed his Majesty's first Coroner, or Attorney, in the Supreme Court, Sept 1. Howe's Weekly Express, after reaching its 20th number, gave up the ghost in favour of the elder journal of the colony (the Sydney Gazette) Sept 26. The Sydney Gazette published twice a week, Sept 29. His Excellency Sir Thomas Brisbane and his Honor Chief Justice Forbes, visited the Cascade in the New Country which is about 2800 feet above the level of the sea, Sept. Official advices of the appointment of General Darling to the Government of these colonies arrived; Sept. Trial by Jury and the House of Assembly — these glorious privileges — were strongly and ably advocated in the Sydney Gazette, Sir Thomas Brisbane the Governor, having publicly avowed that the time was come when these Rights should be bestowed by the Mother Country, Oct. Colonel Dumaresq, the brother-in-law of General Darling, arrived from the Isle of France, October 18. (To be Continued.) 