FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 2GHT, 1875. The Government have had a taste of the quality of tlie Opposition, and do not like it. , Sir .Tajiks M'Culeoch has liad recourse to his old had tactics of browbeating his opponents, and has come off second best. There has not been a more stirring scene in the As sembly for some time than that which book place on "Wednesday nightl -Mr Berry opened with a most effective onslaught on the Premier's policy, and his assertions with regard to himself; Sir. Jajies wincing, his supporters taken aback,'and the Opposition emphasising eveiy hit of the speaker with ringing" cheers. No report could give even an ap^ proximate conception of the scene, with the crowded galleries looking on, and every' now and then venturing on sub edited cheers. ; When Mr -Berry sat down the - Government had been much damaged, and so nettled .were'they that they, lost their. heads, and made bad worse by refusing, that' adjournment which after a. long struggle they were compelled 'to concede. It was inti mated that there should be no adjourn ment if the forms of'the House were to be used to force on a dissolution, but it was also intimated that this would be done, and the Government had to eat their own. words. / The struggle has commenced well, and the Government have learnt .that though they have; a '' majority they can be kept at bay; by a resolute ftnd powerful mi nority. This is eminently satisfactory, because it will encourage the Opposi tion to adhere with inflexible tenacity to their purpose of not allowing the financial proposals of the Govern ment to be passed until the consti tuencies have had the opportunity of expressing their opinion with regard to them. The Argus, of course, is wild with rage ; and in its clumsy,- coarse way -belabors the offenders who will not listen to it, and care not a rush kn its vulgar abuse, its frantic denuncia tions, or its- slavish party utterances. If its power were equal to its preten sions; if its. ability to sway public opinion were equal to its preposterous presumption and oracular assumptions, things might be different^—fortunately they are not—and we have not yet come under the dictatorship of a leading journal, though it swells out its dimen sions with all the portentuous folly of the frog in the fable. But it is the right of any individual and of any journal to talk nonsense if that be its natural proclivity, and there is no reason why our contemporary shordd not lie fooled to the top of its Lent. " The business of the country—go on with the business of the country," says the plutocratic Argus. " Yes, go on with the business of the country," say the limited number of small fiy who' hang, on "to the skirts of the suc cessM advertising medium. " Above everything, the business of the country," say the mercenary creatures, who are thankful to find some source of ideas in which they are themselves de ficient. Business of the country! Bah ! The first business of the country con cerns the maintenance of constitutional and representative government, and the prevention of its being over ridden by the exaltation of the prerogative; that is the base of all politics in this country, and all material interests come second, except to the twopenny- halfpenny mind, which can never see an inch ahead. Business of the country, forsooth. If the ship is leaking, and the cargo must £e thrown over, over it goes. "We do not let the ship go down, and so take that patent way of saving the cargo. Business" of the country, caw the poli tical parrots. "Why there is no business, and none is to be proposed this session worth talking about, as they know, who howl at one moment and whiinpeg at another about the business of the country. There is to be a Mining on Private Property Bill. It has been rejected we know not how often by the Council, and, it is well known, will be rejected again. The farce insulting to the Assembly and to the country is to be gone through once more, of allowing the Council to flout the Assembly. This is a hit of the public business of which the Argus has constituted itself the elderly wet-nurse. The Land Act is another of the fragments of the public business and will he composed of some half-dozen clauses. And why should that be passed? Why should any atten tion be given to that with a dissolution close at hand? Some new principles have been advanced upon which the opinion of the constituencies is re quired, and why should that opinion be anticipated when it will so shortly be expressed. Business of the countiy truly is this, and it is not business for the House to intercept the expression of the opinion, of the electors. So much for that portion of the business of; the country in which so deep an interest is all of a sudden taken by persons who never before troubled themselves about arid take^t up now as the only cry that remains with which to help the jumpers of the Treasury benches. And what remains, the. measures for providing more money to meet the , public expen diture. " We want money," say; the political garig, "and you are obstruct ing public business." "The money that is wanted we will assist to grant if a dissolution he promised, and so we are not- obstructive for what you want you can get: if you will assent to the terms,: righteous and necessary terms." And so what becomes of that ghost of a cry, that most impudent of dodges, the business of the country and; the charge of' obstruction. The Mining Bill will not be passed,~cannot be; the-Land'Bill' ought- not to be passed with a dissolution imminent ; and though the new taxes will be put aside that tlic' countiy may first judge tliem, all money thai can be required will be granted- for the public service. The sailor's parrot.was- no hand at talking, but he - was a beggar to think. The Government and all their belong ings reverse the - position, they can't think, hut they are beggars to talk. 