ALWAJ8 TWO CASE. In the Housq of Commons quitereWRtty,:ija,a debate arising out of the Colonel Baker business, SirC. Adderley'said "the Government-had < bo power to compel companies* to set apart carriages for the use of ladies only.' He knewthatiluch carriages were provided, and be also bblieved Wiftt men required protecting in th6 mated* ^Ultte' ks much as women." 1 Sit C. AddcvUy anfc-^tn —myself are quite of the same bpiiiioh. *tt struck me with the force of a i^pult ft^y years ago, and when I explain how, everyone admit I had sufficient reason for arriving at what many will consider a most extraordinary c9^clusion. I kept the thing dark for :piany yea#, because I felt, and feel now, a little $om o» the subject, but I should be wanting in a sense tof public duty if I delayed any longer to -warn all unprotected males, of whatever degree, against the danger of travelling alone in a railway Carriage with a young woman, especially a handsome one. This is whafs the matter: Some years since I was seut up to Echuca to . report some feeble proceedings in that languid locality, for the " daily ' I was engaged on. Having accomplished theotjectof my mission, in due course I found myself, returning home, the sole occupant of a second-class carriage in the up-train from Bendigo to Melbourne. My carriage was one of a fashion now out of date, being a single compartment joined to a goods van, and was admirably , adapted for the carrying out of such a little piebe of charming female artfulness as I am about to describe. I travelled in state, having the carriage all to myself as far as Woodend, at which plaoe a remarkably fine-looking young woman, accompanied by an individual ot the species blown as " sporting," broke the sad reveries of my solitude by taking up a vis-a-vis position on the seat opppsite. We became conversational—it was in the old free and easy times you understand—so much so that I found myself alongside the young woman presently, talking "politics" of course, whilst the elderly, sporting, gin-and-water looking gentleman regarded us both with a sardonic grin. Like a man, and by no means bashful admirer of the sex, I divided my sandwiches, and we had a very merry time of it as we rattled along. In return for some little civility on my part, the young woman declared " it was so nice to travel with such a kind gentleman ; oh dear, what could she do to return the compliment.' Woe is me! I suggested a chaste salute—we had become quite old friends by this time—as a quittance in full, and was somewhat staggered by getting a dozen or so of warmly impetuous 'ones all of A heap, but not the ghost of a blush was there. This, you will say, should have opened my eyes, but who could have any idea of what was to follow ,• and even when the train stopped at the next station, and the " sporting gentleman" left us alone after bestowing a wink of most diabolical meaning upon his gentle and innocept companion, I stillthought everything wa& Vety jolly and laid mvself out for a little Wiling flirtation, but got laid out mvBelf to perfection, as will soon appear. The whistle blew and away We sped again, and a resumption of the jollity took place. We boisterously finished the sandwiches, and emptied my little travelling brandy flask; but I declare I had only one moderate nip—my fair friend took the rest, and took it neat too. is tf she was used to such a small trifle as half a E mt of pale brandy; anyhow it didn't seem to aveany effect upon her, not a bit Theh ^e got very confidential; I promised to visit he tup in collingwpod somewhere, and get introduced to her "old motherher sulphurous old'father would have been neaTep the mark. As she diatft know the size, she gave me her pretty batid^o take the measure of for the gloves I waB'to larfiig idong with me to OoUingwood when I visited her confounded "old,mother,"and I kept posamsicin of it, because I could not Jake the meaw» all of a minute, of course; how could I ? By and bye she produced a pack of cards, and proposed a game or two for rather high states asl thought, but hs I do not play cards, and doUot know ihe ace of clubs from a threshing •machine, 'n'bthing came of this little move, although she offered ^ teach me. This I declined, being at lae^awake to the true character of my canl-shai-pijig ,female chagrined, companion. •!I)P(1 6he RKO Evidently suffered cnftViwJ jlUpnointed U^*" an ii.L njul i ' mucii " immediately sprang up between us as a inatterof andlor thp uext few miles we travelled .in uu,v WH LUL- interview terminated,after' the expected turn afliiire had taken." WheuWwere about mid-way between the last : -statioii and' 'fte next my lair friend inquired how long : it!wb\ild be before we got there. , I consulted ihy watbh and the time-book, and ireplying .in *vVdy haughty and distant manner Ibid; ."about ope e e n " H uevei- ueara jn my lit fore—fo lowing it up byhowls of ft moet alahnittg and hysterical character,' imixed with' such ietaUmatjoUs as "get out; hoW dare' you ! Ueavfe! me t T L t ! # ^Wy.conie,", andp^taKtfs i em- wiw maa,. really : and riiv em "fe 4 ?^"H™ ^tiipUtfeWhen 1 W W T i u arid!-could hfckr tfie'shout^of t h e " ^ ^ ^ . 6Bl l ®j r ! -'cartilages lab i thfeV i vainly f ^fldW K»red to gon) eomeJdga ab, to.-«^hatl was .(feufe f ; *r dualin Uie next vehicle aimed at my head, with a curse at the niiss; yfaiUt all along the train ^ P ^ F cowing but, shaking fists and sticks at me, and threatening dreadful proceed- \- Wgs. when weshouldget to the next station, as the news spread along the line that the outcry ^POceeaejlYrom a "young lady*'shut up alone Wth a young hiati in 6ne of the carrinces. I endeavored to explain matters in a ehouty, pantojMmto ^mer, tendered necessary by the noise or the tram, and tried to convey the information mat l was at the mercy of a lunatic, at the inuninentriek of my lite ; but I think I only made "matters w«we, especially when I found myself seued by the Bcruff of the neck, like a kitten, dragged violently back, and pegged securely down into the corner of the seat by the " madwoman." Although but a little fellow, I struggle! man- , Julfrt wasttt going to be butchered without a .ikick or two you may depend, but she was as big and strong as a dray horse, and I couldn't rise irom her clutches or help myself one little bit. in the scuffle my clothes were very much torn, evary button was wrenched oiT my waistcoat, and my insane opponent had also touried herself to a great extent Her hair—and fine hair it was too, and plenty of it—got loose and hung in rumpled disordered kinks about her shoulder, and the smart little dandy collar got slewed round and was hanging from one button in a very suggestive manner, besides many other little "discrepancies." bhe Iookesd every inch a flushed, rompish, handoowe Wwdy. Still keeping hold of mv collar in a throttling grasp, she began screaming again, giving another dose of the " oh, oh, won't nobody come!" which caused a revival of the warning and deterring shouts from outside. I could hear some one tiymg to get out of a window for the purpose of making his way along the step-board to the den ot infamy containing your tumble servant, but whether he thought better of it, or could not cross the gap between the carriages, I • doh't know ; anyhowlie didn't come. It is not everyone who has nerve enough to travel along .the outside of a railway carriage when at speed, and no doubt my companion knew this. But, notwithstanding, the warning shouts and threats continued, and! instinctively felt that the passengers, one and all, were leaning out of the windows gazing and gesticulating wildly in our direction, endnodoubt fanning dreadful conjec tires as to " what was the matter" most damaging to my prospects of future bodily comfort. Tor several minutes we had ceased to struggle, my lovely partner adding a little more liveliness to •the proceedings by a few prolonged yowls agonising enough to galvanise a mummy back into life. J eat paralyzed, not knowing what to do, for she resisted eveiy , effort I made to get away through the' window, and, as I said before, she was as strong as colonial bacon, while I am but a mite of a man, as men go: Suddenly the whistle blew, and the rapidly-decreasing speed announced our approach to the station. In a minute the female demon became calm, and with an astoundingchange of manner gave a clue to the meaning of it all by asking what I was going to give her to square it. " If you don't, datun me"—-these were her wo>x1b—damn me, I'll swear it against you." A light broke U)>on me ; I could see a method in this " madness," a well-laid and well carried 'out plan, no doubt. Disgusted, angry, aud indignant, I replied, Woman, nothing! Crash me 'ueath the Juggernaut car of injured innocence, condemn me to the exhausting toils of the Civil Service, make me an inspector of nuisances in an Irish quarter or a policeman in a locality infested by road metal and the playful larrikin, as you will, but Hota red cent, madam ; not a red cent." "Oh, yes you will," she said; " it's a banging matter, you know"—as it was in thosedays I believe—" don't be a fool." she continued, a and you've only got five minutes to make your mind up in; now then, how much ?" she impatiently; repeated, as the whistle blew again. What could I do ? I rapidly summed up the probabilities of the case, but look at it how I would, it was dead against me. A plain statement of the case on my part would, I knew, in the public opinion of those days, before recent exposures had thrown a little light on the subject, have been regarded as ,eo much greater aggrava- tion of the offence. ! My best course, undoubtedly, wta to " square it,'' particularly as I would rather give up all I liad about,me than have my name dragged before the public in such a hideous shape, to say nothing of the annoyance and the banter of my "friends," even if the charge resulted in an honorable acquittal, which, taking the circumstances into consideration, was, to say. the least, doubtful. : 1 intimated as inuch to the fair extortionist, add told her to take all—everything ; only " square" the business, that was all I asked. Xowft will hardly be credited that she plunged both her hands into my pockets, searched, aiid —robbed me with all the practised adroit liess of a London pickpocket, but she did. She took all the money I had about ine—four pounds in gold, fifteen shillings and tenpehce in silver; did not even leave me the tenpence. She took jny^atch aud chain, studs, every handy thing of value, .as well as my railway ticket, which happened to be a return, because I anticipated going Ijack the flame day, finally winding up the matter by making me.open my " porkinanky," as she JUl^UL WUUUU , uuu.ua U UUUUIUUUUL UUL uuvin it sworn against me " I was to get out at the next statipu /atid i}ptattei>iut to remove my property, yhich ehe carefully placed back under the seat, so ihafc i could 'riot charge her with having my, effects'in Tier 'possession if my explanation was' listeneditbi^Hy'tbSs'tiuie the train was just on the point of stopping, so she sank in the . corner in a fainty, hysterical, ; overcome manner, as if exhau8ted, r by the desperate struggles she had inade tb' i proserV(3 hbr ''unsullied, virtue," Oh, she !ffas..a in%n?ftcent'actWite; ehe^Wft-Mve made Aj&rtuuiJ; oa the boards: ini a .more.creditable planner ,thflp bysuch wholesale highway robbery as ibisj'and not the first'time eithb, to judge by the perfection of detail with which it was carried out. Directly the train stopped I could hear the excited exclamations of the passengers, aud a mob speedily gathered around my torture chamber intent on summary justice. A severe-looking official plucked open the door, and I was ai quickly plucked out on to the platform by the same hand, violently shaken up, threateningly interrogated, and, as I could plainly see, tried, judged, aud condemned before one single individual of the crowd knew one single item of the truth. To oil inquiries of the loudly sympathising bystanders the collapsed fainting* figure in the comer answered not a word. She wept copiously and wrung her hands in a dreadfully significant manner, entreating everybody to "take him away, he's a bad man ; there ain't been nothing done; oh, dear, whore's mother," and so on. It was taken for granted that a dreadful outrage had been attempted, but successfully resisted ; also, that the noble defender of her own unprotected honor shrank from the pain of having her maidenly ieelings shocked and prospects ldighted by a damaging publicity. "Oh, dear, there ain't been nothing done, there ain't indeed," she kept on hysterically repeating, and to all pressing entreaties to give me in chaise that was all she said—"Oh. dear, there ain't been nothing done." Some of the crowd talked of locking me up and compelling the young woman to prosecute, but as the policeman remarked when ordered to do so by a hundred voices, " Why as the vouug woman says there hasn't been anything done, and she won't lay a charge, I don't see what I can do," and he regarded the "young woman" with a verv doubtful expression on his face, as if he was not quite sure but fancied he had seen her before " somewhere." He tilted his shinv hat over one eye in order to thoughtfully and slowly nib the back of his head to quicken hips recollection, but he was puzzled and eaid nothing, finally, as it seemed, giving the prisoner—that's me—the benefit of the doubt And I could see that I had another friend—my beaming compatriot the porter, who assisted the statiomnaster to drag forth the loathsome monster I was universally" with these two exceptions, set down as. He looked doubtful too, and in a tone of jeeriii" mockery asked theyouiig woman "why she didn't put me in her pocket, or wring my blessed neck, if I was in any way outragis." But the light faded at last from the countenance of my only outspoken supporter—"'ere, how's this, you hain t got no ticket ?" adding as his unbiassed opinion that " the man who would travel if he could without a ticket would do anytkink—anythink at all." This told greatly in my disfavor, and an individual of pugilistic tendencies, iufu- Tiated to the last degree to think that I should escape the just reward of my iniquities after all, made a dig at my head with a fist nearly as big as a Dutch cheese. The blow was fortunately diverted from its course by the tirnelv interference of the policeman, otherwise I firmly believe it would have literally knocked my head off, as iny assailant said he meant it should do. Nevertheless his arm shot with vindictive force through my bell-topper hat like a bullet fired at a boiled turnip. At last the bell sounded, and I was freed from the dangerous pressure of the crowd, as they had to relinquish the pleasure of venting their abusive indignation upon my unfortunate head, or else lose their passage ; so after one more final entreaty of the young woman to prosecute the " wretch"—which she positively refused to do, as " there ain't been nothing done"—I was left in the sole custody of the police to answer the charge of riding without a ticket Just before the train started I noticed two gentlemen get into the compartmeut I had travelled in for the purpose of protecting the " grossly insulted respectable female " from further abuse during the continuance of the journey, and I should imagine she needed it, for she mu6t have been pretty well drunk by this time, as I saw as much brandy and water as would amount in the aggregate, I dare say, to a gallon and a halt conveyed by tenderly assiduous sympathisers to sustain her feeble fainting form under such trying circumstances. And the condolences that were lavished upon that female pirate were fulsome, her bravery was praised, whilst the modesty which prevented her from prosecuting was applauded also, but mildly condemned in a sympathising aud half-approving manner. It was quite a relief to me when I saw her go off in the train under convoy, although she had all my stolen goods in her possessionbad luck to her. To make it pleasauter for me, some nincompoop who got it on hearsay sent down to the Melbourne Blazer (my paper) a most distorted account of the occurrence, and described me as a "ruffian" who bore on his gaol-bird features the malignant expression of a baffled infamous purpose. "This wretch," said the writer of that nice little effusion, " has escaped, but he will go to his foul haunts pursued by the execrations of all right-minded men."— E. B 