CHAPMB Y.. ' AT THE WINDOW-THK *OAD HOME. : The dancing was over at last, and the com* ptuiy had left the room. 'A long and weary night it bad been for the two players, though a stimalhted interest had hindered physical exhaustion in one of. them for a while. With tingling fingers and aohing arms they came ont of the alcove, into tbe long ana i deserted apartment, now pervaded by a dry haze. The lights had burot low,, and Faith I and her brother were wailing by. request till 1 the waggonette was ready to take them J home, a breakfast being in course of prepara tion for them meanwhile. Christopher had crossed the room to relieve his cramped limbs, and now; peeping through a crevice in the window-blind, he said sud denly, "Who's for,a.transformation-scene t Faith, look here-open Besame 1" He touched the'blind, up it flew, and a gorgeous scene presented itself to her eyes. A huge inflamed Bun was breasting the horizon of a wide sheet of sea, which, to her . surprise and deligbt, the mansion overlooked. ; The brilliant disc fired all the waves that lay between it and the shore at, the bottom of the grounds, where the water tossed the ruddy light from one undulation to another in glares as large and dear as mirrors, in cessantly altering them, destroying them, and creating them again ; while further off they multiplied, thickened, and ran into one another like struggling arftiies till they met the source of them alL .. i" Oh, how wonderful it is!" said Faith, patting her hand on Christopher's arm. "Who knew that whilst we'-were all shut in here with our puny illumination such an ex hibition as this waa going on outside! How sorry and mean the grand and stately room looks now!" ' Christopher turned hisbacki upon the . window, and there were the hitherto beam ing candle-flames shining no more radiantly' than tarnished javelin-heads, while the snow white lengths of wax showed, themselves clammy and cadaverous as. the fingers of. a woman who does nothing. The leaves and flowers which had appeared «o very green and blooming bv the artificial light were how seen to be faded and dusty. Only the gilding of the room in some degree brought itself into keeping with the' splendours outside, stray darts of light seizing upon it ana lengthening themselves ont , along fillet, quirk, arris, and mouldihg till waited away. ''It seems," said Faith, "as if ail the people who were lately so merry here had died; we outtelves look no more than ghosts." She turned up her weary face to her brother'*, which the incoming rays smote aslant, making little farrows of every pore thereon, and shady ravines of every little furrow. "You are very tired,: Faith," he said. " Such a heavy night's work has been almoet too much for you/' " Oh, I don't mind that,"said Faith. " But I oould not have played so long by myself." "We filled np one another's gaps; and there were plenty of them towards the morn ing ; but luckily people don't notice those things when the small hows draw on." " What troubles me most," said Faith, "is not that ! have worked, but that you should be so situatedas to need such miserable assistance as mine. We are poor, are we not, Kit?" " Yea, we know a little abont poverty," he replied, in as cheerfala tone as could be given to the opinion by one who had been made to simmer so p&infnlly; over the'fins of that affliction as had; he. While thus lingering " In shadowy thoroughfeucs ot thought," Faith interrupted wifc^ " I believe there is one of the dancers now!-why, t should have thought they had all gone to bed, and wouldn't get up again for days." She indi cated to him a figure on thB lawn towards the .left, looking upon, the same flashing scene as , that they themselves beheld. " It is your own particolarone," continued Faith. Yes, I see the blue flowers under the edge of her cloak." '" And I see her squirrel-coloured hair," said Christopher. Both stood looking at this apparition, who once, and only, once, thought fit to torn her head towards the front of the house they were looking from. Faith was one in whom the meditative somewhat-overpowered the active faculties; tyhe went on,' with no abundance of love,' to theorise Opon! this .gratuitously charming woman, who, atrikiiig freakishly into her brother's path, seemed likely to do htm np good in tor; eiStfcrly estimation. Ethelherta'8 .bright ahd>eluipely form stood before hermticnow, amarte&ed; by the motes of sunlight from headto bed : wfcat Faith irpBld have given toaeehereo: clearly ?'PWD'I 1 taxi tijj -. " <. . '^Without doubt aha : thiany experiences," ahet ;-'"iAnd.oa the waytovtaao*man," said Christopher ; mrl^«lornte^akDgether a ' romance purioosly hmUt fufc andfttted ont ,with circuipBtenoe, oriti^aadicktutrophe, In tjhe regular way -py naja a feasibly written ; even now as one tobe nrfa wrought in with fMT The tone,was just«lftthetSnd whloh may be imagined of *.aombreaian who bad been up all night piptafthatothers might danoe. . > m* i-ummu i.<-?: '- ?? . " Faith parted per llii ii If 1ft otnutematton at poribmOes. Etftlberte, i h^ag already become aninfloenoe toCMWepls^esistie^ might soon become more-^indeetmctible fascMtion-to drag hica. abont, torn his eoul inside out, IwmuAllM^andbiliHv wise tonaaent.hlm, vMO«Bii«g: tQ the stereo typed form of B^th jBonwiffc - " Never 1" . , . * - "^quiver mean?" said _ din poetically Eanaiaa-in fact, ? «peohigo( a vp to 'This la for row, I believe,, air^he laid. "Two guineas and he plaoed the nonar in Chris toph$rVhai&",£k>m» braakfaatwUl be mdi fotiou in «wmeat if ton Uk« to halt it. Would you wish It brought in here, or will you come to the steward's room!" ; . i "Tee, we will come." And the man then begtai to extinguishthe lights oneby one. Christopher droppedthetwo pounds andt wo ttUhnm singly into his pocket, and looking listlessly at die footman, said, Can yoa ttiu 2S. Ss SSf5E£g&^Sf0,1 ^u' ? ^ She wore ft dress with blueflowers," said " Anil remarkable bright iti her manner ? Oh' that's the young widow, Mrs.-whafe that name-I forget for the moment" " Widow said Chmtopher, the eves of his understanding getting wonderfully r.h>fti and Faith uttering a private ejaculation of thanks that after all no commandments were likely to be broken in this matter. " The lady 1 mean is quite a girlish tort of woman." " Yes, yes, so she' "is-that's the one. Coachman says Bhe must have been born a widow, ior there is not time for her ever to have been made one. However, she's not quite such a chicken as all that. Mrs. Pether win, that's the patty's name." " Does she live here 1" ' " No, she' is staying in the house visiting for a few days with her mother- in-law. They are a London family; I don't know her address." ?? "Is she a poetess?" " That I cannot say. She is very clever at verses ; but she don't lean over gates to see the sun, and goes to church as regular as you or I, so I should hardly be inclined to say that she's the complete thing. When she's up in one of her vagaries she'll sit with the laidies and make np verses out of her head as fast as sticks a-breaking. They will run off her tongue like cotton from a reel, and if she canever begotinthemindof telling a story, she will bring it out that serious and awful that it makes your flesh creep upon your bones; if she's only got to say that she walked out of one door into another, she'll tell it so that there seems something wonderful in it. 'Tis a bother to start her, so our people say be hind her back, but once set going the house is all alive with her. However, it will soon be dull enough: she and Lady Petherwin are off to-morrow for Kookington, where I be lieve they are going to stay over New Year's' Day." " Where do you say they are going ?" in quired Christopher, as they followed the foot tnan. " Rookington-park, about three miles out of Sandboume, in the opposite direction to this." "A widow," Christopher murmured. Faith overheard him. "That makes no difference to us, does it!" Bhe said wist fully. Forty minutes later they were driving along an open road over a ridge which commanded & view of a small inlet below them, the sands of this nook being sheltered by white cliffs. Here at once they saw, in the fall light of the sun, two women standing side by side, their faces directed over the sea. "There she is againT'said Faith. "She has walked along the shore from the lawn where we saw her before." "Yes," said the coachman, "she's a curious woman seemingly. She'll talk to any poor body she meets. You see she has been out for a morning walk instead of going to bed, and that is some queer mortal or other she has picked up with on her way." "I wonder ane does not prefer some rest," Faith observed. The road then dropped into a hollow, and the women by the sea were no longer within, view from the carriage, which rapidly neared Sanbourne with the two musicians. 