The Sketcher. John Renton. A ROMANCE OF THE SOUTH SEAS. VI. IT was not altogether in such peaceful avocations as were described in our last issue that Renton's existence was spent. The placid tenor of such a life was frequently interrupted by more stirring iucidents. To all intents and purposes Ronton had become to the savages as one of themselves. He accompanied them on their trading voyages in their canoes, visited with them friendly villages, and even iu times of peace penetrated with them to the settle ments of bush tribes, where at first he was still regarded aa a sort of curiosity, a feeling which luckily found expression in moat cases in his being made much of and offered the best of everything, especially in the way of eating. In like manuer he took part in the feuda of his tribe and accompanied them on more sanguinary ex peditions. Among these people, separated as they are into countless tribes or communities, peace waa a very uncertain commodity. Every action of their lives was pervaded by their superstitions, and in no faith is the doctrine of th* atonement of blood more prominently held or mora practically carried out. Very trifling circumstances might involve what, according to their beliefs, were awful and serious effects. Their gods were understood to concern them selves with every action of their lives, and a forcible part of their creed seems to have been that these deities were jealous gods. If offended the gods were not to be appeased except by the death of some one, not necessarily, however, the offender himself. The idea of vicarious sacrifice was a natural outcome of these ideas. A man might find himself the subject of divine dis pleasure through no fault of his own. In case of petty squabbles, men had an awkward habit of cursing one another, that is so say, invoking the hatred of the gods upon the person cursed. This luckless individual conceived himself there upon to be in a critical situation. Unless he could avert the influences thus called down upon him he regarded himself as doomed to destruc tion. A life—his life—had been devoted to the gods and they would by no means relinquish so sweet an offering. But fortunately they were not particular, another man's life would satisfy them and remove the curse. Under such circumstances, therefore, the banned man would appeal to his friends, to his tribe, to asaist him in finding and putting to death a saviour. The appeal was never in vain, and the warriors of the village would take to the canoes and set out on an expedition for no other purpose than to kill somebody, and thus relieve their comrade of the celestial displeasure. Retaliations would, of course, follow the success of their mission, and an active war would speedily be raging between them and some other tribe of which a member had been surprised and slaughtered. This, it must be admitted, was a superstition sufficiently calculated to make, singly, life in the island passably lively and exciting, but at least it had the advantage of arising from a pre ventive and well understood cause. A second superstition is still more cheerful At their meals these savages are most particular to clear up every particle of the fragments of their food. It is an understood thing among them that should any secret enemy, any false friend, manage to obtain possession of the minutest crumb of the food of which they had partaken, of a hair of their head, or a paring of their nails, ha held them in his power. Armed with this minute article he could privately present himself before the grinning gods in his hut, and casting before them on the sacred space the article, speak the name of the person he desired to injure and invoke evil fat* for him. These occult practices are extremely interesting on account of their similarity to the reputed tricks of magicians and witches a few centuries ago in Europe. The inevitable result of these practices waa the destruction of the person against whom they were aimed. He was certain to die. He might linger a few days in a rapid decline, but more frequently he would be smitten with unspeakable tortures, go raving mad, and be a corpse in a few hours. On the occurrence of such a catastrophe a new actor would make his appearance on the scene. The relatives of the deceased would, with as little delay as possible, address themselves to a powerful magician, of which class a few are to be found in every part of the island. This sage, after proper satisfaction had been given him m the matter of remuneration— and he would charge extremely heavily—would come to the spot where the tragedy had occurred, and institute some mysterious ceremonies in presence of the gods. These ceremonies in volved of course the usual accompaniment of roast pig. Ronton's knowledge of the details of such proceedings is limited to what he himself waa told by others, and is somewhat cloudy. He found it prudent to keep in the background on such occaaiona, as it was intimated to him that there were some things too sacred for vulgar eyes, aa he had shown some disposition to hold the religious principles and doctrines of the islanders in light esteem, his enquiries were never fully satisfied on this particular point Some things he was instructed were above reason, and must be understood by faith, and it is a circumstance worthy of comment that he professed a distinct belief in the reality of the effects of the necromantic processes in question, while he spoke somewhat slightingly of all the other superstitions which he had been afforded oppor tunities of fairly examining into. What might be nature of the rites celebrated by the wierd necromancer must consequently be left to the imagination. While they were in progress, which was invariably at dead of night, the friends of the deceased remained in awe-struck attendance, while the wizard hovered around the corpse, doing something with occult sub stances which he carried about him—some South Sea substitutes, no doubt, for the " tongue of newt and toe of frog," and other obscene matters approved by the witches in " Macbeth." The exercise of the wizard's powers resulted, at a certain stage, in a singular light issuing from the head of the corpse, rising above it, and Boating and dickering in th* air. After a while it made its wavering way out of the hut, and flitted away through the village and out over the water, increasing in magnitude till it assumed the brightness and semblance almost of a star. As it quitted the body and flitted through the village, the watchers silentiy followed it, em- barking in their canoes, and grimly paddling after it into the darkness of tbe night. Where ever the light might go, thither they would follow, preserving all the time perfect silence. It might take them to a village miles away, or it might circle round and bring them back to the very hut they had started from, but in any case it would settle at last on the roof whioh sheltered the criminal. Arrived there, its form would again alter, and it would spread and swell till the whole hut roof would appear as if throwing off tongues of pale and livid fire. The avengers would await the conclusion, coming noiselessly as near as possible ; and before long the supernatural presence would affeot the sleeper, who would be heard to moan and cry out in his sleep, oppressed with a nameless terror, bathed in sweat, the hair of his flesh arising, and sometimes awaking with a start to rush out and bury himself in the bush, or fling himself into the sea, as if chased by some horrible thing. Whatever might at that moment be his fate, the avengers would perhaps return to their homes as, silently as they had quitted them. The man's fate was none the less decided. He must die 1 And thus another war would originate. We do not propose to enter into speculation as to the amount of facts contained in this narration, or the foundation for so extraordinary a supersti tion. Ronton himself did not profess to describe it from observation, but merely to repeat the accounts he received from natives. Of the existence of the superstition, pretty much in the form in which he has given it, we have no doubt. Although Ronton is an intelligent and smart young fellow, we do not credit him with capacity to invent so wierd a story. Among communities which gave acceptance to superstitions bo ticklish in their nature, it is apparent that constant feuds must unavoidably break out. A little impulsive cursing might at any time cause the individual banned to feel under a necessity to take somebody's life, and the slaughter of a member of another tribe— and a stranger would for obvious reasons be sacrificed—would at once involve entire villages in open war. It was well for Renton that he had time to become fairly naturalised among his captors before any troubles arose, as the conveni ence of knocking a friendless stranger on the head, in place of undertaking a perilous expedi tion in search of a native victim, and of having afterwards to sustain the reprisals of his kindred, would undoubtedly have been too tempting to be withstood. As it was, he chanced to fall into tbe islanders during "piping times of peace." He early formed an idea, however, as to the ordinary condition of affairs. The village where he lived was surrounded by a ruinous and decayed breastwork of logs, the remaining tokens of a Homeric siege which his entertainers had under gone. What was the original cause, " the dire ful spring," of the "woes unnumbered" which fell upon this South Sea Troy he unluckily did not gather. Some trifling matter became aggra vated by reprisals, till the inhabitants of this particular village found themselves threatened with the combined attack of an overwhelming force of other natives. They had, however, suffi cient warning to enable them to prepare for re sistance, and worked desperately cutting logs .nd rafting them from the mainland to their village, and erecting the solid and lofty breastwork which still remains in places to testify to their labors. They had their wooden rampart com pleted in good time, and shortly after its com pletion their foes, ia countless canoes, swooped down upon them. The breastwork served its purpose by preventing the assailants from taking advantage of their superiority in numbers and storming the village. According to the story, they did try to break through the weaker parts of the defences once or twice, but were repulsed, some very pretty fighting taking place on those occasions. Foiled in this direction, they did just what any European army would probably have done under similar circumstances. They invested the place, and settled down to all the formalities of a regular siege and blockade. The besieged found this rather a serious matter. They were cut off from their water supply, and in default of fishing and trading became rapidly impo verished, especially as they had to consume their national wealth in the form of pigs. At first, some desperate expeditions by night managed to slip through the circle of blockading canoes and bring back supplies of water in the same way ; but " forlorn-hopes" of this descrip tion became such desperate service, and the besiegers became so watchful, that they had to be discontinued. When every cocoanut had been drained of its juice, and death by thirst and starvation stared these Tro jans in the face, they at length deigned to treat with a view to peace. Capitulation they do not appear to have entertained the idea of, probably because the result of capitulation would be wholesale slaughter on the Old Testament plan. However, they were successful in obtain ing terms by surrendering to the enemy the persons of one or two individuals who had been prominent in the troubles which originated the war. With these expiatory offerings the besieg ing allies were content, and forthwith raised the blockade and returned to their homes. This struggle was remarkable chiefly on account of the duration of the resistance offered and of the extent of the forces engaged. Renton's acquaintance with this sort of busi ness was not fated to be gained from hearsay only. He took part with his tribe in various warlike expeditions and affrays. On one occasion the inhabitants of a sea-surrounded village at some distance had given his friends some grievous offence. Their fault waa declared past forgive ness, especially as it was considered that the gods had by the same matter, whatever it was, been insulted ; from which it would appear that these savages are as ready as civilised people to discover that anyone who does anything dis tasteful to them at the same time certainly insults Providence. A sudden raid against the offending village was consequently determined on, and just before dawn one morning the war canoes arrived off its margin, and glided noise* lesaly to land ; when, before a single sleeper had stirred, the whole body, with Ren ton among them, buret into the village like a legion of devils. The unhappy wretches thus surprised had not a ghost of a chance either to resist or to escape. Their canoes had been cut adrift and removed just before tbe assault ; as fast as they rushed out of their huts they were clubbed, speared, or shot with arrows, and in a few minutes the adult males of the village wero exterminated. One warrior, Ronton remembers, by desperate courage and singular good fortune, ran the gauntlet of a hundred blows aimed ut him as he emerged from his hut and dashed towards the water. He gained the margin, and plunged iv till he stood up to his shoulders in water, facing bis pursuers, and diverting with the bow he held in his hand the arrows which were shot and the spears which were launched at bis head. So desperate was his aspect, that although twenty pursuers had dashed in after him, he held them at defiance and stood at bay, none daring to attack him hand to hand and face to face. At last, however, his fate came. A cunning warrior had unobserved swum out, and now silently came behind him with spear poised ready to strike. One moment he was glaring in bold defiance of the overwhelming array he faced—the next the treaoherous blow had struck him where the skull joins tbe neck; his head fell forward, his nostrils gurgled a moment under water, and then his corpse floated on the sea and was triumphantly seized by two score eager hands. The slain were beheaded, and the gory spoils collected to grace the victors' triumphal return. As to the fate of tbe women and chil dren Ronton was not explicit, and we did not press for particulars which he seemed reluctant to give. The reader may consequently indulge his imagination as to how a number of helpless females and infants were likely to be dealt with after the destruction of their protectors and bread-winners. Something in the Scriptural fashion, we presume, in which the Israelites, under Divine instruction and sanction, disposed of similar embarrassments, so that in that respect missionaries to teach these savages their Bibles would be unnecessary. Another expedition in which Ronton took part was round to the other side of the island against a tribe who bad their habitations on the main bland, close to the beach. This raid was not quite so " successful" as the previous one. The time of arrival off the scene of action had not been so judiciously arranged, and the threatened tribe saw the gallant warriors approaching, and incontinently fled into the interior. Baulked of their prey, the invaders made the best of their disappointment by setting fire to the abandoned huts, and, as is the manner of gallant warriors of all nations, in effecting a reasonable amount of loss and suffering where they wore unable to murder. As they bustled about in the enjoy ment of this occupation, they were disagreeably interrupted on a sudden by a rapid succession of arrows falling among them, discharged by a single hero, who from the margin of the bush thus resented their proceedings. According to Renton, this solitary patriot was in a state of mind much akin to the Malay a-muck ; that ia to say, excited to a point approaching mania, and utterly regardless of his own life. At any rate, he continued to shower his shafts on the men who were engaged in destroying his beloved home, regardless of the fact that a strong detach ment of skirmishers had been detailed and were rapidly cutting off his retreat, and approaching him from behind, dosing their ranks as they neared him. He continued wildly to shoot his arrows, even when his enemies closed upon him, and was fitting another shaft to the string when a dozen weapons simultaneously crashed upon his skull, or were plunged into bis body. A few moments more and his carcass was mangled in a fearful manner, every raw lad on his first war expedition being eager to flesh his maiden weapons, in order that on his return he might boast in the village how he had struck a mighty man of war. Ultimately the headless carcass was heaved high in air on the points of a score of spears, and flung upon the blazing roof of the hut, the destruction of which its life had been thrown away to revenge. In recounting these exploits, Renton, so re cently removed from native influences and savage ideas, could not help warming up a bit, and his E'ckened utterance and flashing eyes showed t he had not yet dissociated the recollections n a sentiment of glory and distinction. 