DOUBLE EXECUTION AT PARIS. The doable exccutiou of Moreau and Boudo3 had been so often announced a imminent, and the crowd bad been so often disappointed, that there were fewer people present out on the Place do la Requeue on Tuesday morning than might have been expected. A detachment of 150 men of the Garde do Ports ar rived on the Place at three o'clock in tho morning. Soon after, a cart, with the framework of the guillo tine and M. Rocb, the executioner, accompanied by his two assistants, appeared. The Garde do Paris formed three sides of a square round thu fatal instru- proacbing, and the figures of M. Hoch and his assist ants could only be dimly distinguished flitting about in their ghost-like white blouses. As piece by piece they erected tho guillotine, not n word was to be heard. When all was completed M. Roch was seen to make a careful inspection of the guillotine by the light of a band lantern. This done, he caused the knife to fail two or three times in order to assure himself that ovciything. was in good working order. Then the executioner, accompanied by M. Claude, the head of the dotcctivc department, and Abbe Crozes, the chaplain uf the prison, proceeded to Moreau's, the. wife-poisoner's cell, to inform the doomed man that his last hour had come. Moreau was sleeping calmly when 'the. fatal ortege entered his cell. Ho received tho terrible announcement very quietly, and when asked by the Commissary of Police whether he hnd any statement to make, he merely replied that he was innocent. jfe was left alone with the prie.stfur.five or six minutes, nnd then the horrible operation known as the "toilette" be gan. This consists in cutting away tho hair from the back of the prisoner's head and neck, as well as part of the upper garments, In order that the knife tuny have free piny. During this operation Moreau did not qttcr a single word. Only .when his legs were being shackled he remarked, "(Surely this to useless." At a quarter to l» the prison "gutcs opened, and Moreau appeared in tho presence of the crowd, lie seemed fo. walk Ytrystendily/I -.with- head atw-i, mid wlth'aiifoltering tups. Ills extraordinary jiaieucss was much remarked. When he reachcd/ibc guillo tine, he looked round at the crowd, and exclaimed, " Messieurs, I die innocent." These words were dis tinctly heard all over the Plnno dc 1a Roquctte. The next moment M. Roch seized Moreau, pushed him forward on tho plank, the knife fell, and all was over. The moment Moreau's head and body hail fallen into tho basket of sawdust prepared for them, M. Koch's assistants set to work to wash the guillotine of the blood with which it was stained, in order that the next- sufferer might not see that an execution bad already taken place. Whilst Moreau was being led to death, Boudas was being prepared for execution. When his cell was entered by M. Claude and the executioners, ho was "found wide awake, talking eagerly with the warders, and he hod been awoke by the noise in Moreau's cell, and was in a state of tbc most intense anxiety, still hoping apjmrently to be reprieved. On being told that he was to die, lie re plied, " Here I am ; 1 am ready." He then protested his innocence, and declared that his execution was a crime against justice. He walked quietly, though hardly so sternly ns Moreau, but without support, to the guillotine. There he kissed the accompanying priest, and handed himself over to the executioner without uttering a word. M. Roch was by no means adroit in placing the unfortunate Boudas on the plank, as he bad to readjust him during a space of several seconds,' which seemed horribly long to the bystander. At last the . knife fell, and the second criminal's head dropped iqto thu basket. There was only ten miuutcsintcrval'between the two executions. Every person who knows'Birminghnm lias heard of tbo Little Sisters of tbc Poor. It is a matter of com mon notoriety how they support 100 aged people— the lioorcst of the poor — without reference to creed or nationality ; how for the means of doing this they beg from door to door, and never miss tbe chance of obtaning a meal, or what will purchase one, for the aged aud infirm recipients of their benefactions. It seems that two of the Freneh sisters— -themsclvca ladies, of distinction, though living on the tame humble fare as their poor people — appealed ''to the reverend mother to' allow them to solicit alms from the Prince of Wales on his recentytoit to Birming ham; With a' letter from tho superior they trudged to Packington, and sent their letter to the prince. At first his royal highness urged the many pre ying claims he had upon him, and the sisters, weary and dis appointed. were about to leave the hall, when his royal highness sent for thcui back to his presence, and finding they were French, lie conversed with them freely in their own longimgo for come Ume, making numerous inquiries concerning their in stitution and the manner in which it wa supported, and ultimately gave tborn a £6-note, with which they went away rejoicing. 