WEATHER AND CltOPS. The premature heat that carnc upon us so suddenly last week, after five or six days' continuance, was succeeded by seasonable 'weather, which the contrast rendered sensibly | cooler than the temperature usual at this period of the year, j The extraordinary warmth, however, lasted long enough to i rouse up dormant vegetation, which has assumed the aspect ?f an early spring growth. On Wednesday, in the metro politan district, the weather moderated to the mild average j «f August. Notwithstanding these changes, no rain has j fallen. The soil, though not parched, would be better j fitted for the coming demands upon it by all kinds of cult.i vation if it received more moisture. Gardens, orelinnds, ! and pastures exhibit a dryness scarcely encouraging the j lope of future luxuriance. Young field crops, too, will soon require rain to give them strength and substance. ! The Bridgman's correspondent of the Mrtitlaiid Mercury. 19th instant, writes that the weather there was fine and tracing. Some days are almost as warm and genial as in the middle of spring. Feed for stock is abundant yet, and there will be a good sufficiency of that necessary article until the young grass puts in nn appearance. Pleuro pneumonia seems to have considerably abated in this and surrounding localities, for, as far as we are aware, no fur ther losses on cattle have been sustained by our .stock owners. Crops look surprisingly well ; more so the youn^ wheat, which indeed promises to yield a very good crop, if nothing detrimental to the further growth of that cereal occurs. A vast quantity of maize has been raised in this (fistrict last season ; such harvestings as four or five hundred Bushels, made by one individual, are by no means a strange feature. One young fanner, George Beer, in particular, who only lately got. domiciled on a farm, belonging to Mr. Noble, of Glennie's Creek, has, by his constant and industrious labour, succeeded in producing about 500 bushels of make, besides about 1 ton of tobacco ; and this was effected on a piece of land which several parties had declared as utterly unfit to produce any thing, and forthwith designated by them as a farm on which nobody could make a living. News from Dubbo by the Advertiser of the 19th in&bint; states that ' spring's delights are now returning,' and nature wears a garb of green, liming the last week the weather has been very mild and bright — winter seeming, indeed, to have given place all at once to a most delightful spring. Herbage is everywhere growing rapidly, and cattle and sheep are beginning to travel with greater freedom. Shearing has -commenced upon several stations, and soon the season's «lip will speak for itself. At Narrabri, according to the Bvraid of the 19th instant, the past week the weather has been magnificent— the sky clear, the air balmy, «nd tbe thermometer gradually rising until the warmth hits become, if anything, rather oppressive. . Tbe Lawrence correspondent of the Grafton Argus, 18th inFtant, writes that the weather is now something delight ful, business of every kind seems to be prospering, and wherever yon meet a farmer he seems to enjoy thoroughly the prospect of a good harvest. The only individuals that look dejected on the scene are the drones and loafers, of which Lawrence has its full complement. From the AVagga district it is reported by the Adrirtiscr of Satur day that aftera week of lain; with wintry cold, a change came in with Sunday morning, which brought us tine spring weather, with a considerable — an'l, as some will have it — an unseasonable amount, of warmth. The intelligence from Queanbeynn by the A -)- ol Satuniay is to the effect that for several night* jKist there has been either a total absence of frost, or it has fallen but very lightly, but during the day high westerly winds have prevailed. The temperature has more resembled that of September than the middle of August, and t.lieiv i.s eveiy reason to fear the return of frost with serious ditmagw to the blossoms which have been tempted to display tlieir charms too early. — The Broughton Creek correspondent of the Shwlhaven Ncwa, 21st. instant, states that the weatherhasof late been very fine and warm. Farm ing proceeds rapidly, but a little moderate rain is necessary. At. Oranpe (says the Examiner of Saturday) the weather during the past week has been exceedingly tine, a cloudless sky with fresh winds being the ruling features. Judging I from present aspects there is every indication of an early spring having set in. The wattle is in bloom, and fruit trees of various descriptions are beginning to blossom. The roads are drying up rapidly, and the surrounding country* is assuming a most healthy appearance. At the time of our going to press the weather had again assumed a threatening aspect. The Tumbarumba correspondent of the Tmiii't Times of Saturday reports that winter has given up the ghost at last. He struggled hard in the throes of death ere he slmflled oft' ; and spriiig, with all his wonted vigour-, is beginning to makehis influence felt on the aspect of Jiature. The wattle, too — which is very abundant in parts of our bush — is sending forth its yellow flowers. After such a severe winter it is refreshing to witness the dawn of spring. From the Monaro district we learn by the Mtururt/ of Saturday that regular summer weather has prevailed throughout, the' week. The nights are delight ful ; only a few very light frosts have fallen. Whilst the people about Adminaby and Buckley's Crossing are in hopes of having a spell of dry weather, they having had occasional falls of snow, the residents in the vicinity of Coonui would like more I'ain. Wednesday afforded a striking example ?of the changeable weather of Manaro. Mr. Kir wan, the postmaster, says the maximum heat that day was 71', and the minimum 25*, showing a difference of 46' within the 114 hours in Cooma. Occasionally there have been strong gusts of wind. Gentle showers of rain fell on Thursday night and Friday morning in. town. By the Corowa correspondent of the Albury Banner of Saturday it is stated that from the 17tli instant they might well date the advent of spring weather, which has for all agricultural and horticultural interests been greatly wanted. It is; *ot too much to say that had the change not come until the season was so advanced as to entail a sudden and extreme transition from cold to heat our crops would have stood but a very poor chance. The genial . weather now intervening appears, so far as can be seen, however, to meet the difficulty. The sudden parching up of the land, and consequent stunting of the crops, will thus be so far averted. Previous to the change the crops in this quarter did rot present anything of a promising appearance, especi ally those put in late ; but, while so far backward, the indications produced even by these two days are sufficient to encourage the hope that a fair general harvest is in store for us. By the Cour ier of Saturday it is said that the weather at I n vcrel'l during the week has been exceptionally fine and dry. So warm indeed has it been that it more resembles early summer than early spring-. The weather-wise say it is a bad indication — that we arc yet to have a compensa tion in the way of late frosts when they are not wanted. Stock of all kinds look well, sheep especially so. On most of the stations and selections lambing will lie a little later than hitherto, owing to the adverse experience of the last season ; but though it can scarcely be expected to recoup tin* losses of 1874, the incoming lambing is more than usually hopeful. 