IRELAND. ATHER BURKE ON THE LATE ARCHBISHOP OF CASHEL. At the celebration of the Month's Mind of the late Archbishop of Cashel the funeral oration was pronounced by Father Burke, and the following are the chief passages in that oration :— It is not necessary for me to call your attention to the magnificent qualities which shone soreplendently in the character of the great Archbishop of Cashel. You have lived under the shadow of his cro2ier, nnder the touch of his consecrated hand. His name shall be sacred in after agee, as it is now held in benediction throughout the churches as one of the great line of saints, sages, confessors, and martyrs, whose names are on the roll of this ancient archdiocese of Cashel, whose mitre once was circled with the golden fillet of royalty, and whose robes were frequently reddened with the martyr's blood. He, indeed, was a true bishop. He was a great bishop in the intense love which he bore for learning, in the means be adopted to impart knowledge to others. He was a holy bishop in the intense zeal with which his heart was inflamed for public morality, and the sanctification and salvation of his people. He was a true bishop in the deep and unaffected love which he cherished for the land tbat bore him, a love which could not be misunderstood, and which was ever aotive and abiding. He was a saintly bishop in the devouring zeal with which he was inflamed for the honour and beauty of God's house and the place where His glory dwelleth. And witness in this magnificent cathedral, which his own hands raised, promoted, and decorated, and planned, the triumph of that zeal, and the reward with which it has been crowned. He was a learned man in all that appertains to secular and sacred knowledge. His youth was unblemished, without spot, blameless, exenaplary, full of promise, which bore good fruit; and from the day he was destined to enter the sanctuary no impediment stood in his path, nothing arrested his footsteps ; he carried with him the spirit of tbe student from the first moment to the last, from his earliest dawn to bis grave. Holy, modest, unassuming, as every great scholar must be, he was contented to remain alone, unnoticed, and unknown in his study, imbibing from the fountain head the greatest of intellectual treasures. But it was not to be that he should always remain unnoticed and unknown," retired and secladed in. his college room. God was preparing the young student for a great work. He was to take his part in immense operations in the Irish Church. As Secretary of the great National Synod which was held in this ancient city of Tburles, the young student and priest proved how deeply his mind was imbued with knowledge of all things which were under the consideration of, and debated by, the Irish Church in that remarkable Synod. Just as a strong ship, after weathering tbe midnight gale and defying all the power of the storm, found herself in the morning when the sun rose, untouched and uninjured, she avails herself of the first hour of calm to trim her sails, repair her spars, and make good any slight damage that may have taken place in the storm of the preceding night, to be ready with renewed strength to meet what fresh danger might perchance arise ; so the Irish Church came forth, fifty years ago, from tbe storm of 300 years of persecution and suffering, having weathered it all, having proved her glorious immortality and the Divine life that was in her; assembled in her great synod in order to review again her position, to re-enact all those salutary provisions for discipline so necessary for the strength, decorum, and grandeur of the spouse of Jesus Christ. And when the Irish Cburch met here in the dignity and glory of her hierarchy, of her priesthood, of her religious orders, of the strength and majesty of her ritual, and in the plenitude of her councils, it was then that the young scholar came forth from his seclusion, full of learning, replete with wisdom, thoroughly skilled in the knowledge of Ireland and of her history, of her past sufferings, of her present wants, and profoundly versed in the Scriptures and in canon law; and young though he was, and little if at all known, and modest and unassuming, he became one of the guiding stars that are in the magnificence and glory of the firmament of God's Church in the morning dawn of that freedom which she at length enjoyed. And by his labours at tbat synod he did much to facilitate the work of those who had met for the grand {purposes to which I have already referred. He was not only a learned man, but he was a true type of Ireland's scholarship and learning. When Pius IX. proclaimed that Ireland should have the glorious edifice of her education crowned with -a Catholic university, and in obedience to the mandate from Bome there came to.our shores one of the foremost geniuses of the world—perhaps thegreatest man Of, his time—whom the Catholic Churoh had .drawn forth from heresy by the parity of .'her Divine light and grace; and whenthiat great msn, came jortyi to jiead theCatholic university, it .was the pride ,of t ^ coniitry that in Patrick; Leahylr^arid" jyas ableto atatad bf^ideJolmHenry )|ewincm^one Mi»nd|only to him, to vindicate the genius of fatherland by the .splendid exhibition of talents, Scriptural knowledge, end erudition, with which he charmed the- students of Ireland's great University. The next great event in the national history of Ireland—I call it national because it is linked with the history of the Church—God has wedded these two together, the one immortal and imperishable because Christ is with her, tbe other equally immortal and imperishable because she has bound her* . self to the immortal and imperishable love of - God—therefore I Bay, any great event in -the Catholic Church touches the national history. The next great event we read of brings forth once more, but now crowned with the fullness of the priesthood, in honour, in glory, and in jurisdiction, the vast learning and great intellect of our archbishop. A general council is called of all tbe bishops in the whole Church of God. From every country on which tbe sun shines, speaking every lan-. guage in which man from end to and of the earth expresses the thoughts of his soul, they come, those mitred men from every land— they Uumber eight hundred as tbey sit around there in their serried ranks, and tbere, presiding over that council, is the Sovereign Pontiff, the Pope of Bome, the Vicar of Jesus Christ, the bead, centre, and ruler of the Holy Boman Catholic Church. Questions the gravest and most momentous areunderconsideration. The - history of the Church must be studied from the very first day—the genius of the Catholic Church must be uuderstood and interpreted - from the day Christ said to Peter, " Thy faith, I have prayed that it shall not fail: confirm thou thy brethren," down to our own epoch. The mind of the Church of Go<| must be Bounded deeply, all her tradition! must be expounded clearly, the foundation! of her faith must be laid bare in order to- prove that there they lie embedded by the ' hand of Christ on Peter. Whilst those, bishops from every land engaged in prayer and in daily stndy, asking for the guidance, which tbey knew would not fail them, of tha Third Person of the Blessed Trinity, tha Holy Ghost—behold, a man arose in tha midst of them, calm of aspect and utterance,' blended meekness and- majesty in his faoe— he opens bis lips, he speaks, bearing witness' to the traditions of ancient Catholic Ireland, to her unpolluted faith, to her glorious saints —forth from those placid lips flows a stream of knowledge the clearest -and most profound,, delivered in strains of purest eloquence; principles of dogmatic theoiogy-*-for he who speaks is on the highest deputation of the council —he iB one of the chosen amongst the chos°n, who have to propound to the counoil dogmatic matters concerning faith upon whioh - it is to Bpeak. He speaks—every tone of his voice falls in waves of musio threugh those assembled crowds, every eye is turned to him, every ear catches those glorious words of eloquence the purest, interpreting a mini steeped in learning, steeped in canonical law ; he bears testimony to the faith of Ireland and to her fidelity to Peter: and those from the ends of tbe earth, ravished and captivated by the learning, the eloquenos, and the appearance of this man, inquire, " Who is this wonderful man, this great manwho speaks f" and through the council goes the word, " The Irish Archbishop of Cashel." His name is borne away by those eight hundred men to their respective homes in tbe - ends of the earth; his name is spohen in - every language; his name and his fame, associated witli the undying counsels and dogmatic utterances of the Church of God—his name and his fame, inscribed upon tha - Church's tablet, shall live for ever. Oh, well may we say that a light is extinguished in the land. Oh, well may we glory in the great- - father who raised up the name of Ireland, of. Ireland's genius, of Ireland's eloquence, of Ireland's learning, so magnificently before united Christendom in the great halls of St. Peter's in Bome. But learning alone is not sufficient. Learning and zeal for learning, I say again, is the first and most necessary attribute of a bishop. I claim this crown to » lay it upon his grave to day, that he was not only learned in himself, but that be was tha diffuser of knowledge, the true father of that ; college which will provide for you, my beloved, and for your children, for all generations to oome, tbat great blessing which tha Church prays for with tears, a good and holy priesthood, worthy of the great heroic men who ministered to your fathers in the days of darkness and persecution. I claim for him next tbat he was a true bishop in his trium- - phant and victorious zeal in the cause of : public morality. Oh, how be loved his - people 1 He came a mitred prelate, with tha sceptre of kings and of saint3 in his hand; ha came into the glorious county and long- ' honoured archdiocese; he loved his people with all his heart, but his love for tbem could not blind him to the fact that two evil demonl were in the midstof them, blinding their grand intelligence, corrupting their simple, generous - hearts ; and these were the demons of strife - and intemperance. Anger, quick and sud-_ den, unreasoning and unthinking, doing tha rash act, - aud then shedding tears which, mingling with the blood that was shed, were - still unavailing to restore the lifa that wag- - sacrificed. Intemperance, drunkenness, tho_- blight of the intellect,. blighting the very heart, the greatest degradation of man, taking away from him,in common with all mortal sin,-the gifts that, make him like to tbe God of grace, robbing him even of mere humanity, the gift that belongs to tha- ; greatest sinner, wherein he is made like to- - the Goi of Nature. Against these two daemons the energetic hand of the archbishop-: atmed itself, his scourge the censure of .the • Catholic Churoh, and with bleeding heart and weeping eyes he was obliged to; strike a : blow; with the gentle yet -firm presBure of r his great authority, he came -fownjiUpoathose, and bstore iwdiedhe had :thfl happi- ; nepa to ways his,; hand wbleflsing.and wftve bis crosier in gaardianslilp, over a people whom he himself, under God, had gave(3 from the twofold demon of anger and intemperance. Ab, be was himself truly a pattern to the flook whom be governed. Who ever saw the light of unreasoning anger in those soft grey eyes, with whioh we were so iamiliar ? Who ever saw that gentle hand uuivering with rage ? No; the meekness of the lore of God was in him. Who ever saw that fair and manly spirit shaken for a monlent upon its throne by any excess ? Serene in bis self possession, grand in his power of restraint, magnifioent in his sobriety and in his meekness, with one hand he scourged bis people for their sins, with the other, of bis own example, he raised them np till it became their joy and glory to walk in hie footsteps and to imitate him. I claim for him that he was a true and worthy bishop in this that he entered into the oares and the sorrows and the joys of his people; that he identified himself with them, that he shared heartily and truly in all their legitimate aspirations, that he was one of themselves— the greatest one, yet one— that he was a true, •unaffected, real patriot and lover of his native land. He loTed her ancient glory. He loved and why should he not love ?— the spirit tbat remained, blessed be God, unbroken—unbroken, no matter how heavy the band tbat fell upon it; unbroken for oenturies in its twofold love for the altar of God and the nationality of Ireland. He loved his people—be loved their greatness—he longed to see them with their lawful, rational, legitimate aspiration fulfilled. For this were his prayers, for this his efforts; yet never did he yield one inch of principle to court even the love and popularity of that people, because he loved them too well. He loved tbem well, but he loved them wisely. Ob, may the hand that governs the destinies of Ireland be always as firm, the eye as far- Beeing, tbe bead as prudent, as that of the late Archbishop oi Cashel. He never sacrificed an iota of principle, asserted himself in all that became an Irishman as well as a bishop, yet so asserted himself that he won good testimony even from those who are without, who are not of the housebold of the Faith; and, irrespective of creed, all men had learned so to love and admire him, that they mingled their tears in common over his grave. 