AN AMERICAN MEDIUM. Tho New York Tribune publishes au account ot the 1 reoonfc performance of a Mr. Tippie, a spiritual medium in Kansas, who has for MB attendant a spirit said to be a member of " the King Tribe of People," which existed " in Asia 20,000 years ago." Father King, as the Bpirit ia called, refuses to communioate, #ave through "anordinary dinner*horn three ft.long." Do Is a fastidious ghost, and as be tired before the sgeof "voice bailding" (if not, indeed, before any age whatsoever), it is observed that many of his utterances aro so deficient in elocutionary clear ness as to be nothing mora thin inarticulate grants and groans. Moreover, and as usnsJ, Father King demands that the room shall be darkened before he will breathe a svllable through the Delphic horn. For the rest, the admission to the iflotnca was fixed at 50 oents a head. And among the head* thus admitted to the exhibition mas the long one of a oertaSn Miss Jennie Lapse?. Sho seems to { havn noted with great fairness, for ehe went privately to Tippie, and aBked him what would be the effeot if, daring the visit of Father Kin;, the room ehould be suddenly illuminated. "Good gracious," re fpsndod Tippie, "it might kill mo by severing the electrical current between myself and Father King." This most needlessly frightened Minn Jennie, who did not vant to mnrder even Tippie; bntehevrae reassured when ha added, "I <b not fear anything of the kind, beoanse Fathtr King would know if there was any person pre Beat prepared to make atrial of the kind, and therefore would not appear." Bo Jennie (tarried out her original plan; ehe procured a dark lantern, and the nut night, when Father King was ottering the most astonishing nonsense through the horn, the bull's eyo was turned on. Father King didn't " know," it seems. Down tumble the horn to the floor. Orer went Medium Tippie, writhing with ex temporaneous stomaoh aohe! The olcotrioal current between himself and Father King hod been severed. And the next dey he left town, taking with him the magic horn. Osns HUNDEED Hoctbb' CojpSECTjrrrfi WALKING-A hundred hours' consecutive walking has just been accomplished for a waper of £500, bj ft lad 1ML Pittsfield, U.S. Daring thd last day he frequently became delirious, and once leaped the ropes and rushed frantioally about the room. He was seized by one of his trainers and replaced In the ring; and continued his walking with clook-work regularity to the end. His feet were terribly swollen, and caused him intense agony at every step the pain, he declared, being worse than the most violent toothaabe. His task at an end, he was pat to bed near ahot fire, and allowed to sloop tor a quarter of an hour, then awakened by foroe, rubbed, and permitted to sleep half an hour. This process was repeated, giving him a quarter of an hour's more sleep eaoh time until all danger was considered past. DREADFUL RIOT AT AcArutco.-Tho New York journals report that on the night of the 2Gth alt., a mob attacked the Protestant Church recently established in Acapulco by the Rev. M. N. Hutchin» son, superintendent of the Presbyterian mission. The rioters were armed with rifles. Mr. Hutchin* son eBcapcd and took- refuge on a United States man-of-vrar in the harbour. General Mcjia, ccto man dant of the castle, ordered out the troops and charged upon the mob. Four Mexicans and one American were killed, and eleven others were wounded. Among the latter were TejiaB and Ad* jutat. None of the rioters have been arrested. An investigation is in progress, and reinforcements have been sent to the city to' protect the judge, who is taking testimony. 