The Storyteller. His Natural Life. CHAPTER VIII. THE POWER OF THE WILDERNESS. BY MARCUS CLARKE. THE drifting log that had so strangely served as a means of escape for Rufus Dawes swam with the current that was running out of the bay. For some time the busmen that it bore was an insen- able one. Exhausted with his desperate-struggle for life, the convict lay along the rough back of this Heaven-sent raft without motion, almost without breath. At length a violent shock awoke him to consciousness, and he perceived that the log had become stranded on a sandy point, the extremity of which was lost in darkness. Pain- fully raising himself from his uncomfortable posture, he staggered to his feet, and crawling a few paces up the beach, flung himself upon the ground and slept. When morning dawned, he perceived his posi- tion. The log had, in passing under the lee of Philliph Island, been cast upon the southern point of Coal Head, and some three hundred yards from him were the mutilated sheds of the coal-gang. For some time he lay still, basking, as it were, in the warm rays of the rising sun, and scarcely caring to move his bruised and fettered limbs. The sensation of rest was so exquisite, that it overpowered all other considera- tions, and he did not even trouble himself to conjecture the reason for the apparent desertion of the huts close by him. If there was no one there,—well and good. If the coal party had not gone, he would be discovered in a few mo- ments, and be brought back to his island prison. In his exhaustion and misery, he accepted the alternative and slept again. As he laid down his aching head, Mr. Troke was reporting his death to Vickers, and while he still slept, the Ladybird on her way out, passed him so closely, that anyone on board her could with a good glass have espied his slumbering figure as it lay upon the sand. When he awoke, it was past midday, and the sun poured upon him its full rays. His clothes were dry in all places save the side on which he had been lying, and he rose to his feet refreshed by his long sleep. He scarcely comprehended, as yet, his true position. He had escaped, it was true, but not for long. He was versed in the history of escapes, and knew that a man alone on that barren coast was face to face with starvation or recapture. Glancing up, at the sun he wondered, indeed, how it came that he had been free so long. Then the coal sheds caught his eye, and he understood that they were untenanted. This astonished him, and he began to tremble with vague apprehension. Entering, he looked round, expecting every moment to see appear some lurking constable, or armed soldier. Suddenly his glance fell upon the loaves which lay in the corner where the departing convicts had flung them the night before. At such a moment, this discovery seemed like a direct revelation from Heaven. He would not have been surprised had they disappeared. Had he lived in another age, he would have looked round for the angel who had brought them. By-and-bye, having eaten of this miraculous provinder, the poor creature began—reckoning by his convict experience—to understand what had taken place. The coal workings were aban- doned ; the new Commandant had probably, other work for his beasts of burden to execute, and an absconder would be safe here for a few hours at least. But he must not stay. For him there was no rest. If he thought to escape, it behoved him to commence his journey at once. As he contemplated the meat and bread, some thing like a ray of hope entered his gloomy soul. Here was provision for his needs. The food be- fore him represented the rations of six men. Was it not possible to cross the desert that lay between him and freedom on such fare ? The very supposition made his heart beat faster. It surely was possible. He must husband his re- sources ; walk much and eat little ; spread out the food for one day into the food for three. Here was six men's food for one day, or one man's food for six days. He would live on a third of this, and he would have rations for eighteen days. Eighteen days ! What could he not do in eighteen days ? He could walk thirty miles a day—forty miles a day—that would be six hundred miles and more. Yet stay ; he must not be too sanguine ; the road was difficult, the scrub was in places impenetrable. He would have to make detours, and turn upon his tracks, to waste precious time. He would be moderate, and say twenty miles a day. Twenty miles a day was very easy walking. Taking a piece of stick from the ground, he made the calculation in the sand. Eighteen days, and twenty miles a day—three hundred and sixty miles. More than enough to take him to freedom. It could be done ! With prudence it could be done! He must be careful and abstemious. Abstemious ! He had already eaten too much, and he hastily pulled a barely-tasted piece of meat from his mouth, and re-placed it with the rest. The action which at any other time would have seemed disgusting, was, in the case of this poor creature, merely pitiable. Having come to this resolution, the next thing to do was to disencumber himself of his irons. This was easier done than he expected. He found in the shed an iron gad, and with that and a stone he drove out the rivets. The rings were too stong to be "ovalled,"+ or he would have been free long ago. He packed the meat and bread together, and then pushing the gad into his belt—it might be needed as a weapon of de- fence—he set out on his journey. His intention was to get round the settlement to the coast, and then to reach the settled dis- tricts, and by some tale of shipwreck or of wander- ing, procure assistance. As to what was parti- cularly to be done when he found himself among free men he did not pause to consider. At that point his difficulties, though they really but be- gan, seemed to him to end. Let him but once traverse the desert that was before him, and he would trust to his own ingenuity, or the chance of fortune, to avert suspicion. The peril of im- mediate detection seemed so imminent, that be- side it all, other fears were dwarfed into insigni- ficance. Before dawn next morning he had travelled ten miles, and, husbanding his food, succeeded by the night of the fourth day in accomplishing forty more. Footsore and weary, he lay in a thicket of the thorny melaleuca, and felt at last that he was beyond pursuit. The next day he advanced more slowly. The bush was unpropi- tious. Dense scrub and savage jungle impeded his path ; barren and stony mountain ranges arose before him. He was lost in gullies, entangled in thickets, bewildered in morasses. The sea that had hitherto gleamed, salt, glittering and hungry upon his right hand, now shifted to his left. He had mistaken his course, and he must turn round again. For two days did this bewilderment last, and on the third he came to a mighty cliff that pierced with its blunt pinnacle the clustering bush. He must go over or round this obstacle, and he decided to go round it. A sort of natural pathway wound about its foot. Here and there branches were broken, and it seemed to the poor wretch, fainting under the weight of his lessen- ing burden, that his were not the first footsteps which had trodden there. The path terminated in a glade, and at the bottom of this glade was something that fluttered. Rufus Dawes pressed forward, and stumbled over a corpse. In the terrible stillness of that solitary place he felt suddenly as though a voice had called to him. All the hideous fantastic tales of murder which he had heard or read seemed to take visible shape in the person of the loathly carcase before him, clad in the yellow dress of a convict, and lying flung together on the ground as though struck down, stooping over it, impelled by an ir- restible impulse to know the worst, he found the body was mangled. One arm was missing, and the skull had been beaten in by some heavy instrument. The first thought—that this heap of rags and bones was a mute witness to the folly of his own undertaking, the corpse of some starved absconder —gave place to a second more horrible suspicion. He recognised the number imprinted on the coarse cloth as that which had designated the younger of the two men who had escaped with Gabbett. He was standing on the place where a murder had been committed. A murder !—and what else ? Thank God the food he carried was not yet exhausted ! He turned "and fled, looking back fearfully as he went. He could not breathe in the shadow of that awful mountain. Crashing through scrub and brake, torn, bleed- • The copyright of "His Natural Life" has been pur- chased by the proprietors of The Queenslander from Mr. Marcus Clarke. \+ Ovalled.—"To oval," is a term in use among con- victs, and means to so bend the round ring of the ancle fetter that the heel can be drawn up through it. ing and wild with terror, he reached a spur of the Range and looked around him. Above him rose the iron hills, below him lay the panorama of the bush. The white cone of the French- man's Cap was on his right hand, on his left a succession of ranges seemed to bar further pro gress. A gleam as of a lake streaked the east- ward. Gigantic pine trees reared their graceful heads against the opal of the evening sky, and at their feet the dense scrub through which he had so painfully toiled spread without break and without flaw. It seemed as though he could leap from where he stood upon a solid mass of tree- tops. He raised his eyes, and right against him, like a long dull sword, lay the narrow steel blue reach of the harbor from which he had escaped. One darker speck moved on the dark water. It was the Osprey making for the Gates. It seemed that he could throw a stone upon her deck. A faint cry of rage escaped him. During the last three days in the bush he must have retraced his steps, and returned upon his own track to the settlement. More than half his allotted time had passed, and he was not yet thirty miles from his prison. Death seemed to have waited to overtake him in this barbarious wilderness. As a cat allows a mouse to escape her for a while, so had he been permitted to trifle with his fate, and lull himself with a sense of false security. Escape was hopeless now. He never could escape; and as the unhappy man raised his despairing eyes, he saw that the sun, redly sinking behind a lofty pine which topped the opposite hill, shot a ray of crimson light into the glade below him. It was as though a bloody finger pointed at the corpse which lay there, and shuddering at the dismal omen, Rufus Dawes, averting his face, plunged again into the forest. For four days he wandered aimlessly through the bush. He had given up all hopes of making the overland journey, and yet as long as his scanty supply of food held out, he strove to keep away from the settlement. Unable to resist the pangs of hunger, he had increased his daily ration, and though the salted meat, exposed to the rain and heat had begun to turn putrid, he never looked at it but he was seized with the desire to eat his fill. The coarse lumps of carrion and the hard rye-loaves were to him delicious morsels fit for the table of an emperor. Once or twice he was constrained to pluck and eat the tops of tea-tree and peppermint shrubs. These had an aromatic taste, and sufficed to stay the cravings of hunger for a while, but they induced a raging thirst, which he slaked at the icy mountain springs. Had it not been for the frequency of these streams, he would have died in a few days. At last, on the-twelfth day from his departure from the Coal Head, he found himself at the foot of Mount Direction, at the head of the peninsula which makes the western side of the harbor. His terrible wandering had but led him to make a complete circuit of the settlement, and the next night brought him round the shores of Birches Inlet to the landing place opposite to Sarah Island. His stock of provisions had been exhausted for two days, and he was savage with hunger. He no longer thought of suicide. His dominant idea now was to get food. He would do as many others had done before him, and give himself up to be flogged and fed. When he reached the landing- place, however, the guard-house was empty. He looked across at the island prison, and saw still no sign of life. The settlement was deserted ! The shock of this discovery almost deprived him of reason. For days that had seemed cen- turies, he had kept life in his jaded and lacerated body solely by the strength of his fierce deter- mination to reach the settlement; and now that he had reached it, after a journey of unparalled horror, he found it deserted. He struck himself to see if he was not dreaming. He refused to believe his eyesight. He shouted, screamed, and waved his tattered garments in the air. Ex- hausted by these paroxysms, he said to himself, quite calmly, that the sun beating on his unpro- tected head had dazed his brain, and that in a few moments he should see well-remembered boats pulling towards him. Then when no boat came, he argued that he was mistaken in the place; that the island yonder was not Sarah Island, but some other island like it, and that in a second or so he would be able to detect the difference. But the inexorable mountains, so hideously familiar for six weary years, made mute reply, and the sea crawling at his feet, seemed to grin at him with its thin-lipped, hungry mouth. Yet the fact of the desertion seemed so inexplicable that he could not realise it. He felt as might have felt that wanderer in the enchanted mountains, who, returning in the morning to look for his companions, found them turned to stone. At last the dreadful truth forced itself upon him ; he retired a few paces, and then, with a horrible cry of furious despair, stumbled to- wards the edge of the little reef that fringed the shore. Just as he was about to fling himself off for the second time into the dark water, his eyes, sweeping in a last long look round the bay, caught sight of a strange appearance on the left horn of the sea beach. A thin, blue streak, up- rising from behind the western arm of the little inlet, hung in the still air. It was the smoke of a fire! The dying wretch felt inspired with new hope. It was as though God had sent him a direct sign from Heaven. The tiny column of blueish vapor seemed to him as glorious as the Pillar of Fire that led the Israelites. There were yet human beings near him !—and turning his face from the hungry sea, he tottered with a last effort of his failing strength towards the the blessed token of their presence. Chapter IX. THE SEIZURE OF THE OSPREY. FRERE'S fishing expedition had been unsuccess- ful, and in consequence prolonged. The obsti- nancy of his character appeared in the most trifling circumstances, and though the fast deepening shades of an Australian evening urged him to return, yet he lingered, unwilling to come back empty-handed. At last a peremptory signal seemed to warn him. It was the sound of a musket fired on board the brig. Mr. Bates was evidently getting impatient, and with a scowl, Frere drew up his lines, and ordered the two soldiers to pull for the vessel. The Osprey yet set motionless on the gleamless water, and her bare masts gave no sign of making sail. To the soldiers, pulling with their backs to her, the musket shot seemed the most ordinary occurrence in the world. Eager to quit the dismal prison bay, they had viewed Mr. Frere's persistent fishing with disgust, and had for the previous half-hour longed to hear the signal of recall which had just startled them. Suddenly, however, they noticed a change of expression in the sullen face of their commander. Frere, sitting in the stern sheets, with his face to the Osprey, had noticed a peculiar appearance on her decks. The bulwarks were every now and then topped by strange figures, who disap- peared as suddenly as they came, and a faint murmur as of voices floated across the interven- ing sea. Presently the report of another musket shot echoed among the hills, and something dark was seen to fall from the side of the vessel into the water. Frere, with an imprecation of mingled alarm and indignation, sprang to his feet and shad- ing his eyes with his hand, looked towards the brig. The soldiers, resting affrightedly on their oars, imitated his gesture, and the whaleboat, thus thrown out of trim, rocked from side to side dangerously. A moment's anxious pause, and then another musket shot, followed by a shrill woman's scream, explained all. The prisoners had seized the brig ! "Give way," cries Frere, pale with rage and apprehension, and the soldiers, realising at once the full terror of their position, forced the heavy whaleboat through the water as fast as the one miserable pair of oars could take her. Mr. Bates, affected by the insidious influence of the hour, and lulled into a sense of false security, had gone below to tell his little play- mate that she would soon be on her way to the Hobart Town of which she had heard so much ; and taking advantage of his absence, the soldier not on guard went to the forecastle to hear the prisoners singing. He found the ten together, in high good humor listening to a "shanty" sung by three of their number. The voices were melodious enough, and the words of the ditty—chanted by many stout fellows in many a forecastle before and since—of that character which pleases the soldier nature. Private Grimes forgot all about the unprotected state of the deck, and sat down to listen. While he listened, absorbed in tender recol- lections, James Lealy, William Cheshire, William Russen, John Fair, and James Barker, slipped to the hatchway and got upon deck. Barker reached the aft hatchway as the soldier who was on guard turned to complete his walk, and pass- ing his arm around his neck, pulled him down before be could utter a cry. In the confusion of the moment, the man loosed his grasp of the musket, to grapple with his unseen antagonist, and Fair, snatching up the weapon, swore to blow out his brains if he raised a finger. Seeing the sentry thus secured, Cheshire, as if in pursuance of some preconcerted plan, leapt down the after hatchway, and passed up the muskets from the arm-rack to Lesly and Russen. There were three muskets in addition to the one taken from the sentry, and Barker, leaving his prisoner in charge of Fair, seized one of them, and ran to the companion ladder. Russen, left by this manoeuvre unarmed, appeared to know his own duty. He came back to the forecastle, and passing behind the listening soldier, touched the singer on the shoulder. This was the appointed signal, and John Rex suddenly terminating his song with a laugh, presented his fist in the face of the gaping Grimes. "No noise !" he cried, "the brig's ours," and ere Grimes could reply, he was seized by Lyon and Riley and bound securely. "Come on, lads !" says Rex, "and pass the prisoner down here. We've got her this time, I'll go bail!" And in obedience to this order, the now gagged sentry was flung down the fore hatchway, and the hatch secured. "Stand on the hatchway, Porter," cries Rez again ; "and if those fellows come up knock 'em down with a handspike. Lesly and Russen forward to the companion ladder ? Lyon keep a lookout for the boat, and if she comes too near, fire !" As he spoke the report of the first musket rang out. Barker had apparently fired up the companion hatchway. When Mr. Bates had gone below, he found Sylvia curled up on the cushions of the state- room, reading. "Well, Missy ?" he said, "we'll soon be on our way to papa." Sylvia answered by asking a question alto- gether foreign to the subject. "Mr. Bates," said she, pushing the hair out of her blue eyes, "What's a coracle?" "A which ?" asked Mr. Bates. " coracle. C-o-r-a-c-l-e, said she, spelling it slowly. "I want to know." The bewildered Bates shook his head. "Never heard o' one, Missy," said he, bending over the book." What does it say ?" "The Ancient Britions," said Sylvia, reading gravely, "were little better than barbarians. They painted their bodies with woad—that's a blue stuff; you know, Mr. Bates—and seated in their light coracles of skin stretched upon slender wooden frames, must have presented a wild and savage appearance." "Hah," says Mr. Bates, when this remarkable passage was read to him, "That's very mysterious, that is. A corricle, a corry—" a bright light burst upon him. "A curricle you mean, Miss ! It's a carriage ! I've seen 'em in in Hy' Park, with young bloods a drivin' of 'em." "What are young bloods ?" asked Sylvia, rush- ing at this "new opening." "Oh, nobs! Swell coves, don't you know," returned poor Bates, thus again attacked, "Young men o' fortune that is, that's given to doing it grand," "I see," says Sylvia, waving her little hand graciously. "Noblemen and Princes and that sort of people. Quite so; but what about coracle ?" "Well," says the humbled Bates "I think it's a carriage, Missy. A sort of Pheayton as they call it." Sylvia, hardly satisfied, returned to the book. It was a little mean-looking volume—a "Child's History of England" and after perusing it awhile with knitted brows, she burst into a childish laugh. " Why, my dear Mr. Bates !" she cried, waving the history above her head in triumph, "what a pair of geese we are! A carriage ! Oh, you silly man !" It's a boat !" "Is it ?" says Mr. Bates in admiration of the intelligence of his companion. "Who'd ha' thought that now ? Why couldn't they call it a boat at once then, and ha' done with it ?" and he was about to laugh also, when raising his eyes, he saw in the open doorway the figure of James Barker, with a musket in his hand. "Hallo! What's this? What do you do here, sir ?" "Sorry to disturb yer," says the convict, with a grin, "but you must come along o' me, Mr. Bates. Bates, at once comprehending that some terrible misfortune had occurred, did not loose his presence of mind. One of the cushions of the couch was under his right hand, and snatch- ing it up, he flung it across the little cabin full in the face of the escaped prisoner. The soft mass struck the man with force sufficient to blind him for an instant. The musket exploded harmlessly in the air, and ere the astonished Barker could recover his footing, Bates had hurled him out of the cabin, and crying "Mutiny!" locked the cabin door on the inside. The noise brought out Mrs. Vickers from her berth, and the poor little student of English history ran into her arms. "Good heavens, Mr. Bates, what is it ?" Bates, furious with rage, so far forget himself as to swear. It's a mutiny, ma'am," said he. "Go back to your cabin and lock the door. Those villians have risen on us!" Julia Vickers felt her heart grow sick. Was she never to escape out of this dreadful life ? "Go into your cabin, ma'am," says Bates again, "and don't move a finger till I tell ye. Maybe it ain't so bad as it looks. I've got my pistols with me, thank God, and Mr. Frere'll hear the shot any way. Mutiny ! On deck there !" he cried at the full pitch of his voice, and his brow grew damp with dismay when a mocking laugh from above was the only response. Thrusting the woman and child into the state berth, the bewildered pilot cocked a pistol, and snatching a cutlass from the arm-stand fixed to the butt of the mast which penetrated the cabin, he burst open the door with his foot, and rushed to the companion ladder. Barker had retreated to the deck, and for an instant he thought the way was clear, but Lesly and Russen thrust him back with the muzzles of the loaded muskets. He struck at Russen with the cutlass, missed him, and seeing the hopelessness of the attack, was fain to retreat. In the meanwhile Grimes and the other soldier had loosed themselves from their bonds, and encouraged by the firing, which seemed to them a sign that all was not yet lost, made shift to force up the fore hatch. Porter, whose courage was none of the fiercest, and who had been for years given over to that terror of discip- line which servitude induces, made but a feeble attempt at resistance, and forcing the handspike from him, the sentry, Jones, rushed aft to help the pilot. As he reached the waist, Cheshire, a cold-blooded blue-eyed man, shot him dead. Grimes fell over the corpse, and Cheshire club- bing the musket—had he another barrel he would had fired—cooly battered his head as he lay, and then seizing the body of the unfortu- nate Jones in his arms, tossed it into the sea. "Porter, you lubber !" he cried, exhausted with the effort to lift the body, "come and bear a hand with this other one !" Porter advanced aghast, but just then another occurrence claimed the villain's attention, and poor Grimes' life was spared for that time. Rex, inwardly raging at this unexpected resist- ance on the part of the pilot, flung himself on the skylight, and tore it up bodily. As he did so, Barker, who had reloaded his musket, fired down into the cabin. The ball passed through the state-room door, and splintering the wood, buried itself close to the golden curls of poor little Sylvia. It was this hairs- breadth escape which drew from the agonised mother that shriek which, pealing through the open stern-window, had roused the soldiers in the boat. Rex, who, by the virtue of his Dandyism, yet possessed some abhorrence of useless crime, imagined that the cry was one of pain, and that Barker's bullet had taken deadly effect. "You've killed the child, you villain !" he cried. "What's the odds?" asked Barker, sulkily. "She must die anyway, sooner or later." Rex put his head down the skylight, and called on Bates to surrender; but Bates only drew his other pistol. "Would you commit murder ?" he asked, looking round, with despera- tion in his glance. "No, no," cried some of the men, willing to blink the death of poor Jones. "It's no use making things worse than they are. Bid him come up, and we'll do him no harm." "Come up, Mr. Bates." says Rex, "and I give you my word you shan't be injured." "Will you set the major's lady and child ashore, then ?" asked Bates, sturdily facing the scowling brows above him. "Yes." "Without injury ?' continued the other, bar- gaining, as it were, at the very muzzle of the muskets. "Ay, ay ! It's all right!" returned Russen. "It's our liberty we want, that's all." Bates hoping against hope for the return of the boat, endeavored to gain time. "Shut down the skylight then," said he, with the ghost of authority in his voice, "until I ask the lady." This, however, John Rex refused to do. "You can ask well enough where you are," he said. But there was no need for Mr. Bates to put a question. The door of the state- room opened, and Mrs. Vickers appeared trembling, with Sylvia by her side. "Accept, Mr. Bates," she said "since it must be so. We should gain nothing by re- fusing. We are at their mercy—"God help us!" "Amen to that," says Bates under his breath, and then aloud, "We agree !" "Put your pistols on the table, and come up, then," says Rex, covering the table with his musket as he spoke. "Nobody shall hurt you." [TO BE CONTINUED.] 