,j ,' .R ROSOEDALE. (moMr OUR OWN o coai:sroSNDnNr.) May 20. The "Lake" question in your town has provoked some emulation here, inasmuch as we possess at the west end of the town ship a fine morass, which is every winter converted' into a lake, larger, and peirhaps deeper, than the famed one of Wendource. That this morass could be converted into a permanent sheet of water without consi derable outlay is quite possible, and being in immediate proximiity to our projected Jardin de Plantes and the new cricket ground, would, if so converted, form a most attractive feature among our im-. provements in the future. The concert at the Mechanics' on the Queen's Birthday was very successful, about £15 being-taken at the doors. The acoustic properties of the' hall are not all that' could be desired, and probably will not be so until the ceiling is finished. The walls look very. much better for having been plastered, and the committee deserve great credit for the manner in which the stage has been fitted up, albeit the stage itself is a trifle too hig?, and could with advantage come a litte farther into the hall. The various vocalists were very ably accompanied during the evening by Mrs Dawson and Miss Ada Baker. It may be worth noticing that all rate payers who have not cashed up by the 10th .Tune will not have a vote at the next election of councillors- rather an astute idea on the part of the compilers of the act to make the funds roll in. Talking of shire matters, it appears that the petition to divide the shire into ridings lacked sufficient signatures. This should not be so, if there is any truth in rumour, for that jade said that some of them were written twice over. The gentlemen of the "long robe" will probably have a field day at the sitting of the local court on Saturday next, there being nearly seventy cases set down for hearing, principally, it is said, small debts. An advertisement in your columns calls notice to the opening of the new Roman Catholic Church on the first Sunday in June. After so much energy as our friends have shown, it is to he hoped they will hbe gratified by fine weather, and a large attendance. TIcE QUEENS nmlRTiDAr. Although the various places of business were closed inl honor of Her Majesty's 50th natal day, the unpropitious state of the weather prevented any of those out ward demonstrations which would other wise have honoured the occasion. Notably. the talked of pigeon muatch did not, as the Yankees say, "eventuate," and the anna teurs' powder remains to be kept dry to another day. The clouds slearing off a little in the afternoon, M1r George Rintoul, assisted by Mir Dawsui, collected the juve nile lords of the creation, aid took them ilP to the new cricket ground, where a series of runnlng and jumnpin matches were inaugurated, and the tedium of the day thus somewhat relieved. The even ing was of course devoted by everybody to the entertanlment given at the MIeclaMics' Hall in aid of the building fund, and although the night looked rather uninvit ing, to venture out in from the snug fire side and slippers of the domestic hearth, the talismanic name of "Mechanics' En tertainment" brought out the everybody before alluded to, and also a great many others who had formed no intentions on the matter at all. The hall was well lit up, and a brave audience greeted the opening instrumental duet by Miss 1I. Dawson and Miss Baker, after which, "The Arab's farewell to his steed" was well sung by Mr G. P. IIurren, a new resi dent among us A vociferous encore was responded to by a bow, as the vocalist inclined to reserve his powers for further occasions. Mr Ij. J. Douney amused the audience with "Constanti nople," and in response to an encore sang " The Bridge." This song has been ren dered here before by lady vocalists, and it was therefore an old friend, but none the less welcome from Mr Douney. The next song, "''The Nightingale," by Miss F. Dawson, who was by the way the only lady vocalist of-the evening, was perfec tion; and in answer to a perfect fusillade of encores, the fair songstress sang with nmoch plaintive feeling, "Give to me those flowers.". From tears to laughter was but a step, as a noble specimen of the sable militaire, in the "pusson" of Mr Curran came forth on the. stage, and intimated that "Babyldn's afalllt' " with intermit tent threats .to "shoot' at the hack seats. The singer was well up to his part in dress and vocalisation, and achieved unli mited . encores. He gave place, to Mr Hurren, who sang "My pretty Jane," and subsequently "Molly Asthore." Mr IIurren is a most decided acquisition to our musical circle. An old friend sang an old song, viz., Mr Philippe, in "'The Englishman," the "glorious charter" re frain of which was audible throughout the hall, and was followed b?, Mr Douney with "A motto for every man." Mr Douney, though a new arrival, appeared completely at home with his audience, who were evidently well pleased with him. Mr C'rran then sang "Ridin' in a railroad keer," and was successful in this as in his former song. Owing to the absence of a gentlemhan who been unavoidably called away, the programme was in conse quence a song short, and to the general delight the hiatus was supplied by AMr Baker, with "IIave you seen the Ghost," the shade being pourtrayed by Mr Wilson. The gem of the evening, however, was the last piece on the programme, the vocal duct between Messrs Hurren and Baker, " All's Well." It was excellently ren dered, and was rewarded with the most deafening applause. An interval, which was of considerable length, then took place, after which the farce was placed on the stage, and in twenty minutes after the "Tiger was completely tamed." Of the actors, it is only necessary to mention Messrs Warde and Philippe, as taking the respective parts of "Chili Chutnee" and "Charles Beeswing," to say that the farce ran easily and briskly, without a single hitch in their aseiomplished hands. Jacob was well represented by Mr Curran, and Arabella and Dolly would have been per fection itself if the one young lady had been a little more au fait in her locomo tion, and the other not so unfortunate in the materials which held her toilet toge ther-still the young ladies must be com plimented upon the completeness of their parts. The curtain fell at half- past 10 precisely, and as no one suggested " God Save the Queen," Her Majesty's birthday closed in Rosedale for the first time since it has been celebrated, without the time honoured anthem. 