THE SKATING CARNIVAL. lThefolleineg hmonreus verses res from tbo pen of Mr J. D. Pair, of led lOisrBritslh North Amerli. Tho line are ln a'small portlion or at poetical eIstter ad. dressed to hi slaisterwho reldes In this town -- - To the rnic, to the rinr, 'ti lhe Carnivel niclt, I And thn ioo is with beautyand splondorbelight; d Tile banl is discoursing its gay serenade, 2 mnd tho masquera flt by in a dazzling parade • On the loo, on the ee--Lsn'g it nice Gliding along on the glist'ning ice i? There are lchrming young ladies: "who are theyo I" you ask ; . But how can I toll when they, eaho wear a o nmaskl b Sweet fairies glide by me; so airy and light, Firyland's snroly forsaken to- night or the ioe, for the ioo-isn't it nice To Waltz with the fairies all over the iceo c ,Now a fairya pursued by a Spanioh hrigand, And Neptune gives ohaseo, with his trident in hand; 1 mWhiln'eolors they tollow tl king of the sco, And a nigger is next, in the greatest of gtle- On the ice on-te too, now ise'nt it nice To follow the clhso on the glistening ieoo Ali thohebndit ha fallen, Oe fairy is free, And down goes Old' Neptuno, the kingf the sea; The seilors they follow thosult of their king, While with laughter the rink does merrily ring. On the toe, on the ioo, it ain't over nice r To havn a capsize on the glistening ice. i And now there comes Beelzebub, gliding along, The devil himself to mit with tine tlhone'g y Now who'd think old Satan would trusth mself there h. How at lome can he skate, for there's no khat- a ing there . On the toe, on the le, the king of all vice Has surely no skating at home on the Ice. There's a charming grisetto, glidin gaily along oer eyes seem with lustre to flash through the throng - . iBut thednii e 'v wheispec some words in her car Tile devil I Yes, yes, he Iras won her I fear. On the tooe, on the ice, with cunning device The dovo has netted a soue on the ice. There's. an Indian Chief, and the helithen Chinee, With the Hudson Bay bottle, and Paddy H'Gee, Keep olenr of the bottle, for many have come To grief when colliding with H udeon Bay rum. On thie ice, on the too now take my adlvice, Keep clear of the bottle, although on the t oe. There's a Turk on the toear-oh ladis, beware I Thiat terrible Turk ha a harem somewhero He's smitten, I'm sure with the gay vivandlere, And looks wistfully oft at the sweet cantoneer. On thloe ice, on thle ice, although it is nice, It's slippery love that is made on the ice. There's a charming young lady from merry Swissland, With a Idononito fellow she glides hand inh hand; While next comes a sweet smiling gay ohamber maid, With a languid young swell of the Central BIrigade. On tihe tice, on the ice-oh yes it is nice, SSkating in glee on the beautiful ice. But to judge by the glance of that weert chambermaid, She's fond of the bottle, I'm sadly afraid, Andl though ladies may sip of champagne and mosolie The nrum ottle sure is no choice for a belle. On the ice, on the ice, no doubt it is nice, Yet a belie with her bottle looks strange on the ice. -- - - Tihe beautiful army-the lady I mean Would make me a soldier to-meorrow I ween ; Ah, who would have thought the army so fair? No soldier would ever desert it. I swear. On the ictee, on the tee, I'd Join in a trice, So bravely she glides o'er the glist'ing ice. There's a card-bedecked lady, a' dark gipsy Tellng fortunes to many she meets on the socne: The heart of the gipsy must surely be light, So grandly she glades through the cole to lgight. On the ice, on the lee-oh isn't she nice, Telling fortunes to many she meets on the ice : There's a digger, he comes from Austriaa, they With a queen of the night, who is qneen of the day; . There are dlowns out otf namber, and royal buffoons, - - . Soldiers, and niggers, and Irish gossmons, On the ice, on the lee-oh isn't it nice. All gliding along on the spanrklng lee ? There's Flora the gaddesu, how sweetly' she glides, Whle a ghost at her side in his grave-eloths :- abides; An equestrisn fair one is following close, . Anda man who's feature is surely his nose, - On the ice, on the ice, oh isn't it nice Toskate withthe in nes all over thelce Theoro's Faut, but no Marguerito, where can shoeo.* M?ophllhtophleos too " away on the spreo*; Tbhoro's a drunor boy hold that o os grl, And httlo Utcd Rldindg.iood joins In the whirl. On tho loo, on tho lce, -so varied and nioe, IAr the people you moot on thie epardling loe. :T Pla on hi hack toll aterroble t bde'; And a man who would come in 'dress of the Immdi ntely shouhl In tho gnol bo ontlpd. .. On the ibo, n'thl ioo, hois n't nice A onvlot sliould no beo allowed on the ice. But trno Riger ofl'ioluro nevr ho been , Lit up with so brilliant and'dasnling aone; Such mnerroment nover has grad d it I'think, An came fromh the I rne al-held atithe rsnkr On the.i on the ice, oh I wo~n'i It nice, The oarnival held on:the Red b iver. ice I T ewas a splendid affair, and manywere'there, In every style of rrmy, , But you'll' emlleo'wheo youa hoa th chIamber. ulnried the bottle next day. I went nas' digger, a uoer-looldeo figo,' Buggeuted-by mem'rfe of old. , You'romnembor me whoa I. returned fromn the A ruffian digger of gold: ... .:::" Woll such was mydrue,, and I thloloyou'leon. No golddigging out in Auntrolin,. ! ' Evor.wns grooed with a swell of more tasto, Exceopt where iis gold was a failure, With a landy I beta handsoome fur'sot' '" 'Oanast allpperseod swell smoking ?ap That spite ofdilelno I would her recognise Witloutthoe slightestmihp, Iwas not to mletano, but immedlately mako For her sido upon enteringtbr orink. , Well, I'm wearing my prize and hor leustro eyes o the cauose of my winning, I thinok.l SFho? wasqeen of the night, by droess ua by An glided so graceful and freoo, ' This star boedight queen was belle of the scene, So the digger struck gold dy'o see. 