THE REV CHARLES CLARK’S LECTURE. On Monday evening, at the Academy of Music, the Rev. Charles Clark delivered his popular [?] lecture on “The Tower of London.” There was a very large attendance, every part of the building being filled, and many ! o £;thAdudieuce hiving comeiii f n r t^P^puntiyjdistriola, 1 involving a iouriiev uf'lci,, thirty and forty miles, the effective elocutionist, ahd'wh'obaS’only.'as it TOle fault of being too .eloquent,..his'’ addrias. rwrta'tiri! somewhat o£ the -character; of a'- recitation kept 11,° attention of the assemblage enchained for lipa-ml-of a couple of hours, while atAimes hearty applause greeted his .quiet; humor, his .pathetic, pa-si-cs p:, large-hearted and liberal .comments'bn historic repre senbltions, nr his display of intimate acquaint'; with the workings-oof the-; human ffl i n j Behind him, cn ; : the stage, were ■ two representations of J the •subject •■of bis’lecture and to these he frequently directed attention with Ids pointer; - which ■■ he 1 slyly referred to as an ciiiicor.ii staff.;',. Opening his lecture with'an animated couioiect on thosejmacerial.mo'nuiiients which formsoimportant a portion of a nation s. history, and referriug to the reverence a nation feels-for the battle-grounds of ili liberties”; |he pictured the pleasure derived ,from the faculty of associative imagination, and remarked that Schiller the human heart when beta# that',time consecrated. Adverting to tbs Colosseum of Rome and the],tortures of the early'Christians and showing how strongly the imagination centred upon that , feature of .Ilumau history, he passed on to his subject,;referring, inHepwortU Dixon’s words, to the Tower -being Situated half a mile, below. .London Bridge, ,aud showing- that the dale of its migim'y, Ilyas’j waptFin:;'. mystery, Jail'd'.'' was jtraced by, 7 gume,'‘wHccr3;,!,to;.'.'jthe ; ti'uq&ijj;ti£'tlip\ invasion hy Cresar. Coming down to the time when kina* would,upon very little ceremony chop the heads off either'their ffiend£;or‘ : lheir!; enemies,, he' created im mense.amusement hy reading for, tliei.mayorsaof.lhe city and town the enactments passed by the old Pafh'ameuts regulating theAostiime'. in which civic dignitaries' were requited to appear." The ’lecturer tires' WBhtT)‘u~ttrd?gmltrf Tower'.lJill ia'UlTith Ifo'rfitila surroundings iu the. period, in question, and also mentioned the fall.of"the Tower in the year. 1210; theupits ;being rebuilt and its falling again a- year afterwards. Much merriment was here created by the’. revJlectnrel* describing how a clergyman of St Alban’s accounted,for, the .fall tif. the. hinldiug by stating that.-he had seen the ghost .of an archbishop strike it- with a “crucifix," and ask, “ Why build ja those 1”. The. Bishop of Durham, who was treasurer to the .iking, had helped to rebuild the Turner, and was the first to find his way into it, ; in cpnsqquouce., of .thd/yking, blaming him for .not properly accounting for ; moneys received; but, en cpuied the lecturer, “ Did yon ever hear of a clergy man -giving Hack-, any; money T’ ■ This ‘- thrust' at the clergy evoked a ; storm of applause, whichwas,reneiwd wlnm:theJectui;er..siyly.radcleci,'..“i never did.” The bishop, however, “escaped" to Friiuce,j arid', jiassed IE remainder of hisjdays in that country. - Tiie imjiri; sonment.of 'a-mimhsr of chiefs id succession was nest dealt with, and thenythe.lecturer approached the days of Henry YIILj Audi they esecntiOuj;,of Fisher and More,] giving the bishops .in, question as high a cliv ractor for almost every virtue as would be ascribed iu dqwn,through MaryJ reign, and dealing with; several touching events, in cluding that of . the ’execution of ’Lady Jade Grey, tfih'lcctufe'r cimc’ to ."Crimcacr, ■ and ib- il-y, : and Latimer,. ,whom 'lid ,'regarded as, noble. cuuiessors 06 the Protestant faith, 1 such as. lusher and More had beeU'.of Catholicism. -The, .lecturerialso referred with pleasure to thd-fapt that during theTirst twelve years c£; Elizabeth's - no'-pei-son sulTered death Tor a iidliticiil uilSheivadd‘lheia Im'came on to thelime of Esses-, and SirvWalter; Ilaleigh, eulogising, the latter in- almost-' unmeasured terms, and bitterly lameufhig iMfith; , : liiprAon;'%^ in* tlie most endearing terms, and, blamed James the First for-having sacrificed him to the Kiifg- of Spun. The. lecturer was rough” on James, not only in te spent oft the death of Sydney, but-also as regarded his general character- .- AVith ; regard to the gun powder plot,” the.ieelurer' alleged that it was not,as commonly represented, a Pojaah plou at all,-and pro ceediug'to show the.' workings of political par® 3 at the ..time,, ,he c'seemed’ -.'tbv.'take ..meek -.[ * same’ view of the case., as is P*®! 1,11 .? by Lingard. Referringto the failure of toe gunpowder plot, the-Idct'urer half jocuhuty: remarkea that had it’been'successful 'Janies.would have canonised. as- a ..martyr, ; : aud .Catholic would have been delayed. The lecturer oea.t w m sever appoints in"more modern times, aud.cou . by Instituting a,comparison between the present the past of oup.country’s history.’: At of hia «\ldre33 he'was loudly apidnuoed. a *-P . to piolonged applause he came before the cartau.- expressed his pleasure, at being P e -;f u J ; OU ..Vj ir e sioh;t'the r fii-st' ! lecturer,iii that beautnnli J<«“‘ w , praised,, itt acoustic properties; ambsaid • • to eiiable tlie, audience- sometimes b>;M • gtiiug-to Say. .tile expressed a hope tU , ; u( ;: would be found a paying spccnlatiorV mated that he would he happy £•» on next Thursday evening. . These received with loud applause, ami l V 1 ‘T-100 the dispersed. We may add that the Unicorn'Passage.was. opened, -by-..«;'/ . u |_ [ and that the house was empty within four in 