LEGENDS OF OUR NATIVE TRIBES. (No. 9) WRITTEN BY J. E. CALDER THE EARLY YEARS OF THE LAST OF THE TASMANIANS. — The following is McKay's account of some passages in the life of this woman— thc last of her race — as communicated to him by herself: — "On the 16th, or thereabouts, of January 1830, I first saw Trucannani, we took her, also her husband and two of his. boys by a former wife, and two other women, the remains of the tribe of Bruny Island, when I went with Mr Robinson round the island. I think she was about 18 years of age, her father was chief of Bruny Island, name Miingana. She had an uncle, I don't know his native name, the white people called him Boomer, he was shot by a soldier. I will now give you some of her own account of what she knew : — We was camped close to Partridge Island when I was a little girl, when a vessel came to anchor without our knowledge of it, a boat came on shore, and some of the men attacked our camp. We all ran away, but one of them caught my mother, and stabbed her with a knife and. killed her. My father grieved much about her death, and used to make a fire at night by himself, when my mother would come to him. I had a sister named Moorina ; she was taken away by a sealing boat. I .used to go to Birch's Bay ; there was a party of men cutting timber for the Go- vernment there, the overseer was Mr Munro, while I was there two young men of my tribe came for me, one of them was to have been my husband, his name was Paraweena. Well, two of the sawyers said they would take us in a boat to Bruny Island, which we agreed to. When we got about half-way across the Channel, they murdered the two natives, and threw them overboard, but one of them held me. Their names was Watkin Lowe and Paddy Newell, this was the account she gave me many times. For the use of those who may not be well acquainted with the places named in the previous note ; or whose recollections may not extend back very far, I beg to supply a few particulars : — At the time when McKay became acquainted with the woman he writes about, the Bruny Island tribe was reduced to six persons. It was formerly a very numerous one, and only six months before was probably eight or ten times as strong as in January of 1830. Disease, which had been thinning our natives for years past, was peculiarly fatal at the time McKay writes of and afterwards. It was a fatal catarrhal complaint (called by Robinson Catarrhal fever) to which it seems that the whole race were very liable, and which cut them off by hundreds, for he says if once they took it, the death of patient or patients was certain in a fortnight at furthest. This may have arisen from some peculiarity of constitution, but their strange mode of treating it by laccration of tbc body, producing excessive hemorrhage, must have hastened the event. In one ofhbis Reports on. the many, deaths occurring amongst the Bruny Islanders, he describes the condition of a female under native treatment for the complaint ,thus:- "On each of those parts " (the head, breast and stomach) incisions had been made with a piece of glass bottle. The forehead was much lacerated, the blood streaming down her face. Her whole frame was wasted. ' She had a ghastly appearance ; she seemed in dread ful agony. Her husband much affected frequently shed tears," &c.; In an hour afterwards she was on her funeral pile, for they burned her directly she. was dead. According to one of his Reports dated 23rd. of September, 1829, no fewer than twenty-two of this tribe had 'died in the preceding fifteen weeks, or about, three a fortnight ; but of those who went off between September and January there is no report. He gives, many examples of this mortality amongst other tribes. Once he visited a West Coast tribe and found them housed in seven of. their, huts. But meeting them again twelve momhs after- wards they were reduced to a mere remnant, forwhom one little wigwam was now enough . He writes at this time " The number of aboriginals along the Western Coiist has been considerably reduced since the time of my first visit. A mortalilty has raged amongst them, which has rendered their numbers very inconsiderable." To most readers of the Tasmanian Tribune residing in the South, I presume it will be known that Partridge Island is in D'Entrecasteaux Channel, very close to one of the points of South. Bruny, and about forty miles from Hobart Town. It was so named by . Admiral Bruny D'Entrecasteanx. When I first knew it, 1830 iit was generally called Santo's Island, why, I know not. It has now recovered its proper name. Birch's Bay is also in this Channel where there was formerly a large Government sawing establishment. The overseer, as Trucannani styles Mr Peter, Monro, was the superintendent of the establishment designation, which in the Governmental service, meant some thing very much above an overseer. I knew him well, and a most excellent and gentlemanly-person he was. McKay, who writes but seldom,— like mast to whom writing is troublesome — is less communicative with his pen than his tongue, I shall therefore supply anything that he has omitted. from his note, from his conversations with me the about the savage butchery of these striplings ; to which I shall add what I knew of, the vagabond Lowe who I will venture to say, was the originator of these murders. When these men had conveyed the two youths and the girl about half, way across the channel, which may. be a mile and a half wlde hereabouts, the horrible tragedy commenced by the two boatmen throwing both the young fellows into the water. Direct Iy they were, overboard and the girl secure: they took to their oars, and usingall their strength, they . pulled away from them leaving them either to drown or to regain the land if they could. But the young blacks were both fast swimmer-', and over- hauled the boat before she .had much way oh her, and laying hold of the gunwales, tried to get ln again but this was most effectually prevented by one of the boat men seizing a hatchet, and chopping off their hands near the wrist, in which dis- abled state the poor creatures went down, arid the murderers got clear off with their prize— the poor girl, who had just witnessed the shocking massacre of her young com panions. But as legal punishment never overtook a white man for the murder of an aborigi- nal, so those homicides escaped; neglect, or a combination of lucky circumstances, always interposed to prevent enquiry. The girl could not then speak a word of Eiiglish, and as the murderers kept silence nothing was ever known of this infernal transaction, until she first revealed it to McKay, but, not until the men had escaped, and could not be brought to trial, if that would have availed anything at the time. Newell must have been as depraved a felon as Lowe, but as I knew something of the latter, and not of the other, 1 can only speak decisively of Low., He was one of those fellows having no higher as-, pirations than to be thought a clever scoundrel, and he gloried in the reputation which his evil deeds had acquired for him He was a perfect muster of villany in what- ever shape it was to be achieved, and the practice of knavery was the business of his life. It is now more than forty years since I knew him, loafing about a district with not a dozen persons in it, and where it might have been thought there was little opening for the exercise of such talents as his. But he found a way to employ them, and carried desolation to one hearth. His final act in the colony, after becoming free, was quite of a piece with all his an tecedent practices. 'At the time l am speaking of, Hobart Town was as much defiled by the presence of a low class of usurers as the holy temple itself eigteen or nineteen centuries before. No risk was too great for these worthies. "Money was often obtainable on the most questionable security, but at such an en- ormous rate of interest as must have con- templated an occasional default. Lowe, who had been in every, gaol and chain gang of the colony, was heartily sick of Tasmania by the time his original and cumulative sentences had expired, and he longed to return home. But as he had not a shilling, some device had to be hit on, whereby money enough could be raised to pay his passage, and which a fellow so gifted as he was not slow to discover. Clever and keen as money lenders are reputed to be, it struck Lowe that there must be some way of doing them and a bright idea flashed upon him, "all of a mo- ment,' as he afterwards expressed it, that eveutually enabled him to pluck one of them quite to his mind. To this end he either wrote a letter, or got some convict law clerk to do it for him, addressed to himself, purporting to be written by the executors of a lately deceased person. This letter, after acquaint ing him that a rich uncle of his had given up the ghost, proceeded to congratulate the fortunate Mr Lowe on his accession to a considerable fortune, and concluded by advising either his immediate return to England with the necessary credentials of identity, or forward a power of attorney to some friend to act for him, etc., etc The letter was entrusted to a seaman in the plot who was returning to England, by whom it was posted in London, and in due time it reached the hands of the quondam convict, and incredible as it may appear to us now, he actually found some one to advance a good sum on the faith of this letter of advice, and Lowe having given the necessary acknowledgment of indebtedness, took ship for England and has never been heard of from that day to this. 20th July, 1875. 