NEW SOUTH WALES. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT ) SYDNEY, DEC. 24. The Ministerial budget is, after all, not to he passed without a struggle. Mr. Parkes in his first speech approved of some portions and disapproved of others ; but, while intimating Comingopposition in detail, created the impression that he did not intend to provoke any division during the main debate. If he has not since altered his mind, he has, at any rate, altered his policy, and on Wednesday evening he intercepted the Committee of Supply by a formal resolution disapproving of the smallness of the vote for immigration. of the vote for the Wollongong railway, and also for the proposal to take the southern line to Narrandera. On the first point, he had no difficulty whatever in showing that £50,000 would not bring out the labour required for the Government works alone, but he also opposed the principle of Mr. Robertson's bill for validating labour agreements, partly on the ground that it would be used to decoy people from the neighbouring colonies, and partly because he contended that it was a false principle to bring people out here under binding agreements As to the Wollongong railway, Mr. Parkes had an undoubtedly strong case. This rail way scheme has been got up simply in the interest of speculative landed proprietors. The trade which it is supposed to subserve has entirely to be created. In the judgment of practical men acquainted with the coal busineSS, the trade could not be forced into existence at all, and, if it could, it would only be by ex languishing, wo taste, the northern coal trade. The proprietors of the existing mines in the Illawarra district say that they do not want the railway, and that they should not use it if it were made. The Newcastle people, of course, protest against the scheme, while the country party condemns the idea of making a line parallel to the coast, when so much has yet to be done to bring the interior into connexion with the metropolis. As to the Narrandera line, Mr. Parkes condemned it as going to nowhere, and warmly denounced the impolicy of zealously keeping at bay the connexion with Melbourne. Mr. Robertson, in his reply, did his utmost to turn the tables upon Mr. Parkes. He pointed out that for immigration pur pests that gentleman had only voted, and had not even spent, £50,000 during three years. -As to the Wollongong line, he accused Mr. Parkes of beginning it by ordering without any Parliamentary sanction the preliminary survey, which has costume £8,000. As to the Narrandera line, he said it was the very proposal made by the Martin- Parkes Administration. Mr. Robertson denied stoutly that he entertained any jealousy of Melbourne, and said he was quite willing to see the two cities united. At the same time he thought it was just as well to give our own people the pull of the Murrumbidgee trade by letting them have the chance at it for a year or two before we went on to Albury. As to the Wollongong line, the Premier is evidently prepared to hedge. He sees the opposition that is brewing against it, and he is opening a back door of retreat by disowning it as a definite Government policy, and stating that it was proper to submit the matter to Parliament He admitted that it would be inconvenient for the Government to be defeated on Mr. Parkes's resolutions, but he very carefully abstained from saying that it would involve any kind of crisis, and was very particular in calling to mind that the Barton-Parkes Administra- tion had much more important parts of its ? policy rejected without any immediate political consequences. There is not, however, the ghost of a chance that Mr. Parkes will carry his resolutions. If the House wanted to put Mr. Robertson out and Mr. Parkes in, anything would do as a peg on which to long as discontent, but there is at present no strong desire for a change. The House will deal with the Ministerial policy in detail, but will not pass any general condemnatory vote. Mr. Parkes took the opportunity on Saturday last of holding out his hand a little way towards the Education League. He was asked to lay the foundation stone of a public school at Ashfield, the suburb in which he resides, and while eulogising the present law, as be invariably does, and deprecating any alteration, he said that if any change was to be made, be hoped that the non- sectarian principle would be kept dominant This was as much as to pay to the denominationalists that he would not forsake them if he could possibly stand by them, but at the same time it was telling the leaguers that it -the issue was forced on, he should be on the side of non-sectaiianiem. Already some of the leaguers are, on the strength of this announcement, beginning to hail him as their coming man, but the more knowing ones die trust any promises so indefinite and so painfully exPorted. During the week there has been laid on the table of Parliament the correspondence about the quarrel for the Administratorship, as well as the correspondence relating to Sir James Martin's violent attack on the Governor. The Earl of Carnarvon is particularly mild and cautious in what he says on both subjects. He does not attempt to adjudicate between the disputants, or to say how much either party is right oreitherwrong, but he evidently thinks that Sir James Martin grievously erred in the tone of his letters to the Governor, and he unhesitatingly expresses his regret that the Chief Justice should have repudiated the obligation generally and cheerfully accepted by Her Majesty's servants to render her their assistance whenever called upon. The whole result of this appeal to England is regarded as unfavourable to Sir James Martin, who is now removed from all chance of being Acting Governor, but at the same time he has been too popular a man for it not to be a matter of general regret that he should have so committed himself during the early part of his judicial career. The City of Melbourne went away on Monday evening with the mails for San Francisco, but she went entirely at the risk of the Government, which reckons on indemni- fying itself for any loss out of the penalty of £25,000 to which the contractors are liable if they should not be prepared to commence the service at the stipulated time. The -City of Melbourne was despatched, not in any way through Mr. Hall, nor even through Messrs. Gilchrist, Watt, and Co., the agents for the Pacific Mail Company. What has become of the Colony is still a mystery, nor is it possible at present to say what arrangements will be made for next month's mail, beyond the fact that the Government will keep the service going in some way or other, [The Colima bug since arrived ] They would not have hesitated to let it drop if they had thought that public opinion ( Would have sustained them in such of course, but they did not venture upon it with Mr. Parkes ready to bring them to book. The Legislative Assembly, not so much in a fit of virtue as from a conscious want of it, has passed a resolution denouncing the practice of Government giving temporary employment to hon. members, and, at Mr Parker's suggestion, the resolution was widened to include the Upper House. This 'step, perhaps, has not been taken too soon, or there is no doubt that some members of the Assembly, if they have not been seduced by casual poy of this kind, have at least so acted as to create the impression that their independence has been tampered with The weather still continues dry. House 'tanks are nearly everywhere exhausted, and the suburban residents are really hard up for water. Though the City Corporation cannot afford to lay on water to the suburbs, it has temporarily met the difficulty by carrying a pipe to a leading position in each unsupplied suburb, where the water is sold at a shilling a load. North Shore cannot be reached in this way, and it is proposed to ship water across in tanks by the steam ferries. A similar method of supply- ing the necessary household requirements bag for some time past been in nee near New castle, where the train every day takes up water in tanks for the use of the mining township of Wallsend. Mr. Russell, our Government astronomer, in a recent letter to the Herald, shows that during the last 36 years, over which alone our meteorological observations extend, we have never had a drought breakup in December-in fact, not till the middle of January, while in some cases it has been postponed till February, and on one occasion till the middle of March. Our present spell of drought has lasted since the beginning of July, and during the last six months we have only had five inches of rain. Mr. Russell attributes the draught to the unusual southerly set of the equatorial currents. After the sun has turned northward be looks for the southerly polar current to rush in, when we may expect storms and general rainy weather. 