AND OL W ARTH COURSING- CLUB. Third Meeting. (by our special rbpobtbr.) ( Wednesday Ufch JiiBfe.'- v t J.' _ . 4 Sapling Stake. No. ' 1. < tier-Sea Silver, : H-4 o£ by Bed Mr S. Austin's r w b Avalonia, by Battier-Sea Silver btMrB. Hepburn's bd Hole, Mr S. Austin's white and blue doe Avalon mis i>«i, ! «na white hitch Avalonia diridli thTrtdS ? 8apling Stake, No. 2. HUT Jr. Woodhouse 8 bo W cl Ri»nlwn»' 1)w PaiI lToil i 0 . deciding course. Mr Fred. Woodhousq's blue and white dmr ann.. ; bey M, J IM fflghctf e . and won the stake. , ' H S h tfie GraAt and Pblwarth Cetir&bgClnb; was held ever the property of Fiji Rogers, ut MoorabooT on "Wednesday last, the 9th rnsc., when the weather was all that conld be dbsfred for a day s outing. The limited number of caurstis1 necessary to run off the stakes, however, only rirew togther a small company of spectators, so the party tnat witnessed the sport was.; rather select Hataa f ouud to be, plentiful,, .while the manner in which they travelled plainly denoted their ability to tret the merits of atay ordinary greyfiound. Con- sider rng the youthful ages of the /competitors taking part, they may be said to have Acquitted themselves admirably. Be. 1 Stake was divided by Mr. Austin's Avalen and Avalonia, a pair of very promising youngsters, while Mr. F. W oodhouse's Reubens, who earned away the honours in Stake No. 2, is aiontiwr juvenile that is likely to still further bring into notice the name of his sire, Redkail, a greyhound now. making great , headway at the stud. The field arrangements of the day were fruitless, each steward doing his part welL Mr. Frank Gardner, as judge, gave the utmost satisfaction to all concerned, and Banner, as usual, was AX in the slipping depart ment. The account of the running may be dismissed in the following brief remarks !— . Sapling Stakes JNTo. 1 — First Round. — Av&lon; showed more dash of foot than Maid of Kent to the earlier part of the course, but the latter goingto work in good style after a while, was wi«iripg thinpa appear very uncertain. Avalon comihg again at the finish, however, had well won, when "the white flag went up. Hope went on the outside of ' Avaldcia for the first print, when the lattor thea nicked past, and kept such selfish ? possession as snot to . allow Mr. Hepburn's -dog .anther, chance of scoring. Mr. Austin's Avalon and Avalonia thwn divided- the stakes. . Sapling Stakes No. 2, —Fust Bound. — Bezique had all the best of Reubens, at the start, but the latter staying best, won a long course easily. Honey and Ajax had a no-go at the'first attempt. Next' tune ot asking, Ajax led from slips, and never gave1 his opponent the ghost of a chance in a moderate course. Final Course.— Reubens was the first away, , and in coasequence of Ajax refusing to perform, over' some stony jCpuntry, Mr ..Woodhouse 'a representative went on singlehanded, and won as he liked, This con cluded the sport, 'which was brought to a termination at 1 o'clock." , . 