News ol' Hie Arctic Expedition. By tho arrival of the Valorous nt Plymouth, ou tho 20th August, thu Western Morning News has received tho following letter from the corre- spondent on board tho Discovery :? It is June 21, and we aro still between 300 and 400 miles from Cape Farewell. Up to tho f!c present time, excepting the fair wind which Isl cleared us of tho Channel and all its dangers, wo have experienced head winds and hard gales. No light summer breezes to waft us across tho Tl Atlantic I No ; we started to invade the most la' sacred territory of Nature, and instead of remain- th ing quietly nt homo till wo had arrived at tho threshold of her jeiilously-giiardcddomain, shebas hi met and opposed us from the very start with some fri pretty strong head winds and a gale or two ; but bu still wo have got on little by little, and shall even wi now, I hope, reach Disco by tho 1st of July, to which is the date wo wish to nrrivo there?that wi is, uo hitor than that dote ; aud I only hope that sh these same wiuds that have been doing so much wi to stop our advance, may bo blowing with equal en strength in Smith's Sound nnd Melville Buy, an aud then, far from doing us any harm, they will lei bo doing us the utmost good. Thero is nothing th that could help us more, or which we should W havo more wished for. ni Wo left Bantry Bay on Wednesday, June 2, ac about ll a.m. Tho Valorous was waiting for iib W just outside, and having joined her, we all pro- th ceeded together under sail, tho wind, what there ba was of it, being fair. By tho morning it was ab quite calm, bo steam was got up, but ba soon after a breeze springing up again, we made sail. Tho poor old Valorous could hardly keep' up with us, oven by using steam (slow speed) in addition to her sail. We had to keep under such easy sail that we rolled a great deal more than there was any need for. At last, ou the evening of Saturday, 5th, the Valorous was informed by signal that for the present v* o would relieve ourselves of her company, but that she T< was to be ot Disco by July 1. We accordingly of ran on, and soon lost sight of her. However, It we saw her again in tho distance for one or two days after, as the winds were light and variable, and she used steam. By Wednesday, the 9th, wo had reduced the distance to Capo Farewell from 1259 miles, which is, I think, about the dis- tance from Bantry Bay, to 800 miles,but on Wed- nesday a foul wind set in after our first strong I one ; nnd by Saturday, 12th, we had brought tho distance up to 832 miles, having been driven to the southward. On Sunday, at noon, we were 778 miles off, having made on our course twenty-two miles in four days. There was too much wind aud sea all that time for us to use steam, let alone the waste of coal. On Sunday, 13th, our first renl gale commenced, nt about ono o.m. Tho wind aime from the westward, blow- ing pretty fresh up till seven o.m., when it very suddenly increased, nud continued doing so uutil about eleven p.m., when it blew its hardest. Thero was a very rapid fall of the barometer as we stood to tho northward, the fall increasing in rapidity os we approached the centro of the storm ; for by the rapidly falling ba- rometer, the confused state of the sea, the heavy and violent squalls, kc, we knew we were in n circular storm. This warned us to get on the other tack, ns it is not desirable to get into tho i-entro of a circuit*" storm. So at about half-past teu p.m. we wc--e; the wind shifted os we did so about five p»fnts. We now stood away to the westward. The barometer commenced rising almost immediately, but the wind did not go down much till Tues- day morning, nnd by the evening it was calm. From tho 13th till the 27th we had a succession of hard head winds, with short intervals of calm, during which intervals we steamed. The Bhip was pretty wet, taking in a great deal of water, of which, to our great disgust, a large amount found its way below. On the 27,1,' .? upon our hi-st ice, heavy pack ,1 ?'ne we skirted, sometimes gettiuK i?'t, u B "hkh 1st July, on which da/ wesL'te' U",' rt floe and pack ice on this side of Di.? YT ?he this time we had seen only a few (,?,.? UnnS thosenot.it all largo ones. Julv LW and 4th, were three lowly days W« Z ' rd' wi to the north, along the land abl?V*erbS forty miles off 4, - cJrt f,^ftc, rugged mountain chain running north ami .,a the tops and sides of which ivere covered? H snow in many places, but whether uuu " h so or not wo cannot tell. The cn ir y was broken with numerous inlets *Za i fiords running far inland, the sea « eeP fully blue and quite *c.itm, tn tl,1MUt' shilling brightly, made the mountain s !, ^ tops glisten and sparkle like dufi,*^ few dark, snowless patches helned u.i, a all tho more.brilliantly. Here a'Sid there Tf"' icebergs out tit sea broke the uniformitv t horizon in that direction. I? w J ot that the air was rather too cold, it was ei«T imagine oneself rn the Mediterranean 4, approached the island of Disco, iceberg helm! much more numerous, and we saw some v^! large ones, but still, especially iu height, notS to what I expect wo shall see. ' US On Sundny, 4th, iu the cvonine ~ ??? , the .Arctic, Circle, and on Moud"yt esJS shining brightly all night. It seems Tery oil going to bed in the bright sunlight On Tuesday, the 6th, we arrived" and aXcd at , Godbaven, Disco, where we found the ValoroitT < She got in ot. Sunday, thanks to her power" of steam in spite of our calling her dummy , &c;, at first. Shu came through some ice but not so much as wo did, having kept more to the westward. Sho has 250 tons of coal left and between us we shall take from her something like 120 or 130 tons,, so I expect they will have to go to a pince on tho mainland called lliten banks, just opposite Disco, and dig for coal which will bo a long, disagreeable job, as the ground must still be very hard from the frost \ and the coal is so bad that the Danish Govern- ^ mont sends out every year the coal required for the settlements. . However, as long ns they get enough to clear them of tho ice on the way to Cape Farewell, and for the souudiuR and dredging they hove to do on their way homo, it will do, as they can sail tho rest of the time. On Sunday tho 11th, I record that we havo been hard at work over since our arrival at Disco getting iu coal and stores from the Valorous, and takiug obser- vations of all descriptions on shore, the naturalists making excursions aftor flowers &c.; There are a good many different kinds of plants' aud flowers growing on the sides of tho moun- tains, but not iu any very great abtindauce. There aro, except dogs, no animals on this island, and not many birds ; some ducks have been shot (eider), but not many. There aro a few cod to be caught in tho harbor, and some salmon trout in tho rivers, but not muuy of either ; still, thoy are very acceptable in supple- menting our other provisions. There was a little excitement about some " meteorites " the other day. A place near here in " Disco Fjord," called " Ofivak " is celebrated for them, though there are none now, a Swedish Professor having carried them all off a few years ago. Well, some Esquimaux came in and said that while near there, fishing or something, a a day or so before, they had seen some " meteo- rites "fall and marked the spot. A party was sent off at once--on the evening of the 9th--to try and find them, and see if it was pos- sible to bring them to the ship; the next morning the steam pinnace of the Valorous also went to look for them. The expedition returned last night without having seen the ghost of a " meteorite," though the Esquimaux pointed out the exact spot where he had seen it. It must either have returned to the skies again or been washed into the sea, or existed only in the imagination of tho native. This is not a very magnificent settlement, only consisting of about twelve or fifteen huts and houses, with a population just under 100\. Tho inspector of tho whole of the Dauish possessions iu Greenland lives here. Ho is a great swell, of course, and is generally a military mau. His pay is £600 per annum, and he has to remain out hore for eight years. I do not envy him, Theil there is a governor of the place who is not nearly so big ii man. Every Danish settlement hos a blacksmith and a cooper, Banes, attached to it, who have, I believe, to sign regu- lar articles before leaving Denmark to remain out hero for a cerlniu time. The woman's dress is picturesque to look ut. They wear colored boots, red or yellow, of dressed skin, which reach to the knee. Thou white trousers, and a colored jacket fitting tight round the neck, mid coming just below tho top of tho trousers. Sealskin jacket and trousers are worn over these in cold weather, with the hair outside. The jackot has a hood in it for carrying tho babies. They nil of them look just like Chinese about tho eyes and l'aco. 1 don't think thoy usu much water except for drinking. Tho Valorous, it appears, is not going for coal to the same Kiteubank as we go to for our dogs ; the one we go to is on a small island just off the mainland of Greenland and opposite to this place, while the one she goes to for coal is on the north-east of this island of Disco. Wo have heard very favorable accounts of thc mildness of the post winter from tho impeder. They keep n register of the weather in Green- land, which gives the temperature, ftc., and this past winter it has been, fer the winter months, some eight or niue degrees higher than for a number of years past. Also, from all accounts, ever since 1852 tho winters havo been becoming milder. Tho spring this year was, however, late nnd severe. Wc all leave here to-morrow (Thursday, 15th), and the Valorous will accompany us to our liiteiibank; so we shall have another doy or so for writing. I think we are goiug to ship nu Esquimaux on board each ship, porhaps two, to look after tho dogs nnd make themselves generally useful. -Aite! leaving Riteubnnk, we shall go north, through the Waigattet Channel?between Disco and the West Coast of Greenland?looking in Bt Uper nivik, where we may leave letters, nnd then across Melville Boy, up Smith Sound, mid so on. We shall leave eight depots of provisions between tho Corey Islands aud 82° N. latitude, to WI back upon, iu tho event of our having finally ,0 abandon our ships ; but I hope wo shall bring back ono anyhow. To-day (July 16) we arrived and anchored at Riteubnnk at ll o.m., and we leave at 0 a.m. to morrow morning, just giving ourselves time t) get the dogs and take a few observations. Oir letters go to-night by the Valorous; so I mu1' conclude now. We had a very quiet trip ocr** here, nnd I think wo shall find the towing to be economical, but it has not had a fair trial vet. To reach this place we had to cross the ni»«tu of tho Woigattot, up which we go to- morrow. It was pretty to look at ; a long, narrow, wino ing-ehaniicl?it is about eight miles broad anil eighty long?running up between rugged moun- tains, snow-crowned, but the sides of which were dork nnd steel), with a few patches of grew and snow. The water was » most beautify blue, and was dotted all over with quantity ? icebergs of all sizes, through which to-uiorro ^ shall have to wind in aud out on our wre ^^ north. This is a settlement of »bouJinI,d' just size as Godbaven, situate on a sml)V't]je taud is off the land, and between which f a^e nnll a narrow deep channel, up w{h£ ^ northward anchored in a smoll fjord jrf , t Stance of the settlement, and ru-W ^f?1^ cioBe into the main land ; Uk «ater "r> ue ' t0s!^ho°uTarrival -th. Arctic £»££ £L$>, particularly at any place where we SJSor, when theodolites and sextants and com ?asses go ashore nt once. Mechanical Hoons.-During t^?"* °S we have lately passed through, a new «»« cloak was invented, with a mechanical hooo, which been mounted on fine springs enure j protects the hat or bonnet without crush mg the flowers or.other decorations When not rn £? this hood lies flat upon the *^J«fi?Z entirely its inner mechanism. The ^oaK furnished with a set of different ¦ «f P°m' 0\ made to receive the parasol, fan, ftc, ? ? fui rain. This may be chased among the useiu 1 eccentricities of the mode. 