the novelist. I ISAS: A WOMAN OF FASHION* '-•"•unfa CSAPTEB XXI. rT BALTIMOEU'S PHILOSOPHY. beIiE B4Jj. sit, on eh re I *.t BBIit BAnno.— _ /: Tomorrow brings with it such relays of .Mice, milliners, wine-portere, and bind jfsiteis as fairly take all the inmates of the house off their eanihbriam. Bonchr&ien.; vitb nightcap awry, flushed by delightful pro! sense of general waste, and conse — >»»«» *h«re. evem IHhetic sense or gene... , Inaent profit to the firm, is here, there, every. I .hire Cette pauvre entire Smeet. as, upset as <\- ohA were to be married herself ****ori: ^lesfurtive \- ,ira and orange • flower ijjles fiirnvc w.-.-,— — with the vamlie and orange • flower £«r that she infuses into the pastry down. K^is, The boarders snatch their meals as Kttttbey may, consoling themselves for the ■tfceedinglf short commons that Madame, m^iermaaom, provides for them by the re. •tionof the good time coming. Lord Stair js away to his club. The Prince Charming „ geen, by fits and starts, somewhat red gbout the eyes (" brandy," says old Mrs. Wynch, with cruel decision); and falling f-vhenever he gets a chance, into affectionate jpture over Deb and Naomi — the two leased motherless gala who will remain to bim i-raptures dnring which the; children stand, mute and shamefaced, not knowing * whether they are expected to laugh or cry* DenBin Bell, the morning mysteries of the \- •— <-«m« over, spends her time exclh. LTCDO^B .» «0Qjjje Miss Pascal's nerves are naturally P°°T. » so remarks Bell into the *7 ~ fcotom " &o; remarKH wu utvu vm ^theSeai of Bpnchretien. "Under tsympathetic w --— the circumstances we should prefer dining to. gether upstaira-something plain and simple —an entreeot two, and a bird, and champagne — n.„„„ weddings!' And Bell raises her I Oh, these weddings! —. handkerchief to her eyes. ' These weddings, my dear Madame, are always melancholy onnmrh when one comes to the last.' jr —gg. little shaken 1 Well-sal volatile, ■JJlhe sight of her trousseau finery, and v.. fir classes of Cliquot will doubtless rl nr foSslMses of Cliquot will doubtless hiriSfcW Baltimore, in her RLnJ&'h. Lied experience, has IVLIU& . - sufficiently varied expenence, has never known grief in which a like course of treat ment has proved ineffectual. And she has forfeited the society of her husband, has separated for life from her children, been cot in turn by the wholeof her good acquaint, inoe, seen her dearest friend take her richest * —ron flia van. lover, and once-fearful climax—ran the very lover, o"u - — - . (narrowest chance of losing her eyelashes | after chicken-pox. Leah is evidently hipped. Looking dispassionately at Jack Chamber [layne, and bearing the "last wordsof the I romance" and the face of our handsome tenor well in mind, can it be wondered at ? ! So are women's lives constituted. Happily, : their powers of forgetting go far towards i rivalling those of men, although their exter ' nal resources under the first weight of trouble may be more limited. , " If yon were to cry, Leah, it would do you good. Not to the extent of disfiguring your self for to-morrow, of course, but - a good, wholesome cry of about ten minutes. It relieves something on the brain. I remember the doctors telling me so when my sisters-in-1 law took Pnssie and Floss away from me. And all these things are bodily. It does not do to confess it, my dear, bat I have read £ medical books in my time, and I numbers of i * must say eveiy day I live I grow more ot a materialist. Cannot cry ? Well, then, use the smelling-Balts constantly. The effect is nearly the Bame." Leah sits before the fire, as she_ has done since she roBe at mid-day, inert, silent. She is"tn a dulled state of nerves, as one might he who, having made up his mind fully to the surgeon's knife, experiences already by anticipation the deathly painlessness that mcceeds to pain. " You are very kind, BelL I believe you are sorry for me a little. And—and would yon mind not talking at all abont what I feel, please? When to-morrow comes I shall poll through it as well as other people do, no doubt, if I can only sleep a bit to-night" "Laudanum might make you Bleep," says Bell, well-versed, like every woman of her type, in the science of narcotics. "Only it leaves that unmistakable look, not the look for a bride, about the eyes. And chloral, till one knows one's quantity, is an experi ment. If I were to prescribe sincerely what I think would do yon the most good it wonld be—music! Just to go down to the salon hear two or three of M. Danton's charming songs. Ah, Leah, my child," and Bell's | voice, softens; positively something of | womanly pity te-W?er cola blue eyes. Do yon think I am really'to blind as not to see tod youf1811876 Bt0<^ *>et^eu Beah starts, conscience-stricken; for a Wttnd her impulse is to rise, fling herself upon her cousin's breast, and sob out ber "oast there. Then she remembers what ftojs-what she is so soon to be herself— tod hardens back to steel. vn,^ Ilant?n 1" How odd her voice sounds 1 when she is married, when all this living Vteeenthaa become a dream, surely lfc better ** ohe speaks of Jf® I I think 1 may auBwar in the words S-LS?6* 1884 K*11 Whatever my «S?£°]fo£aweak' ^todsacrifioS"^inte^1 <*£ You have not sunk so low ^™wu» Leah, that l wonld suspect ; Bitty. do you 'aspect me, my r-—' ! ul uat ra yattooa last > words &8&5b8B* «nu(L d0 , ™;?», . *■ unow also. ■rve'Cftf a r°u .believlT,^! will not^l M 111 her&fcto;(M -crueUest "*4 that true 1 p« hare cause to be thankful, I esteem none greater than this, that I and my first love did not marry. Three or four,years ago I oame: across Mm, married, eight children, a slat ternly wife, and a dirty necktie. And that slatternly wifemighthave been me," So much for Bell Baltimore's philosophy. Later in the day Colonel Pascal comes in to have a few parental tender words with the dear daughter he is so soon to lose. And to him Leah for the first, probably for the last time; in her life speaks out some portion of her mind without reserve. She is going to be Jack's wife to-morrow. No doubt of that Every fide dress, every wedding present packed away, is another proof • of that '' Another nail in my coffin," she says once— with each a ghost of a laugh—to Deb and Naomi I And yet, and yet, if a miracu lous interposition were vouchsafed' from heaven, if Colonel Pascal's embroidered shirt-fnlls suddenly covered ; a 'beating, pitying human heart, the cap might pass; from her I Give Mm the chance. As: a drowning man clutches at a straw, Leah, in her extremity, feels that she will: risk the desperate chance of her father's sup port. Let conscience, at least, In after days.. nave this salve—that had he chosen to stretch one finger oat to her aid she might have been saved. " Ton are looking pale, my love." They are opposite each other beside the fire; Bell and the children, by Leah's order, having left them alone. " I trust yon find Melanie efficient?" Melanie is, the new French Abigail, who is to accompany the happy bride to Italy, the first legitimate maid Leah has possessed. " Otherwise, if there is anything Madame Bonchrdtien can do, I am sure ' " Melanie is quite efficient, thank you. With the assistance of Bell, and Bell's maid and Deb and Naomi, my enormous trousseau will, I have no doubt, be packed in time." " And there is really nothing in wMch I can help yon?'' The Prince Charming is:| curiously fidgetty in manner; keeps on the side of the fire next the door, and most favourable for escape. "No letters to friends, or that sort of thing ? Of course I shall see to all the announcements in the English papers. Mrs. Baltimore undertakes to get a detailed account into the Post, and " "Father," she rises abruptly, comes to his, side, and looks down at him straight, with her miserable wistfal eyes, " T wish to God I could get ont of marrying Jack 1" Colonel Pascal gives a little jamp, as though a hand had strack him. " Get out of marrying Jack?" he stammers, a full Btop of breathlessness between each syllable. "Get ont of marrying Jack. I never pre tended to care for him, as you know. And I was quite willing—oh, you need not speak, I wanted no coercion on yonr part-^mite willing to sell myself to the highest bidder. Bat now that it comes so near, father, I hate it worse than I expected. I think it right to tell yon so." - Colonel Pascal by this time has recovered Ms presenceof mind. "Yonr nerves are apset, Leah. All girls talk like this before their weddings. That yon have no romantic at tachment to poor Jack I know, but the mar riages that begin with romantic attachment do not. alas! end the best. When yon have been Jack's wife three months " "Goon, sir." "You—you will have grown accustomed," begins Prince Charming, airily. But Leah interrupts him—oh, with what a gesture of profound contempt—for herself, for Mm! "Have grown accustomed to my shame ! That's the worst thought of all"—her head sinks upon her breast—" that one can grow accustomed even to the degradation of such a marriage as this." "I—I implore yoii not to speak solond. If Bell, if one of the children shonld over hear !" " If one of the children should overhear— ; well, in the time to come, it might he good tbat one of the children conld say, ' On the night before her marriage Leah shrank from herself. On the night before her marriage, if onr father had wished it, Leah might have been saved.'" Colonel Pascal takes ont Ms delicate pocket-handkerchief, and wipes his forehead. " I don't expect reason from yon, Leah. I know whose daughter yon are.". " Yon had better not speak of my mother," she interrupts with quivering lips. "But I do expect the common civility one member of society may look for from another. Saved 1 I save yon—with yonr wedding dinner spread, yonr wedding dresses packed ? Save you from what ? I don't understand your language." "That's just it! Yon don't understand my language. I hope I shall keep pretty straight as Mrs. John Chamberlayne, papa." " I hope to God von will! Chamberlayne knows pretty well the sort of disposition you are. ana seems disposed to run the risk." "And, once married, a woman's actions 'fWP her husband's affair, are they not? It is only Shtaflsarried daughter who can disgrace one. Papa, ft Aft-morrow, at the very altar-; steps. I was to bse courage, say the irre- J vocable4 no' instead^ the irrevocable ' yes,' : should you look upon youself as disgraoed ? I Colonel Pascal's complexion tarns to a ghastly shade of green—a hue W»?h as no member of the outer world, I am s&A.ever; i saw upon the sprightful, cheerful face^lfJ Prince Charming. " If you do not marry Jack Chamberlayne I am rained 1 ' I don't talk of disgrace, of the seaudal such unheard of conduct must excite i I speak of money. Jack has beootne security for bills that I have no means whatever of meeting. Jack's money, as you insist npon the' truth, is paying for yonr wedding clothes. Break With him,- and not only / am ruined ; Deb and IJaCT^^Bchfldren youpretendtolove, are It would be difficult, It is unnecessary to Leah's.stoiy, toatyminate the grain or two of relative truth that; may be bidden tinder Colonel Faaoalbwords. Leahbelieves them' —that |e aU with wMch w$ bave .conoern. I^A believee t^m-and in Sing, so gives up her laBt frwl fleating chanoe of deliver ance. : ' "5-'\ ' ! "Yon might have waited to fleeoe him a taw weeks, sir ; you need not -have *°ld in advance." 'v ,* v i This 1« all her answer. To Colonel Pascal's intense relief a knock and message comes lust at this moment at the'door; and a quarter of an hour later he is showing his white teeth down in the drawingroom,re oeiving taUdtations, taking out Ms pocket handkerchief as he speaks of the dear littie half r tearful, half-happy daughter he hat QllSttted UDBtfiitti . i Deb ana Naomi beggars 1 Well, her father a visit, after alt baa moved: tonic. As she listens to the children's merry chatter, as she watches Deb's small figure Hyinghither and; ther ln wild excitement after the two f avfl.| ofoon-, than our auation?! t must be jh her, and her only means nf'terin| them is Ja<& Cfimmberiayne—or another. The short autumn day dim into twilight, At last all the bridal dteseee an packed; Bellbasgone to . her room to write letter*, the lady's maide have descended to their tea, sad Deb and Naomi left alone, begin to ■talk .over the division of Leah's maiden ■wardrobe;: •« . i ' • • . " I am to have the sprigged white muslin," says Deb, "It will make me two little even ing frocks; Leah flays so. And I am to have allthe ribbons and flowers I can find, and the trimmings off the ball dresses to make dollB' clothes." "I aim!! have the best velvet jacket" says Naomi. " It will riot, want taking in a bit ; I have so much, more figure than Leah. .The black dress spotted with gold I mean to put away till 1 wear trains; and the, old Drown silk—you see, Debt—will cut up at once Into a tidy polonhise." Leah, at, this, jumps up from her place beside the fire, and croshes over to the corner where the children are reviewing their spoils. Deb's small lap is filled to overflowing with odds.'and ends of finery. The old brown Bilk—the dress in which Dan ton first saw Leah Pascal—is in Naomi's hands. "Naomi, my sister, you should not diBcoos the property of a moribund until be has lost bis sense of bearing. It is not delicate: What is that yon are saying about my brown silk?' "Only—that it will make me a tidy polonaise," stammers Naomi. "Of coarse, yon are taking none of yonr old things with yon. Melanie says brides never takeaway their old things." " I am going to take my brown silk," says Leah shortly. "Bat yon need not shock Melanie's pride by telling her so. Never mind, Naomi," tor Naomi, with her nsnal fine common sense, has placed herself in front of the dresB, with an air of battle. " I will give yon—well, that new, cream-coloured tussore that yon admired so much, instead:" " The lovely tussore, out of your trousseau, instead of the brown silk!" cries little Deb. " Why its as old as the hills, Leah, and quite nnfashionably cut; I heard Mademoiselle Melanie say so." " The colour—snits my complexion—Deb." Even the children are struck by the odd unsteadiness of her voice. "Bring a candle, one . of you, and let us get it safely oat of sight before the two fine ladies return." And with her own trembling hands Leah Pascal pnts tbe-dress away—oh, that she could put away tbe memories connected with it as well—jealously hidden under the silks and satins arid fripperies of the future Mrs. Chamberlayne. 