SCRAPS BY THE MAIL. . '» Ar.DERMA.JF MARSDEK, Mayor of Bolton, was, on December 10, presented with a silver cradle, his wife having given birth to a daughter during his mayoralty. Pi,ANT EVAPORATION*.—So great is the evaporation of water from plants, as stated by Mr. Lawes, that a plant of barley of 172 days growth, in which it had acquired "'tis grains of dry organic matter and 4(1 groins of dry mineral matter, had converted into vapour not Jess than 17 pounds of water. AN EIGHT-HOUR MAN, on going home the other evening for his supper, found his wife sitting in her best clothes on the front step rending a volume of travels, " How is this ?" he exclaimed. " Where is my supper I" " I don't know," replied his wife, " I began to get your breakfast; at 6 o'elock this morning, and my eight hours ended at 2 p.m." THE CLAIMANT'S WIFE.—The Tichborne claimant's wife, having refused to pay a poor-rate demanded of her as Mis. Orton, was summoned before the magistrates on December 12 by the Lyniiugtou overseers as a defaulter. The magistrates granted a distress warrant, desiring it to be held over for a few days. Defendant states she is not Mrs. Orton, but Lady Tichlwmie, auy lawful claims upon whom she is willing to pay. Ax UXGALLAXT CADDY. — A cabman was charged at the Dublin Poliee Court, on December 11, with hnviug on the previous night, while drunk, driven his cab, then laden with five women, into the canal, nearly drowning the women. Two of them are still in a critical state, aud he was, therefore, remauded. To a constable who went to assist lain the prisoner said, " Save the mare and never mind the women." A REWARD FOR BRAVERV.—The Earl of Derby lias received from the Count de Jarnac a note enclosing two gold medals, which liave been specially struck and awarded by the French Government to Capt. William Oxley and James Bascombe. mate of the smack" (Jlaud Charge, of Grimsby, in commemoration of their brave and generous conduct in having, at the peril of their own lives, rescued at sea the French aeronauts. Monsieur and Madame Durottf, on September 1 last. A KNOWING ELEPHANT.—Whilst Day's menagerie was exhibiting at Cawood, recently, a young man amused himself with teasing one of the elephants. It happened that a heavy sliding bar turning on a pivot at one end was accessible to the insulted animal, who watched its opportunity, and at a favorable moment detached the loose end of the heavy bar and let it fall on the young man's head, causing a deep wound. It then calmly walked away, satisfied with the punishment inflicted. CLOSE o* GROUSE SHOOTING.—Blackcock, ptarmigan, and grouse shooting closed on December 10\. The grouse shooting on the Perthshire moors has been the most unproductive known. Birds are reported healthy on the moors, but very few in number. Blackcock shooting has afforded good sport. Ptarmigan have also been numerous. Sport on low grounds has been excellent, and .heavy bap have been made of partridges, pheasants, and woodcocks. The season has been good in the deer forests. THE PRINCESS LOUISE OF BELGIUM.—We learn that the marriage of the Princess Louise (daughter of the King of the Belgians) with Priuce Philip, Duke of Saxony, is finally fixed for February 4. Prince Philip has ordered a considerable amount of jewellery. The dowrv of the Princess is to be 1,600,000 frs. {£72,000.) The prince will have a considerable fortune of his own. Three court balls are to be given at Brussels, the dates of which have not yet been fixed, but all the princesses invited to the marriage are expected to be present. A RACE OF VAMPIRES.—Prince Nicholas Borolojovsk, a Servian noble, died the other day in the Rue d'Amsterdam in Paris. He had been obliged to leave his own country, where he could no longer remain trom the idea among the country people that he belonged to a family of vampires, the eldest sous of which for three generations came out of their graves to suck the blood of livihg people. It is said that about five days before his death he was conversing with his landlord, and told him that it would be well after his decease to remove his heart, go as to prevent his rising from the grave. • FLOGGING WIFE- BEATERS.—The Bishop of Carlisle, speaking at a temperance meeting the other night, questioned the efficacy of Acts of Parliament to deal with the question of intemperance. He said Acts of Parliament were not so strong as people supposed. The prosecution for cruelty to hyciias failed because hyenas were not domesticated animals. The law for the protection of women was not so ineffectual that a man could kick a woman almost to death provided she were his wife. He should, however, be well pleased to see men who kicked their wives treated with an application of that other domestic animal—the ; cat. INFECTION FROM DOMESTIC PETS.—Mr.Witliani Lattimer, iii a useful little paniphlet on riib necessity of isolation in infectious diseases, I'elates a singular case in which the seeds of contagion had been conveyed to different children by means pf a pet retriever. The dog in question had been reared in a house where, scarlatina prevailed,.and wis subsequently given to,a friend, and shortly after one of the children in the dog's new home was attacked with malignant scarlatina, arid dieji. Disinfectants were used plentifully, and every precaution taken to' prevent a recurrence of the malady, but in two months' time a second child took the disease in its worst form, and died, As, the do« had been the constant companion arid playfellow of these children, its woolly cpat became' so charged with contagious iitnttei; as to render it a source of disease and death,' • ' " I MR. W. J . NAMER, eldest son of the Right Hon, Sir Joseph Napier, Bart., the Commissioner of the Great Seal in Ireland, died after a short illness. Mr. Napier was called to the bar in 1861, and was Secretary to the Commissioners of the Grcal Seal in Ireland. THE HOSPITAL FUND.—The total amount distributed amongst the hospitals and dispensaries of London as a result of the Metropolitan Hospital Sunday fund was £28,348, the gross receipts having been about £2,000 over the proceeds of last veai's collection. At a meeting of the Council, held at the Mansion House, the Lord Mayor presiding, Sunday June 13, was fixed for the date of next year's appeal. A JEWISH FEAST.—On December 18 the Jews celebrated, by fasting, the commencement of the siege of Jerusalem by Nebuchadnezzar. The occasion is designated the " Feast of Tebetb," Tebeth being the tenth month of the Jewish year. The Jews pay especial attention to this solemnity, as it is supposed that all the troubles aud vicissitudes of the Jewish nation commenced from this date. It is said that in futurity the fast of Tebeth will be a time for national rejoicing instead of lamentation. TEMPLE BAR.—By a majority of (53 to ,11 the Court of Common Council has decided to postpone the removal of Temple Bar until the committee shall have considered the best course for facilitating public traffic, aud have conferred with the Government and the Coniniissiouei-s of Sewers in relation thereto. In course of the debate it was stated that six months notice must be given ty Messrs. Childs before the Bar could be pulled down ; also, that Messrs. Childs had expressed a desire, when they rebuild their bank, to swing round the Bar and make use of it for an entrance. THE OLD CATHOLICS.—At. eight o'clock on November 2,9 the Old Catholics performed Divine service, for the first time in BerUn, in the new Evangelical Church, which had been granted to them for the purpose by the magistracy and the evangelical consistory. Professor Weber of Breslau said mass and gave the Communion. He also preached a sermon, taking his text from the 13th chapter of St. Paul's Epistle to the Romans. lie pointed out that the aim of the Old Catholic movement was to render to the State what belonged to the State, and to the Church what belonged to the Church. The congregation numbered 300 persons, and there were 20 communicants. DR. DOCKHORX.—German papers relate an anecdote of Dr. Dockhom, the counsel of Count Arnirn, which shows that lawyer to have given early signs of unusual talent. Some twenty years ago the University of Zurich offered two prizes, a first and a second, for essays on scientific subjects. A comparatively great number of writers competed. Two essays were selected as the best, aud on opening the envelopes containing the writers* names, it was found tnat the first prizeman was the present Dr. Dickhorn, then a sixth form boy at the grammar school at Posen. The second prizeman was a professor at Zurich. The judges were astonished at the youth of the most successful competitor, and, being incredulous, wrote to Posen to ask if he had told the truth about In'mself. The head master fully confirmed his statement. Young Dockhorn was a sixth form boy under him, and he had taken the first prize over the heads of more than one learned professor, not to mention doctors and other graduates of universities. THE MAGIC INKSTAND.—Such is the name given to a novelty introduced to the public by Messrs. Sampson Low, Marston and Co. The inkstands are manufactured in different shapes and sizes, and have a cleanly appearance. The novelty consists in their being lined with some preparation which converts water into ink of a black or violet color in a tew seconds ; but if the inkstand be left perfectly still, as evaporation goes on, the ink in the well will soon thicken, therefore, to remedy this, it is only necessary to hold up the ink to the light so that one can see into the well, then tip it backward until the ink in the well has been drawn back into the interior of the stand ; then shake it gently, and tip it in the contrary direction until the well is refilled as tar as it can be without spilling. If this be done occasionally the ink will be limpid and free until it requires water to, supply evaporation, which it does only when the above manipulation fails to effect its purpose. These inkstands will be found very useful by travellers and re porters. THE POPE'S SUCCESSOR.—The Opinions of Rome is quite startled to find the Catholic press in Irelaud better informed with respect to the successor of Pius IX. iu the Roman Pontificate than people in clerical circles iu Rome, itself. The Freeman s Journal informs the world, aud the Neuc Frcie Presse repeats the unexpected intelligence, that the Archbishop of Westminster will return to England invested with theCardinalitiau purple, and that, moreover, during his visit to the Vatican he was formally recognised as the successor of Pius IX, It is'presumed it will not be necessary to warn our readers against a too easy belief in this improbable piece of information, but at Rome the canard, is evidently looked at in a serious light, for the Opinion*, concludes with the following paragraph :—" So important an announcement, proceeding from a clerical journal, whose sources of information are well known, ought not to pass unobserved. To us, nevertheless, it appears unlikely, but we wait until other clerical journals, especially those of Rome, shall formally coiifirm or deny it." In spite of his present ineligibility, not being a cardinal, and notwithstanding the always-uncertain results of conclave elections, the writer who made such an announcement must have been very little versed iu the mysteries which accompany the descent of the Holy Ghost gjron the favored member ,of. .the Sacred College selected for the Supreme PoU' tilicke. * " •••• THE TITLE OF REVEREND.—It is said that the Wcsleyan body intend to take legal proceedings to have the rigbtof their ministers to be described on tombstones iu parish churchyai'da by the title of reverend established by law. DESTRUCTIVE FIRE lias occurred in the business centre of Huston. There were conflagrations simultaneously at various points, and the shipping was endangered. The loss is estimated at a In nit 1,000,000 dols. A TERRIBLE CATASTROPHE.—On December 20, during a storm, a powder magazine at Scutari, Albania, was struck by lightning. The force of the explosion destroyed a portion of the city walls aud several houses. Upwards of 200 persons were killed or wounded. HEIR TO £1,000,000 DISCOVERED,—It is stated that the heir to the Jamicson estate, worth from £700,000 to /1,000,000, has been discovered at St. John's, New Brunswick, in the person of John W. B. Jutniesou, a young man iu poor circumstances, recently employed in peddling stationery. A CHANCERY Surr.—Mr. Bloxani, the Taxing- Master, in a document wliich appears in the recently published Blue-book on legal department:--, gives an instance of un administration suit in which there were " 34 persons plaintiffs and defendants." They were re).resented l»y eight solicitors, and tlic'hills of costs extended t<> near] v 2000 folios. DR. KKNEALY.—On December 2, the Benchers of Gray's lun, upon the motion of Master Manisty, seconded by the Solicitor-General, unanimousiv decidwl that Dr. Kenealy, being the editor of a weekly paper replete with libels of the grossest character, was unfit to lie a member of the lnu. that his call to the Bar be vacated, that be be expelled from the Society, and his name erased frmii the roll of its members. A NEW EXPLOSIVE.—Experiments have lately been made in Sweden with a new explosive compound, winch is stated to embody all the good aud none of the bad qualities of every previously known explosive, than which it is also said to be more powerful. This new destructive agent comes to us uuder the very expressive name of " vigorite," but the nature of its composition is at present kept a profound secret by its inventor, who is, we understand, a Swede. THE VATICAN AND THE FAIAK LAWS.—The Liberal press has made much capital out of the resignation of Heir vou Thimus. a valued judge, but a staunch Roman Catholic, of his judgeship in a court of appeal, as exemplifying the effects of the recent proclamation—supposed to emanate from Rome—according to wliich no Roman Catholic may lend a hand to the execution of the Falck laws ; if required to do so by his office he. is sooner to resign. Heir von Thimus's resignation followed immediately after. That gentleman, however, publicly declares it to have arisen not from regard to the direction alluded to, but solely from his advanced age. HORSE BREEDING.—The committee for horse breeding of the Landes-CEkonomie Collegium, now sitting at Berlin, has unanimously agreed that Government prizes are indispensable if the home breeding ot blood horses and racing is to be preserved without the corruption involved iu the English betting system. The committee has also resolved that the breeding of blood horses is not only a gentlemanly sport, but that it is the most necessary condition for the proper development of all horses—that of farm horses included. The committee pronouueed further in favor of the establishment of State committees for horse breeding, especially of a Prussian committee. THE NEW-PATTERN TARGET to be used in future for sea practice by Artillery Volunteers, to supersede the Shuttleworth target hitherto used, consists of a raft made of two pieces of deal 10 feet in length, 9 inches wide, and 3 inches thick, united together crosswise, and having an ordinary half-toil vat placed on it and secured by four wooden snugs aud four guy lines. A flagstaff 2.V inches in diameter aud 14 feet in height, witfr flag 4 feet 6 inches, is inserted upright in the vat and secured to the extremities of the raft. A flinch Tope 18js fathoms long, with an iron shackle at one end for attaching an anchor or grapnel, is also made fast to the raft. These targets will be allowed to Artillery Volunteer Corps in the proportion of one for each battery; the cost of placing the targets is, however, to be borne by the coips. In the event of a corps requiring a land instead of a floating target, a sum not exceeding £2 10s. will be allowed for its purchase. The hind targets are to have bull's-eyes of 9 inches diameter painted upon them. THE FIGHTING FISH.—It appears to be a favorite amusement among the natives of Java and .other East Indian Islands to arrange tournaments between these creatures, and they wato.ii their combats with un eagerness which would do credit to a confirmed bookmaker on the Turf. Bets pass as freely oil the result of the struggle as on any of our great sporting events, aud the establishment of a Tattersall's rooms among the dusky Malays offers a promising speculation to any enterprising individual. The selected champions are put in separate glass vessels, which are placed near each other, and the " first scene " comprises their ineffectual attempts to penetrate the intervening glass. In due time the fish become greatly excited, and continually change color, till at last they are almost black, their gill covers open out in a sort of Elizabethan frill or collarette on each side of their head, the tail and fins become phosphorescent in appearance, and beautiful colors of every hue intermittently tingle their scales. Still they cannot reach each other ; arid their auger is roused to its highest pitch, till at last combatant No. I is summarily transferred into the vessel containing combatant No. 2, and the real business begins. Rapid strokes of the' tail, and quick vibrations of the fins, follow, till oite or the other seeks safety in flight, and eventually jumps from the water, leaving his antagonist master of the field. THE OALLAN SCHOOL CASE.—The Rev. Mr. O'KccfTe has obtained a verdict in liis actios for libel against Mr. Coady, J.P., with sixpence of damages. Damages wens laid at £J0OU. ALDERMAN M'SWIXKY WU on December 1 elected !/JII1 Mayor of Dublin for the iccond time. He is Catholic and Liberal, but promised to introduce no jwlicies during his stay in office. THE KOYAI. 13AROS of beef destined to adorn Her Majesty's Christmas sideboard at Osborne, with the tiuie-honored boar's bead and game pie, lias ibis year been .selected from a magnificent three-year-old shorthorn ox, bred and fed by Her Majesty at the Prince Consort's Shaw Farm, Windsor, Great Pork. THK POPE on December 10 receircd a princely deputation ill the Hall of Consistory. The French Ambassador, with the l>nke of Norfolk and hi* sisters were jnwmt. A brief address was delivered to the Holy Father, whose answer was nl.wi brief, the l'oj>e'» voice lor once being rather weak. Archbishop Manning, later in the afternoon. j»aid a farewell vj-il to his Holiness. A .SEIZL-RK OF ARMS.—The other day the police entered a house in Dmican-rtreet, Cork, and seized fourteen Enfield rifles, eight breachloading l iflt-s (»»idors ft«dconverted),fifteen ring lock iiayoiji't', four sword l«vonets. and a box containing swn revolver bullet-moulds and ijnunlitv-if rifleand revolver cartridges, Ijesides various gun-iniihV McCarthy, the proprietor of liji- IciiiM-, ua s taken into custody. TKI: ASSIVKRSABY UP HHCTTING THK GATES or !>I:KRY, one of the two events which the Apprentice Boys rejoice to commemorate, was u.-licred in and celebrated after the manner of former displays. The Rev. A. Bailey preached the .nmiwv-ai-v ^-niinn at the cathedral. Afterward- the prow-sion paraded the city, and the outdoor proceeding terminated with "the cremation of the eflijiy of General Lundy,the traitor," in the piwact' of a large n^'nibbi^e. THE COURT OK CHANCKHV.—'The Lords Commiftfionei-s of the < Jreut Seal (Mr. Justice Lawson and blaster Brooke) sat for the last time on December 19. At the next .sitting of the Court of Chancery the Right Hon. Dr. Ball will take his ^eat as Lord Chancellor. The last sitting of the Court of Appeal, as at present constituted, wa? held on DecemWSl. When next the Court «.f Appeal Kits it will lie comjKised of Lord Chancellor Ball and Lord Justice Christian. The cvKsfitiou of a most inconvenient interregnum is stated to lie a source of general satisfaction at the Bar. ( 'AITCIIE OP A Swixni.ER.—Considerable excitement was caused in Coleraine the other day upon the arrival of a man named Cummins, under escort of a fJlas^'ow deteetire, Rome twenty victims wailing his reception. It appears Cummins, representing himself as commission agent for several large mercantile establishments across the Channel, succeed fid in obtaining farm produce from fanners in Magilligan, to the amount of £6000, promising payment in a few days. He sold the good«; to Coleraine merchant*, and made his way across to Glasgow, whither he was followed by Head Constable M'Keau, and captured. Cummins was lodged in gaol to await his trial. ST. ANDREW'S DAY was celebrated in Edinbwgh by the Freemasons. There were several hundreds of brethren present from lodges in Edinburgh and the provinces. Sir Michael Bobcrt Shaw Stewart was re-elected Graud Master Mason of Scotland, the Earl of Rosslyn being past Grand Master, the Earl of Keltic Deputy Grand Muster, Captain Oswald of Dunnikier Substitute Grand Master, Major Hamilton Ram say of Garion Senior Grand Warden, and Lord Rosehill Junior Grand Wnrden. Attar installation of the office-bearers the usual festival of St, Andrew was held. The speeches were entirely Masonic, and the toast of " The Grand Lodge of England," in proposing which tie Grand Master referred to the accession to office as Grand Master of the Prince of Wales, was received with loud and prolonged cheering. AN IRISH GHOST STOUV has generally some thing to do with the hanshw, or death warner, bu a supernatural incident which is said to have occurred in the wilds of Kerry the other day is .sufficiently thrilling, although the apparition concenued had no hereditary standing. It seems that a woman residing in Glenflesk received a call from the spirit of her husband, a " man of the funniug class, dressed in a shroud and white Blockings and gloves." The fanner in white gloves stated that since his death, some months back, although he ought to be in heaven, he was detained elsewhere .on account of owing a sum of .£15 to friends of his, and he begged of his wife to give him the money. The woman in full faith lmnded him £10, and promised to bring him rest in a few days if he came for it. Meanwhile she went and told the priest the circumstances of the ease, aud this gentleman acted very differently from the clerical monitor of Micky l'roe, who may, be, remembered W the readers of " Charles O'MalJey." "When the ghost in complete burial costume ai'fjved for the bank-, note he was at once received by a couple of police, and proved, as ghpstis do in our day. to be a mere pretender, playing a nait, who will have to answer for lijs misconduct before a magistrate. There was a touch of real dratoatic cunning in the fashion in which this rogue tried to impose on the simple widow. The shroud, the stockings, and, above all, the gloves, were at once recognisec by the poor woman as the. most fitting garments for her !iusliimd,^e 'they/wcre thelast m which lie jbad seen hint,' If he'jiad presented himself inthemore questionable guise of a flanneljacket flM cqjpduroj'S; shfiuiight jbayo wondered how : he cbhtriyod b nwctw«;a ^orige of working cjotbes. & -who haye some \- ' j^ogpedmg ^iicrejie'. flounces with ^U^Mym'ra^mB.,' Glenflesk ghost has not feuf fcw rijid ^erance jto chqhiel propertiesought 'to be,a- lesson to rthose who' i^pmvat spirits m shooting coafa or walking 