! THE GERMAN SETTLEMENT AT BOOKIE. A houe eslr.ioraiuiirj story ihau tb«t relating to a number of German settlers at Bookie, near Benalla, has seldom been told, and in this so-called ? enlightened' nineteenth century is hardly eredibb. 'When first the latter, referring to ihe facts appeared it was hardly believed, but subsequent events have proved that, although ihe &taternei-t; was somewhat exaggerated., the main facts of the narr.i ' 'live were true. That such gross super stition should exist now-a- days is certainly extraordinary, and proves at any rats tha1, yiere is darkness still exis'eut as gross and as incomprehensible as thnt which marked tho remote middle ages, and ihat ignorant people can as easily be led awav by blind enthusiasm as thej1 were 400 I ; . years ago, when pretended spiritual manifestations and revelations exercised such a pow.-rful and, at the same time, ''-? baneful influence over weak minds. We ? venture to say that a more curious story of superstition and folly never was told in the annals of a colony like ours. The \A&iu; facts of the affair are some what as follows, and are in the highest degree sensational, reminding us of the notorious Johanna. Southgate, in Kent, and the still more modern doings of the self-styled Peculiar People in Hampshire. About twenty miles beyond the JIajor Plains, on the Yarrawongarun, are located -. a company of about sixty Germans, ?who, ever since theii- settling there, have been in a wretchedly poor con dition, and to a great extent dependent upon the charity of a few kindhearted neighbors. At times their sufferings appear to have been, very great, and the ; vronder is that they should have been ia a state of semi-starvation for so many months without their condition being known to the ontside world. These : immigrants are natives of a small village . . in Silesia, and belonged to the Lutheran Church. A year or two ago, however, a young woman resident amongst them pretended to have received divine in \- : spiration, and whilst in apparent ? r epileptic fits, she indulged in pro phecies, which she asserted were re ceived from the Holy Ghost. Some of ? hese pretended prophecies relating to _ ? ocal matters of minor importance hap . ening to come true, she gained a great influence over the half- educated minds , _ of the simple villagers, who got to regard her in the light of a divinely inspired urobhetess. and blindlv and irrmiicirlv .-.-- believed all that she advanced. Last year, in one of her fits, she prophesied ..that shortly a terrible v-ar would break — out, which would lay waste the wliole of '; Germany, and commanded her adherents o accc-djpany her to Australia, where, if they only followed her directions, they would find comfortable homes, and plenty, and would ? shortly be enabled to return bj Jerusalem to Germany, where they ?would find rest and repose after their wanderings. Sixty-four infatuated per sons placed implicit confidence in what this woman, 3Iaeia Heller by name, told them, and putting together all then little ? savings into one common fund, took passage for Melbourne in the steamship Somersetshire, and arrived in April last, their money at , this time amounting to £210. Hearing that there were two farmers at Major Plains who came from their part of Germany, they acked up their baggage and camped at the place where they still reside. The two settlers alluded to, Messrs Cakl and WiLLLur Srejtdt, behaved with the inmost kindness' lu tbeir poor I'CML-Med countrymen — who at first were somewhat cast down at not uv.etiug wish the paradise they had espscted to find — and £ applied :hem v.ith the ncces s;rits of life am! money, for which they seem to have b=en auyiuing but grateful. Iu fact many of them, thanks to iha influence exerc^ed over them by the ucinan IIellee appear lo ha\e pre feried living a life of idle loifi'.g to eu gnging in honest work. It seems pass ing s'rasjge that dest'i'e t' e vondi ion to which they were i-oui t':uj to time re duced, their f-.ith in Ui-'irm-.a p:opi^t-S3 should wi*b o::e or two ex;-, [j'.ig* s juvo iemninea u 'bij..ken : 'ei sujsi sterns to havo been the cise. Her ihfiue.'ice ore. ??lie majority has been bmmr.'ess, and without questioning ^hey have blindly done her bidding, even although sickoess privation, aud death ofiimes stared them in the face. Th-r-y seem per feJtiy convincsd that in coming to Australia thev followed an Almighty command, and in Fpite of the manifest failure of their expectations their bf- iu-f is not- shaken. Such an unreason:ib!e faith is to bs a mystery and only shows how easy it is to trade on the croduii'y of the. ignorant and the impressible. They have sek-cied 890 acres, but have paid no rent and have but a small por tion of it under cultivation — only some 60 acres. They persistently, with, t-vo ?jxcep'ion?, have refused to go into ser vice tiuu have for mouths past subsisted on hamper and a few vegetables. The Vvora:in, who a century cr two ago would certainly have been hurtit rs a witch, made thtm do what she pleased, and the whole story of the settle ment as published, is probably willi out piraiicl. ia ihc-so modern times. Although a great deal of sickness has been prevalent miring the few months of their residence, and eight deaths have oc curred, no medical aid was ever sought for, buc the woman Hellue merely prayed over theic. and when they dic-i, had them consigned to a rude cemetery in the vicinity of their enco.ru; meat. As a proof of tiu power wit-Lied by' Hellee, an old man made the following statement to Inspector A. B. Smith. who was cotaraitsionod lo visit the place. He seid :— '?' ily same is Gael Scholtze. I am 56 yea^s of age. I consider myneif the siepf:uher of Maeia Helleb. Shs is 33 years of age. I am her stepfather, because her parents are deai. I have kmwn her about five years. I knew her at Jhordr.nton. near Hainan, in Silesia. She has not nlwayg had thc-s-3 fits. She is not actually sick, but when she is iu a trance she has conversations with iisavuniy spirits. x oenevo iuui is as true cs (here is a God in heaven. I am convinced that tha ghost (spirit) of our Saviour converses with her in the same mauner as is mentioned ia the Bible. The spirit of God speaks through her mouth when she is one of those fits. I am aware the law iias been broken by bury tha bodies of the dead without giving notice to the authorities— but what waro we to do ? We cannot sneak English. The notices of the first three death3 were s:nt to the police through Carl Bbexdt. .. We *.!so sent him the other five notices, but he refused to send them on. Maeia does not interfere in cases of sickness. We could not send for a doctor because wa had no money. No doctor would come all this distance without payment. We have not much food. I think if seme of those who are dea^i hnd Lad good foad they wouid not havo died so soon. I do not know how often Maeia has these trances. She had one last night. I do not know whether she received any message from heaven. We left Silesia to^come here because we were commanded to do so bjr the Almighty.' The woman was interviewed, and did not seem at all comfortable at being inter rogated, Lu'. at length, iu reply to re peated enquiries, said : — '?' I have had these trances since childhood. I dou't kuow what happens to me when I am iu them. I believe the Lobd speaks to me then. I only know that the Lobd has ordered me to live a quiet life, and (ex citedly) I deny that I was ever married, or had anything to do with men. I don't attempt to guide or interfere with these people or their children. I don't try to prevent them going to work. The only thing I try to do is to keep them to their religion, and to bring the child ren up in the right way. I am a Lutheran by religion, but I believe that the Almighty often speaks to me.' The wants of these poor people have been temporarily relieved, and it is satis factory to know that steps will be at once taken to put them ia a fair way towards providing for their own wants. Anyone reading the account as given by a special reporter of the Argus, who in company with Inspector Smith visited the spot, would wonder that such a state of things could possibly exist ; that people could thus be led away by an ignorant enthusi ast and could be induced thus to sacrifice home and comfort to the promptings of a fanatical superstition. The facts, how ever, cannot be gainsayed and it is to be hoped that the woman will be removed from her followers and the poor people disabused of their fallacies. 