SWAN RILL. ["from our own coiuiespondent]. June 20th. The cry here is now " too much rain." as it lias been raining continually for weeks past. One of the conseqiiences is that it is keeping the brickniakers back from their work of making bricks for the new State school, which I ani afraid will not bo up to tender time in August next. The Shire Council is expending £10 in the formation of a foot-path on one side of our street. It would be an improvement if they were to do something to the roads, which are in a disgraceful state in some parts of the town ship. Persons ask " where is the Swan Hill Common." The three gentlemen who were appointed trustees have never acted, and now all the common is taken up by selectors. I believe that the Shire Council intend to oppose I any moro selections near the township. It is a pity tliat Only gentlemen who will act are not appointed, and not lock the door when the I steed is stolen. Our police are very strict, and should a poor unfortunate take it into his head to enjoy himself and sing in the streets, he would soon find quarters free, from seV.en days to a month (not less) in Constable M'Bride's oflice. Perhaps a small fine, or twenty-four hours would meet such simple cases, and not do harm to business people. It frightens bushmen from spending their cheques freely. The river is fine aud liigli'here. In the flat the water is over tho bank. The arrival and departure of the stoamoi'8 make things look very brisk hero; • ■ THE DEATH OF MR. WILLIAM TYSON, SENIOR. The Hay Standard states that information reached Hay, by telegraph, on Wednesday last, to the effect that Mr. William Tyson, sen., had died a day or two previously, at his station, in the Warrego district. The intelligence was communicated as soon as possible to his son William, at Juanbong station. The Goulbuhn" District.—A correspondent of the Age writes as follows :—" The Goulburn and Broken rivers, as well as the numerous creeks and water-courses of the district, have been for the past week most dangerously high. Never since the destructive floods of 1S70 has the rainfall been so heavy and continuous. Several homesteads in the direction of the Seven Creeks have been completely liooded-out, and there have been some narrow escapes from drowning. The worst feature of the case is that there seems little or no prospect of any change and farming operations are at a standstill. It is reported that the State schools are closed, owing to tlie impassability of the roads and creeks, and it must be confessed that this new interruption to the business of the schools, com ing as it does almost immediately after the thin attendances during the late epedemic, will play sad havoc with the school returns for this quarter." Destructive Fire in Melbourne.—The Age reports that just before twelve o'clock on Monday night, smoke was observed to be issuing from the store of Messrs. Tlios. Luke and Co., tea merchants, King-street. Shortly after the flames burst through the roof of the adjoin ing store, belonging to Messrs. Francis and Macpherson, and from thence the lire descended into the topmost floor and that beneath. Strenuous efforts were made to quench the flames here, as it was fdared that the next store, occupied by Messrs. Russell and Gillespie, flour merchants, would take fire. This, how ever, was prevented, and by half-past one the brigades had obtained complete mastery, and fear of further extension was at an end. How the fire originated is unknown, but it is said that there were persons employed in Messrs. Luke and Co's. until after eleven o'clock, What in- j surances are effected on the property will not be known until next dayj but the insurance offices | are said to be heavy sufferers. I An Exciting Chase.—Oil-Saturday; says the Southern Argus, senior-constable Gall was escorting a .prisoner charged with horse-stealing to Goulburn, when the latter, taking advantage of the momentary abstraction of his custodian, bolted, and. was immediately pursued by the constable, who fired five times at him, but missed his: aim each time. The escaped man made for the Shoalhaven G ully, which lib crossed, closely followed by his pursuer, who, however, in endeavoring to effect a crossing, fell down a precipice and sustained some painful injuries. Upon the .arrival of assistance, tlio constable was conveyed to a neighboring habitation, and Dr. Gentle immediately sent for. That gentleman started from Goulburn at 5 o'clock tlie next morning for the scene of the disaster, and on reaching there found that the constable had been very severely bruised and shaken, but fortunately there were no limbs broken. Having admini stered to his medical requirements, Dr. Gentle left him in atolerably easy state. The quondam prisoner made good his escape. , Great Commercial Failure in Melbourne. —The event of Friday, in Melbourne (states tlie Daily Telegraph,) in city circles was the meeting of creditors of Messrs. M'Ewan and Co. The balance-slieetsliowed liabilities amount ing to £86,000, and a .deficiency of £45,000, irrespective of contingent liabilities amounting to £23,000. Mr, B". S. Smith's report con tained statements that" he could not fully., trace out the position of the firm in con sequence of the Colonial Bank having posses sion of the information he required. This led to a warm and angry discussion, and to a unanimous resolution on the part of the creditors—who became very excited at the close, —to wind the estate up in the Insolvency Court, in order that thejr might elicit the facts of the case. The Colonial Bank appears as the largest creditor, but we learn that any loss the bank will sustain on this occount will be met from their guarantee fund, without touching the reserve fund, or ordinary profits of the lialf ye'ar. •' <' The Duties of Town Inspector.—At the .weekly meeting of the Sandhurst City Council (reports the J3cndigo Advertise)') the Town Clerk submitted the following brief summary of the Town Inspectors- work. "Schedule of. duties to be performed "by the inspector of nuisances, City of Sandnurst :—1. To report himself each morning (Sundays excepted) at the Town Clerk's office'at 9.30 a.m., to receive in structions. 2. Examine complaint book each morning, and any complaint entered to be attended to at once. 3. To examine blocks of city, and either give verbal or printed notice to remove nuisance. 4. To carry out the by-laws of the City Council; 5. To summon all cases of encroachments on streets or footpaths. 6. To summon all persons who neglect to obtain Councils's permission to bpen streets, footpaths, deposit building materials, erecting 'crossings over footpaths, blasting rock, erecting signs over footpaths, &c; 7\. To serve notice and prosecuto under tlie Thistle Statute. 8. To prevent as far as possible the Council's property being damaged or injured. 9. Lodging-house inspector. The inspector lias the services of a constable in plain clothes to. assist him carrying out by-laws, and inspecting bWclcs, serving notices, and reporting as to the result of each notice. The health officer does not accompany the inspector unless in cases where the parties summoned to the court. Constables in suburbs report to inspector any nuisance that may happen in their respective sub-districts ; action is taken by notice, the constables servo and report result to inspector. The sunlinoiises applied for by the inspector are in every case j granted free." For these services the inspector receives £75 per annum. A Fleshly Ghost.—It appears that the good people of Castlemaine have had their "souls frighted" by a ghostly visitor recently, which as it afterwards turned out, was not a mystery of nothingness, but, as the M. A. 3-failremarks, "a ghost of genuine flesh and bone, in fact a religious maniac, well greased, so that if caught he would but slip through the fingers. Some of i the ladies who have seen him affirm that he is a perfect Proteus, and that in consequence of the late heavy rains he has been enabled to take an excursion from the " vasty deep"—his natural habitation ; other that it is Pluto in search of Proserpine^ who is said to have skedaddled from her lord and master lately, assigning as a reason that ho lias turned wife-beater; again, in the eyes of those who do not suffer from nervousness, he is no other than Comus; but when all is said and done, it ; would;; appear—when the police are about^-lie' turns out to be Gyges. However, let him be Pluto or any other mythological god, man, or demon, if he be caught by Policeman X., and chastised with his baton, tlie verdict of the ladies will be— " Sarve him right." Mb. McBain, M.L.A:—There is considerable dissatisfaction in the Winimera district (says tlie Horsham Times) in consequence of the absence of Mr. McBaiu from his representative duties; and the feeling lias culminated iii a let ter being forwarded to the Speaker of the Assembly,.calling upon him to declare his scat vacant. The communication come from the Winimera Shire Council, and the cause of its being forwarded is that " the inlportiliice of the district is daily increasing, and tlie want of a representative in Pariiament is strongly and seriously felt." New Catholic Church.—We see by the Daily Telegraph that Mr. T. A. Kelly, architect, of Elizabeth-street, has received instructions to prepare plans for a new Roman Catholic church at EcV.uca. The Manufacture of Colonial Brandy.— From the Border Post, we learn that Mr. J. T. Fallon, the proprietor of the Murray Valley Vineyard', has secured the services of Mons. Frere, who lias had many years of experience in the wine- growing and brandy distillation districts of France. On the first of May last, this gentleman distilled fifty gallons of brandy from wine made from the grapes grown in the Murray Valley Vineyard last season, and though it had not thoroughly completed the process of fermentation, yet the results, so far, were highly satisfactory. The still used is one of the ordinary description, but the process of tillatioe was directed in accordance with the practice pursued in Cognac. Samples are iri course of preparation for exhibition at the Melbourne Intercylonial and Philadelphia Inter colonial Exhibitions. These include—1. The pare spirit as it ran from the still, which, is 15 deg. over proof. 2. The spirit prepared as pale brandy and rectified to proof strength. 3. The spirit prepared as dark brandy, also rectified to prooj strength, 4. The pure spirit as prepared by the unskilled last year. Besides these samples for the purpose of comparison. M. Frere has also samples of Hennussy's pale, and Martell's dark brandies, and notwithstanding the age of foreign spirits is three years, and the Murray Valey only six weeks, the latter com pared very favorably. So far the distillation is purely exyerimectal, and only for exhibition purposes. Adventure with a Porpoise.—The Towns ville Times (Queensland) relates the following ex traordinary adventure with a porpoise :—" One of the most singular accidents that we have ever heard of happened to the captain and two hands belonging to the schooner Henry Albert, on her last trip to the Herbert River. On arriving off the mouth of the river, the captain and tvt o men started from the vessel to the shore in the ship's boat, and when about half way were not a little surprised at receiving two heavy bumps in quick succession, on the bottom of the boat. Next cailie a volume of water, and with-it came some-. thing'Soundering into the boat, Jwliicli knocked the man pulling the bow oar clean into the water ; and before the other man had time to turn round, lie received a similar blow on the back which sent him overboard also. The cap tain at this got np from his seat in the stern sheets to find out the cause of the mysterious disappeareuce of his men, and on liis stepping across one of the thwarts he received a blow on the back of the head which sent him into the water after his crew; Up to this time they, were perfectly ignorant as to what manner of animal or monster they were indebted • to for thus tak ing possession of their boat; One thought it was an alligator, while another swore, it must have been a shark, but the iiight was so dark it'was difficult to tell. Presently their doubts were i removed by tlie boat filling with water, when a large porpoise^ about 7ft. in length, •' suddenly scrambled out of it, apparently as much terrified" its the men at his extraordinary position. For tunately the watijr was rather shallow where the accident occurred, or the men ruight have been drowned, as none of them could, swim. The captain, on tumbling' into the water, found bottom, and after quieting the men's fcara,- th~ey righted the boat, and bailed her out with their hats. They lost one of the paddles in the ex citement, and had to wade ashpie; dragging ,the: boat after them. . The. porpoise,, on getting out of the boat, passed over one of the men, who imagined it was a shark, and that his last hour had come. ■ ■ 