THE FATE OF FAIRT FRANCES. Chapter L THE PRESENT. . It was on a bright morniog, when the sun, with foil promise of coming ardour, was sending showers of golden arrows through the pink apple-blossoms, now folly out, in the quaint, moss-grown, old orchard at Rrocdish Manor. A chair, with books was under one of the largest trees ; beside it a stool, whereon lay a hat hastily thrown down by a beautiful, womanly-looking girl of about twelve, who seemed the fairy of the place, as, pressing back her golden hair, which litterally glistened in the sunlight, she listened with sparkling eyes, and her peachy cheeks aglow with pleasure, to a big, foolish-looking lad, who had just come stealing softly into the orchard, glancing back again and again, to see if he were followed. " Got a prize for me, Jack ?" said the girl, excitedly. " What is it V " Don't yon talk so loud," said the lad, apprehensively, " or you'll have that cook hear you, and she'll fetch me back directly." "Never mind her," said the girl. "Tell me what it is." " Ah, yon may say 'never mind,' Mistress Frances, because yon don't care ; but I do. I'm 'fear'd of her. She never took your victuals away "; she never hit you on the head with a wooden platter, nor made at you with a spit, like riie at me hundreds of times, till I get dreaming about her. She's a horrid woman P . " Oh, but, Jack," cried the girl, clap ping her hands, and laughing, "do tell me what it is "What is it!" said Jack, the hslf- . witted help. "Why, I've run away when I ought to be scouring pots ; but I blew voo were here, miss, so I came away, and Hark 1 Was that her railing y Plainly enough, a wotttftii'g -fill rill voice was heard calling Jack; aha.ihe lad, with real -terror- depicted on bis tw. darted to the end of the orchard, where he turned, and made signs for the girl to follow, which she did, langhing. merrily, till she readied the spot where hestbod. "Why, yqn silly old Jack," die cried, "to be afraid of Molly, who js as good as can be!" ... . " Yes," said the lad ; " so she is to you. But she'll kill me some day ; I know she mil !" And he -began to rub his eyes with. iua jpeat " knnrhins. "Everybody's good to you, Mistress Frances ; bat they don't like me as they do you." ; - - " Never mind, Jade. FJ1 be as good to yen as they areto me;" said the girl ; " only tell me what you've got" " But will you I" said Hie lad, brighten ing up at her words. - . . ; " "To be sure I wilL So -now let me know what the nrize is." . "Come along/ said the, lad,beriron- ing to her mysteriously .; W»d he leff har; out through the bottom end of the orchard, to where commenced an old wood foil of huge, .heavy trees, which ' towered up, and made aU- foriow a3enl». sombre, and solemn-looking as fche aisles of some huge cathedral r The ground was covered with decayed wood, which crackled beneath their foet; and only hoe and verdure, the absence rffjight "and proving fatal to iaR plahte that coiM pS.: force their way upitowtere/the ton- drone. \\. i "Look!" said Jai.tSftrgJs®; the sluggish wa -'thnpgltt,: in his » big to become rifothri- beingtef-li® foe woods he joved to roatfo— "look! a tree creeper," he #nn, and pointing /. : flitted before them to iw i great bole, and began to nm m")ike n mbpse. "And bark F' he 'cried,- holding lop one finger, as a soft cooing noise Camel floating amongst the trees. " Doves. Do you hear them1? Tknowilhriraest Would you like to have two young doves 1" " Oh, yes, Jack, so much 1". cried tbe girl, clapping her hands. " They could live in the mag's cage. Do get them." Jack nodded. " Not yet Eve got something better for yon." . " Well," cried the little maiden, pout ing, " do — do — do tell me -what it is i" . " It's," said , the lad, mysteriously — "it's " He stopped, ran a few yards back, and listened. Then he returned. " She ain't calling now," be said, "and she's too fat to run out here." " Of conrse she is Jack," cried the girl, half laughing, half vexed " How yon do tease ! Now tell me what it is f' The lad nodded. " Do you remember the owlet I got you from up in the ivy chimney !" "Tes — Old Goggles," said the girl. "Well?" " It's better than that Do you recol lect the squirrel ?" " Oh, yes !" " And the big raven that used to peck Molly f Here he glanced apprehensively round. " Oh, never mind Molly and the raven, Jack P she cried, bursting out into a silvery, ringing laugh. " Tell me directly what it is 1" " Come here, then," said the lad, tak ing her arm, and leading her away fur ther into the wood, where he stopped and pointed npwards to where, in the extreme tops of the great trees, was a heronshaw, the nesting-place of the great long-beaked birds, who went to -and fro upon their heavy flap wings to the hol lows, jnarshes, and mires, feeding on the frogs and tiny fish found on the margin of the brooks, and enjoying uninterrupted repose year after year. The nests were thick as those of a great rookery ; and as they looked np, two or three of the . awkward long-legged birds came, evi dently laden with food for their noisy broods. " But," said the girl, " I dont under stand." " What f said Jack. "I thought you understood everything, and could road and write, as well as play and sing. I'm going to climb the tree, and get you one of the young ones. He'll make a won derful pet" The girl clapped her hands again ; but she stood looking dreamily aside, as if wondering whether to be pleased or vexed; while the lad, with an activity that his appearance did not promise, set about climbing one of the highest of the trees, up which at a giddy height could be seen the great ragged nest of a pair of herons, by the side of which one of them solemnly sat peering at the viators be low. "Will it be safe, Jack, to climb np there J" said the girl, nervously. " It wouldn't be safe for Molly," said the lad, drawing himself up ; "but I can get up." The girl laughed heartily at the idea of the Btont dame essaying such a feat, and then her cheek flushed and her heart palpitated as she watched the lad's pro ceedings, as he climbed higher and higher, drawing himself up with his sinewy arms, till, at about fifty feet high, he sat astride a great horizontal branch, and paused to rest " Oh, Jack !" said the girl, anxiously, " come down ; I don't like it I'm sure it isn't safe !" " Safe 1" laughed the ' lad, all anima tion ; "it's lovely np here. I should like to live in a tree. If there were no cooks 1" he added to himself " But I'm afraid you'll foil, and the branches are so thin higher up." " Don't you be 'fear'd," said the lad, preparing to climb higher ; " I shan't tumble ; but if I did.it wouldn't matter; lads like me ain't worth much 1" " Ah, but, . Jack " cried the girl, looking glnm at the thought of snch a catastrophe. Then she became silent, for be paid no heed to her call, only climbed doggedly higher and higher, till the tree began to swing and sway with his weight, and the girl tried to look aside, but remained fascinated, as it were, and watching him attentively in perfect silence. Higher he went, and higher; for it was a mighty tree, towering above the others ; but selected by the lad ou account of its presenting certain facilities for climbing, which had caught his fancy. Away went the parentrherons in a heavy flight, stretching out ueck and legs to their utmost extent ; while the inhabi tants of neighbouring trees, alarmed by the invasion, shunned their nests, leaving their young crouched at the summits of the trees, apparently in profound igno- ttace.of the fate that awaited their new relation.- .. .. ; 1 ; Up and npWtjack, till, at last, jmntingand weary, he chrngjaatLeoeath one of -their great nests,which morere- eembled a platform of stickB than -any- thingelse, and prepared cautiously! or his last attack. ' .. .. The caution .was needed, for when, at last, he drew himself np with his face level with the edge of the nest, there came an arrow-like dart from a sharp bill, and then another, and another, only to be avoided vnthThe" greatest care. , Two .- of these darts and snaps he had received npim- handj'-br'Btretriiing andscj-eaming : most hideously, he made prisoner of bne of the birds, whbse legs, wings, and beak, seemed all endowed, with a eeparato life, . and determination to bej.,:at".anf ' R"'f Bat the straggles were vain. Jack had provided himself wtii a long string, r forwo eel-line ; hiler lying e'beakhnd legs Of the ngly lnoneter he hadjcaptared/ |» Jlow«nr ins' 'prize Bloitiy tiowii to wjiero the giri stood exritedkml Wonder- Ingj 'bat afrMd to tonch the bird, which, :i&&then; irafrhiiig -ihe-.-stringiiLa Sttinp, fall of over sixty feet. There was nothing for his feet to touch, and be was banging right away from the trnnk. For awhile his fote seemed sealed ; bnt by agitating his body, ' he awnng himself to and -fro, giving'himself and the bough more and more impetus, till, just as it was parting its last fibres, he, preparing for a final swing, quitted his hold, and landed amidst the thick foliage of a branch lower down, from whence, without much difficulty, -he reached the ground. " Oh, Jack J" said the girl, " I thought you L had killed yourself; and it was so horrible, I wished I had not let yon go." . . "Never mind that," said the lad, laughing. " I did go, and here I am ; and we've got the heron. Isn't he a beauty 7" That was, of course, a matter of taste ; but there he waB,' and Jack undertook to help to feed him until he grew more tame; and less disposed to examine the eyes of his captors with the point of his bill " And now I must go back, Jack," said the girl; "and here's Master Le- grice coming to see me to go on with my lessonB — and who's this with him I Oh, Jack 1 it's that horrid man, Cousin Spalding." In effect, coming through the trees could be seen two figures ; the one of a gray-haired, pleasant-foced old man ; the other of a broad-shouldered, well-dressed fellow of some five- and-twenty years. There was a smile npon his face, bnt it could not strike anyone as being genuine. There was a sinister look, too; about him, one eye having a tendency to stray from the path of rectitude pursued by its fellow. " Aha 1" he exclaimed ; " here is my fair little cousin and he advanced to wards her . with open arms. But the girl stood silent and watchful for a moment ; then, like a startled fawn, ehe sprang aside, and darted behind the old man. " My child," he exclaimed, "for shame ! Here is Master Spalding, who has ridden twelve miles to see you, and you — " He did not finish, for the girl looked imploringly in his foce for a moment, then turned Aid fled, closely followed by Jack, and disappeared amongst the trees. " Ton must forgive her, Master Spald ing," said the old man. " She leads so retired a life here, that a stranger frigh tens her. It is very seldom that we have a visitor." "And does she behave like this to every stranger, Master Legrice ?" said the other, looking the old man keenly in the foce. " Well," he said, frankly, " no ; I can not Bay rile does. But we came upon her unawares. This has been some bird- nesting expedition, and she was alarmed — fended that she would be blamed." " There, there, there ! No more ex cuses, Master Legrice. I am a plain man, and speak plainly. I can read it . as if it were written in the book yon carry beneath your arm. Tou are her tutor, and it is part of your instructions to teach her to look npon me as the ser pent which tries to enter this her fine Paradise." " Indeed, good Master Spalding — " " Hear me out, old man 1" said the other, passionately. "I know how my cousin hates me, and gives me credit for looking hungrily, and with covetous eyes upon his lands. He knows that after the girl I am the heir, and he thinks that I should gladly see her removed, as he would call it, in liis clerkly Cambridge ways, to a happier sphere ; and so I am to be looked npon with suspicion as a poacher, and in eveiy way but by word of mouth told to keep my distance." " Indeed, good sir, yon do her father and all of us wrong." " Wrong, when I am avoided, and the scullion is chosen for her play mate !" " The poor lad loves to get her birds and pets ; seeks berries for her ; catches her fish ; is her very slave at all times !" " A pretty companion, truly !" " Companion is hardly the term, Master Spalding, said the old man, with dignity. " He is her servant; and obeys her word even as every one here does, for we all love the dear child from our heart of hearts. She is a vary qneen in this retired spot. Housekeeper, maids, farm-servants, and all seek to do things that may please her. Come to the house, dear sir, and let as seek her, and I will soon prove to yon you misjudge us alL As to her good father, I believe he never mentioned your name to me at all." " Of course not ! His poor cousin is too low — too much of a beggar F' " No, no f said the old tutor, smiling in a pleasant, benevolent way. "My master is seldom here, so let me show yon the rites of hospitality. Yon have ridden long.; yon are hot and tired ; come to the house," and . let me send for refreshments." "Corse the house, and her father, and the. child ! May ill come to her and him for their contempt of me I I see It all — I see it all ; and some day, per haps, it may be remembered in a way you Hulatbiiik of -.how. I cameinall 'good fellowship, aui npiriibonrly,' -con- siiily love, and what is my greeting 9 I am 6conted and' treated with contumely 1 Eind sir, ! wish you good day." . .. He said those last ..words with a mocking smile/as he hurried bade to the farmyard, where his horse was held; and by the time the old tutor, had readied the; laWn, he . was galloping furiouriyaway. . .Chatter IL , .. a r.tbrrjtr. ggt. . ; It -was a quaint old place, that Brock- dish Kali, built in the early days of the Heniya,..wheb'.men made their -mansions riot only for dwelling-placet; hut also for homes where, they .might 'find- .safety against' -some -fleree nmghbour,' -or. the lawless -bands that rpamed -tite conntty/ Time ris . when such abodes held -war agawst irobps eentl hy kihgB, aid it 'was to meet such "Muelgendea 'as these that 'the bbilders made hoge waUs .of miglity, time-defying l| thidrness,' strengthened them with vaht butbnses, -and; gave 'to toe interiors tecret doors and passages, that ; the ownere might UBe in times Of peril, when Taoat and wall -had been inaoiflitieht to depended oir -Isudi proteptiOn ris. lhey roohi'afi tjhemstiyto. . : -.;®ut .Sro&diBh;.ha<L gone, vastly to Was in riiins, covered Jy tlie clinging satisfy the desires! MtSwealiord. These old rooms were furnished in a bygone fashion -; bnt the fnrniture was rich and gqod, massive, and noble with carvings. . Tlbere were deep-bayed, stained-glass windows, which changed the- colours of the outer sun shine, and died the old oaken floors with a thousand hues ; curious, gloomy pictures of ancestors on the tiMls ; old books and dusty parchments ; in fact, an old-world look about it all ; #d as if to make the most frequented of these rooms more singular, there often sat little Frances and her tutor, old Legrice : — youth and age, in their most pic turesque forms, sitting, perhaps, in one of the old bays, with the light bathing together the golden hair of the child and the silvery, time-tonched locks and beard of the tutor. For here they learned and taught, she gathering wisdom from his lips, and growing daily more quaint and thought ful. At times, too, they would study out on the lawn, by where the old carp glided abont in the shallow pond, With the soft spring breeze gently rustling the ivy on the wall, or turning some creaking vane Sir up above the red- bricked chimney-stacks. Or, as on the day we introduced the- girl, the pink- blossomed orchard would be the study, and learning be imparted beneath the apple-trees, where, perhaps ages before, holy men had walked, when, maybe; the garden was planted with the simples that still remained. But little Frances — Fairy Frances, as they called her — was not sad for all this. At times she would be grave and 'serious enough ; at others, merry and light- hearted, full of a sweat, innocent girl's merriment; and ready to trip almost wildly away upon some snch errand as the taking of the heron's nest The heron was the chief pet now, for, under the fostering care of its mistress and Jack; it seemed to grow perfectly satisfied with the Luge basket in which it was placed, and ready to open its great bill, scissor fashion, for the food that was brought; while the girl langhed heartily at its comic, ragged aspect, of which it mended, though, day by day, and no one thought how important a part the bird would some day play in its mis tress's history, A week or two passed, and the silence of the out-of-the-world place was broken by the arrival of the master, -who came down from bnsy toil at Cambridge, for a few days' rest and tranquility in the home where be placed his child. And now books were set aside for the nonce, and she. kept holiday, ruling the two old men for. the. time being, they laughingly giving np to all her whims. Jack would be summoned, and the boat dragged from its resting-place among the reeds; ready for the little parly to em bark, and float down the lazy stream, in a soft, dreamy way.- Now the river widened out to a broad lake, whose shallows were waving with reeds, amidst which were mazy channels, where the rower might wander for hours, now dis turbing shoals of fish, which darted off like silvery arrows ; now a matron duck would sail away with her brood of brown balls of worsted ducklings ; a heron would rise lazily from spearing fish, and flap away; or a dull, booming croak, and a rustle amongst the reeds, would tell the party that they had come sud denly upon the home of the brown ruffle- necked bittern, the heron's first cousin. There was always something new as they floated on over the wild, watery region, then not drained and reduced to such order as is now the case. Little Frances was alwayB alert for something fresh, and her tutor did not foil to en courage the love of natural history. Her father lay in the stem of the boat, smiling at his child's impatience to in spect the little reed-bird's nest, or tbe narrow lane where the dusky coot had just disappeared, after turning its white- patched head to gaze for a moment at the interlopers ; while, ever and again, wild ducks of many breeds would dart out, stare for a moment at the strangers, and then scud hastily away into their reedy fortress. They.-are wildly beautiful places now, these Norfolk lands, even in this nineteenth, century, when the contrac- tOrB ltiUJll L«e - jvbjibJ BivinTjr 4l<i>f can be drained ; but then there was a weird grandeur in their solitary recesses, -where Nature's children were rarely visited, and the curious had always some thing new to repay their search. Jack had generally contrived the night before such trips to go out and Bet his litres — short ones, with hooks baited with live fish, and attached . to small blown bladders, leaving them for the next day's visit, -when, with a short crook, the girl nsed to be stationed in the bow of the boat, ready to secure them and draw them into the boat. The chances -were that after some time they; would have a long and exciting, chase,, the pike that swarmed |o Hie waters hating taken the bait, and' when the boat approached darting away with the bladder, skimming along the surface of the. water, and evading the hooked stick for long enough together. A perfect monster . of "twtoty or thirty pounds weight, would sometimes he their prize, d; ihe SMed ' into the boat amidst quite a scehe of excitement, owing to the resistance of -the great fresh-water shark. .'.Viv ' The putyhad returned one 'morning jfrom : such a trip, and were about to partake of the mid-day met!,' whto there came the sound of horses' feet approach ing, and the -child ran to the window, memly to look out ; bnt only to shrink away, turn pale, and come bade to stand' beside her fothti-'s chair. -. "Why, what now?" he said. "Is auytiiingtiiematter i" J.'.--.. ;.. "No, nothing," the child said hastily. " Then why those frightened looks? Who is it that comes ? " ."It is ' Master | Edward J Hpaldiog," said ,the' tutor,. quietly. "He is uow -crossing .the girden, after leaving his horsobyHie;Kte-" r. " Ah l"- said -old Bpalding, quietly-; aud it' ;see_ by .his manner Jthat hB /was not best pleased with the tisit. But he said 'no more, only rose iand welcomed- his cousin courteously, if Witonoshowbfcordiality.. ' ' i in titne for-diriner," contin, he said.- -"Master /Legrice, will you place a chtirforburghest/'-i "" - - ' Edvtiiti;%tidii ttotend'atiiilii, and trace of - the 'aiiy- thtiinti- ui/nhith -he' hid left' huhftejr". Tbe giri involuntarily shrank back, then, raising her eyre, she.notie|3:'ikci look of wonder in her father's face, and hastily taking a step forward; she allowed her kinsman to take her in bis arms and kS'her with effusion. " He's come to borrow . money/' thought old Spalding, frowning, as he saw tbe half shunning way in which the child received thesaliitesandhurriedaway to her seat. " I half frightened my little cousin last time I came," said Edward Spalding, gaily. "She did not seem to know mc in my big jack boots, and ran away. Pretty child ! how like hex mother she grows." . As he spoke, his eyre encountered those of the tntor, gazing on him in a half-amazed but still placid manner, for the old man was recalling the virulent curses that this man had showered around when upon the last visit. " A poor, disappointed man, who has set his mind npon money as the real element of happiness," he thonght. " How little he knows of its worthless- ness as compared to the riches of know ledge 1 " So mused the old tutor as he calmly partook of bis meal, watching the while over the welfare of his little pupil, who had always a ready smile, and who, when the repast was at an end, eagerly jumped up, and placed her hand in his, to accompany him to the garden, where they were soon afterwards seated beneath the great walnut tree, whose peculiarly scented leaves stretched over the clear waters of the pond, green with great, broad lilies, amidst which were Bilver and golden bads thrust from the cool, clear depths, and others expanded into great chaliceB, which floated upon the surface of the pooL Here; in the cool shade, flecked with a golden net of sunbeams, tire couple sat, busy with some old work, whose interest gave to the child a rapt air of attention, as the old man read slowly on. They were full in view of the couple in the dining-room, who, with their wine before them, gazed through the open window at the pleasant scene. Old Spalding's foce was all aglow with pleasure as he sat watching them, pat ting to his lips at timks bis glass of Venetian make, all waves and twists, and strangely coloured by the rich old Burgundy wine within.' He did not like his consin, but he foigot the dislike for the time bring, and pnshed towards him the tall flask that matched the glasses — a ilMk— rritli <mrinnaly WTOUfiht filaSS handles, twisting and twining round the neck like crystal snakes. " Come, cousin," he said, " drink. That Burgundy will make your blood rich and generous. Take another glass." " Will it make yours generous too, cousin ? " said Edward Spalding. " I hope so/' was the reply. " Come, speak oat, man ; what is it ? Yon want some money 1 " There was a few minutes' silence, and then the visitor said, f Well, yes, I do, consin. I own I am much pressed for a couple of hundred crowns, and I have come to ask for the loan." "They are yours, cousin," said the old man ; " and may they do you good. But look at yon Nay, nay ; no thanks ! " he exclaimed, hastily, as the other grasped his hand. "But I must thank yon for your noble — your true generosity ! " exclaimed Edward. " Your goodness to me, Cousin Spalding, quite unmans me. How can I repay it f " " By giving your service to my child," said the old man solemnly. " That is, if 6he needed help, which, thank heaven 1 she does not. Still, I am getting old, and I know it well ; and when I am gone, Edward, this is a cold and treacher ous world." " Make me her guardian, Cousin Spal ding," said the other, drawing his chair nearer, " and my nim through life shall be her welfare. What do you say V The old man filled his glass, held it to the light; set it down, and "then pushed the flask again towards his cousin. " Well," said the. younger, " what say you to my proposition !" . ' " I think not," was the reply, " after a least I will think of it; Cousin Edward. But look -through the window there. Did you ever look upon such a picture ? See how it is framed !" " Yes ; it is pretty," said the other, thoughtfully, as he bit his lip at the way in which his proposal had been rejected. " But I like it not ; I -Eke it not;" he added, in a whisper. "like not what?" exclaimed the father, starting round "like not what?" said his consin, with a puzzled air. " Yes, man ; no feints 1 You said you liked it not. Tell me what you do not like." "My words were not for yonr ear, cousin," was the reply. " I did not mean that yon Bhonld hear. I knew not that I spoke aloud." "Tell me at once, -persisted the other, angrily. "And, pray, how is it tfaatyon can never come to see me here; bnt we must have hot words I" . 'I They are not of my seeking," said the nephew, deprecatfogly ; "but if I must, ! must.- I do not like the.way in .whicb yon old' man tends- the child, nor' the '-oompanioua he iets her choose. : It is not /seemly and becoming for the heiress of the house of Spalding." - The old man started np,- and walked across the room to n secretory, which he flung open. . Then, from a dr&wriyhe; counted ont the two hundred crowns/and placed them in bag, which he tied, in a hasty, impetuous fashion, and brought back tthe_Ulblei'-'..';." f.'v J. - There are your crowns, consin. Take them, and go P. . ' t ,.?tGk>U said tbe other. : " Y-eSj' -go 1 - !- wiii mot; quiuriaArith you, 'come what inay. You/tome fqr;the money -there it is.- . Now leave me in peacel" - VJrv-M;;1 1 ; ' "AS you will/' saH Twardfapalding, taking np the money. "BuV.ybur re ceipt for the Ipam-my band 1" ' "" " /i,' " It Is no lpan, and I : want np band I give you tbemoney, and may it dp you good-make roore honest and charitable ;ybukbeMtr;; - ; /-/, ' \- ? Do yon 'moin to mshlt ; nu .consin ?" ;sardTEdwrildihg);ahgrily. . t "Heaven forbidl" sad :the,old man. f" jAod now irebe-itith yoaTT-gg f ' J in iiisiH mnnjeaent - tforougbthe away with the ,line of divirion between, him and the dwellers at Brockdish more deeply cut than ever. . , Chapter III. the hibsing fairy. "Yon gpod-for- nothing, thieving rascal, I'll have: you turned out of the .place neck and crop, that I will ! . A beautiful piece of beef like that, how dare yon take it, air ? - Give it here this minute." These words werfe spoken by the plump cook at Brockdish Manor, as, armed with a heavy wooden spoon, she tried hard to. get at Jack, who stood at the' other side of the great kitchen table,' and ..dodged her, seeking to get past her to the door, while she chased lap half- round on one side, then half-rouna on the cither ; but never getting any nearer, to him, though she prevented bun slipping out of the kitchen with, his prize. For, after watching -his opportunity, Jack had, in the cook's absence, stolen into the larder with a knife; and hacked off a good-sized lump of fresh beef from a formidable joint, returning to be caught red-handed in the fact; by the irate lady, who had returned to the kitchen at an inopportune time for Jack, chasing Mm furiously, and vowing all kinds of venT geance upon his devoted heacL . " Give me that piece of meat directly, you dog," she exclaims, making rushes at him ; but alwayB with the same result, that _she had to stop and pant, when Jack said never a word, only held on tightly to the meat, and waited his oppor tunity to flee. . " Out. of this you don't go till yon've given me the piece' you've stolen, you wicked thief ; so come here, sir 1" But Jack could not see the special ad-, vantages to be gained by "coming here," but knewbf old the weight of the stout dame's - hand ; . and, besides, she was armed , with a wooden weapon, whose Bringing properties he had more than once discovered. So Jack dodged abont on . tire other side of the table, Btill writing his chance to make a safe retreat ; while the cook, perspiring and panting witN anger and vexation, now changed her Tactics, taking up her position on the door' ride, and laying siege to the thief Jack wanted to go, and he could ijit. see his way ; so he looked -about for some means, of working a statagem. The fire bnrned brightly. There was meat on the spit, turned by a little dog, and the1 frit dripped into the pan, sending forth savoury odours forbongry mortals; But no idea struck Jack. At last a red-hot ember flew out, and; dropped in amongst the grease, blaring; up for a few moments, and taking the! enemy's attention, but not .enongh to make her raise the siege. It was suffi cient, though, to set Jack's brain at wprk ; so, glancing ronnd, he picked up a heavy iron. ." What are yon going to do with that, sir V cried the cook. Put it down this instant. How dare " Crash ! The iron had been deftly pitched, on to the blazing fire, so that red-hot embers bad been scattered in all directions, notably in that of the pan, which imme diately began to emit farions flames — with the result that the cook rushed to the rescue, extinguishing them rapidly, and lastly turning to continue the siege ; but the enemy had evacuated the citadel, and tire besieger was alone. Meanwhile, Jack had .rushed out of the door with a whoop of delight, and ran till be came to the yard, where, taking out bis knife, be knelt down be fore a post, aod began diligently catting up the meat into cubes, tile whole of which he deposited upon a cabbage-leaf before hurrying down the orchard, where, as he expected, he found Frances walk ing abont, closely followed by the long- legged heron, which occasionally gave its long mngs' a flap, threw back its Read, opened its beak, and' uttered a few pe culiar croaks'— after which be would hop along for a few yards, the child laughing merrily the while. " Oh, Jack, I'm" so glad you've come 1 Poor Billy's hungry again, and we've walked all over the garden, and not fonnd a single frog. Do go down with us to the river-side." " I've got something t— «IQ'Jacfc ; ana, sating down, he fed tike great awk ward bird' till tire meat was gone, when it closed its beak, held its bead on one side, and watched its' friends most se-' dately with one eye. To give greater grandeur to its aspect, silver bells' bad been attached to its ls, making a pleasant jingle as it hopped along. Forever since it bad attained its foil growth, the bird hsd attached it self faithfully to its mistress, following her everywhere like a dog bopping play- folly here and there/picking at her softly with, its long bill; and when she was seated, either laying its long beak in her lap, or perching .sedately upon some neighbouring .stump or fence, sitting, with ruffled feathers, all of .a heap till the reading - was done;- when he would hop about again, uttering discordant notes to show his pleasure. Time glided on ; the pleasant summer hours -.had gradually changed -into the golden glow of autumn. Fruits were ripening ; the com on the farm was yel low ; while . away, where :they. fringed river, marsh, and mere; the reeds rustled, and waved the pnrply tassels that con tained their seeds. Bnt the weather was delightful > still ; the warm glow of the season seemed to gives richness toevoy- ihing'mh 'region' naturally . moist, \and< where the 'fields seldom grow parched: even in the hottest timea. In the orchard, the trees '-woe'- ruddy and golden with; the .clustering Traits; and. here;, onie giorions day, tutor and chifil sri leading- on and on in the pleasantrilence until the hour for . -evening ,. meal, and after wards rigaiu straying forth, where; instead, of the ' warm, golden, rtid glow, all was now riforiedh? the berqna bf tiie frill moon. .' . "v'i Everything looked beautiful ; the nefe-I work of eilvec upon the turf«t their feet; tire old, rained/ ivy-mantled manor all light and riMfe-;--rilver .E d hlack ebaHow-raud kR .thejgiif broad" :foce4 mbon, 'ra huge glistening silver shield, in.a.dome of pale bine, where here and thpre ; a star /tufotled/feintiji hardly sefoftire grfo hrilljfoce. ; . It eeemedlriiot aminute ,b|kfexe that Lcgrice ' had - been, - talking - eoftiy to the rhild f tomebld monkiBh JenA Thea be had into a ihuafog fit, which .lasted he cqSld. hot teU/how.'loiig befime f Wellj'littie one, the dews are begin ning iso'! .There , was no reply, and he fell a musing once more for a while, but only to rouse himselfj and leave his seat " Come Frances, my child, let us in." There was no response, and he now recalled- that there had been no answer, before. " Come, kitten," he said walking out of the. orchard into the garden ; "where have you hidden T.' I , There was still no reply, and he walked on a Utile foster among the lights and- shadows, till he, had traversed the whole garden, which had echoed with his calls. No Frances. . He went into the house. She was not there; apparently, .for Bbe did not answer to his calls. Could she have left the' orchard for' the wood? Surely not at each a time, for the wood was weird-looking and dark, and she would not have gone there. Good heavens; the pool ! Had she slipped in there ? He ran ont into the garden agaiito hurry round the green slopes of the fish pond, where the.broad leaves slept npon the waters ; bat there was no sign of their being disturbed. He i called again Arid again, but there was no reply '; and he held his. head, as he tried to recal where he had spoken to her last Surely she was not teasing him ? Oh, no! she could not be so cruel. Hearing his calls, Jack came wonder-' ing out, and, on learning .the reason, began to ran .rapidly, from.place to place where jibe girl was likely to have gone; bnt offer two hours' .search, he stood staring and blank at the old man's side. Terribly alarmed, a regular search was now organized, the servants and form- labourers all joining in ; and the house was ransacked, from top to bottom— no cranny, cupboait br corner, bring left unexplored. The night grew apace, mid the quest was continued through garden, orchard, and 'wood,' and amongst tite form-bnfld- ings. And at last the. Bearchera stood blankly by tbe TOgpfeney's banks, peering down into the waters -of the sluggish stream, as if expecting to see her there. But. there was no sign ; and at daybreak they all clustered, pale and staring-eyed, to the great kitchen, for a rumour had gone forth that the child had been stolen. " Who aaid that P exclaimed Legrice, Whfen he caught the whisper ; and then aftomained silent, for the thought had sbruck lum before as a heavy blow. . "Let some one mount, and lose no. speed in reaching Cambridge/' he said. " I will write." v ' He toote a short - letter- fall of loving words to the father, : and' in that letter there were these -words; — "She must have been. taken by Ed ward Spalding." \- Days went by ; the father had come, and so had Edward Spalding, fondly protesting that, he had. never seen the child - He helped, too, in the search, in spite of the suspicious, scowling looks of all around. Pond and river were dragged, and at .Edward's instigation, shrewd workmen were set to work to search the rmos. " I shall be the gainer by the child's death," he said ; "hut; as I Eve, I am not the scoundrel you think." He -grid this, but no one believed ; and he' strayed stubbornly on, watching and searching, in spite of tire evil looks. Bat no ..sign appeared. The pom- child bad disappear as if by magic. Her bird was disconsolately perched amongst tbe ruins, and it uttered a few feeble croaks, as if saying, " Where is she ?" while Jack wandered night and day like a ghost about the place, searching the same spots a' hundred times over. Had ehe hidden in some press or cup board-? Was she in the vaults ? A hnndred snch questions were asked, but search always gave a vain reply. So months went by, the father returning to Cambridge, a broken man, and .taking with him Legrice, who seemed bereft of reason, and disappeared the next day.; bnt he bad only , tramped back to Brock dish, to make Jack bis companion, and spend tbe days in wandering About seaxch- jng ferjw-thcycoiilfi not find TYinter bad passed, and Btill there was no sign. Edward Bpriding had been again and again, and at last; stayed away, with the black shadow, of sus picion npon him that he had drowned the child somewhere on the mere, taking, her away in a boat to execute his hide ous crime; and though he protested, none believed, for people said, " There is the proof!" Chamer IV. the discovery. At last, maddened by tire looks and innendoes of those he knew, Edward Spalding went to Cambridge, and in sisted npon a more thorough investiga tion of the matter. This was acceded to, and again every nook and corner of the place was ran sacked, even to the chimneys, but -with out avail ; and tire cousins parted, the younger man with suspicion stronger against him than ever, for people said that': his actions - were :but nsed as a bliild.' ' Spring dame with all its brightness; but it was not the spring of a. year -before. The spirit 'seemed to have de parted. from timqoaint old- manor. The 'father never came, now ; the place was neglected; aod. it was a hopeless maniac who crept about the grounds— a pitiful, , gray- haired old man, closely . followed by poor -. Jack; who seldom uttered a word-- .; The mysteiy was beginning to lose its interest for the country people, for they had said that it would not he unravelled until Edward Spalding confessed ; and just when they said this most, the clue -Was At . hand. . . , One day Jack: was sitting in the orChnrd by the .pld nun's ride; feeding tbe -heroil, when it turned from him 'salaried; -and, -after its fashion, went riowiy lswiy; /Seeing the oldman half asleep, ' Jack rose and fallowed it till it Rad eedately -jnade its way right ronnd to the other side of the . rained : part of the manor, and disappeared. toks iority . was excited, and he began to hunt about amongst the rains till he came npoa A craik'jBt the base of half filtri hp byV WferivfragmriitB, foany of which' heiknewrto : iavebeen-thrown there by ithe ttoatehera when they were busy iririte piins. . until, after eome hdura;/|'£;aw/tliB - henm:%'come.?»ut, \- f / H.r -r1 The next morning, as soon as it was light, Jack was there with a mattock digging away the rubbish— a long, weary task, for much of it as he tore it away, - was replaced by other fragments which crumbled down from above. At last, though, he made the openiug big enough to creep through, and gaze into the darkness of what seemed to have been a little chamber constructed in the thick ness of the walk Trembling at what he had dimly seen, he shrank away, to run to where the old daft Legrice was snnning himself in the orchard : and, dragging at his coat, Jack drew him to tire place where they at length, entered, to lift forth, with re verent hands, the dried and shrivelled remains of the hapless child, by which, sitting mate and melancholy, had brooded, no one knew how long, the favourite heron. The news spread, and people flocked to see the spot, which seemed, on farther examination, to have been made in olden times for a hiding-place ; but the. mys tery remained — how did she get there ? There were some who held that it was Edward Spalding's act — that he knew of -the place, and had thrust the poor child there to linger and starve, for starvation had been ber fote, as the re mains showed. Deep down to the wall, her cries had "never tori1 heard, the searchers inadvertently buying more closely her whom they had come to Beck. Bnt .there were others who took the more charitable . view— that the poor child knew of the secret chamber in the wall, and had hidden there in what had proved to be her tomb, only visited by ber faith ful bird, and possibly not till long after ' she was dead. The -tutor survived the discovery but a few weeks ; and soon afterwards the estates passed into other hands, not those of Edward Spalding ; bnt the re cords still remain in the county, proving faithfully the date of the last scene in the tragedy— one which in its truth is more strange than any invention of ro mance. 