CHARLEVILLE. [from oitb. own correspondent. " Races at Outiliannilla3" A match came off .on Tuesday, 19thinstant, between Mr. Huxley's■ Tarn 0 'Shanter, and Mr. F. Williams celebrated race-horse- Jonaihany- for -£50 -asidfe, distance^" three miles. Having got start they both isent away in good style, ^heti. Jonathan got the lead and kept it all the way,'fining in a winner at a canter. Tam after^injipabout two and a half miles Was pulled jtipj-iiSTid^r-feeing he had not the ghost of a chalice, beifig aboilt a genera tion behind Jonathan. _ . 1 ' Mr. Pain's Skipper l»pk "the ;£2Q handicap, beating Mr. Williams Kangaroo, feyjialf a head. There were four otlier races, ■ the - particulars of which this deponent kntfweth_notC The pleasures of the day were^wound up jby a champayue dinner, given by .Mr. .E. J3rown? manager for some years oT Cobb and Coaptation,; he being about 1 saving -±hat: eampany'i servicer and starting squatting oil. iis ; own.laccouiit, the ladies of the lower Warrego presented liiiu with a set of gold studs and links, (happy man to'. be, so ±>eloved of the fair sex) ; he was also presented by-some of his personal friends with a handsome ! gold watch and chain as a mark of ..the .respect and high esteem they held him in. Thi3 sum of ] ,£69 was collected towards the•" New year's r^ce ; funds." . ' * At theCunnanrulla police court; before W. Q. Norris P.M. Mr. P. Handlon- was sued by Mr. Carridge for the sum of £32 for wages due, ver dict forplamiiff with costs. Atwell ». Handlon, also'a wages ease, •was settled put of-court.; * Ihote that the '" B.paia Butcheringcompany11 adu-ertises, beef aiid^nirttbnXjf every.description, " delivered ill town or country." at per ft. and ^delivered at their establishment at 2d p;er&. Now there are many families here,, under the impression that they are "living in the country,". and would " muchly" like to be supplied at tliose "reasonable prices." STowif the company , "c'ould be persauded to adopt Mori's freezing pro-" jcess.it might be managed. It would be a saving, to. those of about "one hundred" per cent," winch, would be a pretty considerable saving. They the unfortunate consumers of-chops and - steaks, and dwellers in the bijftfPwhere beef and mutton are grown, have to pay for their whistle. I have frequently heard complaints made by shearers, shepherds, and all sorts of bush hands ; jp,nd not without good and .weighty reasons have those complaints been made." i It appears that when being paid off or squrVfel-iip with by some squatters, they TeUfelveT pi-;. payment ifor then work, a cheque on either- Sydney,; Melbourne, or Adelaide, (you will admit those" places are some "few miles from here) ; sometimes the employer forgets, to add-the " exchange " on -their " inter-* .colonial cheques," (I vtm under - the impression; that-the men are entitled to the exchange, under fche3Iaster's and Servants Act.) Ifowon these men coming, say to a -bush town, and. wishing to get their cheques cashed calling at a-store, after purchasing goods perhapscto the value of, say 7s. 9d. presents a -cheque on a 'Sydney. Bank for £10 in payment.. Now the profit on the said 7s. 9cL being something like Is. 6cL-they aire Jfchen informed by Mr. Storekeeper, that owitigto the small amount of goods -purchased he would have to charge them with-the "'Bank rate of Exchange "on the cheque,- if-'-not; jhe ..would loose bn. the transaction, - and furfcher, that if a larger amount were expended h e' would iorego the exchange, jand carry it 2ub profit and loss account.- ;The result is they must-either: pay the exchange or- purchase goods they do ^not require .■; .:f On the 19th instant, we hatl a glorious"' thun -r derstorm ;'- -accompanied' by" some good" heaVy:^ showers, just the very thing wanted/ TtiacT the j effect Of rendering the air delightfully cool; aiicL] fresh, but at the'same time we could very well i have done jrith a little more rain j as ii it-is- -we., ^nust-be thankful for small mercies. The raiit- j guage was *<5L ^ » j Our •' Telegraph Office " and master quartersi is just completed, and has been haiiq^d.. o ire;-,'to j -flie Government. Tfis really. a S}*# may mention that the, office and -■quapier&^-ftreT -under one roof), quite- an-^.ani^rrtt^rThe tofrn,~ juidikieflects a deal of credit, to- the ciMfeacter.' ! On the 23rd instant, Mr.. Cameron in Tcharge"' -df 8,500 fat wethers, p tti.--.cd tlir.t.tgh" CharleTilre.'-; They are from Widgeegoura, the prope'riy'df iSavenporti" Elsq., Jaouud ior- Dalby:an\Lotli'|};' markets.. Oh the 28th jnsinnt, l.OOO.head cattle :passie?lr Ward, jutjcfaaigeiifMr. Graniej^nxoiite'fdiij^i' southern xnarkets. ; They cMne-Jrrjm-'Hkerofaift," Burdekin Riv^r, and are the pj^eiAjr, Xpwnsand C&V-;' v" swW 