PICKINGS FROM MELBOURNE PUNCH. A Question Answered.— Why pay rent? is a question asked on all the walls of the city, upon which placards may be posted, or more properly pasted. The reply is obvious. To keep the bailiffs out of the house. No more expense need be incurred, the question now having been replied to. Knot to be Tied.— The matrimonial one. The Dress for the Artilleryman's Wife.— Bomb« azine. An Allowable Fracture.— Breaking monotony. Acrobatic Query. — If a Septuagenarian is a man of seventy summers, is an equally old acrobat a man of as many springs ! Dry Goods.— Salt herring, corned beef, and anchovies. What Day is best for Fisherman? — Haul day. A Queer Kitchen Grate.— A dividing range. A Work of 'Art'— A lottery. A Yankee Question.— Does America revolve on its own axes? Foul Query.— Can you harry a nest in a henery By a Laundress.— Is hanging out clothes a Real Property Act. Useless Sport— Shooting rubbish. A Work of Time.— Decay. Irish.— 'When is a goose a quadruped?— When you make a baste of him. Two Things often Inseparable.— Inns and outs. The Seat of Cleanliness.— The Bath-chair. A Dinner Party.— The cook. A Musical Time.— Tenor clock. Where are a Horse's Stockings.— Close to his (h)ocks. A Ticklish Thing.- Cowage. Maxims for the City Council.-Uncleanliness is next to godliness. Public baths are a public nuisance. The great unwashed are the only truly great. If all were clean, doctors would starve. Soap and water are only luxuries for the rich. Wilful waste (of Yan Yean) makes woeful want. Wanted.— A phrenologist to examine the head ot a pint of porter. A lathe for turning a corner. A Scotsman as broad as long. A needle for sewing wild oats. Pebbles for stoning raisins. Mortars for shelling peas. Signs of Insanity..— A lot of doctors have been examined the last few days on the real signs of insanity. The surest symptoms of a man being m:id may be summed up thus :— He will not ride ill a railway train unless the engine has blinkers on, he orders a sidesaddle of mutton for dinner, ho pees to hear the ex-Kev. Tyerman, he believes in th9 Hobson's Bay Railway Company, he parts with money to mitring sbarebrokcrs, ha does not subscribe to Punch. He buys tickets in Art-Uniou lotteries. He consults quack doctors, lie tiiiuks himself equal in wisdom to the Solomon of the Legislative Council, and that he has a mission to reform abuses; above all. his greatest proof of mania is writing frequently to the newspapers. Courting Grief-— Some people seek trouble; only lately we met a man who had lately come out for a llino. The Nonsense that Children Tolerate.— Uun come. CAUSES OF INSOLVENCY. We beg to publish for the benefit of bankrupts a few methods of filling up this extremely awkward column in insolvency schedules. 1\. Inability to arouse sufficient energy to work. 2\. The egregious price of good cigars. '.]. The unusual and unexpected fertility of wife. 4\. Gloves. 5\. Force of habit. 0\. Protection. NEW BOOKS ON COOKERY. Chops on the gridiron, embellished with hot plates. Oxtails and other stories, by JulheR Soup, Esq. Salt iish, or how to restore ecgB sauce-ted nature. Broils and Pease, by the author of Pulse and how to dress it How Shrove Tuesday iB often a Fn-day, by Uie author of Irish Stews Day on a Wednesday. Hquare Meals oll'Itounds of Beef, illustrated with, prime cuts. On the Cow-eel and Spitch Cock, and how to propagate them. The Toad in the Hole, Welsh Rabbit, and other culinary animals, with easy directions ior rearing them. Where docs the clerk of the weather reside!— la a weather boarding house. QOEQIE3. If time is money, what is the value of a. watch? ^ If a man is light-headed, has he a jmtk in his temples? If you pay mining calls, do you require to leave a card? Is capturing a pastrycook catching a taxt-er? Will a hare gun serve for shooting rabbits? A PHAGTIOAL SABBATARIAN. Little Girl— When am I to have a new doll, mamma) Mamma— Don't bother, child, When two Sundays come together. Little Girl-Ueally and truly. Well then Til have my doll next Monday, because Saturday iB the Jew's Sunday, and our Sunday is next day— thera now.' Idiotic Things to Do.— Calling at the Town Hall, and asking to be shown the Mayor's nest. Any one but an Irishman trying to get into the police. Trying to find out the ingredients of pork sausages. Buying a horse from a friend. Endea vouring to raise a hundred pounds when hard up. Backing somebody's bill. Marrying a young lady who constantly does the block. Interfering in son* jugal quarrels. Taking a chance in an Art Union. Sea bathing in the depth of winter. Wearing fashionable boots. Having a mother-in-law to stay with you. Travelling in a cheap excursion train ; and most of all, not subscribing to Melbourne Punch. juabked Intelligence. — Balloons have an upward tendency. The feathers of young goslings are .down. Pens, ink, and paper are still stationery. Game is frequently high. Still wives are quiet. Guns go .oil easily. Fuddles are stag nant. Pbopeb Places.— For Scoteh children— Bairns* dale. For toothless folk- Chewton. For cautious people— Warn-em-null. For breakfasting— Hot ham. For actors— Kew. For sporting men— Bar- one and Bet Bet. For a Crowlands member — Wocd's Point. For fanciful people— Whimmera. For lazy men— Mount House. For dull people Bright. For topers— Brandy-hot For swells— Dandy-nong. For loafera-Idle-berg. For early birds— Morning-ton. For Yankees— Whittle-sea. For willirjg people— Yea. For travellers— Home- eo. For vegetables— Greensborough. For bluu stockings— Indigo; and for Willy and Polly— Williamstown and Maryborough. A Programme fob a Good Concedx— A triangular trio; a duet on one Jew's harp; a bass solo on the double drum; a sonato on the bones; a fantasia on a door scraper; all ale ouarl-ette; the National Anthem on a small tooth comb would take well at a Lunatic Asylum. On the Equine Kace.— The genus is called the horse race, as a matter of course, and the racehorse of course belongs to the genus. Ue runB for, and on plates on which he putB his stakes. He does not eat the stakes, the cabhorse being the enly car nivorous member of the family. The Horse is not a sailor, although he belongs to the fleet. The sea horse does not ko well either in saddle or harness. A tailor's carriage is never drawn by clothes horse?, nor is a bathing-machine drawn by towel horsca. Whipped creams never bolt. War horses are favourite ones with lawyers, being useful to charge with. The man who exhibits his (s)talking horse will make more money than the owner of the hairless one. Of the latter it never can be Biid, peace be to their vianes. The Centaur was the original horsey man. The American speeieB of the crossbred horse is the one-half horse, half alligator. Horsey people of course speak with ho(a)rEc voices. Not Wisely hut Too WelL— The love of ladies for alarming sacrifices and bankrupt sales. The Best Sign of the Zodiac— When it ha? & good balance. The Worst Sign of the Zodiac.— Wben crabby. A Trade Question.— Are the employes ot s timber merchant on board wages. To Architects.— Haunted houses are made up of ghost stories. A Young Financier's Query.— Should pocket money be kept in a purse? The Worst Factories in the World.— W'/iere men can make a fuss, where mistakes are ijiade, and messes manufactured. A Carpenter's Failing.— His vice. One who Studies ' Appearances.'*;— The thea trical critic A Dark Question.— Can an unlucky negro be an unlucky wight. Toper's Motto.— Beer and for Wxt. A Private Detective.— Conscie1 JCe. A Fatal Flower.— Heart (di)sr ;ase. A School Question.— When the moon went to Echool, who paid her first qua' ttrf Material for a Fancy 'Ba'j' Dress.— Shot Bilk. Original Setter— The her u Proper Place for Deca) ,e& People.— The ceme« tery. The Burden of the Ar jhor's Song.— Write-toual Pedal Elasticity.— B- jnding one's footsteps. A Word with a Elr « \0 it— Marriage. When is an Idea ' jfo a Clock?-When it strikes one.) Harmonious So' d^ra,— Opera troops. When do you ' jfejewel FowIb?— When you wring their necks. A Quack M'xjjcjne._voice lozenges. The Organ of Erin.— The 'nation.' Proper ?-a]atation for a Horse.— Good hay to you. Oxchf xic— Bullying impudence. Ove*.-bearing.-Kgg flip-pancy. tfr^jge Exhibition of Plumage.— Showing the ? wrJite feather. 1 Lachrymoee Explosion.— Bursting into tears. A Violinainuaiion.— You can't play the fiddle. Commercial Perfume.— The smell of the shop. \ A CORRECTION. I Bill— I saw roar share ami in Bourke- street 'Any— Er name haint Hammi, its Helizir. ^ _ True— Aching teeth and quarrels resemble each 9 other; you should hare both out as soon as possible. . . . '-'?? 1 