Paddy M Bride's Story. ' TnBK for ye, ma'am, strange things do happen to us sometimaa, as ye say. A queer thing hap pened to me oae night afore Nora there an' I were married ; au'.il ye're no objectioas, I'll tell it ye while you're taking tay.' The speaker-* short, squat figure, with a homely, plain, yet merry face, and dressed after the manner ot tbe better class ot lrisn tanners, was seated near tbe table, smoking .a long clay pipe. This was Paddy M'Bride,1 owner of Skillamalee Farm, New South Wales. It waa tea time. Paddy's wife, Nora, was help ing a handseme, -well-dressed lady to tea.' The lady's buggy hud broken down near the farm, and while some of Paddy's men repaired the damage, the farmer, with true Irish hospitality, had in tited tha fair traveller into his house to ' have a cup of tay, sure.' 'Shut the door Bridget, aUonna, and— I say, Tim. yc spalpeen, don't be after gaping at the lady in that way. Where's yer manners ? bad csbb (to ye. These are my two youngest gossoons, ma'am, an' though I say it meaelf, uevil a greater pair o' roRuee in the colony.' Paddy, aft r delivering himself of the above, took his pipe (ram between his teeth and laid it on tha table. ' Weil, ma am, as j. wor saying in regard ui jo jr misfortune, a strange thing happened to me ona winter's night, in Ireland. At the time I'm spuking about i was a Ji^hi-iieelaii young man, an' very fond or attendiag fairs nnd wakes, and wid » mighty regard for malt whiskey.' ' Faix. Tat, youjve a mighty regard on that same yet,' interrupted Nora. ' Arrah, hould yer whiebt, wife. Shure, you're a - bed as the childer. I was a grinder by trade, and by the same token I used to tramp the country wid a machine that I made m\ tAt ; going from town to town grinding scissors and knives, meniing kettles, pots, an' pans, and doing any odd job that csme iu my way. Ye may believe I earned plenty ev momey, ma'am ; an' by the powers, I f pent it, too, a grate deal quicker than I got it.' The Judy smiled at the bull, bat said nothing, and Paddy proceeded. 'One night 1 was returning home, to Eildare, after having spent a roaring evening wid a set ov jovial spalpeens, at a country shebeen house. It was a dark, rainy night, but I didn't feel the wet at all, on account of the potheen that I hid taken. Now whether theould wheel ov the machine had got out of order — or wether it was that I couldn't see straight, I durmo, but I can tell ye the thing seemed to hare bees taking whieky too, for do all I could I couldn't keep it in the middle of the road. First it would rowl over to that side, then back again to the other side, as if it hadn't quite made up its mind which was the best to run on. 'You've heard tell of the Bog of Allen, ma'am P No ! Well, it's a quare lonely.place on a dark night, I can tell ye. There's not a house (barring an ould hut or two) from one end of it to the other. ' To reach Eildare I had to cross tbe bog, or walk twenty good Irish miles round the road. I didn't feel inclined to walk so far, bo I turned off the road and struck across the bog. . Although I knew my way well enough by daylight, 1 found myself bothered entirely, by token of the hills, an' noise, an' the mud, an' rain. And to make a long story short, I hadn't got over half my journey, when suddenly down fell the machine into a deep hole, and myself on the top Of.it. . For a moment *1 thought I had broken my legs iu three halfa. The machine was quite buried in a quagmire, that covered me to ay two shoulders. Wid a great effort I managed to crawl out on the higher ground. ' The fall quite sobered me, and I began to peer through the mist an' rain for some track that would lead me out of the dirty place, but there was none that I could see; so, leaving tbe old grindery in the hole, I started forward, jrropingniy way little by little in the gloom, till Ml at once there 'flashed foreninst me a stream oE light, I quickened my pace is the direction, and I soon came upon a small cabin no bigger than my henhouse ; there beyant the light of a candle streaming thro' the chinks in the boards of which it wa« built. I saw there was a little winder, an ould door, but wet and could as I was, I hesitated to knock, for the place, an' the few that lived on it. bore tin ill name. I mustered up courage, however, and gave the door a good hard kick, It swung open immediately and a big fat woman, about forty or fifty years of age, showed herself. ' 'Who are you?' said she wid a voice like a man. ''A poor gossoon that has lost his way in the bog, answered I boldly, ' ' Gome to the fore, here in the light ; let me look at ye,' said tbe woman huskily. 'I obeyed, standing in the doorway, while she examined me from nose to toes. ' ' Come in ye dirty thief o' blazes,' and without more ado she caught me by the two shoulders and dragged me into the place, theD closed and fastened tbe door.' The lady's coachman stood outside, with his profile to the window, listening to Paddy's tale. The farmer continued, ' The moment I entered the cabin I wished myself out in the rain attain The place,. like most turf-catters huts in Ireland, was scantily furnished. A rude table, two or three nckerty chairs, a shelf half filled with cracked and broken crockery, and a long row of empty potheen bottles. But the chief object that attracted my attention was the corpse of a man lvine I ? shrouded in a blanket on an ould truckle bed in I, one corner of the room. There was a large turf I, fire in tbe grate, whoso flickering rayg leaped up ', ever sM*fri*, lighting J-P tha aiuken pale iflfctuw* of thedeid man with e,hnrribleVight.^^ ' ? ?vrondei,iWh5aw^ye.stenBg kt^eftjKP'l.saia &ra; sharply, ? Did ye never see a dead man bef oreP Sit down here Un-thta wsd^ftttrf 'and' tell me -what brought ye ont on thebpg sych s night as this.'-- '- ' There was no saying n*y to- her, for i sawfcbe5 was a powerful heavy handed bully of a woman, an' I saw also that she was almost tipsy in£6~the bargain, I briefly tould her all she-wanted to know. ' 'So.,you're Paddy M'Bride, Jhe grinder, eh,', said she going to a sh»If in a corner and taking' therefrom a 'large black bottle. ' I've heard of you before, Paddy, an' I'm glad ye came here this night. : Here, help yourself to a taste o' this,' and she banded me the£bottle, 'After you, ma'am, is manners,' said I. ,.--. ..--? ,.?-.? ' 'Drink, y« little dufyflpj :peen,or I'll break the lettle across' yer emu tj Bkult,' she muttered in a rierce46ne,her:eye6«U ablaze with anger. ' I was shivering wiihcold and seeded something warm; BoWaciog'the'bottle' to'my'mouth/I took a good drink. As I did I thought that tha dead man in the corner suddenly opened one of bis eyes, then quickly dosed it again, with a wink at me. ''Murder ! -the -saints .pwtect. end bless us this uight^fcmJnJVcriei I^nterjqftjtaaiping^romniy seat. ' ? What the devil'rtfie matter wid ye?' said the woman, looking at . ate .with her. saddened fac, ' ' Oh, ma'am 1 thejdead man— I mane, I've got a murtherin' pain in my inside,' answered I, bo taerea almost out ot my einses. ' include ! ' ans wered she, 'theja I'd adfjie you Jo take another drop of the malt; me boy/ L ' ;- ','Is this your husband, ma'amp said I, pointing to the corpse.' . ; ; ; '?- ' ' He was, honey, an' a better fellow never wore a brogue, rest his soul.' ,. ' . ''When did be die?' ' ' About six hours ago.' '' ' Had you no doctor when he died.' ''Devil o' doctor, hoaey; (here was wasn't a sowl here but myself. AnT as I was saying afore, I'm glad you come, for J wantto.go to the town at on'at. ' ' I'm glad of that, we shell be company.' ' ' Who'll be company P ig't ? '. ' ' You and I, I'm going to Kildare.' ' ' You're goirtgtb sitters and watch the corpse till I come Back again, or by the holy poker I'll' brake every bone in yer ugly skin, bad luck to me.-' ??-,'. ? . ?? . ' The woman spoke as savage as a fiend. ?'Have yo'w^nd --neighbours nearP' 'Nonel' 'There's another .bottle of whUky on the shelf, plenty of tBrf in the kish there; sit where ye are by the fire an make yerself aisj. I'll be here agin afore daylight. 'Before I had time to think about my queer posi tion, the woman wrapped herself in an ould faded cloak, opened the door, went out, and locked tk» door after her, leaving, jnt sitting staring at the dead man in the corner. My first thought was to get out through' the' winder and run for ray life. Then agin came tbe consideration, -where should I run la in the rain ? Besides it seemtf so cowardly to eneak away in fear of a dead man, that l»y cowld and still, and hadn't the power to harm anybody. The woman, bad as she looked, had given me shelter,, and had trated me well. Wby should I run ;: all of us would die sometime or another. I took up tbe bottle of potheen to fortify myself. I could *hear the rain rattling down on the roof of the cabin, and the wind bawling aloag the bleak wastes outside, ..Taking up an old cracked, cup, I poured out a good noggin of the liquor. As I raised the vessel to my lips, my eyes met a eight that^raiBel the hair on my head with terror. ' There was tbe dead man, sitting up in his shroud, etairing at me with his eyes wide open. ' ' What dws ye Kane, ye spalpeen, by coming into a decent awn's house, an' drinking his whisky in an' undher bis very noesf said he, in alow, hol low tone of voice. ''Murthari fire, murtker!' shouted I in agony, as I fell flat to the flure. ' ? Get up out o' that ye mane vagabond, and hand me the whisky,' sounded the voice of the dead man again, ' I thought at that moment that I should go intoafit. pace ?' cried I, a colA perspiration breaking out from every bone in my body. ' ' Best f is it best on these hard boards.'aad the dead man giggled a most unearthly giggle. ' * Good Lord have mercy on me this night, a wicked sinner. Amen,' I muttered. ? '' Faix, if ye don't get up out;o' that this minute, I'll make ye,' said the dead man. ' I screwed my courage up for a rush out of the place, when I observed him get out of bed on the floor, and stagger towards me ' ' Are ye not dead?' eaid I, looking up at him in horror. . ? ' ' Dead ! no, ye grate Caboagh ; if I was dead, how could I spake f Where's the potheraf ' I eaw him go towards the bottle on .the table and take & deep draught «f the raw -spirit, aad I began to regain my senses a little. But I did no recover from the state of terror into which I had been thrown until I bad satisfied myself JJat he was a living, breathing being, like myself. ''This id a queer freak, to sham dead,' -eaid I, looking at htm as he sat by the fire rubbing his thin, emaciated limbs. ''Aye, quare enough,' answered he; 'there are some diseases which require quare remedies.' ' ' How ?' ' ' Put more turf on the fire, then sit ye down. ' I did as he desired me, ' ' Hand me that bottle there,' ' ' This, this, me boy,' said he, tapping the bottle with his lean hand- 'This is the disease by which many a poor eoul has perished; my wife has that disease, an' I mane to cure her this night, plase goodness, or I'll run off to Amerika.' ' ' I don't understand yom.' ' ? Faith you will by-and-bye.' ' ' Have you been ill ?' I asked. ' . , ''MuBba bave I, very ill, agra; look at me, shure I'm only a skeleton; aotbiog but a bundle o' skin and bones ; that woman gone out awhile ago has brought me down to this; brought herself to disgrace and ehame, and me to beggary through drink. Six years agone I had a thousand pounds in the bank, and a good business in Eildare ; to day I'm a turf-cutter, living in this ould cubic.' - ' ' How did you carry out this— this strange trick ?' , ''Of pretending to be dead, ye mane? Oh I easily enough. I bad been bad wid rumatics for two or three weeks. My wife was always tipsy, t selling anything she could lay her hands on to I plaze her appetite for whisky. One day as I lay I on that ould bed, the thought came into my mind that I would pretend to give up the ghost. I i thought the sight might possibly sober her and : raform her. I waited for a good opportunity— when she was in a maudlin way— to carry out my plan, and I think betune you and this ould whisky I bottle, that I have succeeded very well.' ' ' Troth have j ou, I shan't forget this nhrht in a hurry.' ' - ' The turf-cutter laughed a low noiseless laugh, i 'I bave another card to play yet. Whisht, whisbt ! what noise was thatP' said he, lifting hisi finger in a listening attitude. I 'By bis directions I gently lifted the windowend i looked forth. It bad left off raining, but the Bight, Or mornine rather, was verv dark. 1 ' ' Get out through the window,' eaid my strange companion, 'and tell me when you hear my wife returning; she won't be long now.' 'I was soon eutside the cabin. It might have been half-an-hour afterwards, as I stood sentry near a pUe of turf close to the hut, that the sounds of a female voice fell upon my ear pro ceeding from the direction of the township. ' ' Here she comes, avic,' said I, putting my head in at the window. . ~ ''All right, honey, fasten tbe window down, and do you hide yerself near, the door,' answered the tun-cutter. ' 1 crouched down in a niche by the turf chimney outside, and where I could see into the cabin when the door was open. I hadn't been long in my hiding- place when theWrf-cutter'B wife, in com pany with another woman, came up to the door, and producing a key, opened it at once. 'I Bhall never forget the fearful shriekjthat oee of the two set up as the door swung backward. The turf cutter's wife uttered no cry, but stood in the Soorway, her Wonted face blanched livid with: JeadlytMTor, her bloodshot eyes almost starting nit of their sockets, aad her month afape snowing tfaftglifiteningteflth-atat rattled togfithwiitaapak. of castenets. ' ' ?-.-... -- 'Eight tf fronts thedoor,withiflsb«6kto«ie: cabm wftll;i.6tood the turf-cutter in^hlt&laikeV; shroud, and seeming to gibber at his guilty help-. 'Altaough I knew that the man was not dead, » certain tremdur 'began to creep over ve at tb sight, it seemed so weird and strange. 'The turf-cutter's' wife, -sobered bo doubt by tb ?supposed apparition of her husband, fell vn he knees before i$,* and lifting up her arms, cried out, ' Mercy, husband, dear, mercy.' Shure, I've been s.' druakecwretch.andacBraeto ye all your life, an' aow, when ye're dead, ye can'£ rest; kut ye mm rise up again to drive m» raving mad at tbe sigh of ye.'. And the poor-wretch Tolled over on the floor in a strong and dangerous fit. ?? ' I was a very Btrovg young fellow at the time, but it took the turf-eutter aad myself all wecoulii do to keep her from tewing; herself to pieces. How she raved, and cursed, and prayed all in a breath, then bit at us, lit the same time foaming at the mouth. As Boon as it was daylight I went into Eildare for a doctor. But the surgeon could do nothing for his patient, so ordered ber off to the hospital, where after several months of kind treat meat and proper medicines, tbe woman recovered' But the lesson the had recsived stuck to her the remainder of her life. She never tasted drink afterwards. \- ' But the strangest part of the affair is that when I left Ireland to come to Australia, the old turf ' cutter an' bis wife were keeping a publie-beues iu Kildare, Musha, whatdoyethinkof tbat,maai&F;' 