iHtsccIIaitcmis (Sleanmasu (From the Papers.) The Tom Morton, (s.) has arrived from Hong kong with 450 Chinese, but little cargo, and reports that the rush from China had received a decided check from the telegram sent from Brisbane, which announced that the Queensland Government intended to levy a poll-tax on Chinese immigrants of £4 per head, and would charge Chinamen £8 per head for miner's rights. In conse quence of this many refused to embark, forfeiting the deposits of their passage money, and vast numbers were deterred from shipping. Two steamers are advised to arrive shortly with passengers and cargo. It was expected that more reliable tele grams from Brisbane will contradict this information, and the influx of Chinese will continue. All the Chinese that have landed from Hongkong have left for the diggings. 200 Chinamen came in last week to pack stores for the Palmer. The news from the gold-fields reports that a fair amount of gold is got along the main creeks and gullies, but no new rushes are reported. The Chinese are gradually coming to the best part of the field,, and have already entered the Oakey Creek bend, The 'Morning Post', says tliat the 're storation of the stipends of the Spanish clergy by Don . Alphonso, : which- has 7 been announced, makes it of sorne interest to explain that they are now;of truly, apostolic value. A bishop receives some £240 a year, a. canon £120, and' the riist1 of the clerical body in proportipn. . His- Majesty; will hold a review of the Army of the North in the plains of Tafalla and iPcralta, in Navarre. It is stated that Freemasonry is to be prohibited in Spain by order of the new Government, In shprt, every attempt is being made to "conciliate" the' Roman Catholics, or, if you please to put it so, "to seduce them from the Carlist cause," but, on the other hand, there is great danger of exsaperating the anti-clerical party. The new Paris Opera House has been erected on a scale hitherto unparalleled in this class of building. Covering a super ficial area of 12,340 square yards, its im mense pile has occupied 13! years in con struction. The length is ' 560 feet, by a width of 408 feet, and a height of 90 feet. liie CUDIC Uiiiiciisiuiis .uic: ya. tua. This immense area is lighter by 9200 jets of gas, the illumination of the stage being effected by 70 electric lights, with the ad dition of the powerful Drummond light, a mixture of oxygen and gas, if necessary. The building contains 6319 stairs, and .1494 ladder steps, while ingress and egress to its various sections are provided by 2531 doors. The splendid appearance of its in ternal embellishments is quite in keeping with the ornate and stately exterior, ren dering it by far the greatest theatre in the world. , A new form of nail has been patented in Berlin, the peculiar features of which are screw-shank, and the head concave under neath, and provided with teeth. In using it, a hole is first bored in the wood as for an ordinary screw ; the nail is then driven in by a hammer, when the teeth about the head will readily catch in the surface of the adjacent wood. The nail thus secured can neither be turned nor withdrawn without destroying in whole or in part the fibres of the wood. The invention will doubtless be of advantage in fastening packing cases for shipping, as, in addition to forming a strong connexion, its removal, in case of any tam pering with the contents, can be; at once evidenced by the condition of the box. Sir J. G. Innes, in a letter to the ' Herald,' recently, says — " Had the late Administra tion continued in power, I, the Attorney- General, would very willingly have accepted the nnnnintment nf Actinp- Tudp-e durinp- "4 O J © O the. absence of Justice Cheeke. A change came; bringing with it to me disappoint ment, which while I have not paraded it, I have not cared to conceal. I stand aside and wait now. Be it that I but make a virtue of necessity, I am content to wait. I still humbly aspire to a seat on the Supreme Judicial Bench of my country. It is the topmost rung of the ladder of my ambition, surely not an ignoble one, and I hope to live to see the day when I may so fill the judicial office as to entitle me both for learning and for character to the confi dence of the profession and the public. " Atticus " says — There is a great outcry just now about dull times. There is 110 necessity to go very far to look for a cause for dull times. . The yield of gold, which in 1856 was worth £ 1 2,000,000 sterling, and in '68 was £7,843,187, has during the pre sent year been at the rate of less than £4,000, 000 per annum. With Ballarat in a state of collapse, and Bendigo yielding above half the average,, it is not to be wondered at that merchants and traders complain. The worthy people who always refused to invest in mines, and laughed ' at those who did, will find some day or another that the terraces of . houses, and their shares' in building societies, are of very little use if the gold-fields come to grief." Mr. John Alston Wallace, M.L.C., according to the ' Wahgunyah Chronicle,' is a fortunate in dividual. His successes in gold- mining are put in a shade by the acquirement of one of the richest mines of nickel silver the world ever heard of. In New Caledonia, for some time past, an old Rutherglen identity, Mr. James Clements, has been prospecting for precious metals, and discovered a seam or lode of that ore known in the market as nickel, and which is worth in England 12s. per lb. Mr. John Alston Wallace was written to by this Clements and asked to join him in the further development of his discovery, the lode at the date of his letter being eight inches in thickness, and, even at that,, was thought to be a " good thing." But what will be said when it is made known that upon sinking a few feet deeper the lode widened out to " eight feet" — the largest vein of precious metal in the known world. It is hard to imagine the enormous amount of wealth here represented, but some idea may be had of its vastness by comparing the dimensions of the seam to those of the hitherto largest in the world, in Sweeden, but which is only eighteen inches wide. The proprietors have orders from England for as much as they like to send at the price quoted above. It is a common mistake to suppose that eating before sleep is injurious. Not at all unfrequently does it happen that people are sleepless for want of food, and a little taken either when they first go to bed, or when they thus awake sleepless, will be generally found far more efficacious, and of course infinitely less injurious, than any drug in the chemist's pharmacopoea. These are the physical remedies for sleeplessness which have the best recommendation. As for the moral ones, there is certainly a good deal more to be said. Perhaps the most stringent of all rules are ; " Avoid anxiety ! and don't go to bed owing anybody a grudge !" Chewing the bitter cud of a quarrel is a thousand fold more injurious to repose than swallowing a whole teapotful of. the very greenest of green tea, A.Wilcannia paper states .that there' "was brought tp that.office a snake of- a;. very- peculiar kind, purplish-blue in color, about" fourteen feet long, as thick as the. thickest part of a muscular man's arm, with a kind of bull- dog'-head;- :When jcut open it was fpund to have gorged itself jby swallowing a 'possum whole, fur and. all. i Mr- Jennings is held to be probably the suc cessful candidate fpr the Upper Hunter. " Maryborough is decidedly, progressing," says- the ' Wide Bay News,' and then goes on tp prove-, the assertion by a. lengthly description ;of a he».v ' sausage machine started by a local ' butcher.' " A prospectus has been "issued of a. company Tor purchasing Sargood's soft goods business at Melbourne; capital, £250,000, in fifty thousand shares of £5 each. A mob of sheep has been sold at Belfast, at the low sum of- is.- tod, per head. A new rush has taken place near Anderson's paddock, about three miles on- the Mudgee. side of Hoiiie Rule. . The sinking (says the ' Western Post) is something over 100 feet, and the nros- pects are reported at about half-a-penny weight to the dish. The prospectors, Messrs. J ohnson, Brand, and party, are Sweeds and Norwegians. The ..whole -.of-' Anderson's . paddock has been marked- off, jmd;taken up by various persons ; the prospectors, we learn, haying taken up a good .many shares in it. The prospecting claim itself is situated on. Government land, but close to Anderson's paddock. - At present the . pros-. pects of the rush are of a highly . encouraging description.— 'Evening News.' As the public- house far too frequently leads f-n thp ririenn. thr i« n rlV»pnpr mnninr/ n I first sight- appears in the designation "Bottle and 'jug' department.'" We beg 'to give the subjoined advice to "young beginners" in the mysteries of "house keeping — When you go to buy a leg of mutton, invariably keep your wether eye open. A. Wv.Marshall, one of the Protestant Alliance, rode over a woman, at Melbourne, and injured her so severely that she had to be. taken to the Infirmary. Cape of Good Hope papers state that the' diamond fields are on bad terms with the autho rities, and have established a semi-military force of cavalry "and infantry. Arms are' being bought in "every direction. A proclamation issued by the Lieutenant-Governor was met by a counter pro clamation from the Diggers' Association, com plaining of the incapacity of the local Govern-1 ment, but disavowing any treasonable intention. A Lowell mill- girl the other day said to a director, who wished her to consent to a reduc tion of wages: "Before I'd do it, I'd see you : and your whole graspin' set in Tophet, pumpin' thunder at three cents a clap." A set of chiming hammers has been lately placed in the parish church of Cookham. This simple but ingenious contrivance is the invention of the Rev. H. T. Ellacome, of Clyst St. George, Devon, a well known authority of campanology.. The Wesleyan Conference sitting at Mel bourne, on Friday, passed a resolution, dis tinctly .asserting with regard to the admission of laymen and the maintenance of New. Testa ment' doctrine — that the ministry derives its existence from Christ ; upon them devolves the the duty'df taking heed to the flock over which the Holy Gh'ost made them overseers ; upon them devolves the solemn responsibility of enforcing Godly discipline and administering the Government of the Church ; and so essential is this to Scriptural fulfilment of the. ministerial offiee, so vital to the constitution of Wesleyan Methodism, that admitting laymen must be held sacred and inviolable. The day was occupied in discussing an amendment to postpone the resolution, but the amendment was negatived. It was also resolved that the committee of each institution in which a minister was set apart had the right to elect laymen, and reserved ministers alone to elect president, secretary, and chairman . of districts and deal with all matters comprised in the first thirteen questions of the conference of 1S73. The "Bath Express ' states that the Rev. E. J. Watson, who has for sonie time past officiated at the Chuich of St. John the Baptist, Frome, as curate to the Rev. W. J. E. Bennett, has resigned the curacy with a view to enter the Roman Catholic commu nion. This makes the second of Mr. Ben nett's curates who have " perverted " during loct frhrpp VMfQ [?] 