UP THE MURRAY. Br A. C. Chapter VI. DOROTHY'S ADMIRERS. Dolly's first day at Burrawannah was Sunday, and, though very different from all the previous SondayB of her life, supplied no incident specially worthy of record, or neces Bary to the development of this story. She rose in the morning, tired and heavy* headed, but, notwithstanding that, and the inevitable regretful memories of Theresa and the Yarmouth church bells, in a mood to enjoy and appreciate the comforts of her new home. The lowing of cows, and the cackle of cocks and hens, sounded pleasantlj as she opened the window; and so by ana bye did the happy chatter and splashing of the little ones in an adjoining bathroom. A pair of laughing jackasses came to sit to* gether on the extreme apex of a summer house gable, where there was barely room for one, and entertained her with their peculiar scales and exercises as they pushed one another off. I don't know whether the sound of them or the sight of them amused her most. And she heard the slow flapping of long wings, and saw a grey crane sailing down the river, with his legs tucked? up behind him; and after him a scurrying flock of pretty Utile divers, startled out of their: retreat in a clump of rushes by the noise of the awakened house, their little bits of pinions twinkling away into the distance at a surprising rate. All these things were new and strange. But after awhile^ when she had dressed herself and joined her brother and sister in the diningroom, it was hard to imagine die was not in an English country house. Patty, in an exquisitely*made dress and a quite Parisian little mob,cap, sitting at the head of her well-appointed breakfast table, was as far from the old popular conception of an Australian settler's wife ae (in a different sense) was woolly* headed black Sally, with her opossum cloak round her shoulders and fillet of red cloth round her brows, who represented the aboriginal interest at Burrawannah just now. As for the breakfast dishes—though Heriot did heave a sigh for impossible Yarmouth bloaters, and though the bread might have been a trifle lighter—that delicately-fried steak of Murray cod, and that parsley-fringed tongue curied round in jelly, showed that peopls oould cook in the bush qulteas weU as anywhere else ; while a piled-up mound of lovety pale-green and purple grapes, with all the dew and Moom upon them, was a sight, that any Englishman worild have been glad to see before him on sitting down to tabid After breakfast the children appeared, washed and brushed afresh after their bread and milk repast in the nursery—a Bturdy boy of bix, years, like bis father, and two pretty little lair faced girls, with shiniag hair j fringed over their wide white brows, also very much resembling Heriot, on their tiny scale. , And then there began a great commotion of moving chaini from all the principal rooms, these little ones and their father carrying them out and placing them in rows down the verandah, which was curtained from the morning sun. Heriot had a Bervice every Sunday morning, as Dolly knew, for his family and the people on the station ; and the little oompany was swelled into quite a respectable congregation generally, by the addition of Mr. Robinsons household and several of the men whom he employed, of adjacent free selectors and their wives, and occasionally of Mr. Willis. The French win dows of the drawingroom were set open, and tbe piano drawn forward, and Fatty carried an armful of hymn books to the little table whichwasHeriot'ereadingdeskoutside. Doro thy, fetching her own prayer-book, and taking possession of her little nieces, sat down with one on either side and watched the arrival of the rest of the company. Herod Shaw came up, and depositing his wife, with Martha and Mary, on adjoining chairs, went to the back of the house and rang the dinner belL This was a signal that service was about to begin. Numbers of Btrange people dropped in whom Dorothy did not know, but who were all warmly greeted by Patty in her dignified fashion. The boat brought over Me. Robinson and Mr. Jocelyn, with a few of their men and broad-faced Kate (who liked to see a little company when she had the chance and had no fear of the priest knowing anything about it), but without Miss Fanny, who probably did not consider it correct to visit Burrawannah until she had made a formal call on Dorothy. Mr. Willis was also absent, greatly to Dolly's relief—though Patty had assured her that she knew Mr. Willis well enough to feel quite satisfied that be would not intrude where he was not wanted. So Heriot came to the head of his little table, and Patty, with her boy by her side, took her seat near the piano, and the service commenced. So familiar the words, and so Btrange all the accessories, and so pathetic in its simplicity and its immemorial associa tions ! Tears dropped from Dolly's eyes as she made her responses, to the surprise of the little nieces, who could not understand where they came from. This had been "church" to them ever since they could remember, and was, as yet, one of the com mon usages of life, which they regarded with out reflection. Two or three hymns were aung at intervals—lustily and with a good courage—Patty playing, and all the canaries joining in with might and main. Mr. Jocelyn's Prince, left sitting on the bank over the river, lifted his nose in the air when he heard them and howled sympathetically in a quavering treble, which caused Martha and Mary Shaw to titter audibly, and to be summarily smacked by their, scandalised mother. And when hymns, and prayers, and lessons were ended, Heriot cleared his throat and opened a little brown book, where a leaf was turned down, and gave oat the text of the sermon. It was a sermon with out any capital O's, of course, or the senti mental platitudes generally associated there with, and it was a sermon which did not exhort those " anxious inquirers" to do what, under the common conditions of human nature, was impossible, on paimof being lost for ever. Only a few words of help and encouragement, from one who had himself felt the want of them in the incomprehen sible difficulties aud struggles of an aspiring life—a few words of evident, earnest truth, which required no graces of rhetoric to commend thym, and which in 10 minutes stored their simple hearts with comfort and their simple heads with as much food for thought as they could hold. Then he tucked the little volume into his pocket, and, with another prayer or two, the service came to an end. The congregation dispersed, as was its custom, Blowly and by instalments. Some of the men stopped to speak to Heriot; some of the women stopped to talk of their babies to Patty. Mrs. Shaw had to seek Dolly's sympathy concerning "this way of doing things—without a church or a clergyman near!—so different from 1 what it was in Gorleston." And Mr. Robinson and Mr. Jocelyn brenght out " lollies" for the child ren. When all the- rest were, at last, gone these two gentlemen helped to carry the chairs back to their places, and stayed to make acquaintance with Dorothy. Old Mr. Robinson monopolised the conversation. He wanted to know so much about the "old country," which he had not seen since she was born, that he kept her talking for half an hour, and her pleasant, bright way of re sponding to all his questions charmed him. Mr. Jocelyn said little, but he looked at her a great deal, and she knew it. She had been compelled to notice him now, for he had one of the sweetest and purest tenor voices she had ever heard. It had rang out clearly above all the others inthe chants and hymns, and she had been obliged to leave off aincring herself to listen to it. And after that, in the lovely "Lead, kindly light," their two voices together, with Patty's contralto between, had harmo conscious of it Now, with those bell-like notes still ringing in her ears, she chatted' to Mr. Robinson of the changes in London—of the underground railway, , add tbe Albert Memorial, and the Albert-hall,. and the Thames embankment, and of an old Tar mouth beachman whom Mr. Robinson had known; and Mr. Jocelyn sat and looked at her and gnawed the points pi his moustache, and blessed the native catwhlch bad got it self caught in the nick of time, and had pre served nim his liberty to admire anyone he liked for a little longer : When they, in turn, hadsh&ken; hands and departed, there was the early dinner, with the little ones at table; and after dinner they all bad a long ramble by the river, the chil dren scampering about and enjoying the; un wonted luxury of their parents' oompany And nurse's absence to their heart's ooutent, un alloyed by perpetual reminders that it was Sunday, and they were not to make a noise. They made all the noise they liked, and Heriot was of opinion that they did'not violate the Sabbath thereby. Whenthey had rambled far enough he stretched himself at length on the grass in a shady nook, and they curled themselves about him, and palled his ears and nose, and dressed him up in pocket handkerchiefs : and when they had quieted themselves a little he told them stories. Patty and Dorothy sat down on a log at a little distance, and Dolly told her sister that sad history of their little mother's last years and death, which had never been folly known to her. At the time it all happened Dolly and Theresa were too young, and their father too much absorbed In other interests, to be aware of all the drenmstanoes. Dolly understood it better now, and when once into! the subject it never occurred to her to suppress; any details. When they went home Patty locked herself into her bedroom with' the baby, and had a long and bitter cry over the irrevocable past She could not have pre* vented anything that had happened, and yet it had been through her that that patient, uncomplaining heart.had broken with the disappointment of its dearest hopes. Her eyeB were very red at tea time, and her hus band and sister, by tacit consent kept the conversation to themselves; bat after tea she brightened up, and Bang the children's evening hymns with them osshe sat at the piano in the pleasant, quiet twilight, and the day closed happily. Heriot had prayers with his family ana servants, and the children went to bed ; and then, in the lovely star light, they sat on the verandah, he and his wife Bide by side, and Dolly down on the floor, with her head on Patty's knee, and talked for hours of the old uorleston and Yarmouth days. „ „ And so passed Dorothy's first Sunday in Australia. The next morning she was awakened by the early hum and stir of the buBy week- day life. The walls of the house were thin, and the doors and windows were set loosely into their frames; and so she heard Heriot splashing in his bath and whistling in his dressing-room at 6 o'clock^ and afterwards the jingle and flapping of bridles and saddles and the cracking of whips out of doors. When he was gone away to the run, then there was Nancy Shaw bustling about the washhouse, and querulously scolding the young housemaid who was helping her; and she heard Patty's voice in the dairy, where butter-making was going on. The little ones were shouting from the nursery; the baby was crowing on the verandah, where a nursemaid was giving it an early walk; the canaries were beginning to sing; a pair of kangaroo puppies were tumbling one another over and over, and wrangling playfully, just under the window. How pleasant it was, after the solitary life which she and Theresa had had together in the silent Yarmouth house 1 She rose and dressed herself in happy haste, and took the baby, who was a little year-old girl, old enough to appreciate being sung and talked to, and tickled and played with, into her own possession until breakfast time. The other children found their way to her, and there ensued such a game of romps amongst the flowere of the verandah as Bhe never remembered having joined in and enjoyed before. Patty, who had been greatly concerned about her pale face and delicate health, told Heriot, when he returned at 8 o'clock, that Dolly was getting well already-— so miraculous was the effect of that wonder ful climate. When breakfast was over, being desired to make herself comfortable in whatever fashion she liked best, Dolly carried a small table and cbair into a shady corner of the verandah, and sat down to write to Theresa. She bad had an ever- present desire to ac quaint this faithful companion and confi dante with the history of her Australian ex periences, ever Bince she. landed, and this was her first opportunity, and she seised it eagerly. " 0. my dear Theresa, if yon could see this place 1" she exclaimed with pen and ink, when, having laid the journal of the voyage, sheet upon Bheet, beside her, she attempted a description of Burrawannah. " If yon could see these hills, folding one over the other in all directions, when the sunset touches them! We never see positive colours, like the indigo blue, and violet, and rose colour that came over them last night, in England—never ! You remember how we grumbled over Monsieur Taine's criticism of the climate in those charming Notes on Eng land. The fogs, and exhalations, and grey vapours which of course gave him the ' spleen,' and made bim think of suicide— the ' diluted tones, washed out,' as if a child had drawn wet hands over a pale water colour—the * vague, diffused melancholy' of a 'humid country. We said it was only the Frenchman's prejudice. But now I understand how he must have felt it—now I see what nature looks like through a really transparent atmosphere. The trees here are dull and ugly, ana the grass is coarse and scanty, and the river is sometimes so small and shallow that a man on horseback can ford it, and yet the climate beautifies and glorifies them alL If we had English climate here, it would be the most hideous country in the world, I believe (though it took a very great effort of imagination to arrive at that); and if England had this climate, it wonld be a paradise quite too per fect for human beings to live in. So the great law of compensation has settled it And here followed a minute description of the same, which filled a Bheet and a half of foreign paper; 'and a full account of the day or two that she had spent at Burrawannah. When she had brought the history down to herself, sitting in the verandah amongst the flowers and canaries, Bhe went back to her arrival in Melbourne, and began to describe her journey up the country. In due course of time the Willis episode came into the nar rative. 11 think he is a nice man," she remarked hesitatingly. "Heriot likes him, and so did I until he became a little too sentimental. He baa the most delightful laugh you ever heard." Then, when describing the beauty of the waterfall, she was going on to say, " I was not able to enjoy it properly, for Mr. Willis —And it suddenly occurred to her that Mr. Brboke would read her letter as well as Theresa, and she was annoyed with herself for what she had written, and paused to con sider how she could arrange the sentence, so as to leave the element of love-making out In this pause she heard the .children, jwho were out at day, running a race to the garden gate, and Bhouting as - they ran in great excitement. She looked up, and there was Mr. Willis himself, in his white dust coat and , white cork helmet lying Jupiter to the fence. He came up. the path, with a little girl in each arm, both hugging him rapturously; and she' rose from her table, hot and em barrassed, to meet him. "Good morning, Mr. Willis. I'm afraid you've just missed my brother—I saw thim riding along the river just npw. Totty, go and tell mother M& Willis is hem." " Presently—presently," said Mr. Willis, in his deep voice, putting bis great hand on TOttyA bead. "I came to see you in par ticular, Miss Gray. I want to speak to you by yourself, if you don't mind." Dolly sat down in her chair, pale and fluttered. She supposed, of oourse, that the offer of marriage, of which die had had a preliminary notice, was now| to be made in form, and ahe nerved herself to bear it. But shewasrpiBtaken. " I came to ask your forgiveness, for—for what happened the other day," said ■ Mr. Willig, standing before her, between; the children, with his hands on toe little table, speaking in as eubdued a tone|as his great' bass voice ires capable, of. " I don't know how I came to forget myself as I did. lam Avery stupid fellow. But 1 did not dream of annoying you" " 0 don' , - —t say anything more about it," 1 stammered Dolly, colouring furiously, but much relieved. " We none ofnT™ n we say always." 08 ®ean wv " It was not what I mid." he sudden emphasis, -catchine he? rT'ed, *j the rude haste-it wasthe wL {Vil » and startled yon. I have bi jtdl8t»a» ever since, thinking of it «^TIni8eraS J""114»£"*. I wiUnotMmehere^fi'ti y I havebeen used to. I came toa*k» cuwiua^vutsub, mm yet HOW COOld Hhnt to keep away .when andPatty'egmat friendranThJdhffl freedom of the house for years TRh«- ' to fctopoioM i.d.oWM.^ffi'hJte' her with earnest, entreatinn *,£ iJr"8}. before her wth his hands on tS^taSf s was a very fine-looking m>n h, 2?uiA. enormous balk and his forty.five jSJ B massive flesh, was by no meansoutof portion to bis bones and muscles, aS^ whole, frame was weU-kZ lM athletic, and dignified. He had broad-browed head, of the compact Rrin tope, with very short hair wRVeS iS 5«tfd-*®11 upon a colossal neck? J his weather-browned free was Ci kindly, though not usually so gmveSfjt 1 HOW* " I only want to do what you like beat" urged, anxious to know his sentence/ She looked down upon Theresa's i«hJ pained and embarrassed, and a little toad by this simple chivalry; but before she cw frame any sort of answer,. pfltty « sailing out upon the verandah, with Bweepwg skirts, and put an end to dialogue. " Idid not hear yon come, Mr. WiIIk"a Patty cheerfully, putting out her hand w frank frfendliness, aa if she knew nothi about anything. Why didn't you call i children T Draw up some chaira for Mr Wil and mother, Totty; it is pUasauter hetett in the house. So the conversation became general, a Mr. Willis became his every-day self. ' children clambered about bun, and felt his pockets, drawing ont the three packets sweetmeats with which he always piovii himself before coming to Bunawannah; a his wonderful laugh rang out at intern infecting even Holly with its irresistil humour. He talked, too, npon every to which Patty suggested, with the ease ai abandon of a man accustomed to self-contn and the English gentleman's habit of i pressing emotions in public. Presently the first dinner-bell rang, and disengaged himself from the children's ei braces, and rose, "You'll stay and take lunch with us, 1 Willis?" said Patty. "No, thank you, Mrs. Gordon,notto-daj " O nonsense 1 Who ever heard of such thing—when it is just 1 o'clock! And Her will be back in a fewminutes." But Mr. Willis persisted in his determii tion not to stay, to the great astoniihme and grief of the little ones, who, when tt ODce got him, seldom parted from him ni they went to bed. He kissed and comfort them, sad told them they should all havt ride on Jupiter if they didn't cry. He sho hands with Patty, whose hospitable heart v sad to see him go when dinner was-almost the table; he shook hands with Dolly silent and held her band a moment He want terribly to know whether he might come Bunawannah or not, and he paused in h< of some sign that would tell him; but Dol of course, was only too glad to be spared t necessity of such a decision. When he i quit© gone, and the little ones came sorrc fully In to dinner after their ride, Dorol told her sister what had passed, .and ati her what conclusion she considered i Willis would be most likely to rometa "To stay away, of course, arid rat promptly. "Oh. my dear, you noed hare fear of his troubling you again Dolly thought it was a great pity he herself under a dump of wtfttes « water's There were voices m nan at this hour, which made poetic souL All that tender J*"® ^ ^ a warn, and. meltmgJon^.»P»n ^ them free to where i| phantasmal lights and shadows.^, DO Mtiog WiOTSSi KrsrJisfi; SSSI^SSffSlg«gsSj. iafffSSe s ludd and l«®*2MTyf< st her feet.waaHn8 ^ £ssr dusk fell, fiaSsgss riy.folded hiite I g to them,.she 5.'wg.t«itydJK>» L this fapnb^ end-sawtbat the boat was "Po *?*/filing. (The Murray Is not sW Whames™ they could converse across fike way without any effort). ' Because »i° "jl t think I could manage to get the jf you do, x(»»«— loatacrosa not heat of such p. ■jJatuinllF. wanted tocome over, thing- ^/vnUTlv. but he would wait until i „tber conjd fetch him, of course^ : •°?u2fc I assnte you it would be no trouble, with quiet persistence. "And it sb®{rt' auite a saftf venture, for I have *° .rrnstotoed to boats at home." ^."Sffease-tf she were quite sure she ^ S? do it-if it would not be too hard Kk«d to ?° |d not put her to too much ^VeiMr. Jocelyn reluctantly, but de %Se ffifeiTtbe rope, (stepped into the S? sne oars imtheir places, and ^ly hut eteality, guided herself towards w!?v am ashamed to stand here and see you „ •? 'Mie exclahhed, with a little fervour of 'Nation mingling with his admiration and * don't know how to ^kJmaa she came near be reached out a , and took her in to the bank, and lon? Ifafoars from her hands. As she rose w^. r-et with a warm colour in her face, rtSWi-* " Lady of the Lake — he Wong „ geemed to stand jhe guardian Naiad ol tht strand." « * «inrh like a Naiad either, with her vSiah black dress and. white frilled ffiSfand those shining light-brown braids rf tfky hair trained so neatly round her h She was breathing quickly, and her hands. Jmectfnlly licked by Pnnce, were trembling. .fy-QU have tired yourself—lfcwas too much for you," he exclaimed, quite shocked by the "Hfrrhe current was stronger than it looked," .ha replied, " and I am alittle out of practice. RpsidM. I never tried to row on fresh water hrforeT and the sea is so much more very sorry I let ydudoit, Miss Gray; J^rt^ure°you^1have M^hurt myself at ftlL" Bhe said, just a little haughtily, begin ntoe to fear this young man would flatter himself that Bhe had made a great exertion f/whiaeake. "I was thinking this morning luKk Mr? Robinson to let the boat Itoon our side a day or two, that I might Sit I was taught to raw by a gowi old beachman at Yarmouth, Mid I promised him I would not forget what I had learned, if I WShe tookbar seat in the stern of the boat, and looked away from him down the river, vith calm, grave eyes, and a firmly-closed mouth; and Mr. Jocelyn began to pull into, the current- silently. < One of the habits,. *hich had become unstracta, engendered; bv his early training -in an atmosphere of wdal refiieacnf, was Ajuickness of percep-. tion and fact This, indeed, stood him in atead of higher qualities .in his intercourse with women. He saw quite well that his fair lady of the lake had done as much for. him, all things considered, as her maidenly judgment approved of, and he had the good Emm to leave her alone, with her mantle of ititrve wrapped round her, and_ to make wo attempt to take advantage of the posi tion of intimacy in which she had impnl , rofl| tad accidentally placed herself. ; , But there was no necessity whatever for staining to iobk'at her, seated right before, him at she was, with her face turned aside. Ee wshed the Murray had been five^ times as breed, as he set' himself to this delightful occupation. The more he studied her face, flie more its special but indefinable beanty grew upon bim. Where was its charm! Was ' it her eyes, which Seemed always looking;, wistfully 'beyond the borinm of the common world for something which nSver came—t grey, child-like, changeful eyes, withlong lashesover and faint shadows under them ? , Or was it her month, finely cut, delicate, sensitive, with jost that touch of pride and decision which Bhould belong to a pure ana; earnest nature—not too small, not. in the. least likely to escape control, yet frank and grade and womanly? Or was it the open, and intelligent forehead, mora broad than high, but not too broad, with the straight browB of a Greek' statne, and carving, bine* veined temples, from which the shining hair was smoothly brushed away ? Or was it the' fineness of the general texture, the purity ra'd simplicity of "ths; toitf ensemble—the clear, pale skin; the white, short teeth; the soft braids, innooent of frizrattes or orna ments, which were like spun silk, as if a speck of dust had never touched them; the trader curveB of the milky throat; the easy droop of the shoulders; the giriish grace of figure; and, not least, the simple lady's dress, whose beauty was in its fineness and its fit, and the whiteness and even crimping of the small ruffles at neck and wrists, which were its only trimmings f It was nothing in particular; it was all these things together— -'psnect harmonious, exquisite whole— which did not strike the observation vio. fiction. ono a^ow^ with deep satis* More and mora, as he looked at-her, did the idea of Fanny Robinson force itself upon {us mind, and every time he thought of her [**38 with increased repugnance. She was jobs his wife; that was almost a settled Unless somebody left bim money gufim a few weeks or months, which was . r®,wildest improbability in the world, he Kir to take advantage of that young : £?£• willingness to help him out of his diffi* ' wsign himself to ruin. He had done it once, and he bad enjoyed the 22"*®' it; he had had twopr three opportum* rUUlOMAn nltM^AVAblaMnlinnitMmim KtlfcrlA "wftttonjed bimforattemplingitagain,bnt he i;W dehberately shrank from and shirked |1r®;:ond now, as he pulled acroea the with poiothy Gray in charge, and of what Mr. Graig caUs "realisable ^ala '—of the higher possibilities he might yc reached nnaer happier conditions—he j^jutned that he would put it off as long desperate, tircumstanoee allowed. JJffi wtt thought did dimly snggost itsolf ^tnera wera obligatioiw of honour binding j^u.bim, which he was setting aside when j^Pmpoeed to himself to marry a vulgar W^tiess of temptation; and that- had he to*JP?oourage to doit-it would be bettei lu^'with any privation than to live and toivftete so ignominiously. But he fell con£ ®<n£0!ou* that he was deficient in $38? °f that sort as indeed he was. ji!Wf impatiently, he made an effort U liteL " of these gloomy reflections obi,;&.a?.°.ther in his position, the firs radSt. v? 6 wue to give himself plessnn behimself pain. Let Fanny RobinsM with .ifl te oblivion for an hour ,or two Utnirj ,e? uncomfortable associations drink in, in peaoe, while he had tin of this sweet faoe—out i^o ono of Botterill's dream; 1 WteVi^^ tbe cool grey twilight^-am mxg s.w imaginary existence for imagines; The littleboatgratedon-tha stones^the rope was made fast to the Btump, and the _ Jq^ ^ "If I don't runiu quickly, I fear I shall keep tea waiting." • < So. hehad nothing to do bat take her hand, raise bis hat,, watch her tripping ah the bonk until she disappeared' amongst the laurel bushes, and go about his own business. . " Child, where have you been f exclaimed Patty, meeting Dorothy as she . was running throngh the house to her bedroom; ' " Putting Mr. Jooelyn over the river in the boat," rejoined Dolly, laughing, as the ab surdity of.the fact struck her; Patty .smiled too, but in a hesitating way, as if she thought she was being made fun of. "You don't mean really? Well, I hope he feels himself sufficiently honoured." ' "01 couldn't help it, Patty, He wanted very; much to come over, and the boat was in , Victoria and there was no one to take it back to New South Wales. Besides, I was quite glad to get an oar into my hand again. I managed it very well, too, though it was a dreadful tng, 1 had all I could do to keep myself from drifting ignomiuiously goodness knows where, end I wouldn't have let myself down like that before a man for anything. What would poor dear Stephen West have thought of me if I couldn't have kept my boat's head straight for that little distance! But there's such a current, you know." ■ "Yes," said Patty, "and it's very well for you it was not winter time or rainy weather. Don't you be running any risks of that sort' again unless Heriot knows about it, or you'll he drowning yourself some of these days. There, it has done you good, at all events, land put a little colour info your face. Bun away and get ready for tea. I wish I had Been Mr. Jocelyn myself; I would have asked him to come in and have some music this evening." Dorothy went to her room, and changed her Quaker dress for a rather more elaborate | costume with a long skirt, and weht to Bit in the drawingroom until Heriot's arrival should | give the signal for the ringing of the tea-belL ! The lamp was lit, hut turned down; the windows were open, and the curtains sway ing in and out gently with soft puffs of wind. The canaries had done singing for the day, and it was very still and cool and quiet She sat down to the mono, which sfood open nearly in the middle of room, and began to extern. I porise in that dreamy fashion, at once so in coherent and so harmonious, which had j melted Mr. Willis to teara. It was the Buuset on the river, and the evening lights and shadows on the hills, which inspired her now. With her foot on the soft pedal, her fingers hovering and twinkling over the keys, her bea4 a little drooping forward—the bright hair making a central patch of light in the dimness .around her—she translated her thoughts info her favourite language with a pathetic tenderness and passion that could neverb&ye; been uttered in words. The glow of. the mellow sunlight bathed her .imagina tion as it had bathed the river when she was Bitting beside it; and the vision of that lovely rose-cplour was before her still, flush ihg apd fading on those distant peaks. But besides .^his—hardly recognisable to herself, and yet .having its' effects in confused seh eations—there was a haunting memory of Mr. Jocelyn'^ handsome face. Strange to say, he was the first gentleman, of 'such pretensions, with whom Bhe had come in contact in any definite way, in spite of her remarkably rare attractions. After her mother's death and during her father's life time, she and Theresa had .been kept So rigorously secluded from the society of young people that the clergymen of the parish weye the only men of birth and education suitable to themselves, in age and tastes frith whom they had had more than a bowing acquaint ance. Out of this small circle only two had bfeen " unattachedof which two one had become Theresa's husband, and the other bad- been a grim ascetic, who advocated the celibacy of the clergy, and thought it a sin to look Voluntarily upon a beautiful woman. And go it cbagced that she had come to Aus-, tralia.iri. the maturity of her girlhood, .with .her-poetical, passionate, hungry sonl never having known the nature and force of,that terrible sympathy which, .between men and women, we call, in a special sense, love. The chamber which was\destined for this great god—this creator, or destroyer; as the case might be—had stood .empty and garnished until now. And it Was empty stilL Mr. Jocelyn had not opened the door ; he had just passed by. as it were, and looked in. She went on playing and dreaming until— as frequently happened nowadays—she was possessed and spell-bound by her own excite ment She began to feel the Weirdnesa of the darkening twilight, to which the open window at her back and the turned-down lamp exposed her. Ghostly creatures seemed to be coming' up from the, river and trailing in from the mountain gullies, looking at her and creeping up to her, and she dared not rise and face them. She heard whisperings in the garden and scratchings on the verandah, and over and around her some vast supernatural presence seemed to have token possession of the room. A sudden pataiyais seized her fingers; she tried to play, but the notes were struck falteringly, mechanically, and without sequence. She felt that if she left off playing Bhe would have to scream. This strange agony, which Beamed so protracted, really lasted but a few seconds, and then Heriot's firm tread and hearty voice were heard in the hall, and it was all over. , She sprang to the lamp and turned the screw, and the broad flame illuminated every oorner of the room. There was the delicate Saper, the black hangings over windows and oorways—painted all over with little birds arid butterflies and pretty things—the rich carpet, with its barbaric colours quaintly blended, the luxurious chain and sofas, the bright mirrors, the choice paintings, the graceful ornaments—it was the very,last place that ghosts might be likely to take a fancy to. one stood Dy the table beside the lamp, pale and bewildered with the Bhock she ^ What can he the matter with me?' she asked herself, putting her hands toher head. She had asked that anxious question many times withto the last few months, but could never find an answer. However, asjm when she felt all right again, she tried fo forget it as fast as possible. She would toU Patty, that was all; she did not think Patty would langh at or disbelieve her. And she would ask if little Totty might sleep in her room. , l l j Heriot walked to presently, when he had made his toilet, and Mr. Jooelyn walkedto ^Whati all alone, Dolly ?' exclaimed her brother cheerfully. " Where a see I was. lucky enough to totaroept Mr. Jooelyn on hiB way home. And I've brought Ut£^"&TwmX; WoSSU accepted tbisinvitation was apparent on his coimtenapcj) still. Meanwhile Mr Rohinson. who had been to see a neighbcur on the Victorian ride, re turned to the river, rowed himself across, and LLIliT w»* hfttWft tn hi* tan Tfa wyafc Ma ©9 the threahold of the house. drVo*-v-» » usual at this honr, in a mass of finery tha almost weighed. her down, and looking ex tremely out ;of, temper. "Well, my' dearj" . said the oldchepifully, "is teaready?' ' "Yes, papa; and yon,won't have tow⁢ for Mr. Jocelyn to-night; he has gonetotbe Gordons'." T.v "Glad to hear it," responded Mr. Rojrinson. Its dull for a young man: to see only the. earns two faces day after day. But why don't yon go over yourself .oftener ? Mrs. Gordon was speaking to me yesterday—saying she saw so little of you." : . "Ob,"said Miss Fanny, with a toss of the head, "I know where I'm wanted, and it's not at Burrawannab. The Gordons are not the sort of people I core about either." * " Your poor mother was of a different opinion, and she knew who was who as well as anyone.: I daresay Mrs. Gordon is a little too old to be a oompanion for yon," he added reflectively; V but now Miss Gray is come it will be quite different. She is just about your age, and one of the niceBt girls! I ever came across." , "I should think she is rather bold and onward," said Fanny., " Bold and forward 1" echoed the old man loudly. "Miss Gray 1 0 you girls, you girls, you never have a good word for one another! You know nothing about her, my dear, or that's the last thing you'd say." " Well,: at any rate, I saw her bring the boat across herself to fetch Mr. Jocelyn to Burrawannah. It was nearly dark, ana she was quite alone. If that was not bold,:I don't.-know what is. It lohked like an appointment to me." "Nonsense—nonsense,"cried Mr. Robin son. " She has hardly spoken to Mr. Jocelyn. You've got hold of tne wrong pig by the tail somehow. Them, make the tela, and don't talk scandal." So she made the tea, sullenly and silently. And after tea she went out to walk along the river bank, and find out as well as she could what was going on at Burrawannah. She did not gain much for her curiosity. The house was closed and silent; the lights shone bom the drawin groom windows; the hunt sound of the piano was all she heard. She went back, eat in the din in groom, : yawning over some fancy needlework, for an hour; grew tired of her old father's company, and retired to her bedroom; and there took up her post at a convenient window, and watched for Mr. Jocdyn's return. How long she sat there Bhe did not know; but, speaking of it afterwards, she called it van age." It was certainly -very late indeed wheu she heard the "cooey" for the boat from the opposite bank. There were two voices, chatting and laughing. Mr. Gordon was escorting his guest to the landing-stage. : She heard her father waking up from his doze over his pipe, and watched' him descend the bank to the water's edge, with a lantern in, his hand. The boat shot over, with its will 0' the wisplightflamingnowonthe old man's rugged face, and now on the rippling wake he ; left behind him; and then she saw the thrpe gentlemen standing together, with tyo | crimson specks in themighbourhood of their heads, talking, talking, talking, ad if it were £ o'clock in themottJng.' She stamped with , impatience as thetninutes ticked on, wonder ing why' in the wdrld her father and Mr. Gordon could not postpone their confidences about their sheep and their crops to a more , convenient season. It was they who weire causing the delay, evidently, for presently one of the red Bpecks went slowly down the river for about 50 yards npd back again, and that was Mr. Jooelyn's cigar, of course. But everything most come to mi end in time, and so, at the expiration of about half an hour, did this cqhfabnlatioii. : . A cheery "good night" indicated Mr. Gordon's departure, the oars dipped again into the stream, and the light of the boat's lantern flickered over two shadowy shapes instead of one. ' < As they drew hear ted bouse she went back to the family sittirngtoom, shaking out her long skirts/ and patting her puffy hair. •' I suppose be will have some whikkey and water before he goes to bed," she Bald to her self, assuming a more amiable expression of face. And, of course, she proposed to keep him company. "He" came very silowly up the garden path, her father having gone away to the back of the house and left Mom He had'thrown away his cigar, and was singing softly to himself,— " I arise from dreams ol tbee, In the first sweet deep of night. When the winds am breathing low. And the stars are homing bright" She listened, and her lips parted in a smile. Was that serenade for hey! He came along ' the verandah, slowly, meditatively, his hands in his pockets, his head dropping on his breast. " A spirit hath led meto thee, sweet, A spirit hath led me to thee." How many fair faces were associated in his memory with the singing of those words! They clustered round him' dimly, radiating from one distinct centre into the outermost circle of forgetfulneHS, like the angels in a mediaeval picture. That centre was, of couree, the latest, and. as he thought, the worthiest of all—the face of the English girl, with the quaint, old-fashioned name, Sure and pale and Bweet as a newly-opened ly. She had been playing the accompani ment of Shelley's song for him, with that wonderful delicacy of touch and sympathy of expression; and he had never thought it so beautiful before. But, alas for Fanny Robinson! She had no place in bis thoughts at that moment. He walked straight past the diningroom without looking in, struck a match, went into his bedroom, and bolted the door j behind him. 