Olt' BUo z W n ".. .s som dbetbhPy years have elapsed lince the eir. aises laitershater related eirttieed a cnrlosity 'ii o, imeans limnited to the neighbour. llik I.h ehifted rapidlyl the principal ta i Lee 'bshave peawed.away; the i' , With w P.teasddeanes1 rare even in these se e td esupined as pec as dissimilar to hi iA? IlatX11 }ua, though amuhendua rinSg, peb~i . ".'Te ilitlay that pierced Hiolwych to 4Irta` d ^wty like cobwebs pioturese old .0eb s'tarl " villa-residenoe" in their oem 'eoi i?o 6seorh its poble uplands, rich with b4l Irdnt/sor Irvirt the course of the little river, hkinte 6ts?.g.rm n pools, ever sinace Ciar's war. b1helo~'ibutilad tbhdogh this vale, countless genera. ties ofout h?dlsiued and fattened ; but it tunnelled u ielt '? p ed t 'tbbr, and, rushing on to h4ltWdtt1itcdOt l# olwych a tirivinp town indeed, U1l Vith a ?nhbee on a vit to London, Sd ,tibhig bught hiaek with it something or the wl?garitg ngger of metropolitan suburban Sfl? t etnamorptasls,combined with the alteration ef'lfwresr will priserve for Holwyeh 'a sufoing ieglbent ir this which follows Is, so to speak, a *e*y.`+ ASnd the lovers of seolhsarrations are some* tlb-s, la-Inab , e the'privilege of the sex that most Qfllj*..tt t?e-p seo, etai, and somewhat dif". Ma ;sioytj'pist _Expln. your ghost, and he ?W Vl~ hebtot, DoM't,adeemts if yonr veracty p slhat toe, piartoulars are demanded as the Iew htl "Ich it mglit' be oiaepedsient-nay, Ne ltostl dsoe. "'eipp a butter resim than Ijedtast of mste Mdnder may be found foi this ~a~dlaelsmf'unsrtitieA in theb feat that it has oen l elped itm itself to con end that t? y. tng i 'or very midst, ppwers, fo ,. ad hi n an's geanered lather iesio OUlonel Outhbert b h fie little anewly- married S i. searh of eountby bomrne. ? jn~h.a. essea, inother pir of whom qpnto h myeacd-was all before them, o a asl,, baring no reason for especiasl siOd to esamlue at least ach parts of ! on~C atenutly uiqeisd in fortnight, and t oredby the sobre charms of mansion, well elothed with wood to bave hbeealenattioa ylum-end & with, thanks, a brighbterlooking resi et prentor had pushed his wife pit the law, pseee,in ste iawergr slog tea pcer,, resusing to ounvrit him), the s wife fundhmselves, at the end of a pretty little usterf f oottges, and re, bloh at that time represented Stebroad aunny plands on the one t odand watered valley on the other, S oed the sope so attraetive, that they 4lst .the village Inu-the swan , a.ml e somelpeal inquiries. ' _mrkpd the colonet, thoughtfully, as "pd-mhor eta back window of the re, ,ew.of the adijsooet .munty. pc ead through S P.p?,sp, -It seems to know Jd S ked .wife,.laughisg. b;Ici?.?. ? repliesd the oolonel, as. ot quite certain that it !dosliant in this neigh * ae seeorpisiea-dfce' .slan-?t to come?" aepplied theolonel; .444 hi , said h,,iso wife, tqWdp"ti4, esr pIone her it ', ,scrtolsso s .. , , tp.Pd?. l,,"- ,?. ~ ? , , ..: R i ie .m,,,"-s?ire tbe,,n,to r Snewmre tae sort prvission you pbbl gpans, mine tnmes in te, A .? els.itef opinion as to it den lsees r f, .ypdeaic it an. old al ' l'asrli p ase to lrs her," 4K if Sd ee to bai against that colone, a they st aj!hent,'11r that alP' said hislittle wife, SEPisu iot bilg iyself to believe that t53 tdtWg '~bet bie jshowo elocilate4 to pro sasi~rrejlihibe drirs to push 9e1aeai s .lft'sa no 'matter. I shbould never fee , _a ý Lt at home, you know-in a a$hd hppened."' eoel iswt tot yo hif un ,w' observed the yla q?o?[ der'if eevir m ed the well--after P" atsteyei? t si?nhfr mysieljf, I own," said the aN 'mi tie' illp d let that well alone. -weeetsaro + etb' tl e; know of ,any vacant reei' dedla'frthlsd Itake ilt neeiggbarborood I 'should wahr_ fgldiW t a" outofiees, and a little land. flb?be ?tlsb isI4 i tt us, I take It." i (-? -i?tb is, po; sir," answered the man, with a .isljrs. l?derton. dtyde meat P" ' 7,totlIe, -4 suit the lady," returned btlrenid'hanl>ly eth'i tn chse pat, almost, is l'ahdb pailon of f isnhinner'wheh hod lived there ~eh Hr thberi r? ( lph?'t, Mr. Bredgett, in a ,he which. it too ld. t yeti timest emt - p siel a oribeked 17i hs placatoe oer ao(lW.il . e:?ncbal tuhelir od u ro" fam the 'hahe ieif `? sjih ~ sittsr genueXo" . t el' d)I, bf ? lsy bdeo pein e o geat.s, dt o ""r' ,lo a. vecproutcy so sheh lebylnhing o standing hack from the mo-esedaNs, so'dr be hnly' risible 'othre the gate, whhsehwldpn upon s : broad b rrie sweep. It wess bunItretknd itto, ' long and ier, and had pro jse ?dii"? thad nbelterd portieo--ltogether pre menildTrk ; + iet Imouing frootge,;c while, from its d ; it, wu clear that the back win dows'ibc ltaikomiadan unnioterrpted view of the whetlbdathat"b·eattifl'vsl'lon the woode slope ot which it stood. .herdcpihed ohecked bh hoses,to make a closer crttjq r lere. wer* sremoants of nuotioneers' so cou,?p?pste?sill edhering to the outer walls, and theo, b itelef displaysd to sline of oeeupation. Doqq andiindows wsore cosed throughout. Ito th-edof smoke, issuing from any of the multitodi now piumney betrayed the prassaee ofresnut?es who mc?-dinaoe and the pmpert, generally, appeared to e qlteisd to the sombre gersoship of two col~lngset-hl l mae , halb f trifhn-whinh flanked they ortioop "Tha t hooe, no, looks s if it bahsd story," ob orvedls' Eldairtn. "I awh it had anotber i" replied her huesbad, with a MofLo clsin ofthe eyes. "Too ueavy, by hul, for iunl'iih'eleration. The grounds, i thrbe hany, mitntulbe megnitenol desr. 8hall we give them o mibndit'te two? e?rr.' Elderton readily amsoented, soad the pair, slighting, walked-as the riddle bath it-round the bone, anaiounad the hoise, and were only deterred forn looklepl in at every window by the strong iron rihutei wheh hermetieally seated the same. "bdy our lease, monstersl" aid the eoloneal, im patintly;, they returned to the portico and he atree sto ut togat tshe bell, whieh emitted one beany eepsilhe, l mote, and thensa, ' if eshausted with the fsc,0dreft tit handle in his grasp. Peok0?ed, hot not discouraged, the two esploren ontiuad'to borer about the enchasted catle, till tbsey'dtseore d annmall wicket, opening upon a lane, following 'ghieb letter they rome ucon a gate, strong and meerely locked, bet with openhbarsr, the aford. lng a view of the garden and grounds in rear of the mansion.' These sppsered eren more picturesque.and heastiful than the colonel bad anticipated. Brood terrsee, 'epaelone lawne--some lerel, aome sloping downard tonrrd the river, whose murmur, as it rippld owsr some inwisible weir, could be faintly bhard clumps ol maple, plaoo, and elmsI choked up Bowerhie; o-covereldfoantins, everywhere Swild warfare betwei order tod ictfesioa,:ih which the former was being gradually overborne. On the farther side Af the central lawn there com meneoa an avenue of huge and venerable walnot.trees, lerminating in an alcove or open stmtmer-hotte of -hite stone. Shut out from the house by the inter -wning treei, this building'wes so placed as evidedtly to cominmas, 'not only the fairest portions of the gar. den, but the distant country beyond. SWhy, Oatbbert, it is a paradise!" exclaimel Mri. Kiderton, visions of improvement already chasing each other'through her active mind. It was, in truth, a emiling scene. The apple and, pear blossoms-these must have been a hobby of some former proprietor-were absolutely dazzliog ; and the young May leaves, with their mbft, fresh tints, com pleted the natural glory of the scene. The.oansion Iteelf, on this side, presented quite a cheerful aspect the rear face being either painted red, or faced with brick, and abundantly clothed with pear and pome granate, trained round the windows, which opened to the ground. "The house is a humbug!" remarked the colonel. " Who, from its frowning front, would hare expected a scene like thl P' " It is just the plane I siould dote on!" siod bis wife, enthusiastically. "Vacant, too, dear. What could that man mean,' by saying there was nothing in the neighbourhood P" "The waiter I can only account for it," replied the colonel, "by the supposition that spme friend of his, just married-and ready, those demoralising oir eumetaeose, to indulge his wife's every whim-bas an ye upon it already. "Oh, Cothlert, does that mean- P" " It means, at all events, that we'll make some in quiry. But how to get- hallo, youl" A boy of loafing aspect, coated with moes, as if hb had been bird-nesting up some venerable tree, had just ep red from behind a elump of elder-bushes. Hallo, youo returned the lb , like a surly echo, " Who look after this pace P" "None but th' dihen, I'low," replied the youth ' The ushers? It's a school, then P" " If'tis, there's a wbbncy," respondea the remark able boy, with a #ecoad gin. SDo these mhibe re4eire people who wish to see the house and grounds?" SNo.: They ep 'n away," said the boy.. And, pressing his ands on his bulgy pockets, as though oonscionu of lmething oontngband, he prowled away. "Ill see the agent to-night, at Hatchfocd," said the colonel, as they regained the carriage. The neglected mansgio bad, in trath, taken the fancy of bot0i. They could talk of nothing else I and, lon 'ere they reachel Hatebford, had not only made the property their own, but trahsformed it into a model of perfection, wherein art and aature itrore in vain for mastery. After dinner, the ooloel,.with assumed indiflerence, thought he would stroll down to see the agent, Mr. .Brodgett. He did not invite lli wife's company, fear ing, perarvestore, that her undiguised'desire to pe sets the mansion at Holwych might somewhat inter fere with the sirgain ae hoped to effet. o hebi told 'her be was tired. :Mr.B~odgett, who wea still at work in his offie, readily forgave the colonel'e untimely visit, and fur niphed all needful information. The "mansion," as it was called,nf Rolwyeh was untenanted a had been so, n effect, forsome little time-a oouple of yeam or so 'rthe rent being high (in f?ot, four hundred a year). Seeing that the land was limited to aboot a dozen oaret, withoutebooting-4or Mr. Brodgett would not allude to the rightof shooting dboehioks in the Mumble as sport-the rent was high.' But then there wer' reasons: the mansion was historial. "Historio al" . "CO neoted with oease the moet ntereting periods pf $uglih history. The Lord Oheanllor Jereys, by ome t nhie yled the 'bloody' is id to bhave m. tided there." . . , : "Thidenoe e shas " ejaculated the colonel, think. ingof his nerrou little wife. "Bpt,"a emed Mr. Brodget, seeing hbi mistake, ted. wi' anindulgent amile, " this slotebased on any reorded f ots. , Holwryh,: n maut know, was fo. -nerly thea sie town, and posibly his lordship, who. juitjge oti ciuit, might have paed n ight at the mansuion. Then, sir, the 4idgular:bemuty of the ground--r". . . .. "My good air, the terms are simply, abanrd," aid, the eolone, decisively, ,: , : S"So lp ntured to tell my priheipal i rZplied Mr. Brodgett, laughing " But he is a man who hates nmall trauuaction-petty investments you kuo-. 'Get me four hundred,,Brodgett,' he wrote, 'or let the owls have it rent-free.' By- the-by," continued the agent, looking among hie papers, " in a letter, -re o?ired this very day, be intimates a willingnoeito eall,' and that on terms that might suit you better than a leae... Here it is. 1 am almost ashamed to tell you, but he is eccentric. For the entire property-it i freehold, and the house in good repair-twelve hbn dred poundsl" "The price is not exorbitant," owned the colonel: wishion he might draw.a obeque on the spot. "It o worth thrice the money, sir," growled Mr. Brodgett. " But I must obey orders." An appointment wasumade for thenext morning to inspect the mansion and groundes and the colonel was turning to leave, when it occurred him to remark that he understood the place had been recently occn. pied as a school. "School!" said Mr. Brodgettae if amaced. " And is left in charge of the ushere." "UsherP tF H'm. Ushers Nothing of the sort, sir, I assure yon," said tbe agent hastily. "It is of no oonseaqance. No doubt I wea mis taken," replied the colonel. And, hurrying home, re ported to his delighted wife the happy issuesf his ex pedition. S(b be continued in our next.) 