' MECHANICS' ' INSTITUTE. "Tiik lIisToitr, Itm.inious Phinoipi.rs, ' and Pbactiuks or tub Sociktv or .PlUBNUS." . \---The above fdniicd the hulijcct of a .lec tor'! delivered, at thc .Mechanics' Institute oil Thursday evening by Mr. .T. J. Dymontl, one of a. deputation now oil a visit to this colony from Eughuid. ,. .Mr.,)Jy»|oNi),;in. commencing, explained ..that ihcj came .there oil that occasion ua oiie, ol'a deputatioh oftwo or three friends trom the Sqcicty'iiii L'oriabii, and that in the .cqurse .'ot; . tlieir journey through the col- biiics, ' they had ' visited Tusmuniu. The subject of bis lecture was not one that could' be treated exhaustively in a single lecture,, and he would deal witli it briefly. I ..The Society, of Friends took its rise 'in thcmiddle of. the, 17th century, a time Jin which there Svas'a considcrabic ainountlof agitation, -when both political and religions ' matters were involved together, und u tiriie " i tTltri rrn iitrvr. ,, "fta n , ! nn ,, ti 7n ".".....vu s0.ufco»i;ic I.U IIU1U l>ClDg Oli sf settled basis. There were many persons' who were dissatisfied with the religious ' principles' arid practices' of the day, who. soiight'to live ii godly life, tree from forms aud ccrcriionics. -Though there were one, or two prominent iudividuula who were called founders, there were lrinny who founded the Society. It was from 1G50 to 1670, pcrhupsg.that.tlicy.beguu to accept the views of Pox and his companions, but it wus not ,witb thejdefined 'intention of establisbiug u distinct; sect. ' They soon spread over the whole worldl' They were not confined ! to, tlic British Islands alone, but we read j of .them all over the continent. They suffered, among other things great persecutions, wore oppressed by tlie . priests, and suffered iri/thcirjpcrsqns'arid'tliiir'fortuncs, even to. death. /,'A.sl'riiany, , as 1300 were im prisoned for "declining1 to take the oaths, and conform to, the religious practices | of the day, (luring the time of King Charles the, Second. But still they had increased, liiicF'Jas 'iriany'?asi7j06b' persons in the British'-.Islcs', alorie'now iiussed under the liiuiie of Friends. There were in England, Scotland, and Wales 14,000, and in Ire; lund, 3000, while in the United States they jriumbcred from 70,000 to .80,000. These colonics h'ud iri' proportion to theii poprila- tiorisnSmimynstrieoidcburitryf'Asregariled: the Society in tluB place, it was introduced by Backhouse and Walker in 1834, undltiiere were ( some ' 1 their'- present who could remember tbc first services held. Small as tbc Society bod been numerically' iri England,' 'its iritiuencc' : had 'been, great, ana it had btcri.lu' jirncticul assistant' in'- pracuriug religious' freedom, enjoyed! by' .them more than the . less-favoiired ''people iof other icouutriesj' <Tbc Society. has never' . had a written creed,; still/ from" time to' titue, dociuncutii', had -been1' .issued' informing Jthe uninitiated' of thcir'dbctrincs.' 'These had been sanctioned at the meetings 'held Jfor the past '20d j'c«rs; and lmd lieen embodied i noncvqlume,' " The; doctrines, practikes, 'tnd principles of j the '' Society, of Friends," ttom' whicll during 'tlic course/of Ithe evening the' speaker. rerid.seVeriUrixtracts. . n.Thc,8Ecaker.tocu;referredi .to the beliefs held 'by the' mrinipere.,qf,itKe Societyj of Friends. . They, fielicved iri the Eternal God, iri'Jcsiis- Christ,'' and' iri' the lioly Ghpstl' And/here he felt anxious, and had ielt'.unxipris/in'.tta coloaies, to'impresa'iipon'his hcareri that the riicm- bers pf the Society were' riot ''1 SpiriUsts," 'and. .had no connection or brotherhood with that class of. believers,, with whom; he regretted-'to say,' the modern world' had hcMme.'acquaSnted, The " Society frir ther helievcd' iri'.'God/ Jcsiis- 0hrist,i "arid1 Jthe Holy Ghost unitedly. They did "riot use- the word " Trinity. They did not find it used in any part of the Bible, and believed it to be a term which bad led to UDich controversy, Those who were familiar with tlie early- writings of the Friends, had no doubt become acquainted with- the term "luwurd Light." And here, lie would remark thutin reading these early writings, it should be borne in mind that they were controversial works, and that language and terms were used much stronger than we wouldf consider warranted in these da'ya;,r_TbiBterm " Inward Livht" he woifld explain, simply meant the operation of the spirit in the heart, or in another word, conversion. As reeardnl :th?irj betid', doubtless many1 wtiiild sav they were just the same v5ews"as were held' by almost all Protestant 'denomination,, i„ the present day, and be was veiy glad to iay'tb'ot"chidivwa8thc'case,'ancf-fi:Utved .that if different sections of the Church were to- niect 'together nicirej Ihcy 'would' find much that., made them in harmonv will, 'cachJothtrr-Thc-8pcnker-thenbrieflv glanced at ,thc churacter .of, George Fox whom he had '.already" spokcii' of 'as the founder of the Society.,; He was a man who came of ; godly' worents, and was from one, of tlie midland . counties' of England He felt the barrenness of the times, and his oivn want of salvation, 'arid frequently tool long journeys seeking for peace. Ilj went ,."" "«; uaieuer ro another, bnt one,,. told hirii to." sniolc tohaccoj and another : to i sing psalriVs,' till one day when deep in.prayer, he felt /what lic' dcscribca as a secret voiceispeoking in his hciirt, and from that hour. lie wns a changcd iuan, going ' forth, withothers of .the. same mind, lidiev /in the revealing power of thc lloly SjnriL and tbis was the principle 'that rictnated .their founder., ', But, it , be'cariie, incumbent , on him to refer, to' some matters on , wbicb the Society differed from' other Protestant sects; and., lie would first, speak: of, their iinode ,ofy. worship. /It , lirid , 'iiliviiys' been their practice, to. assemble together in wor- <sbip, without anyone specially appointed as a'preneher, and to sit : together in . silence until one of their number found vent to his feelings in words. This sitting down to- gethcr iii-silciicc formed tlic basis of their worship,. iriid. if. tliey. looked .to the serin. tiires;thcyr-foiirid that' groiinil had 'hem given for .such a mode of worship hy Christ iri his1 'conversation with 'tlie woman ofSycliar. It hud 'always been a principle with thcrii 'that' thcy'Fotild' not educate ministers for the work of God, hut they had amongst them both men and , women who frequently spoke at , their. gatherings, and one of the practical benefits of this was that tlieyhnd'ichbliers of various grades and classes, and in tlic old country there were ninny from the ranks of. humble life, and many,,, again, possessed ot high mental abilities, This .matter of a call to the ministry Ws left' bctwecri tlic individual and his iriiiker. /'There were certain individuals nmqngi tlieni who were acknowledged as tciieliers, but tlie mutter of '"recoruiiig a minister;; ns it wns culled, wns not a lucretive one, tlieir teachers 'receiving no pay what- ever, and it was. a. matter of interest to notice that though they had existed for 200 years, and offered no ; inducements, many had given themselves to tho work of tho ;ministry. a Another,- feature yns that they had never used either of' those ordinance,', as they were , termed, baptism, , imd the sacrament,' or Lord's Supper, and in this respect, tliey stood' apart from; ail other Christians. As regarded water baptism it was undoubtedly .practised !in . the early Christina Church, nnd hy the nnostlcs tliemsclvesj -but tliey did1 not find any command that, it shniild he practised hy the Church. Ayitli reference, to the sacrament they iiiust .rcmcriiber.i tliht'. Christ was of the faiiiily of David," an'd 'ns a Jew it became'- him to go' up ilnnnally to cut the Pussovcr, und it was on the last occasion of his doing- this that he said, " Do. this in . rciriciijlinincc of me," butii was not riot a pci-'petual comiriiirid, and tho observance , of the. Passover ; ,w«s simply a >j « wi « wU 4 lots o.uvfiuit . ,»T ucu yuunv.uivU) XJ alltl (iCl ClllulllCB wen abolished,' andi the-- Society.'df Friends accordingly' possessed -nothing,' : and be licvedL in ' nothing that partook of tbe .character of religious . form'brceremoay. On the grounda of th'e-belicf already stated .the Society - the teaching of Christ 'to liivc our cnemi,knd he could uot imagine how a man conld implore tbe hclp'of his Maker to kill his ; fellow:raun. Another,objcction( the Society bad Ayaa.to taking nn.oatb/'ifoundipg their 'beliefiy.ony tlic, .command .'.of j ! Christ': to "Swear not at-all," and./,SLet youryea be fyea,. anil, youn nay i be ..nav,V; jand for this \- many of their nuniber bad lost tbeir liber- tics/their fortunes; and ieventbeir lire even in what some would consider a minor TTlttttGrTheirBing)ilarity of dress and ' language had ' its origin, iti a'ddsire for sim plicityi /They Btrove lo avoid tbeVabsafd .fashions of theday/andthe'Ianguagc.they used was theh the lahguage of.tne.comraoa people,; although .-it/ bad since becomes peculiarity of r4 Quakeriam,M u8 it wu called, but it was a peculiarity, that bad grown of itself. The speaker tlicu en- tcreil the testimony: ot-tbe-Society against .priestly. ; domihatiph.' . They knew very 'liitlc'ofWhat'thanieahtia these Coloaies, but in ttiii old country 'its influence wu .felt, but the.Friends could not call another ' .rami'.' ! Father" or /.Right Reverend Father ' iu, GoJ, "acknowledging only one Father —God himself.;) The, Jecturer thcn con concluded by an earnest appeal to ois hearers to keep their faith pure iu these days of ritualism, rationalism, materialism, and spiritualisai, and urged upon them to ponder upon .what.. he,,, bad spoken, but above all to" "searcn 'the Scriptures, and see if these things be true." 4 . 