HOPES FOR FRANCE. i From the Paris Correspondent of the True , Catholic . .How different are tjfto aspirations breaking forth ' from various hearts for the restoration and the elevation of this broad laud of promise ! The desires entertained by the Romish Catholics, and the foundations on which their hopes for the country rest, may be gathered from some of tho formularies now in vogue. The Sovereign Pontiff sends forth a form of prayer for the \ faithful in the present calamities of -the Church and nation, and one hundred days of in dulgence arc granted to all who "with piety and devotion " recite it. Tho burden of the prayer is,_ that the sons of the Holy Church may remain faithful to her doctrines, and reject with invincible constancy the deceptive maxims of . the world and tho skilful perfidy of the wise men. of the age, who seek to entangle the faithful in tho labyrinth of their errors. The month of June has been a time in which united Stayer has been presentod in the city and iocese of Paris for the divine blessing on the land. ThiB union of prayers, attended with an act of consecration to the Sacred Heart of Jesus, takes place on the happy return of the two hundredth anniversary of the appearance of our Lord to the blessed Marie Alacoque ; and the grand object of petition is, that He would spread through tho entire world this devotion to His very Holy and Divine Heart. Plenary , indulgence is secured for all who, after confes sion and communion, shall recite this prayer. The 29th of June is tho day set apart for the laying of the foundation of the great cathedral chnrch which France is uniting to build as a votivo offering. Tho lofty summit of tho far- famed Montmartro, which is the Areopagus or Mars' Hill of Paris, has been chosen for this structure, in which the faith, the hope, and the charity of tho land are to be embodied and per petuated. Three millions of the faithful and nearly two hundred bishops have prayed tho Pope to consecrate this Church of the Sacred Heart, althongh it is understood that their petition has not yet been successful. Ho lias, however, approved and blessed certain statues and pictures of "Our Lady of tho Sacred Heart " intended for public worship. Thus far, at least, tho " Holy Father " has united with tho two hundred bishops in giving all the sanction of their high office to the Alacoquist mania. Up to the present time, more than 2,000,000 francs (£S0,000) have been subscribed towards the ereetion of the great cathedral to be dedicated to the wonderful Sacred Heart, supposed to have been seen two centuries ago by the historic nun of Paray-le-Monial. It is1 reported that each of the eighty-three dioceses of France contributes to the Pope an 'average of 100,000 francs per annum.. This amounts to a total of £332,000 sterling from this country alone. J But we turn from these facts to the duly- authorized forms of prayer to be presented by the faithful for the salvation of the country. A few extracts will best give an idea of the hopes for this country which tho people are taught to cherish. Let us open tho "Litanies of the Saints of France," which contains an epitome of the lives of certain known and unknown famous, and some might deem infamous, persons en rolled in the calendar. After a brief invocation to . the Father, the Redeemer, and the Holy Ghost, the litany proceeds to the invocation of "Mary, Mother of God . . . Virgin of Virgins . . . Lady of Victories, Refuge Most Sure in War and Pestilence . . . Marvellous Virgin of Chartres, Lady of Salette . . ... Bright Dawn of Happier Days . . . Lady of Lourdes, Bearer of Hope and Pardon #. , . Lady of La Garde, Refuge against the Floods of Impiety . . . Lady of Bon Seconrs, whom none implores ih vain . . . Our Lady of Florence, who hast permitted this kingdom to be called thine own (Regnum Qaltice, regnum Maricc), pray for this unhappy land.", "St. Michael, archangel conqueror of Satan, and our glorious patron, pray," etc. ; ««St. Joseph, hope of causes most hopeless, pray," etc. Next the apostles of France are mentioned by name, with the cities connected with their memories, each of the twelve having been implored separately to intercede for the land. The whole are thus addressed: "Oall ye' apostles of the GaulB, to whom we owe the faith, pray for France!" Next come the martyrs and confessors of France, each of whom having been mentioned with some dis tinguishing fact or legend, the entire company is invoked. : " O all ye holy martyrs and con- fessors,' whosJ blood has been 'a seed of ' Christians,' pray for France !" Next in the list com. six-and-twenty prelates and popes. They are first invoked singly and then addressed in the mass ; "O all ye.holy bishops and pontiffs, of whom it may be truly said that you have made Franco Eldest Daughter of the Churcll, pray that God may restore to her her faith, her prosperity, and her glory. " Then follow sixteen female saints, one of whom called St. Marguerite Marie, is the far- famed devotee or lover of the Sacred Heart. After separate invocation, the entire company is addressed as "having been in our country the glory of the Church and the honour of their sex, and besought to pray for 'the future of France. A band of priests, abbots, ' hermits, etc., comes next in the long catalogue, each first distinguished by some note worthy characteristic of place or circumstance, and then called on in the lump, as "having borne so high in France the flag of holiness ana knowledge and honour," to intercede for the future of France. Through dreary pages follow ing other " children of the land," kings, queeus, and nobles, are invoked by name and descrip tion, and then are asked to look down from heaven in compassion on "the kingdom," and to intercede for the salvation of the country. The extraordinary document concludes with a touching prayer to God, who is implored by all these intercessors to take in His hands thej government of that France which he has so much loved, and to suffer no more His kingdom to be ravaged by enemies : "Be moved by our) repentance and our tears, and by the supplies j tion of our natural protectors, the «eamw of) France. Pity, O my God,, pity for France! Restore to her her lost prosperity, her vanished glory. Restore to her, before the eyes of the nations, all amazed at the greatness of thy com passion, her rank in the world and her glorious title of 'Eldest Daughter of the Church.' Amen." It is refreshing to turn away from these aspirations of the Romish devotee, and remem ber the small minority of True Catholics who are seeking the regeneration of the land, and whose hopes are built on a foundation altogether different. The Home Mission (Mission In- tdrieure) was a hopeful sign, but it has of late been receiving a living power, as Christians composing it, and otherB who had not joined jt also, have been awakened to renewed faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. Whilst Roman Catho- lies have been presenting unusual and united litanies to their saints, True Catholics have been bending, in unaccustomed numbers and unex ampled fervour, before the throne of God, and re-consecrating themselves to His service. At Nimes, Montmeyran,. Montauban, Mazamet, Marseilles, as well as in Paris, meetings of several days' continuance have been held. Another feature, is also hopeful. The masses, though they cannot be moved as of late in England, Scotland, and Ireland, are yet proved to be ready for the preaching of the Gospel of Christ. They will gather to hear " the old, old story " in France. Take but two examples. For some time past the daily evangelistic service near the Madeleine has gathered perhaps an average of a hundred a-day under the shadow of the Cross, though not of the crucifix. At the present moment the efforts with whieh the name of the Rev. R. W. M'All will ever be associated are successful in bringing under in struction scarcely less than a daily average of seven hundred persons, young and old. The stations now opened number fourteen, the rooms accommodating from one hundred and fifty to three hundred and fifty persons. Similar meet ings are spoken of as likely to be established in Borne of the larger towns of the country. Although, thus far, the labourers are few, the harvest is very great, and the fields are ripe. It has been proved that the people are willing to hear the Gospel simply and lovingly presented. In these efforts, small as they may be compara tively, and in the re- consecration of Christian men and women, we discern some hope for this fair land of France. The good Lord bless her, and that right early ! 