LAY REPRESENTATION IN WESLEY AN METHODISM. The following iB the plan for Annual and General Conferences, as finally settled:— "Whereas the Wesleyan Methodist Confe rences in Australasia have hitherto consisted of ministers only; and whereas it appears to be advisable to alter our constitution so far as to admit lay representatives as members of those courts, this General Conference agrees that our Annual and General Conferences shall behereafter composed of ministers and lay representatives, in accordance with the following plan. The General Conference, however, in adoping this action distinctly asserts its maintenance of the New Testament doctrine Jbhat the ministry derives its existence from Christ, and that upon Christian ministers, to whom is entrusted the duty of taking ' heed to all the Hock, over which the Holy Ghost hath made them overseers, to feed the Church of God,' devolved the solemn responsibility of enforcing godly discipline, and administering the pastoral government of the church. This principle the General Conference regards as essential to the scriptural fulfilment of the ministerial office, and so vital to the con stitution of Wesleyan Methodism that in the admission of laymen as members of our Confe rences it must be held to be sacred and inviol able." " ANNUAL CONFERENCES. " L Constitution.—The Annual Conferences shall comprise all the ministers within their respective boundaries, with an equal number of laymen. 1. The quarterly meeting of each Circuit shall be entitled to elect one lay repre sentative, who shall he elected by ballot at the quarterly meeting preceding the session of the Conference to which it pertains. 2. The Com mittee of each institution of the Connexion to which a minister is or may be set apart by. an A nnual Conference Ehallhave the right to elect from among themselves by ballot one lay repre sentative. 3. Should the number of laymen thus provided for be less than the number of ministers pertaining to any Annual Conference, additional laymen shall be elected by the quarterly meeting of the Circuit or Circuits which, according to the returns published by such Conference at its last session, contain the largest number of members. The Presidents of the several Annual Conferences shall give notice to the Circuit or Circuits which may be entitled to elect more than one lay representative. 4. The laymen eligible for election as representatives must be Church members of four years' con tinuous standing, and at the time of their election must be members in the Circuit by which they are or may be elected. "II.—Powers of the Annual Conference.—1. Each Annual Conference shall have full power, as the English Conference, with regard to the elec tion of its own President and Secretary; the division of districts, or alteration of their boun daries; the appointment of Chairmen of Districts; the exercise of discipline upon its ministerial" members and preachers on trial; the making of any of its ministerial members supernume raries; the reception of candidates for the ministry; the appointment of ministers and preachers on trial to the several Circuits; the carrying out all the directions of the General Conference relative to the changes and inter changes of ministers; in the intervals of the General Conference the Annual Conference shall effect such exchanges and by negotiation; the receiving and finally deciding upon appeals from the subordinate Courts of the Conference; the direction and control of those funds which have been heretofore known as District Funds; all other powers heretofore exercised by the Australasian Conference, except the powers of general legislation hereinafter set forth as per taining to the General Conference; the recom mending to the General Conference any measure which may be deemed conducive to the wel fare of the Connexion. 2. In the exercise of the aforesaid powers by the Annual Con ferences, the ministers alone shall elect the Presidents and Secretaries of their respective Conferences, and Chairmen of their several Districts; dispose of all matters comprised in the subjoined questions:—Who are now admitted as ministers into full connection with the Conference ? What preachers remain on trial ? What preachers are now received on trial? What students are to continue to have theological training ? What candi dates are now received for theological training ? Who are now admitted as native ministers? Who remain as native preachers on trial ? Who are received as native preachers on trial ? What ministers become supernumeraries ? What super numeraries return to the regular work ? What ministers have died since the last Conference ? Are there any objections to any of our ministers or preachers on trial '< What persons who were in full connection with the Conference have now ceased to be recognised as ministers among us ? How are our ministers and preachers on trial stationed for the ensuing year? 3. Determine all appeals affecting the status of our members as provided for in oar existing rules. 4\. For tbe purposes enumerated in section 2, the ministerial members of the Annual Conference shall meet alone during the first four days of the sessions of such Conference, and also at such other times as will not interfere with the general business of the Conference. 5. In the election of ministers and laymen as representa tives to the General Conference all the members of the General Conferences who are present shall be entitled to vote; the voting to be by ballot. 6. Who may attend, and what num ber shall form a quorum? — The Chairman of the districts ex officio; a representative elected by ballot at the district meeting, and such other ministers as may be appointed by, or obtain the permission of, their district meet ings to attend the Conference; together with the laymen elected as required in section headed 1 Constitution. The number of ministers and lay representatives who may actually attend the j Conference shall he deemed competent for the transaction of business; but the Conferenoe : shall have power, whenever it may be found necessary or proper, to determine how many of this number shall constitute a quorum. 7. When and where the Conference shall assemble.—Each Conference shall assemble annually, and shall have i power to fix the time and place, and to limit the duration of its sessions. 8. President and Secretary.—The President shall be a minister of not less than fifteen (15) years' standing, and the Secretary shall be a minister of not less than ten (10) years' standing. The voting in each case shall be by ballot. ,9. Who may vote for Conference officers.—All ministers in full con nection shall be entitled to vote for the President and Secretary. 10. Re-election to Presidency.— Each Annual Conference shall determine for itself the time which shall elapse before a minister shall be eligible for re-election to the office of President, provided always that no minister shall he eligible for election two succes sive years. 11, Funds of the Australasian Wes leyan Methodist Church.—The funds hitherto known as District Funds shall be under tbe management of the Annual Conferences. The funds known as Connexional Funds shall be under the direction of the General Conference, and the Presidents of the Annual Conferences shall sec that all the regulations relating to these funds are faithfully carried oat by and within the bounds of their respective Con ferences, "general conference. "L—Constitution.—The General Conference shall consist of—1. The Presidents and Secreta ries of the Annual Conferences for the time being. 2. One General Secretary of Foreign Missions. 3. One General Clerical Treasurer of each of the Connexional Funds. 4, One General Lay Treasurer of the Foreign Mission Society, 5\. One General Lay Treasurer of each Con nexional Fund, All the above shall be members ex officio. 6. Ministerial representative from each Annual Conference in the proportion for the present of one minister to every eight (8).mims terial members of such Conferenoe, provided that no Conference shall have less than two ministerial representatives in addition to its President and Secretary. 7. Lay representa tives from each Annual Conference, equal to the number of ministerial representatives, including the President and Secretary. All representa tives, both ministers and laymen, shall be elected by ballot <rf the AiasiiViMeriit^hxm amo^g theirownmembers. - ■-■-.j■'•(■•■ s>.\V - «'IL The General Conference shall haveno ■ power—1. To revoke, alter, or change any of ornv doctrines. as at present e6tablished,orto establish any new rule or doctrine conteucy ■ thereto. 2, To revoke , the general jrales_ofour societies. S. Ta mab «ieh ehaiy?e-m -par discipline -as to do sway with the itinerancy of - ourministry. 4. To doaway with the privilege of trial and appeal of our members or ministers, as at present existing. 5. To de away with the right of the ministers to admit or expel members, - subjectto such guards and regulations as our rules provide. 6. To do away with the right of the ministers to receive and ordain ministers, in cur Church, as our rules provide. "ILL Powers of the General Conference.-— Subject to the beforementioned restrictions, and with the proviso that so long as this Connexion remains in affiliation with the English Conference - the right of the said Buglish Conference, at its first annual session after the minutes of the Aus tralasian General Conference have been received, to disallow any law or regulation which, in its judgment, is incompatible with the doctrinal or disciplinary principles of Methodism, be in no way interfered with, the General Conference shall have power—1. To elect by ballot, on its assembling, from the members a minister of not: less than fifteen years' standing to preside over its proceedings; and in the intervals of the sessions of the General Conference to perform, such duties as the General Conference may direct. Provided, nevertheless, he Bhall not exercise a general superintendency, or any. powers which are conferred upon other officers of the Church. 2. To divide the Annual Con ferences, or alter their boundaries. 3.. To create new Conferences. 4. To alter the proportion in. which the Annual Conferences shall from time to time elect representatives to the General Con ference. 5- To make and direct the Annual Conferences to effect all necessary interchanges of ministers between the several Annual Con ferences. €. To appoint Committees and officers for the several connexional funds. 7. To review the proceedings of such. Committees, and sanc tion or disallow the same, 3. To arrange tha order in which the several Annual Conferences shall make provision for returned missionaries,; 9\. To direct any Annual Conference to reappoint to the full work any minister who may have been; made a supernumerary since the last General Conference. 1U. To disallow any of the regula tions of the Annual Conference which in its judgment infringes any of our constitutional principles. 11. And generally to legislate for, the Australasian Wedeyan Methodist Church. "IV. What number shall form a quorum? —The General Conference shall, on the first day of its session, determine the number of tha members of such Conference to form a quorum.. "V. General Conference Meeting.—Tha General Conference shall meet once in three years, and shall have power to fix the date and. place of its sessions." The following memorial was received by tha Australasian Wesleyan Methodist General Con ference, and remitted to the Revs. J. S. Waugti and W. A Quick to frame a reply:— " Ballarat, May 27,1.875* "To the President of the Wesleyan General Conference, Melbourne. "Honoured 8ir—We most respectfully for ward you the enclosed memorial, and sincerely hope you will eive it a favourable consideration. The 75 signatures attached are those oi such gentlemen as could be easily seen during tha latter part of to-day, and include nine local preachers, twenty-three class-leaders and past and present officers. The greatest _ eagernes3 to sign is observable on every side; indeed, wa are sure eight-tenths of our people here would readily subscribe to the terms of the memorial.— We have the honour to be, honoured Sir, yours obediently, " Jakes Russell, Chairman. " William Little, Secretary. " Ballarat, May 27,1875 " To the Reverend President and members of the Wesleyan Methodist General Conference of Australasia, assembled in session in Wesley Church, Lonsdale-street, Melbourne. " Honoured Sir and Brethren—We the under signed, office-bearers, members, and adherents ot the Wesleyan Society in Ballarat, respectfully address you on tho subject of lay representation in Conference, and in doing so are wishful to ex press our loyalty and attachment to our Church*' and further to assure you that our ^present action* in protesting against the too restrictive character of your recent legislation,results from a desire te ■ advance the real welfare of the Church, and to promote that cordiality which should exist among' J all her various agencies. _ _ * " We are deeply impressed with the importance of having the new constitution, which is to be given Wesleyan Methodism in Australasia, ah once sufficiently liberal and acceptable to tha - Church that further agitation may be prevented* and peace and harmony secured. Conference* while admitting the principle of lay delegation*. has so limited its operation as will make tha scheme distasteful to the laity, and to a great ex tent inoperative in practice and baneful in result. "From unofficial information we are led to understand that laymen are to be_ excluded from* Conference while the business, arising out of tire following auestions, is transacted, viz.:— ♦« 1. The election of President, Secretaries, and Chairmen of Committees. " 2. The status of members. " 3. The stationing of ministers. " 4. The first thirteen questions of Conference of 1873. . , a , " Also, that the public Prese is excluded. "We respectfully, but firmly, submit that ministers and lay representatives shouldhave co ordinate powers throughout the entire business • of Conference. This we sincerely believe to ba both our scriptural and reasonable right. " Further, we contend it is very impolitic to exclude the Press ; and thus leave vast numbers of our people, as well as the public, in entire ignorance of the transactions of Conference. " We would therefore respectfully ask you te favourably entertain our protest, and reconsider the decisions you have arrived at «' in conclusion, permit us again to assure yoa of our fidelity to the cause, and our desire to advance the temporal and spiritual interests of our Church, in which many of us have so long laboured, and in which we hope still to work with increased zeal in promoting the extension of Christ's Kingdom.—We have the honour to be*, honoured Sir and brethren, yours obediently, " James Russell, Mayor of Ballarat Bast. " James Oddie Richabd Tbegaskis J. T. Phillips William; Little W. T. Dimsey Richabd Kekt Thomas Tatlob Edwin C turns Alfred Yates James Long David Ham John Little J. S. Kelly Chas. Salter Henry Bell Thomas Rogers, " And 58 other gentlemen." 