BRITISH & FOREIGN BIBLE SOCIETY Annual Meeting of the Stuathalbyn Buanch. Tlie annual meeting of the Strathalbyn Branch of the British and Foreign Bible Society was held on Monday evening last in the Primitive Methodist Chapel. The chair was occupied by M. Rsnkine, Esq., J.P. (President of the local branch), and he was supported by the Rev. 3. H. Williams (Primitive Methodist), Rev. J. F. Henderson (Presbyterian), and the Rev. James Henderson, of Adelaide, who attended as a deputation. An apology was made for the absence of the Rev. A. Stubbs, who was engaged in Adelaide. The attendance was very en couraging, the chapel being well filled. After a hymn had been sung, and prayer offered by the Rev. J. F. Henderson, The Chairman said they had met once again to hear the report of the local officers as to what had been done for the Society during the past year. He was forry to say it had not been a prosperous year financially, and they were not consequently in a position to forward to the Parent Society their usual full donation of £50. He could not attribute the falling off to any lack of effort on the part of tbe lady collectors; indeed, with the diminished population, their labours had rather increased to make up even the amount they had collected. He was in hopes, however, of better success dui-inrr the enmino year Mr. Henry Bonnar, the Hon. Secretary, then read the Report, as follows : — ' Your Committee, in submitting a hricf Report for the past year, feel called- upon to acknowledge with deep thankfulness the gracious dealings of God's providence in the success attending their work. ' Your Committee have felt considerable anxiety regarding the funds of the branch, and they regret to state that the subscriptions fall below those of previous years, which cau only be accounted for by numbers of subscribers having left the district. *' Some time ago circulars soliciting sabscriptions were addressed to a number of gentlemen residing beyond the range of the collectors, but your Com mittee are sorry to say that those calls have not been responded to as they couid wish. ' Mr. H-rne, Bible S-Ksiety's Depositary, reports having sold Bibles and Testaments to the amount of £S 15s. Sd. ** Your Committee have to tender their sincere and hearty thanks to the ladv collectors for their uutiriug efforts in the Bible Society's cause, as weff as to the contributors who steadily continue to manifest nractical interest in the onp.raf.ions of this branch. ' Your Committee hope to be able to transmit a free donation of £35 to the Parent Society.' The following are the sums collected by the lady collectors : — £ s. d. Miss Cberi-on ? 3 11 9 Miss McCalimn .. ? 0 4 6 Miss Richardson. ... ... ... 2 7 6 Mrs. Thomas ? 5 7 0 Miss Stephens ? 12 1 10 Miss Watt ? 0 16 0 Miss Scott ? 6 17 0 Donation —J. MeCord, Esq ? 10 0 Collection at annual meetiug ... 2 9 5 Total ? £34 15 0 The Rev. J. F. Henderson then moved the adoption of the Report. With the Chairman, he regretted that the usual amount of subscriptions had not been reached, but there was much cause for gratitude. He sympathised with the lady collectors verv much, for theirs was indeed a labour of love, and not at all times the most agreeable of tasks. The Rev. James Henderson seconded. He had much pleasure in- meeting tueta on the present occasion, and sympathished with them very much in the difficulties they had had to con tend with during the past year : but he thought they need not be discouraged. The large atten dance and evident interest manifested on the present occasion in tbe Society's doings augured well tor a more prosperous year to come ; and he trusted they would all feel that there was a louder call for increased exertion, the benefits of which would not only accrue to those for whom they were working, but among themselves also. The Society's work was threefold — first, to give the Bible to every man, woman, and child on the face of the globle ; second, to give the same pure, unod'ilte'ated, and free from the admixture of human comment ; and third, to s^ek the aid and assistance of all Christian denominations in the attainment of the work. These were noble principles, and tke Society's influence was felt at the present moment all over the world. It was the great fountaiu head ol all missionary work, and theirs was the glorious privilege of supplying the Bible to millions to whom ' the old, old storv' was new. Speaking generally, he had no doubt next year would prove remarkably encouraging. All over the colony the interest was reviving, and he felt sure that the past year's experience would do good in Strathaibyn, and next year's operations be marked by considerably more success. (Cheers.) The amalgamated choirs, under the leadership Mr. W. H. Harris, sang 'Before Jehovah's Awful Throne,' Mrs. Harris presiding at the harmonium. Mr. J. Chebxton, jun., then proposed that the following be the office-hearers for the ensuing year, viz. : — President, M. Kankine, Esq., J.P. ? Treasurer, Mr. T. Stephens ; Secretary, Mr. John McFarlane ; Depositary, Mr. F- Hone j Committee — Messrs. J. Cheriton, H. Water?, Joseph Elliott, J. Fleming. D. Bell, W. H. Harris, D. Stoddart, and H. Bonnar. The Rev. J. H. Williams seconded. With previous speakers, he regretted the falling off in the subscriptions, but trusted the coming year would be found to be one of great prosper ty. Carried. Mr. J. McFahi-ane moved a hearty vote of thanks to the lady collectors who had so nobly carried on the work during the past year. They had no doubt numberless difficulties, but he wished them better success next year. Carried by acclamation. The choir then sang ' We praise thee, O God.' The Rev. Jas. Henderson then gave his second lecture on ?' Dr. Livingstone,** commenc ing- from his second departure to Africa. The rev. gentleman having given a brief outline of his precious lecture, proceeded to compare the the first wish the second departure of lie great explorer — then he left England obscure and un known, only a few friends and weeping relatives were there to see him off and bid him farewell ; now the whole world looked on, and Livingstone left his native land loaded vrith honors. Living stone had come home from Africa with two great impressions on his mind, and this time he was resolved to prove one, the greatest — the existence a large inland lake. Rumours had reached him that it did exist, and he was resolved to prove taeir correctness. The idea was to him not at all improbable, and almost confirmed by the discovery of a river which at certain points appeared to flow in contrary directions ; and Livingstone left England firmly resolved to discover the truth of his ideas. On reaching Africa, some time was spent in exploring the mouths of the River Zambesi ; and then the expedition proceeded up the river for many a mile, and at length steamed up the S -yr*», 'one of the Zambesi's tribu taries. Tbe rev. gentleman explained that the scenery along the banks of this beautiful river was Jaost varied and charming, and viewed then for the first time by European eyes. All alon^ its banks the country was densely populated. Thousands of natives looked on at the steamer as she proceeded on up the river in astouishinent — aye, consternation — the sight was so new to them. Towns and villages were scattered all along the river side ; and the natives were very industrious— business, commerce was even there engaged in, in the very heart of Africa. The lecturer then proceeded to apeak of the wonderful power Livingstone seemed to possess over the natives even when most hostile preparations were exhibited. The great doctor would go single handed into their midst, ask for the chief, con verse with him, and if he did not, as was mostly the case, make a friend of him, he rendered him passive, and the explorer proceeded on his way unmolested. The rumours of inland water be coming again circulated, Livingstone resolved to anchor their vessel and strike inland ; and with four while servants and 36 faithful natives, he left tbe steamer. The lecturer depicted the great difficulties they experienced as they proceeded where the foot of no European had ever before trod ; the dangers with which they were sur roundej; the almost despair of Livingstone on hearing the rumours that had reached him being strongly denied hy the chief of a town they had reached after two months' travel. This well-nigh ended his career, but a slight incident was the means of raising his sinking spirits ; he heard of nign towering roclrs, not many mues uikihui, anu Tesolved to see them. The chief tried to con vince him that nothing could be seen from them, but finding him resolved, confessed that on the other side of the rocks lay a lake. Livingstone's joy at hearing this was almost unbounded. They proceeded at once, and after four hours' journey what a scene was presented to their enraptured gaze ! There, right in front of them, close to them, lay a noble sheet of water — Lake Niassa — 200 mile's long and over 90 wide. In the distance they beheld the mighty Shyre winding its course through the most beautiful scenery. The shore of the lake was densely populated ; towns of no inconsiderable size lay along the shore. The natives were busily engaged in commerce carried on among themselves ; and Livingstone was led to ask himself why might not European vessels steam up here and exchange their commodities for those of the natives ? and with this question to be answered, he returned to the steamer. The rpturn journey was fraught with many more difficulties and dangers than the one they had come — famine, fever, poison— all assailed them ; and when at length they reached an eminence, from which they could see their vessel gently reposing on the peaceful Shyre, little did they think that ever more they would tread its deck. They lay there for days, unable to help them selves, dying. At length Livingstone, with all the strength he could muster, climed up a higher hill and raised a signal. It was seen, and soon help came, and their strength was recruited, and they were once more ou board and steaming for home. The explorer reached England safely, and was, as before, loaded with honours and dis tinctions, and everywhere feted The rev. lecturer then briefly alluded to his third depar ture for Africa, but as he has promised to con clude this series on some future occasion, we need not at present further refer to it. The lecture wa9 altogether a most interesting and instructive one, and at its close the rev. gentleman was heartily applauded. The Rev. J. H. Williams then moved a hearty vote of thanks to the Rev. J. Henderson, who had added so considerably to the interest of the meeting - first by his excellent address, and then by his interesting lecture. Carried. After the rev. gentleman had returned his thanks, the choir sang another piece — ' How Beautiful upon the Mountains'' — very nicely. The Rev. J. H. Wiixiams moved a vote of thanks to the amalgamated choir?, who, under Mr. Harris, had rendered such excelleat music. This being carried, Mr. W. H. Harris thanked the meeting for the compliment, and remarked that no doubt the members or the choirs would be glad at any future time again to render similar assistance. A vote of thanks to the Chairman, and the Benediction closed a most ihteresting and satis factory meeting. On the 2nd of August a dinner was given at Sydney by the Telegraph Department to Mr. Charles Winter, who has rendered important service to New South Wales in ; connection with the introduction of automatic telegraphy into that colony. The system has proved a perfect success, and Mr. Winter is returning to England by the St. Osyth to resume his professional duties. At the dinner, Mr. Burns, the Post master-General of New South Wales, gave the following statistics : — ' It was about twenty years since telegraphs -were first introduced in the colonies, and since then no less than ^8,124 tuiles of telegraph li^es had been constructed, at a cost of £1,064,901, and about 4,000 miles of wire were in course of construction at the present time. At present New South Wa es possessed 8,000 miles of wire, 180 station?, and 370 instru ments, at a cost of £268,302 ; Queensland had 4,891 miles of wire, 90 stations, and 180 instru ments, at a cost of £223,239; Victoria had 5,600 miles of wire, 155 stations, and 450 instruments, which had cost £370,000; South Australia had 3,000 miles of wire, 103 stations, and 166 instru ments, which had cost £540,000 ; Tasmania had 551 miles of wire, 43 stations, and 49 instru ments, at a cost of £13,175; New Zealand had 5,182 miles of wire, 106 stations, and 250 instru ments, at a cost of £294,594. Victoria had in its service 430 officers ; New South Wales, 379 ; New Zealand, 367 5 South Australia, 302; Queensland, 201 ; and Tasmania, 53. New South Wales was the first of the automatic system, by which messages could be transmitted at the astonishing rate of 120 words per minute, and which the department had recently done in the course of business with perfect ease.' The following story is related by the Ballarat correspondent of the Pleasant Creek News: — ' About 18 months ago, a resident of this dis trict, wiio boasted, and, I believe, truthfully, of the fact of the blue blood of an old family cours ing through his veins, married, and left to settle elsewhere. At the time the ceremony was performed the gentleman in question attracted just that small amount of notice usually accorded by the world to one who sometimes can afford threepenny- worth of beer for his Sunday's dinner, but more frequently cannot. However, a few friends did assemble together, and wish all hap piness to the newly-wedded pair, who shortly slipped away from us unperceived, and not missed. When I state the wife (a stranger here abouts) was as poor &s; tbe man she knelt beside at the altar, I shall have syid all that need be said concerning a marriage of which few were aware, and about which as many cared. Hard work in another colony was to the couple the only reward fnat seemed likely to mark the fulfilment of a long and affectionate engagement. Neither bad to their knowledge kith or kin on the face of the earth, so placed strong reliance in each other when they plighted their troth. Now mark what th* whirligig of time brought. In April last the husband was ' wanted,' not by the police, but by a firm of solicitors, who then p;ac*?d him in possession of river-side property in London, the rent-roll of which means a little over £13,000 annually. He had kin, but so- far removed as to be quite unknown to him. The mail which reached Sydney last told of further favours iu store for the fortunate couple. The wife had surce^ded, not to a title, but to what is better, £34,000, bequeathed to her by a natural brother, of whose existence she was doubtful, and of whose whereabouts, aud — as events have -ioved— riches she had not the ghost of an idea.' 