DIOCESE OF TASMANIA. ] The f ollowmgremarkable and suggestive letter appeared in the Church j News for May 1 : — ' United Prayer jor Revival of Real Spiri- ' E tual Religion Amongst Us.— To the Editor of the CtovrchNpivsi: A — My deai; Sir,— I think it must have come home personally, and it I may be painfully, to many of your readers, that the one great want I amongst us is, the deepening of the inner spiritual life in the hearts! | of both the clergy, and the lay-members of the church. W^ feel' | that as life passes by so swiftly, and inevitably, fraught as it is with. | .such tremendous, and eternal issues, we do not, progress in divine | jthings. r ; We feel that' but , a very feeble warf are is being waged with . vice, and ignorance, and irribelief . ?,'VV'e cannot but. be conscious that the,. church ,s influence, over the- great number of her people amounts to but a very tHin veneer, whereas it ought to go to the very founda- ' ,tiqns:,of,;theiiv:^ believe, that at the root, of: all bur difficulties— such '.as the want of success in getting funds, or coldness in, taking up missionary work — lies the same, radical fault, viz., the want of deep earnest spirituality. In a scat tered colonial diocese it is very hard to see how steps can be taken I to meet this want. Our clergy are, as a rule, so far away from one | another, that it is hard for them to meet for mutual advice and I sympathy with regard to the things that concern their peace. Very I few and far between also are the opportunities set before our people 1 for obtaining those special spiritual privileges which other lands I possess. Thus it comes to pass that too often religion has be- 1 come the mere performance or observance of a few formal cere monies ; and we must not wonder if people cannot be got to. feel an enthusiastic desire to sacrifice self for the support of such lifeless rites. I earnestly trust, dear sir, that none of my brethren in the sacred ministry who are much older and far wiser than I am will think me presumptuous in speaking thus. More and more I feel that the burden of the pastoral office is so awful in its nature that it would crush one down if one were not to take every means for cherishing in one's heart the spiritual life, and learning more of that 'higher Christian life,' of which, in one shape or other, earnest men are speaking, and for which they are longing throughout Christen dom. I write thus, then, because I feel how far short I myself come of this 'higher life,' and because I Avant to be helped to enter upon it. I write also because I know that there are many others who share my longings in this matter. Surely when we pastors, Sunday-school teachers, church-workers, communicants, think what it will be to I stand before the awful bar of God, to give an account of our steward- I ship, we cannot be content to go on as we are. We, especially we §j pastors, must, if we would be safe, endeavour to ' go on unto perfec- i tion.' In this matter I have no new scheme, no new theory, to sett 1 before those who feel with me. The work of deepening the spiritual I life amongst us must be the work of the Holy Ghost ; and without i earnest, united, and persevering prayer, we have no right to expect |j any special outpouring of His sevenfold gifts. My proposal, then, is If simply this — that some of us, both clergy and laity, should agree If together to spend a certain portion of every day in earnest prayer if for revival of spiritual religion amongst us. It 'would be §j well, I think, that this time of special prayer should be the f§ same for us all. Some would, also like perhaps to have a fixed form of m prayer provided. for. them, not that their pleadings need be tied down §1 to such a form, but that it may be a guide to them, and that they fl may be comforted to know that many others are using the same B words. I shall be very glad to hear from, any who may feel called by gi God to take part in such a scheme of united prayer. It would be « well if, in writing, they would make suggestions as to the best ' hour B of prayer' to be fixed upon. We might expect some wonderfully « gracious answers to such prayers— some wonderfully convincing H proofs that prayer is heard, and that our holy faith is true. Perhaps m it might please God to give the clergy opportunities for meeting §1 together for short seasons of retirement and conference. Perhaps it ffl might be His will to open the way for those wondrous seasons of ffl religious revival called ' Missions'— seasons which have been so M abundantly blessed in England and in the neighbouring colonies. H But the results we may safely leave in His hands. It is ours to pray; M it is His to answer prayer in the best way possible. The present is a B glorious season for such prayers. We can be sure that they would, be H pleasing in His sight, who, as at this time, ascended to His throne of majesty, that He might fulfil His priestly office and send down the promised gifts of the Holy Ghost. God grant that there may be a Pentecost for His waiting and thirsting Church in this land, for indeed we sorely need it. — I remain, dear sir, your faithful servant in Christ, H. B. Bromby. St. David's Cathedral, Feast of SS. Philip and James, 1875.' Diocesan Synod. — The Synod met on Tuesday, March 30th, and continued in session for five days. The work done was of consider able importance to the welfare of the diocese, but has no further affected the interests of the church at large. , 