DOUBLE EXECUTION AT PARIS. The double execution ot Moreau mid Boudas had been so often announced as imminent, aiid the crowd had been so often disappointed, that lhere were fewer people present out on the Place de la Roquette on Tuesday morning than might have been expected. A detachment of 150 men of the Garde de Paris arrived on the Place at three o'clock in the morning. Soon after, a cort, with the framework of the guillotine and M. Roch, the executioner, accompanied by his two assistants, appeared. The Garde de Paris formed three sides oí' a square round the fatal instrument, and the crowd was thus prevented from approaching, and tho ligures of M. Roch and his assistants could only be dimly distinguished Hitting about in their ghost-like white blouses. As piece by piece they erected the guillotine, nota word was to be heard. When all was completed M. Roch was seen to make a careful inspection of the guillotine by the light of Ea hand lantern. This done, he caused tho knife to fall two or three times in order to assuro hi ii self that everything was in good working order. Then the executioner, accompanied by M. Claude, tho head of the detective department, and Abb« Crozes, the chaplain of tho prison, proceeded to Moreau's, the wife-poisoner's cell, to inform the doomed man that his last lu ur had come. Moreau was sleeping calmly when the fatal cortege. entered his cell. He received the terrible announcement very quietly, and when asked by the Commissary of Police whether he had any statement to make, he merely replied that he was innocent. He was left alone with the priest for five or six minutes, and then the horrible operation known as the " toilette" began. This consists in cutting away the hair from the back of the pri soner's head and neck, as well as part of the upper garments, in order that the knife rany have free play. During this operation Morean did not utter a single word. . Only when his legs were being fhackled, he remarked, " vurelyjthis is useless." At a quarter to 6 the prison gates opened, and Moreau appeared in the presence of the crowd, He seemed to walk very steadily, with head erect, and with unfaltering steps. His extraordinary paleness was much re marked. When he reached the guillotine, he looked round at the crowd, and exclaimed, " Messieurs, I die innocent." These words were distinctly heard all over the Place de la Roquette. The next moment M. Roch seized Moreau. pushed him forward on to the plank, the knife fell, and all was over. The moment Moreau's head and body had fallen into the basket of sawdust prepared for them, M. Roch's assistants set to work to wash the guillotine of the blood with which it was stained, in order that the next sufferer might not see that an execution had already taken place. Whilst Moreau was being led to death, Boudas was being preparadjfor execution. When his cell was entered by M. Claude and the executioner?, he was found^wide awake, talking eagerly with the warders, as he had been awoke by the noise in Moreau's cell, and was in a state of the most intense anxiety, still hoping apparently to be reprieved. On being told that he was to die, he replied, " Here 1 am am ready." He then protested his innocence, and declared that his exe cution wa« a crime against justice. He walked quietly, though hardly so steady as Moreau, but without support, to the guillotine. There he kissed the accompanying priest, and handed him self over to the executioner without uttering a word. M. Roch was by no moans adroit in placing the unfortunate Boudas on the plank, ns he had to readjust him during a space of several seconds, which seemed horribly long to the bystanders. At last the knife fell, and the second criminal's head dropped into the basket. There was only ten minutes, interval between th« two executions. 