local Intelligence. ROMAN CATHOLIC. On Saturday, 22nd inst., his Lordship Dr. Lanigan (Bishop of Goulbum) arrived in Grenfell accompanied by the Rev. Father Finnigan. On Sunday, II a.m., mass was cele brated by the Rev. D. O'Dwyer, at which his Lordship preached to a large congregation. His sermon was on the gospel of the day — Matt, xxvm, 18 20 v. 'At that time, Jesus said to II io MIOKIJ.H.O . Jiuwci 13 given iu uie in heaven and in earth, therefore, teach all nations : Baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of ihe Holy Ghost. Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you : and behold, I am with you all days, even to the con summation of the world.' From the command, and the promise contained in this text, his Lordship showed how the Apostles and their successors ful filled the first by the multitudes brought into the true fold by their teaching ; and how the church, having overcome the futile efforts of the world to bring it under subjection verifies at tbe pre sent day the promise of our Divine Saviour — ' Behold, I am with you all days, even to the consummation of the world.' Tho sermon was very in structive, and calculated to effect much good amongst all who were present on the occasion. On Monday, the Bishop, accompa nied by the Revs. Father Finnigan and O'Dwyer, proceeded to the new ceme tery, where a great number of people awaited their arrival. Tbe cemetery is in the form of a parallelogram, and beautifully situated about a mile from the town A cross stood in the contre, and four other crosses were placed one ~J. ? 1. iL- t ! ? ? ? ! iu l'uuu aiuc, au uiuu uuu uve crosses. taken as a whole formed one. At the foot of each cross were three torches. The Bishop, in full pontifical dress, accompanied by the priests and pre ceded by two' assistants bearing a cross or.rl U,, ov.rl i,„ — ..UIJ ..UVA idl- ing lighted candles, walked round the cemetery reciting psalms and sprinkling the holy water. They then proceeded to the centre cross, where tbe litanies were recited and the three torches ele vated on the arms of the cross. At each of the other crosses certain prayers were recit-jd, and tbe torches elevated in a similar manner. After the procession re uuuit;u l--j uiu ut;iii/ru uiuss sum lUb benediction pronounced, the Bishop ad dressed the people, explaining to them the nature of the ceremonies which bad been just gone through, and how the Catholic Cburch takes care of her children not only wl en they are living members of it, but even when their souls have fled to the triumphant church in heaven she provides that their mortal remains be laid in hallowed earth, where they are to remain. until tho mighty trumpet is heard calling the dead to arise and come to judgment. The cross which they saw before them was the standard of the Christian religion ; and as a temporal power, when it takes possession of a territory, plants its standard, so the Catholic Church placed its standard, the cross, upon this portion of land, and marked it as be longing to it, dedicating it for ever as a place where its members should rest when struck down by the hand of death. The torches which they saw elevated on the cross were the emblems of faith. ' That was the true light which en Hghteneth every man that cometh into the world.' (St. John, I c., 9 v.) All seemed to be affected very much when his Lordship reminded them that some present may rest within those grounds blessed to-day, and that, therefore, if they hoped to rise glorious when the last trumpet should sound, they should lead lives conformablo to the teachings of that church of which tliey were members. Ho also reminded them there was one small poition markal off which was excluded from tho blessing that day, and which was intended for the burial-plaee of those who com mitted suicide, and for those members of tbe church who refuse to comply with its laws and are deprived of Christian buriul when thr-y die. On Tuesday his Lordship conferred confirmation on a number of adults and children. A large assemblage of people were present on tho occasion. His Lordship exhorted thoso present, and more especially those confirmed, to repentance and a firm adhesion to the true faith. On the same day tho Bishop returned to Young, whence he proceeds to Wombat to open. the new Church of St. Columbanus. 