iiheslcrma' general confer- eni'e. At yesterday's fittings of the'Wesleyan Gene ral Conference, President Wilkinson, of tho New South Wales Annual Conference, presided. After the journal had been road, tho confer- ence, iu committee of tho whole, proceeded with the consideration of the lay representation in the couftm.cc. Tho llev. .T. S. Waugh held that, beforo proceeding further, it was dcsirnblo that tliey shouid placo upon record their views as to tlio cx'ieut to which they con til admit the participation of layuicn in tho government ot tho church. While anxious to plaoe laymen in possession of all that they could claim scripturally, yet there were matters which must be reserved for the ministers alone. In national government it was tho right of men to hold what opinion they pleased us to tho best form, whether it was a monarchy or a republic ; hut the government of the Christian Church could not l>o republican, but was essentially for Christ was king over his people. After further remarks, ho moved i — " Whereas it appears to be advisable to alter the consti tution of our church, so as to admit cf lay repre sentatives as members of tlio Wcsloyan Metho dist conferences in Australasia : ntid where as those- courts havo hitherto consisted of ministers only, this general con ference agrees that our annual nnd general confer ences shall ho hereafter composed of minis ters and lay representatives, io accordance with the following plan. The general conference, however, in adopting this plan, distinctly assorts its maintenance of tho New Testament doctrine, that tho rainistiy dci ives its existence from Christ, and that upon Chi istian ministers, to whom is entrusted the duty of taking hoed to nil the flock oTer which tho Holy Ghost hath made them overseers, to feed the church of God, de volves the solemn responsibility of enforcing godly discipline, and administering tlio govern ment of the church. This principle the genera! conference regards as being essential to tho scriptural fulfilment of the ministerial office, and so vital to the constitution of Wcsloyan Method ism that In the admission of laymen as members of our conforenco it must he held to ho sacred and inviolable."- Tlio motion was seconded by the Rev. C. Rigg. Au animated and lengthened discussion en s-Jed, and several members of the conference expressed their dissent from tho resolution, as io their opinion it savored of tho assertion of sacer dotalism. Others urged that, if needed nt all, the motion should havo been brought forward at the outlet, when tho subject of lay representa tion had been first broached, orelso its considera tion should be postponed until the whole scheme had boon considered. The Rev. 1". Bcdme moved that further dis cussion on tbo motion bo postponed until the remainder of the recommendations from tbo an nual conferences on lay representation had been dealt with. Tho Rev, W. L. Bisks seconded, and after farther discussion the amendment was nega tived, A further amendment wns proposed by the Rev, W. 1\ Wells, to remit tlio motion of Mr. Waugh to the No. 1 committee, to amend tho phraseology thereof, if necessary. After con siderable debate the amendment was carried, and tbe conference adjourned for two hours. In tbo afternoon sitting, President Bickford, as chairman of the No. 1 committee, brought up their report upon the resolution of Mr. Waugh, relating to tho scriptural authority and in tegrity of the pastoral office in the Christian church, to the effect that the committee recom mended that in tbo t hirtecntli line from the top the word "pastoral " lie placed before " govern ment, " but the coinmilteu recommcmlod that nn other alteration or amendoiit be made. The question was put without farther debate, and carried ; and the resolution was also agreed to by a considerable majority. Tho committee then proceeded with the con sideration of farther recommendations on lay representation, nnd it was resolved i — " 2. The committee of each institution of the connexion, to which a minister iB set apart by tho confe rence slmll havo tho right to elect one lay representative ;" also, "3. There shall he reserved to bo dealt with by tho ministers alone, 1st, the election of president and secretary and chair man of districts ; 2nd, all the matters comprised in tliu first thirteen questions of tho coufereuce of 1873." The conforenco then adjourned until next day. 