WE hbae been, repeatedly spoken to by in dignant remonstrants on the subject of Bir Manrcg O'COx?Eat's conduetat th~i'Of I iELL centenary meetiug. He is eProtesiet'a gritleman. He has on three' a versal `-:" sions represented his Sovereign inm?Qe ?5 land. He is a soldier-and therefor.)ifl-, stands subordination ;- he is a n .of middle age and is presumably acquainted with social and civic obligations. He presides ovbr what ought to he regarded as the most dignified body in the State and must therefore be au faitAs; matters of etiquette. Yet be drank the health of his Holiness the PoPE before the health of Vrcroato was proposed. "Into doing we-say advisedly that as a'Protestant he insulted his Church, as a formerly. trletad servant of the Crown he failed inagratitnae and duty, as a gentleman he proved disre spectful to his ,Royal Mistreas.' Well; we saw that he was fiercely enough asailedjby others; we set hislacdes down toc irele vness or condonable indiscretion, and notwithetand ing his remarkably puling defence in the "Dukery," we held our peace. But the preg nant remark of our able contemporary the Telegraph that not entil the appearance of the Roman Catholic prelate in the Upper House did the President so strenuously and so un becomingly eaerk himself (with a success fatal to his future career of influence) to defeat the most important and the most popular inmea sure that was ever debated within the walls of our Parliamentary Building,-this reiomik is of such gave significance that wefeelbonnd to keep silence no longer. It is-too evident that Sir M&uaxCE;, " who at any moment may be called upon to occupy the highest position in thi country, and onef or which the strictest impartiality between the various religious bodies is an indispensable condition," has of late "ostentatiously paraded his subservience to-the head of the Roman catholic LChuneD ? :Let us not be mieunderetbodi: ?? ? O'Qu•mn and his co.eligio?ete ? in '4h o*t~ pls ae bees lately acting Swe not credit them with this .?st accoid them respect for tT0 td4Ve Ia.S IKay. if Sir MAUsIcE . ?O'Výo - 1Lwere mnot in his present public p toAai, tar from os would be the wish to 'edie `hii Pfor enforcing his opinions, bow i'asnshji?toev?r we might deem them .to be. 'e ? . e . i"itidaii ent could a fair man feel o.iejnstlftd in condemning Mr. TuaoP-. . e rp asr. Gaýºax, M~r. RBoxs, and k otb01rotestants who conscientionely believe s,:-'. tn insatinalism, end who pertinaciously ,n aii ed vi? e si pti forth their views in Par ist iii.' 1{o these it were permissible to t-iS lvesWof every form of the,House" b~ th? obstruction of a National Eduea ,t` biit it1ib otherwise with our nominee :'T cannot with impunity indulge I5 e private member, and the Su iitut the measore, the more flagrant S:"ciu esdecin employing undue means to .eb. ft. 4.': `this recent caseahis clear duty Su.~ib'sItbel':te "ib farther after having ex p d> optipo,,uespecially as altogether eice .ei smatanees surrounded the ' eme~anre proposed. 4 to his "mistake" at the 11nnb? i9,ii'` e uld say but a few words. When" thhbehpsfHRis Holiness the POPE" &sr; a wsetia sUelightin which the PoNT,"e iswa'tdedP? 'Is it as the spiritual vicar of S, the' srepueentative of Christ upon the e6ittbR' "If shedb bdtbp case we denounce the p ites ,ýýpeoltutq our instinctive rever e 'etowar~ds the.OanRnonL Even in the wildest daysf the old French revolution a ý ig- proposed at a banquet the \- fieie"' (meintioning .the GREAE pa ne), narrowly escaped rough ag.orha coarse irreverence. Is 'it as po monarch that the Pore is toasted ? not be''t the present day, bliteven o~adUs Illoweipr still believe'him de jure e6irpi?' of the Papal .States, on what ma een Ba ritish loyalist give precedency' ig'eirgna;bteutate over his Sovereign; on 1 a·wnoi-?pn T. hose who regard such p pIot'tat are ill-advised. The t f the Rom'ih Church is "The teyer"and .how,feArful was the state peheakingsseubmitted'to its power ! b pahape, o ghost of a shape, ashnld a .A e be deemied inferior to an eecle .pt (J:atlholic; then an English i? the otto at present--a motto aiosew ttempt' to explain Q'way; but naelutde avast amount of 'm'aning. ' c IL aid 'Jo r, "surrobrided by S.Pprwrbippera, ,w'e forced to o ? U,?Engl?a beneath the Sfoot was not this a fitting motto ? i. stroni" eDmpbesi.d d' eneatness Sot miu t rligious with t a' a? ef.rm Ifoman Catholice h'ith clesr consciences place Pius the Mo nre_; , eand' etain a due ?'f0Y .'to.be .' latter (which is, ~ theoftist thilr 'of tuhe age), i a a so. do:. :'he;greateet tory the ercest and most deso h:ja 4 i from what thought-' ,callB; a w 1 bich is un t hifi tafist anD t ihysicist. It s ~ i'v'oid wibat is wrong, it is ? to avoid the appearance 'Wes considgthat ir MaunrcE was ? nty in the-Srsat instance, eomscously, of' a serious error, Ssea ,,till more seribus aspect Sat'fiin .connection.with his d1e S :ia ts 'e"Upper House last .?srsday aigrs, lunthbe ,above we have read the P7 :.,'bt 1'esdty the ,th. The 'President i ? .ugheocompulsory clause is reportcl '*i't .rls ' delivere~ lhimmel :-"Wbhat is ' oem. f iompelling a child to go to school Stigs Jtis auot possible to ;compel it to learn isi 'gt. there is;s, what uate indeedl. M,, e .?.. we an?? od al of our'sch ol bii deemed oar parente . very cruel in D ss rlig eto leave our comfortable s!oma. apd live amid odious teacherse How S"compelled".to learn something 