SPOliTJNG NOTES. VICTORIA COCRSING CLUB.— THE WEST EOLTHKK STAKES. There was a very large attendance of the lovers o! tbo leasb at tho Vineyard paddock, near Sun- bury, yesterday, to witness tbo trials for Mr. W. J. Clarke's Gold Cup. The special train was well patronised, and when Sunbnry, the appointed rendezvous, was reached, thore could not liave been less than 400 persons present. No sooner had tho train deposited its freight than the rain, which bad been threatening all the morning, caino down rather smartly, and it was feared that the day's sport would bo spoiled. Luckily, bowever, the weather was only showery, and tho mild gale of wind that swept tbo faco of the Jlald- iiill bad tbo olfoct of drying one's clothes almost as soon as they had got wet. About tlireo o'clock the gale abated, and the sun coming out the afternoon was very pleasant. The bares were in gront abundance, but the unsettled weather and bleak wind bad! the effect of making) them vory wild, and constantly on the movo. Had tho day been tine, with tho number of hares there wero in the paddock, tho card would bavo been rnn through ; but as it was a very creditable day's work was done, there having been tweutv- ciglit trials run off. The coursing was oxcellcnt, soino of tho contests being very exciting, tboso botwoen Rifleman and Tronbadour, Sandy and Foitb, and Gipsey and Miss Walker, being especially well contested. Mr. Gardiner gave every satisfaction as judge, whilo R. Banner, as usual, handled his dogs in an artistic manner. Tbo stewards, with the exception of an unpardon able error in being led astray from tbeir regular beat, by which circumstance at least half- a-dozen bares wore lost, may bo complimented on the performance of tbeir duties : and a special meed of praise is duo to the slip-stoward for the zealous manner in which he attended to bis work. To-day's coursing will take place at Diggers' Rest, perhaps in Wallace's paddock, when it is anticipated tho remaining four courses on the card, and the first ties, will bo run off. The train, ns usual, will leave Spencer-street station at a quarter-past eight o'clock. West Boubke Cup, for G4 all-aged greyhounds at 6 guineas each. Winner, £100 and n gold cup, value 50 guineas, presented by W. J, Clarko, Esq. Second dog, £60 ; two dogs, £25 each ; four dogs, £12 10s. each ; eight dogs, £6 each. Littlo Fraud beat Woodcock Itippls „ Irishman Baratta „ Her Grace Ablmelcch „ Lady Jane Firefly „ Bcllerophon Seaweed ,, Jllgliwny Neville „ Ebony Day Dawn „ Telegraph Beppo fll King Death Linda ,, Voltaire Hila ,, Inverness Demoniao „ My Choice Hiflenian ,. Troubadour Lady Audley „ True Briton Gipsey ,, Miss Walker Cobbler „ Odd Fish Coquette „ Rip Van Winkle Gtancuse ,, Tho Queen Bunylp Cash Lottie „ His Majesty Beacon ,, Maid of Gowria lfcctor a( Becky Sharp Faith „ Sandy Young Britain , ltoyal Oak Jonndnb ,, Cock of tho Walk Jenny Wren ,, Saucy Mirk „ Mischief Friendless „ Brandy, Tho following are tbo results of the trials :— After the paddock bad boon traversed onco a good bare was started, and, the dogs being let go, Woodcock showed slightly in advance, but Littlo Fraud speedily made up tho lost ground, and led up by two lengths to tho haro, which she turned twice before the black dog got in. An exchange or two took place, but tho littlo ono was not to be denied, and she took possession of bor bare and secured a succession of brilliant turns, giving lier opponent tbo go-by several times. The black dog did not run as honestly as Tho Fraud, and tho only bit of good work he did was at the end, when ho got in on sufforanco. Littlo Fraud wound up hor really excellent trial with a kill, and won. Tho spectators had a fine view of this course. The next pair of dogs placed in Banner's bands were Ripplo and Irish man. Being lot go to a long slip, Ripple led up and turned, and the hnro getting a strong lead, tho dogs wero stopped at a fence. Thoy then disappeared over tho hill, and Ripple was declared tbo winner of a very unsatisfactory trial. Bnrattn, tho Oaks winner, led Her Grace up to a vory strong haro, anil scored first turn. Her Grace got in and placed a couple of points to ber credit, but Barntta came again and did some excellent work. Tho fonco on tho hill Btopped tho dogs, and tbo hnro disappeared and sought shelter in tho vinoyard. Baratta was declared tho winner. Lady Jane nud Abimclech, the next brace of dogs, wore let off on very oven terms, Tbo former raced up to lier hare and made a fino drive at puss. Abimclecb, wbo was unsighted, enme with a wet sail, took charge of Ills bare, which ho dusted about mer rily, and won tho trial with a number of points in band. Firelly and Bolloropbon, two brindlo dogs, were then placed in too slips. Firefly after a good bout with Bollerophon, in which she showed some good bouest work, was awarded tbo palm. - Highway and Seaweed rau an un decided to a very weak bare. Neville did as lie pleased with Ebony, leading up aud doing nearly all tbo work in n short course. Telegraph was led by Day Dawn up to a vory clover bare, which she turned and dusted about vory smartly, show ing some fine working powers. .Sho scored point aftor point before Telegraph could get in. Mounting the bill, however, Telegraph put in some good work, but Day Dawn's uasli was in disputable, and slto gave tbo other dog the go-by sovoral limes, and won a very brilliant conrso, which ended in a kill. Higbwny and Seaweed were released from the slips for tboir undecided course. Seaweed led up, but neither do" reached the haro before it got to cover. Tbo judge gavo the course ns undecided, l'boy woro placed in tbo slips again, and let away to n spanking bare, which proved too good for the dogs. Seaweed showed most foot, and lod nbont four lengths to tho haro, and turned twico before Highway could got in. Soawcod showed un doubted superiority and wou. King Death and Beppo were despatched on very even terms to a strong bare. The former was quickest pn lier logs, and scored first turn. Beppo, however, warming up, took possession of puss, and put in some good work, turning several times, and making a suc cession of fino drives. King Death, having got his wind again, camo at tho ond, gavo Beppo tho go-by, and wound up the course with a kill of merit; but Beppo bad scored too many points at tho outset to be wiped out, and tlio latter won a good working trial. A long aud well con tested trial took placo between Linda and Voltaire, wbo wore let loose to a fine haro. All the work was done out of sight, but tho judge gavo his award in favor of Linda. Eila Jed Inverness up tlireo or four lengths ; hut tho latter inado up his ground before the hare was reached, and turned first. Inverness re ceived a heavy fall, which umdo him lose so much ground, that ho did not wipe out the points Ella had placed to hor credit, Demoniac led My Choice, and turned tho haro towards tho latter, who got in on suffurauco. Tho red dog made up tho lost ground, gavo My Choico tbo go-bye, and won with points in hand. After Rifleman nud Troubadour bad rnn an undecided. Lady Audley and True Briton were placed in Banners bgnds. Lady Audley never gave lier opponent a ghost of a show, leading up and doing all tho work in a long gruelling course. Great interest wns centered in tho next course, between Miss Walkor and Gipsey. Miss Walker showed most speed up to a very fast hare, which sbo took in bnnd, and troubled very much ; but Gipsey's pluck Rnd stamina pronounced tbomselvcs, and she wiped off all the points in in a wonderful manner, and won u really fine trial. Rifleman led Troubadour up to his liare, which favored tho latter, who seemed to liavo puss well in hand. Rifleman thou camo again, and for tho rest of the courso oxhibitcd both spcod and good working powers, which wore not surpassed by nny dog during the day. Rifleman won a very long and hard trial by 12 or 13 points. Odd Fish and Cobbler ran a no go, tbo former getting unsighted. On being put in the slips again Cobblor led up, and the bare serving Odd Fish the latter took her in hand, and did all the rest of the work, winning as ho liked, ending bis good trial with a kill, his pace and working power being very fino. The course between Rip Van Winkle and Coquotto ended in a victory for tbo latter. Rip showed the best working powers in the early part cf the trial, and placed a groat number of points to his credit ; the fawn dog camo at the finish, aud the jndgo thought the latter entitled to tho course, as ho did not run ovenly or honestly. Glan- euso went out of tho slips at a great bat, leading tho Queen hy many lengths, turning once and wrenching several times. The Queen thenjgot iu and placed a point or two to hor credit, but it was only on sufferance, and Glaneuse caine to tlio fore and won bor trial vory easily. Cash lead up, but the hare favoring Bunyip, the latter scored first turn. A few very nice ox- changes took placo, but Bunyip proved Cash's master in a fair trial. Lottio led Ilis Majesty up, the latter getting the lead. Sho, however, got first turn, served herself, nud led out of sight, driving her liars well. Lottio won with any ainouut in hand. Mnid of Gowrio rau vory wide from the slips, but scared first turn ; tho Beaeon got in, and placed himself level with the Maid, wbo, bowevor, showed great foot, aud gave Beacon the go-by. When running strongly sbo fell, allowing Beacon to lmve solo possession of tbo bare, which ho wrenched several times. Ha did some very nice work, and heat the Maid, whose defeat may principally he ascribed to her running so widout her turns. Becky Sharp and Hector ran en un decided, after which Sandy and Faith were put in the slips, and being let away to a good closo slip, ran up to tboir bare as if coupled. Thoy both made a drive at the hare together, and the judge took off his hat for another undecided. Young Britain and Royal Oak noxt faced tlio public gaze. After a splendid trial, in which each dog at times showed to the fore, both worked well : lint Young Britain coining at tho end, dueled his haro about in fine style, and wound up liia course with a kill and victory. Hector aud Becky Sharp thon ran an undecided, t he former having little or no difficulty in settling tbo pretensions of Becky. Sandy and Faitli wore afterwards slipped to a grand bare to doter- tnino their undecided course. Sandy led Faith up tlireo or four lengths, and turned his hare near tho fence, allowing Faith to escort puss, which was a regular tlycr. They then went out of sight, nnd when thoy appeared to view Faith was in command, and scored several points before sho let Sandy in, Tho latter part of tbo course was not scon, owing to tho bare going among a lot of sheep. Faith won a long and Bevero courso by a couplo of points. .Tonadab and Cock of tho Walk were slipped to a regular sncozor. It was a very hollow nlfair ; .Tonadab bad it all bis own way, tbo other dog not being able to livo with him. Joua- dab had a long and sovcre course solus, but the haro wns too clover for him single-handed and escaped. Jenny Wren and Saucy ran an undecided, ami then Mirk and Mischief, tho Gold Cup winner of Inst year, were placed in tho slipper's hands, and, contrary to all expectation, the former won rather easily. Friondless beat Brandy in a short trial, and the day's sport was put an end to by dark ness setting in. 