IS the novelist. ^ ^OMAN OF FASHION-* ,.358*53^ jot IioTell, &o.; Chapter XXVII. 4T.0NG THE BAPIDS. ,if„ dear, dear, old Leah. This was letter, written m straggling round r „ith precarious punctuation and KfmirF capitals. "I am glad that you and jack's cough is better, what ™*for him to bave rat-catching. Only I am I, for the Bats, and I should like to Lpetres. Naomi has got a new spring fand I am to have her old one full of S,and Greese. I wish you had never Si Jack, for if you had married SI. ! ton you might have taken me away from wonce. I go in his room very often, j he rings the songs he sang That Sunday, I eave him your Foto, And he looks ill itnsdame says M. Dantonhas never been ■isame man since miss Leah married, and U has grown so big out of his jackets Lie says she must have a New Boy: dear, dear Leah. I shall like to stay with in London, and have a riding-habbit made he tayler, and I have had one of my worse And Danton nursed me like yon, go no more from your loving little sister, t" "My love to Jack he has come in with oViolettes and I send 2 or 3 and he hopes »w happy. From Deb." ince Jack Chamberiayne read the letter trtiuh. searching at every word for his Ki Lord Stair's, name, and finding nothing. B,resd it a third time before the trnth—the Kgracefnl, damning truth, so he held it Be upon bis slow intelligence. Leab, bis Be, bad loved, not Lord Stair,. bat this man BLtnn^a foreigner, a penniless medical Ktg|9D~S , ft musician ! horrible to Bi.'ft'g' face. He tore cne leraer into snreai Kaoand it and the violets under his heel ed upon them. Then, his first passion a ipent, he came up threateningly close to Wtoa horrible to behold, distorted poor ' - He tore the letter into shreds; so that was your secret—Lord Stair aSSad. You—a girl decently brought up, Laughter of a gentleman—you carried on .te-ictrigue with that scoundrel—at the U too were engaged to me, at the time Lid your father were rifling my pockets, So answer to this. Leah jnst stood passive, ■tony ready to receive his insults, or if it Si him bptter, his blows. >Sirear on your oath," cried Jack, tran imorted beyond every bound of reason by the of the discovery that had come oonhim, "swear on your oath that you ewer lored this man, unless you want me to till you as you stand there 1" "I will swear no oath at all," was Leah's mjy, " And don't let us have any nonsense ifoat 'killing,' please. Nothing of that kind ftjphtwm me. What good is life to me? Vb&t; bspr'neM have I in life ? People don't «eem to gain by dishonourable actions, I begin to see. Well, you have not gained by flying a letter yon bad no right to read. The thing is over." "Overi By the Lord," exclaimed Jack, Lie face drawn and white with rage, " I don't inov what you mean by over 1 I call it just begu. You refuse to swear ? I give you $w chance more." ,, "Must certainly I refuse. You read a Jfeta which you had no right to read. Inter pret itas you choose, but without help from me. 1 have perjured myself enough already for one lifetime." "And loring him, encouraging him—oh, I see it all now—' the songs he sang that .Sunday.' I remember another song he sang Xnyour wedding day—you felt no shame, njGod," cried poor Jack with trembling ■lips, "no shame, no remorse in marrying me!" " If I did not," answered Leab, her face drooping upon her breast, " I shall feel ■shime and remorse enough for the remainder of my life, be quite sure. So the scene came to an end, barring some egly last words of Jack's that do not need setting down. And Leah found herself sloneagain, blankly gazing from her window at the sapphire Bky and yellow - washed palaces and broad steps leading upward from the Piazza to the brow of the Pincian* till. Long did she stand thus; tearless, white -tall, stupified, one who watched her might have said, rather than undergoing any acute <r passionate pain; then, in a mechanical sort <W. ^e stooped, picked up the fragments fflhttle Deb's letter and the violets that Mr. Uamberlayne's heel had ground into shreds, every smallest object reminding her of ™Jf0Q—his one letter of Bix words, the jRtheoed Gloire de Dijon roses—Leah, since to marriage, had conscientiously destroyed, oat these few torn violet petals she hid never look at now (nay, can scarce &neu; violate in the street) without nil that roomings scene, the vaulted Roman room, •iiitWi Rowing sky, the song of the ^^d from his prison, coming back upon /jell, and after this—after this, I am far con saying that Leah made no more efforts wng the dreary uphill path of duty. What 5*^5 whole life save one drear effort ? But Jr off being patient, and it was better It ill « ^toe of absolute patience is luJS timto too nearly akin to despair for ■Sit. When Mr. Chamberiayne JS™'"eaP bis miserable insults upon her, or open Danton—his wife's secret diet* totted, Jack seemed never to weary of employment—she got into the habit oi •Mwenngnim with few words, well chosen, words tacitly admitting the justioo of _ his reproaches, and that stabbed Jack's ruined tort hke a knife. After a time she began to tana* 1.J— - j—-«* uu interest, aeaa since ner mar* gp, in millinery; made acquaintance with S® Jtowd of English from whom hitherto w had held coldly aloof; by and bye pio* ■tod on the Campagna, saw the Coliseum by flight, visited the ateliers, and danced «Qnirinal with the rest; had two or Jr* devoted admirers even, Roman and TflMb Can a fair woman exist without ^tohooan^ more than she can exist with* J* »U this Jack looked on, sullen, morose ^toohs (of any man nearer than the Rue jtojpone) never! His instinots, unalloyed tops on some points correct as a Knowing the one bam intolerable .W he knew it, no smaller doubt or iWrtw'™—"*■ " " -- mind. The ^i^ro^ wtth bis narrow vision,^S^u3? knew better than them alL Leah Jr" dance, dress, conquer,' as she chose, "Leah, a Woman ot by the proprietors ri | and herhusbund stood by—more frequently did not stand by—with the same apathetic indifference to her actions. What need for a nosband to watch a wife whose heart was sentinelled like Leah's I What mattered her heart to him ? What mattered anything, save to drink the dregs of his own poisoned, life with as much haste as possible—make the most of all opportunity for self- forgetfolness that might come to his hand ? They left Rome in April They visited Monaco. Yon have beard Jack speak of Monaco, and of Leah's newly-developed faculty for gambling. And then came their journey home, to London, where ruin-made easy lay pleasantly open for either of them, or both. The world, ever ready with its gift of prophecy, thought for both. The season of their return was May ; a blue sky, or each pale smoke-hue as in England is accounted blue, overhead; the trees clean, the east wind searching men's lungs and tempers ; the sparrows chirping out their hopes, and seeing to their nests, on the house-tops. What kind of nest should this pair of newly mated love-birds inhabit ? Lord Stair's practical advice helped them in this, as in most things—by good chance, as regarded Leah's visiting list, a favourable turn in bis lordship's money matters gave bim the prospect of spending this summer in London. Lord Stair met the pilgrims on the platform at Victoria; dined with them j that very evening—Jack too wearied. to stir oat after the journey — escorted Leah to the opera, where all the world was hearing Patti's first Bong of the season. By the end of a week he had installed them in their hotel, pnt Jack in the way of losing any amount of money be chose, in good company—there is the advantage of having a man of rank for your friend!—and caused at least six ladies of quality, if not of character, to leave their cards with the hall- porter at Mr. and Mrs. Chamberlayne's hotel. By the end of a fort night Leah began to "float." The name of the new beauty was already a familiar word upon the lips of idle London, and the name of' the new beanty was seldom spoken in club, paTk, or ball-room unaccompanied by that of Lord Stair—the programme chalked out by milor eight months before in Paris so far working to admiration. To float! With a husband sullenly acquiescent like Jack, with a friend as much in earnest and as powerful as Lord Stair, what should Leah do but float along the rapids of folly on which she had embarked ? During the first months of her marriage the newness of her pain had been sufficient to occupy her. She whs accustomed to every thing now—to Jack, and Jack's violence, and her own self- loathing, and the constant hunger of the heart—the days that dread the morrow, the blank awakening to each new morning of a loveless, emasculated life. Ah heaven! one most have excitement when it comes to this, drag memory, slay regret by whatever means come readiest! Surely in this all-whirling, all- forgetting London there can be no space for the ghosts that haunt her with such cruel pertinacity. That starlit walk in the garden of the Toileries, that farewell hour in the atelier—absurd to think such memories cannot be lived down! Why, look at half the women of good position that one meets—women well contented with the day's labour and day's wages of their life. Look at the faces, " beautified with plast'ring art," that smile on you from gay equipages in the Park and Row. Were these, do you Buppose, never tear-stained, never pale with remorse over some girlish love whose mnrder was necessary before gay equipages and good position oould be attained at all ? Float along the rapids, every day faster. So things have gone on for a fair number of weeks now. Ball-going men fight for Mrs. Cbamberlayne's round dances, ball givers (without daughters, especially) are eager to secure her for their entertainments. At the Derby, Hurlingham, the four-in-hand meet ings in Hyde-park, wherever she appears, Mrs. Chamberlayne is pronounced the prettiest woman present More than once she has waltzed with Royalty; if fate prove propitious, may even be seen at the great Duchess of St Ives' next ball, through Lord Stair's influence. And still memory refuses to be drugged, and regret dies not "Something wrong in the digestion, de pend upon it," said Bell Baltimore, when Leah once whispered a hint of her soul's sickness to her friend. "Ton want tonics. Centuries ago, I, too, had my attack of Wertherism, as you know—well, and nothing saved my complexion but arsenic, in tiny doses." " I think arsenic in large doses would be a far surer cure for my complaint," was Leah's answer. 