GYMPIE TURF CLUB MEETING, AUGUST ? [By Oi.d Jorrock's Ghost.] On Thursday noxt the nominations for our principal evonts will havo to bo in tho hands of tho Secretary ?, and judging from tho largo num ber of horses nominated in'Maryborongh, I have evory confidence that wo will soo a1 good fiold of horses competing for tho very liberal prizes offered by our Club. ( ? It is satisfactory to know that the officials of our Club and the Maryborough ono have worked together, and were in communication before publishing their programmes, with a view, to fixing tho datos in order to suit tho convenience of ownors of horsos. When the datos for our programmo wore published it was gonerally sup posed that tho horses onterod at Maryborough would also go to Rockhainpton ; but I find on reference to the entrances at tho latter placo . oniy two (Chieftain and Julius) out of those nominated at Maryborough are enterod at Rockhanipton. Had these facts boon known, no doubt tho Gympie Races would have been fixed at an earlier date. However, after all, there is not much more than three weoks inter vening betwoon the Maryborough Races, and ours, so that owners of horsos will not have cause to complain. ; The first event on our programme is; the Maiden Plate. For this race there will probably h.e four or five entrances ; judging from, tho horses eligible foi this contest, and who are likely to put in an app'oarance, the Maiden Plate should bo well contested. Tho second raco — the Miners' Purse — is sure to fill up well. It is expected that seven or eight horses will be nominated for this evont, srid as the handicapping is Hkely to bo in impar tial and experienced hands, it is quite reasonable to oxpeot that at least six will face the starter. This evont, being a local one, is creating a consi derable amount of interest, and when the weights are out there will no doubt be a demand for I mil pneket-books. The third race — tho Sixth Annual Handicap — is tho prize of tho meeting, and will, it is to be hoped, produce a better raco than it has dono for years past. It is quite possible that six good hones will draw up for the event, and should the owners of such horses as Chioftain, Julius, Garibaldi, Dirk, Elastic, Quadrant, Nemo, &c;, pay us a visit thero will ba no lack of excitement. The Ladies' Purse should fill up well, as the distance is short, and weight for age. Tho horses ?entored for the Maiden Plate will no doubt try conclusions over again for thin evont. The Hack Raco will produce some good sport. Tha second day's racing commences with the Hurdle Race. I have frequently opposed the insertion of this event in our programmo, but I ' have reason to expect that the class of horses likely to put in an appearance this yoar will be something ahovo tho averago, and theroforo not so liable to endanger tho lives of their ridors. Nobody can appreciate good hurdle racing butter than your humble servant -, but I have a parti cular aversion to seeing horses and riders repeat edly falling over tho jumps. The Gympie District Plate will also prove a good raco. The winner of the Gympie Turf Club Handicap will have to carry a penalty of 5 lbs, and the distanco is a quarter of a milo less. Tho Selling Race comes next, and owners who aro desirous of disposing of a second or third class horse will not lose the chance of entering for this ovont. The Hack Race will give another chance to owners of smart hacks to' secure a £10-note. The Forced Handicap will conclude tho Race Meeting. The distanco is 1£ miles, and the prize will probably be worth about £35. That tho above programme is creditable to Gympio there can bo no doubt. Tho Club here has been kept together by a few energetic roBi deiits for the love of the sport only. However, they have succeodod in issuing a programmo this year that would reflect credit on any inland town in Qiiitnnsland ; and I feol sure that thoir disin tarestwl efforts will bo appreciated by the people ofGyinpie. Should I be able to get the woights for the Maryborough Handicaps in time, I will send you a critique for Saturday next. It is conducive to the success of our meeting that the Maryborough ?cvoights should givo general satisfaction. 