TfcB POETRY AND MUSIC OP IBEL^MI). FBOM "LECTURES AND ESSAYS" ET HENLV 0ILES. IRETAND is a land of poetry. The power of the past there, over every imagination renders it a land of romance. Tbe past i» yet an actuality in Ireland; m all other parts of the British islands IT is a SODR Thn tragedy of Flodden Field moves a Scotoh man's feelings, bat it doeB not disturb bis business; ihe battle of Bannockbnrn calls up his enthusiasm, bat though it keeps him late at the bottle, it never keeps him late from the counting-house. The imprisonment of the poet-king, Jamie, softens bis affections, but it leaves his judgement petfectly clear on "bills of exchange and th"e price of stocks. Even the battle of Cnlloden is pone long ago to the calm impartiality of things that were. The Welshman tabes English money without remorse, and sajs not a word about the aseaesin, King Edward and the murder of their bards. Even lha English themselves have but faint remembrance of the Heptarchy, the revolt of the barons, the Wars of tbe Boses, tbe death of the first Charles, aDd the abdication of the second James. Bat events do not pass away so rapidly in Ireland. Ireland is a country of tradition, of meditation, and of idealism. It has much of the Eastern feeling of passion added to fancy, with continuity of habit, as in tbe East, connected with both passion and fancy. Monuments of war, princedom, and religion cover the face of |tbe land. . The meanest man lingers nnder the shadow of piles which tell him that his fathers were not slaves. He toils in the fields or he walks on the highways with structures before him that have stood the storms of time, throngh which the wind echoes with the voice of centuries, and that voice is to his heart the voice of soldiers, of aoholatj, and of saints. We would pen no chilling word respecting tbe impulse of nationality that now seems aBtir in Ireland. We honour everywhere the spirit of nationality, We honour the glorious heroism which, for an idea and a conviction, if it cannot do, can always dare and die. Much there is in Ireland tbat we most dearly love. We love its music, sweet and sad, low and lonely; it comes with a pathos, a melancholy, a melody, on the pulses of the heart, that no other music breathes, and while it grieves it soothes. It seems to flow with long complaint over a coarse of ages, or to grasp with broken sobs through the ruins of. historic fragments of historic thought. We are glad with the humour of Ireland, so buoyant and yet so tender; quaint with smiles, quivering with sentiment, pursing up tbe lips while it bedews the eyelids. We admire the bravery of Ireland, which might have been broken, but never was bent—which has often been unfortunate, but which never has been craven. We have much affection for the Irish character. We give unfeigned praise to that purity of feeling which surrounds Irish women in the humblest class, and amid the coarsest occupations, with an atmosphere of sanctity. We acknowledge with heartfelt satisfaction that kindred love in the Irish poor, that no distance can weaken, .and no time can chill. We feel satisfied with our humanity, when we see the lowly servant-girl calling for her wages, or drawing on the savingsbank for funds, to take tears from the eyes of a widowed mother in Connaught, or fears from the soul of an aged father in Munster. We behold a radiance of grandeur around the head of the Irish labourer, as he hounds, three thousand miles away, at the sound of Rjpenl, at the name of O Connell; and<yet more, as his hand shakes as he takes a letter from the post-office, which, rude asit may be in superscription, is a messenger from the cot in which childhood lay—is an angel from the fields, the hills, the streams, the mountains and the moors wherein his boyhood sported. We remember with many memories of delight, too, the beauties of Ireland's scenery. We recollect the fields that are evergreen; the hills that bloom to the summit; the streamlets tbat in sweetness seem to singher legends, the valleys where.the fairies play; the voices among the glens, that sound from her winds as with the spirits of her bards ; the shadows of her ruins at moonlight, that m pale and melancholy splendor ghosts of her ancient heroes. 