DIOCESE OF TASMANIA. The Church News of June contains the following second letter from Canon Bromby, on the 'Revival of Spiritual Religion': — 'My Dear Sir — I have been much cheered by the communications which. I have received upon the subject which I ventured to bring before your readers last month. More clearly than before, I can see that a great inany people, both clergy and laity, are longing for a real revival of true spiritual religion. It is true that I have not heard from very many. I did not expect to do so. It is in answer to the earnest, persevering prayers of a few, that we may hope to see the great number of Christians awakened to the great danger we are in by reason of our lukewarmness. I feel sure, also, that there are many who feel a deep interest in this matter, and. yet do not care to write and express their feelings. Several of those from whom I have heard have expressed a wish that an hour might be named, so that we might all feel strengthened by the thought that we were praying at one time. They have also considered that a short form of prayer for all to use, in addition to and not as a substitute for, their own unpremeditated supplications and intercessions, would be useful. I venture, therefore, to suggest that our prayers be offered between the hours of eight and nine in the morning (the ' third hour,' when the promised gift of the Holy Ghost was given at Pentecost), and that the following be among the prayers we use. [Here follows a form in some respects resembling the Litany.] We might use these prayers, or some of them, slowly and very earnestly, and then wait upon our knees quietly and silently until the Holy Spirit stirred within us deeply those supplications of the inmost heart, those ' groanings that cannot be uttered,' which are among His most priceless gifts. I should be very thankful to receive any com munications on this most solemn subject. It gives me great pleasure to find, from the letter of a valued correspondent in Victoria, that a large Prayer Union, among the members of our church in- that colony, has been formed. — I remain, dear sir, yours most sincerely in Christ, H. B. Bromby. S. David's Cathedral, May 31, 1875.' 