is Footpads.—Corij piasters.' Wy Hard Lines,—Tlife railways. A Hun of Luck.—Winning a race. . To niake ihe" winter seefpiliort m. Dublin man gives hU .acceptance payable in spring. A Yankee critic, speaking oi a jvery tall acior, said, " He's tall enough to act in two parts." Unspeakably Happy.—Deaf and dumb lovers. Too mooch, lager,' said a Dutchman, "ish bad, but a good deal ish shust right." A Miss Gilmore was courted by a man whose name was Haddock, who told her that he wanted only one gill bioie to make him a perfect fish." . . . An Indiana flian ha^ltlie.ramrod ofa shot gun 6red through hini. and irhe only damage.was < ' a dunt queer feeling."- Allowance.—" Can't you" make any allowance fur a man's being drunk V' "Certainly/ said the judge, «' I'll allow you three days' imprisonment:" Abstracted.—A thief who (ell into a fit of abstraction, and got lost in thought, after wandering ..awhile in his own mind, found himself at last in the. arms ofa! olio. man. Not to he Done that Way.—An eriin-- husband who had exhausted all explaiianons for late hou>s,„.an^:hiid nq^ipology; ready, recenily'., slipped iuto . (he ,house' about i o.'cloek, very.soflly; denuded 4iimsell .gently, ahd began rocking the" cradle by the bedside as if he had been awakened out of-a sound sleep 1iy infantile'crits.- 1 He had lockert away tot- five minuies when MuryvJane, who'hud silently observed the whole m «celrvre, said;'"tSoine to bed, you fool; 1 jiml ihe'baby ain't there t" ; , Tlie 'Only Men wlio^HtVe' i .Bjgiit to' Tajk.of^heir.Extraction.^-.Pentists, I Unf .l >to Know.—rWheii small boys are out on tlieir travels it is proper to- ask them, " Does your mother know your rou'e ?" Since the, ghost broke out at Carthage, the boys say ii is mut h more pleasani escorting girls home Irom ilie literary society. Shaksperian Notion of Economy.—" A tanner will last you nine year.'"—" Hamlet, act 5, sc. I. An Awful Warning.—A woman broke her arm the other day while washing dishes; and yet theie are others who'will turn up their nuse. aUhis awful warning. When a howling stoim of snow and' wind comes 011 just after a man : has : removed a 4ft. drift Irom his front gale, he. begins to lose faith in;special Providences. A Comforting Conclution. — An frisk editor congratulates - himself that half the lies told about him ain't true. The Growth .of'Calumny,—And now they say Willing Penn would alt down under a tree with Indians abo.utkjm, and, telling them of the better wnrld beyond the sea, aud deal himsell four ;cea anil wiu ilie 