RELIGIOUS MANIA. AT the weekly meeting of the Sal ford Board of Guardians,yesterday, Mr.' Maymon presiding, Mr. Makinson said he would like to inquire whether it was true that certain persons had been taken to the workhouse suffering from a religious mania, caused by their having attended the services of Messrs. Moody and Sankey. Mr. Denrden said he could only give them the authority of the relieving officers on the matter. HA had heard from them that a woman named Mary Bowler 48 years of age had been taken into tbe house during the week : and Mr^ Jones, one of the" relieving officers, stated that she was sffering from religious mania brought about by visiting • Messrs. Moody and Sankey's meetings.—-Another case "had occurred ^-that.of'Ann Widdows, 27 years of age, and her case, it was alleged, had risen from the same cause. In the first "pase; an order had been made for the husband to pay 6s a week,-and in the latter the father was to-pay 4s a week/ He ft as reminded by Dr. Enowles that several cases of this character h d been sent to the Preatwick Asylum. - Indeed, these- cases were now becoming very common, and"it viati quite a common thing with^he officers at the asylum to say,*' What! another Moody-and Sankey?' (Laughter,) The -Bev. W. Doyle* said he should be inclined to take t these ramoura " with a grain of salt." - Before they could' arrive at any conclusive opinion as to the cause of these " religious mania" cases, they must first ascertain the antecedent condition of the patients.—Mr' Dearden added that they had only two of these cases in the house at pr9sent and tbe rest were at PreBtwick. —Mr. Taylor quite agreed with Mr. Doyle in his remarks,—Mr Snowies thought that in these cases tbe meetings of Messrs. Moody andSankey may have been the exciting cause, but no doubt there must have been -some predisposing cause also.—Mr. Eudd said that in connection with denomination to which he belonged caBes of religious mania had occurred, but it was generally found that there was predisposing cause for it. He did not beleive that real religion would drive any man mad. (Hear hear.)—the subject then dropped.— A telegram states that a Liverpool beerhouse-keeper yesterday, on bearing his calling condemned by the American Bevivalists, Moody and Sankey, rushed-to ihetiver and attempted to drown himself. He was eventually rescued* at the first words he uttered were " I bave lost Mr. Moody and the Holy .Ghost." He' was taked to the hospital, and made a rambling statement about Mr. Moody, winding up by declaring, " My last chance is gone." Manchester Examiner. —Fall Mall ? 