AUOTION8. (By .11. or . i6 the AustaralasianJ To my mind there is hardly a sadder eight in the world than that of a colleotion of household furniture sold off by direction of the executors, the official assignee, or under power of a bill of sale, and the advertise ment for which is headed with the peculiarly captivating preface of "without reserve." There is a story, if we only knew it, about every item in the auctioneer's bill of fare, from the brilliant-toned grand pianoforte (printed in small capitals, and standing on a line by itself), down to the children's brass bedsteads, and the baby's cradle of the upper floor. The " handsome silver ten and coffee service," of which the poor widow crying quietly in the only looked room in the house-used to be so proud, was a pre sent from Tom, poor fellow, the day he informed her of his long-expected promotion. She would like to keep that service-it looks unkind to Tom's memory to part with it-but for the sake of the little ones scat tered for the day here and there among her friends it has to go. And with it must go the "magnificent china breakfast and tea set," bought by herself with the saving from the household allowance to keep the plate in countenance. It is a pang to part with these things; to know that all her woma:nly care in carefully preserving the drawingroom Brassolls carpet ends only in adding a few shillings to its value in the ayes of a chance bidder; that the chimney piece ornaments, which she always dusted herself, for fear of the destructive qualities of Bridget, will be carried away in a few hours, and made to adorn alien fireplaces; that the books, of which Tom was so fond, full of pencil scores and marginal notes in his own hand, to recall pleasant passages, which he had so often read aloud in the long winter evenings as she worked on the other aide of the table, are now done up in lots ftr the convenience of purchasers; that curious, busy, prying eyes are in every room in the house, inspecting the legs of her chairs and tables, examining her well-kept house, peeping into her wardrobes, and appraising the value of her drawring suites and enoograv ings. She can hear the groups passing and re-passing her door on the bare boards of the passages and stairs, from which the carpets have been removed to prevent damage from rough and muddy boots; and every now and then can catch the monotou ous chant of the iconoclastic auctioneer from some distant room, knooking down lier household gods-" if thiere's no advance for two too. All done at two ten ? and at two ten-two fifteeon--£3. Thank you, ma'am. £3 once, £3 twice, and for the third and last time £3. It's yours, ma'am." The motives that induce ladies to fl.ck in such numbers to furniture auctions are vari ous. The chance of getting that thing so dear to a woman's heart-a bargain--is, perhaps, the principal one. Lt(lios know little of the actual oxoitement of business, its vexatious and worries, its losses and its gains; and they. love thie auction because it allows themi ti play at their husbaudo' work, .,· . . . It gives them tile make.believe of business, and that combined with the lonring for bar gains, takes them there in numbers. Ba sides, they like to explore the very inner mont recesses of the honusekeeping arrange ments that are thrown open to the eye of curiorty on thono occasions; to see, perhaps, how an old friend or past acquaintance has kept her dinner cutlery or crystal; or to solve the question of the furniture of the back bedrooms. But from whatever motive, there is no doubt but that women do love auctions, that they look upon a good sale in their neighbourhood as a Cornish fisherman looks upon a wreck, and that they have no more compunction in picking up abargamin in thie house of mourning or misfortune than a camp-follower has in stripping the bodies of the slain on the battle-field. It seems to be received as a sort of social axiom that the sports and pleasures of man are cruel and barbarous, while those of women are innocent. The man often rides his noble horse to death in nursuit of the timid dear or the poor fox; he shoots at pigeons for bets, and kills hirds and fishes out of pure wantonness; he break his friend's ribs without remorse when his blood is warmed with the savage strife of football; and from theplatform neither friend nor foe are safe from his tongue if they cross him in the game of politics. Women hear and read of these things and shudder. Their soft and gentle natures shrink from the thoughts of the pain that their husbands and brothers inflict on each other and on their fellow brutes; and they grieve over the hard heartedness of man, and make broad their own phylacteries and enlarge the borders of their garments at our expense. But do our fair Pharisees never think of the woe upon them when they go forth to devour widows' furniture-.when they compass street and terrace to make one bargain? Are they troubled at the sorrow and misery that the breaking up of a home and the scattering of the cherished collection of years implies? Do they grieve with the grief of the widow or the bankrupt's wife while the consum mation of ruin involved in an auction is going on ? They certainly may. Women are such wonderful adepts at disguising their feelings that a man can never tell whether the sweet smile hides a broken heart, or the happy look and laughing voice may not he assumed to cover as with a cloak the distress she feels for the unfortunate. But it cannot be denied that they appear at least to enjoy auctions, and as long as they encourage such an impression by their .speech and manner, they cannot consistently blame man for any of his amusements, be they never so cruel. Of course auctions and auctioneers are necessary, and I am not going to speak against them. But things are often neces sary that it is not desirable or pleasant to assist at. We must have spring lamb for our dinnere, but we have the poor young things slaughtered away from us, and fond as the readers of the ladies' column are of the tender flesh, they would rather not see the operations of the butcher. It is necessary to hang our criminals, but we do it in the privacy of the gaol reserve; and it is easier for an ordinary member of the public to get admittance to the rehearsal of a new play than to obtain a view of one of those vin dications of justice. Our dead must be buried out of our sight, but we do it with all due regard to the feelings of the living. Now, a woman with a properly-constituted mind should rather slay her own lambs, help the. hangman if he wanted assistance, or act as mute at a funeral (an office that, as far as I know, no woman has ever yet been called upon to fill), than join in the crowd of Jew brokers, greasy dealers, and human vultures that congregate together to prey on the miserable remains of a home. They may lose bargains. They may have to pay more for new knives and forks, spoons, glasses, or cups and esaucers, than they would for the well-saved treasures upon which the auctioneer grows eloquent. But with the new things they will buy no unpleasant associations. The shopkeeper will throw in no ghosts with his lot, there will be no skeleton in the wardrobe he sells, no sad recollections of another's ruin oling ing round the posts of the new bedstead, or hiding under the telescope-table in the diningroom. We never know-not one of us--when the turn will come for our own furniture being sold off. The walnut drawingroom suite in blue and gold brocade that was bought for the original furnishing of your home, and with an eye to match which everything has been got since, your twenty-one-day time piece in ormolu, the cots bought for each successive addition to your family, your whatnots, your lace curtains, and your little all, in fact, may be advertised for sale, " without reserve," before a month is over. How would you like the idea of your bosom friends, Mrs. Grundy and Mrs. Oandour, who you know have always envied your luck andl coveted your nice things-thus enhancing their value tenfold- coming with a troop of your visiting acquaintances to see what they could pick up? Is there one of your friends that you could part with your piano or your pier-glass a bargain to? Wouldn't you rather that every stick and stitch belonging to you passed into secondhand furniture shops than that they should be divided among the people you know, to keep alive in them the memory of your miefortune. You would hate Mrs. Grundy and Mrs. Candour if you thought that ithey would go to your auctaon and get burgains at it; and yet you know well that you would go to theirs to-morrow, and possess yourself for next to nothing, if possible, of the table-linen of one, or the cut-glass of the other. As long as ladies do attend auctions, no matter how cruel may be the sports of men, we can boast that we are their superiors in humanity. 