A TBML'BKATB CONYKOYBKSIALIS'f. From tie Timer. AVe are asked by the father of a young taiau who lias, been lately received at St. Dco"riiirll»-on;Sdsiiito'tho--Cliureli-of--Lonio. ' tn uubiisli tho. folloiviug edifying corrcs- poiidcncc. Tho father who is a cloi'g'yman of the Church of Biiglaml, slates that he is willing to igiyo; his nnmo , to -aiiyoiio. who tnay require it, but lid desJres.iis.iioFto pub lish it iu our columns ; and ive, therefore, Buppress,: also, that of bis antagonist . -___"-So|)t,— 3, lB75.vKeVASir, Although, deeply wounded and beyond measure indig nant at-your invasion of parental authority ia the rare of niy poor, delicate, and there fore, weak- hciiilcil .hoy, l_write uioro in a .spirit of duiy than anger to -ask.. you n few- :siiiiplu i|iic.siidns us a lather whoso insti-uc- tioii his sou ;how sets ut deliance, and as -owing duties, to wards other members ot-the fiiiiiily, whtnfe love tbat, once, teinterly .attuoii.cd- son now lightly esteems', I trust .you will '.not r refuse explicit answers to them: — lT-;\Vheii— you— re-baptised— iiiy— so n- jiiid adniitu'dr hiuirto your eumiuiiiiion ou the 2 lid of August, lifter only tivq.'proviqus. , intervisus, were you aware that ill coming ; toyondic nils acting in direct . opposition/ to — A .his, father's wisbes ? 2. After receiving my son, diJ'you eneouhigc huh to dcceivo me, telling iiiiur that, if asked wlierehe had' . been after, visiting you and attending your was to answer that !i0"ha"d"'becn" — — for-a- wiilk-?— 3. Have you. taught him opinions -which lie how' iroeliiiins— (b)" that it is bis duly to turn a deaf car to my teachings ; (4). :thai the voice of the priest. or the Church isi Superior to the inspired .word of God ; that it is a sin to appeal, to tho . authorised Protestant version of tho Bible in ordcr;to establish the truth or falsity ;of any -particular doctrine ? - -f . -In -the qfaco "of jireceedingsivliich— have— broughtr;such- eorrow upuu bis faaiily, have you taught my -son, or do you approve of-.-his-holditig, that, deliberate disobedience to ; parents," attended with aggravated circumstances of sccrtcy, " MuplicfiyTfandAreacbtrynisTjiTstifi'dbleTeVen" iiieritoriuu3 ; a lio ceasiug to be li. lie if ordered by, the' Chiiich ? 5. As you have become the spiritual . director of my son, \- perhaps you', will inform- me. whether it is your uilvieevtliat be abould absent himself from the wo'rsbip of the Church of England, aiul.'.wbethqr q ho, 'uiust_ iiow, as a Human Catholic, regard her . leaching as dangerous mid ! false. , Such dogmas as 1 have men tioned'. are so repugnaut to overy sincere lover of I ruth and to overy conscientious Christian, it is so dillicult for an honest man to suppose anotiicr capable of holding such perversions ofytheBiuIplesfTtrilthTof tunr- tnlity, .that it is. only. fair to give you an opportunity;, of Justifying or repudiating 4iouduct_wJiich„is„uttcrly_contraEy_to_iJL that is upriglit aitd holy. AVith regard to tho_ workjugqof th'o Bomish system as ex- . hibited iu my- soli's case, it remains for tho fittliers and mothers of this free country to" decide whether they will 'submit, to. tho hearts of the children whom God has gi von -them-being- thus alienated,, from them by priestly direction and secretly admitted into — A Cliureli-whosa teaching rthey-beliove to-be- contrary to ;thc AVord of God at an ago ivlieii those children arc not capable of fqrmr ing opiiiiqiia oil the. most important of truths fur-tliomselvesr- ylyh'esd-hardly-adi-that-I- sliall consider, liivself at- porfect liberty .to uublish uiv letter 'to vou and voiir renlv.i AVith" earnest: prayer that : the cruel, injury! which you have done me and mine may not.' only : be pardoned, but overruled, for ad vancing. the, truth us it is in Jesus, I remain, Bcv. ijir, yours obediently, "St. Leonard s-on- Sea, Sept. 21, 1873.— - Bev. hir, — I liuve removed a letter, from" you on t lit subject of your son. - You there express vour great avei'Hitm . to my having been 'the instrument, in God's -' hands, forliis' reeoneiliatiuurwith the Church of lus fathers, tho Cliureh ofA the, living God, One, Holy,. .Catholic and Apostolic, the .pillar aim foiiny dation of truth, outside of which noiio carl ;be saved. This, however, according :to your letter, seems -to havo given you very great umbrage indeed. It/seems to vex you much ; and you aro evidently embarrassed -tlfrotigh it, in your-position ot lijp, "as being a paid minister of an heretical sect.. ' Iu .whatever, way, then, you might like to make -vour- anger sensible Jo your son, you would \- iike tnjiuiir out tho vials of wrath upbii:hio; and tliat'iii - two ways. . First, there is the . uienace ot the Press — ' you consider yoiir- selt.at perfect:.1 liberty — to— publishryoiir Ictter -na , vvoll ,aB wy reply.' This reminds ine. of tho .wifo iot a Protestant minister, a near relation A to ... a well- known, Pro testant Bishop, whom- 1 received into tho Church 'snmdtime back. :- AVIien shb in- farmed her husband of. tins occurrence; this meek ami Christian gentleman declared fur .. .jSiiiue davs tliat, !! Iio could only find. out this priest, ho,:: vvou|d shoot /him without a' iiiiiiuriitVdelav'.:'.. Another tiino a kiiife and ii-liiiiii-were-hrouglit up-horo-fur-proeiselya- Kiiililiir imitivo uiidpiirpoao. >. And. iioAv, at' \- IiihI |-imi to be annihilated' when -yoti Jslnill linng iiie up. on tlio: gibbet, ol the ' Press. .Prnvi hnwevcr, dn- your best or yuiir worst -.(» this way— I shall he able Jo fight tlio Press- lis well a» vnursell. From all such I expect dint; /t-Oi.-Riripes mi vo .'Olio.-. 2Your-secoiiil , -way nl venting your diHpleusuro ..'is ,-hy writing in an. nbtiHvu inaiinei' about the \ .-Cailiulic .Chiireh, and the version of. the! tenets I hat yiiu'chnose shall bolong to: it. A.ThE.dmuiiiitt_oi.jJiis_Chureb,.nstaughtJ)yL . Hie',' qre rii repugnant to every sincere hiver . iof truth and to. every conscientious .Chris tian, . . . . it is difficult lor an honest -man to siipposu anolher capable of. holding such a perversion ot the simplest truths "of .mnrftlitv.' AVImt are,- these. 'dogma's, that , you thus fall foul of? — that any one .'should iibsentuhimselt: from tho worship/of ; the .Church nt England and regard her teaching as dangerous. und lalso.';- AVhcn you wrote this you must have been fully aware that," -not. to ...mention' others, tlio Dissenters A absent themselves from tho worship of the Chiireh.olJSnglantLandregard her teaching : gq dangerous and false.'. / Pray, why are' ii.it; .all such . persons ns. 'Bood. and conscientious Christians and sincere lovers' of truth ' ns /yourself?' I think when you tnllc- iu 'this wild way vou must have been studying .tho i.sfpB.-.ot' that .ecelesiastical. mountebank in .-lucubrations , fon ..AVesleyaii ministers. .And, further, you:;proeoed 'to, vitupei'utd"tHe" .-Catholic, Church by fastening on it a code of " morals" of your Oiyn invention, and- thou inquire, with !a benignant simplicity and forco, ' whether I nppruro of duplicity and troaeborv being justifiable, anil whethor I- approve of deliberate disobedience to parents, attcuded witli aggravated eircuiiistailcos_qf secrecyrdiiplirity-,-mid-treaeliory-l)oing.justii: fiabio ami inerituriuus : ,a lie coasing.tu boa lie if- ordered by the Church.'. Now, do, yo'n suppose that I or any one else will think for a' moment that you aro asking such' a ques tion 'with a desire fur real , information ? Oh/no I for, having asked it, -no doubt you- will 'pauso Tuv a reply. /For,. hero is tho -grand-tlieinofni'tlio-tVcss.-.Just.shoivwliaL thesq.'-Boiiiish priests ami Jesuits aro .like ; their/knavery and underhand system havo only (io'bo exposed, and even named, in order to be shuwn up ill tlicir true light. ' A .lio coasing to be a lie, if ordered by tlio Churcli; an'di/becoiiiiiig thus jiistifinhle' and even liidriforious.' From reading Dr. AVqrds- wofth, vou, havo passed on to the lateCbarlcs Kingsley. Do you think tliat noiio, of us have heard of tliis-jnuuty aud -sneaking calumniator, who once, in nil unhappy THUllttTTit- for- himselfa-ascribed-aueli— soiiti— meiits to Dr. Newman,. and his fellow -Catholics ? — Gii-that-occasiou-lie-nccuscd- Dr. : Newman of , prdachiug doctriiio that would ; make people become - afi'octcd, arli- ficial, sly, shifty, ready for concealments aiiil equivocation's.' Though" tliis flippant .slan derer 'aftervyards got a Court pension, it vyas almost a pity that Dr. Newman bestowed so iu uclT paiiis"bTi"th(r'ig'5QmiuoUs''ki"C'king7that- ho inllieted upon him. No ; boforo you lisle your unpertiuent question ab o u t: t Ifd Ca t bo"-" lie Church, you had bctter,go . round to tho 'convict '--prisons' of England and ascertain, how many. parsons are, confined in tbeur for forgery;. thofr, and other. criuics ; and after that, after very little exertion, you will nlso discover how many Protestant squires and. gehit IcMcnthcrcnrc-inEnglaiid - \vbo,fronv their misgivings about your colleagues, never" permit one, under any pretext whatever, to pass tliq threshold of their doors, So', also," of vour next, "question, — ' whethor tho voice t" _tie_|)riest is superior to_ the inspired AVord of-Gbd.' I gather tb"atyou'uiro"irdt" in reality,: asking a question/ but that you mean to assert, more or less, tbat tbis is also the doctrine of the Church. Tho phraseo logy, however, seems to bo borrowed from tlio unctuous ciindour of Exoter-luill. Now, the penny. 'Catechism Which I enclose will supply .'you:- with complete and definite in formation,'- so that you .will find that you were totally wrong 'iu supposing' that 'the voice of the priest is superior to tho, inspired AVord ofG-od;' Further, when you inquire vvhethor-'it is n sill tu appeal to the outho- riicd Protestant version of tho Bible,' that allSilopcnds, as ' you must1- know, whether - it - is firstly, a . complete, . and, sccondljv a reljnble version;". Now, if thero -he-any-yast-bu|)pression-of-the-Baered;books, and, il q besides, a number of passages were designedly; translated in a most glaringly false dnd 'eoirrupt . manner: for various base and iniquitous motives, then such a-volumd ia not the sacred Scripture ;. and it would be but /an iusult to the God of Truth, as being'wholly a worthless counterfeit of.His Holy AVord. Whatever your own" opinion -respecting:it,-.there':are:Btilhar:yastxbodyApf. people'iin the, world who declinojo'oking upon' James:!., the Star Chamber, and the corrupt Legislature of'that .he'riod as beiu£r either THfalljbliS- or- asTbSving the least , moral or, intellectual . weight for guaranteeing any translation of. tlio AVord of God. And, therefore, if yonr-.Bible rests only on'such' Mjfjiort/ it would be but telling a lie to the Holy' Ghost to mako tho slightest appeal'; to it;:, However, under tho hands of your Bible BOyisiun Coininittee, whose. mc- mbers belong, to all the sects, the- Dean of AVestminster anclADr. Colenso, tho authority . of your present Protestant version is just on tho eve ofepllapso ; while this couiing one may have : to-a'wai t tho con lirmation of n Privy Council, 'aridiParliaoient presided over by such coming lights as dCenealy, Bradlaugh, and .Odgcr. Tn,.general, I fiiid that you aro aggrioved '.'at the i invasion . of your parental authority,'; which -seems to awaken in you the, oxpecta-; tioifj' th'at the fathers anil mothers in this freo;eouiitry ihiist decide whether they will, submit to the hearts of thoir children, whom God has given thorn, being secretly admitted into a 'Church whoso touching they believe to"- he contrary to tho -.AVord of .God at an' agojwhen those children aro/n'ot dcapablo'of forming, an opinion for, themselves on tho most-important truths.' To bo sure/ 'tho fathers and mothers iu this freo country,' who for- tlieao-l:ist-20.ycara-havoTbecn-turning their children out of doors, locking them lip in prison in their own homes, and disin heriting them,, because,.' even as 'grown-up men nnd women; they only/exercised their liberty in becoming reconciled to tlio Catholic Cliureh. And then, in workhouses and.nll. such institutions,' the wholesale pitiless pirating nwny by force of thousands . of our children, nwny. from ..t hoi r ; pnren ts, " w ho exeerato the seels into which their jitllo onos jir.eli)uiigod i.in.oro_eyeiiithah,hell.;Antl,ias. if we liad all. 'forgotten;, the, grim crusade of Protcsfan tisin in Ireland these 30 years back, going'ivith its counterfeit Bible in tlio. one hand'hnd its .lean, 'soup din tlio other, hud, hoeau'so . that '- Oathoiie . peoplo : ' in thoir libortydb.wo'uld hot desort tlio Cliureh of their heart, dwere left by tons of thousands to perish . by famiue.'. .Botlor a million "times over haid tli'oy.fallcu itito. tlio' hands of Turks or.cahiiibnls, alio 'sucked iin their blond/ thah to liav'o periahed uiider the stark dore- lictiun.of.thcao.last-mvrmidohB.of..a Protca-: taut iipostolato. l.hnvo' now to give you to"" understand/:" in;.; tho' .most.., tinmistaknblo manner thaf/whatever.tlie repnted commiiui-"" eativeiicss of '.the lady, inniatos of parsonages' mny!b'e,T chinbt'onter iiitoaiiy of the details of , tho interviow.sj,bctweeii your soil, and uiysolf, cither foripuhlieatioii ' or 'another purpose. And it .'is . altogether/unheard of for a' priesb to divhlgo to any third party cither tlie quostiohs- of .thoso -whp consult him or , tho advice '.lie may think''p'rojior to give them, w Having said tlius much,; I m.ust assure you that had you written toqme with'-' \- out tbo.uso of oxpreesions sueh.i'as "Idbavb boon discussing, and without such adjectives as ' Bomish,', I . might 'and should . have met you in a like spirit. But, the whole style of your letter reniiuds. me of, that- phrase, of Dr. Newman's, when ho describes Protestants as supposing. that they live aloft in a drawiqg- room, janil there tliroiving. down upon us -Catholics any mud or otlier, missive, as good .enough, indeed, for ns, whom tlioy regard at "he3t"but"ns"beiug-dowiriirtlfbgutter. — AVlfo over it may bo who ossoils/ihy- religion,, or whatever lio may suppose himself to be, will find,' when it is my turn to .Bpoak,. that ho had bolter bo cautious, Bhould bo lavish' upon it ahuso and opprobrious terms. . Finally, in tlio face of. the 1,000 ministors and uiombors "offrtluriwogreaty'D'iiiversitioswho-liavorin- -ripito of tlio groatest earthly sacrifices, left Protestantism' to enter that Church, against which the' gates of ho.ll shall not prevail/ bo not so positive. _ In bight of nll'those ancient churclios and, parishos in'your own county, all whoso steeples and walls proclaim that thev wore built and founded by your Catholic 'forel'iitliersr/paiiso l-lost-oii-tho day-of-judg- mciit tlioy who raised thorn should cajl God to eondomu you, because, in sight, of His olcriiat law, you are. but a usurper in one of. them; — PaUse/l-fop-obstinntely-reBisting- tlic- \- Church of- .the living God, and refusing to outer it, .the sword of God's etornal mn"a; tiun is hanging over your head, aud it requires' but the mnm'ont of icath for. it to, fait upon you and plungo you into that eternal ruin whore there is lio order, where there -is" gnashing of tcoth, whore the worm liovor dies, and whoro the fire is never oxtinguislibd. Limi, llev. Sir, your obedient servant, 