The Situation, Agriculturally Considered. WE may now most probably anticipate a return of that seasonable weather for which we have so long waited in vain, and the farmer may look forward to within another week or two resuming his interrupted labors; but it would be folly ~10 conceal from ourselves that the l<sss to the colony has been much greater than Ake first calculations led us to believe. The long continuance of the wet weather has left the ground in a very unfit condi tion for the plough, and the most that we •can look for is a fair opportunity for get ting in a winter crop, under locally ad vantageous circumstances. The advan tage of draining has never been more clearly shown than by the late wet season. Soils where the surface has been yet unbroken are in many cases so saturated that to open them for any pur pose of trenching or deep ploughing is merely to make a succession of small while on ground that has been effectively drained the surface is firm to the tread, and the process of per colation and drying already go actively -on. It is scarcely questionable that many of our farmers would find it highly pro fitable to run open cliannels through their fields, pending their being able to return to their ordinary routine of work, for the labor expended on this would most surely be repaid by a future saving in the cost of preparing the ground, and by a much more abundant crop. But with all the disadvantages which the late unfavorable season has exposed us to, there is uo reason to suppose the colony itself in otherwise than a pros perous and promising condition. The preceding three or four years have been generally, and iv some cases especially, favorable to the producing interests, and there must be a very large amount of accumulated capital to fall back upon as a stay against the late losses—capital not only in mere monetary savings, but in improvements in stock and implements, and in the greater breadth of laud avail able for working. Produce, whether for export or for home consumption, still main tains remunerative prices, and there is every encouragement to go on with a good heart and steady industry. We have had one disastrous season, but as a rule there is no more experienced here of such trials than there is in the old country. We read in the English papers that the wheat harvest has been poor with but a faint notion of what that means x but the home farmer knows that he must expect a recurrence of that sort of loss, and prepares to recoup it by renewed effort, by judicious cultiva tion and choice of crops, and scorns to sit down, curse the climate, and despair. The truth is, that in very few countries in the world can anything like a perpetual succes sion of good seasons be looked for, and we are quite as well off in that respect as the great majority of human kind. Take the climate all in all it is just as favorable as that of many supposedly favored spots on the globe, and better than the great majority. We have simply to adapt our industry to our circumstances, and may look for as good returns here as are obtainable anywhere else. But it would be idle to infer from this that the state of the public finance is in a sound or prosperous condition. You may have vast wealth of material resource, and of that better wealth which is found in intelligence, and pluck to work it, and both may combine to make labor profitable and trade pros perous, and you may still have want of foresight and great extravagance in the management of the revenue and expendi ture of a country. In some of the South American States there is ease and success to the individual and a sort of chronic bankruptcy in the Governments. In fact, when the general prosperity of a country renders the weight of taxation, though comparatively heavy, actually light, there is always a tendency to forget that a state of things might arise in which the comparative would become the actual. A fall in prices of produce, of our main exports, would produce more disastrous results to the general community than half-a-dozen floods, and it is impossible not to doubt the wisdom of a system which consistently goes on proportioning the expenditure of the colony, not to its actual requirements and with no eye to contingencies that may or may not be remote, but to the extent to which a very prosperous season may enable the "people to bear the weight of taxation. Here a very large portion of our outlay is required for the payment of the interest upon our debt, and hence the un desirably permanent character of our imposts—so that, although capacity to bear may fluctuate, the weight remains the same. We found ourselves precipitated into the ad valorem duties simply because of the reckless extravagance with which the ex penditure of this colony had been carried on. We did not find it easy to get any abatement of them even when an excep tional prosperity had run our revenue up to a point altogether unanticipated, and an appropriation of loan to current income enabled the Government to speculate on a surplus. We don't think it at all likely that there will be the ghost of a surplus for a year or two to come. It is quite probable that there may be a falling off in the revenue, and that the deficiency which appears tolerably certain were that to keep up will be aggravated by the decline. There will be then nothing to be done but to impose more duties or to pay the deficiency out of fresh loans, in volving present or future additional taxes to pay the interest upon them. A time comes when people find the call upon their means, or their earning avocations, such as to materially lessen their power of spending upon taxable commodities — that is the time upon which we are now entering; the colony will be engaged in retrieving losses fer some time to come. Then, while there will be nothing to induce us to question the perma nent stability of our industries, or the activity of our trade, both will pay less to the State income, and the State credit becomes endangered, while individual progress may be in a sound condition. We have had that happen here before to-day—it is happening now, and we shall not be long before we see its development. And all the evils which follow from such circumstances are en tailed upon us because financiers will not consider that taxation like ours, rendered almost permanent by the nature of the obligations entered into, ought to be primarily adjusted, not upon what the people can squeeze out when most prosperous, but upon what the average of condition in a series of years will enable them to pay with ease. That system of finance cannot be accepted as sound which perpetually incurs debt —is ever being driven to the maximum of taxation, and even then has not infrequently to in cur further debt to pay the interest upon the old one. Nor is that system of ad ministration to be admired whose expenses are always in excess of its estimates, and which goes on spending while, on the other side, the revenue which is to supply the means daily grows more unequal to the additional burden. An adjourned meeting of the committee of the East Moreton Farmers' Association was held on Saturday, at the Town Hall, when the fol lowing members were present:—D. C. M'Con nel, Esq., V.P., in the chair; and Messrs. J. Hardgraves, A. Watt, H. H. Payne, T. Harlin, J. Brimblecombe, T. Logan, J. Paten, G. Lam bert, W. Weedon, J. J. Lade, and O. Grimes. The sub-committee, in bringing forward their report, recommended that at the forthcoming ploughing match prizes for digging and trench ing be abolished, and one for the best pair of plough horses be substituted. The report pro posed that there should be a champion, second third, and youths' match at the meeting. For the two former, three prizes to be offered; for the others only two. After deciding that the mode of ploughing in the champion match, with the restriction that it should be at least five inches in depth, should be left to competitors, the report was accepted ; and it was agreed that the meeting should take place on Mr. Irwin's land, near the Ipswich-road, at Oxley, ou the first Wednesday in May next. Mr. Watt reported having visited the locality, and found it eligible in area and position. He also stated it would be available for twenty-two competitors, allowing thirty-two perches to each. A resolution was carried that the Commissioner for Railways should be applied vo for the U3e of a punt to couvey visitors and implements across the river on the day cf the meeting. The fol lowing gentlemen were selected to make arrange ments to carry out the match :—E. Michael, T. Logan, H. H. Payne, J. Hardgraves, G. Grimes, G. Lambert. Judges : Messrs. S. Hardgraves, Mo^gill ; George Free, Warwick ; Archibald Banks, Eight-mile Plains. D. C. M'Connel, Esq., was appointed a delegate to represent the associa tion .it the meetings of the National Agricultural and Industrial Association. A conversation subsequently took place on the Bubject of blend ing the association with that society ; but the general impression seemed to be that, after having been established for so many yean, it could in a great measure continue to act inde pendently of any other society, more especially in connection with ploughing mafrAp^ juad matters of a kindred nature. 