Capture of a Ghost- Hampton wick lias for some tiuio been placed in a state of considerable alarm owing to a series of attacks mado with stones and other missiles, upon the windows of tlio inhabitants doing dam age it is said, to the amount of between £30 and £40, and defying the vigilance of a number of detective police officers on duty nightly for noarly a fortnight. However, they succeeded in capturing, an errand hoy, named Frank Williams, aged 15, employed by one of the princi pal sufferers, in the not of throwing a pebble at liis master's window. He was takon before tho Sunhorry Petty Sessions on Monday, chargod with wil- k fully throwing a pebble against a plate- glass window, and causing damage thereto of tlio value of £1, on the 20th of Soptomher ; - also on suspicion of breaking 15 panes of glass in the shop window of Mr. George Miles, grocer, liis proporty, value £12, between Sep tember 18 and 20, at Park Road. A- Hampton Wick. Messrs. Buckland and Busholl, of Kingston-on-Thames, attended to watcli the caao in tho in-, terest of other sufferers by the damage who resido in the stone-throwing locality, which, through the mysterious occurrence, has been dubbed by some the "haunted village," and by otliors the "dilapidated village," and com mented upon at some length undor tho heading of " Stone-tlirowing Spirits " in the 'Spiritualist of I8th inst. Police Sergt. Wilkes said that on the', 20th instant, about ten minutes to seven o'clock, he was in plain clothes, standing, outsido Mr. Miles's shop, within about two oards from tho doorway in company with Mr. Charles Miles, when tlio pri soner come out of- the shop with a basket on his left arm, containing goods which lie was going to deliver to customers. On stepping on to tho foot path, ho turned to the left, and moved liis right arm sharply as if ;in the act of throwing something. Immediately lie heard tho crash against the window. .glie prisoner put liis busket down on $»flie pavement, ran into the shop, and told his master (Mr. Miles) that another stone had been thrown. Witness followed him in, and accused liim of throwing the stone. Ho denied it, and witness at once senrcliod him, hut did not find any stones. Since the 1st of September up to tho 20th instant, glass had boon broken nightly, and soven of eight detectives had been on .duly ovory night, hut wore unable to detect any one causing the damage until the 20th, sinco which no windows had been broken. Besides the damage done at prosecutor's, windows had been broken at Mr. Christy's, baker ; Mr. Wood's, gToengrocor ; Mr. Towoll's ironmonger ; Mr. Faranco's, fislimongor ; and Mr, Dale's, leather seller, all of High Street Hampton Wick. The prosecutor de posed to the prisonor being in his employ up to tho 20th inst. as Bhopboy, and said that between tho 1st Septem ber nnd that date ho had fifteen squares of glass broken, twelve of which wore of largo plate glass. Ho had been baffled as well as the police in all en deavours to find out by whom tho glass had boon broken. Witness produced about a dozen pebbles, some as large as pigeon's eggs, whioh he had picked up in tho shop, while others had been brought to him by tho prisoner, who said he had picked them up when thrown. The Justices sentenced tho prisoner to ono month's imprisonment with hard labour. 