DROLL SELECTIONS OF NAMES. Mr. Bourohier was for many years accustomed to jot down tho out-of-the-way surnames which came under his notico, in shop windows, in direc tories, in parish registers, and olsowhoro. Ho sontalarge budgot'of them to 'Notos and Querios', and we will mako room for a portion of tho list, by way of sample. In letter A we find Apothe cary and Anciont. B supplies us with Brooks, Bythoway, Barefoot, Bodily, Birehonough, and Birdsoyo. From C wo obtain Curds, Cornfield,' Uanulo, Uakobread, and Uollee. u is represented by Dinnor, Drinkall, and Dainty. E and F givo us Eatwell. Frizzle, Freshwater, Fish, and Food. In G may be found Goosey, GroygoosOj Gosling, Greongrass, Greedy, Gingor, and Garlic. In H aro Honoy, Haddock, Haggis, Horbago, and HogfloBh. J and L Biipply Jolly, Juniper, Lunch, and Lougcade ; while tho noxt three letters of the alphabet furnish Mackerel, Mutton, Mustard, Nice, and Oysters. From P we obtain Pigeon, Pepper, Pepporoorn, Pickles, and Pheasant ; and from R, Ram, -Raw-bone, Rasp berry. In S aro to bo found Swlue, Shoop shanks, Spice, Shanks, Smallhorn, Snipe, and Swoetapplo ; whilo T gives us Tongue, Thirst, and Tart. -Mr. Bourehior's budgot seems to refer to names taken from articles of food rather than to thoso of any other class ; but multitudes of othorsjhavo boon collected, which makes ono inarvol how such namos over camo to bo devised. Moist, Mudd, Boots, Wholobolly, Sunshino, Jabboror, Quiok fall, Vile, Whitlow, Dust, Tattoo, Whaokman, Faddle, Crackle, Reason, tFrizzlo, Cobbledick, Shirt, Savoall, Hatfull — what a strange medley is hero ! Nor are the following loss whimsical : Thoroughkettlo, Shavotail, Hirodam, Forosight, Smalbohynd, Strangeworm, and Catchlovo. A wholo cluster of surnames may bo found bearing/ some rolation to tho period of life when young' people form mutual attachments : liallant, Man hood, and Manlovo ; Virgin, Treasure, Pretty body, Love, Dearlove, Dolight, Eightoen, Lovely, Lovolock, Procious, and Swuotlove ; Walklate, Kindness, Joy, Joalous, Yos, and Kiss j Young husband, Husband, Baby, Littlcchild, and Littlo boy. In a collection of surnames that attracted attention in the United States, wore found Malady, Measles, Pippin, Pipkin, Rhino, Rosin, Rump, Spitfathor, Saucorbox, Spleen, Smock, Sixty, Shaver, Towel, Tags, Taukard, Vixen, Vipor, Winogoar, Wallower, Winternight, Withorup, and Yell. ' Ono of our charming essayists — either Charles Lamb or Leigh Hunt, wo think — was fond of noting the namos and trades written ovor shop windows, or on street doors ; ho found in many a suitability, in others a decided incongruity, between the man and his avocation. Among tho rocordud instances of tho former kind, authen ticated by such superscriptions, by trades direc tories, and by parish registers, we must not re ,fn«o nrfmiRBinn «» -M-- T- -''I W. R....1.,.,. f.W one a shoemaker, and the other a clogmakor, at York. Mr. Pie seemed born to be a pastrycook ; and Mr. Rideout certainly is fitted with a good trade as a livory stable keeper. Mr. — or Mrs. — Picklos sold pickles in a provincial town. Two hosiers have boon namod respectively Mr. Foot and Mr. Stocking ; whilo Mr. Lightfoot would by his very name attract pupils to his roouis as a dancing master. Mr. Pickup was recently an omnibus ownor. Henry Moist bore' a suitable name for a watorman. If, as wo aro told, Mr. Loud and Mr. Thunder wero both of them organists in the samo town at ono time, their names certainly accordod well enough with the double-diapason and the swell to which their professional duties accustomed them. Trond „ ? . n.,A T .. ni- «ha U.illt np ftinm infill flf.farl Wlf.tl IHVlty Ivliu JJllau ULU uubil vyx utiuiii nut. uuuw** ..»-?? an occupation as shoemaker ; and Truolook as a gunsmith. Rod, as many a boy knows, is asso ciated with schoolmasters, and a trades' directory says tho same thing. Halfponny was not a bad name — or rather, it was just half of a good one — for a youth who delivered parcels at a penny each. Tho Church militant was perhaps never moro significantly typified than in tho names of two regimental chaplains belonging to the Federal army in tho lato American Civil War— tho Rov. Mr. Camp and the Rev. Mr. Drum. Dabb among the painters, and Coppor among the copper-plate engravers, are not ill fitted with employments. It has boon not inopportunely pointed out that tho late genial Mark Lemon boro a capital name for tho editor of ' Punch. In reference to those cases in which the man and his trado do not represent the same degree of harmony, thoy aro loss noticed, becauso less curious, and tho stock of them collected iB not so largo. Wo do, however, moot with a Tayer nor who is a butcher, and a Tripe who is a I baker ; and we can see no sufficient roason why Mr.. Virago should bo a seedsman, or a. Mr. Venus a butcher. Latimor and Ridley, in con Biaeration ot weir nisionuiu coiuujhj, '»' '« right to bo boot and shoe makers. Three bag men or commercial travellers, who pnt up at tho same inn at Wisboach, boro tho terribly appro priate nameB of Death, Blood, and Crucifix. Whether Bones and Death are suitable namos for two publicans, tho reader may judge for himself. The Oxford undoi-graduatos, some yoars ago, made merry over the faot that three names over throe shop windows, road in tho order in which they stood, appeared thus— Wiso Parsons Hunt. Sheopwash was tho name fra ther sarcastio, as it may appear to some folks) of a hairdrossor. No doubt the dosed uppers and _l ? „„.!.»._ „„„ nil llin.. nVl/Mll/1 V\\(l Kllf. lirilU does a Nowington bootmaker boar tho name of R-ibbitB? Messrs. Flint and Steel, too, have thought right to follow the samo trade us Mr. Rabbita. Marriages naturally prosent their duo quota of oddly assorted names, Booing that persona owning out-of-the-way namos aro no more in olinod than the rest of tho world to pino in sin gle-bloBseduesB. Henoo wo must not bo very much surprised to loarn that in ono instanoo a Mr. Fudge married n Miss Dodgo j nor that Mr. Teo united himsolf to Miss Kottlo. Two Oatts liad tho tortlino, Olio io murry « mmo iiiun, hi™ othor a Miss Leveret— tho latter a name not far removed from Pussy. Tho selection of Christian or baptismal namos is sometimes fanciful almost boyond credence — showing that pastors or registrars do not always think proper to oxpostulato in tho matter. At tho last Unitod States Census, a rocord was obtainod of the fathor of a family who had namod his fivo children Imprimis, Finis, Appon dix, Addendum, and Erratum— tho last an unfortunate name for tho youngster to boar ; had there boon a nixth child, porhaps ho woult have boon Supplement. A family, acquainted with tho names mentioned in tho Old Tostumoiit, selocted for throe danghtora tho designations VaBhti, Delilah, and Koziah. A conplo in humble lifo, boaring tho surnaino of Nowton, on being told that there was onoo an illustrious man of tho Bamo name, had their son baptized Sir Ia.\ac, Woa.tthy und Noptuuo are to bo found among the baptismal names in one and tho samo parish rogiBtor. During tho Crimean War, when the battle of Alma Was among tho topics of tho clay, the name (boing in itsolf pretty and fomi nino) was much adopted for girls who mado thoir first appoaianco in this world about that time ; thore aro many Almas in West of England families. Not infroquontly, tho Christian (or baptismal namo and the surname are aliko blzarro, or olse thoir juxtaposition gives an oddity to them which thoy would not have in so marked a degree sopa ratoly. A. farmer living at Hnntiimdon in tho | timo of Charles I. was named January May j his surname was May, and in nil probability ho was born in. tho month of January. A combination of throe namos has boon noticed,.- every ono of which is ordinarily pronouncod in a mannor vory difforent from that which the spellinij would naturally suggest— namely ,'BoauchanipTIrqiiliiirt Oololough. A. clerk In an iron^work in' South Walos, who officiated on Sundays' as a local preacher among the Primitive Methodists, horo the two names, baptismal and surname), of Rivor Jordan. A similar rovoronco and liking for Scriptural words and phrases doubtless lnd to fclie association of two commonplace surnames with baptismal nppellafcioiiH of a highly' religious ohar aoter— God's Gift Jones and Rich-in- Peaco Smith. C Hozokiah Hallowbroad and.Doudman Wolladvise are sufficiently odd combinations of baptismal name and surnamo'; but thoy are ex ceeded in this roBpoot by Dangorf nil Pitcher and Grand Riches : wHlo Easterly Rains seems to denote that Mrs. Rains had a baby at a timo when easterly winds wero blowing. Prpservod Fish was tho namo givon to a boy who lived to biscomo a well-to-do morchant. Thoro iB, or was, ai Roturn Jonathan Moggs; whoso almost inox plicable name is Baid to have originated thus : — A young man namod Moggs wooed a inaidon who, one doleful day, dismissod him forever; as he was in Badness passing out at tho garden gate, she thought bettor of it, and, oponing tho win dow, said :—' Roturn, Jonathan Moggs.' Ho did roturn ; thoy were married ; and thoir first born, to porpetnate tho rocolloction of tho happy event, recoived tho name of Return Jonathan Meggs. — ' Chambers.' Me. MiTOHEii's Newspaper. — As a specimen of the lato Mr. Mitchel's nowspapor literary* stylo, tho following may bo quoted from his paper, ' Unitod Irishmen,' April, 1848. It was in tho form of a letter to ' His Excellency the Earl of Clarendon, pier Majesty's Dotootivo General, High Commissioner of Spios, and Gonoral Suborner of Ireland': — ' As forme, my lord, you have been told that I am mad, a xlangorous lunatic, 'labouring undor cacoethea seriliendi. Do not believe it. I am merolv poBsossed with a rebellious spirit, and I think I have a mission, to boar a hand in tho final doB truction of the bloody old British Empire, tho greedy carnivorous old monster that has lain so long liko a load upon tho hoart and limbs of Eng land, and drank the blood and sucked the mar row' from tho bones of Ireland. Against that empire of hell a thousand thousand ghosts of my slaughtered countrymen shriok nightly for von gcanco, vongeanoo ! To help this grand work of necessity and mercy is my highost ambition on oarth ; and 1 know no bettor way to do it than io make Ireland armod for battle. So bb it. It is a grateful and bloBSod sound this cry. ? ' The peoplo are arming,' Thank God, they aro arm iiig ! Young mon everywhere in Ireland begin tb love tho eloar glancing of the steel, and to cherish their dainty rifles as the very applo of thoir eyes. I oxpuot no jusUco, no courtesy, no indulgence from you ; and if you got mo with in your power, I ontroat you to' show me no mercy, as I, so help mo God, would show none *' Painless Application ot heat.-a bul....... has lately -published' tho 'results of experiments triod by him which havo proved to his satisfac tion that the application of a whito-hot iron to the body is absolutely painless, while whon only rod-hot it is an oxtromoly painful operation. Whon operating with a rod-hot iron on men their screaming was toartui, wnoreiw waou ™ ' ' waB white-hot not a murmur was hoard. W non ho oporatod on a horse with a whito-hot iron tho animal seemed scarcely to bo aware of what ho was doing. Ass EA.TBN by Rats.— Aii ass belonging to a man named Thomas Nowton, of Dorwent Coto, noar Cbnsett, has boon dovourod in a most extra ordinary manner by rats. Tho animal was kept in an outbuilding infested by theso creatures, and during tho night Newton hoard an unusual noise. On going into the stab lo with a lantern he found a largo number of rats clinging to the poor donkey, which was then almost dead, the flesh on the back from tho nock to tho tail having boon completely devoured. , Mksshs. Moody and Sankky.— Tho Revival icm ,»f Muaovu Mnnilv ftud Sankev has sovoral marked peculiarities of its own typo. More than any other it has brought into marvellous activity the servino of sacred song, and tho musical gifts of Mr. Sankey have gono far to achieve succoss in such a service. More- than any other typo of Revivalism, it has discouraged and discountenanced physical excitement, and that utter prostration of body and spirit which formed so characteristic a feature of tho Ulstor Revival of 1859. More than any other Revival proachors, in truth wo may say alone amongst Revivalist preaohors, Mr. Moody has proved himself to bo 'all things to all men, m his many moods to win souls to Christ. For this solo object ho handles all the weapons of skill and warfare in words. Argument, uauru, »iu ridicule, and laughter provoking fun and frojio, tho homeliest of illustrations, the most daring paradoxes, as well as the tendoroBt of pathos, and the most terriblo of invective, are used unsparingly, as occasion suits, to drivo homo and to clench the nail of conviotion by this most successful proachor, who, whatever bo tho real result and character of his spiritual work, works, wo believe, singly and honostly for the glory of his God and tho good of his fellow-men.— 'Graphic' . . ... ?, ., Pouk Galore.— Lovors of pork will read tho following glowing account with somo interest :_ — On 8atnrday afternoon a grand mob of pigs passod through Boga on the way to the slaught ering yards at Warragubra. The mob mustorod about 1000 strong, with soarooly an infonor animal in the lot. It was a sight to boromomborod to boo that dense moving herd, most of thorn rolling fat, and, as some ono romarkod, it was tho most valuable drovo that has ovor passod through tho town. Taking thorn at tho low avorago of £3 10a. per hoad, tho thousand repre sontB°£3r)flO, equal in valuo to 700 hoad of cattlu at £5 per head. Mr. Allan informs us that ho will use a patent steam apparatus for trying out tho larcl this soaBon. With this arrangement thodangorof 'burning' is obviated, ? _» lnHrl nA« t*n »Af fi*/Mti flin r\inr: ftnfi ft. nltrO moro uvru ujhi no jjui» uui« u*i« !?**&» «??-? — i — - Crst-olasB article is turned out which is cortam to command tho highest market rates.' SuproaT op Charites.— Tho 'Lytrolton Times' advooates that all oharitablo institutions should be supported by a proporty tax. Our contomporary says :— ' Wo are willing to believe that tho praotical philanthropy of man inoroasos with his woalth, At least it ought to do ; and it should bo takon for granted that it doos. ' Mbaslbs-Towu-.— One of tho townships which havo lately sprung Into oxiatenco at tho Tairoa goldliolds (Auckland) has boon namod Moaslos town. Tho 'Thames Advertiser' thinks ' it would be a public service if the enlightened inhabitants would aas ml-lo and re-christen the place boforo it is too lato.' The apostolic Moody and Sankey aro boliovod to bo realising nt tho rate of £8000 a-yoar by thoir labors amongst ainnora, , Virtuo is its own rowavd ! Tun Sydney Oommuiioial Oiuhis. — Tho ' Horald' says :— TIub week has1 oommencod, as tho previous ono onded, with tho most rookless rumours affooting almost ovory person conneoted with tho cominerco of this city. Namos aro inoiitionod without tho slightoBt regard to truth, and onco moutioned pass from mouth to mouth. In this way, and especially on occasions liko the present, an infinite amount of mischief 1» done, credit is shakon, ami stoppage iiro brought about that had it not been for the slanders cir culated would not havo occurred. This playing with couimurcial reputations is a dangerous thing in any community— particularly so hi a small one like ours, and ought . to be put a stop tn, HniiBUB in an strong a position us , any in Aus tralia have.beim spoken about without a parliolu of cause, sii far as w,o can ascertain. . It, ia prolty ^euurally known that three lirnm or four puraous in tho wheat and Hour tradu have lout hoarily, but havu.uot yet callud thoir creditors togotluir, and in fact inay not have to do ho. Sninu small traders, whoso positions havo boen hiwl for hoiiui timo, may take advantage of tho misfortunes of largo hoiiaus, and oscapo' their liabilities uaaily in the smoke that has boon created, but as fur thu legitiinatotrado of the colony, and the old estab lished firms enuaged therein, wo still believe both to bo essentially sound. Some rouiarks have appeared in a Mulbourne contemporary about wrong impressions regarding the soundness of trado in Sydney. No doubt two Melbourne: houuus have lost by several of tho late stoppages,' but thoy had only theiniielvos to blame for it. Attention was callud some time back to tho ruck loss way goods from that city were forced on this market at prices below what our importers would sell at, and if rocout lossus have tho ujfuct of stop ping such a course in future thu lusson of thu past will not be devoid of soina beneficial results to thoso rogularly eiigagud' iii trade hero who know tho markot and thpir customers. Misquotation.— At; a rocent ; meeting of the Dnuedin City Council, the Mayor had occasion to remark with regard to one member that he was 'straining at a gnat and swallowing a camel.' This scriptural phrnso' being unknown or unromomborud by. thu person to whom it was made to apply, he indignantly donied that ' hr strained at a door-mat or swallowod a candle.' ExeoutionMemkntoes. — The 'Timani Herald' is responsible for tho following: — ' We havo boen informed on good authority that, at the exeoution of.Morcor, a disgusting practice, long since put a stop to in all docontly conducted gaols, was rovivod, tho rope used for hanging the mur doror being cut in pieces by the bystanders, by way of securing a memento of the exciting ovout, and a moinbor of tho dotoctivo force Bet ting tho example. It is bad ououi'h to havo parsons potting a cut-hroat, or reporters furnish ing dotai Is of his appearaiice 6r comportmont ; ' but, it is going a littlo too far to have ronewod ?' at this stage of civilisation tho demoralising ' usagos of the ago'of Jonathan Wild.' ? ' Hibernian Benefit Society.— It was statod -j at the oponing of a now lodge of tho H.A.O.B.S. ^ at Lyttolton, tho other day, that there wore at |, present about a hundred branches established in f, the Australian colonies. Of thoso Now Zealand ., contributed twenty-two, which n amber would ,] rapidly increase In tho course of time. ' Tho ... various branchos at tho present timo con- [ tained ovor fivo thousand members, and have, „ independent of furuituro, goods, -&c;, a credit , of ovor £14,000 cash. { Baldness. — 'M or N' Bays in tho 'Sketcher': r — According to tho generally-roceivod belief on tl the Bubjoct of hair, men should keep theirs for n a much longer time than women, because thoy 1 keep it so much shorter. That keeping hair c short tonds to keep it from falling out is appar- i aisfa'briflB'6\W1'mnm^1'W.f'11lfl:efl 'MvV- -gcriro-dtl a gradually reduoiug thu length of thoir hair till' t the fashionable barbers leave no more on tho I head after an operation than there is on a well- i dovelopod eyebrow ; but in spite of this thoro - are fow mon turned 30 who don't dovelope a I woedinoHB about the tops of thoir heads, which f at 40 usually spreads into a bald patch the size ( of the palm of a hand. Oue hardly evor sees ; bald- headud women, and this notwithstanding that thoy wear their hair long, twist, plait, - papur, and torture it into all sorts of fantastio i shapes, and weave into it thoso curious masses i of matter called pads. I have throe theories by i which to account for men getting bald boforo women. First, the ill- voutilated,hot, and heavy chimney-pot hats that men wear on their heads. Bad as women's pacU aro in a sauitary point of view, the belltopper is worse, I imagine, for the growth of hair. Second, the cares of busi ness, which shako the fow last sad grey hairs of mon. Havo women ovor considered the ques tion 'of baldness in connection with thoir demand to bo allowed to do our work 1 MoBt of thoin, I fancy, would prefer their hair 10 tiiuir riguut. Third, that tho hair of the hoad in men runs off into beard and whiskers on the face. This dis turbing olemout being altogether wanting in tho fair box, prevents ono from making a comparison, but it is a least at singular coincidence that mon don't commence to got- bald till the hair on their faces begins to grow. Wo have the faot of the baldness of man before us, and I have endea voured to account for it in throe difforent ways. If any one can give a bettor explanation than belltoppers, business, or beards, I will bb glad to hear it. Ouiuous Advertisements. — Of curious and eccentric advoitisoia nits, so much has beou writ a. ? ..i ,11 [PnHm* (? *?- i.mo in A i(Vai*mif: Tl.tiiHPH til [it Lull Hu UUiOiUJlu uliiiwo *»* uiww*wii» ^..^w-— - — - tho appetite of the public is likoly to bo a little 1 cloyed. Still, a few specimens may be tole- i rated. One smiles to see a reward offered for restoration of a keyless lady's gold watoh, or a green lady's umbrella ; but, after all, the sense ib so plain that it requires a wilful misconception to create the smallest modioum of fun. It re quires loss effort to laugh at a husband with a Roman nose having strong religious tondenoies. When a spinster, particularly fond of ohildron, Informs the publio that she wishes for two\or throo, having none of her own, one cannot holp smiling at the spinster's own guileless simplicity which prevented her from notioing that her language was likely to be wilfully porvorted by tho malicious. An advertiser who ' wants a young man to look after ahorse of the Methodist persuasion' simply places the cart boforo the horse It is not improbable that tho chemist whon ho requested that the gentleman who loft his stomaoh for analysis would pleaao call and cot it, togother with the result, was himsolf a wa«, and know perfectly woll what ho was about. There is something very droll about tho confu sion oxhibitod by tho advertiser who, having mado an advantageous purchase,, offers for salo on very low torms about six dozen of prune port wine, lato the proporty of a gentleman forty years of age, full iu the body and of a high bou quot.' Nor is it easy to prosorvo -m. Bi«.v«.r ontiroly when wo road : 'To bo sold cheap, a splendid grey horso, calculated for a charger, or would carry a lady with a switch tail.' That lady ought oortainly to mako tho acquaintance of tho owner of a mail-phaeton; tho proporty of a gentleman with a movable hoad, as good as now. It is doubtful what was meant by tho governess who advertised that, amongst other accomplish ments, sho was purfeot mistress of hor own toimuo : thore is an interpretation which should havo secured her an offer of something butter than a situation as (xovornoss. If we laugh, wo must dooply sympathise with the wealthy widow who advortised for an agent,, but by a printer i error was represented as requiring 'agont, and was, consequently, inundated with applications by lettor and pustored by personal attentions. An American paper states that Brigham Young is bottor ; ho can sit up and got married occasionally, The Outiiaoe on the Quisen.— The youth who prosontud a pistol at tho Quuoii on tho oo-'* casion of the publio thanksgiving on the roco vory of tho Prince of Wales is again at largo. It will bo romomborod that ho was sontonod _ to twolvo months' imprisonment and to rocoivo twolvo strokes with a birch rod. It appears, however, that tho suntuncu was remitted, and ho was provided with an outfit for tho colonies. t ; At tho ond of tih« year ho rusignnil acoinfortablo' ? situation and has returned to England. . The, authorities of Scotland Yard have tlioir oyos on him. ? ?; ? ? ? ? ? .-??.- ?? ?:,- : - - ? Tub Chinkhb.—' Can't tho Chinese bo trained to eat grasshoppers'/' is thu question that agonises ono part of the gruat WuHt j whilo ano ther is rlvdn'witli anguish ovur tho groutiinqniry, .; 'Can't they train gnisslioppors to eat the Ohi iiobu I'— rAmurican Paper. '. .' ?''',; |T»n Giikat Soaniiai,.— As tlio facts pertaining to thci Boiichur-Tiltiin scandal are hiring gradually developed by ' tho.. efforts 'of the oOunsel eiigagod-j in tho casb,' thu interest 'felt 'by tho public iii the matter becomes strongbr aiid more- pronounced; Especially in Brooklyn Is this tho cast1,' whore '???'' friendships of '.lrtng diitvitiiiii havo b'uoii broken and'/iiiarringu.' engagements sundorod,: owing to ' difforoncos of 'opinion' 'regarding tho affair. Mon having not thu slightest previous acqiialntatici) with oach othor,' on hearing an opinion, publicly exprosod, either shako hands with tho warmth of old friends or quarrel, with tlioacorhityof enemies. If any question the truth of the statement, he has only to visit a-large drinking saloon in Ful ton-strout kept by Mr. Slano. Bohind the bar is hung .a large placard,. ?' No 'discussion about tho Boochur-Tilton trial is allowed in this estab lishment.' Two strangers began arguing tho merits of tho caso. One was -a pronounced advocate of Bueoher, the othor a firm boliovor in Tilton. The discussion' bocaino warm, and finally the Bouohor man, catching up_ a largo ice-pitcher standing on the bar, throw'it at tho head of his opponent. His aim was not as firm as his intention, and the missile, flying wide of its mark, demolished' a pier glass worth $100. The noxt morning Mr. Slano hung-up the plac ard. His example has boon followed by many othor saloon-keepers.— ' Anglo-American Times.' Tub Lath OAiin.SuANrnAL.— The ' World' des cribes in detail the exploits of Major Harbord, at Nice, in thu «amo of baccarat — tho waitersat :-. tho Club had called the attention of -the Com- , initteo to tho fact that night after . night the nuinbot of cards handed -to tho players' had miraculously incruasod at the close of the gainu. An this remarkable phenomenon had begun to manifest itsolf fit the precise period whon the Major bucamo a moinbor of the club, and as his., winnings' had 'huu'ii .considerable, it was dotor iiinod to watoii mm. uno evening on ius ar- , ival ho- offered to ' kuep tho bank.' Throe i J oalud packs of cards were haudod to him. Hav- || iig op'onod and shnfiiud 'them, 'he. commenced to M lual. For some' timo ho lost and won alternately ' g! intil only livu cards ruiiiainod in his hand. « L'hoso ho put down on the table, and observing |{ hat ho would increase the amount of inonoy in || lis 'bank, drow from his pockjt a sin-ill port- || olio, which, with apparent Inadvertence/ ho j[| )ut upon tho top of his cards, opened it, and if. IrawiiiK out some bank notos, closod it and' rt-- || -lacod it iii his pockot. Tho live cards had ia 'm ho moautimo'bocome 25; for with tho portfolio, jlj mil ooncealod uudur.it', he had drawn' from his j|f iiickot 20 cards. The game thun cuutinuod : j|j -ut boforo long all tliu players rose up and ijjj ?efnsoil .to play any longer. Tho Major ad- !-j Iresaod the Bevural persons, but was ' cut' by .?]' ill of them ; and tho cominitoe met and desired ;^[ lim to luavo the club, on tho ground that ho had ? j: shuated at cards. They had previously sub- -H nitted tho matter to English gentlemen who M iiiame . anrt rogret 'gave ' tiiuir -vVrUiub*- Hgaiiisi, ]'; j ;hoir conntryman.' It is further statod that i,| ooforo thu Major waB dotuctod ho had won (?\ E2000; and aftur detection 'actually had the |5 Bffrontery U- send a friend -to tho club to claim a ..,; lurther £300 which ho had won, and which was rj jtill duo to him. Tho committee declined to ac- ;j code to his modest demand, and distributed tho ;j £300 amongst tho poor of tho town. . ;i- An Exrmim.ahy Hokhk Cause.— Sir R. Car- -;: den mado a good example on Saturday of a man . ,! I in respectable circumstances' who was convicted ijij of cruelly ill-treating a horse. Of course' tho .;., original chargo was against the drivor, but Sir ??_, Robert discharged the driver, and put hun into M tho witnosB-box against his master. Tho horso H was very lame, and on examining it tho police , ;j found the near fetlock shot over and the joint ?; injured. The drivor said ho was afraid to drivo -- it, but snpposod that if ho did not his muster ;;': would discharge him. Tlio ownor somewhat . .j. loftily pleaded that ho know nothing about the ,- horse, as ho left horses to tho caro of tho vuturi- ;;. nary surgeon. Tho veterinary surgeon said tho J horsu was not fit to go out of thu Btablo. Sir R. i Garden sentenced tho defendant to fourteen j days' imprisonment with hard labor, without tho . option of paying a fine. ' Respectable' mon do :: not mind fines, but strongly objoot to prison. ; AfowcaBes of this kind will save tho noblur . ;: brutes much sufforing.—' Standard.' ; \ Alaiimino Nbwh fob the Telbouaph Olehk —Telegraph clerks will hoar with alarm of tolo- ?; graph paralysis, a new malady reported by a ; French physician to tho Acaddmio doa Sciencus. ; An employb, who had been employed in a tele- ?- graph ofneo for nine years, tho ' Graphio says, ;! found that ho could not form clearly tho letter . U represented by two dots and a stroke ; I, by two dots ; and S, by threo dots. On trying to ; trace the letter his hand became still and cramped. He thon endeavoured to uso his thumb alono, and this succeeded for two years, when hiB thumb was similarly attacked, and ho subsequently triod thu first and second fiiigors, but in two months theso wore also paralysod. Finally, ho had recourse- to the wrist, which also shortly became paralysod. If ho. forced himsolf to uso his hand, both hand and arm shook vio lently and cerebral excitement ensued. It ap pears that this disorder is common amongst telegraph clerks. ? The London Revival.— The revivalists, th« Rov. Mr. Moody and Mr. Sankey, have mado arrangements for a 'run' of six moiitliB in London. Thoir most roma-rkahio characteristic ib industry. Thuy got through a groat deal of work in a systematic way, and thoro ib m thoir movements nu appoamnou- of system. Still, it was ovidont that tho demands on thoir timo watt so great that thuy must break down or got holp. rho hulp has couiu, and the Rov. Mr. Taylor, of California, woll known oh a revivalist in Austra lia, sharuB in thoir labors. Their succoss in London is great, but relatively to the masa of tho population it is Binall compared with their huccobb elsewhere. This was only what might have boon oxpoctod. London cannot be attaokod as a wholo. It must be takon by sap not by assault. Aftor converting Islington,- tho suinors i if Lamboth must be looked after, and so on until tho whole metropolis shall bo reclaimed. Tho labors of Horcules did not includo such a took as this. Tho Princoss of Wales rocontly attonded ono of the services. Mi.vino Entekfuisb.— The ruling passion was recently strong at a certain mining township, if not in doath, at luast iu burial. A boreaved husband followed to the coraetory tho romains of his lato wife. After tho other mournors had retired, tho unfortunate follow was loft alono at tho «rave with his lonolinuss and his sorrow. When the last man had loft, he aroused himsolf from his luthan y, bo-rowoil auinu t.,ols from one nf the attundan s, and markod out a claim just, outside tho coi, otory fonoo. Tho operations of the s'oxton had revealed a likely-looking spur, and the diBCOiiPo'atn wi-low- i»»n«mi« -Mmt ho ii in a fair way of making a fortuno through tho discovery 'of a row roof. 