T H E D B A S S B C & 8 T , BOOK VI. CHAPTER III. (CONTINUED). THE BTOIIY OP THE PAST. BY WILKIE COLLINS. » The -simple words drew the picture of the miner's death, and of all that followed it, with a startling distinctness—with a fearful reality. Rosamond shuddered and looked at kor husband. " Oh, Lenny !" she murmured, " the first news of your blindness was a sore trial to me—but what was it to this!" " Pity her!" said the old man. " Pity her for what sho suffered then! Pity her for what camc after, that was worse! Yet five, six, sovon weeks pass, after the death of the miniiigrnan, and Sarah, in the body suffers less, but in the mind suffers more. The mistress, who is kind and good to her as any sister could be, finds out, little by little, something in her face which is not the pain- look, nor the fright-look, nor the grief-look; something which the eyes can see, but which the tongue cannot put into words. Sho looks and thinks, looks and thinks, till there steals into her mind a doubt which makes her tremble at herself, which drives her straight forward into Sarah's room, which sets her eyes searching through and through Sarah to her inmost heart. ' There is something on your mind besides your grief for the dead and gone,' she says, and catches Sarah by both the arms before she can turn away, and looks her in the face, front, with curious eyes that search and suspect steadily. 'The miner-man, Polwheal,' She says ; ' my mind misgives me about the miner-man, Polwheal. Sarah ! I liave been more friend to you than mistress. As your friend I ask you, now—tell me all the truth i' The question waits j but no word of answer! only Sarah struggles to get away, and the mistress holds her tighter yet, and goes on and says,' I know that the marriage-promise passed between you and miner Polwheal: I know that if ever there was truth in man, there was truth in him; I know that he went out from this place to put the banns up, for you and for him, in the church. Have secrets from all the world besides, Sarah, but have none from me. Tell me, this minute, tell me the truth! Of all the lost creatures in this big, wide world, are you— V Before she can say the words that axe next to come, Sarah fells on her knees, and cries out suddenly to be let go away to hide and die, and be heard of no more. That was all tho answer she gave. It was enough for the truth then; it is enough for tho truth now." He sighed bitterly, and ceased speaking for a little while. No voice broke the reverent silence that followed his last words. The one living sound that stirred in tho stillness of the room, was the light breathing of the child as he lay asleep in his mother's arms. " That was all the answer," repeated the old man, "and the mistress who heard it says nothing for some time after, but etill looks straight forward into Sarah's face, and grows paler and paler the longer she looks—paler and paler, till on a sudden she starts, and at one flash the red fliesback into her face. 'No,' she says, whispering and looking at the door, ' once your friend, Sarah, always your friend. Stay in this house, keep your own counsel, do as I bid you, and leave the rest to me.' And with that she turns round quick on her heel and falls to walking up and down the room,— faster, faster, fester, till she is out of breath. Then she pulls tho bell with an angry jerk, and calls out loud at the door. «The horses! I want to ride ;' then turns upon Sarah,' My gown for riding in ! Pluck up your heart, poor creature! On my life and honour I will save you. My gown, my gown, then; I am mad for a gallop in the open air!' And she goes out, in a fever of tho blood, and gallops, gallops, till tho horse reeks again, and the groom-man who rides after her wonders if sho is mad. When sho comes back, for all that ride in the air, sho is not tired. The whole evening after, she is now walking about the room, and now striking loud tunes all mixed up together on the piano. At the bed-time she cannot rest. Twice, three times in the g night she frightens Sarah by coming in to see m how she does, and by saying always those g same words over again, 'Keep your own c conusel, do as I bid you, and leave the rest __ me.' In tho morning, she lies late, sleeps, gets up very pale and quiet, and says to Sarah, ' No word more between us two of what happened yesterday—no word till the time comes when you fear the eyes of every stranger who looks at you. Then I shall sp6akagain. """"" that time let us bo as .we wore before I the question yesterday, and before you told the,truth!"' , . At ;this point ho broke tho tlxread of narrative Qgain, explaining as lie did so, that fiis 3»eu)pry ( wasgrowing confused nhbut. a question of time, which ho wiBliod to state correctly in introducing the series of events that wore next to be described. "Ah, well! well 1" he said, shaking his head, after vainly endeavouring to pursue the lost recollection. " For once, I must acknowledge that I forget. Whether it was two months, or whether it was three, after the mistress said those last words to Sarah, I know not—but at the end of the one time, or of the other, she, one morning, orders her carriage and goes away alone to Truro. In the even- ing she comes back with two large, flat baskets. On the cover of the one there is a card, and written on it are the letters ' S. L.' On the cover of the other there is a card, and written on it are the letters ' R. T.' The baskets are taken into the mistress's room, and Sarah is called, and the mistress says to her, 'Open the basket with S. L. on it; for those are tho letters of your name, and the things in it are yours.' Inside, there is first a box, which holds a grand Ijonnet of black lace; then, a fine, dark shawl; then black silk of the best kind, enough to make a gown; then linen and stuff for the under garments, all of the finest sort. «Make up those things to fit yourself,' says the mistress. * You are so much littler than I, that to make the things up, new, is less trouble, than from my fit to yours, to alter old gowns.' Sarah, to all this says in astonishment, 1 Why And the mistress answers,' I will have no questions. Remember what I said; keep your own counsel and leave the rest to me!' So sho goes out; and the next thing she does is to send for the doctor to see her. Ho asks what is the matter; gets for an answer that Mistress Troverton feels strangely, and not like herself; also that she thinks the soft air of Cornwall makes her weak. The days pass, and the doctor comes and goes, and, say what he may, those two answers are always the only two that he can get. All this time, Sarah is at work; and when she has done, the mistress says,' Now for the other basket, with R. T. on it; for those ate the letters of my name, and the things in it are mine.' Inside this, there is first a box which holds a common bonnet of black straw; then a coarse dark shawl; then a gown of good common black stuff; then liaen, and other things for the under garments, that are only of the sort called second best. ' Make up all that rubbish says the mistress,' to fit me. No questions! You have always done as I told yon; do as I tell you now, or you are a lost woman.' When the rubbish is made up, she tries it on, and looks in the glass, and laughs in a way that is wild and desperate to hear. * Do I make a fine, buxom, comely servant-woman f die says. Ha ! bnt I have acted that part times enough in my past days on the theatre-scene.' And then she takes off the clothes again, and bids Sarah pack them up at once in one trunk, and pack the things she had made for herself in another. ' The doctor orders me to go away out of this damp, soft Cornwall climate, to where the air is fresh, and dry, and cheerfulkeen !' she says, and laughs again, till the room rings with it. At the same time, Sarah begins to pack, and takes some knick-knack things off the table, and amjng them a brooch which has on it the likeness of the sea-captain's face. The mistress sees her, turns white in the cheeks, trembles all over, snatches the brooch away, and locks it up in the cabinet in a great hurry, as if the look of it frightened her. " I shall leave that behind me,' she eavs, and turns round on her heel, and goes quickly out of the room. You guess now, what the thing was that Mistress Treverton had it in her mind to do ?" He addressed the question to Rosamond first, and then repeated it to Leonard. They both auswered in the affirmative, and entreated him to go on. " You guess I" he 6aid. " It is more than Sarah, at that time, could do. What with the misery in her own mind, and the strange ways and strange words of her mistress, tho wits that were in her were all confused. Nevertheless, what her mistress lias said to her, that she has always done : and together alone those two from the house of Porthgenna drive away. Not a word says tho mistress till they have got to the journey's end for the first day, and are stopping at their inn among strangers for the night. Then at last she speaks out, ' Put you on, Sarah, the good linen and the good own to-morrow,' sho says, < but keop the common bonnet and tho common shawl, till we into the carriage again. I shall put on the linen and tho coarse gown, and keep the good bonnet and shawl. We shall pass so tho people at the inn, on our way to the carriage, without very much risk of surprising them by our change of gowns. When we are out on tho road agaiu, wo can chauge bonnets dud shawls in the carriage-^and then; it is all donfc You are tho married lady, Mrs. Treverton, aud I am your maid who waits on you, Sarah Leeson.' At that, ; the glimmering on Sarah's mind breaks in at last; she shakes with the fright it gives her, and all she «an say is,' Oh mistress! for tho love of Heaven^ what is it yoii mean to doi' *l takn,' <the>tiiifitre& answers, «to save you, my faithful servant, frtmdisgraoe and rain; to prevent every penny that the captain has got from going to that rascal-monster, hie brother, who slauderod me; and, last at most, I moan to keep my husband from going away to sea again, by making him love me as he has never loved me yet. Must I say more, you poor, afflicted, frightened creature—or is it enough so!' And all that Sarah can answer, is to cry bitter tears, and to say faintly,«No.' «Do you doubt,' says the mistress, and grips her by the arm, and looks her close in the face with fierceeyes—' Do you doubt which is best, to cast yourself into the world forsaken, and disgraced, and ruined, or to save yourself from shame, and make a Mend of mo for the rest of your life 1 You weak wavering, baby-woman, if you canuofc decide for yourself; I shall for you. As I will, so it shall be! To-morrow, end the day after, and the day after that, we go on and on, up to the north, where my good fool of a doctor says the air is cheerful-keen—up to the north, where nobody knows me or has heard my name. I, the maid, shall spread the report that you, the lady, are weak in your health. No strangers shall you see, but the doctor and the nurse, when the time to call them comes, who they may be, I know not; but this I do know, that the one and the other will serve our purpose without the least suspiciou of what it is; and that when we get back to Cornwall again, the secret between us two will to no third person have been trusted, and will remain a Dead Secret to the end of the world!' With all the strength of the strong will that is in her, at the hush of night and in a house of strangers, she speaks those words to the woinau of all women the most frightened, the most afflicted, themost helpless, the most ashamed. What need to say the end i On that uight Saiali first stooped her shoulders to the burthen that has weighed heavier and heavier on them with every year, for all her after-life." " How many days did they travel towards the north I" asked Rosamond, eagerly. " Where did the journey end t In England or in Scotland 2" "In England," answered Uncle Joseph. " But the name of the place escapes my foreign tongue It was a little town by the side of the sea—the great sea that washes between my country and yours. There they stopped, and there they waited till the time came to send for the doctor and the nurse. And as Mistress Treverton has said it should be, so from the first to the last, it was. The doctor and the nurse, and the people, of the house were all strangers; and to this day, if they still live, they believe that Sarah was the seacaptain's wife, and that Mistress Treverton was the maid who waited on her. Kot till they were far back on their way home with the child, did the two change gowns again, and return each to her proper place. The first friend at Porthgcnna that the mistress sends for to show the qjiild to, when she gets back, is the doctor who lives there. "Did you think what was the matter with me, when you sent me away to chauge the air?' she says, and lauglis. And the doctor he laughs too, and says, 'Yes, surely; but I was too cunuing to say what I thought in those early days, because, at such times, there is always fear of a mistake. And you found the fiue dry air so good for you that you stopped!' he says. ' Well, that was right! tight for yourself and right also for the child.' Ajid the doctor lauglis again and the mistress with liim, and Sarah, who stands by and hears them, fools as if her heart would burst within her, with the horror and the misery, and the shame of that deceit. When the doctor's back is turned, she goes down on her knees, and begs and prays with all her soul that the tnisti«ss will repent, and send her away with her cliild, to be heard of at Portligeuna no more. The mistress, with that tyrant- will of licrs, lias but four words of answer to give:— ' It is too late 3' Five weeks after, the seacaptain conies back aud the 'Too late is a truth that no repentance can ever alter more. The mistress's cunning haud that has guided the deceit from the first, guides it always to the last:—guides it so that the captain, for the love of her and of the child, goes back to. the sea no more—guides it till the time when she lays her down on the bed to die, aud leaves all the burden of the secret, and all the guilt of the confession, to Sarah—to Sarah, who, under the tyranny, of that tyrant-will, lias lived in the house, lor fivelong years, a stranger to her own child i" . , Five years!" murmured Rosamond, raising the baby gently in her arms till his face touched liprs. "Oh me! five long years a stranger to.the blood of her blood, to/Aio heart of her heart!" : f And. all the years after!".,said the old man. <f The lonesome yearsand years among Btraiigers, with no sight lof tiro child that was growing up,, with no heart to : pour the story of her sorrow into the oar of any living creature, not oven 'i&to; mineX 'Better,' I said to her, when $he< could speak to me lio.inore, and when her face wasturjied awayagain oil the pillow : 'a thousand tinges j better/ iriy child, if you had ' Ji/»- an .no told the Secret I' 'Could I tell it,' die said, « to the master who trusted me I Could I tell it afterwards to the child, whose birth was a reproach to me I Could she listen to the story of her mother's shame, told by her mother's lips? How will she listen to it now, Uncle Joseph, when she hears it from you! Remember the life she has led, and the high place she lins held in the world. How can she forgive me! How can she ever look at me in kindness again ?'" " You never left her!" cried Rosamond, interposing before he could say more; "surely, surely, you never left her with that thought in her heart!" Uncle Joseph's head drooped on his breast " What words of mine could cliange it f ho asked, sadly. « Oh, Lenny, do you hear that! I must leave you, and leave the baby. I must go to her, or those last wools about me will break my heart." The passionate tears burst from her eyes as she spoke; and she rose hastily from her seat, with the child iu her arms. " Not to night," said Uncle Joseph. " She said to me at parting,' I can bear no more to- night j give me till tile morning to get as strong as I can.'" " Oh, go back then yourself!" cried Rosamond. " Go, for God's sake, without wasting auother moment, and make her think of me as she ought! Tell her bow I listened to you, with my own child deeping on my bosom all the time—tell her—oh, no, no I words are too cold for it!—Couie here, come close, Uncle Joseph (I shall always call you so now); come close to me aud kiss my child—tar grandchild —Kiss him on this cheek, because it has lain nearest to my heart And now, go back, kind aud dear old man—go back to her bedside, and say nothing but that I sent that kiss to Iter.'" CHAPTER IV. THE CLOSE OP DAY. The night, with its wakeful anxieties, wore away at last; and the morning light dawned hopefully, for it brought with it the promise of an end to Rosamond's suspense. The first event of the day was the arrival of Mr. Jfixon, who had received a note on the previous evening, written by Leonard's desire, to invite him to breakfast. Before the lawyer withdrew, he had settled with Mr. and Mrs. Frankland all the preliminary arrangements that were necessary to effect the restoration of the purchase-money of Portligenna Tower, and had dispatched a messenger with a letter to Bayswater, announcing his intention of calling upon Andrew Treverton that afternoon, on private business of importance relating to the personal estate of his late brother. Towards noon, Uncle Joseph arrived at the hotel to take Rosamond with him to the house where her mother lay ill. He came in, talking, in the highest spirits, of the wonderful change for the better that had been wrought inliis niece bythe affectionate message which he had taken to her on the previous eveniug. He declared that it hail made her look happier, stronger, younger, all iu a moment; that it had given her the longest, quietest, sweetest night's sleep she had enjoyed for years and years past; ana, last, best of all, that its good influence had been acknowledged, not an hour since, by the doctor himself. Rosamond listened thankfully, but it was with a wandering attention, with a mind ill at case. When 6he had taken leave of her husband, and when she and Uncle Joseph were out in the street together, there was something in the prospect of the approaching interview between her mother and herself, which, in spite of her efforts to resist the sensation, almost daunted her. If theycould have come together, and have recognised each other without time to think what should be first said or done on cither side, the meeting would have been nothing more than the natural result of the discovery of the Secret. But, as it was, the waiting, the doubting, the mournful story of the past, which had filled up the emptiness of the last day of suspense, all liad their depress ing effect on Rosamond's impulsive disposition. Without a thought in her heart which was not tender, compassionate, and true towards her mother, she now felt, nevertheless a vague sense of embarrassment, which increased to positive uneasiness the nearer she and the old man drew to their short journey's end. As they stopped at last at the house-door, she was shocked to find herself thinking beforehand, of wliat first words it would be best to say, of wliat first things it would bo best to do, aB if she had been about to visit a total Btranger, whose favourable opinion she wished to secure, aud whose readiness to receive her cordially was a matter of doubt. The first person whom they saw after the door was opened, was the doctor. He advanced towards thorn from a little oinpty room at the end of the hall, and asked permission to speak with Mrs. Frankland for a few minutes. Leaving Rosamond to her interview with the doctor Uncle Joseph gaily ascended the stairs to toll bis niece of her arrival, with an activity which might well have been envied by many a man of half his years. " Is aho worse? Is there any danger in my sooingher!" asked Rosamond, as the doctor led her into the empty room. , « Quite the contrary," ho replied. " She is much bettor this morning; aud the improvement, I find, is mainly due to the composing and the cheering Mucnoo on her mind of a messagewhich she received from you last night. It is the discovery of this which makes me anxious to speak to you now on the subject of one particular symptom of her mental condition which surprised and alarmed me when I first discovered it, and which has perplexed me very much ever since. She is suffering— not to detain you, and to put the matter at once in the plainest terms—under a mental hallucination of a very extraordinary kind, which, so far as I have observed it, affects her, generally, towards the close of the day, when the light gets obscure. At such times, there is an expression in her eyes, as if she fancied some person had walked suddenly into the room. She looks and talks at perfect vacancy as you or I might look or talk at 6ome one who was really standing and listening to us. The old man, her uncle, tells me that ho first observed this when she came to see him (in Cornwall, I think he said) a short time since. She was speaking to him then on private affairs of her own, when she suddenly stopped, just as the evening was closing in startled him by a question on the old superstitious subject of the re-appearance of the dead, aud then looking away at a shadowed corner of the room, begin to walk at it—exactly as I have seen her look aud heard her talk upstairs. Whether she fancies that she is pursued by an apparition, or whether she imagines that some living person enters her room at certain times, is more than I can say; and the old man gives me no help in guessing at the truth. Can you throw any lijjlit on the matter!" " I hear of it now for the first time," answered Rosamond, looking at the doctor in amazement and alarm. Perhaps," he rejoined, " she may be more communicative with you than she is with me. If you could manage to be by her bedside at dusk to-day or to-morrow, and if you think you are not likely to be frightened by it, I shoidd very much wish you to see and hear her, when she is under the influence of her delusion. I have tried in vain to draw her attention away from it, at the time, or to get her to speak of it afterwards. You have evidently considerable influence over her, and you might therefore succeed where I have failed. In her state of health, I attach great importance to clearing her mind of everything that clouds aud oppresses it, and especially of such a serious hallucination as tliat wliich I have been describing. If you could succeed in combating it, you would bo doing her the greatest service, and would be materially helping my efforts to improve her health. l)o you mind trying the experiment ?" Rosamond promised to devote herself unre servedly to this service, or to any other wliich was for the patient's good. The doctor thanked her, and led the way back into the hall again Uncle Joseph was descending the stairs as they came out of the room. "She is ready and longing to see you," he whispered in Rosamond's r. "I am sure I need not impress on you again the very serious necessity of keeping her composed," said the doctor, taking his leave. "It is, I assure you, no exaggeration to say that her life depends on it." Rosamond bowed to liim in silence, aud in silence followed the old man up the stairs. At the door of a back room on the second floor, Uncle Joseph stopped. " She is there," he whispered eagerly. " leave you to go in by yourself, for it is best that you should be alone with her at first, shall walk about the streets in the fine warm sunshine, and think of you both, and come back after a little. Go in; and the blessing and the mercy of God go with you!" He lifted her hand to his lips, aud softly aud quickly descended the stairs again. Rosamond stood alone before the door. A momentary tremor shook her from head to foot as she stretched out her hand to knock at it. The same sweet voice that she had last heard iu her bedroom at West Winston, answered her now. As its tones fell on lier ear a thought of her child stole quickly into her heart, aud stilled its quick throbbing. She opened the door at once, and weut in. Neither the look of the room inside, nor the viewfroin the window; neither its cliaracteristic ornaments,norits prominentpieces of furniture - none of the objects in it or about it, which would have caught her quick observation at other times, struck it now. From the moment when she opened the door, she saw nothing but the pillows of ,the bed, the head resting on them, and the face turned towards here As she stepped across the threshold, that face changed ; the eyelids drooped a little, and the pale cheeks wore tinged suddenly with burning "Was her mother ashamed to look at her f . The bare doubt freed Rosamond in i^^ant fibm aUtheaelf-dutrust, allthe embalmment, all the hesitation about choosing her words and directing her actions which had fettered hor generous impulses up to this time. She ran to tho bod, raised the worn shrinking figure in her arms, and laid the poor weary head gently on hor warm, young bosom. "I have come at last mother, to take myttutfifc nursing you," she said. Her heart swelled fis those simple words came from it—her eyes overflowed —she could say no mow. «Don't cry!" murmured the faint, sweet voice timidly. " I have no right to bring you here, and make you sony. Don't, don't cry!" « Oli, hush! hush! I shall do nothing ; but cry if you talk to me like that I" said Rosamond. "Let us forget that we have ever been parted—call me by my name—speak to me as I shall speak to my own child, if God spares me to see him grow up. Say' Rosamond,' aud—oh, pray, pray,—tell me to do something for you 1" She tore asunder, passionately, the strings of her bonnet, and threw it from her on tho nearest chair. " Look! here is your glass of lemonade on the table. Say ' Rosamond, bring me my lemonade!' say it familiarly, mother! say it as if you knew that I was bound to obey you 1" She repeated the words after her daughter, but still not in steady tones—repeated them with a sad, wondering smile, and with a lingering of the voice on the name of Rosamond rs if it was a luxury to her to utter it. "You made me so happy with that message and with the kiss you sent me from your child," she said, when Rosamond had given her the lemonade, and was seated quietly by the bedside again. " It was such a kind way of saying tliat you pardoned me ! It gave me all the courage I wanted to speak to you as I am speaking now. Perhaps myillness has changed me—but I don't feel frightened aud strange with you; as I thought I should, at our first meeting after you knew the Secret I think I shall soon get well enough to see your child. Is he like what you were at his age ? If he is, he must be very, very " She stopped. <! I may think of that," she added, after waiting a little, " but I had better not talk of it, or I shall cry too; and I want to have done with sorrow now." While she spoke those words, while her eyes were fixed with wistful eagerness on her daughter's face, the whole instinct of neatness was still mechanically at work in her weak, wasted fingers. Rosamond had tossed her gloves from her on the bed but the minute before; and already her mother had taken them up, aud was smoothing them out carefully and folding them neatly together, all the while she spoke. " Call me ' mother' again," 6he said, as Rosamond took thegloves from her and thanked her with akiss for folding them up. " I have never heard you call me ' mother,' till now— never, never till now, from the day when you were born!" Rosamoud checked the tears that were rising in her eyes again, and repeated the word. " It is all the liappiness I want, to lie here, and look at you, aud hear you say that! Is there any other woman in the world, my love, who has a lace so beautiful and so kind as yours ?" She paused and smiled faintly. " I can't look at those sweet rosy lips now," slio said, "without thinking how many kisses they owe me!" " If you had only let me pay the debt before!" said Rosamond, taking her mother's hand, as she was accustomed to take her child's, and placing it on her neck. " If you had only spoken the first time we met, when you came to nurse me! How sorrowfully have thought of tliat since! 0, mother, did I distress you much, in my ignorance? Did it make you cry when you thought of me after that ?" " Distress me! All my distress, Rosamond, lias been of my own making, not of yours. My kind, thoughtful love! you said, 'Don't be hard on her'—do you remember f When I was being sent away, deservedly sent away, dear, for frightening you, you said to your husband, ' Don't be hard on her!' Only five words—but, oh, wliat a comfort it was to me afterwards, to think that you had said tliem! 1 did want to kiss you so, Rosamond, when I was brushing your hah; I had such a hard tight of it to keep from crying out loud when i Heard you, behind tho bed-curtains wishing your little child good- night. My heart was in my mouth, choking mo all that time. I took your part afterwards when I went back to my mistress—-I wouldn't hear her say a hareh word ol you. I could have looked a hundred mistresses in the face then, and contradicted them au. Oh, no, no, no! you never distressed me. S™/ 8 »g away was years tad yea^ before J a t came 0it to nurse youat West Winston, it was when I left my plate at Borthgenna 5, I stole into your nurcery j S ^ r 1 1 ^ and when I saw you S Sl T, ™<™a my master's neck. Tho y doll l t t youhad l e a taken to'bed with you was in one of your hands; and your lioad was resting on the captain's bosom—just as mine rests now—oli, so happily, Rosamond— on yours, I heard tlio last voids ho was speaking to you! words you were too young to remember. * Hush! llosie dear,' lie said, 'don't cry any more for poor mamnuu Think: of poor papa, and tty to comfort hiiu I' There, my love—there was the bitterest distress, and the hardest to bear! I, your own mother, standing like a spy, and hearing liiin say that to the child I dared not own! 'Think of poor papa!' My own Rosamond, you know, now, what father I thought of when he said those words! How could I tell him the Secret! how could I give him the letter, with his wife: dead that morning—with nobody but you to comfort him—with the awful truth crushing down upon my heart, at every word ho spoke, as heavily as ever the rock crushed down upon the father you never saw!" Don't speak of it now," said Rosamond. " Don't lot us refer again to the past: I know all I ought to know, all I wish to know of it We will talk of the future, mother, and of happier times to come. Let me tell you about my husband. If auy words can praise him as ho ought to be praised, and thank him as he ought to be thanked, I am sure mine ought— I am sure yours will! Let me tell you what he said and what ho did when I read him the letter that I found in the Myrtle Room. Yes, yes, do let me!" Warned by a remembrance of the doctor's lapt injunctions; trembling in secrct, as she felt under her hand the heavy, toilsome, irregular heaving of her mother's heart, as she saw the rapid changes of colour from pale to red, and from red to pale again that fluttered across her mother's fiice, she resolved to let no more words pass between them which were of a nature to recal painfully the sorrow and the suffering of the years that were gone. After describing the interview between her husband and herself which ended in the disclosure of the Secret, she led her mother, with compassionate abruptness, to 6peak of the future, of the time when she would be able to travel again, of the happiness of returning together to Cornwall, of the little festival they might hold on arriving at Uncle Joseph's house in Truro, and of the time after that, when they might go on still further to Portbgenna, or perhaps to some other place where new scenes and new faces might help them to foiget all sad associations which it was best to think of no more. Rosamond was still ejteaking on those topics; her mother was still listening to her with glowing interest in evejy word that she said, when Uncle Joseph returned. He brought in with him a basket of flowers and a basket of fruit, which he held up in triumph at the foot of his niece's bed. " I have been walking about my child, in the fine bright sunshine," he said, and waiting to give you plenty of time to look happy, so that I might see it again as t want to see it always, for the rest of my life. Alia, Sarah! it is I who have brought the right doctor to cure you 3" he added gaily, looking at Rosamond. " She has made you better already; wait but a little while longer, and she shall get you up from your bod again, with your two cheeks as ted, aud your heart as light, and your tongue as feist to chatter as mine. See! the fine flowers, and the fruit I have brought that is nice to your eyes, and nice to your nose, and nicest of all to put into your mouth. It is festival-time with U6 to-day, and we must make the room bright, blight, bright all over. And then, there is your dLmnor to come soon; I have seen it on the dish—a cherub among chicken-fowls! Aud, after that, there is your fine sound sleep, with Mozart to sing the cradlesong, aud with me to sit for watch, and to go down-stairs when you wake up again, and fetch your cup of tea. Ah, my child, my child, what a fine thing it is to have come at last to this festival-day!" With a bright look at Rosamond, and with both his hands full of flowers, he turned away from his niece to begin decorating the room. Except when 6ho thanked the old man for the presents he had brought, her attention had never wandered, all the while ho had been speaking, from her daughter's face; and her first words, when he was silent again, were addressed to Rssamond alone. «While I am happy with my child," she said, " I am keeping you from yours. I, of all persons, ought to be the last to part you from each other too long. Go back now, my love, to your husband and your child; and leave me to my grateful thoughts and my dreams of bettor times." " If you please answer Yes to that, for your mother's sake," said Uncle Joseph, before Rosamond could reply. "The doctor says, she must take her repose in the day as well as her repose in the night. And how shall I get her to close her eyes, so long as she has the temptation to keep them open upon you Rosamond felt the truth of those last words, and consented to go back for a few hours to tho hotel, on the understanding that she was to tesumo her place at tho bedside in the evening. After making this arrangement, she waited long enough in the room to see tho meal brought up which Uncle Joseph had announced, aud to aid tho old man in encouraging hor mother to partake of it. When tho tray had been removed, and when tho pillows of tho bod had boon comfortably arranged by her own hands, she at last prevailed on Herself to toko leave. Her mother's arms lingered wuud her nock; her mother's cheek nestled fondly against hers. "Go, my dear, go now, or I shall got too selfish to part with you oven for a few hours," murmured tho sweot voice, in its lowest, softest tones. "My own Rosamond! I have no words to bless you that are good enough ; no words to tliank you that will speak as gratefully for me as they ought! Happiness has been long in reaching me,—but, oh how mercifully it has come at last!" Before she passed the door, Rosamond stopped and looked back into the room. The table tho mantel-piece, tho little framed prints on the wall were bright with flowers; the musical-box was just playing the first sweet notes of tho air from Mozart; Uncle Joseph was seated already in his accustomed place by the bed, with the basket of fruit on his knees; the pale, worn face on the pillow was tenderly lighted up by a smile: peace and comfort, and repose, all mingled together happily in the picture of the sick room, all joined in leading Rosamond's thoughts to dwell quietly on the hope of a happier time. Three hours passed. The last glory of the sun was lighting the long summer day to its rest in the western heaven, when Rosamond returned to her mother's bedside. She entered the room softly. The one window in it looked towards the west, aud on that side of the bed the chair was placed which Uncle Joseph had occupied when she left him, and in which she now found him still seated on her return. He raised his finger to his lips, and looked towards the bed, as she opened the door. Her mother was asleep, with her hand resting in the hand of the old man. As Rosamond noiselessly advanced, she saw that Uncle Joseph's eyes looked dim and weary. The constraint of the position that he occupied, which made it impossible for him to move without the risk of awakening his niece, seemed to be beginning to fatigue him. Rosamond removed her bonnet and. shawl, and made a sign to him to rise and let her take his place. "Yes, yes!" she whispered, seeing him reply by a shake of the head. "Let me take my turn, while you go out a little and enjoy the cool evening air. There is no fear of waking her: her hand is not clasping yours, but only resting in it—let me steal mine into its place gently, and we shall not disturb her." She slipped her hand under her mother's while she spoke. Uncle Joseph smiled as he rose from his chair, aud resigned his place to her. " You will have your way," he said; " you are too quick and sharp for an old mau like me." "Has she been long asleep!" asked Rosamond. "Nearly two hours," answered Uncle Joseph. " But it has not been the good sleep I wanted for her;—a dreaming, talking, restless sleep. It is only ten little minutes, since she has been so quiet as you see her now." " Surely you let in too much light f whispered Rosamond, looking round at the window, through which the glow of the evening sky poured warmly into the room. " No, no!" ho hastily rejoined. " Asleep or awake, she always wants the light. If I go away for a little while, as you toll me, and if it gets on to bo dusk before I come back, light both those candles on the chimney-piece. I shall try to be here again before that; but if the time slips by too fast for me, and if it so happens that she wakes and talks strangely, and looks much away from you into that far corner of the room there, remember that the matches and the candles are together on the chimney-piece, and that the sooner you light them after the dim twilight-time, tho better it will bo." With those words ho stole on tiptoe to the door and went out. His parting directions recalled Rosamond to a remembrance of what had passed between tho doctor and herself that morning. She looked round again anxiously to the window. Tho sun was just sinking beyond the distant house-tops: the close of day was not far off. As she turned her head once more towards the bed, a momentary chill crep over her. She trembled a little, partly at the sensation itself, partly at the' recollection it aroused of that other chill which liad struck hor in the solitude of tho Myrtle Room. Stirred by. tho mysterious sympathies of touch, her mother's hand at tho same instant moved in here, and over the sad poacefulnoss of tho weary face there fluttered a momentary trouble—the flying shadow of a dream. The pale, parted lips opened, closed, quivered, opened again: tho toiling breath came and went quickly and more quickly; the head moved uneasily on tho pillow; the eyelids half unclosed themselves; low, faint, moaning sounds poured rapidly from the lips—changed ore long to lialf-aiticulated sentences—then merged softly into intelligible speech, and uttered these words:— " Swear that you will not destroy this paper! Swear that you will not take this paper away with you if you leave the house!" Tho words that followed these were whispered so rapidly and so low that Rosamond's oar failed to catch them. They were followed by a short silonce. Then the dreaming voice spoke again suddenly, and spoke louder. "Where! where? where?" it said "In tho bookcase! In the table-drawer?—Stop ! stop! In the picture of the ghost " The last words struck cold on Rosamond's heart. She drew back suddenly with a movement of alarm,—checked herself the instant after, and bent down over the pillow again. But it was too late. Her hand had moved abruptly when she drew back, and her mother woke with a start and a feint cry,—with vacant, terror-stricken eyes, and with the perspiration standing thick on her forehead. " Mother!" cried Rosamond, raising her on tho pillow. " I liavc come back. Don't you know mo I" " Mother ?" she repeated in mournful, questioning tones. " Mother!" At the secoud repetition of the word a bright flush of delight and surprise broke out on her face, and she clasped both arms suddci dy rouud her daughter's neck. " Oh, my own Rosamond !" she said " If I had ever been used to waking up aud seeing your dear face look at me, I should have known you sooner, in spite of my dream Did vou wake me, my love ? or did I wake myself!" " I am afraid I woke you mother." " Don't say ' afraid.' I would wake from the sweetest sleep that ever woman had, to see your face and to hear you say' Mother* to me, You have delivered me, my love, from the terror of one of my dreadful dreams. Oh, Rosamond, I think I should live to be happy in your love, if I could only get Portligenna Tower out of my mind—if I could only never remember again the bedchamber where my mistrcsss died, aud the room where I hid the letter ' " We will tiy and foiget Portbgenna Tower now," said Rosamond. " Shall we talk about other places where I have lived, which you have never seen! Or shall I read to you, mother? Have you got any book here that you are fond of!" She looked across the bed, at the table on the other side. There was nothing on it but some bottJesof medicine,a fewof Uncle Joseph's flowers in a glass of water, and a little oblong work- box. She looked rouud at the chest of drawers behindher—there were no books placed on the top of it. Before 6he turned towards the bed again, her eyes wandered aside to the window. Tho sun was lost beyond the distant housetops: the close of day was nearer at hand. " If I could foiget! O, me, if I could only forget!" said her mother, sighing wearily aud beating her hand on the coverlid of the bed. "Arc you well enough, dear, to amuse yourself with work?" asked Rosamond, pointing to the little oblong box on the table, and trying to lead the conversation to a harmless, every day topic, by asking questions about it. " What work do you do ? May I look at it ?" Her face lost its weary, sufforing look, and brightened once mere into a smile. " There is no work there," she said. " All the treasures I had in the world, tiU you came to sec me, are shut up in that one little box. Open it, my love, and look insido." Rosamond obeyed, placing the box on the bed where her mother could see it easily. The first object that she discovered inside was a little book, in dark, worn binding. It was an old copy of Wesley's Hymns. Some withered blades of grass lay between its pages; and on one of its blank leaves was this inscription:— " Sarah Lceson, hor book. The gift of Hugh Polwhcal." " Look at it, my dear," said her mother. " I waut you to know it again. When my time comes to leave you, Rosamond, lay it on my bosom with your own dear hands, and put a little morsel of your hair with it, and bury mo, in the grave in Portligenna churchyard, where he has been waiting for me to come to him so many weary years. The other things in tho box, Rosamond, belong to you ; they are little stolen keepsakes that used to remind me of my child, when I was alone in the world. Perhaps, years aud years hence, when your brown hair begins to grow grey like mine, you may like to show these poor trifles to your children when you talk about me. Don't mind tolling them, Rosamond, how your mother sinned and how 6he suffered—you can always let these little trifles speak for her at the end. The least of them will show that she always loved you." She took out of the box a morsel of neatly folded white paper, which had been placed under the book of Wesley's Hymns, opened it, aud showed hor daughter a few faded laburnum leaves that lay inside. "I took these from your bed, Rosamond, when I came, as a stranger, to nurse you at West Winston. I tried to take a ribbon out of your trunk, love, after I had taken tho flowers—a ribbon that I knew had been round your neck. But tho doctor came near at tho time, and frightened me." She folded the paper up again, laid it aside on the table, and drew from the box next a small print which had been taken from the illustrations to a pocket- book. It represented a little girl, in a gipsy-hat, sittiug by tho water-side, aud weaving a daisy chain. As a design, it was wortldcss; as a print, it had not even the mechanical merit of being a good impression. Underneath it a line was written in faintly pencilled letters:—"Rosamond when I last saw her." " It was never pretty enough for you," she said. " But still there was something in it that helped me to remember what myown love was like, when she was a little girl." She put the engraving aside with tho laburnum leaves, and took from the box a leaf of a copy-book, folded in two, out of which there dropped a tiny strip of paper, covered with small printed letters. She looked at the strip of paper, covered with small printed letters. She looked at the strip of paper first. " The advertisement of your marriage, Rosamond," she said. " I used to be fond of reading it over and over again to myself when I was alone, aud trying to fancy how you looked aud wliat dress you wore. If 1 liad only known when you were going to be married, I would have ventured into the church, my love, to look at you aud at your husbaud. But that was not to be,—and perhaps, it was best so, for the seeing you in tliat stolen way might only have made my trials harder to bear afterwards. I have had no other keepsake to remind me of you, Rosamond, except this leaf out of your first copy-book. The nursemaid at Portligenna tore up the rest one day to light the fire, and I took this leaf when she was not looking. See' you had not got as far as words then,— you could only do up-strokes and down-strokes. 0 me! how many times I have sat looking at this one leaf of paper, and trying to fancy that 1 saw your small child's hand travelling over it, with the pen held tight in the rosy little lingers. I think I liave cried oftener, my darling, over that first copy of yours than over all my other keepsakes put together." Rosamond turned aside her face towards the window to hide the tears which she could restrain no longer. As she wiped them away, the first sight of the darkening sky warned her that the twilight dimness was coming soon. How dull mid faint the glow in the west looked now! how near it was to the close of day! When she turned towards the bed again, her mother was still looking at the leaf of the copy-book. " That nursemaid who tore up all the rest of it to light the fire," she said, " was a kind friend to me, in those early days at Porthgenna. She used sometimes to let me put you to bed, Rosamond; and never asked questions, or teased me, as the rest of them did. She risked the loss of her place by being so good to me. My mistress was afraid of my betraying myself aud betraying her if I was much in the nnrsery, and she gave orders that I was not to go there, because it was not my place. None of tho other women-servants were so often stopped from playing with you and kissing you Rosamond, as I was. But the nursemaid—God bless and prosper her for it!—stood my friend. I often lifted you into your little cot, my love, and wished you good-night, when my mistress thought I was at work in her room. You used to say you liked your nurse better tliau you liked ine, but you never told nie so fretfully; and you always put your laughing hps up to mine whenever I asked you for a kiss !" Rosamond laid her head gently on tho pillow by the side of her mother's. " Try to think less of the past, dear, and more of the future," she whispered pleadiugly; " try to think of the tune when my child will help you to recall those old days without their sorrow,— the time when you will teach hiin to put liis lips up to yours, as I used to put mine." "I wiU try, Rosamond,—but my only thoughts of tho future, for years and years past, have been thoughts of meeting you in heaven. If my sins are forgiven, how shall we meet there ? Shall you be like iny little child to me,—the child I never 6aw again after she was five years old ? I wonder if the mercy of God will recompense me for our long separation on earth ? I wonder if you will first appear to me in the Happy world, with your child's face, aud be what you should have been to me on earth, my little angel that I can carry in my arms ? If we pray in heaven, shall I teach you your prayers there, as souio comfort to me for never having taught them to you here ?" She paused, smiled sadly, aud, closing her eyes, gave herself in silence to. the dreamthoughts that were still floating in her mind. Thinking that she might sink to rest, again if she was left undisturbed, Eosamond neither moved nor spoke. After watching the peaceful facc for soma time, die became conscious that the light was fading on it slowly. M that conviction impressed itself on her, she looked round at the window once more. The western clouds wore their quiet twilightcolors already: the close of the day had coiuc. The moment she moved in the chair, she felt her mother's hand on her sholder. "When she turned again towards the lie J, she saw her mother's eyes open and looking at her— looking at her, as she thought, with a change in their expression, a change to vacancy. «« "Why do I talk of heaven."' she said turning her face suddenly towards the darkening sky, and speaking ill low, muttering tones. " How do 1 know I am fit to go then?! And yet, Rosamond, I am not guilty of breaking my oath to my mistress. You can say for me that I never destroyed the letter, and that I never took it away'with me when I left the house. I tried to' get it out of the Myrtle Jioom; but 1 oidy wanted to hide it somewhere else. I never thought to take it away from the house : I never meant to break my oath." " It will be dark soon, mother. Let me get up for one moment to light the candles." Her hand crept softly upward, and clung fast round Rosamond's neck. " I never swore to give him the letter," she said. " There was no crime in the hiding of it. You found it in a picture, Rosamond! They, used to call it a picture of the Porthgenna ghost. .Nobody knew how old it was, or when it came into the house. My mistress hated it, because the painted face had a strange likeness to hers. She told me, when first I lived at Porthgenna, to bike it down from the wall and destroy it I was afraid to do that; so I hid it away, before ever you were born, in the Myrtle Room. You found the letter at the back of the picture, Rosamond? And yet that was a likely place to hide it in. Xobody had ever found the picture. Why should anybody find the letter that was hid in it ?" " Let me get a light, mother : I am sure you would like to have a light!" " Xo ! no light now. Give the darkness time to gather down there in the corner of the room. Lift me up close to you, and let me whisper." The clinging arm tightened its gasp as Rosamond raised her in the lied. The fading light from the window fell full on her face, and was reflected dimly in her vacant eyes. " I am waiting foi something that comes at dusk, before the candles are lit," she whispered in low, breathless tones. " My mistress !— down there <" And she pointed away to the farthest corner of the room near the door. "Mother! for God's sake, what is it! what has changed you so 1" " That's right! say, ' Mother.' If site docs come, she can't stop when she hears you call me 'Mother,' when she sees us together at last, loving and knowing each other in spite of her. Oh, mykind, tender, pitying child! if you can only deliver me from her, how long I may live yet 1—how happy we may both be !" "Don't talk so! don't look so! Tell me quietly—dear, dear mother, tell me quietly " Hush! hush! I am going to tell you. She threatened me on her death-bed, if I thwarted her: she said she would come to me from the other world. Rosamond! I huve thwarted her and she lias kept her promise— all my life since, she has kept her promise ! Look ! Down there!" Her left aim was still clasped round Rosamond's neck. She stretched her right arm out towards the far comer of the room, and shook her hand slowly at the empty air. " Look !" she said. " There she is as she always comes to me, at the close of day,—with the coarse black dress on, that my guilty hands made for her,—with the smile that there was on her face when she asked me if she looked like a servant. Mistress! mistress! Oh, rest at last! the Secret is ours no longer! Rest at last; my child is my own again! Rest, at last; and come between us no more!" She ceased, panting for breath; and laid her hot, throbbing cheek against the cheek of her daughter. " Gall me ' Mother' again !" she whispered. " Say it loud; and send her away from me for ever!" Rosamond mastered the terror that shook her in every limb, and pronounced the word. Her mother leaned forward a little, still gasping heavily for breath, and looked with straining eyes into the quiet twilight dimness at the lower end of the room. " <TOIW !!elie cried suddenly, with a scream of exultation. "Oh, merciful, merciful God! gone at last!" The next instant she sprang up on her knees in the bed.' For one awful moment her eyes shone- in the grey twilight with a radiant Unearthly beauty, as they fastened their last look of fondness on her daughter's face. Oh, my lov6 5 my angel!" she murmured, " how liappy we : Bhfill be together now!" As she said thc'words, eh© twined her arms round Rosamond's' nock) and pressed her lips raptu- The kiss lingered till her head rank forward gently on Rosamond's bosom—lingered, till the time of God's mere}' came, and the weary heart rested at last (To y continued.) 