CIRCUS. LIFE AND ; CIRCUS CELEBRITIES. It is an old savin<r, and a true, that any man who would write his autohio- ' graphv fairly would undoubtedly add to thiTknowiedge as well as contribute to the amusement of Lis readers. Of course, we do not mean such a naked exposiiion of character, often, perhaps, less real than imaginary, as Roussean seerns to delight in in his "Confes sions," — as melancholy n book as u Pe- tronius Arbiter." Next to autobio graphies, there, are few better illustra tions of a peculiar social condition to be met with than in the history of classes of the community. All these, honestly worked out, are contributions to general liistorv. An unpretending narrative of the h mblest of "professionals" may contribute something which may be found of value by the philosophic wri ter woo is tracing- the course ofcivilisa- tion, and trying to account for its vagaries. In studying even these de tails of "circus people," the reader would often have reason to exclaim, On diahle, la verlu , va-tellc se i richer ? The history of circuses, like all other histories, however, should have as few Now, we are told by M r" "fro s £ c Vii S i Mr Ducroiv made his first appearance on the stage in 1814, as Eloi, the dumb boy, in "The Forest of Bunny.-' it was in that year the piece was nro duced at Covent Garden, and Florio, the dumb boy, was played by gentle Sally Booth. . In noticing Poses Plastiques, nothing is said of the most perfect and artistic pers ms connected with that sort of entertainment, " Pro fessor Keller," and his beau'ifui wife. Their private representations were highly paid for. The great riding- rmtrer in Astley's ring, the ever-young old Widdicombe,, is recorded as hav ing died in 1834, whereas he went on painting his cheeks, scorning the clown, and admiring the ladies for twenty years longer. These, however, are faulis.not to be too heavily censured in a volume which displays, generally, care in treating the lightest of subjects. The circus celebrities deserved a chronicler, and it is to be regretted ttiat we only know the plumed, the spangled heroes by il lusory names. On what ground some circus people adopted their circus names it would be difficult to explain. What nationality did Signer Markutchy or Miss i ostmetkopila affect. Was there not- a disloyal savour of Jacobitism in the lady of the last century who as sumed the name of Sobiesku Clemen tina ? "N.B. Sobieska" (at Hughes's Circus, 17S3) " rides on one, two, and three horses, being the only one of her sex that ever perform on one, two, and three." We cannot help thinking that though Sobieska nsed strong exple tives, she was a nonjuror. She pro bably had more faith in the episcopal rights of Bishop Gordon, of Theobald's road, than ill Lowth, Bishop of Lon don, or wherefore did she take to her self two of the Christian names of the wife of the Old Pretender ? Again : — " A vouug gentleman, son of a per son of quality," might challenge ex amination as to its genuineness, for sons of persons of quality very question able have earned their bread in the circus sawdust. This young gent did one surprising thing, riding "at full speed with his right foot on the Saddle, and his left toe in his mouth, two surprising feet !" The curious hill in which this is stated, has this curious ending : " The young gentle man will recite verses of his own mak- ing" (which must have been a fearful thing to listen to), " and act Mark Antony between the leaps. Clementina every night — accommodious room for the nobility." Miss Vangabel and Madame Fuzzi are not euphonious pseudonyms. There is a well-known theatrical name in Astley's bill of the last century, that of Wallack, who acted Captain of the Cavern iu " Gil Bias." This man was the father of handsome Wallack of Drury Lane ; hut be was an Israelite, and his real name was Wolf. " Catawba Indian Chiefs" and real ' Chinese were usu ally lively natives of the Seven Dials, and half the Wild Savages in shows were wild Irishmen. Why is the cheapest of unlicensed playhouses cal led a " gaff?" — Why did the young lad Ella ride in skirts, and bewitched spectators for years, as Mdlle, Ella ? — and why should not Blondin be dis posed to be famous by his real name than by a borrowed one ? In the old davs of" Sadler's Wells," when it was more of a " booth" than a " house," and boasted T only of the ancient but clever mountebank per formances — several exhibitions daily — a fellow- was employed outside," who, while the performance was going on within, counted the fresh crowd as, it collected without ; and, as soon ; as he saw there was enough people to fill the booth, he put his head inside and in quired, in a loud voice, "'-Is .'Hiram Fistiman here ?" at which significant inquiry the performances came to an end, and the spectators, who, doubt less understood the signal, as well as the proprietors, were dismissed. We may add, that a similar system pre vailed to the latest days of Fairs and Old Richardson. When that wary son of wandering Thespis used to step in side from the front, and asked, " Is John Audley here ?" the stage manager dropped the curtain, wherever the tra<yedv might be, and a new audience jook the places of the old. Even to this day, in dramfitlc slang, to John- Audley a play means to cut it down to r <— i.Kio hravitv. a comiorinu. u- Dramatic and circus slang gre,. slowly hut surely, and it was a long time before tumblers were called "acrobats" and vaulting "trampoline exercises." We servilely copied France in using the word " funambulists to express rope-dancers, but it never took gQund root. The word came in with the war, and had a hostile look about it. Even now the meaning is not to be found of " fricapee dancing;" and "fricassee dancing" is equally unin telligible. Tourbillon still is inter preted " whirlwind" in the dictionaries, out the circus people adapted it to "head-over-heels" work. These people have a language of their own. A bold- tongued announcer of performances is « 8 blower a circus man almost al- ways speaks of a circus woman not as a woman but " a donna " sauliy ' is their slang for " a penny anil " de- narlies," as meading money, makes one think of the denarii paid for admission to the circus at Pompeii. Vulgar people have adopted the old circus word "rot" as a word of contempt. " Rags" is another uncomplimentary term applied by prosperous members of circuses to the street tumblers ; and' when policemen interrupt those humble entertainers, the latter says " the bob bies have queered the pitch." Collect ing the pence .of spectators is ; " doing the nob," and soliciting subscriptions from the spectators at windows is " nob bing the glaze." " Fakement," which i3 circus lingo for the circus apparatus, has, we think, a different meaning anions: sharpers. For instance, sham conn1 ry men, who hawk poultry in the streets, do a " fakement" wheu they pass off a stale fowl for a fresh one. A circus performer " does a Johnny Scapparey" when be runs away from his liabilities, which he sometimes does when the circus proves to be " shutters" or a failure, and the clowns cannot "'crack a wheeze," or tell a joke to attract pa- £,Jireat deal more of but the pleasantest phrase they lrrfo\v-fis — " the ghost walks," which implies that the salaries are paid, the "show" being a great success. With some exceptions there is a wonderfully active spirit of charity among these people, — prompt alacrity to help a poor fellow who is " hard up." Mr Frost treats the late Charles Dickens's sketches of these " amusiug vagabonds," as exaggerated beyond mea sure ; yet the truth is often startling enough. One of these truths is that invariably the most serious member of the travelling companies is the clown, Mr Frost shows how the clown, with many of his fellows, can be as sincerely religions and as naturally curious about the Great Hereafter as the most miserable sinners who go to church in fine clothes. We have listened, not without sympathy, to one of these reasonable fools (and it. was diffcult to look steadily at his chalked and painted face, which .seemed to belie the gravity of his words) ex pressing his sorrow at having to raise a laugh in the young by giving a runaway knock at a door, and then tripping up the policeman who tried to "run him in." " The little fellows, sir," said this cap and bell philosopher, " fancy there's no harm in it. They, perhaps, go and try it themselves, when they are older, and they hear a magistrate tell them they are a disgrace to society. But what can I do ? I was born to it ; and I was never asked whether I'd like not to take to it." The words were scarce out of a mouth which seemed a yard wide when he was on the stage, bringing . himself into collision with the policeman, and seeming to enjoy the laughter that was excited. Born to it all of them are not; but, nevertheless, few are asked ifthey would like not to take to it. Mr Frost might have written 'a painfully interesting chapter on the subject. Not long since, accident brought . us in contact with two chubby, happy -looking little acro bats, little men of five or six years old, with an air as knowing as if they had lived for ten times those years. They were standing at the wing, while their master, in glittering attire, was going through a performance on a stage, which made one think of Johnson's wish that it were impossible. : "Is that your father ?" Both hoys shook their heads silently. " What is he, then ?' "'Our master," said one, while the other looked puzzled, as if it were strange that any one should have any curiosity about them. " Can you read ?" Both shook their heads. " Should you like to learn ?" One nodded energetically, the other less demonstratively, as if it foreshadowed another trouble, in life for him. Yes. They were brothers.— "Where is your father ?" Each answered rising on his toes,, as if the feplv were not for the world, " Don't know !"— "And you mother?" — One hung his head, the other turned quite away. — " Do you never -' hear from them ?"— "Never !'— " but how- came you to have this master here ?!'— Father sold us to him,"--And, after a while, we asked, " Is he kind to you ?" —" Oh, yes !" was the ready rejoinder ; " gives us plenty to eat1 and drink, and all that." And. then the more reticent came out with an eloqnent burst, yet cautiously delivered under his breath, " But didn't he whop ns just at . first." They were clever little fellows, went fearlessly through some extraordinary feats, 1 and when they bowed, hand-in- harid with their master, all three looked as proud and happy as it was possible to look. The applauding boys and girls in, front perhaps more than half envied them, not knowing that they had been bought, sold, and "whopped" for the public enjoyment. Poor wretches ! Some circus people have hard lives to end. A dying clown, who had fallen through a trap, was taken to the hos pital two or three days ago ; and because the paint on his face gave a comic expression to his attempt at prayer or complaint, he was declared to baye died drunk. Some of them have died " well off." Others have achieved greatness in an other way. The father of Madame Saqni taught the Comte d'Artois to dance on the tight-rope ! "When the grateful Count became Charles the Tenth, he was not forgetful of the fact — he invited his old rope- professor to give a last performance, at the fetes in Paris, in honour of his coronation ; and at a very advanced age, the old lady tripped up the rope and back again, in the Champs Elysees, surrounded by fire works. We believe that one or two of Albert Smith's amateur pantomimists were excellent lTpe-dancers. The late Mr Bidwell, of the Treasury, was a perfect harlequin, but he was wise in his generation, and instead of taking leaps over his office-desk; sat quietly down to it, and became a perfect clerk. Leotard wished to leave the trapeze for the Bar, but died before his studies were well begun. The profession remembers, however, with pride that Peg Woffington and Mrs Charles Kemble rose from tthe sawdust to the stage ; and that Mrs' A. Wigan, before she adorned the theatre, was, in her maidenhood, as graceful a dancer as Miss Woolford. David Roberts, B.A., was just out of his apprenticeship as a Louse-painter, when Bannister, the travelling circus and theatre! mail, hired hi in at 30s a week, to paint scenery, make himself useful, . end piay small parts in . pantomimes, which, lie says in his diary, lie nil her over-did than under-dii'. One of the old glories of the old Coburg was the scenery of Roberts and Stanfield, and some of the scenes by Roberts are still in store at Drury Lane. When one remembers that grave face, with its kindly smiie, one. cannot reconcile it with the idea of a rattling young super '.'making a .part " in a rollicking scene in a Christ inas, pantomime. Mr Frost mentions Roberts, but he" has. overlooked the most exalted example of the - aristocratic element, at least,- among the clowns. It is so strange that we wiil. quote it with out comment from Debrett's Peerage for 1875\. After enumerating the titles, etc., of Earl Poulet, Debrett has the following record :— "Son. William Turmour Thomas, Yiscount Hinton,: born at SoutLsea, 15th December, 1869; educated at Church House College, Mertqn,, Surrey, was some time: engaged ns a clown and pro fessional pantomimist at the Surrey Theatre, and elsewhere under the non de Shippey a ballet dancer, and has, with other issue, William Hi-nry George, born 1870." Earl Poulet, Debrett tails us, " mar- at Portsea, 23rd Juue, 1849, Elizabeth Lavinia — who died 9th August, 1871 — daughter of Mr Newman, pilot, of Land- port." In the next month, says Debrett, the earl " mairied Miss Emma Sophia Johnson." Lord Hinton may, after all, point, for his justification, to the Roman emperor who performed in the circus. If we remember rightly, that Imperial charioteer ruined the proprietor by the exorbitant salary be squeezed out of him, and much the same is dono in these highly-civilized and unhealhenish times. Athenamm . 