TRAGEDY IN FLINDERS-LANE. (Fronm Saturday's Melbout'ae Arge.) A sIoct?e?e tragedy was enacted in Flinders-lane last evening. A man named John Makiwite, stated to be a native of Dantzio, and about forty-two years old, who it is said at one time kept the Empire Ulotel in Hothbam, but bad latterly boon employed in some capacity at St. Oeorgo's Hall, and was in very straitened circumstaceos, was married a year ago yes terday to a young woman, but they did not live happily together. The woman, who is rather good looking, states that he was very jealous of her and ill-treated her soon after marriage and subseqauently. They lived togethor, however, till about a week ago, when the woman ran away from him and took a house at 135 Little Fliaders-street east, not far from the detective-oIffice. It appears from what follows that the woman gave him cause for jealonsy, and that brooding over this he came to the determination to kill himself in her preseoneo, in order that she might ever after be haunted by the horror of his death. On Friday morning he want to his wife's house and got a sovereign from her for the purpose as he said of taking out of pawn a greatcoat and some shirts preparatory to going up the country with a hatwker, but in reality it appears for the purpose of buying a pistol and ammunition with which to kill himself. The woman was very much frightened by his manner then. About six o'clock in the evening he returned and knockedt at the door, and was let in by a little boay, who after opening the door went out the back way. The man walked into the bedroom where his wife was, and looked at hebor in such a ter rible manner that sheo crouebod against the bed and implored his mercy. He struckl her, and then showod a pistol, and pointing out that he had twisted round his finger a lock of the womanm's hair, pushed her eudiltnly back?ard upon the bed. She scroeamed, and at the same instant felt something like a puff et wind pass .over her head; a loud explosion, and fainted. On recovering shi saw the man lying dead across the bed in a potol of blood, and his brains scattered over the bed and floor. She gave an alarm, and Constable Slattery being fetched by a boy went to tho place. He found the man lying on his.back on the floor in a pool of blood, the lolft side of his head being blown away and his brains scattered about, The nsight was a horriblo one. The mwn seemed to have fired the pistol into his mouth. His left eyei the left side of his face ioand head, and all the inside of the head were blown iway, and the bulk of the brain was lying in a lump in the contre of the bed. Boside his left-hand was a small .single-bar rolled pistol, and near his right hand wasn a letter. The wife of the deceased, Alice ahltiwitz, said that the man tried to shoot her first, but from the contents of the letter it doesnot appear that he hatd any inton; tion of killing her, but that be succeeded in doing exactly what he wished, namoly, shooting himself over the woman's living body. The woman said the mau'd name was nhaloviheb, bur the name was spelt by the police as given above. Biolow is given a copy of tho letter as near as could be -published. The writing was very shaky but tolerably distinct, I and the errors in grammar and rpelling were mubh I loss than might have boeen expected, considering that the writer was a foreigner. It containos allusions to his wife's immoral rnlations with men wboso namon nre not given below for obvions reasons. Some of tho context also haos been omitted, being bhardly fit for publication. It will be obsorved that the writer refers to the day.of his wedding and his burial, no doubt alluding to the fact that yesterday was the noniveroeary of his wedding-day. The referene0 to the doteolivo force apparently alludes to the foot that thebo woman lived near the dntective.offive. The letter runo thus:--" December 17, 1875.-I write this in my proper senses, and I intended to kill my nell to-day. My wife left ma last weeolk through the interferenco of the following women and mon: [The next sentence is incoherent ] Proetitution i* the best carried on, most successful carried on. under the very nose of ,he police, as the detective force is an example. * * * I don't sign my name. It will be found out soon enough. I have no money, and I intoended to blow my hrains out oveor my wife's living caraes (P), that she always may remember my (P) in that beautiful lifo ebo and her companion are leoding, and may the course (P) of God be on hero (7), that she shall have the mangled body of myself always before herself, and if my ghost he shall haunt herand drive bher to madness, and the worst I wish hero (?) [The remainder was written so that it could not bo known which portion read first.) I got £1 from my wife and * * * * * I paid 4d. forna pisltol in Oleoland's. I return the rest to her after paying for powder and shott. I see her at my wedding-day and my byrrial (7). I wish to be hurried (7) with the look of heir on my finger * * * * 1 leave my lodgings now 10 n.m. to go and see my cursed wife to got some money the first and last to buy a pistol, and return to her, take her in my arms, and scatter my brains over her oursed carees. Amon. N.B.-My wlfo's nnme was Alico Buckley, and you will find from her, her brotheris an old policeman, and living I believe in Dandonoeg, Oakleigh. Ferntroee Gullyv, or oale (Gippnland) at present I beliesd. J. LI. I. married December 17, 1873; died by his own hand December 17, 1875; order for a grave-stone." Tho tragic event naturally caused considerable excitement in the noihbourhood, and a great m--v people assembled in Flinders-lana and wished t,' the corpse, but the police in charge of cours- I. mitted no one except those who had busiones-..;,e plaeo. The body remains at the house pendiig an nqousst. 