DUELLING. There was aFranob regiment in which duelling Was all tbs rage. .The officers were always fight log each other, or getting ap little affairs with the officers of other regiments. At Inst the War Office, wearied ont of patience, changed the oom- mandiog officer? A colonel was sent down who would be sort lo stamp out such nonsense, A few days after bis arrival two of the officers came to ask his permission to go out and fight. To tbe amazement of everybody he pavo hla conBeni-t. the officers went forth to fight, they slightly wounded each other, and " honour was satisfied, . as the phrass'goeB npon these occasions. . They jrere po sooner recovered than they received au order to wait upon tbe colonel, a Yon have to go out and .fight; agaitito-mnrrow,;he s.iid ynandVas they looked at him with questioning astonish ment be explained, "When officers fight iu the regiment i. have the honour to command, they kill. Got" ..The officera went out again, nod this time made right good boles' in each other, which U'took six mouths to basl. ' The story is very horrible. They were- sent out again aud again, and at last they killed1 each other, but henceforth forever iu tbat regiment, "ndjTgobd many besides, there, was:anend o'fTduelIing. The fate of the yohog 'men '' whdiwire; sacrificed to bring"aboiit' such a resolt"; was' sad,". but they broughtlt on themselves, idssmncb as being fully aware tnat tois colonel was sent to repress duel- ling they chose almost on his arrival, to demand that he should stultify himself and permit them to have their WAy. It Is we have said, only on the condition of the duel being thoroughly iu earnest and a fight to the death that it bftd a rai - ton d'etre in modern society ; and the history of this French regiment provea thAt it flourishes In these modern days chiefly on the credit of beiog innocuous. When tbe duel comes really to mean death, and not. merely an exchange of shots, it must bo an event of the rarest orenrrooce in refined society. We sbpil, not uodert»ke to kill each other without tbe .most irresistible reasons; and if we can settle our bargains without killing, we may laugh at the code of honour which Insists on pistols. There is a comical story told of two Americans .who settled their quarrel in A . fashion which Would have made the hair oU/a.Parlslau fencing-master bristle .with horror, bnt whioh, nevertheless, had ao inspiration of common sense In it. They were both In love with1 the same lady and it became necessary, to (belr feelings that ibey should fight for possession of her. 'One of the two. must clearly be, put out of the way. Yet why should they kill each other? They: bore each other, oo malice ; each would.be gjad that the other should speed with some other fair one ; they only insisted upon being left in sole possession of tbeiady in dispnte. The question resolved itself to a simple Issue — which 'was the better shot ? Aod they determined to settle this question by shooting, not at each other, but at a tree. Tbe tree was shot at j tho loferior marksman perforde admitted that. ho would have been annihilated by his rival, ana agreed to vaninb, not by giving up the ghost, but bj . leaving the country. Here were all the results of a due obtained without its mock-heroics, and without more tragedy than belqugs to all renunciation.- "The World. 