' \ ' FATHER" GERDEMANN. ; iv; /VyEy. give ' in,1 ''another, /column the report in-from a- ail American i paper.; of; ardecture del i veredin -the' city of Philadelphia by a converted Romish priest.: We call the -fieBpecial "attention, of our readers to. this' expose ot Popery behind the scenes.. As , .the ; speaker, gave- names of bishops and i priests,- and challenged them before the "world to disprove his statements, there . ..' cannot be any. doubt of their truth. As- speaker needed the protection of the " - Mayor and police, that violence from the Popish party might not be inflicted upon him, it is plain that the truth of his state ments was acknowledged ; for that is the usual answer of priests and their slaves when, they cannot reply, " to crush the wretch who exposes them." The exposure is fearful. It shows the difficulties which beset an honest- minded priest if light dawns in upon him. As he is in the company of thieves — as lie has taken part in the imposture — as he has been compelled to play his part in the frauds which are being practised, before his mind thoroughly comprehended the frauds — what is he to dol ITe feels that if' he exposes the affair, he will be sus pected, and even accused. He knows that lie cannot defend, and can scarcely excuse, what lie himself lias done. He knows that his word will scarcely be believed, since he has winked so long at what his conscience was telling him was the grossest of deceit. What is he to do ? If he ex poses the filth- and abominations of men who profess to be especially holy, and if he exposes it in truth, he is immediately thought to be an ingiate and slanderer, for the public generally will not believe that such villainy is practised under the cover of religion. And, not only so, but immediately it is said that he must be as bad as the rest, if not worse, since not only did he do the same things himself, but has, now become, it is said, for some selfish reason, the tell-tale on others. We thoroughly sympathize with a man in such circumstances, and perfectly under stand the source of his perplexity. But his facts . remain facts not-withstanding. And what facta ! What duplicity, what hypocrisy, what worldliness, what drun kenness, what sordidness, what covetous- nesSj.and what impurity! The bishop mentioned is doubtless a wonderful man, wonderful in his capacity and thirstiness, and wonderful still moi'e in his ability to give .the Holy Ghost in confirmation when he is well charged with champagne ! The lecturer explains why it is that priests and bishops look such starved and fasting creatures. He explains why it is that after, all cei'einonies there are good dinners and dozens of: empty bottles. He explains in what direction the money goes which the " poor priest " gets in. the way of dues, bequests, gifts, and perquisites.' He: explains why it is that in all Popish chapels the gospel of "cash," money- giving and mpney-extraction, is .so often, preached. And he explains why it is that priests and women are so fond -. of each other— not withstanding that celibacy is so great a virtue in the Romish Ohurch. " We are. quite ' sure that the lecturer speaks, truly .when lie says that many, priests fight a fearful battle in controlling themselves ' when first ':they' discover; the horrid hypocrisy. : which lives imder the veil. They are earnest , and /pious in tlieir belief at first, , but the dawn breaks upon them when they have got into a position, under vo.wsrand oaths, wliich binds them fast, or blasts them for ever. ; By their training.tliey: are -madei almost useless for anything else.'- -Their friends, their hopes, their livings, and' their training persuade them to remain in the. Ghui'ch which they i see is. corrupt ; and, on the other hand, the worldy and the other denominations looking suspihibusly " on" them as " turn coats "and traitors," will almost repel them from taking the step of renouncing the church, ;and drive them back into the despair of blindly doing as others do ! It needs a man of great courage to face such risks and follow conscience, . especially as " conscience,!' , in the course; of a/priests' -.trainings is diligently blunted, or set to sleep altogether. . In their rage, and ;in self-defence, the quondam ' brethren of the converted priest, get up all sorts of stories _ to question his veracity and < blast his character. They usually know mcti things in each others' history, : winked at by each other when all things are smoothy.and the" thieves in ai band are enjoying the common spoil, as raise doubts and create opposition. They usually kiiow "such things -in' each others': history as will, ;serve , the . turn of each other, should any of them " peach," to give colour even to' cases of prosecution in the civil courts. These matters are held in. terrorem:. over the heads of those who. begin to be honest; and wde to the poor priest who cannot any longer live in pollution and hypocrisy, should he expose the. church,, .for there -will be plenty to avenge her,, even with violence, threaten- ingrliis life, and- necessita.ting the official protection of the law 1 , Protestant husbands who hhvo Romish wives had better learn the lesson which the lecturer teaches them respecting the priestly intercourse of father confessors. We are well aware that there are priests who feel in their heart that many a priest and woman would be saved, if the Church were to relax her unscriptural and mon- strous law, by which marriage in a priest is a mortal sin, bat concubinage or im purity is only a venial offence. . 