ME. MOODY'S SEEMON. THEIIE'S no new Gospel; it's the old story. The world of to-day is always running after something new; but if you come here expecting novelty, I tell you you'll be dissapointed. Our message is. the same as that of these ministers—and with us it is in weaktoo ; for ther's hundreds of men in London can preach better nor we can. . What we want is to look right straight away from man right straight up to God. If God's goii,g to work in London, He must work in His own way, and all we're going to do is to mark out channels for the Holy Ghost. God will take His choice of instruments and means. There's a mountain. God wants to thrash that mountain. Well, He don't take j up an iron bar; He ketches hold of a little worm to thrash that mountain. When God was going to destroy the world, He did not warn a nation or tbe world, but a single man whom the nations held in contempt and jeered at. Why, God's way of delivering the children of Israel was different altogether from what ours would have been. We'd have sent an army, or if we'd been going to send a single man, we'd not have chosen one who'd been forty years at the backside of the desert. But he sent a quiet, humble kind of man, one whom we'd call I suppose a stuttering man, and He said " Tell them I AM." That was a blank cheque which he was to fill in by and by with the water from the rock and manna in the desert. The man who God works with most is always considered by the world the greatest fool. Enoch wasn't a bright man to the world, but God said "Come up here, Enoch!" Noah was the laughing-stock of bis day. Look at Joshua, going tramping around the wallB of Jerico blowing horns—the most absured thing, in tbe eyes-of the world—downright ridiculous. Why, what would the English press .'have to Bay of such a crazy-like proceeding ? Fancy the Archbishop of Canterbury trapezing round London blowing horns! He'd have had golden horns anyhow. Look at Samson—how he worked with the jawbone of an ass; he slew a thousand men. I We don't like to go to work with the jawbone of an ass; we'd.prefer polished weapons. But if we are to be in earuest, we must grab up the first jawbone of an ass we chancl on, and use it for God, Look at the seemieg absurdity of a raven Bent to feed the Propliet and then the Prophet sent for food, —not to a place with well-furnished tables, but to a poor widow, and she with a child. The Devil got his match when he got hold of John Bunyan, the Bedford tinker. I hope there mav be a Bedford tinker here to-n?ght, whom God will use for hie service. A hundred s'uch men as John WeBley would make the world tremble inside of a twelvemonth. I'd give more for such a man. as Saul of Tarsus now in London than for ten thousand such^men as are now wholly for God, being-.ndxed up with the world. London never saw^the day it hadBO many great preachers as now; but it's not the eloquence of man, but the power of G&T; breaking men's hearts, that doea tbe business. In all ages God has used seemingly weak human instruments I wonder he don't take the job out of our bands And giro the wprk to angels. It's the heart for tbe work that is wanted. It does not matter about the talents—God will find the talents. With pulpit and p«w-togetherCbristianity should be like a red hot ball rolling over the world, against which nothing can stand.— Daily News. 