? CONGBEGATIONAL UNION AND Mission. TUESDAY, MABCH 16. The Ministers and delegates assembled at 7"30 p.m. at the Congregational Church, Prince's Square, to proceed with the business of the Session, and to hear the President's address. There was a numerous audience in the body of the Anrcli. On the platform were seated the Revs. J. W. Simmons, W. Law, C. Price, W. C. Robinson, B. S. Bird, and D.B. Tinning. A hymn "Gome let us join our cheerful songs" having been wing, Rev. W. Laff said he was quite sure on behalf of the two Independent Churches of this town, that he could give a hearty welcome to their friends the Ministers and delegates who had assembled at that Session of the Congregational Union and Mission. They were very glad to see them in their midBt. It had been their prayer that they might have a pleasant and a profitable Session, and that they might take back with them pleasant memories of their visit. He trusted that the whole of those engagements would be "sanctified by the Word of God and prayer." Whilst they really looked for much in the wisdom and loving kindness of the brethren in conducting their proceedings, tliey would depend still more on the blessing of their Gracious Father, Mid he trusted they would all approach their work in tlie spirit of earnest prayer and supplication. He hoped the brethren -would enjoy themselves while in their midst, and that the treatment they received would make them so glad that tliey would have satisfaction in repeating their visit. He was sure that the ministers and members of other churches would bo glad to see and welcome tliem also. The rev. gentleman then read part of Ephesians iv, and offered prayer. The Rev. W. C. Robinson, as Secretary, read the roll of Delegates as follows:— Tamar-slrcct—Rev. C. Price, D. Room, E. L. Ditcham, W. Gurr, T. Ridge. Princc's Square—Rev. W. Law, W. S. Button, B. Dickins, John Steer, sen., C. S. Button, F. It Fysli, A. W. Bircliall, A. N. Spong, Henry Button, L. Fairthorna, — Lane, G. Wilkins. Memorial Church— Rev. W. C. Robinson, G. B. Napier, J. Tolman, G. Jolinson, W. Giblin, John "Witbrington, — Woolley. Davey-strcct—Rev. B. S. Bird, "W. A. Weyjaouth, J. E. Sa'ier, AY. J. Rout. Union Gliapd.—Rev. J. W. Simmons, R. D. Bnssell, J.Ikin, — Finlayson. Richmond.— ltev. D. B. Tinning, C. Searle. Letters of apology for non- attendance Lad been received from the Revs. Messrs. Nisbet, Shippherd, Dear, and Kennedy. "Hie Revs. Messrs. Bayley and Mell, who had been received as Congregational Ministers since the last annual meeting, had been invited to be present, but circumstances had prevented their coming. Rev. W. C. Robinson read a summary of the minutes of tlie last Council held at Hobart Town, in January, 1874. Rev. W. Law remarked that he was glad to see the Secretary agaiu in his position. Twentj'-five years ago at a meeting in the old country, lie remem< bered having heard his voice; and little did he then think that he should meet him at this distant part of the •world. And the incoming President, Mr Simmons, who had studied for some time at the Institution where he (Mr Law) partly studied for the ministry, it was gratifying to him to see on the present occasion. Tliey would sing a hymn, and then he (Mr Law) would formally give tip his position to their President. A hymn having been next sung, Rev. J. W. Simmons, the incoming President, delivered his opening address:— My Christian Friends, the Ministers, Delegates and Members of the Congregational Churches of Tasmania. It is with feelings of considerable diffidence that I venture to submit to your consideration any observations bearing on Church matters. In doing so I shall endeavour to bear in mind that I am speaking to those who bear the sacred name of Christ, and whose desire is to show forth the great- EC8S,\ the meekness and the love of the Great Redeemer, as we are gathered together in the name of the Prince of Peace. May our words, our thoughts, and our deeds be such as become the character of those who are the children of peace, and the disciples of the Lord of peace ; and though we must differ in some things, I trust we shall all agree to the well-known maxim, "In things essential, unity; in things doubtful, moderation; in all things charity." In meeting you on an occasion like this, let it not be supposed we presume to arrogate to ourselves any superiority, but we may be permitted the word of exhortation, not in the spirit of arrogance, but with a new to promote the miity of the church, the unity of the spirit, the unity of Israel; not so much •oiiity in name ; for the tribes of Israel bad their different banners, such as the Ox of Ephraim, the Eagle of Dan, and the Lion of the tribe of Judah. And in the Church there exists a variety of views and names, but we may charitably conclude that underlying all there is one great sentiment of allegiance to the Lord, the Head of the Church, which is more operative than the love of names. Many of you have read the stirring address of Mr Rogers, Chairman of the Congregational Union in England, in which ho gave utterance to the sentiment that if he believed he could serve God more faithfully, he would consider his allegiance to Christ had greater claims on him than allegiance to the name he bore. And I trust our name, as a denomination, is not so precious to us, that we should hesitate to make it subservient to the will and glory of Christ. Let us think kindly of those outside of us, and let us meet in the cultivation of the spirit of oneness in Christ. Let us bear in mind that there are those outside us who also seekto do His blessed will.- The cry sometimes comes to us, as men try to affect the dignity of priests, or to chop off some excrescenses of church arrangements, that the church is in danger. The church in danger ! What is in danger ? Take our institutions, take our Benevolent Societies, take our deeds of charity, and our blessed Sisters of Mercy who labor amid much discouragement, and against much difficulty, carrying on their work " through evil report and through good report;" let us go round Zion, and Bee how the | Spirit of Christ is operating through the means of His dear servants, and what the Jews said we may say—" Walk about Zion, and go round about her : tell the towers thereof. Mark ye well her bulwarks, consider her palaces ; that ye may tell it to the generation following. For this God is our God for ever and ever; he will be our guide even unto death." It is usual on occasions like the present to mark the changes which have transpired since our last annual meeting. The flight of time has been rapid ; our numbers are nothing to boast of, and what changes we have witnessed! At our last annual meeting there sat in our presence one who was about to leave us to visit the fatherland ; and we think of him now, enjoying the rest he so much needed, and possibly to-night he may be visiting some of those sacred spots where he had labored in years gone by. And tonight we receive into our assembly brother Bird, the successor of our friend Mr Clarke; and may I hope that his reception in our midst will not be a thing of word merely, but that it will be something generous, something noble and true (applause); that he may find in lis not bare words, but the warmth and cordiality of brethren. And may I express the hope that like the eagle, he may prove the means of stirring up the nest, and on the strength of his own wing—if I may be permitted the expression—may he be able to bear up the people of his charge, far from scenes of sense and worldliness. When we met last there was sitting with us a young man, who was preparing for the service of our Lord and Master ; he took part in the solemn service of devotion, and he shared in the public communion service, and he was received in truth and sympathy as a minister. To-night he is not iu our midst. Some of us felt last year that he was about to close his career with us, as his engagement had been brought to a termination, and that in a manner perfectly honorable and right. But what I want to get at is this, that when a man is found not to be fit for one sphere, why should we lose his work altogether 1 Experience teaches that perfect failure in one sphere may be perfect success in another. And does not experience show that the ministers of Christ are men of different talents and different gifts, some are more conspicuous for burning thoughts and powers of expression, some are men of greater sympathy; the qualifications are various ; and what are we to do with them ? Must we lose them, and shall we see them no more ? It calls to mind what seeuis to me to be a great defect in our organisation, which should afford a field for all kinds of gifts, and a display of regard for those who might remove from certain spheres, showing such men that we love them still. In the place of one who is no more with us, is a successor of physical strength, of moral and spiritual power, and as far as we may judge qualified for his great and good work And here 1 find myself brought face to face with this consideration—that when a minister who has left one communion receives an invitation to accept apastorate, would it not be desirable, on the score of courtesy, while it may not be our province to seek advice and sympathy from those from whom an invited brother comes, is it not right to show that we are not stealers of men, and that it is not necessary for us to rob other churches ; or to illustrate the point by an anecdote: at a dinner party a certain member of the company was warned that bis handkerchief was too far out of his pocket, he replied " Thank you, you know the company better than I do" (a laugh). There is yet another brother gone from our midst to whom I would refer, Mr Masters; and if Mr Masters is as unfortunate in travelling his journies as I am, I sympathise with his difficulties. We hoped he would have remained with us to do an extended work ; but no, God fits his servants for their work, and he opens doors of usefulness ; the lock comes, and the key is sent with the lock. Our Mend Masters has found another ephere, and we wish him Godspeed. Then we are called on to receive another brcther, Mr Mell, who filled a former charge; but it must be distinctly understood that no overture was made to Mr Mell until we were aware his resignation had not only been placed in the hands of his committee, but also had been accepted. How strange it is that as we have had three departures, we have three arrivals. It is not given us to say we have had an accession of strength, or that we have entered into new fields of operation ; we have not to tell of great advances on the kingdom of sin and sorrow, and the occupation of fields covering the island ; but we have to say that we are just equal, three departures and three arrivals. In connection with this thought I am reminded of a touching incident which some of us have read in the Life of Keble, who after twenty years separation met with Newman and Pusey, old college friends, under circumstances of interest, and on being about to part, one of them quoted tlie words of Shakespeare :— When shall we three meet again? When tlie hurley-hurley's done, 'When the battle's lost or won. And we may say when shall those three brethren, who are not with us to- day, meet again ? Probably not until their last meeting shall come, when they will ascribe their final victory to Him that hath loved them and washed them from their sins in His own blood. It is usual to say something of points of discipline^; and on many occasions this point of division has been stated in bold, broad, and clear terms. Permit me to-night to endeavor to keep before your minds points on which we agree rather than points on which we differ. When you see a beautiful piece of mechanism out of order, your great concern is to discover the name of the maker that you may get him to put it to rights, and not put it into the hands of any little tinker who may think himself capable. Now, just so with the machinery of the Church, instead of looking to one and another to adjust it, you are agreed to take the machine to its Great Maker ; to pray to TTjm as of old "Create in me a clean heart, and renew within me a right spirit;" and we look to Him to cure defects, and who is ready to give us " repentance towards God and faith in our Lord Jesus Christ." This we are agreed upon. We do not see large pictures in this sanctuary in which the central object is the cross ; but I would ask you to turn your attention to the cross, and you are agreed that the work of that cross is the foundation of saving truth for time and eternity. But can you tell its power, can you dive deep into the secret, the great " mystery of godliness 1" Have you ever stood by the side of one suddenly striken down by paralysis 1 And what could you say ? The wife, the mother, the medical man standing by could not help, and you could only leave him to the Maker of the wonderful machinery, whose " still small voice" only could speak to that soul, and give the blessing of peace according to the fullness of the eternal word. We are agreed on the power of the living gift of the Comforter. We are agreed that high and low, servant and master, shall meet together at the Great Day—that there shall be a resurrection of the just and the unjust; but we are not agreed on the awful sentence of eternal, retribution—it's no part of our business to decide that great question ; but we are agreed on the cost of souls, the great sacrifice offered on Calvary by our Lord Jesus Christ. These are points of unity, and with such a grand foundation shall we quarrel together, shall we be ready to cut each others throats on minor matters, and shall we seekto crowd every village and town with separate churches of distinctive names and denominations ? Must we quarrel about these things, when we see there is scope for proclaiming the central truths of .our faith ; when we see that there is much work to do and much land to be overtaken 1 And in these days of conflict and disunion is it too late for the spirit of conciliation and mutual forbearance to be exercised, and to agree to labor together for our common good and the higher interests of our fellow creatures? Shall we labor more for, the peculiar distinctions of this or that denomination than for the greater good of sending to our brethren the blessed tidings of God's love and mercy 1 Take up the English papers and we see that public harlots are being reclaimed, and that converted thieves and pugilists are carrying to persons of their own class the tidings of salvation ; and shall we be content to let others do the work while we fight for church names and places 1 _ But some one will say if there be this broad ground of Christian work how do you propose to teach your young people the foundation of the Christian system, the veiy creed on which you stand? When are you going to teach the children the creed? Why, are you going to set yonr little children to learn your creed} To say " here my little child I will teach you the creed," and you begin, and where are you and what effect has your teaching on his infantile mind ? No, I would say teach the child benevolence, teacll it gentleness, teach it self-denial, and God will teach it better lessons than ideas of greatness and denominational distinction; he will teach lessons of love and when those lessons have been learned, then you can follow with lessons about your creeds. Then, it may be asked, what shall we do with our young people ? Why, give that boy a copy of the Bible, a large sheet of paper, and a good pencil; and if the boy comes to you and asks you for the foundation of your faith, you say " Here it is, my boy," and that will tell him plainly from the page itself, what he wants to know. I will read you a few extracts appropriate to the subject of creeds. Mr T. W. Mossman, B.A., Torrington, Lincolnshire, in his " History of the Catholic Church of Jesus Christ from the death of St. John to the middle of the Second Century," a witness from the enemy's camp, says :— To me it seems that there has been enough of wrangling, enough of disputing. Henceforth cannot Christians learn to be one in the love of the one Father, and of His one enly Begotten Son, and the one Eternal Spirit of grace and truth?" * * * * A student of the fathers I had been almost all my life, but had always read tliem with a ready made apparatus of Anglican views and theories at hand to interpret them, until a few years ago I resolved to review the whole of the anti-nicene literature, divesting myself, as far as I could, of preconceived opinions. This histoid is the result of that review. I am not surprised that under the former system I always, or nearly always found Anglicanism in the fathers ; nor that I liave since discovered comparatively little «f it, but a very great deal of what is not Jiglicanifim." The mistake which has been made by the advocates of what is called the divine or apostolic institution of episcopacy has been, that they have gone to writers of the third and fourth centuries—such as St. Cyprian and St. Ambrose, to prove their point, instead of ascending to the first and second centuries where they would have found themselves in a far different atmosphere. Thus in teaching children to read the Bible we shall not find much of Catholicism, or of Anglicanism, Presbyterianism, or Wesleyanism, and as little shall we find of Congregationalism; but we shall find much of the love of the Spirit—much of that Christian courtesy— which distinguished the Lord Jesus Christ himself. From Heniy Smith, the silvertongued, as he was called, who flourished about 1613, I quote the following :— A Church may be, yea, a true Churchmay be, and is, though it have neither elders, nor deacons, nor discipline in it; for we read in ActB ii. 41, 42, 43, 47, of an assembly of people at Jerusalem that received the Word of God and believed, and which are expressly called a Church, and who can or dare deny them to be the true Church of God, while the Holy Ghost doth so testify of them'? And yet at that time no deacons were chosen, nor consistories of elders created. For they were not erected till afterwards. And therefore a true Church of God may be, though asyotit have not these, for this desired discipline is not an essential part of the Church." And to turn again to Mossman, he says : It is well for Christian men not to forget that the Catholic Church is the living body of a living Christ, and dependent for its perpetual life and being upon one only thing, the everabiding presence of the living Spirit, God the Holy Ghost. The Martyr Church of Madagascar, a noble Church, won for Christ in our own generation, by the efforts of CongregationalChristians, seems to have reproduced very exactly in the 19th century the lineaments of the Martyr Church of the three firstcenturies. I quote these words not from writers of our own order, but from those who adopt different views. Let me speak one word to the young people, and say, my young friends, do not desert the Church of your fathers ; do not without sufficient foundar tion leave the associations of early years ; and as Congregationalists we can boast of a noble ancestry, such as Milton, Howe, Robinson, the Pilgrim Fathers, Doddridge, Isaac Watts, Wardlaw, and Pye Smith, to some of whom we can look back in the days of our childhood when arrangements were made in the sanctuary for our comfort as children without disturbing the adult congregation; and we can call to mind the minister in his Geneva robe, and we wondered how he prepared his sermon ; and we love their memory still. Before you suffer yourselves to be led away from the church of your fathers, consider the broad sympathy you experienced in early days, and the precious memories connected with them. I was anxious to have said something about the condition of our country pastors. Do we think sufficiently of their position ' A band of brave and noble men, have we paused to consider their privations ( Sometimes the members of our town congregations are disposed to treat them disparagingly, and when they come to occupy the pulpit, "Oh," it is said, "it is the country minister to-day." Are their churches to be visited by the town minis" ters, and when they come to town ZT^TthemBelvos left out in the cold? AAin, do we know what the country tStore are receiving ? We know that in Hie towns if a minister cannot get bread in one way be can in another. Ajidare gueh things possible that though they build beautiful structures in the country districts, and people give very liberally indeed to erect them, when the collector calls, they have forgotten the little mouths that have to be fed. Were such things possible let it be known, and let the cry of "shame !" be heard, and let it be remembered that there are those who are devoting their lives to the sacred work of ministering to their charges. So neglected, can such men labor with comfort or satisfaction ? How different the case where there are willing servants of Christ, noble spirits, smoothing the path 0f life—praying, sympathising men bound together and united to build up, and not break down, the walls of Jerusalem. If, however, with the sympathy and Christian efforts of the people, there be a man who cannot succeed in one sphere, let him give way to some other man who can. The day is coming, my brethren, when men will not care for straws, but so long as a man, with the deep spirit of religious earnestness, labors for the sake of the Lord Jesus Christ, he will carry before his mind the sentiment of their Master, "My meat and my drink is to do the will of my Father," and the more so knowing that life is fast passing away, and "the night cometh when no man can work." Just as our lives are elevated, and our congregations imbibe the spirit of Christ, will they love us—they will be cheered on in their way to the better land, and bid us God-speed ; and then, if our spirits fail, we may take comfort and draw our consolation from the analogies of nature, for "Except a corn of wheat fall into the ground and die, it abideth alone; but if it die, it bringeth forth much fruit." And do you yet need encouragement in your work ? Be true to your part in this grand enterprise, and go forward still. It was for the joy set before the Saviour that he endured the cross and despised the shame, the joy of seeing his kingdom of righteousness, joy and peace established in the earth : that joy is yours; work and wait, and the Lord Jesus Christ will come again, and when he comes to take you 10 himself, you •will find already lost children waiting for you, to give you welcome, and to share with you the honors of service and of victory. Servant of God listen to words of cheer and comfort, spoken by your faithful Lord and Master " If any man serve me' let him follow me ; and where I am there shall also my servant be : if any man serve me, him will my father honor." Bear with those words, notwithstanding the frailty of him who calls your attention to them, let them have all the weight that their importance demands. " We having the same spirit of faith, according as it is written, I believed, and therefore liave I spoken ; we also believe, and therefore speak " (applause). Rev. C. Price proposed a vote of thanks to the Chairman for his address, and said he had been pleased with the character of that address. It first inculcated Christian charity, love to the brethren, and love to all those who love the Lord Jesus Christ in sincerity. He also much sympathized with those remarks concerning the brethren who had come and those who had gone, for such needed their generous sympathy. It did not follow that those who had retired from particular departments of the work had left the Lord's vineyard, and they were entitled to their sympathy and prayers; as to those who had come, it would be well to remember that they had not come to be criticized, but to be helped and sympathized with. Then, he was pleased that he had referred to and made the centre of his address, those things on which they agreed. The Christian Church was coming more and more round to look at things in which they agreed more than those in which they differed. When he (Mr Price) commenced preaching fifty years ago, such questions were sharply discussed, and often strong feeling was evoked. But those fifty years had toned that down veiy much, and Christians though different in their views, had been taught to love one another, and show the ^P 11^ unity amongst those who were the body of Christ. He also rejoiced in the reference made to the first ages of f church ; he (Mr Price) always felt wiat they belonged to the apostolic age iapplause). He believed that the spirit ana character which was coming over the churches was, that they might see eye ™ eye on truths in which they were agreed, and that they might now to the world love to each other and oneness in Christ; that bigotry should "o trodden down, and that the spirit of nf il under the teaching and guidance ** me Holy Ghost should prevail, till the f» 1 ? \S should be brought to the wet of Christ. o r i d He believed such was the J ' character of the address to he £V a n d tened, and therefore eolnt; h e y k h a pleasure d lifi in moving the re- m u c Rev. B. S. Bird rose to second the resolution, and aaid he had listened with pleasure to the address, and that on various grounds, personal as well as Christian, he thought it proper to express his gratitude for the kind reference to himself, as that was the first occasion of his being amongst them in Tasmania, as succeeding their friend Mr Clarke, who had found it necessary for purposes of health and rest to go to Europe. He felt thankful for the sympathy shown, and the words Mr Simmons gave utterance to referring to himself as coming among them, and the hopes expressed for his success, and it was only becoming of him to express thankB for the same. And with his own name he thought he ought to couple those whose names had also been mentioned as having lately been received into the Union—Mr Bayley and Mr Mell. Were they present they would express their thankfulness for the kind way in which they had been referred to ; and knowing them personally, and feeling that they ought to be heartily welcomed as ministers, he took it upon himself to speak in behalf of those absent brethren. As to the views expressed by the President they had his (Mr Bird's) hearty sympathy. No doubt in these times there was a great deal more of that spirit of Christian charity than there was fifty years ago, as mentioned by tlieir venerable friend, Mr Price. And yet there was need for that counsel which had been given to-night; for the ministers felt this that in their audiences there were those who had not a full measure of Christian charity and who were disposed to be captious, and to find fault when anything was advanced that was not in accordance with what had been maintained from the pulpit in years gone by ; and he thought they had a right to urge the spirit of Christian charity on all those who listened to the truths proclaimed by God's servants ; and that they should receive their ministrations kindly and in the spirit of charity, remembering that character and not creed was a great feature to be regarded. He then spoke in terms of approval of the reference made in the address to the teaching creeds to children and said if in the training of children they were to observe the principle of character not creed, they would have a greater amount of prosperity prevailing. Surely the time for wrangling was passed ! The world was lying in sin around them, and there was work to do, without quarrelling and wrangling about minor points. They needed the spirit of Christ to make them earnest for the great work of souls, that they mijrht not be wholly engrossed with trifles, but that they might heartily and earnestly attend to do the work they had to do, and build up instead of casting down. Sympathising in the President's remarks to this end, he heartily seconded the resolution (applause). Rev. W. C. Robinson put the resolution, which was passed. The President returned thanks for the patience of the assembly in listening to him, and for their kindness in passing the resolution. The proceedings closed with singing, and the benediction. 