? .... , the ? ' ?'' ? ?'? ?'? OLD HOUSE BY THE BOYNE; OB, EEC0LLE0TIONS OF A3f IRISH BOJftOUGH. B* MRS. I SADLIIR. CHAPTER XVII. Tf was night, an Italian night, and the air was heavy with the rich perfumes of south «b gardens in their autumnal bloom ; through the open windows of a firer-floor Stiaitfienfc in Leghorn the breath of the tnvrtle and the acacia was wafted in From the \L\m on which the room ope.ned by a glass dootin the centre, and the light branches of the overhanging creepers were traced in shadowy outlines on the teselated floor ; gthe waning moon was declining in the heavens, and her gentle light streamed in with mellow radiance, full, bright, and yellow, for it was the harvest moon. A solitary watcher was m the room, read ing at a table by the flickering light of a lamp. One who has seen him before can easily recognize him again ; it is Signor Malvili, the father of. Giacomo and Madda lena, now alone in the solitude of his quiet dwelling- The night wore on and still he read, absorbed, it would seem, in the volume before him, old Froissart's delightful 'Chronicles.' , At length he closed the book, and looking at his watch, started to find that the night was already half spent ; he arose, went to the door and stood awhile looking out on the trees and the flowers of his garden, and the | grass-grown alleys half seen, half hid in the I yellow light. He looked up to the moonlit sky and I 'That spangled heavens, a shining frame,' I which, to all the generations of men 1 ? ' Their Greab Original proclaim. ' I Hia heart was uplifted to the Author of 1 creation ; he was well accustomed to 'look 1 thro' Nature, up to Nature's God,' for he I had studied that noble science in a noble Is school; ? he had ' been down to the sea m, I ships, and had seen the wondere of the Lord ; I on the great deep.' Then he thought of 1 times long past when he was wont to ex i change his thoughts and feelings with one I] whom he loved, and by whom he thought I himself beloved. He thought of the rude || shock that had dispelled his youth's bright ij dreams, and left his life to the dull routine 1; of duty. Throwing himself on a sofa, he ij covered his eyes with his hands and lay amid |l the shadows of the past, unconscious of the |j flight of time, till warned by the clock strik k ing the third hour of morning, when he 1; slowly arose, and muttering to himself — || 'Can it be true what they tell me ? shall I ij not have parted with my daFflng child in ft vain1} God knows ; God only knows' ; he Ij lit his night-lamp whi«h stocd on 1 a small table at the further end I of the room, and after fasten - I ing the doors and the windows, extinguished j[j the lamp on the centre-table and went up :]S stairs. There was a beautiful Madonna in I 1 his chambor ; a small cabinet picture painted by some old master ; it might have been the I blessed Fra Angelico himself, so ineffable, so ! wine was the expression, or Eaffaelo, in the I graceful air of the head, the pose, as painters | are wont to term it. It was before this ex quisite picture of our Lady that Signor Mai vili usually said his night and morning prayers, and if that image could have spoken » could have told the story of his life for jany a year past. When he knelt before it | pat night, or rather morning, in the dimly. j 'gated room, it seemed to him as though the ; gracious countenance wore asweetersmile even ! 'an usual, and a tenderer look of maternal ; 'eve and pity beamed from the sad, soft eyes. I A ieeling of peace, that was almost joy. took S Possession of the soul of that pilgrim of life, I 2{kuelt so lovingly, so trustingly there, | JJJ try that hour, he felt no more as he IJf ,'elt- tne bitterness was gone, and the Justness of hope came again, not as of old, ElS°othinS and encouraging to the Euihad lonS ceased to look forward JJJght that was of earth. His dreams that Svm Peasant ; Maddalena was there, ifvmo'and one other long lost and S Zlms at?d a11 were g*ad ™d Dappy Jjwnagtogatherin some far bright land floS ' W£ere mu3ic of celestial sweetness 4eL?Orel5nel^day8 Passed slowly by, Si &'id ^d.der in the h0U8e' hy the Ce W °f ?ld Nanetta- who could not i,!rf ma3ter for sending; her young CnS a/ay fr°m home ; blufl Paolo m t**monsolatQ- -™-* little €liul!a ^ vanLKV the sul«hine apnettted to cat had ceased to purr ; the house was sileni as the grave. But the master of the house was neithei so sad nor. gloomy as usual, and he smiled often to himself, thinking how bright and joyous all wotild be again when his Madda lena came home, and Giacomo, and— whe else?— he asked himself, then smiled again, and went on his way, almost rejoicing. For so lonely a man, and one outwardly so calm and cold, he enjoyed much of the sunshine of the heart at that particular time, though why it was so, was not very clear to himself. One day Signor Malvili received a lettei from Giacomo, enclosing one from Madda lena; the tetter- letter drew tears from his eyes, though little given was he to the melt ing mood. Maddalena's letter, which was in Italian, ran as follows ; ' My clearest father,— I cannot tell you how sorry I am to be away so very far home ; F hope you are not so sorry for- your poor Maddalena's absence as she is for yours. But I am glad tobe'here, if you were only with me, for I do so love Giacbmo's'Miss Ack land, and I. like Miss Rose very much, but not half so well as I dp her aunt. Oh I if you only knew Miss Aeklaiid, I am sure you would love, her dearly ;? she is so sweet to look at, and I love to hear her speak. I never saw any one like her, not for that she is so handsome, but so gentle find so graceful. I fancy she is like some pictures I have seer, of our sweet Madonna. Oh-! I wish you knew her. Could you not come and see us while I am here 1 I should like you to see the old house, and the garden, and every thing ; it is so nice, and quiet, with such an old-fashioned look all about it. Do try and come. I cannot be happy when I think that I shall not see my dearest father for s long time. 'Ever your own, '' Maddalena.' The father, much affected, laid down the letter, and, resting his head on his hand, re mained for a while in deep thought, his eyes fixed on vacancy; at length he started, and took up Giacomo's letter, which was written in English, He had not read far when he began to laugh, and laughed as he had not laughed for many a long year ; this was the passage of the letter that excited his risible faculties : ' Our. little Maddalena is delighted with the old hopse, but she would not be quite so taken with it did she know what I know about it, or rather what old Nancy knows. It appears that the house is haunted by the ?ghost of a certain Captain Melville who used to be a visitor here a very long time ago, and who was ? actually seen' by Miss Ackland not many weeks since ; so the old woman told me' in confidence, and she fur ther informed me that ' Miss Eosej^' is just as much afraid as she is herself, only they dusn't let on to Miss Lyddy. As yet Mad dalena is not in the secret, as Nancy says the poor thing would he frightened out of her wits if she only knew it.' When Signor Malvili, having enjoyed his laugh, had regained his usual composure, he glanced once more over the letter, and he re peated to himself— 'They hide their fears from her, though it was she who saw the — the ghost ; then she does not fear the appari tion.' There was a subdued tenderness in his tone, and a soft emotion in his eyes, that seemed foreign to his character, and indi cated a new train of thought ; he arose and made several turns to and fro across the room — stopped at the window and looked out, though little heeding, it would seem, what was passing in the street below ; neither did the beauty of the bright autum nal day arrest hia eye ; his thoughts were far distant, and there was a strange trouble in his look and on his face that grew into a calm and settled determination ; he smiled then, and drew himself up as one who had gained a victory over some ancient enemy within himself, or had cast off a weary load that for long had crushed the heart within him. He took another letter from his pocket, one he had received some days be fore, and he said half aloud as his eye ran over the lines : ?* How much of his boyish temperament still remains, and how many of hi? boyish peculiarities. And I shall see him, too. I wonder what he looks like now. How my heartswells at the thought of seeing them all once again.' Then he added, after a pause — ' Whoever told me this a year ago, how I would have scouted the idea.' The evening of that day came on gray and gusty, sucLas we. often seen in the early autumn, when ' the melancholy days' are drawing near, and the year is passing into the sear and yellow leaf. Signor Malvili loved such cloudy skies, such boisterous weather, better than the brightness of sum mer, or the fair promise of spring, for he had been a sailor in bis youth, and the sailor's instincts were yet strong within him. He loved to wander on the shore when the winds were abroad, and the billows surged and heaved, and the curlew shrieked among the rocks ; such an evening was that which fol lowed the receipt of those letters, and he strolled down to the beach an hour or so be fore sundown, to enjoy the wild commotion of the elements, and admire tho dread Omni xrtenco of Him who comiriurida botfe wisd mi T?a?*» WftUsin£ sftovJy along tfcstwwb/ ' b ; the' 'waves at times almost washing his feet, 1 he pondered over the years of his life, the r various phases through which that iife had 1 passed, and the causes that had produced the L most important results. ^ One scene ©f the past was before him, as it often was ;' the re collection of it had many a time raised a tumult in his soul that only the voice of re ligion could calm, and that only after a hard struggle. Now in silence and in solitude, with the voice of winds and waters in his ear, and the lowering sky and the angry sea before him, the salutary thoughts, the gentler emotions of the morning came back again, (and he asked himself ' What am I that I should be so hard, so unforgiving % Have I not borne ? what 1 oh ! never hatred— but anger, long enough 1 and now when I have reason to think that I was mis taken, after all, why not acknowledge my fault, and know again the calm delight of friendship— friendship' — he repeated, and ho smiled j * ' how oddly the word sounds in that connection. Friendship, ay, what mere* could I expect? Even that would be far beyond my deserts. Then suppose not even that were given me — suppose I were regarded still as worse than a stranger, and that the spark of affection had died out in that heart, if it ever really loved me, as I once dared to hope, suppose my reappearance should only bring back unpleasant recollections, ancl disturb the even tenor of a calm and tranquil life— ah ! if it proved so, how could I bear it1? how could I iergive myself for the fol'y of which I had been guilty 1 No, I wiil not do it — I will not run the risk of failure, where failure were so destructive of all my earthly peace, and probably the peace and happiness of my children. I am quiet now, if not happy, and I will endeavour to' rest content.' At that moment, a ray of sunshine broke through the clouds westward, and, as if by magic,. the sea was covered with a golden glory, the tall, bare masts of the ships in harbour, and their sailless rigging, were tinted with the richest crimson, and the city itself was all aglow with the flush of sunset. ' Ha !' said Malvili, still soliloquising. ' heaven itself clears up my doubts — I will take that splendid flash of sunlight as a favourable augury, and I wiil hope all things — all ; even my life may have its flash of sun shine before its evening darkensinto the night of age. Courage, mon castor, courage.' The sunset was still gilding the dome of the Turk ish mosque and all its taper minarets, and resting lovingly on the spires of the Chris tian temples, when, the lonely watcher. by the sea turned his steps homewards, a new hope, a new energy suddenly alive within him, sending the life-blood quicker through his veins, and flushing h-is cheek again with the long- vanished hues of youth. The darkness and tho storm were over. * ; ???'* ? * # That night old Nancy had been entertain ing the young people in the old house by the Boyne with some of her old- time stories : to Maddalena they were all new, and Madda lena, simple child, loving the marvellous, was more than all delighted. Then for the first time, she heard of the fairies, their gay revels on the velvet sward, their moonlight rides and the gallant show they make winding on their way through the forest glades, and by the silvery streams, and along the green hill sides of that old land of beauty and romance, the home of the western Gael. Of the tricks they love to play on mortals, sometimes in sport, sometimes in malice, and the wonders of their enchanted halls at times revealed to mortal ken. Of divers midwives and nurses, Maddalena heard with amazement, who had been carried off bodily to minister in their respective capacities to the wives and chil dren of Fairyland. This was the hardest trial of all to Maddalena's credulity, but Nancy assured her that the '? good people' did require midwives and nurses, for had not such and such a one of her acquaintance been taken away for the very purpose, and the Italian girl was fain to believe her, wondering much the while how such things could be. Of the leprachaun and the wild phooka she heard, and the banshee, and many other sprites of greater and lesser renown amongst the tribes of fairydom. and Maddalena began to think that people in Ireland were singu larly favoured in living amongst sueh de lightful creatures as the fairies, with a chance of obtaining admission, now and then, to their gorgeous palaces within the ancient raths, and of hearing their charmed music in the stillness of the night. Then the gifts they gave to their favourites amongst mortals : the wed* ding presents, and christening presents, re wards of industry, and all the rest. Who would not wish to be the recipient of fairy bounty ? So Maddalena said ; and Rose, laughed, and Giacomo and Miss Ackland smiled at her simple earnestness. She, at east, had none of those 'wretched doubt ings' which the poet pathetically accuses of having banished 'All the graceful spirit people, children of the earth and sea, Whom in days now dim and olden, whea tie world was fresh a-ul qolden, Ev&'ry mortal could behold ia haunted rath, and toVei*1! and tree»' »? ¥H\\\\-' f$i& $to*ef rcaaittittj? ker eompo tsars) (l % l&$ i&* &U;^; l??i M&W;§S8** . that is, to hear of them, you know ; for, of course, one never expects to see them.' ' Then you don't expect to see them V ''Why, «o, child,' and Rose laughed again ; ' I might when I was very young ? ' ' And how long may that be ?' interrupted Giacomo gmvely. . .. ! ' Oh ! I don.t know — it is a long time ago . . now; but, Maddalena, you woldn't like to see' a ghost, would you ?' ' A ghost — oh, dear me, no.' 'The Lord save us, Miss.Rose,' cried r Nancy, ' what makes you say the like o' . that?' And the old woman shuddered as she looked back over her shoulder, and all around. ' Mockin's catchin', you know.'' :1 'Very true, Nancy,' said G-iacomo with- out pausing to consider what he was saying — ' who knows but that Captain Melville ','. might be showing himself. This is .fust the ,. night for a sailor's ghost to appear/* ? ( To be continued.) 