TALES AND SKETCHES. THE IiAW AND THE LAD BY: WELKIE COLLINS Chapter XXIV. — First View. We had dawdled over onr luncheon, beforS Mrs. Macallan arrived at Benjamin's cottages f The ensuing conversation between the old lady and myself (of which I havo only, presented A brief abstract) lasted until anita latn in ItiA/ afternoon. Tho sun was setting in heavy' cloudsi' : when wo got into the carriage ; and tho autumiy twilight began to fall round lis while we werf; still onthoroad. The direction in which wo drove took OS'(<ui ! well as I could judge) towards the great' north era suburb of London. For more than an hour, the < -carriage threaded its way through a dingy brick labyrinth of streets1 growing smaller and smaller, and dirtier and dirtier, tho farther wo wont. Emerging front the labyrinth, I noticed in tho gathering darkness' dreary patches of waste ground which seemed to be neither town nor country. Crossing these/ we passed some forlorn outlying groups of houses with dim little scattered shops among them/ looking like lost country villages wandering on the way to London ; disfigured and smoke-dried already by their journey! DSrkor and darker, drearier and drearier tho prospect' grow — until the carriage stopped at last, and Mrs. Macallan announced, in hor sharply- satirical way, that wo1 had reached the ond of our journoy. " Prinefl:- Dexter's Palace, my dear," she Boid. ' What do you think of it ?" I looked round me — not knowing what to thitf of it, if the the troth must be told; We had got out of the carriage, and wo WCT#1 standing on a rough half-made gravel path1 Right and left of me, in tho dim light, I saw thfl< half-completed foundations of new houses in their first stage of existence. Boards and bricks weiQf' scattered about us. At places, gaunt scaffolding; poles rose liko the branchless trees of tho brick- desert. Behind ns, on the other side of the high' road, stretched another plot of waste-ground, as yet not built on. Ovor the surface of this second' desert, the ghostly white figures of vagrant ducks- gleamed at intorvalss in the mystic light. Ia front of ud, at a distance of two hundred yards or so, as well as I could calculate, rose a- black mass which gradually resolved itself, as- my eyes' became accustomed to the twilight, into a long low, and ancient house, with a hedge of everf- greens and a pitch-black paling in front of it. Tfiir footman led the way towards the paling, through the boards and tho bricks, the oyster-shells and the broken crockery, that stowed tho ground And this was " Prince Dexter's Palace J" j There was a gate in the pitch-black paling and a bell handle— discovered with gre&ft; difficnlty. Palling at the handle, the foctmⅈ set in motion, to judge by the sound' produced, a bell of prodigious size, fitter for a church than a house. " "While we were waflftng for admission, MrtrS Macallan pointed to the low dork line of the o building. "There is one of his madnesses 1" she said? "The speculators in this new neighborhood havo- offered him I don't know how many thousand-' pounds for the ground that honso stands on. IK was originally tboj.manor-house of the district/ Dexter purchased it, many years since, inoneot his freaks of fancy. He has no old family fissbdS tions with tho place : the walls are aU but- tumbling abont his ears ; and the money offered' would really bo of nsetohim. Butno l Hetefosdd' tbe proposal of the enterprising speculators, by letter, in these words : 'My house is a standing monument of the picturesque and beautif ol, amid the mean, dishonest and grovelling Constructions- of a mean, dishonest, And grovelling age. I- Ueegr my bouse, gentlemen, as a useful lesson to yotff Lsokatit, while you ate building ronndme--.. and blush, if yon can, for your own -work.' W0St; there ever such an absurd letter written yet .-Jf Hnsh.M bear footsteps in the gurdlur. If&gV; Oomcs his cousin. His cousin is a woman. I may an well toll yon that, or you might mistake iier for a man, in. the dark." A rough deep voice, which. I should certainly cover have supposed to be the voico of a woman, hailed- us from the inner side of the paling. "WJio'b there?" "Mrs. Macallan," answered my ..mother-in- Saw. , " What do you want ?" . ( ." Wo want to see Dexter." ;\\- ' You can't see him." " Why not ?" " What did you say your name was ?" . . . l'Macallan. Mrs.Macallah. Eustace Macallan's -dothcr. Now do you understand ?" The voice mutterod and grunted behind the paling, and a key turned in the lock of the gate. Admitted to the garden, in the deep shadow of tho shrubs, I could soo nothing distinctly of tho woman with the rough voice, except that she wore a man's hat. Closing the gate behind ns, without a word of welcome or explanation, she led the way to the house. Mrs. Macallan followed her easily, knowing the place ; and I walked in > Mis. Macallan's footsteps as ciosely as I could. rThis is a nicefamily," my mother-in-law whis pered to mo. " Doxter's cousin is the only woman in the house— and Dexter's cousin is an Idiot." . We entered a spacious hall, with a low ceiling — dimly lit at its farther end by one small oil lamp. I. could see that there were pictures on the grim teown walla-rbut the. subjects represented were invisible in the obscure and shadowy light. Mrs. Macallan addressed herself to the speech- Ibis cousin, with the man's hat. " Now tell me, " she said. " Why can't we see $»xter?" The cousin took a sheot of paper off the hall tlble, and handed it to Mrs. Macallan. 'The Master's- writing !" said this strange Creature, in a hoarse whisper, as if the bare idea of " the Master" terrified her. " Read it. And' itay, or go, which you please." She opened an invisible side-door in the wall, masked by one of the pictures— disappeared through it, like a ghost— and left us together, ftlone in the hall,' . Mrs. Macallan approached the. oil lamp, and looked by its light at .the sheet of paper which the woman had. given to hor. I followed, and peaped over her shoulder, without ceremony. 3Jhe paper exhibited "written characters, traced In a wonderfully large and firm hand- writing. Had I caught the infection of madness In the air of the "house ? Or did I really see be fore me these words? '' " Not tOB.-7-My immense imagination is at work. Visions of heroes unroll themselves beforo me. I re-animate in myself the spirits of tho departed great. My brains are boiling in my head. Any person who disturbs me, under existing circum stances, will do it at the peril of their lives, — Dkxtkr." -Mrs. Macallan looked round at me quiotly with her sardonic smile. " Do yon still persist in wanting to bo intro. ducedtohim?" she asked. ; .The mockery in the tone of the question roused my pride. I determined th'at I would not be the first to give way. < " Not if I am putting you in peril of your life, ma'am," I answered, pertly enough, pointing; to tho paper in her hand. My mother-in-law returned to the hall-table, ftnd put the paper back on it, without condescend ing to reply. She then led the way to an arched recess on our right-fland, beyond which I dimly discerned a broad flight of oaken stairs. " Follow me," said Mrs. Macallan, mounting the stairs in the dark. " I know where to find him." . We groped qur way. up the stairs to the first lauding. The next flight of steps,' turning in the reverse direction,' was faintly illuminated, like the hall below, by one oil lamp, placed in some in visible position above us. Ascending the second flight of stairs, and crossing a short corridor, we discovered tho lamp, through tho open door of a quaintly-shaped circular room, burning on the mantelpiece. Its light illuminated a strip of thick tape3try, hanging loose from the ceiling to the floor,, on the wall opposite to the door by which" we had entered. Mrs. Macallan drew aside the strip of tapestry, and, signing to me to follow her, passed behind it, . ;. , "Listen !" she whispered. .Standing on the inner side of the tapestry, I found myself in a dark recess or passage, at the end of which, a ray of light from the lamp Bhowedmeaclqsed door. I listened, and heard, op. the other; side of the door, a shouting voice, accompanied by an extraordinry rumbling and whistling sound travelling backwards and for wards, as well as I could judge, over a great space. Now the rumbling and the whistling would roach their climax of loudness, and would overoome the resonant notes of the shouting voice. Then, again, those louder sounds gradu ally retreated into distance, and the shouting, voice made itself heard -as the , more audible sound of the two. The door must have been of prodigious solidity." Listen asmtentlj'las I might, I failed- to catch tho articular , words (if any) which the.; voice was pronouncing, "and I was equally at" a loss to penetrate ' the' cause .which produced tho rumbling. and whistling sounds,' '"What can possibly be going" ohj". I. whispered (o Mrs. Macallan, ".on the other side of that \- door?" \ ' ; ,./ . . "Step, softly," toy mother-in-law answered, 'and coraeandsee." ' ... " She arranged,tbe tapesiry behihl us, so ns com pletely. to shut out'tfie' liglit'iri file circiilar.room, . Then, noiselessly tufning'Ihehhndle; she opened the heavy door. ' V : i.V .We kept ourselves, concealed/in the phadow'of : the recess, and. lqpked through the open doorway, v. -I saw v(or fancied I saw/in tho obscurity) along room,' with a low ceiling,. The dying gleam "of an ill-kept- fire formed the' only light by which I Could judge of. objects arid" distances, ! Redly' illuminating the central portion of .the -rooih, op posite to which we were ."stduig;4jffb'>fir6iigtii left the ; extremities, shadowed .in almost total' darkness. " LHad barely. time to-nptice .tliis, be fore I beard the rumbling and- whistling sounds approaching me. A high chair on wheels mojrosl through the field- of -ed light, carrying. shadowy figure with floating hair, and : arms furiously .raised and Iowored, working tho ma chinery that propelled the chair at its utmost rate of speed. " I am "Napoleon, at the sunrise of Austorlitz ! " shouted the man in the chair as ho swept past me, on his rumbling and whistling whools, in the red glow .of the firelight. " I give the word ;'atid thrones rock, and kings fall, and nations tremble, and meyi by tens of thousands fight and bleed and die ! " The chair rushed out of sight, and the shouting, man became in it another hero. "I am Nelson !" the ringing voice cried now. "I am leading the fleet at Trafalgar, I issue my commands, prophetically conscious of victory and death. I see my owii apotheosis— my public funeral, ray nation's tears, my burial in the glorious church. Tbo ages remember me, and the poets sing my praise in immortal verse ! " The strident wheels turned at the far end of the room, and came back. The fantastic and frightful apparition, man and machinery blended in one — the new Centaur, half man, half chair— flew by me again in tho dying light " I am Shakspeare ! " . cried the frantic creature now. " I am writing Lear, the tragedy of tragedies. Ancients and moderns, I am the poet who towers over them alL Light ! light ! the line3 flow oat like lava from the eruption of my volcanic mind. Light 1 light ! for the poet of all time to write the words that live for ever 1 " He groaned and toro his way back towards the middle of tho room. As he approached the fire-place, a lost morsel of unburnt coal (or wood) burst into momentary ; flame, and showed the open doorway. In that moment, he saw us ? The -wheel-chair stopped with a shock that shook the crazy old door of the room, altered its course, and flew at us with the rush of a wild animal. We drew back, just in' time to escape it, against the wall of the recess. The chair passed on, and burst aside the hanging tapestry. The light of the lamp in the circular room poured in through the gap. The creature in the chair checked his furious wheels, and. looked back over his shoulder with an impish curiosity horrible t-o see. "' Have I run over them? Have I ground them to powder for presuming to intrude on, me?" he said to himself. As the expression of this . amiable donbt passed his lips, his eyeB lighted on us. His mind instantly veered back again to Shakspeare and King Lear. " Gtoneril and Regan!" he cried. "My two unnatural daughters, my she-devil children come to mock, at me !" "Nothing of th6 sort," said my mother-in-law, as quietly as if she was addressing a perfectly. , reasonable being. "I am your old friend, Mrs. Macallan ; and I have brought Eustace Macallan's second wife to see you." . The instant she pronounced those last words, "Eustace Macallan's second wife," the. man in the chair sprang oat of it with a shrill cry of horror, as if she had Bhot him. For one moment we Baw a head and body in the air, absolutely deprived of the lower limbs. The moment after, the terrible creature touched the floor as lightly as a monkey, on his hands, The grotesque horror of the scene culminated in his hopping away, on his hands, at a prodigious speed, until he reached the fireplace in the long room. Thore, he crouched over the dying embers, shuddering and shivering, and muttering, " Oh, pity me> pity me!" dozens and dozens of times over "to. himself. This was the man whose advice I had come to ask — whoso assistance I had confidently counted on, in my hour of need! ... Chapter XXV.— Miserrimus Dexter— Second \- View. .. ; Thoroughly disheartened and disgusted, and (if I must honestly confess it) thoroughly frightened too, I whispered to Mrs. Macallan,. "I was wrong, and you were right. Let us go." The ears of Miserrimua Dexter must have been as sensitive as the ears of a dog. He heard me say, "Let us go." " No !" ho called out. " Bring Eustace Macallan's second wife in here. I am a gentleman — I must apologise to her. I am a student of human character — I wish to see ber." . . r The whole man appeared to have undergone a complete transformation. He spoke in the gentlest of voices — and he sighed hysterically when 'he had done, like a woman recovering from a burst of tears. Was it reviving courage or reviv ing curiosity ? When Mrs. Macallan said, to me, "The fit is over now ; do you stiU wish to go away?"— I answered, "No; I am ready to go in." . . .- . "Have you recovered your, belief in him/ already?" asked my, moth'er-iri-hw!/iri her mercilessly satirical way. » / " I have recovered from my teffor of Mm,' I replied. " I am sorry I terrified you," said the soft, voice at the fireplace. "Some people think! am a little mad at times. You came,' I suppose, at one of the times— if some people are right. I , admit that I am a visionary My imagination runs away with me, and I say and do strange things, On those occasions, any body who reminds the of that horriblo Trial throws mo back again into the past, and causes me unutterable nervous suffering. I am a very tender-hearted man'. As the necessary consequence (in such a world as this) I am a miserable wretch. Accept my excuses. Come in, both of you. Come in, and pityme." f A child would not have been frightened /of him now A child would have, gone in> -and pitied him.. ,-;V ; The.room ' was getting darker and darker/ ; We could just see the'crouching figure of Misemmus 5 Dexter at .the Spiring, fire— and that' was/ail. - ; "Are. weto Rave no light?"; asked - Mrs, Macallan. "And isthis lady to see you; when the light comes, out of your .chair Vt ' '; ' S He lifted something bright and metallic, Hang ing round , his neck, and blew' on it. a series of shrill,- : grilling, birdlike notes. \ After a an interval, ;jbqwaS.ta a similar series of \- in some distant region of \- the bouse. .. .. . , ; " Ariel is i.bomjng/'he said. 'Compose your- ieif'Mama -M&jallah..; Ariel; will make me pre- ! icntable to a lady's'eyes.'' ; :. , ' \ ; ; : ' He bopped away on bis'.hands-iiito the darkness &l; the -nd of'lheroom.''"Wait'aliti| J,"sa:'l M"rsv ulacaUan ; " and yon will have another sarpriso — you vrill' seo the ' delicate Ariel.' " Wd -heard heavy footsteps in the circular room, i " Ariel ! " sighed Miserrimua Dexter out of the darkness," in his softest tones., " ' To my astonish ment, the coarse masculine voico ' of the cdusih in the man's hat — the Caliban's, : rather than the Ariel's voice— answered "Here J" ; " My chair, Ariel !" The person thus strangely misnamed drew aside . the tapestry, so as to let in more light — then entered the room, pushing the wheeled chair be- . fore ber. Sbo stooped, and lifted Miserrimus Dexter from the floor, like a child. Before she could put him into the chair, he sprang out of her arms - with a little gleeful cry, and alighted on his seat, like a bird alighting on its perch. " The lamp," said Miserrimus Dexter. "And the lookingglass. Pardon me," he added ad dressing us, "for turning my back on you. You mustn't see me until my hair is set to-rights. Ariel ! the brush, the comb, and the perfumes." Carrying the lamp in One hand, the looking, glass in the other, and the brush (with the comb stuckiin it) between her teeth, Ariel the Second, otherwise Dexter's cousin, presented herself plainly before me for the first time. I'couldnow see the girl's round fleshy inexpressive face, her. rayless and colorless eyes, her coarse/nose and heavy -chin. A creature half alive; an imper. fectiy-fteveloped animal in shapeless form clad in a man's pilot jacket, and treading in a man's heavy -laced boots : with nothing but an old red flannel petticoat, and a broken comb in her frowsy flaxen hair, to tell us that she was a woman— such ..was the- inhospitable person, who had -receiyed ns in the darkness;, when we first entered the house, . . ; This- wonderful valet, collecting her materials forsdressing her still more wonderful master's hair,gave him.thelooking-glas3 (a hand-mirror ), and addressed herself to her Wotk. She combed, she 'brushed, she oiled, she per. fumed the flowing looks and the long silky beard of Miserrimus Dexter, with the strangest mixture of dulness and dexterity that I ever saw. Done in Mate, silence; with a ldinpish Ipok and a clumsy 'gait, .the. work was perfectly -weU dbne» nevertheless. The imp in the chair superintended the whble proceeding , critically by means of his hand-mirror. He was too deeply interested in this occupation",1. , until some of the Concluding touches to his beard brought the misnamed Ariel in frobit of him, and so turned her full face to- wafds thb ; p$r.t of the rooml In which Mrs. Macbttan and I were standing. Then he ad- dresseditiB— taking especial care, howoyer, not .to turn hjs.hehd our way while his toilet wa3 stiU incoinple)e; ' ' ! Ma<»11ai>,? he said, " what is . the Chris Eian-name of your soil's second wife ?" "lyiy : do.you want to know? " asked my mother- in-law.- " Irwant tq'know, because. I Can't address, her as Mi$. Ejustace Macallan/ "- " Wy?not:?''-' ' ; - V. " . "ftfrecalaffte other Mrs. Eustace Macallan. ; If I am :ye%ibded of thoBe horrible days at GHen- inch, shy fqrtitude will give way— I shall burst out scrOaming again." Heaping thiB, T hastened to interpose. "My'hhme is Valeria," I said. "A, "Roman name," remarked Miserrimus Doxter. I'jlike it. My mind is cast in the Roman. mould'. My bodily build would have been Roman, if I had been born with legs. I shall call you Mrs. Valeria. Unless yon disapprove of it?" : : -I hastened to say that I was far from disap. proving of it, " 1 "Very good," said Miserrimus Dexter. "Mrs. Valeria!) do you see the face of this creature in front bf me?" Ho . pointed with the hand-mirror to his cousin as unconcernedly as he might have pointed to a dog. "'His cousin, on her side, took no more notice than a.dog would have taken of the contemptuous phrase by which he bad designated her. She went on combing and oiling his beard as composedly as ever. "It istlie face of an idiot, isn't it?" pursued Miserrimus Dexter. "Look at her! She is a mere vegetable. A cabbage in a garden has as muck life and expression in it as that girl ex hibits at the present moment. Would you be. llfeve there was latent intelligence, affection, pride/fidelity, in such a half-devoloped being as this ? " ' I was really ashamed to answer him. Quite needlessly!' The impenetrable young woman went. on with her master's beard, A machine could not have taken less notice of the life and the talk around it than this incomprehensible creature. "I have got at that latent affection, pride, fidelity, and the rest of it," resumed Miserrimus Dexter. " I hold the key to that dormant In telligence. Grand thought ! Now look at her, when I speak. (I named her, poor wretch, in one of my ironical moments. She has got to like her name, just as a dog gets to like his collar.) Now, Mrs. Valeria, look and listen. Ariel 1" The girl's dull face began to brighten. The girl's mechanically-moving hand stopped, and held the comb in suspense. "Ariel! you have learnt to dress my liair, and anoint mji beard — haven't you ?" ; -Her face still brightened. "Yes l-'yesl. yes ! " she answered eagerly. "And you 'say, I have learnt to do it well— don't y on ?" T; ' ! . - ' " I|Bdy that. Would you like to let anybody ; ;else do it for you ? " ; Her.eyfis melted softly into -light and life!. Her. istrange unwomanly voice sank to. the gentlest ; ; tones .that I had heard from her yet. "No.body else shall do it fop me," she"'- said, at once proudly and tenderly. "Nobody, as- long : as I live, shall touch you but me." . j ; "Not even the lady there?" asked Miserrimus Dexter, pointing backward with' his hand-mirror ! !to the place at which I was standing, . ; Her eyes suddenly flashed, her hand, suddenly Bhook.the comb at me, in a burst. of jealouB rage. "Let her try !" cried the poor creature, raising her voice again to its hoarsest, notes. "Let her touch you if she dares !';m- j -. . . .. Dexter laughed at the childish outbreak, "That will do, my delicate Arieii" he said.' , "I- dismiss your intelligence for the present. , .Relapse into your former self. Fio'sh-Jiy bea'-l.".'; . . r She passivoly resumed her work. Tho now light in her eyes; the new expression in her face, faded littlo by litttle, and died out. In another minute- the face was as vacant and as lumpish as before ; tho hands did their work again with the lifoless dexterity which had so painfully im pressed me when she first took up tho brush. Miserrimus Dexter appeared to be perfectly satisfied with these results. - "I thought my little experiment might interest yon," he said. " You see how it is ? The dormant intelligence of my curious cousin i3 like the dormant sound in a musical instrument. I play upon it — and it answers to my touch." He indulged himself in a last look at the mirror- " Ha !" he said, complacently, " now I shall do. Vanish, Ariel !", , She tramped out of the room in her heavy boots with the mute obedience . of . a trained animal. Isaid " Good night" as she passed me. She neither returned the salutation nor looked at me : the words simply produced no effect on her dull senses. The one voice that conld reach her was silent. She had relapsed once more into the vacant inanimate creature who had opened the gate to ns — until it pleased Miserrimus Dexter to speak to her again. " Valeria!" said my mother-in-law, "Our modest host is waiting to see what you think of him." 