firm claimed iftprtuttfi fruit. FRIDAY, JANUARY 8, 1875. AT the time the Budget speech was delivered, A tabular statement was laid upon the table of the House, in connection with the other finan nal papers, which was comparatively over- looked in the general interest attaching to the, flourishing view of our affairs, then presented by Mr. LLOYD. This table, however, is worthy of a careful study, especially in view of any proposed alteration of the Land Law. It gives a statement of the receipts from land revenue ; it then gives the expenditure on account of survey, sale, and management on account of immigration on account of roads and bridges and on account of the interest on the public debt. The special object of the statement was to show that looking at all these charges as properly resting on the land revenue, the total outlay connected therewith had, during the period embraced by the return, exceeded' b) 5 .OO.'OOO the total receipts. The facts disclosed, however, are of more interest than the particular theory they were brought forward to illustrate a theory which is by no means to be received unquestioningly in the fulness with which it is laid down. ! From the time that the present Land Alienation Act came into force, the Crown has disposed of some land for cash and some land for credit. One of the points, therefore, which it is interesting to observe is the proportion which these two modes have borne to each other, and also the proportion which the receipts for cash sales have borne to the receipts for rental. The cash sales are pre-, rented in two columns, the first giving the proceeds of sales by auction, and the second of sales by selection of land that had been exposed to auction, but had passed the hammer without a bidder. In the year 1860, the auction sales put less money into the Treasury than what was received from rents and assessments. 1 in the following year they gave about £30,000, more, but thereafter continuously the receipts, from these sources fell below the annual rental until we come to the year 1873, when the amount ran up suddenly and exceeded the rental by £90,000. But adding the whole four-! teen years together, we find that auction sales' have been far less productive of revenue than', the rental of the unsold lands, the former, having yielded only £1,832,232, while the gross receipts during the same period from rental was; £3,005,935, that is to say, the rental has! yielded more revenue than auction sales by' £1,173,700. During these fourteen years! there have been great variations in the results of auction sales. In 1864, the amount fell' down to as low as £57,503, while in 1873 it rose to £298,000, being very nearly four times as much in one year as it was in another. This shows what great fluctuations in revenue will arise from this! source. The pastoral rental has not fluctuated ; anything like so much. It has not increased with absolute regularity, there being some! oscillations ; but it was lowest in 1860, when J it was £153,771, and it was highest in 1865, J when it was £303,872 ; since that year it has been as low as £201,768, and has only slightly recovered since. If Mr. PARNELL'S idea is right that the land is worth more, and that it ought to be made to yield' more, this branch of our revenue may look up again. The figures we have given of the auction sales do not include all the cash sales, because there are to be included the post auction sales, which are also for cash. These, too, varied very much; in the dull year of 1864 I they only amounted to £13,402, while in 1873 they ran up to £104,495. During the fourteen years there was received from uncompetitive cash sales of this kind, at the upset price, £470,849 ; adding this amount to that received from auction sales? we get a total receipt for cash sales during the fourteen years of £2,303,082 ; but, after adding these two together, we are still £700,000 below the rental receipt during the same period; therefore we may say that, as a general rule, the rental of our public estate is a larger as well as a steadier asset than the amount receivable for cash sales. This is not to be wondered at seeing how ] much more favourable to the buyer are the credit terms that are offered, and also how much more easy it has been to pick and choose' exactly the land that was wanted, under the credit than under the cash conditions. The amount received from free-selectors on deposit has been during the eleven years (for it only began in 1862) £1,167,118-an amount which of course repre-, sends an indebtedness to the State of three ? times that amount. "The receipts from condi- tional purchases" in the first year; when there was of course aptly to, the? land, was'-£84,788,< >i».ilïéV«V¿865 ft fell .toSMAowljka'£pAS9gl history -"892 _t*arf<«fc &£mflMt*mrtS*¿6W to £333,584. Now as our population had received little or no increase from immigration during these last two years, and as during the previous years nearly all bona- fide settlers had more or less accommodated themselves, it is obtiovsthat this last rush to the land must represent something very different from the settlement of bona-fide residents. The indebted- ness to the Crown on account of conditional purchases, represents nominally about three millions and a half ; the balances actually paid up did not exceed £200,000. Who it is that have paid and why they have paid, are points on which we are a good deal in the dark, but the amount paid is so small as compared with the amount owed that practically we may almost throw it out of account. The highest amount ever paid in any one year was £38,354, and the lowest was £10,00/. Of course the more that is owing the larger is the quantity of annual interest received. This interest, commencing in the year 1865, and therefore extending over only nine years, has amounted to £244,635 ; the smallest receipt was in the first year £6548, but it now amounts to the sum of £54,402. Passing over these details to the column which gives us the grand totals, we find that during the fourteen years embraced in the I return, the gross receipts on account of land, inclusive of both sales and rental, have amounted to £0,920,461, or, in round numbers, very nearly £7,000,000 for fourteen years, or an average of about half a million per annum. The lowest receipt was in the dull i year of 1864, when it was only £280,007, the ' highest was in the year 1873, when it was £1,037,442 ; the land revenue has been, therefore, more than three times as great in one year of this period that it has been in any and in fact, not very far from four times as great. The difference to a TreasUrer of receiving £280,000, or of receiving a million, is, of course, immense when compared with the general total of our revenue. Yet these differences have actually been realized. We have dealt now with receipts. The second page of the return gives us the figures of expenditure. The gross charges during the fourteen years for survey, sale, and management have amounted to £1,374,460. They were lowest in the year 1860 under the old law. Free selection naturally and rapidly ran up the charges till in 1865 they had increased to £106,000. Only twice since then have they fallen below £100,000, while in" 1873 they rapidly ran up again and amounted to very nearly £150,000. Comparing the cost of management with the proceeds from auction, we find that they amounted to within half a million of the gross receipts from that one source. The immigration expenses as paid out of the Consolidated Revenue fund present a very meagre list of figures. It is enough to make the ghost of Mr. EDWARD GHUION WAKE viELi) " burst its elements," to see how little his favoured idea of paying for labour out of proceeds from land has been carried out. What little immigration we have had has been mostly paid for out of borrowed money. For the three last years the Consolidated Revenue has not paid a penny towards immigration; for each of the three preceding years, the amount was less than £1000, and only in five years has it ex ceeded £10,000. The total charge, on the revenue for immigration, during fourteen years) has only been £101,787. ; Tfce expenditure on roads and bridges! however, presents a very different " aspect' Here, indeed, there has been a very fine-! banded outlay. The expenditure has ranged from £73,702 in one year up to £247,323 in another year. Altogether more than two millions and a quarter have been expended during the fourteen years in improving our internal communication. We should not grudge a penny of this if we could only feel that it had been wisely spent, but so much has been expended away from the supervision of headquarters, and so much at seasons of the year' ' when it could not be spent to best advantage,' and so much to please influential people rather than to benefit the district at large, that we hardly feel warranted in thinking that we have got full value for the money. There can be no doubt, however, that we have received a good; deal, and that the high roads and cross roads of the colony, bad as they may be in many places,' are vastly better than they were fourteen years ago. If we could have had the whole of this money expended in adequate municipal supervision, and with a close regard to local wants, it is probable that it would have been still better spent. The next heavy charge is for interest on the public debt, to make good of course the defeat ciency ore the revenue the public works have. themselves yielded. This amount has ranged from £134,972 up to £386,704 ; this maximum was in the year 1870, since which time there has been a steady diminution-a diminution not because the national debt was less, but because the productiveness of the public investments was greater. The principle, however, of assum- ing that the land fund ought to be chargeable with the interest of the public debt, is one that deserves further consideration. AMONG the problems which are being worked I cut in this colony, that of the ballot as a ( panacea for various political ills is one of the most interesting. The adoption of the system as part of our electoral machinery, and the influence it has had in securing the quiet and orderly conduct of polling for members of Parliament, have been duly noted in other parts of the world. Our example is often quoted by the disciples of GROTE as an evidence of the superiority of the ballot over open voting. It cannot be denied that, as a rule, our political contests , are conducted with remarkable decorum. This, however, is, in the nunn, owing to the law-abiding spirit of the people and their good temper under circumstances of excitement, not unmixed with disturbing elements of an irritating character. Abundant a proof of this fact has been furnished recently by the crowds that have assembled in front of the various hustings to listen to the candidates or to hear the declaration of the state of the poll. This, of course, cannot be attributed to the influence of the ballot; but there is no doubt that during the polling the ballot has been effective in checking undue excitement and preserving the colony in a great degree from various excesses which are commonly noticeable where the system of open voting is practised. When we have stated this we have probably said almost all that can be advanced, so far as this colony is concerned, in a favour of secret Voting. But this is not the 1 principal object sought by the advocates of the I ballot. The chief arguments put forward in its favour , are that it will ensure immunity from bribery and corruption, prevent, intimidation and undue influence of a less violent kind, and thread to a more need Land perfect exercise of the' franchise., ' » ' I 'Redoubt whether for any of these last-,. j mentioned purposes the ballot was required in' lihûaeolt*y/»«iid there June e^encem^hW degree. I reported that in several instances during at late elections candidates have expended considerable sums of money * fc> ' secure their return ; but, as a rule, the electors have a reputation for too much independence to lead any one to tempt them with a direct money bribe, and there is here no landed in debt sufficiently concentrated and powerful to enable the proprietor to secure thereby their own election, or to put in their nominees A better illustration of the inoperative character of any such influence could not be afforded than that which is furnished by the recent election for Camden. The members elect are essentially different in their social position. One is known as a politician merely, depending for his point laity upon his political antecedents and professions : the other is a representative of one of the oldest and most highly respected families in the country, possessing large landed estates. The electorate contains a great number of free- holders. It abounds with conditional pur- , chasers, many of whom have performed an heroic work in reclaiming land of the most fertile land, by cutting away an almost impenetrable forest. The candidate who has the reputation of wealth and large property in land appears second on the poll and the fact of his having a considerable majority at the polling place nearest to his own residence would not so much as suggest the idea that tenants had been in any way covered. It would rather be received as a complimentary evidence of the maintenance of those good relations which ought everywhere to exist between rich landholders and less favoured cultivators of the soil. In England, it is not an uncommon thing after an election to publish in the newspapers the names of all the electors who exercise the franchise, so as to show for whom they voted. These records, it is said, often have an influence in matters which are not connected with politics. It may be readily conceived therefore that by many the ballot would be hailed as a boon. In this colony we have heard of a candidate withdrawing his custom from a tradesman because he declared he could not conscientiously vote for him, but then the declaration was unnecessary. Here the political tyranny if any such exists in connection with elections would be looked for rather among associations of electors who hold their opinions strongly, and are often less tolerant than individuals. No stronger proof can be adduced of the low value which is set upon the ballot as a means of secrecy than the ready avowal which men make of their political intentions. It is a common practice for long requisitions to candidates to be published in the Press. The publication of these lists of names is an announcement of the intention of the signatories to support the candidates to whom the invitations are given. In this way the electors disregard what is commonly understood to be the principle of the ballot, and furnish lists similar to 'those, the publication of which is objected to by many English politicians. This habit of presenting requisitions, and publishing them in the Press may be quoted in opposition to the objection which was raised to the ballot in this colony on the ground that it was un- English to adopt any system which would prevent an open and practical expression of political opinion On he part of Voters. It is not to be supposed that large bodies of men would give the sanction of their names in favour of the nomination of a candidate for whom they were not prepared to record their votes and thus it will be perceived that the working of the ballot in this colony admits of publicity on the part of those who desire to let it be known in which way they exercise their franchise, while it throws a shield over others who for any public or private leason choose to avail themselves of its protection. " ^ But when we look at the ballot in relation to the more general and extensive exercise of the franchise, there is little reason to conclude that it is operative, in this direction. The numbers polled are small compared with the numbers on the electoral rolls. We believe, however that the act of voting is rarely affected by the ballot. There are, perhaps, not fifty men in the whole colony who vote now who would not vote if the ballot were abolished. Certainly the ballot does not secure a complete exercise of the electoral right, and in this respect the state of the poll in the various districts furnishes a striking commentary upon other modes which have been proposed to secure a more full and complete representation of the country, but as this is only remotely connected with the present subject we reserve it for future consideration. I he ballot has some advantages to which we have not here referred, and it has also some disadvantages. It is by no means an unmixed good, but we can afford to be strong-minded enough to hear of its faults as well as of its merits. NEW CALEDONIA. We are in receipt of paper's from Noumea from the 6th to the 30th December. The local news is not important. The dog tax for the year 1875 is 12 france for every dog in Noumea and New Island, and two francs for every dog elsewhere. M. Luguicroa is appointed Government Resident at the Loyalty Islands 1 life and Mare, Co. The Governor of the colony, the Bishop (Mgr. Victo), and other high functionaries were present at the distribution of prizes at the boys' Public school at Noumea, on the 16th of December. The same formalities took place at the girls' school on the same day. The Government, on the 23rd of December published an ordinance for increased precautions, to., in the case of fires at Noumea and elsewhere The Rangatira steamer, when she left Sydney on the 18th of December, arrived at Noumea in 5 days 1 hour and 30 minutes, I'nni/iCA-ioNS RECEIVED. From Tasmania come two numbers of " The Quadrilateral," a magazine which is described as "Moral, Social, Scientific, and Artistic": in the first of the two numbers we have received, the best articles are those On the leeching of Emerson," the great American thinker; in which the faults of his doctrines are pointed out ; while the writer states his belief that " the ( light of the teaching of Ralph Waldo Emerson seen the whole salutary. ' An area on the Australian Press is also possessed of considera-; .- merit. The writer says of the character and responsibility of the Press of the Southern hemisphere :-" Over and over again it has been found both in England and America that, in spite of the professed representation by the Press of every sect or party, the full and perfect truth could not be gathered from the newspapers of the day. Each organ told only that portion of the story which served it SB an argumentum ad factions The combined opportunity and temptation to do this, does not present itself so often or so prominently to any portion of the Australian Press. Nevertheless, owing to the want of stringent traditions and ancient organic modes of social life in the Australian colonies, the Australian Press, as a distinct and active element is the community, is able much more than the. Press of England or America to inaugurate social and political changes. Hence the responsibility of the Australian Press, in Regard to the future of the Australian colonies. is greater than that of its compeers in respect to the future of the more ancient communities.' The heavier contents are varied by altering, poetical effusions, and cross. The Quadrilateral is published by Messrs. Henn and Co. We have received a copy of the third edition, with addenda, of " a brief 1 statement of facts in connection with an overland expedition from Lake George to Port Phillip i ID 1824) by Hamilton Hume." It is very neatly printed, , has as a frontispiece a portrait of the i sports, and is published at the 1W Courier Office. There is also to hand a copy of the Warrnambool Standard Almanac for' 1875, 'which the proprietors, Messrs. W. Fairfax and Laurie," have presented to the subscribers to the Standard. The almanac, which is in book form, is replete with inform juiatiM. , , , , | 'Mails REGULATIONS The new regulations recently issued by the Mining Board of New South Wales will be found to extend in the Sydney Mail. VIOLENT ASSAULT At the Goulburn general pceaioM.on Wedl-eeday.hefow Jas. stiffest Cunningham was convicted of dieting serious- bodily, on the head and several ribs broken, one of which penetrated the lung. The prisoner received a sentence of two years and six months' imprisonment in Goulburn gaol 