CONVERSATION WITH A GHOST. One night (Lady Beresford, wife of Sir Tris tram is the speaker ) when Sir Tristram and I were in bed, I awoke suddenly from a sound sleep, and found to my horror Lord Tyrone sitting by my bedside® I screamed out, For heaven's sake, Lord Tyrone, what brings you here at this timeof night ? " Have you then for gotten your promise ? " he said in a manner of awful solemnity. " Did we not mutually en gage to appear to each other after death ? I have just quitted the world, and am now permitted to appear to you for the purpose of assuring you of the truth of revealed' religion, and that it is the only one by which we can be saved. I aJT1 further suffered to inform you that you will in due time give birth to a son, that you will become a widow and marry again, and that you will die on your forty-seventh birthday." " Good heavens,cried I. " cannot I prevent this ? " Yes," he replied," you are a free agent, and can prevent it by abstaining from a second marriage. Hitherto you have had no trials. More I am not permitted to tell you ; but if after th;s warning, you persist in your own infidelity as regards religion, your lot in another world will be most miserable." May I not ask," said I," if you are happy ? " " Had I been other wise, " said he," I should not have been allowed to appear to you." " I may then infer that you are happy ? " He smiled. " But how," said I," when the morning comes, shall I know that your appearance before me has been real, and not the mere phantom of a dream ? " " Will not the news of my death convince you ? " " No " I replied; " I might have had such a dream, and that dream might accidentrlly be come true. I wish for stronger proof of its reality." "You shall have such," he said. Then, waving his hand, the crimson velvet bed curtains were instantly drawn through a large iron hoop by which the tester of the bed was suspended. " In that you cannot be mistaken, no mortal arm could have performed this." " True " I replied, " but asleep we sometimes possess much greater strength than awake. Although I could not have done this when awake I might have done it in my sleep, and 1 shall have doubt. " He then proceeded to write his name in my pocket-book, which was lying on my table, remarking, " You know my handwriting." " Nevertheless," I said," though I could not imitate your writing when awake I might do so in iny sleep " " You are hard of belief. I must not touch you ; it would injure you irreparably. It is not for spiritual bodies to touch mortal flesh." " I do not regard a small blemish," said I. " You are a courageous woman/' said he; " then hold out your hand. I He touched my wrist. His hand was cold as ice! In an instant every sinew and nerve shrunk, leaving an indelible mark as if a pair of red hot pincers had gripped me. " Now," said he, "let no mortal eyes behold that wrist; to see it would be sacrilege." He rose from his seat, walked a few steps from the bed, and laid his hand on a bureau which always stood in the room. K In the morning," he added, " when you behold tlsis, you will find another proof that what you have-seen and heard this night is not an idle dream, or the mere fancy of your brain." He stopped—I turned to look at him again—he was gone. During the time I had conversed with him, my thoughts were perfectly calm and col lected, but the moment he departed, I felt chilled with tenor, a cold perspiration came over me, and I endeavoured in vain to awake Sir Tristram in order to tell what occurred. In this state of terror and agitation I lay for some time, until a flood of tears came to my relief, when I dropped asleep. In the morning when I awoke, I found that Sir Tristram had got up without noticing anything had happened during the night. On rising I found my pocket-book lying in the usual place, with some pencil marks inside, which I knew at once to be in the handwriting of Lord Tyrone. 1 took a piece of black ribbon and bouud it tightly round my wrist which presented the appearance of having been scarred and burnt during the night; and then turning to the bureau, I observed the impression of a man's hand deeply burnt into the lid.—" Apparitions, by the Rev. Bouchier Wray Savile. 