Hit(lei tin (i/ffloitimde. (by "nut-cracker.") Be just and fear not : Let all the ends thon aim'st at be thy country's, Thy God's, and truth's. —Shakespeare. Since the races, a general stagnation has oc curred, not .only in the water tables, but also, I regret to say, in the city generally ; and so much so " Under the Colonnade," that " Othello's occu- pation had well nigh gone, when lo I the say ings and doings of ye Glen Innesites during the past week, has plunged us deep into the old vor tex of excitement, and, as a natural consequence, " Richard's himself again." Here we are, in the thick of a Municipal fight, not to mention other rows that have occurred ; and not the least re markable of the remarkable events which were brought forth out of the womb of Time was the rainfall of last week, or, to use a favourite phrase of an editor of my acquaintance, " the pluvial visitation." The two candidates for Municipal honourshaye candidly explained their views ; one in particular has aired them pretty considerably in last Saturday's paper. One has been a resident for some years, and is a shrewd, observant chap, and, from his knowledge of the district, should be well fitted for the position. The other aspirant, although, I may say, a comparative stranger, yet, I well know his abilities ; and, it strikes me very forcibly — as talent is rather scarce in Glen limes, and especially in its Muicipal Council — that it would be well if a vacancy existed for two, and both could go in without a murmur. They- are both worthy the title which they seek ; and as their abilities are such as one "can't tell t'other from which," then, I say, " more's the pity we can't have both on them." In the meantime the inhabitants are qualifying for the meeting by paying up their rates ; so that a con tested election is a first rate thing, not only for the Council, but also for the rate collector. One gentleman, I hear,. paid in £20 to the funds on Saturday last. If the rates come in at this rate, the Council will have but little trouble to fix the fees for that mythical individual who is oc casionally held up for the delectation of default ing ratepayers, — I allude to that worthy functionary who is looming in the future — the Council's Bailiff. Since the accession to office of the new Mayor, I observe that the nuieance so frequently complained of — the neglected sewerage near the store of Messrs. II. and R. A. Lewis — has heen remedied. It is now possible for people to walk about that neighbourhood without "putting their feet into it" in the obscurity of night ; although I wont give them my honour for having a sound limb, should they swerve the slightest off a track known as Grey- street, I mean towards either of the footpaths ; for there are innumerable heaps of stone at the four points of the compass, placed there by a party who has the distinguished title of " Main tenance Man." He has certainly been maintained a long while by the Council ; and for what ? Is he to be the cause of the death of some of our gentle sex — the death of one would be worse than murder — who go to " do the Zoo," and receive love's fond embrace ? This is rather a serious matter, dear aldermen ; and the sooner you get it altered the sooner you will receive the thanks of the public, and mine in particular. One thing let me thank you for ; I am better in health and pocket 6ince you re moved that diphtheria matter, for I relish my food, and I find I can do without the customary bottle of smelling-salts. The official reporter of the Examiner at the Invereil Show makes no mention of the four-in- hand teams, or of the wonderful maimer in which a jolly Alderman of that town handled the ribbons. True, he nearly ran over one of the local auctioneers and a small group of 200 people, to say nothing of cattle and apple-stalls ; but the most astonishing fact — and one, undoubtedly, worthy of note, by those who, know him— is that /the hearty, " Ha, ha, h-a-a-a," of my oratorical friend, " Bob Ridley," which follows every sentence he utters, or at every sight which he gazes, was not heard on this occasion; no, he did not even smile, although a friend of mine said he fancied he heard a partly suppressed chuckle. But I scarcely give it credit, as a man, even a jolly; laughing-man, ain't wont to giggle when such a distinguished personage as Death is knocking about ; and the laughing-man, quite evidently, thought he was about' on this occa sion, for the laugliing-man occupied a seat on the vehicle. By the way, the Invereil Courier main tained a dignified, silence on the matter of the Show. Can it be possible that the reporter, . editor, and proprietor was doing his customaiy , nap in some secluded spot. I wonder he did'nt ' charge his devil to' "awaken him," for ; I am sure the promoters will wish that his Dark Majesty —the genuine, the original devil — would cast his net, and condemn the bunch that refused to give a full repprt iri such a" valuable journal. But then it is just likely such an insignificant item, in the noise and turmoil of Invereil life, escaped the Courier's attention. I notice the Victoria Theatre progresses slowly ; and I am informed the workmen on the roof imagine there is a shingle short somewhere, but as said roof was spoken of in the prospectus as an iron one, the shingle short may be looked upon in an ironical sense. Shares are being ra pidly taken up, and a star company from old , Drury has been cablegraphed for to open the 1 season. This information I have received from a large shareholder, and that the first drama to be produced is, "The Ghost of Guy-street," the manager baling purchased the sole right from the indefatigable " author," and promoter of the theatre. I know another item or two, hut I must abridge my chit-chat, though I will let out one of them, viz., that " The Ghost of Guy-street- ' is in active rehearsal, for the benefit of chimney sweeps. 