testified: Chick'. stated. &c.; A coSTUME cricket match and other sports-, got up by the members of the Victoria nniL Queen's Theatre's, in spite of the sufferers by this Windsor fire and the family of the late Cornelius Ward, took place on Saturday last, at the Albert Ground. The duty of making all preliminary arrangements for the mate-It. devolved upon a committee of gentlemen con- ducted with the election cal profession, and it is worthy of record that the total amount received on Saturday will be devoted to the charitable purposes above mentioned, the proprietor of the nlKiir having in a most liberal manner dollar finance to defray all expenses themselves. They (amounts Theatre band gave their services in the good cause, and were ably assisted by the New South Wales Artillery band. During the forenoon the weather was anything but inviting, and this tli- avvbtick, together with the much erected announcement of a day performance at Um Victoria Theatre', boded ill for the success of the charitable effort. When the: match commenced there were probably not more than two hundred persons present, but after winning the spectators arrived as fast as the 'bus accommodation would permit, turn during the afternoon there were about 2500 persons in attendance. The amount taken at the gales was stated to be about A 130, and the gentleman connected with the entertainment have therefore the satisfaction of knowing that, despite opposition and unfavorable weather-, They have achieved a success, and well deserve the gratitude of those whose Christmas has been turned to a season of desolation and mourning;.. Owing to iii'nvoidttlilo circumstances, the City Birds, Natator, and several other professionals, were unable to attend ; but, nevertheless, a very powerful (albeit molloy) company marched into the field about half-past 12 o'clock, roost" the (first innings of the cricket match. The Heathen Chinee," admirably depicted eyes'-. Dan. Briggs, was accompanied by the " Ghost of: Hamlet's Father" (Mr. James ltiiiufuid);'*anil s while the antics of the former were somewhat 3?, A peculiar, the hitler trod the damp, 'sward with, appropriate and dignified solemnity, regardless of the crowing of the neighboring chilliliclocr ne the signs which ought to have warned him to return to his prison-house Mr. Holloway's appearance as Cupid was followed by roars of laughter; and Hardy to (Mr. Jliuiin), Paul's loon (Mrs. R. Tolano), and other characters also caused the greatest amusement. To attempt to given serious account of the cricket displayed would spoil the effect. As Hamlet say, "The a play's the thing," and the play of last Saturday was all fun and frolic, and was provocative of the greatest enjoyment, although in some instances the characters were not sustained. All sorts of laughable episode occurred during the innings, and the refusal of the Ghost to budge; from the wicket when given out caused great laughter, which burst out afresh when the services of the single) policeman went invoked to support the umpire's due cision. On another occasion Pantaloons fielded, a ball, and incontinently bolted with it, only relinquishing possession at the earnest sent vigorous solicitations of the aforesaid gentleman in blue. The Heathen Chinee found his iinthU room hat n (ino medium for Holding as longstop, and prevented a good many fours to the fence.. After the first innings the company sat down in the pavilion to an excellent luncheon provided by Mr. Cripps, and s.nbi-eqiiunUy The bell rang; for the second innings. The (shot, however, was by this time enjoying his " sulphurous lives," and did not appear, but the number of characters represented was greater Hum before. Prior to comiiiuncenie'iil of play the absence of the portly Cupid was noticed, but Paul Pry (Mr. Lachlan M'Glashan) summoned the police and marched the recalcitrant into the field. That Heathen Chinee again resumed his peculiarities, and Italy show coalesced with a " member of the Hallelujah Band" (Mr. Frank Lloyd). Mr. W. J. Wilson appeared as William Hutley j and looked the character, and Mr. J. Hanker, is Sir Colin Campbell, had a most artistic make-up. Mr. lty.in impersonated " The 'Wolf," Mr. Edward Davies "The Latest Out," Mr. South "Clown," Mr. T. Margetts did duty for the Man Risby, and Messrs. Simmons and Tolano were Pantaloons. There were a number of other characters which need not be enumerated. As before, a good deal of fun was elicited from the play, the fielding of fruit Try, Cupid and the Heathen Chinee being most noticeable, entry was, not having mastered the rules of cricket, proved refractory at the wicket, and was forcibly conveyed to the pavilion, from whence he emerged wins By afterwards to discuss the point with the umpire, who again had to invoke the, Bingo " guardian." The first event after the cricket match (which was played without stated sides) was the 150 yards handicap (flat race. This was won by Harry Joe, with the Policeman second, The Wolf third, and the rest spread-eagled over various parts of the ground. The next event, "the Champion Gold Cup," nearly fell through, owing to the absence of Bacchus, but at the last moment the " Heathen Chinee " came to the scratch, and, managed, with the assistance of his hat, to hoodwink Cupid, and make a dead heat of it. The " Cup, which was to have been presented immediately after the event, was not forth- coming, as the property- room at the Queen's Theatre had run short of Dulcb metal. Tilts 100 yards flat race was won easily by the Crown, with Pantaloon second, and Hatty Jane third. Clown also carried off the hurdle race, and the manner in which the competitors got under unit ~ round the jumps caused great amusement. , Pantaloon (Mr. Simmons) amused himself by getting a friend to " give him a back " during the race, and lit the second last hurdle almost alighted on his head. The "Compulsory Consolation Stakes " brought the events to a conclusion about half-past 5 o'clock. During the afternoon the two hands played selections of music, and contributed in no little degree to the entertainment of the visitors. Mr. J. li. lUinfnrtl catered in the pavilion, and gave general satisfac; tionS. it. Herald, January 11. A Mil. Dyson's. O'Connell. has recently been wooing the electors of Manaro, N.S.W., and, being taunted with being nothing more than a self-made moneybags, and as such more con- servative than the Conservatives, he made the ' ' sensible retort that he was a richer man the day '_ ' he landed a poor immigrant than now ; for " now he had but a few cattle and sheep, but I then he was but 25 years old, with a sale of strong arms and energy and determination to j. work, if only to wheel a fisk burrow, and au un- blemished character I" Something more tUw,. _ money-bags iii that reply. 