it 1,'itli nut //i s/, nm/ hours. '' ? Sir—Having lead ill 'I'ln-s'lay's paper (Oct 51 h) (hat tin are some ]ieisons at the Hurra. \vh :atl mimiiiiical.e wit h t.hc spirits of the d--]iarl d . I should be -lad if (hey would confer wit h I In- spirit of one. William Smith, whose bo dy was foiiinl in a hut. on the Hahl ina Sin .-epriin, about eleven years aoe. the. wild <: a(n having c-at'-n most of his features away. The body was brought to t he Hurra, and a <'orone.r'.s Iinjuest. was held, at v.'hieh 1 formed one of (he. .Imy. It. appears tin- man was a shepherd, and lived ; and died a His master (Mr. Marker) 1 b-'lieveil he was an I'hitrlishiiinn. (lVoin whi'-h county il. v, as not kiiownj : he had no relacolouy, but lives in tin had <<iice nieiilioii- ed. that, he had a sist. •r in Queensland, There v.ei--: s nne money ioiind in Smith's hut. and some was due to him for wai/etH. which was handed over t the allt.llol il ies till claimed by the next of kin. Now if the Hurra Medium ".'ill be kind enough t<i ;,sk the s|iilit of William Smith the foil. Ayirej | <|uestions he will do soiin- -ood Is your sister still alive ; ai|d if vit, what part of | Queensland js sin- living in t Does your J sist.er know vou are. dead, and did sin: apply I for the money h i t. by you. Was the. amount I of money said to be due to you for wn-es the correct amount ? If you will ask 1 In: spirit of Smith I hi se questions, aud yet. t he answeis, to them, you would perhaps do a t/ood service. If Smith would like to see nn: if would | be better for him to come, down to Moonta j than for me to po to the Hurra, as the travel- j lin^ expenses of a spirit are not so ere at as mine arc likely to be. I trust, when fhe Medium goes tu confer with the departed he will not indulge too freely with spirits in a liijttid fmiii, or in other words pour spirits dutrn to keep spirits up, or it is very likely, that he may fancy he. can see n kind of mist, or cloud, rise over the leaves ; in fact his vision may be ralher foj/iry alloi/el.bcr. and with the assistance of a little ventriloquism, he. mi-lit easily be imposed upon. Hut 1 never saw a ghost, nor a spirit yet, and am not iikely to, if 1 leave cot, to ]r,j all the way to the Hurra, l.o gratify my curiosity. Hut if the questions I have propounded can be answered satisfactorily, so that poor woman may ecf sonic vmaioy left, by a brothel', then 1 ihhik the Spirits will have done one n.srfiit act, and may iro back whence they come, and let well alone. I am. Sir, yours fraternaUv. I'/NDKEUAII. East Moonta, Oct. IHt.h, 1-S7. r ). [We invite the Hurra Meduim to mako jrood his case, and si ml satisfactory replies. Another correspondent says . - - 1 have seen two letters ou Spiritualism ill your paper from a "Medium that resides in fhe Hurra, and he seems fe, hold forth the doctrine as if it was (rue. 1 lived in the Hurra ford years and while t here. hist, by <lciit.li u very near and dear friend, and of course shold be very L'l;ul to hear fiom this "Med. ium some!hint? about that friend." He wants llie address of (he Medium, so as to open a communication with the departed, lias the mediu many objection t— /id.j 