®f)c äsitaeg iWorníng $nalÖ. j I TUESDAY, OCTOBER 5, 1876. ¡ ONE of the characteristics of modern manu-i facturing industry is the .constamt tendency, towards the prevention of waste. "Whole for- tunes have been made by'picking up what other peeple throw away. An immense amount of ingenuity, aided by science, has been directed towards utilizing waste pro- ducts, and a vast amount of tke industry of | manufacturing cities and countries is now bestowed in this way, to the great gain of ' commerce, and to the great^ convenience of, the consumer, who' is the ultimate gainer by j this pievention of waste. 1 The sjme ide« ¿n a ' different form is to ¡ be found, in all largo and well organized ¡ manufacturing establishments, as respects the j waste of that valuable commodity, labour. The more costly labour has become, in con- sequence of its increased price, the more employers of labour have sought to diminish, its waste. The end lias been sought by the more perfect organization of service, by the judicious adaptation of the premises, by the i employaient of machinery, and by so arranging ¡ the succession of operations that nothing should , be handled twice where one handling is \ sufficient. The difference between a sue- > cessful and an unsuccessful establishment may at tunes be tiaced. simply to the differ- ence in the organization of work. One man saves wheie another man wastes ; one man makes a foituii'e where the other man gets, ruined. This piinçipie of economy which employe*; of' labour now-a-days study more inten-ifl^ , Utan evei, seenih to be too much disrega-'4->.' by the employed. So far froin seelring to economise labour to the utmost, the principles which guide the policy of thou unions seem, in many respects, adapted deliberately to estxtblish a waste of power, and thereby pur- posely to keep back the productiveness of labour. Por instance, the plan of establishing as a standard of a day's work the capacity of the -weakest instead of the strongest, man ; the plan of deliberately dawdling over theil- woik so as to spin out the employment ; the effort to throw into overtime what ought to be done within a fair day's work ; the still frequent dislike to the employment of machinery in lieu of human laboui ; the objection to unskilled men doing unskilled woik ; the piejudice against the labour of women and lads; the objection to piece and contract work ; these and others that might be mentioned aie all against the' economy of pioduction. No doubt there are some leal objections to ,what is objected' against, and there ate some real advantages intended by the union restrictions ; but still that does not modify the fact that the ten- dency of the policy most in favour with tiades' unions is au unproductive tendency, and is therefote so far for,th against the inte-t rest of the consumer. Now, before the present struggle between! capital and labour can be satisfactoiilyj adjusted, it is quite clear that the inteiests of consumer and producer will have to be reconciled as far as possible ; first, because evciy pioducer is himself a consumer, and has an interest, therefoie, in both respects ; andj secondly, because the cost of commodities can- not be indefinitely incicased without restricting the demand for them. The popular notion that wages may be increased indefinitely) ?without hurting the employer, becauso he can pass the charge forward, is only true to a very limited extent ; and it behoves the trades? unions to study more closely than they ever seem to have done yet how to reconcile their claims with the claims of those who have to buy what they produce. Particular ciicumstances give a I tempoiary triumph to a set of principles that aie in themselves wrong, but in the end no seulement will be accepted as permanent that is not just and reasonable, and nothing will be consideied as such that involves a wilful waste. Theie arc indeed son«? theorists, who lock forward to the extinction of capitttl as tile) ultimate solution of the difficuly ; who desirç lo exclude the words " employer " and " em- ployed " fiom the language ; who look upon the relation as a degrading one to both parties, and who desiio a state of society iii which every man should be his own master. "Whether that millennium will ever arrive, and whether, when it does arrive, if; will be found to be the millennium anticipated) ate questions that we moy safely leave to the generations that shall follow us. The piesent degree of civilization has been brought about (aided, of [Course, by indispensable labour), by that frugality which lies '"k§ the basis of capital, and by ¿hat intelligence which has turned capital ''lo¡ account. Withqut them labour alone could never have achieved the present social status, nor is theie the slightest sign that capital has as ,yet done its work. On the contrary it is becoming a more potent agent than ever, and only needs to have its relations with1 labour adjusted on an equitable basis, to make it increasingly pioductive of good effects. "Whatever, therefore, the theorist may dieam about, the business of the piactical man, whether he be a wage-giver or a wage-¡ getter, is towaids bunging about justice be- tween employeis and employed. If that can be done, if labour can not only be mado to yield a lair return for its cost, but to establish confidence in the minds of the employers, then a new industiial era will bogm.t Piobably no man can tell at the present day how much industiial íesults are kept back by the meie fear of strikes. No mun likes to invest laige capital with the ap- prehension that it may at any time be practi- cally confiscated by the action of his workmen. Many an enterprising capitalist has invested! his money at modeiate interest rather' than submit himself to this risk,} and with the example of ruinous strikes before them, the number of these! cautious capitalists is likely to increase. "We constantly hear gieat complaints as to the amount ^,of money lying .iii deposit at.J¡hej banks, and we hear ot energetic people asking) why it is not invested in some industrial! undeitakingb. _ But if the owners of this: capital weie questioned, they would say that( they piefened to get five per cent, norn the bank, to getting ten per cent, from an industry j which might at any time be brought into a j state of sudden collapse by. a strike. I Consideiations such as these will some day* weigh with the wage-getting class. They, cannot be expected perhaps to be appieciated ! all at once, still leBS at an epoch when strikes j are ciedited with having raised the rate of ¡ wages, and when it has not become clear how I much strikes have kept down the demand for labour. Undoubtedly the best of all guaran- tees for the rate of wages lies in a brisk i demand for labour, and the best guarantee for a brisk demand for labour is the induce- ' ment for capital to invest itself freely in those establishments wliich will create that demand. And nothing would be such a guarantee as an assurance against the risk of '. strikes, and the assurance that the conditions of labour are so arranged as not to involve any unnecefesary waste of the, time 01 the capital of employers. IN the case of JENKINS v. COOK, which has îecently cieated some stir in England, a cleigyman and a layman appeared in a Court of law to settle the questions of the eternity of punishments and tho personality of the Devil. Mr. COOK, it appears, ia 'an orthodox vicar of Christ Church, Bristol, and Mr. JENKINS has been for many years connected with the same church both as a respectable parishioner and as a regular communicant. Some time ago Mr. JENKINS published espe- cially for the use of his own family a volume in the shape of selections from the Old and New Testament. From this volume Mr., JENKINS excluded all references to the disputed questions of eternal pun- ishment' and the personality of the Devil. On a ceitain Sunday in last year Mr. JENKINS'S cleigyman, Mr. COOK, preached a seimon, in which he ' strenuously upheld at least one of these disputed points. Heieupon Mi. J] NKiKs writes to Mi'. COOK objecting to the seimon which" contained such offensive teacliiug. Mr. COOK,'by a ¡weakness natural ¿carun 'byan attack t on Mr. JENKINS'S book, ¡i .(i l.y'i'ltOiiuing Mr. JbKKitt? that until*he. \- I ,Jtl retracted or disavowed tue sontimeata of the book which had been published about uine years before, he could not bo received at the Lord's Table hi Mr. COOK'S church.. Mr. JENKINS infonne'd his vicar that tho clergyman's church was the layman's church also, and that in spite of clerical interdict he should appear at Communion as he had bee» accustomed to appear. The layman kopt his promise and appeared at the Communion, aud the clergyman, keeping his promise, repelled kim as " a common and notorious depraver of the Boole of Common Prayer and of the Articles." Mr. JENKINS held that in making selections from the Bible lie had done no more than many good men had done before him, anti claiming to be " a member of the Church of England, a regular and orderly worshipper, a believer in the inspiration of the canonical books of the Old and New Testament and in the doctrine of the atonement, of sins of manlcind by the death, of otu- Lord upon the cross," Mr. JKNKINS appeared a second timo at the Communion and was a second time' repelled. The vicar did not charge .his paiishioner with being an "evil liver," iu any, geneial sense. His disqualiiication lay in the j absence of his credence in the dogma of thei personality of the Evil Spirit. " Let him tell ' me that lie believes in the Devil " said Mr. i COOK, " and I will give him the Sacrament." The question in dispute between the vicar and the layman was at this stage referred to the llisliop of" the diocese by both parties iu tho quarrel. The clergyman asked for episcopal assistance in the task of putting' down heresy, while the layman asked for' episcopal protection against clerical tyranny. "Unfortunately for the Bisliop, bis desire to effqet a compromise between the disputing parties was stronger than his desire to main- tain episcopal consistency. To use the lan- guage of the Dean of Arche» the Bishop corresponded with both parties separately. In hie communications to the clergyman Dr., ELLICOIT took the clergyman's side, while iut Ms communications to the layman he as \ guaidedly took tbe layman's side. 'Aftert expressing his opinion that Mr. JENKINS'S case did not come within the prohibition of the! rubrics,' his regret for the occurrence, and his ropented advice to Mr. .TKNKIN.S to bring his grievances into Ms Court, the Bishop ¡ liimself drew up a' letter Avbick lie adA'ised Mv, COOK to send to 1 Mr. JENKINS. ïn this letter tho Bishop jnaW Mr. COOK say to his -parishioner " I fear it is my solemn duty to inform ypu that T cannot receive you as a communicant." After this it was not surprising' that the amiable Bishop' should find it necessary to write to Mr. COOK^ " We must be very careful. It has occurred to me thnt any part I may have had in draw- ing up the letter which you wrote to Mr.I JENKINS should be carefully suppressed." ' At this point the quarrel between Mr.j JENKINS and ' Mr. COOK passed on to a] Coiut ol', ,laAV and so became a matter ?of public and general interest. The¡ 'charge brought by Mr. JKNKINS againstj ,,Mr. COOK in tbe Court of Arches Avas! that of "refusing the Holy Communion, without just cause or reason." The defence^ set up by the clergyman Avas partly that, by the rubrics anti canons 'of the Church ofi England, tho responsibility is thrown upon a clergyman of repelling fiom the Communion persons whom he may deem disqualified, and; tbal, since in the opinion of Mr. COOK ii denial of the personality of the Evil One' was a disqualification for Communion he was justified in repelling Mr. JENKINS. The Dean of the Court of Arches agreed with Mr. COOK,. and, justifying the clergyman's action through- out, dismissed the layman's suit with costs. ; In the case of Fendall v. Wilson, in cornice-' tion with tlie "Essays and Reviews" the' Privy Council refused to condemn a clergy-' man for ¡'«blisliing opinions adverse to the; eternity of punishment. But in the jutlg-' mont of the Dean of Arches no such liberty can be accorded to a layman. The personality ol' the Devil is laid down in the judgment of the Court of Arches, as " a necessary part of Clnistian teaching." And, whatever excellen- cies there may be besieles, the denial of such a peisonality in the judgment of Sir R. PHIU.I- , »tonn constitutes a man 1111 " evil liver," and ', " a depraver of the Book of Common Prayer in such a manner as to warrant a clergyman in refusing to administer the Holy Communion ' to him, until he disavow this .heretical t opinion, or at least^ withdraw his, avoAval of it." " ; This is the latest deliverance of'a legal' Couit on abstract theological dogma. The piincipal thing to be regretted in such a case is that the task of discussing and oí passing judgment on such dogmas should form any part of tlie business of men like Sir B. PJULLIMOIIB, and of Courts like the Court of Aiches. A national Church is supposed to comprise a national religion. One of the commonest pleas for a State Church is that such a Church admits aU varieties of opinion consistent witli practical virtue, anel that a man is in communion with such a Church not by virtue of his belief in special elogma& but by virtue of his being an Englishman. If the judgment of the Dean .f Arches is a conect one, no layman has a right to be regarded as a member of the National Church of England who has not an orthodox belief in the "Devil, and who does not maintain that men who are wicked heie will be eternally punished hereafter. Many of the stautest of the sects have no such straitness as this. A clergyman is bound by no such fetters in the Established Church of England. " The Queen m Council has decided that it is per- missible for a clergyman not to believe in eternal jnuiisbment, that a clergyman who "himself; mutilates the Scriptures may admin- ister the sacrament, and yet may, if he pleases, refuse it to a layman for holding precisely his OAVU oiunions." Thus, if the judgment of the Court of Arches is upheld by the Privy' Council, there will be one law in England for the clergy and another for the laity. There is little chance of such a judgment as that which has recently been given by Sir R. PKir.MMOiiE being upheld, but it is surely a noteAVorthy circum stance that in England- such a judg- ment has been given, and acteel on at all. The particular-dogmas in dispute may be true or not tiue. The .religious and ecclesiastical propriety of a man's having his own views I on the eternity of Divine punishment.« and the personality of the Evil Spirit is a subject wjiich may concern but few. But the light of a man to the libeity of his, religious opinions without being1 suli 'jected t,o public and national disabilitie'o is a subject which concerns us .all. > The question is not whether- it '' i<» ..right or viiong to believe in a devil, and it i-i ! obvious that in 'OUf column« we ctiu (ILwanfi nói'the* the truth nor the importance of fchi» doctrine. The question ¡» whether it Is advi- sable that such questions should be dealt ,with by Act« of Parliament and Oo'irta o£ law ; and it is clear that the answer to thi» question has a ve«y close bearing on th'< union of Church and State. How i-r much the world wants orthodoxy, it in equally much in want of personal libcty and mutual toleration. The public will not learn with so much satisfaction a? Sir ItotiKitT Pinxi.iMOitK han learned that the not believing in the personality of th¿». Devil i>ra.n a man as an " evil liver," and that in long- land an heretical layman, if not au unotihoiiuic clergyman, may be duly punished by the law. In regions of ecclesiastical opinion tho tendency of the lay and clerical mind is ofte« in widely différant directions, if it be the tendency of the former to attach too little im- . portance to the sphere of opinion, the teudouey of the latter is sometimes to attach too little importance to the. honest virtues with whick opinions havo often but little to do. Ana. whether or not, it is not conducive to the happiness and harmony ol' either Churches or States that men should he so completely at each other's mercy as Mr. JUNKINB appear« to have been at the mercy of Mr. COOK. , SWHEME CeiriiT. - Business This Day._ In Equity. Before his Honor the Primary Judge. At M o'clock, Motions and Petitions (generally): Cornelius v. M'Donald (hy order), adjourned injunction motiou . iu r» Bnlnmin Steam Feny Co. una Companies, Act, adjourned petition for winding up order. DISTRICT COTTRT.--.Business This Day. The remnindcr of the undefended cases will be disposed of to-day as follows:-No. 3651 will be taken at IO n.m, N». 3775 will not be tnken before U a.m., finishing with. If». 3892. MEETING OF PARLIAMENT.-It is said to be the intention of the Government to con veno Parliiim&nt;' for the dispatch of business for Tuesdny tho lGth November. OuTWATin TORRES STRAITS MAIL_Tko E. and A. S. S. Somerset arrived at Singapore on Fridnv, Ist'October. THE COLONIAL TREASUREn. - The Ho». William Forster lett by tho branch steamer Ultom, on Sunday morning, on his mission to England. A Inrge party of friends went on board to seo him off, and some of thom nccomponiod him as far ns the Hcadä, from whence they returned to Sydney by steam ferrioä. Amongst those who assembled "to 'take their'loare of Mr. Forster were all his Ministerial colleagues except Mr. Dalley, who was out of town on professional busi- ness. Mr. T. S. Mort, Mr. Stuart, M.L.A. ; Mr. Edward Knox; Hon. "W*. H. Walsh, Speaker of tile' Queens- land Assembly ; Mr. Machsrdy, Mr. District Judge Josephson; Mr. Dibbs. M.L.A. : Mr, H. H. Brown, M.L.A,; Mr, W, Neil, Mr. C. Rolleston; Mr, E. Rouse, Mr. Laidley, Mr. Chirles Moore, Mr. C. A. Fraser, lion. Geoffrey Eagar, Mr. If. Halloran, Mr. John Rae, Mr. G. F. Wise, Mr. W. H. Stephens, and many others. PICNIC TO THE MAYOR OF SYDNEY.-A meet- ing of the friends of Mr. Benjamin Palmer wai held at the Masonic Hall, York-street^ yestorday evening. Mr. Alder- man Day, J.P., in the chair. There was a large attendance of influential citizens. A doputntion, consisting of Mr. Sutherland, M.P., Alderman Day, Aldorman Monimail, Mr. T. Silence, .T.P., Messrs. George Hurley, T. Donhghy, . J. H. Seanier, J. J. Moore, and J. A. Robinson wits appointed to wait upon the Mayor to inform. him that at a meeting of citizens it was unnnimou.«ly decided to invino bim to a picnio at Corrcy's Gardens, Botany, ou a day to bS fixed by Mr! Talnier. BUST OF THE LATE CoxnronoRE.-"We arc glad to noto by our advertising columns that u movoiiiout , has boen initiated for the purpose of commissioning Signor Simonotti to oxéente in marble a copy of his excellent bust of the late Commodore, to Üo placed permanently in one of our public institutions. Wo understand that his Exccllonor tho Governor, Sir Alfred Stephen, nnd many of our leading citizens have- intimated their desire to join in tho movo ment. A NEW FERRY STEAMER. - That portion of Balmain known as the Bald Rock Ferry, and which only three or four years ago was a bush country, is now becoming thickly populated. Houses are springing up in every direction. The streets, which are clean and well formed, will be lighted up with gas next month, the Aus- tralian Gas Company having built gas works at the head of White Bay. In order to meet the increased requirements Mr. Watson, of the Bald Rock Ferry, has found it necessary to get another steamer. The new vessel made a trial trip on Saturday, and gave every satisfaction, both to the builders and owners, the measured mile being done in seven minutes. She was launched from the ship-building yard of Messrs. Duncan and Sorrie, on the 31st August. Miss Watson, the daughter of the proprietor, performing the ceremony of naming her, and calling her "TheViolet." The new steamer has a flush deck, measuring 90 feet by 22 feet 6, giving accommodation, for 300 passengers. She is built of colonial hardwood and kauri, and is fitted with diagonal engines of 25-horse power, constructed at Mort's engineering establishment. The Violet was built under the personal supervision of Mr. Watson, who deserves every credit for putting such a fine boat on the ferry for the comfort of his patrons. THE ENGLISH CORN MARKET.-Our telegran». from London of October 2 states that wheat is quoted at .Ï3s. to 54s. per 480 lbs. On reference to the quotation* given in the circular of Messrs. Burrows and Perks of August 6 wo lind that wheat was sold to arrive at from lös. to 53s., cost, freight,.and insurance, Adelnido terms-a few sales, only having been made at the extreme figures of 03s. Gd. to 54s.; tinco then business iiad boen done ¡"ils. to 53s. per 480 lbs. The value on the spot is from 55s. t» .iGs. per 4% lbs. lnnded. DEATH HY DROWNING.-We (D/ilbij Herald) received intelligence on Monday, of a «ad accident thal happened onlhe lilth.Septembor, at Messrs. Brodribb and Carter's stnjion, Kurrowah, to Mr. H. K. Shaw, managing clerk for Mct.M-.-i. George Half and Co., Brisbane. Tho un- fortunate gcnlleinnn was on a visit at the station, mid had ÏOIIP out on Sunday morning to bathe in the lagoon near the house. A boat was kept.on the lagoon, and Mc. Sha* having entered it. proceeded iis fur ns the centre of tho water and plunged in. After swimming about for somo time, he enden vom ed to swim towards the boat which had. drifted away, and when within a short distance of it, ho was braid by n little boy named Moore, who was at tho edge of the lake, to cry out, and seen to .sink.; The boy im- mediately inn to the house and raised nn alarm, and Mr. Brodribb and others rushed to the water to render assist- ance. Just then sub- inBpector Judge and constable Worner arrived at the stntionand all united in tho .search. After about half-nn-hour, constable Warner felt the body with a pole, and assisted in raising it out of the water, but life wa* quite extinct. It is supposed tiie deceased got entangled: in tho weeds among which the boat had drifted. A uiairis tei ¡ni inquiry was held by the Hon. James Taylor, when the above facts were doposed to. The deceased goutleirmi» was highly esteemed by his employers as woll as others, and we nie informed that when the news of his untimely death reached Brisbane the lings of the shipping wore loweied to hiilf-mnst lugh in token of respect. He has loft a widow and five children. A MOTHER FOUNIJ.-On August lt> last (says the Argus), nu infant a few months old was found' in Studley Park, who was named by the Collingwood magis- trates August Studley, and sent'to the' Industrial School. Since then Constablo Cash has-been engaged in making in- quiries with a view to discover the mother, and much credit is due to him for having traced her out. From what h» lind heard ho went to the house of a man nnmod Fraser, an engine-driver, at Richmond, and ruiestioned Mrs. Fraser about a baby she was nursing a few months back. Sho said sho had" not got it now, and told him that it came Lut» her chnrgo under the following circumstances :-About tho 12th May last, an advertisement appeared in olio of tho . newspapers for a woman to take cara of an infant. This sha answered, and on tho following dny ß ladylike woman of about 75, who represented that she belonged to the Ladies' Benevolent Society, came to the house, and made au agree- ment with her to ¿cop the child for "s. Gd. per week. Tit» {stranger desired Mrs. Fraser to feed the baby with a spoon, mnd not to give it any sugar, and appointed to meet lier at 'tho East Richmond railway station next day, when ah» ?would hand the child ovor. Mrs. Fraser kept the nppoint iment and ni the slntiMi, besides the old lady, saw n ronuff woman, who gave her tho baby. Mrs. Fraser asked wher» they lived, and tàey gave her nn address, which she afterwards discovered to be a wron«: one. This aroused, her and her husband's suspicions, and instituting a search, Mrs. Fraser heard the persons she wanted lived at Miss Whitten's. >'o. 3, Ciesswell-Blreet, Hawthorn. There sho went with thocliHd, and found them' The old woman gave the mime of Mi». Bums, and said she was the grandmother of the vouuger -woman. Mrs: Fraser asked her to take back the child, but she îefuscd to do so. Later in the interview, îequcsting thu younger woman to hold tho baby while sho fastened her shawl, nils. Frazer, as soon as she got it out of her anns, ran from the house. The ,samo ovening the woman. wUo.had never »reviounly acknowledged sho wa* the mothoiof the infnnt. brought it to her, und, admitting ¡the fail, begged her to take charge of it until she could lind some one else to do it, but Mrs. Fraser declined. This was ou Saturday evening, and ou the Monday morning following tun babv was found iu Studley Park. Ou tho 28th ot September the young woman, who has a highly nupecdibje. appearance, and is about 22 years of age, wii" I brought hqfino the* Collingwood Court and charged with I liiiviiigiiuluwfully iilmndnned n mule child under tvm year*. I She had hitherto lefuseil to fell. Inn- name, hut- then gave 'I -Hs.lùiimu Hums.. Sue ni« u-iuuudeJ. t.ill TuosJ-iy neil. tnit'bciti? allc-ticd. iu two niuvtic- tif, fc25 «le'i. ACCIDENT ON TUF BOTA WV ROAD-An * .nttemanvv.s ulurnïng from St Sito» Church, at mid div on Stmdnv, ind on the pavement ho was knocked d wu bj a bra o attached io a dogcirt, severely hrmsed, ,n 1 muí h suikin AVo aro informed that Botany Road « a most d«iM>o«' P'*» on ^indllv *ne\nTn< f[?m tUo number (f ..i Mi M. I iders and driveis of yolnçks re arning I um then . ntii.g «hile others com ei t it mto «pi ice Or I 'eiking iu i.or c«, Tur ÏMA> ZBAIAM) CAIILK-It appeais ¡romidvico« winch hav o boen reten ed f loin England tint l,"cable lo le lind between New South A\nie-, and ISew Zealand, un- been «hipped on boaid the Edinburpfh ind fiilcinui vii eli ve«scl-< aioto leave London for Sydney t wild« tb< < i ii of '"o present month MrrFOfls -A concspondent writes it GladiM .,¡1» _"OJI Sundi» night, about 10 o clock, within a few nmtcs ol ( ich ether 1 saw four moteorn fall, one in the ii rth ind ib< i UiLt m the south, winch were the most li uitifitl In.rw» Ibrv appealed a-, in immense bill m bim fm undi lie one iu tho noith wa« so inteusol) bright II >t it I élit il up the wholo garden III which I wa« wulk ii i. Tiri« Amur KIT»-The Régulai Aitilleiy nil mai cb li long Hay today, with thoir field gun« lunn" Tlnuiiiks about 10 10 am, and oncimp for the !ii"ht C Io morrow, AVccuie«dnj, they will cniry out their Himanl pr.ctiii lu seuwai-d, returning to Buracks tit t. p m iiitliec\eimi= Tnir AT I'AiiKiNoiON-Last night about 9 0 clock a ti i e In eke out on the promise« of Mr Dingle, Imker, and dwtmvod a eouplo of bale« of lutv, and slightly c1 imaged «< mi «table« J eui engines were present the fi (. was extinguished with buckots of wntei Qnvv ii LI s Oí i icr vi. Pos r OFI ICE DIKFCTOIU -AVchavo leeoivcd a copy of "Grovillos Ofilcial Post (Juice Tin eetoiy and Ga/ottcoi of New South AVnlcs,' con- taining the mine«, residences, and occupation« of the mlnbitnnl« ot the eountrj post tovvnsol tho colony , a brief I. storv of the progress of New South AVnlcs, and ii con ?uJcrnble amount of othci useful information of a miscel 1 ineous chnrni Iel It ii dedicated, by pel mission, to the linn J r Hums Postinustoi -General, to whose courtesy ?mil ii=«istnne (lu coinpilei ot thowoik acknowledges that de is indebted foi much useful in foi mat ion The postal directory cunt mi« tho names of 800 towns wita the christian nunn « and sui names and occupations of thoir resi- dent« Hie Ga/elleor gives information rolnting to tho disttnocs lunte«, modes of communication Govern- ment oilice« arnvol and depaituie of minis rcMjtircCr, mid qualifications of the colony nnd its iwlunil progress and development Ibero aie also a suttisttcnl return, a collected list of the liiombois of both Houses of Pu hument, a list of the Govirn<>i> since the foundation of the eolonv, the names of the membois of the rxecutivc mid much other useful mnttei of constant rcfei encc In iidilitiim, there nie m the volume (which con turns about 100 pages eiemv octavo) tinco excellent maps illustrating the pn-toiil, agucullural, minni, telegriplue and railw iy b miniarles, pi opal ed by the Goveinniont Tlie book is cue fli it will bo found to be very usoful Hie I rintel is Mi 1 11 Ivellv, and the published ire Messr« Oí eulie and Cmnpiny RICHMOND-COUKT-HOUSI', .Sx-Some agi- tation his recently been gomn on respecting the do-u ible ne«o of haying a Court held at Richmond, und it leis ttcn detein.med to potition the Government to place a sum on the E«tun ites foi 1870 foi tho election of a Coutt-hi.u«e md police qum tors It is considered that a« Richmond is nownn ineoiporated toyyn, daily growing into importance , with a present population of 1100, and three tunes Hint nuinbei m tin distuct surrounding it, and as it is often inconvenient foi suitoifl to attend at AVmdsoi, it is fanly due that ii Ci urt should bo established heie A public meeting tu consider the subicct was held at the Royal Hotel on Siturdnv oveuing, f ho May ni (Mi Toseph Onus) piesidmg, yilun II lesnlution vyns nnnnimouslj cniried aulliounnï tlie ehauman to haye a petition picpaied at once, and the di«tiicteanynssed foi signatures THE EiGHT-IIoun DFMONSTK «ION -Cloutait Ins seldom presented such ii gay appearance as it did yesterday, when its green swaids, ind dunoiiifc saloons, and nooks and bown«, weie thronged vvith cxcui«ionii>ts vy ho ?nero Inking put in the aight-houi demonstration of U>7ö Fioceed ngs in connection ynth the eelobiation began at nn early bom m tlie morning bj tho assembling of the members of the ynnous ti ide societies in. the Belmore Guldens, and the fonnnlion ot a procession 1 if teen «ocioties were well lepresenfed, and when the procession stalled it must haye nuinbeied about tinco thousand workmen It vvi«. headed by tho A olnntccr Bngnde Bund, and marohed d.vin Gooipc street, Iving-sti cet, and Pitt-strcot to the Cireukir (Juay, yvhere, as speedily is possible, all embarked on board one or otlioi of the Hy e commodious ileamei-, that plied betyveen the eity and Clontaif at inteivaLs during the da) Betyveen 1000 nnd '»000 perons yycro convoved bv steamer to ono of the most favourite spots m Middle Hurboui Arny ed at Clontarf, there was no lack of uiiiisciuonts lu addition to the Arolnntoei Band, tho \ oung Australian Band vv as ilsoongaged, and díñeme was kept up yyith unflagging vigoui all day, both in tho large pavilion and on the level green Then theie yrorc merry go rounds, football, enckot, and ninny othei souice« ot iimusemcnt, whilst those v,ho picforied sight seemg lind acrobatic exhibitions Punch and fudy and other d m It emmti piovided foi them the utmost goodoidei prevailed throughout the dny, nnd all appeared lo thoroughly en|ov themselves As the picnic commenced emly in the cluj, i retient homewuids was commenced at a pioportionntelv uulvhoui mtheoyening andneailj allyveie safely landed m Sydney befoi-e dusk Much credit is due to the committee of management, the members of which yvcre issidnous in the» effort« to piomoto tho comfoit of the ex- cursionista A notuble fentuio of the daj s pioceodings wis thedispliy of thico splondid new banner«, belonging respectively lo the Biieklaveis Libourera Society, the Opcratiy e Masons Society, and tho Painters '1 he designs weio excellent md nppropunte, and tho piunting and glid- ing reflected much credit upon Mi li Dime«, of Castlc lesgh Rtrcet ti. yyliom the execution of the yyoik yvns entrusted SCAHLTT li-ynt -The Melbourne A)yus lays thal this malady has appeared in a uinlignunt form in l'ininan 1 nst Mondnv a child between three and four j cat s old, sou of Mi Samuel Bryant, hying m Anchoi plnce, oft Chnpcl «ti cot, Prahran, noarlj opposito the loyvn li ill, died ifter ii «hort illness, but the leal nituio of the malady yvn« not immediately discovered On AVednesday night nnothei son, i few months oldei, died, and that eyen ing the fnthei was taken ill, and ltyyas found by Di Gum>t, «ho attended lum that the tyvo children had died of scailet fe y ci, and Hint the father y\as suhonug fiom the same disease Sei »emit Parkinson, who visited the place, iscribed the outbieak to defectivo chaînage, thoio being no fall to <auyofl theseweiige m Anchoi-place, which, eonsequently, hiw a bad Mnell Ho communicated yvith the central and li cal boards of health, and tho local health oflicer, Dr Tiiiinsey, y witt d the place On the »0th ultimo 'the third and lnst of Mi Biynnt s childi on y\ns attacked in a sinulai mannet, mid hist night yvus yery ill, but Dr Gunst had lu pee Hitit this c hild and the fnthei yyould lucover At> E VTR voRMî.An\ EscAiM - A most txtraoidinnty and p ovidentinl escapo fiom death yvas ii ported by the llauhqo Adveita.t> to haye otcuired un the 20th ultimo A vouth named Samuel Payne who îcsides with lu« puentsat Ironbark, yvns working at his tindo as n bootmaker at the shop of Mi 1 tiggtns, m Cali lorma Gully md it appears that on Monday eyenmg ho weil ed ty\o hour-, latei Hum, usual, tho time of hi» leaying his mastei s premiaos being eight o clock Ho did not leluin home Hint night and his inothoi, behoving that ho bud slept oveinight lit tho place where he was vyoiking, sent his bieiklnst there the uext morning by auothoi biotltei lo lu-, (istonifihment he was informed of the time of his biothoi s leaving on the previous night, and tlso that lie lind not been seon near tho premises after» irds Not much notice ywis taken of tho nftair during the day, but the inothei bec uno gieutly alaimed at his not i eturcimg home dining the evinine;, and she gave information to the police Sergeant Diought instructed Constablo Anderson, off Long fiully, and Alotmtrd constableBushe to make n search, und is the vouth was stated to be verv «hoit- sighted they «.reeled then c doits to searching a number of old shafts in \iiieriatii Gully and the vicinity which would hive to be passed by linn on Ins rand home kverv bile in the neighbouihciol was searched without any trace of the missing youth, and ii was generally believed that in «losHiigtlied.m of Ivoch s Pioneer Company he must have fallen in and met w ith a watery grave Arrangements were in nie by Scraennt Draught for tlie dam being dragged this moi nmg, but fortunately the orders foi this work had not long been giv en boforo racv were count«manded, as intel- ligence WUK bluntly afterwards icccivcd of his liny mg been iuund the vwiy in which his whereabouts was discovered u, coitainly the mn«t wondei ful which has been recorded foi .jenrs A biothei of his ni company with two other youths, was standing nein ¡in abandoned shatt, closo to tho house, it about six o claek lnst evening, when marks weie observed i* though some pcr«on had slipped m Their cuuositv was <Aii(ed, and Payne s brother threw a small «tone down the haft which i« nyei sixty feet deep, when to his Joy he Iicuid Ihe voice ol Ins biothei ciy out " Stop that ' Ques- tions weie put, but no reply vvis given, and immediately i rope was pioeuicd and some miner» doscended The bottom of the shaft w u yen soit, and theie was found the missing y nulli alive md well He was at once raised to 'he surface when the only mark obsoivuble was a Riimll eui on Ins forehead Ho was taken home, ina Di At! ii on wa« sent for, who pionouueed to the »ilwfnction of hu fneilds that no bones were broken, and Hint Payne bul inly received a shaking, from which he would leeovn m few days Aftei being two days and two Mfrlita in the «h lit he wis naturally in rathei nn exhausted eondition mid as it wits advisable for his speedy recovei v mot ne should be kept iu perfect quiet, no questions were 1»" to lum is to how ho had fallen in lhere can be no doubt, how cv ci that tliedaiknessof the night combined with the fact tint the .baft was unprotected, and his bein,? Miort- siphtcd, caused bun to wilk into it Tin« shift is -.minted in the midst of a thickly populated neighbourhood 'loso to one where a young mm named Dnke was killed »omo tune ago tbtoughthe breaking of a i ope, aud hn-, often i" en complained of bv tho residents I he now s of fvoun » laviie bem( mi-Mug snread like wildfire, mil mimen.IW «no Hu Mumme, a« to vvhnt- lind becniim of him but nu soiiowful feelmg which had been Housed imongst the iiiVlmou^ wi ijmellv di«pcll< d on the news of Ins sife <J f-iovciy, 1 no- raetilnfed It miy be mentioned th .1 i '»H. ii i inMu md thiiefon dunk'innot lu ir iiiiuiiiUa» iliuwd his meiliiig willi su U % uu-,hip i METROPOLITAN DISTRICT COURT-The Octo- ber sittings of this Court began yesterday, before Mr District-Court Judge Dowling A large mimfcer of undefended case« « ero disposed of SUDDEN DEATH -We regret to learn, by a telegram received on Sunday from Bathurst, that Mrs. Rowland Oakes, daughter of the Rev. R Mansfield, died suddenly. A tUGHT-WALKKU-A very strange oc- currence happened in Jamiflon-street early on ^un da\ morning It appears a person on lu« way homo ajóng Jamison street, about J o clock, saw somothmg white moving on tho lop of ono «f tho h rases and stopped to sen what it wan Ho thought it wis a ghost -and then a somnambulist, but it turned out t» bo sonio wideawake person doing gentío exorci-o on tho roof THI1 MAGDALA MINE -The delay which has taken pince m ascertaining tho quality of the stonL takon from the Magdala Reef has caused a great fall m the «hares, which were yestordny quoted as low ns £ I 10s f he Ballarat correspondent of the Argvi writing list night, saj s -"1 hete is no later news ns to tho naturo of the reef than tho following, sent from tho claim on Tuesday - 'In tho middlo shaft wehaio found a horse of slate in tho reef , to-day, putting in a stope south uncov ered a face of stone coining from the west, apparently cutting out the slate Burned some of the »lato and found gold th slate is thoroughly mixed with stone, no appearance of footwall The aspect of the lode is tho same as in the Extended and other places Sovernl specimens have beca broken uv brokers and other viaitois, in which gold has been scon The lOJlb weight of stone sent to the School of Mines to be ticntcd in tho samo wnj as m a battery, has yielded at the rate of (b\ one ptocess" If» dwt 17grs per ton and by anotliu, 14dwt log« per ton Tho directors decidod to day to prohibit, for the futnre, any ono touching tho stone that is sent up ns nn> piece that shows gold is removed and thev think that some of fho porsons who frequent the mino nie m the interest of the jobbers also ' F WAL ACGIDINT AT YARRAVILLE-Thomas M'Dinald n lad igcd IG v eni s, omplo} ed al the "Yarraville Sugni Rennen, ?% letona, was accidentally killed, on the 20th ultimo (sa j s the Age), at the works There is a lift which woiks up and down n distnnco of 80 to 90 feet, tho weil m which it works being surrounded by tho staircase, bv which communication is lind with the ton floors of the building M'Donald was at work on the upper floor, und lind drawn a Ion y of ciudc sugai off tho lift, and aflei emptying Jit at a distant unit of the flat, ho pushed the lorry bick in ordei that it might bo loweiod down again Unfoi tunntelv, bo did not observe that the platform of the lift h id been low ered during his absence, and the result was Iii it lie pushid the Iori v into the woll of tho lift, and was drawn down bv it The dop th to which tho unfoitúnate hid fell was Go feet The noi«o of tho fall at once brought «( me woiknien to the spot, mid they found M'Donald dead, his head being fern full} smashed Dr J T Cobb was sent foi at once A NE« CAUSE OJ ILLNI ss -" yEgles " o£ the Avtto/aixun relates - " For invitations to Mr Gate- house s hi lilian! bull there wero innumerable caudidatcs Lítenlas wns the Mnvoi in his construction of what might be construed into claims ho succumbed nt last-not that his hospitable inclination fulled, but the si>e of the bull-room An enterprising gentle- man it one of the Victorian outport» was amongst those who npplied to his Worship for tickets for himself nnd his wife Hit lettei wns from n stranger, and found its way into the waste piper bn°kct A few da}a later tho Mavoi icceivid anothei communication from the same gentleman, innouuc ng his arm al at some hotel in Melbourne, and expressing his fen that the invitations must have miscai - i îçd This second assault nlso fniled Tust on tho c\ e of the ball his Woiship was favoured with nn impnssionod ippenl foi ticki ts, enclosing a medical certificate that the « ife of the npplicant lind become hysterical, and that he (the husband) could not answei for tho consequoncos if the Mnvor persisted m his îefusnl That responsibility was mite too much foi Mi Gatehouse Ile surrendered at dis- cretion ' ^inosjM AND DrATH-A conesjjondent, wnting to the Melbourne Teleyiaph of the 30th ultimo, siivs -\oui paper of this day i coords a fatal accident from inhnipiopct use of Korosono nt Sydney, and unfoitunntelv these accidents aio too common, nlthough not of so fntnl a elim nctei A question irises-Why do son ants use kero- sene to light fires í It appear« to mo that tho} aro not pioperlv insliucted m fhe mt of lighting fires, or thev ure not supplied with piopei materials for doing so I think the bittet is the chief cause, and coloninl industries hnvo te share tho blnmo At ono timo any quantity of old casoa could be got fiom tho gioccr foi nothing, but owing to tho di mund foi cases to hold colonial products, wino, oto, ea«cs aie at n picimuni, and tho cases are charged for m \oui account, and old largo cases that formerly fed the fires ne now nindo up into small ones, to hold colonial-made iles w mes, candles, soap, etc , and Mary, Biddy, aud Jano find it u hard case to got kindling, and so kerosene has to do dut} foi w ood 1 hero is a patent fuel sold in shops foi kindling lues, but I do not see tho same sort as thnt used m England, made of wood und rcsm Insuranco com- panies do not nppear to interest thomselvos much in these nutters, mid matches, kerosene, otc , aro kopt and used just as people think fit, but, perhaps, a very extonsivo firo amongst tho densely-packed cottages of some of our subui bs innv open their oyes to tho danger. With respect to kindling foi lues, I believe a pa}able industry could he found if the niatonal were sent out and hawked in the -.tieets at reasonable rates EATING THE ENEMY -The following appears m the Gulden,-The post now devastating so much of A\ estern America forms, it appears from the American Agriculturist, good food A fow bushols of hoppers were piocuied and placed in chai go of ono of tho best caterers in St Louis to bo served A nunibci of scientific gentle- men weio invited bv Profcssoi Riley, and n dinner was set foith at which the lively locust formed tho solo animal food Mnitvis to science, sonio moy think, but so far from this being the case, it was n feast that tho venost opicuro might env\ Those men of science began with Caloptcnus soup KI lino that, against all iules ot etiquette, they asked for "nioie, ' then caine hopper futters, vastly better I linn an} oyster fritters, and so on with roast, boiled, fried, mid stewed of the same, each btttei thnn tho lnst, until tho climax of the fen«-t was leiched in locusts sei ved with honey These locusts feed on the fnt of the land, and why should not wo in lum cut them "It is ngainst our prejudices " But when we coolly considoi tho mnttor, tho locust is lealU no more repulsive than a shrimp, or ovonnn oyster, and tint they «iel eally acceptable to the pnlato tlioso gentlemen enthusiastieill} declnre In poi tions of Kansas, Nebraska, Missoun, and elsewhere, people weio nctuall} suffonng ftom hunger, with all the while untold quantities of food uound them- not only food which will sustain life, but of a Habitable kind , and, whatever jocular lemarks may be made about this hopper dmnei, we think, that the gentle- men who pin took of it did un eminently good woik, and one which in lutuio years may prevent much suffering Tin ILv\ DISTRICT.-If the wants of this Jistnct woie attended to in honost proportion to tho amount if nionev it furnishes toGov eminent Conors, we (Standat d) would lime no occasion to trouble Government so fro liienth about public woiks The revenue denvablo b} Go\eminent from tim district during tho present yeal, from one souice nlono-tho alienation of Crown landa would nppem to bo assuming pnncolv dimensions, and will piobabH CMeedhy a large amount tho receipts during any previous A cal A short time ago wo estimated that the pn} monts it the local Crown Lands Ofllco would mount up to £200,000 for tho veai , oui estimato being baBed upon .ittuil îeccipts to date The Amending Act has since pasted into law, however, and conditional purchase has re 1 cci\i da glentor impetus than was ever anticipated, whilo the alea of land advertised for sale by auction has also m eleased L, \ards of G000 acres have been takon up during the cunenl month undor tho 29th clause, which represents a. present mcoino of £1500 depoBit mono}, and Crown lands to the valuó of nearly £10,000 aro advertised for solo on tho l'ith and 20th October noxt At the rate mone} has boon paid bv us into the Treasury up to tho present month, tho income foi tho vear m this district, will amount to the enoimous sum of £300,000 THE GROUNDING OF THF CEYLON.-It is reported by the AtQtis that on the 28th ultimo tho Pilot Boaid look some furthoi evidence relativo to tho grounding of the R M S S Cevlon, on the 13th Jul}, when npproach ino- the enstern entrance of tho south channel, in chin go of Pilot Rich It wns understood that the mquirv was closed, «o far OB taking ov idenco was concerned, on Monday, but at the instance of Captain Payne, chief harbour-master, Mr J Anderson tho master of the s s Pharos, was y ester da} examined with reference to tho lighting of the south channel Ho corroborated the ovidenco previously given to thee\tont of admitting that ho had observed a slight " lcnkn0c" from the pile light in tho south channel, but the gleam of light did not, in his opinion, resemble the pile light and it wns not in tho same bearing laid down in tho sailing directions foi the pilo light the '¡leakage " had sinco been remedied bv placing n scicon so as to intercept tho flash Pilot Senl wns willing to give ov ideuce to the eftccl thut he, in common w ith most of tho pilot service, ciitei tamed doubts about tho accuracy of the pilo lyht, but as ono of tho members of the Board pointed out that in that case tho pilots wero to binnie for not re- porting their doubts to tho Boaid or tho Harbourmaster, it was thought best not to examine him It is customary foi the pilots in going down tho south channel to steer by the led li¿ht ou Aifhur's Sent until the red light from the pilo lighthouse tomes into viow Pilot Rich's dofonco is that, owing t« "leikago," the pile light opened out nearly half a mile to tho north of No lo buo}, which is situated at the ovfieine end of tho sandbank on which tho Co}lon grounded Behoving this "leakage" to bo tho pilo, li"ht, the helm was put to port, and almost immediately the Cevlon grounded As tho accuracy of tho lights was called in (¡nestion Captain Payne declined to vote, and the remaining four members of the Board, being cquallv divided as to the culpability of Pilot Rich, could an ive at no decision Wo understand that tho opinion of tho Attorney-General will be sought, with the view of asccr timing w hellier in tho taso of nu cejualit} of v otos the chairman foi the time being (tu this instance, Captain Devlin) should not have, likt the President of the Boaid, n casting vote The pilots have presented a petition to the Boird requesting that tho altitude of the light on Aiíhüi s S at muht be increased jtnd that a lightslup might be i>' i ed at the end of tho bauh ou whuhtheCeylongrouuded nutend, oí ho IS bum Two BEERS.-That was rather unkind oa the undoitaker, when last week, two roystcring blade» wh» had been freely indulging in Nat ire, at tho " AVhito Horse, ' rang fiercely at his door, nt about 2 in tho morning. " AVhat's wanted?" queried Mr». Crape, from( au open window.-" We want Mr. Crape, d'zo livo here ? " " Yes, bul ho can't seo you at this hour." " Muss seo him, madamo ; got very- important order-doublu order. Muss see hini!" So'madame retired from the window and roused horslumbcn'ng lord, who expedilionsly dressed, and hastened to the door, where he found tho young mon wait- ing. "Misser Crape, th'undertaker, we want." "Cer- tainly," said Crape, shivering in the night wind, "I am the undertaker. Now, what do you wish to order P "-" Why, two beert, to bo sure."-Crape slammed tho door together with vigour as his customers walked away.-Cumberland Jit retr>/. NKWI.Y DiscoYKitun TIN MINK.-Regarding the recent discoveries of stream tin on tho leasohold of the Jcngellic Tin Lodes Mining Company, tho Harder Post is in a pemition to state that the manager has six men employed cutting and constructing water races preparatory to wnshing the stuff. The company is also prosecuting tho works with tho best indications of prosperous results. Tramrouds have been made, and a battery of twelve stampers is on the ground, which will be worked by a large water-wheel now in the course of construction at Melbourne Thin power is used in preference to steam ou tho ground of ecouomy; besides, it woidd be almost a matter of impossibility to convoy a steam-engine to the mine in faco of tho prosont stato of tho roads. Some of tho machinery of the company has been lying at the AVodonga railway station during the past five months, as toaras cannot bo engaged, oven at exorbitant ratos. Howover, as the ronds will become passable now that tho fino weather lins come, nn effort will be made to secure tho menns of tra«Kix>rt. The quantity of tin nppoars to be inexhaustible. Thero are four well-defined lodes already discoveied on the mount, one being 7 feet thick. Tunnels aro driven varying from GO feet to 160 feet, and the com- pany intend forwarding other batteries which, owing to the ' steepness of the mount, can bo placed one below i.nother, each having a turbine water-wheel, and deriving powor from the same stream. .SCARCITY OF LABOUR.-Assuming that Mr. Lackey knows what ho is talking about, the Western Advo eatc fakes his statement, at the dinner recchtly given to him, ? as a strong argument in invour of immigration. Ho says it waR a fact that railway contractors in carrying out the extensions at prosent wore paying their railway labourers fiom 7s. Gd. to 10s. per day ; and in cases where the con- tractors required a thousand labourers to got through their extensions in tho specified time, they woro only able to get 300 or 400. In these instances ho know the contractors had advertised largely, and endeavoured to got assistance from neighbouring colonies, but Uley could not increase the number of labourers as thoy desired, and, consequently, it was impossible to carry th'e'oxtonsions oh as oxpeditiously as1 they wished., He was "suro that if the works which the present Administration desired to soo carried out w-ero in vigorous operation, thoy would bo ablo to give during the next year or two employment to at least 10,000 able-bodied men. The Narrabri Herald says the complaints now making of the scarcity! of labour are wide spread. There nro no labouring mon hnrdly to bo got. Station improvements are at, a staud still., Fencers and splitters not being forthcoming, aro putting ninny of the pastoral tenants to very great meonvenionce. ' Tho sheds too arc nil working short handed, and tho question asked is-" AVhere me the shearers 'i " From three and eight to four shillings a score are the prices offering, and scarcely any come to accept the terms. The fact is tlie Ministry, if dilatory, must bo forced into bringing in soino compre- hensive immigration schoino or must yield to others .who will. A little moro such retrogression as is now occuring and capital, for want of hands to turn it to account, must become a ding. The people should see to it that tho great ciy of " More labour " is attended to or in the end they will rue it bitterly. ' ' A FIGHT BETAVEEN A TURKEY AND A SNAKE. -^Are {Armidale Chronicle) havo been informed this week of an occurrence which is rather remarkable as showing what pluck can, under some circumstances, bo displayed by a hen turkey. It appoars that Mr. Ewin, of Carlisle Gully, had a turkey sitting on a nest of oggs near his house. The bird, after one of her periodical visits for food, returned to her nest, and found that, in addition to the eggs, it con- tained an enormous black snake, his snnkeship having apparently watched his opportunity nnd taken possession of, tho prize at a most favourable time. The turkoy, per- haps not unaccustomed to those adventures, at once ro- ? connoitered the enemy, and prepared herself to put tho intruder out. By a dexterous movement she seized tho reptile a few inches bolow the brid, and dragged it forth into open ground, where there would bei a ? fair field and no favour. Tlum comnioncod ono of the fiercest encounters between a gobbler and a Mlake that lins probably occurred iu the district. The noiso of tho combatants, the vonomous UUsiags of the reptile and the defiant gobblings of tho turkoy, soon attracted some of Mr. Ewin's family to tho spot. The snako wns making desperate efforts to extricate itself from tho powerful beak of its antagonist, and to give tho bird nn embrace round the body or logs with its strong tail ; but the turkey was just as active and determined thnt her deadly enemy should not succeed in accomplishing its wish, and gavo it repeated blows on the ground in order to silenco it for ever. After tho fight had lasted ten minutes it was found that the hen hnd put the snako hors de combat, without receiving tho slightest injury horsolf, the feathers no doubt effectually protecting her from the roptilo's fangs. AVc have read of a good ninny encounters between repre- sentatives of the feathered tribo and thoso of the reptilian kingdom, but wo havo henrd of nothing which eclipses thist for the amount of bravery displayed by tho turkoy. ^ ANOTHER DEATH FROM SCALDING. - On AArednesday last (says the Gundagai Times) a end accidont occurred at the Adelong Crossing Place to a child of Mr. Charles Lewin, jim. It seems that Mrs. Lowin had been washing and had emptied some scalding soap-suds into a bucket when she heard hor baby which had boon asloop in fho house crying. She went to take it up, leaving hor son (a child about three years old), playing about outside ; but had hardly gone into the houso when a scream caused her to run out again. To her grief and horror she found that during hor brief absence hor older* child had fallen into tho bucket of scalding suds she had loft on the ground, having it is supposed backed up against it. A massenger wns at once dispatched to Gundagai to procuro medical nid, and Dr. Marshall promptly attended. He found that the poor boy was fearfully scalded from the knees to the arm- pits, so that a grcnt portion of his skin peeled off. E very 'thinc; that medical sltill could effect to rolievo the pain of tho little sufferer yvns done, but the shock to tho system had been' so severe that ho shortly afterwards expired. THE FERTILITY OF RIVERINA.-The produ- cing qualities of land on tho Murray Kivor has been con- sidered by a great many to bo inferior to thoBo of land in. the neighbourhood of Melbourne,' or of Quit in the "more southern parts of Victoria. However, the Jliverine Herald maintains that the produco of almost all kinds grown on lauds Uirough which the Murray wends its cour¡>o will dis- ? pel all doubts as to the character of tho land gonerally. Up to the present timo the soil in this district has not been given a fair chance, as compared with tho artificial means used for tho productions of fruit and grain in other parts of the colony, butr.cultivation is being paid ospecial attention to at the present time. This may bo accounted for by the increase of the population during late years, who have turned their attention to culHvating as "well as grazing. Formerly the vast tracts of land in the Mur- ray country wcro used solely for grazing or squatting purposes, but now, with the extensivo settlement thnt hie taken place, tho lund has been largely cultivated, and tho fertile and rieh qualities of it mado known. As a notablo instance of the adaptability of tho soil for the growing of fruit to a degree of [perfection, Mr. Hcdnan's garden at Moama, designated " The Tuileries,',' may be mentioned. AVe w-ero shown some strawberries which had been grown in the open air at the garden w-e speak of. Thoy wore fine specimens, nnd of an immense sizo for thnt kind of fruit ; the flavour being exceedingly delicious. From this display of tho producing qualities of tho soil in Moama it will be easily conceived what a degree of perfection might be attained in the quality of fruit grown in the district if a little artificial forcing were used. As it has been fully proved' that the soil is capablo of growing fruit satisfactorily, it is a matter for wonder that uttenHon has not been already paid to its cultivaHon in tho some degreo as has tho growing of crops of all kinds. THE COURT.-The London' correspondent of the Melbourno Argus says that tho following story is going about concerning that popular favourito, the Princess Mary of Cambridge (now of Took) :-Lady H: wns engaged to dine with her dear friend Mrs. P., when the little plan was put an ond to by a command from tho Palace for the same day, so sho wrote as follows :-" Dear Jane,-Our engagement must bo off. Fat Mary has asked us to dine at the Palace. It won't be half such fun, and wo shall not get half as good a dinner, but needs must, &c.; Yours ever." Mrs. P., howover, did not get HUB letter from her friend, but another, in which Lady II. thanked her for tho distin- guished honour that had boen conferred in asking her (Lady H.) to dinner, and oxpresning her grout pleasure in accept- ing her invitation to tho Palace. Mrs. P. at once knew what had happened, nnmcly, that she had got the letter intended for the Princess, and via versa. She dressed in haste (the note had como by the morning's poht) and hurried off to her friond's. " Mv dour, a frightful ' mistake has happened. You put your letters in the wrongi envelopes. I trust you wrote nothing disrespectful of the Princess in the note that should have gono to inc." "Alas! but I did," cried Lady H., thinking of "Fal Mary," " not half such fun," and the rest of it. "Como, it ÍB yet early," ctied tho other cheerfully,,' "let us drive to the palace, nnd try and stop the letter." The tw-o ludio« dravo thither at pretty considerable speed, nnd Lady H., who was well known there, inquired 'whether the Princess had had her letters. " They are gono up," was tho reply. But she might, not havo road them. There was still a hopo. A message wns sent to the, lady's maid, begging that tho note in Lady ll.'s hand-' writing, and with her crest upon its envelope, might bo brought down again, as it lind boon sent by mistnke. Here the two ladies waited in expectation and discomfort. Presently there appeared a gcntleman-in-wuiting, move solemn even than such gentlemen usually nro. " t'ho Princess bids mo toll you, Ijidy H., that ¡-ho has read your letter; that- she will expect you and Lord II. to diuuer us »greed upon, but that hho yyill neither forgot nor îorgi re the terms, in which you have spoken of her." I suspect 1 Lady II. found çvwiloa« " ina" iu it th«u she es'oecteiju 