BESIDES those a terrible disasters by flood at Toulouse and elsewhere, the French have still to contend with some political troubles and troubles financial. Independently of the out- side -influences arising from, the jealousy of Germany and the possible .machinations of Russia • and Austria, together .with, complica tions arising , from the -international '/ambitions and jealousies European powers! gene rally, France has her'.own internal'difficulties yet to thoroughly smooth oyer. In a nightly summary bitbe' Revue des DeuxMondes, the'writer points out that the Assembly will soon have to give up the ghost- and go to the country, arid that three essential 'questions still remain for the Assembly to deal with TheGovernmentproposalsiriconnectiouwith the constitution,’ 'on the'-freedom of higher education, and ;the budget. Besides these three, things,; it is true, the law relating to the Press is mentioned, "but the writer regards that as a thirig apart,' as riot being a serious iteni in the category, .unless -the -Bonapartists might be disposed ’to regard it as serious.- .The.Frenph people have become used to that ■‘happy frame' of mind wherein one is thankful' for small mercies, and so they may be content-with- restrictions upon the Press’ which, freer .'peppier.' would 1 scout as ah intolerable' and wrong. They have \- not yet, learned to‘do as' theyjllke, in the. sense in which’Americans .and .-Britishers are in the ihabit -.of i.doirig,irari’d thus^'' while’imruerise. volumes ..of' : ( wirid ; are' expended: -innihe As sembly arid elsewhere’ upon ideal 1 constitutions and strict logical formularies, in which abstract propositions are dealt with in very exact language, they leave out the weightier matters iof freedom of-spetjclt'and action for the people. sNot very4brijg since M. Ernest Fontanfes|gave an address at-Havre, upon Cavour, and Kerwas -invited but the authori-, ties would hot allow it.._.'Now, we may aik, as the French writer asks, what there was in a 'lectnre'upbh'CaWur'as'a’liberal Tninisterjas-a patriot, and as a reformer that could possibly .alarms J;he„.iauthorities. The Frenchman shrewdly asks whether. ;; the-, alarm .was caused" by the apprehension that it was not de sirable to r deal,, with the question of a free Church in lia free /State/ or] to pass .judgment upon, .the empire, or to draw, attention* tb‘the" Maims : which 'M; Thiefs’had' upon the gratitude of his country. This little incident is only-worth mentioning.asaan; illus tration of a state of {things; existing in Franca which would, be. impossible .under .our, .flag. or. hinder the flag of any State' enjoying equal rreedoin-with.that -which we„,enjoy., ..The education "question' .-in ’■.France, l that is the- |-question'of, the ,i,, freedom.'.'(of;’ the, higher^'dass"'of education, "is- -.bne 1 of some difficulty and compUcation, because there the-dhurch. inters eneg, -and i.some qtheg-.parties,- have" also fanciful and;iavoiite .proposals,-.-of their own to interpose in delay of. a settlement of the question. •' It would 'be unfair to criti cise too harshly, the seeming warit/bf spirit or-/ of practical... attention tobusiness, which -a .delay in the organisation of a thoroughly! i practical liberty: discloses. We ■ ourselyes/are'! not, absolutely perfect in oiir mode of conduct-'', ing public business, eithef yih VParbameht or out of it, and if we remember the antecedents of France'ahd the ‘ genius of the- people,' we may be well assured •'that, : as M. Laboulaye wisely remarked .very r recently, “ the acclima tisation of political liberty inTrance is a deli cate work/ and one which demands a'-'great deal of management.” And so in relation to the peculiarly embarrassing question of the pro jected law respecting the' higher class educa tion. M. de Mazade, in writing upon this education question, says that for the time being'the problem all (political •; questions. The law has ■ already been dis-' cussed,’and :/ wae ; ’due' for Te-discussion. r '.' The Right in the l Assembly-'supported l the law, which gave certain privileges >pf; ffeermstruc tion t in the.higher branches and .certain rights ofe 'conterrihg'degrees, and the Right was moved'’ to this quite as much by religious as by poli tical motives} and has endeavored to press the matter forward in the Assembly, hoping for a victory on that question., by way, possibly, of revenge for‘its defeat on -the constitutional question; ’-'M; Mazade- points, out: that;-what ever concessions may be made in respect of giving tb . either religious or .lay corporations the fight Sbf having their.bwh sehiinarieh.’and professorships; and - courses of instruction,' the State is, bound to reserve to‘itself certain rights of : supervision',in the .interests 'of ,the;whole people.; - .‘‘There is; 'the .' whole question,” says, M. Mazade,' aridllwelcah 'well'u'ndefstan'd' what’ that brief sentence means,’ f The!question has agitated ll 'and > stills agitates ( the Ger man Empire/'it;/is ; 'raging in’Adhe rllnited States, and we " ourselves • are riot with out some hearings to and fro of opinion upon the same question. M. Chesnelong, who is what the reviewer calls “ an outside bishop,” and'the orator - of-the Catholic committees in the Assembly, has proposed to . extend to the dioceses, of France, the same rights as to educa tion-which are - accorded -to ; communes, and departments. .But this is regarded as danger bus in tlie interests of the' State;’ although the proposal made by M. Chesnelong has, prelimx narilySbr,-:! otherwise,been ;;adopted jby the Assembly, that body not having seen till after wards the-'gravity'bf dt,'andi!.wei learn that now it is under consideration whether the difficulty shall not be got over by the abolition as'welTof‘ diocesan "as of' cbmiriurial ' arid' del \- organisations: The sum of the whole-’question-is .pufcbyfhecreyie.werjn this way, that no jnatter,what, may, be the rival claims and conflicting jealousies of priesthood and laity, or of political parties, the State always Rheisaine} whether it be a republic or a. monarchy,., haying the same character, the same prerogatives, and the same inalienable rights. For the State is always France, representing the national’ traditions, great a civil and. alb that jpertaiusxto the. ! high police of: society,..,and ; . upon, this ground; it claims, arid ‘has"a' right; to claim} the retention s ofj the/ right .to verify o and. superin tend ,oie.i results -of ~sup^pf;j^Bjbrqcopu; ^si&^: upon the 1 privileges'accorded to the professions depends, r in-many-:departmeuts of Jife, the, wel fare of the people. ' «<. ■ ,-iiU ■ Wb coined the : word if Tobinised” \the fother day,' and we see that ;th o '-Pall has, “ Tobiuated,” 'This ‘in reference to the result of Tobiqisiug'br .Tobiuating v a ■’ward at St George’s Hospital; (whereof fhb IPaW Mall Gazette says:— s r, ia a a &o; x\u:i o a The air was evenly fresh.;. .. It was..as,fresh,to the head'as to the hands-and' feet, "and-as fresh onione side as oh the other;' ' V A thermometer atthe top of the’room marked-exactly.the-some: a thermometer, on the.flo,pr.,,,:\V’e j hunted,,abo ; ut eagerly with candles for draughts, hut though( soma/present seemed,as'iinxidus to'catch one as if they weranatur alista iadiunt of a rare 'moth, 'rio/cme'was-.successful in the chase.-. - ... •.•.•> „ *'/, (t.’ Now, this is more'thanrwe. can._say.yet of : the Mechanics,’ Institute /reading-room, although Tobin pipes have been introduced, andean ini-' proyement effected... ,As. to.the library it is'as frowsy as ever, for it had iriotJ been Tobinised at , .all. Lord Btinriffird, tried the principle years ago, but heiperfecteahis' 'pla'ris.By [pro viding means of egress' as well as of ingress,- and by-outlet pipes or. apertures in the.chimney or' elsewhere - gave to -the; iucoiriing fair a better chance of fulfilling its, function of purifying the robrnsi ‘We tak'e.it/theri/tbat'^thhprbcess of-purification, shoffid, include,.^ome;shape of outlefhrrangementlikethatadoptediby "Lord Kinnaird, and presumably introduced''at 'St. -George’s Hospital The Fall Mall, applauded the state of all the 'wards'there; ’’ but ‘remarked a marvellous difference -in favor of the,Tobin ward, and we submit that our committees 1 of public institutions will do well .-to .see, if; existing methods or no methods of ventilation may not be.improyed by the; adaptation b& the Tobin principle with Lord Kiririaird’s addilions or interpretations. ~ 