TO OOSSESPOKDEHTa .' Vanile.n~The correct tocmJa"yolip6d.'' .?BdV" (W«mc» W« tin no peanut iimnt if '-r^r"r~. bnt will It Mite to unit w opportunity. w£22£?i!Ll!K2M8&i;?55$vew ** n yfMvigifniminninto.voi^ «'AIph»« <M>drM»-r8pMMng tn » genend w»y, It nay IwwAthat abaamuai of living In * polony ia toliflwtpfMltat to the advaatagtsjoniail I7 tbaoaiMVMttHaM for aotenrfaia. or lor # camrcf Mttsttr. She fanner otyeot, with tto bmuaU* J*§B ,4Mnbe1 _ Jti»!tdd:fotJMfltabla Inveetaeot, toe., ttaU of . pi 1-ml oiimkte, woud be rfoond, |n Vidtorii, Bow Booth Wale* Wt m* usable in thia alums to gl** ytia my ttlonaUlan lh aufflalent detail to be oraacfa«nrioe.bnt would noommen^ . le|wSBr5^®F1' flot^b, which will gireyoa all ite i«Bi*i>aiMnyouw*nt about the vanou wlspliigi^weijrcooTWJlimtloniL W4 4onot btllm tint It if InqnaattllMOf "M. L. CDea" (Adelaide).-The population of lfew Zealand, cxc'ugive ot the tlaoriee, wme, by the oenius of March 1, 1874, 899,514, ot whom 4,816 were Chinese. Tbe MftortM numbered 46,016. .« Half-Light" (MaJoraa). -, The «ame Archimedes Js pronoun cod Ar-chlmfi dee, the ch being Bounded likek. «' Want to Know " (Oolac).-We believe you are sub stantially ocrreot in your suppositions. "Turf Hotel "(Mhjora^.-1, You do sot give the date of the ocourrence, and without It we cannot answer your question. 2 Sir Charles Hotham was Governor ' of Victoria at the time. i "Fossil" (Dergholm).-Professor ll'Ooy, to whom your fossils were shown, kindly supplies the follow ing note respecting? them:-' The small mass of rock Bent U a miooeae tertiary, and the supposed ivory teeth are the spines of the' sea-urchin, Oidaris. The branched fossil is the Polyzoon Oel lepora. The formation and enclosed fossils are marine. The large bones mentioned, but not sent, would probably prove very interesting." " R." (Castlemalne).-We are afraid that we shall not be able to find room tor your letter: - "Subscriber" (Wavsriey,Queensland)desires to ob tain a copy of a recipe he onoe saw for curing: a strong desire (or spirits. It, hq believes, consisted of a mixture of spices. We aire unable to put oar hand on the recipe In question, but some reader may. be able to Bupply it " Japan."-We can only refer you to a wort: on Japan, such as that of Mr. Lawrenoe Oliphant, lor . the in formation you require, which would extend far be-. yond the limits ot this column.., 41B. B. Southey" (Balranald).-The population ot China and its dependencies is, according to the moat reliable estimates based upon Chinese official re turns, 426,213,152. The population tot British India, including Burmahj U, aooording to the census of 1878,191,807,000. . " Fisher's Qhost."-We hare received different letters > on thiB subject which we are unable to find room for, but which all go to show that the writers,1 mostly old colonists, are very reluctantto part with, a long-cherished superstition which possessed the distinctive quality of haying a local, habitation. The burden of their argument is that Mr. Marcus Clarke, in his article on the subject, has not dis proved the appearanoe of the ghost. But this it teems to ua Mr. Clarke dldnot attempt to do. What tie mimed at *omettflng different He found an opinion existing laths minds at a great many people, and repeatedly stated inprint, that Fishers ghost had this advantage over all other ghoeta, that his reality had been solemnly and de cisively proved by judicial evidence in a court of justice. ttey did not Mate this distinctly In so many words, but this was She Substanee of their belief. Mr. Clarke's summary of the seal (sets, shows that this was not the case, and that the i entirely on the veracity of the ghost seer. Of course it is perfectly open to any one on this evidence, or without any evidence at all,,to believe in this ghoK or in say ghost Our contributor said nothing that need shake the faith of any one who desires to be Hove. He merely showed that for those who did not desire there was no logical compulsion whatever. ' 1 Ounce (Violet Town).-His literal translation is w A Mercury is not to be mads out of «v«fcy log." The homely old proverb, "Tou cannot make a silk purse out of a sow's ear," is the same purport, but there is no reason to suppose that it is a derivation from the MBS. received from "ittP." (Sale), "R. F. K." (Adelaide), " <J Z." (Bavenswood). «'W. Guest" (Forbes, H.B.W.)-Your letter has been forwarded. "Best-Down" (Rochester). - The requirement to quality for a pension was to hold office for two years. . W. B. Travers" (Seeking).-A billion, in the Bng lish system ot notation, is a million millions, and thus, to write a billion, 18 figures are required. " Pedagogue*1 (Sandhurst).-The first statement, 884; 210:: 2: 1J, is the preferable on*. But the other also adequately states the conditions ot the problem, although not in such natural sequence. "CL&" (St Annlt-Qin is some doubt abort the exact date of the birth of the great Dote of Wel lington, but most authorities assign it to May 1, 1769. «1A Header" (Bt Arnaud).-We are unable to oiler ypu any advice in regard to that class of literature. «? Penshurst" (Penshurst).-We have repeatedlygiven recipes for tanning akins with wattle-bark. Here is another method which la said to be avery good one: Baving carefully prepared the skins by drying and scraping, mk them thoroughly in cold water until they an s6ft, then squeeteout the water, and they are reedy lor tanning. Take three quarts of sort water aod half a pint of salt, add In. of oil of vit riol, stir with a stick, and put in the skins quickly, from five to eight, according to their size, and leave them in 80 minutes. Ifcen take them In your hands, and squeeze not wring them out, and hang in the shade, for side down, to dry. " Fortfter."-Marie Antoinette is pronotmoed with the first a broad as in far, and with the oi like oa Ma-rie. An-toa-nette. As good a dictionary as you can get Is Chambers's Etymological Dictionary of the Eng lish language, 1876, price 4s. 6d. 