AN IRISfi LEGEND. Shane's/ Castle looks very weird j as we up 'sail and run at , express; speed for its projecting grounds. The sun sinking rapidly over the western shore of the lough warms j the hoaiy brown ofi; the ruins, and, gilds, -the' splendid' wpodrbehihd,; while' the shadovrs seem ;to add a: few extra turrets ' to' the pile^ If you liaive ever, seen a yacht belong-, ing to the Ulster Club, whose head quarters are at Belfast Lough, you may have no'ticed that the burgee displayed a -iblpodiy hand. ; . K] sinis ter hand, gules, is the armorial en sign of the province, and' it was Shane's castle chieftain who figured in. tlie, story that gave rise to the emblem. The chief of an invad ing expedition, so the story runs, approaching the shores of Ireland, said that the follower who first touched the coveted territory should possess it. One man out witted his fellows'by chopping bff his hand and ' hurling it oh the! shore before tlie foremost boat could reach land, . This was , the -.chiefs ] fcjaris,'the'.0'Neills.!bf-the;Redha;h.d. j The member, of ..'thel family after ? whom the Castle-was named, Shane . O'lSfeili,. was ai man known at i the j English Court.. . He of thej, red : hand lbrded itoYer th^ bther .c and in iQueen Eli^abeth'.s itime i the, |reigning chieftain 0?Neil was vir- , ; jtually Sing of Ulster.-' This wa!s ; Shaner O'N eil, . who with ai body: guard of 600 'soldiers, and an.iarmy ; of 5000 horse and foot, had- many a brush with the iEnglish troops, (made a journey ; with the i armed retinue of ah. . independent prince to .London, : and treated- with the British Maiden Queen. , The days of Red Hands , are gone the O'Neils ho longer summon 'body guards of long, curled;gallowglasses armed with battleaxes, and attired in yellow1 vest, short tuiiies, and shaggy, coats; j to0 iburn, kill, .and destroy. Shane's descendant, Lord: O'Neilj- dwells .'undisturbed iniiis delightful .park, and cour teously allows - .the ? stranger to wander through the demesne, in spect the /..interesting /ruins, and capture, the speckled trout in the, river overhung, with umbrageous; branches, and not three miles from, the promontory from which superb .views of the lough is obtainable. The. Rifle Volunteers; have just broke up the encampment.— Daily News. [The.old castle was burne.d downed aboiit-half a cehturry ago,, and has never yet .been rebuilt; the cause of thejire was a nest of a jacdaw, which had; deen_ made in a chimney, ' up whicli.no smake had ascended for a length of time pre viouslp. A fire having been lighted without the fact being known that the jacdaw had built, its nest in the chimney, a conflag ration took, place, which reduced the fine old baronical hall to ashes. Near the. r emaina o.f . the castle, is a very old vault which has the following inscription :? — 'This 'vault was built by Shane , , Macbrian Macphelim Macsliane Macbrian Macphelim . O'Neill ..tor a burying place for himself -' and his posterity.' But. a few /of the. O'Neills are buried there, the last two of the race being laid in - a new Mau soleum erected . in the parish Church yard 'in... Randalstown.: — E« R.G.J Thk Balmoral coiTespondent of the Hamilton 'Spectator . writes ; — Hot suns and cold winds have set tled the grass for this season, and the fluke has pretty well settled the sheep. One large run in the neighbourhood has been cleared off, another lost 8000 last year, and others have also suffered heavily. A correspondent writes as follows to the Border Watch : — Fluke in fish, fluke in wallaby, in sheep, and in , men is now the cry ; and the cure is .very simple, and there is but one cure. Burn your runs, squatters— burn carefully on the margin of swamps aiid watercourses, and buyn to the ground the beds of dry swamps, or you will soon have no sheep to burn. Never mind the loss of a fence or two, and bear in mind that the fluke is a far; more terrible and fatal disease than scab; catarrh, or any other ill that mutton, is.'heir. to. .' The Sydney. Empire states that the . . Governments of New South Wales and New Zealand have com menced- an action in the Court of Queen's Bench against Mr H. Hi. Hall, ahd Mr E. M. De Bussche, one of the bondsmen for thb con tractors in the. Pacific Mail service contract, to recover the amount of bond given (£25, 000); Sir Henry James Q.C., and Mr Dennistoun Wood were' retained for the plain tiffs ; Mr F- Finley for the , defen dant, De Bussche; . /The evidence of Mr H.,, H. Hall was taken at; great, length on the 16th . Novem ber.. An action has also been commenced in the Supreme Court Of the State, of. New1, York against' .Mr .Forbes, who was joint contrac tor with Mir Hall for the mail , ser-i vice ; . and another action ia in pro-1 gress in the State of Massachusetts i against Mr Cunihgham, the other surety in the contract. . ; On Saturday morning Constable Burke, while on duty in . Bruns wick, had his attention drawn to a iman, who addressed himself as 'his Royal Highness,' when a short conversation ensuedj from which the constable at bnce in ferred the man was a lunatic, and placed him under, arrest^. He gives no name, and states he has been; 'fifteen days in the wilderness, living , ohi dead men's, bones, but the ghosts frightened liirp iaway.' His clothing is good strong cordu roy, The vest is branded. oh the breast with a broad arrow over L.~A77ahd'.the , ,coat'ion.; tlie^^n&dgr; ! ait' ?th'e ' bacit bea^.: ii , similar brand, with M.D. underneath. His boots are very : much WoUn '-bift' as he Btates that. ...an /Irish .g^ost ria^ed, O^Farrellj; ^hai^ he knqw ih . the ' old ebuntry, had st61en them, .an(l gaye;these .in exchange, the-; police are inclined to the, opinion that; he has fanen in /with some loafer, who deemed, an- exchange of boots to be no robbery. ? On the; invitation of the Duke land Duchess of Buccleuch, the : working- classes of Dalkeith were ienter.taine.(l:t.o, ^.dinneri in ithe Corn [Exchange there, last week,- iins'ac knowledgment of the good feeling displayed, by them towards .'the' ifamilv on a recent occasion, i Lord Charles Scott occupied; the chair, and a number of complimentary and ;other ; toasts were proposed' and drunk with much enthusiasm. After the dinner there was a dis play. of fireworks from the palace grounds;,' ,A' Few Curiosities. — Should; any of our readers (says the Mir ror) be visiting Mecklenburg we should certainly advise . them to ;try ? - ? and . gain . admittance to the i church of Dobberau, a small village !two miles from the Baltic, in order ito see if the relics described by Nugent in his old. book of 'Travels !in Germany are still exposed to ivi.ew there. Among other curiosi ties described are a 'small quan tity of flax which the Virgin Mary iliad for spinnina:'; a bundle of hay which the three wise men of the East had for- their cattle and left behind them at Bethlehem ;; a piece of poor ' Lazarus's garment' ; the shoulder-blade of St. Christopher ; a piece of linen cloth whieh the Virgin Mary wove with her own hands ; a piece of the head belong ing to the fish mentioned in Tobit; a piece of Joseph's mantle which he left in the hands of Potiphar's wife ; a pair- of St. Jerome's mous taches ; part of Judas's bowels, which : gushed out when he burst asunder ; the scissors with which Delilah cut off Samson's hair ; a piece of the apron which the but cher wore, when he killed the calf. upOn the return of the prodigal son; a night-cap of the Virgin Mary ; a ditto of the infant Jesus ; a piece, of St. Peter's fishing net,' and many other curious items, scarcely suitable to name to polite ' ears. Mr Nugent stated that the ! custodian' of these precious relics ; complained bitterly of the thefts which had taken place in his store. Some vagabond, indeed, had stolen one of his chief treasures — to' wit, ' a quill from ' the wing of the Angel Gabriel ! An Excusable Mistake.— Two Highland drovers were in . Edin burgh on business at the cattle market; When Sunday evening, arrived, they went to a certain 'High' church. -Shortly after they entered, the organ commenced to play, and priests and choristers to conduct the services au pro gramme: The men gazed about them in utter astonishment. . So dumbfoundered indeed were they that Sandy— who sat at the end of the pew — had not noticed that a lady, dressed in the height of fash ion, was gently tapping his -arm, silently requesting him thereby to sit along, and make room for her. By dint, however, of. several appli cations .of the jewelled fingers to his sturdy ' shouther,' Sandy's at-, tention was at last .'attracted.'' But lie :was. still as much in the dark as ever. He remained f°r several moments in profound; cogitation, but after collecting; his Scattered sensesj : -a- bright- thought struck him, and lie exclaimed — ;' Na, na ; she'll petter take up Tonall ? he pe ta petter taiicer.' ... Honest Sandy had come to the conclusion that the place was a ball room. Brigham Young has a way of putting things so as .to . prevent misunderstanding. In speaking re cently on the subject'' bfi;' piraying for: his eneiniies, ,he said ,:it;: was 'his habit to do so, but he prayed- that they might be sent to hell. This is even more forcible; than the: backwoods brother's exposition of ' turning the other cheek' in case of being- smitten by an assailant. He said it was in order to see if he was in earnest. ' Then,' said he, 'When you know the first blow warri't an accident, turn upon him and give him fits.' Feeding Hokses. — The London Omnibus Company uses six thou sand horses. To economize in feed is an important matter, and has led to several tests, the result of which is recorded as follows : To each of thi-ee thousand of their horses they; give a daily allowance of ground oats sixteen pounds, ground hay seven and one-half pounds, and cut straw 'one. and. one-eighth pounds^ the^iay-^h^ijtria^Iiib'eirtg Siifcinto, pieces about half an-inch long, and; jd a€s in/a ?'?Bttle;. pater,' ttKus.,' flaking, /.twenty-six;/ pounds of food for each horse.i. And to each : of the other three ^hoiisand horses, th^y gave a daily allowance' bf i whole or unbruised [oats nineteenipoundsi and uncut or* whole hay or straw thirteen pounds,, withorit any waterj in our old Tashioned way, / 'ihaking thirty -two. 'pounds of ithifi fbod fbr each norse.. [And what iwas; tlie, result ? Why it . wasVsoon. discovered that the horse ithat.was fed oh twenty-six pounds of. ground oats reniained in as good;. condition, and could perform just lias much work, and clo it iust as. well, .too, as the horse did who con sumed thirty-two pounds of food,, thus showing a saving of six pounds: of food. per day in favor of ^bruised; oats and cut liay^ ' 