THS ALARM BELL. It was a chilly Autumnal evening-one of those that partake of the brightness of Summer and tho bleak sharpness of Winter The sun that had been shining brightly all day without giving the slightest apparent" beat, was sinking rapidly in the west, while night, in dark, heavy shadows, oame glooming out of the east. Tbe trees were all leafless, and their gnarled branches and knotted stems shone out sharply against the oold, grey sky in strange, fantastic shapes. A keen wind blew in heavy gnsts from the north, rushing up the long, white, country roads, twisting and twirling the dry, fallen leaves be- fore it : now gathering them into heaps, and now scattering them broadcast. It was on such an evening as this, that a poor, little ragged boy might have been seen plodding his weary way along the Northern-road in the direction of London, where he was going in hope of obtaining work. He had walked a long way that day, and was footsore and hungry. He looked forward to the coming night with dread, as he knew that he should not be able to procure either food or shelter, for ho was utterly penniless. But Jack was a courageous little fellow, so he pushed on, trying to scare away the painful thoughts by humming a tune dear to the village he was born in As he was passing the gate of a handsome mansion that stood a little way from the road, Jack saw a man, seated on a barrow, eating some bread and meat. Jack looked wistfully at the man, and at the bread and meat, and found so much fascination in the latter articles, that ho conld not help pausing for a moment to examine them more oarefully. The gardener, for the man was evidently of that ancient profession, looked soj'olly and good tempered, that Jack ventured to ask him how many miles it was to London. " It be more nor forty good mile, my lad," replied the man. " Are you going there ?" Jack answered in tha affirmative. " Have you any friends there ?" " No, sir. I have no friends in tbe world. My mother and father are both dead- so I am going up to London to seek for work." < The man seemed to take an interest in Jack, and, having ascertained that he was very hungry invited him to sit down on the other handle of the barrow, and gave him a share of the bread and meat. " So, you aro going to London without a half- penny ?" said the gardener, after Jack bad told his history. " Well, I admire your pluck ; but I don't think you'll succeed. London is a very large place, my lad, and the people are mighty wicked." " Have you ever been to London, sir ?" asked Jack " Never," replied the man. " I've never been moro than twenty mile away from 'his spot. No, no ! I know when I'm well off. My master, Mr Tboroicrof*, gives me all I want, and all the riches in London could get me no more " " Is Mr. Thornioroft the master of that largo house?" asked Jack . " To ba sure he is. And I'm his gardener -and a better master or servant never lived, although I say it as shouldn't," replied the man " What is that large bell on tho top of that tower ?" inquired Jack, at the same time pointing to a Lrge bell that hung on the top of an ivy grown tower odjoining the hall. " Thai's the alarm bull, which we rÎDg in cases of danger-such as firo. You see, this house is a goid way from any other, BO that, when we ring the bell, all the farm servants, who live in yonder small cottages, would come to our assistance." " But who could get up there to ring it ?" asked Jack, innocantly " No one goes up there, stupid," replied the man, laughing, " unless it be the bats and the owls io the ivy. The rope runs through every room in the tower, and comes out by the grand hall, so that anyone can ring the bell. I must go now-it's getting late. Where are you going to sleep, boy ?" "I don't know, sir: I bave no monej," said Jack. " You can't stop out all night ! So, follow me, and I'll show you a barn, where you can sleep comfortably, and to morrow I'll speak to master about you I want a boy to help mo in the garden, and mayhap he will let you come." Jack, with a lightened heart, followed the kind gardener to a barn that stood at some con siderable distance "rom the house. It was a gloomy-looking place, but to the poor little wanderer it seemed teeming with comSorts. " It u=ed to be a stable, at one time," said the gardener ; " but now we use it to stack hay and straw in, so you will be warm enough. Just undo that bundie, and strew it out in that corner. That will do. Now, lie down, while I place some more trusses round you, to shelter you from any draft." Jaok did as he was bidden, and was soon en- compassed by a good high wall of straw. Then the gardener wished him good night, and five minutes afterwards Jack was sound asleep. It was seven o'clock when Jack fell asleep, and for five hours he slept on without hearing anything; but as the large clock at The Hall strujk twelve, Jaok awoke. As be opened his eyes, he was surprised to see a strange light in the barn ! He was so struck with amazement, that he could not move ; and as he lay in that state, he heard the sound of men's voioes in low conver- sation ! " I tellyer what it is, Tom," said one voice, " I don't see how it's to be done." " You're a fool, Bill," replied a gruff voice. " Old Thornioroft sleeps in a room by the library. It's a fail of his Well, I know how to open tho library window. In we gets, and goes to old Thornioroft's room, olaps a pistol to bis bead to keep him quiet,, aad empty the plate-chest, which his in 'is room. We takes the lot and off we goes. The thing's as heasy as beasy can be." Jack's blood run cold as be heard this conver- sation-the purport of which he could not understand. The villains evidently intended to rob, and, if necessary, murder Mr. Thorni- oroft. Turning carefully round, so as not to make any noise, Jack managed to get in suoh a posi- tion that be could see between two of the trusses of straw the gardener had so kindly and luokily placed around him, and he beheld four rough looking men seated on the ground round a lan- tern. Th»y had all evil, ferooious-looking faces, and evidently belonged to the worst olass. As Jack moved, be necessarily caused a slight rustling in the straw, at which one of the mon started, and exclaimed in a low voice : "What's that?" " What a chicken-hearted fellow you are, Bill !" replied one of the men. " It's only the rats." " Rats !" returned the other. " It was too heavy for a rat " " My eye !" said a third. "Too heavy for a rat ! You should only live where I do, and hear them walking about all night! Why, tbey sound just like an old fellow in top boots!" Jack's heart sunk within him when he heard the above»dialogue; and it was with no little feeling of relief that he heard them resume their conversation-Bill having been persuaded that the noise was really caused by rats. " But supposing," said Bill, who was evident- ly the coward of the party, " but supposing the servants awake ?" " Why, even then, there are only three mon to four." " But the women ?" " Sleep in another part of the house alto But if they should ring the alarm-bell ?" " The first thing we do, when we get into the bouse, is to out the alarm-bell rope close off, so that no one can reach it. After that, the game's our own ; and if old Thornioroft, his servant, or gardener interferes with me, I don't think they'll say much more afterwards." As the wretoh said this, he drew his finger across his throat in a way that made Jack shudder. For an hour Jack had to remain in this un- comfortable position, afraid to move, and scarcely daring to breathe. The conversation of the four men turned upon crimes tbey had committed, and so horrified Jack that he nearly fainted. But he knew there was work to be done, and, like a brave little lad, he determined to do it. As the Hall clock chimed one, the men ex- tinguished tbeir lantern, and left the barn, carefully closing the door bebind them. Jack waited a fe^r minutes, so as to let the robbers get a little way in advance, and then orept from his hiding-place. He bad just got his hand upon the latch, when the door was slowly opened from without ! Jack retreated, so that, when the door was opened, be was conoealed behind it. One of the burglars entered softly, searched on the floor, and, having found a box of matches he had left there in mistake, went after bia com- panions. By this time Jaok was io such a state of nervous excitement that he could scarcely for- bear rushing out and trying to reach Tbe Hall before the robbers ; but, on reflection, he knew that to attempt it would be to lose all chance of saving Mr. Thornioroft and the gardener. After be had waited a little time, he crept out of the barn. It was a dark stormy night The wind came in loud tempestuous blasts, and howled among the trees, tearing the dead twigs and smaller branches, and hurling them through the air like feathers. Heavy clouds flew rapidly across the moon, making her light to seem to glide along the fields like the trailing garments of a restless ghost. Jack hurried on in the direction of The Hall, keeping a sharp look ahead for the thieves. Suddenly the moon burst from be- hind a cloud, and Jack saw the men entering a window in The Hall. No sooner had they dis- appeared than Jack ran forward ; but the win- dow was eight feet from the ground ! How was he to reaoh it ? He looked about for some way to obtain an entrance to the building, but could not find one. " If I conld only ring the alarm-bell," he said, " all would be well." As he spoke a heavy gust of wind rattled among the thick ivy that elad the tower, and in a moment Jack's resolution was taken. Seizing the ivy, he immediately commenced clambering up it. The branches shook beneath his weight, some gave way, shaking the dust and mortar over him, and nearly blinding him. Still, Jack clambered on, feeling for the thick- est stemB to place his hands and feet on, for he bad got so much dust in his eyes that he could not see. He had just placed his foot on one, when it gave way, and he would inovitably have fallen headlong to the ground, had it net been that his font rested on a stone ledge ! He placed it on further, and was startled by the breaking of glass ! It was a window ! He pushed it violently. It gave way, and, forcing bia way through the ivy that had covered it, he sprang through the casement, and was safe in the tower. He felt about for tbe rope of the alarm bell, whioh he knew must run through this room. As his hands cimo upon it, he felt it move ! The burglars were cutting it ! In a moment it was still again. Jack tried it cautiously There was no one touching it now. So, catohing it firmly in his hands, he took a short run, sprang into the air, and the nest moment the neighbourhood was alarmed by tbe sounds of the alarm-bell. In a few seconds the house was filled with shouts and cries of people running up and down stairs ; still Jack pulled at the rope ; the garden round the house became crowded with farm servants; still -Jack sent forth the deep note of the alarm-bell, and only gave up when Mr. Thornicroft, followed by the gardener and his other servants, o^me into the tower to find who it was had given them such seasonable warning of danger Jack's story was soon told, and be learned in return that he had only ju6t been in time ; for the thieves had got hold of Mr. Thornicroft, and would undoubtedly bave killed bim, had it not been for the tolling of the alarm- bell, whioh so frightened them that they turned and fled, but were captured by the farm-servants who had bien summoned by Jack's means. Mr. Thornicroft, rewarded Jack for his courage ; he sent him to school, and afterwards placed bim in a business, where, by honesty and industry, be soon accumulated a fortune ; when he retired into the country, attended by his early friend the gardener, who served in the capacity of steward. Jack adopted for his orest an alarm-bell, with the motto, " I warn when there is danger !" 