HOSPITAL SUNDAY. The third celebration of Hospital Sunday was held yesterday. The movement was joined in throughout the colony, and now appears likely to become an established institution here. The weather waa unfor- tunately very unsettled, and interfered with the outdoor services. The date for this cele- bration waa fixed at a later period in the year this time than on the two previous occasions, with the hopo of avoiding the wet season ; but this end waa not realised. It might be advisable in future to fix the day whon the Bummer ia well advanced. The institutions participating in the fund are :-Melbourne Hospital, Alfred Hospital, Benevolent Asylum, Lying-in Hospital, Sick Children's Hospital, Eye and Ear Hospital, Homoeopathic Dispensary, Immigrants' Aid Society, Richmond Dispensary, and Colling- wood Free Dispensary. The last two are now included for the first time. Daring the past year those charities have afforded assistance to 45,425 cases, of which the Melbourne Hospital relieved 26,037 cases. The liabilities of this institution are con- siderably in excess of the receipts. At the Alfred Hospital 5,521 cases have received assistance. The claims upon the resources of tho institution have largely increased during tho last year. The Benevo- lent Asylum has afforded shelter to 848 persons during the period embraced in the report of the committee. A taree proportion of tho inmates are undor medical treatment At the Lying-in Hospital 1,479 cases have received medica) assistance. The receipts for the year were less than the expenditure. At the Hospital for Sick Children, 2,179 cases were treated during the year ; they are in need of increased funds for tho erection of hospital buildings. At the Eye and Ear Hospital 2,501 coses were treated during tho like period. They aro anxious to erect a building for the better ac- commodation of their patients ; fnndd for that purpose are urgently required. The report of tho Homoeopathic Dispensary states that the committee ia anxious to raise afundforthe erection of an hospital building ¡ during the year 831 cases have been treated* The Immigrants' Aid Society's Homo has furnished relief and shelter to a daily average of 464 persons ; a considerable number of these are under medical treatment. The receipts for the year were not equal to the liabilities. The Richmond Medical Dispen- sary has afforded gratuitous medical aid to 3,125 cases, a large number of which have been treated at their own homes. The Collingwood Free Dispensary supplied medi- cal advice and medicine to 2,430 cases ; a large number of visits were made to the houses of the Bick poor ; the managers are urgently ia need of pecuniary aid. The amount collected the first Hospital Sunday was £4,218 14s. 3d. Last year the amount was £5,408 3s. 8d. It is anticipated that the collections this year will exceed either of these, notwithstanding that the weather yesterday somowhat interfered with the succeBB of tho movement At the special service in the Town-hall the collection amounted to £59 10a., a sum larger than last year, but considerably below the previous . year, when £106 15s. was obtained. Special services were also held at the Theatre Royal and Opera-house, the collections being £47 10s. and £4218s. 5d. respectively. The Scots Church heads the list of contributions with £143 4s. 5d., St. Francis' Roman Catholic Church being second with £134 9s. Gil. At All Saints', St Kilda, the collection waB £117 5s. lOd. THE TOWN-HALL SERVICE. At the special service held in the Town hall in the afternoon there was a very large ? attendance. The hall was well filled through- out, and even the seats in the organ gallery were occupied. Detachments from the Me- tropolitan and East Melbourne Artillery were present The service waa conducted by the Rev. C. T. Perka, and tho musical portion waa rendered by the choir of St. Peter's Church. Mr. J. Summers acted as organist. The use of the hall and of the organ had boen granted by the mayor and corporation. The Very Rev. Dr. Macartney, Dean of Mel- bourne, preached, choosing for his text the pftrabie of Dives and Lazarus, Luke xvi. 19, and following verses. He men. tioned that the Rev. G. Wilkinson, of Wil- liamstown, had died that morning, and, paid a deserved tribute of praise io his1 character as a Christian clergyman. Ho de- scribed him as a loving and devoted servant of God, and as one always ready to succour tho poor and the needy. He had been fittingly called away on the day specially set apart to the endeavour to minister to the wants of the suffering and afflicted. The very rev. gentleman then proceeded to expound the parable ho had chosen for his text, and to draw from its teaching example and in- struction for the present time. The rich man, he pointed out, was not one to be con» eidered as distinguished above all others for his self.indulgonce, gluttony, and disregard for bia fellow men ; but ho should rather be taken as a type of the careless lover of wealth and ease, who, without being specially wicked and corrupt, yet makes his own self-gratification his highest aim and ob- ject in life. We were told that he was elad in purple and fine linen, and fared sumptuously every day ; but could wo in the present age be among the first to cast a stone at him on this account ? The luxuries of that day were considered the necessaries of this. The object of the parable was rather to show tho deceitfnlness of riches, and how little outward worldly wealth availed a man. It was the poor man who lay at his gate, and who was fed from the crumbs which.feil from his table, that attained the joy in the life after death, whilo the rich man suffered the torments of bell. The lesson to be learnt from the story was the duty of making a proper use of the riches entrusted to our care. We should give, not grudgingly nor care- lessly, but as stewards to whom God had entrusted wealth ; and it should be one of our first objecta to relievo the sufferings and afflic- tions of our poorer brethren. The poor were the especial charge of Christ's church, and it behoved all true Christians, in a spirit of love and kindliness, to relieve the misery of tho Bick, the poor, and the afilictod, whorever they might be found. Even as Christ had Bhown His bountiful love for man, so should men exhibit a like feeling for the distressed among their fellow creatures. The collection amounted to £59 10s. ST. JAMES'S CATHEDRAL. The Rov. Canon Goodman, M. A. of Goo- long, preached at the morning service, from 1 Tim. vi. 17, l8-" Charge them that are rich in this world that they be not high minded, nor trust in uncertain riohos. but in the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy, that thoy do good, that they be rich in good works." Tho preacher, in his intro- ductory remarks, commented on the neces- sary connexion between right views o£ heavonly truth and right motives for the fulfilment of earthly duties. He hailed Hospital Sunday movement, which had Bprung up within the laat five or six years, and extended to this colony, as exhibiting re ligion in ita practical andChrist-like character. The exhortation of the apostle was not a lesson for the rich alone, but suggested motives of conduct to all, even to those who had hut a limited share of this world's gooda. If tho rich man ia ensnared by the tempta- tions of wealth, the grovelling affections that it stirs up, the false view of things temporal, as contrasted with the things eternal, it may happen also that the poor man, in coveting the wealth that is beyond his reach, no loss suBtaina a moral injury. In envying the pos- sessor of wealth he is led to think of it as the supreme good. This colony has had its outbursts of money speculation, when the craving for gold has not per- vaded one class alone, but has seized I multitudes who had little to invest ' the clerk, the domestio servant, the day labourer ; and whilst the few have been en- riched and the many have been the losers, we have reaped as the result of this nnsatis I fled gold-hunger, impatience of honest toil, i whilst the ill-Buppresaed envy of the more successful has become a festering sore within the bosom of the community. The apostle calls riches 'uncertain.' and contrasts trust in fluctuating licheB with truat in the living and unchangeable God, thua condemning that spirit which in the gambier or speculator tinda a delight and a charm where reflecting neraons recogniseonlypain, care, and anxiety. In this colony, the preacher added, class du tinotdonB are ¿biefly money distinctions. The -igh- mindedness ot wealth, or as it is com- monly called ,purse-pride, la in danger of arraying against itself the hostility ot poverty. No one who Btudies the history ot Europe since the French Revolution can close his eyes to the dangers which threaten > those countries! where the rich are ba- mmln. TinW-nrl ^gggyjmg^^ Gospel .of- the Lord Jesus Christ has .lone the cementing power by which class and class can ha placed in harmonious' relation:1 It teaches charity, awakens sym- pathy, heals divisions, and while it inculcates contentment in the poor, warns the rich that they be not highminded. It shows worldly wealth in its true light, for it makes clear that a man's life consisteth not in the abund- ance of the things which he possesses.. It ennobles every human relation, and constrains all who recognise its holy precepts to repu- diate Cain's question, "Ami my brother's keeper ?" God has placed us in the midst of poverty and Buffering, because our lot is one of trial and discipline. Tue, wealth which He has lent to us during this brief life, and for the stewardship of which he will make us give account admits of being applied to the noblest ends, the alleviation of human distress, the relief of want, the succour of the afflicted, the comfort of the sorrowful. In,the evening, the same preacher advo- cated the olaimB of the charities, taking as his text Luke x. 32 : "And likewise a Lévite, when he waa at the place, came and looked on him, and passed by on the other side." The " morning collection amounted to £12 3b. 8d.; evening, £7 4s. 4d. Total, £19 8a. ST. PETER'S, EASTERN.HILL. In the morning Mendelssohn's grand ser- vice in A and a new anthem by Gounod were performed by the choir. There was a very Wge congregation. The Rev. Canon Hand field, the incumbent preached from the first four verses of Matthew vi.-" Take heed that ye do not your alms before men, to be seen of them, otherwise ye have no reward of your Father which is in heaven," &o.; The morn- ing collection amounted to £6018. lOd. In the evening there was a full choral service, including the anthem " I have surely built tbee a house," and the "Hallelujah" chorus. The Rev. Mr. Bromby preached the sermon. In the evening the collection was £22 2s, 2d., making a total of £82 4a. THE SCOTS' CHURCH. At the Scots' Church, Collins-street, there was a very large congregation at the morning service. The sermon was preached by the minister of the church, the Rev. C. Strong, who took for his text Galatians vi. 2-" Bear Ï'e one another's burdens, and so fulfil the aw of Christ" He pointed out the duty in- culcated by religion of Christian sympathy and assistance, whereby love was made the fulfilling of the law. The life of the Founder of Christianity was one con- tinued exhibition of love, and waa given to SB as an example foronr guidance. Sympathy with the sinful, the Buffering, and the afflicted was the distinctive feature of Christ's religion. He carno not to those who were whole, but to those that were sick. At the present day, in the changed condition of society, it would be impossible to live again exactly a life like that of Our Lord, but the principle which animated Him should ani- mate us now. A love for our suffering and afflicted brothers should be our guiding prin- ciple, leading ua to sacrifice our own self in- terests in the endeavour to bear their bur- dens. More than mero money was de- manded. The duty of a Christian did not end with the bestowal of a gift Individual sympathy was required, the love of man for man. Legislative efforts could do much to improve the position of the poor, Disease, dirt and squalour might be van- quished," but beyond all this there was needed the vivifying influence of love. The appeal made to the Christian .churches upon this day would, he was sure, be heartily re- sponded to. The rival war cries of the churches were hushed for the time, that all might unite in the noble work of charity. He would ask his hearers to give willingly, and with a true sympathy for the suffering and misery which it was the object of those in- stitutions to relieve. . In the evening the Rev. C. Strong preached from Galatians v, C-"For in Jesus Christ neither circumcision availeth anything, nor uncircumcifiion, but faith which worketh by love." The collection in the morning was £112 10a 9d. ; in the evening, £30 133. 8d. Total, £143 4s. 5d. CHALMERS' CHURCH. The Rev. Dr. Cairns preached in the forenoon from the text Hebrews iv., 12- "For the word of God is quick and powerful, sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughtB and intents of the heart" The sermon contained no special reference to the objects of the Hospital Sun- day movement, but waa an exposition of the preacher's views on the text Ho remarked that the Word of God waa summed np in the law and the gospel. By the moral law men were made acquainted with their sins, for, unless there was a law, men would not know whon they did wrong. Christ was the law to us, aa shown in the Gospel, and the preacher went on to point out the great guilt that men incurred by their unbelief in Christ He alluded to the results that had attended the lato revival movement in Great Britain, under the ministrations of Messrs. Moody and Sankey, and pointed out that the Bo-called antiquated superstitious doctrino of the cross of Christ had triumphed over the doctrineel of the great freethinkers of the age. In the evening the sermon was preached by the Rev, Mr. Maxwell, from Luke xix. 9-" And Jesus said to Zaccheus, This day ia salvation come to this house, forasmuch as he also is a Bon of Abraham." The collections amounted to £62 3s. Cd. ST. FRANCIS' CHURCH. In St. Francis' Roman Catholic Church there was a special musical service. The choir sang Giorza'a Mass No. 3 and Rossini's anthem "Charity," Madame Steinbach ren- dering the solo parts, while Mr. J. Hill, K.S, R.A.M., played the organ, and Mr. W. R, Furlong conducted. The Rev. P. O'Meara preached a sermon from Matthew xxii. upon the questionoftheJewiahdoctoroflaw, "Who is my neighbour?" and the answer returned by our Saviour. The rev. gentleman pointed out the breadth and comprehensiveness of the charity inculcated by Christ, and urged the congregation to act up to the spirit of that teaching by contributing liberally to the charitable institutions on the present occasion. In the evening vespers were Bald, and a sermon was preached by the Rev. J. P. Sullivan on the text, .' The genera- tions shall reoeive glory." The amount col- lected in the morning was £110 4s. Cd., and in the evening £24 5s. ; total, £134 9s. Cd. ST. PATRICK'S ROMAN CATHOLIC ? CATHEDRAL. In the morning the Rev. C. Nulty preached from the Epistle to the Philippians i. 9 "And this I pray, that your charity may more and more abound in knowledge and charity." In the evening the Rev. D. F. Barry, O.S.B., preached from the Gospel of St John, " Woman, behold thy son." Ue pointed out the love of our Lord manifested in making us all children of God and the blesBedVirginnaonecommonfamily.including the poor and afflicted upon whose behalf au appeal was now being made, and exhorted j the congregation to show by their contribu- j tiona that they had in their hearts that charity for the distressed of which they had been given bo high an example. The amount collected in the morning was £50 8s. 5d., and in the evening £7 0s. 9d. Collections were made in the following chapels in the cathedral division with the appended results, ?viz.:-St Joseph's, Collingwood, £715s. lid.; St John's, East Melbourne, £4 13s. 8d. : St. Bridget's, North Fitzroy, £0 Gs. Od. ; total for the St Patrick's division, £70 5s. 3d. COLLINS-STREET CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. The Rov. J. Burchett preached, both morn- ing and evening ; in the morning from St Luke vii. |22- "To the poor the gospel ia preached." He dilated upon the universal application of the precept of oharity, and said it was important that the oity churches should set a good example to the others throughout the colony by the liberality of their subscriptions. The collections realised £50. The Sunday-school oolleotion was post- poned till next Sunday. THEATRE ROYAL. A special service was hold at the Theatre Royal in the evening. There was a very large congregation, the theatre being crowded in every part The Rev., S. C. Kent conducted the service, and preaohed from John lui. 34, 35-" A new commandment I live unto you,":that you love one an. other ; as I have .loved you, that you also love one another. By this shall all mon know that ye are my disciples if yo have love one to another." ' In the estimation of aome people, he said, religion was the work of a tired, timid, trembling servant a course of constrained and enforced obedience, but not bo had they learned Christ Love was the main spring of true piety; we worked not as slaves, bnt aa sons, not because .?we dared not disobey, but because we could not bnt obey. As one of the First Napoleon's soldiers said when the surgeon iras probing his side for the bullet which had entered there, " A little deeper and you will < find the Emperor," so Christ, the true Emperor, the Kins ot Kings,,waa enshrined In the heart of the Christian. As a young »an would be best satisfied of the authen- ticity of a letter from bia father hy the fact of Its oontaining just such opinions and breath find in ti letter of his "father's, so, if we examined the Holy Scripture, we were con- strained to confess that its sentiments and its spirit were God- like. What a world this of oura would be if men only acted in harmony with its teachings ; but, alas 1 too often far other principles guided the actions of men. Christ said to His disciples, " A new com- mandment I give unto you," but why did he call this a new commandment? In the book of Leviticus it was written centuries before, " Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself." But Christ called His a new commandment, in the first place, becauso of the extent;to which the love waa to be carried-"Ab I have loved you." Christ did not Bay, as had been said of old, "Thou ahalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy." He said, " Love your enemies, bless those that curse you, do good to thoBe that hate you, pray for those that despitefully use you and persecute you." We were to love them as Christ loved us. The measure of Hia love to us was to be the measure of our love to one another, and although our love could not equal Christ's, it could be of the same kind. A child by the sea Bhore could not hold the ocean in a shell, but it could hold a drop of its water, and so our love could be of the same kind as Christ's. Again, this was a " new commandment " not only on account of the extent of the love, but uIbo of the rela- tionship which that love was to evidence. " By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another." Christ's right to make love the test of true diBciplesbip none who recognised Hia autho- rity dare question. But, alas, Christiana had been known too much by the names of men, and too little by the name of Christ. One said "lam an Armenian," another ?' I am a Calvinist," and so on, instead of all saying "We all are of ChriBt," remembering the authoritative declaration " One is your muster, even Christ, and all ye are brethren." This badge of discipleBhip was a sign pecu- liarly Christ's own, for if Christ's diaciplea had been left to themselves, in all proba- bility they would never have fixed upon love as that by which they should be distinguished from all others. Men too often were oauded together by opinion rather than by affection ; by creed and confessions of faith rather than by love. It was important to hold an ortho- dox creed, but an orthodox creed could not save us ; Christ, and Christ alone, could save ; we must become Christlike in thought, feeling, and disposition. But we should care not only for man's spiritual necessities, but also for his temporal neces- sities. Wo might profeBB to be vory much concerned about men's souls, but if we had not compassion on their bodies they would scarcely believe us. We must recolloct that Christ left on earth the poor as His represen- tatives, and at the last day He will say, " In- asmuch as you did it unto one of the least of theso my brethren, you did it unto me ;" or "Inasmuch as you did it not unto one of the least of these my brethren, you did it not unto mo." So he (the preacher) aaid to those present, in the name of 45,425 persona who during the past year had been ministered to in tho various institutions, the claima of which were now presented : in their name ho thanked them for their goodness in the past, and in the name of all the needy, and all the Bick, he pleaded with them to continue and enlarge their benevo- lence. What wob thus spent would never be regretted. The apostle Paul aaid in relation to giving, as in relation to other things, " Whatsoever a man Boweth that shall he reap; he that soweth sparingly shall reap also sparingly, and he that soweth bounti fully shall reap bountifully bIbo." We should give for Christ's sake-from love to Christ and love to our brethren-not grudging, nor of necessity, for " God loveth the cheerful giver," The amount collected was £4710s. THE OPERA-HOUSE. Hospital Sunday at the Opera-houso was a success. The house waa crowded from iloor to ceiling ; wherever a view of the stage waa to be had there waa someone to take ad- vantage of the position. On the stage itself there was also the appearance of a crush of numbers, owing to the presence of hundreds of young children, who occupied the raised platform erected for the choir. As viewed from the Btage such an assemblage of people disposed in such a place had a fine appearance. It is believed that there never yet was bo large a number of persons in the Opera-house. The entertainment provided for this largo assemblage was a "grand service of sacred song under the management of an influential committee of gentlemen ; the house being "kindly granted for the occa- sion by Mr. W. Saurín Lyster." The prin- cipal vocalists were Mrs. Smythe, Miss E. A. Lambert, Mr. Melchor Winter, and Mr. T. J. Trowell. Mr. Harcourt Lee was the musical director and organist, and he had under his direction a large number of players, who, being members of Volunteer bands, give their services for the occasion. The musical performance was interesting and satisfactory as far as the solo Bingera were coucemed, and the united voices of bo many children in tuneful hymns of simple unison were greatly admired by all sorts of kindly-disposed people. Mr. Lawrence, after Mr. Winter had sung the " Cujus Ani mam" trom "Stabat Mater," made a powerful appeal to tho congregation ia favour of tho purpose for which the meeting was held, and after that a collection was made-those présent being exhorted to empty their pockets at the doors if they thought they had not already given enough inside the house. The speakers throughout the evening were Mr, T. Evans, Mr. W. H. Lawrence, and the_Rev. W. W. Mantell. One veree of the "Evening Hymn " was sung beforeleaving by the whole congregation, and the effect waa very fine. The amount collected was £4218s. öd. ALBERT.STREET BAPTIST CHURCH. The Rev. P. Bailhacho preached at this church both morning and evening. In the morning the rev. gentleman took for|his text Psalms xvi. C, and in the evening Acts xx. 35\. Including £8 0s. from the Sunday school, the total amount collected was £5218a, 3J. COLLINS-STREET BAPTIST CHURCH. At this church the Rev. B. G. Wilson, of Brisbane, conducted both services. Hia text in the morning was taken from St Luke vii. 18-23. In the evening he preached from St John v. 0. 'The total amount of the collec- tions was £07 4b. 2d. WESLEY CHURCH, LONSDALE-STREET. This church was fairly attended at both morning and evening services. In the morn- ing the Rov. W. H. Fitchett was the preacher, taking for his text St Luke x. 27-" Thou Bhalt love the Lord thy God withallthy heart, and with aU soul, and with aU thy strength, and with allithymind, and thy neighbour as thyself." He commenced his discourse by directing the attention of hia hearers to the fierfect harmony that existed in all thereve. ationsof God to man. The moral law was im- mutable, as it was the copy of God's own nature. It Iwas written in Adam's heart when he was formed in the likeness of God's own image in Paradise. It was given to the children of Israel at Sinai, and again by Christ and HisapostleBat the commencement of the Christian dispensation. The words of the text contained the wholo of the moral law which inculcated love to God and charity to our fellow-men. The collection amounted to £17 11s. 4d. In the evening the sermon was preached by the Rev. Matthew Burnett, who took for his text Acts xvi. l8-"To open their eyes and to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of Bins and inheritance among thom which aro sanctified by faith that is in me." The collection amounted to £17 la. lid., making a total of £3413s. 3d. LUTHERAN CHURCH, EASTERN-HILL. The Rev, George Heyer preached at this church both at morning and evening ser vices. In the morning the text was taken from St Luke x. 13-37. The collection amounted to £12 10s. 7d. In the evening the subject of the discourse was taken from the 120th Psalm. UNITARIAN CHURCn. In the absence of Miss Turner, the ser- vices at this church were conducted by Mr. Turner. In the morning he gave a dis- course on philanthropy, taking for hia text James i. 27-"¡Pure religion and undefilod before God and the Father ia this, to visit the fatherless and widows in their aflliotion, and to keep himself unspotted from the world." i An excellent address was most attentively listened to by tho congregation. The collectionl at tho end of the morning; service amounted to £24 (Is. Ia the evening Mr. Turner, by request, repeated his lecture on "John Colvin, His life and Doctrine." I WEST MELBOURNE PRESBYTERIAN I CHURCH. There was a very large attendance at this church. The Rev. J. G. Stobbs, the minister of- the church, ¡preached in the morning, taking for his text Revelations uri 6 "And he that sat upon the throno said, ' Behold. I make all things new ;' and he said unto me. Ï Write, for these words are true aud faithful"1 He dwelt upon the humanising and elevating influences of Christianity upon mankind, which, he said, was in no way better displayed than in the care taken of the sick and needy. The failure ot C-ihrU-nity in individual cases its divine origin, because there was n0 doubt that there was a quite different public con- science from what existed in the daya when the much-lauded civilisation of Greece and Rome was at its highest pitch. Tho collec- tion in the morning realised £34. ST. ANDREW'S, CARLTON. There was a full congregation at the morn- ing service, which was conducted by the Rev. D. S. M'Eachran, the pastor of the church, who preached from Luke xvi 9,10. After having explained the parable of the unjust steward, the preacher proposed to deduce two points from the parable. X. That the true way to inako ourselves friends against the time of need was to distribute liberally of the money which God had given us- and 2nd, that in order to gain this end it was necessary to be faithful in the use of money. The first principle, he said, applied even to this world. God did not forbid us to make provision against the evil day, but the best way to make provision against it was not to hoard up all we could gather, or to spend it all upon ourselves, but to give liberally away. The money thus given away was not so much lost-as many supposed-but was money placed in a bank, where it would be safe, and would stand in good stead against the time of need. " Cast thy bread upon the waters, and thou shalt find it after many days." But if it were true that even in this world the best way to make ourselves friends who should help us in the time of need was by giving liberally away, it was still more true of the next world. The man who lived to himself and was rich to himself, would have no friends to show him kindness ia eternity. Lotus act then as wise men in the use we made of the unrighteous Mammon. Let us bo use it as to make provision for the time when all worldly goods must be left behind, that we might not be houseless, homeless, and portionless then, To some it might seem strange thatouretern aides tinyahouldbemade to turn upon the use wo made of our money ; but nevertheless this was a suro test of faith- fulness, for " he that is faithful in that which is least is faithful also in much, and he that is unjust in the least is unjust also in much," If a man was not fuithful in a lower trust, who would dream of raising him to a higher trust. If we did not use our money for God when the judgment was before us, aud we were liable to be called any day to give an account of our steward- ship, what security or likelihood was there that we should use the heavenly riches com- mitted to our trust for God, once they were inalienably our own. Let us not then regard our money as our own, or think that we are at liberty to spend it as we please, bat ever remember that we were simply stewards of it, and not at liberty to waste or squander or hoard it up according to our will, but that it was entrusted to ub by God that we might use it according to his instructions and for hisglory. Let us then open our hands wide to the poor and needy. In the evening the Rev. Mr. M'Eachran oleo preached from 1 Tim. i. 15, but without special reference to Hospital Sunday. The collections amounted to to £4514s. Gd. BOURKE STREET SYNAGOGUE. A special service was held at this place of worship in the afternoon. The attendance woe small. The Rev. Raphael Benjamin, B. A, preached from Job xxx. 25, " Did I not weep for him that was in trouble ? Was not my soul grieved for the poor." The sermon treated of the universality of sympathy, as existing in all races, regions, and religions ; and having shown how deserving the hos- pitals, &c;, were of the support of the com- passionate, the rev. gentleman alluded with pleasure to the unanimity and co-operation which existed between Jew and Gentile in upholding works of such practical utility and benevolence-"Behold how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell together in unity." The collection realised £2610s. FITZROY TOWN-HALL. A special service, held at the instance of the Good Templara of Fitzroy, took place at the local town-hall in the afternoon. Owing ' to the uncertain aspect of the weather the attendance waa not very large. The service was conducted by the Rev. Mr. Masterman, who delivered a suitable discourse from tho parable of the good Samaritan. He pointed out that there wero obligations we owed to one another aa well as the obligations we owed to God, and the arrangements made by the various churches that day showed a grand illustration of the benevo- lence and humanity of the Christian religion, and of the world-wide philanthropy which over must be associated with the true and earnest love of God. We were taught by the text to recognise and succour our neighbour, and our neighbour as shown there was every- one who was within the circle of our sym- pathy and the reach of our helping hand. He pointed out, in conclusion, that there was an exceeding fitness in the Good Templars taking part'itt this movement, for theirs was a society founded on tho great principle of Christian brotherhood, stretching out tho band to help all to walk in the ways of peace and sobriety, and to give generous help and assistance to thoBe who were ? straitened through lack of means. Therefore, he trusted that the collection would prove creditable to their principles, and that each would contri- bute to tbe utmost of his ability. The col- lection amounted to £7 2s. THE ROYAL-PARK SERVICE. The children's service of song in the Royal park did not take place. A large number of the children assembled at the orderly room, Victona-Btreet, according to arrangement, but the weather was altogether too bad to take them on to tho park, and it was agreed to postpone the service until next Sunday. About 3 o'clock, when the afternoon became somewhat finer, 4,000 or 5,000 people went out to the park to see ii there was any service, and it is probable that if the day had been fine there would have been at least 10,000 or 15,000 people. CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, VIC- TORIA-PARADE. The Rev. S. C. Kent preached at this church in the morning. The text was taken from 2 Corinthians viii. 9-"For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that though He was rich, yet for your sakes He became poor, that ye through His poverty might be- come rich." The amount collected at the church was £17 3s. Gd., and for the Sunday school, £2 10s. 3d. f ST. MARY'S, HOTHAM. The Rev. W. Floyd, missionary chaplain of Fiji, preached at St. Mary's Episcopalian Church, Hotham, in the morning, taking for his text the words-" Then eaid Jesus unto him, Go and do thou likewise "-from Luke x. 37. The rev. gentleman loferred in the course of his sermon to the characters of the priest, the Lévite, and the Samaritan men- tioned hy Cbrist in the parable to which the words of the text applied. The action of the good Samaritan, ho stated, was true charity, such as he hoped would animate his hearers on behalf of the charities for whom a special appeal waa made that day. If they were ac- tuated by that oharity, they would ahow their love to God and their fellowmen by giving according to the abundance with which God had blessed them, and would do so without distinction of creed or country, remembering only that thora were thousands in Bullering and need and distress, and that it waa their duty oa followers of Jesus to do what they could to help and re- lieve afilieted pomona. The evening service was conducted by the Rev. W. N. Guinness, whose sermon also bore on the parable of the Good Samaritan, the text being from Luke x. 29 37. The collection in the morning amounted to £913s. 5d., and in the evening to £015a 2d. The Sunday-school children contributed £13 9s., making the total for the church aud school £2917s. 7d. VOLUNTEER 'PARADE, SANDRIDGE. The Sandridge Volunteer Artillery held a church parade on the railway pier, when 70 members of the corps turned out, with their band. They were under'the command of Brevet Captain Eves and Lieutenant Cowan. The squally weather pre vented a large attend- ance of the public, and consequently the col- lection fell far.below that of last year. The Rev. S. IronsijleB conducted the service, and took for bis text Acts x. 38-"How God anointed Jesus of Nazareth with the Holy Ghost and with power : who went about doing §ood, andhealipg all that were oppressed of the evil ;for God was with Him." The rev. gentle- man nad commenced to deliver an impressive sermon, when I a very heavy squall of rain came od, and the service waa brought to an abrupt conclusion. T,he band played several pieces of sacred music, hut they were also obliged to stop and go back to their orderly, room. The collection only amounted to £23, while last year the amount was £70. It is proposed by the officer commanding the corps to ask tho commandant to allow the men to have i another church parade for the same purpose on a more favourable Sunday1. _ ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, TOORAK. The services! in the forenoon were con- ducted by the Rev. Canon Bromby, of Tas- mania, who took his text from 1 Chronicles nix 14. In the coarse of hia aermon the rev. gentleman [remarked that Christians of every sect had that .day resolved.to »how to the world that whatever their minor ii Ho- ii-I noble effort to support the institutions which afforded succour and refuge to the poor and Buffering. Most of his hearers had been blest by Providence with many gifts ; they had much to enjoy and much to be thankful for. One of their blessings was that if dis- ease laid hold on them they were imme- diately surrounded with the tender minis- trations of loving hands and the com- fort of loving voicea. Let them remember, then, that what the comfort and the' love of home and friends were to thomselves, the help and medical care afforded by the hospitals were to the poor and suffering. As one to whom such institutions had been made well known in the course of his minis- trations, he could Bay that they nobly ful- filled the purpoBe for which they were founded, and he cordially recommended thoir claims to his hearers. In the evening the Rev. Mr. Low preached from Romans xiv. 7-"For none of us liveth to himself, and no man dieth to himself." The chuTch was well attended at both services, and the »total sum realised for the Hospital fund waa £52 14s. 2d. Of this £45 17b. 4d. was contributed in the morning, and £16 16s, lOd. in the evening. ALL SAINTS, ST. KILDA. There was a large congregation in the morning, when the Rev. W. Brooke delivered a sermon from Matthew ix. 8-"And whon the multitudes Baw what was done they mar- velled and glorified God, who had given such power unto men." Having dilated on the wonderful progress that had been made in tbo art of healing, he showed how intimately Boni and body were connected, and that to keep the commandments of God was the great rule for ensuring vigour of body and mind. If we observed the natural laws of health these would be greatly increased, and tbe remedy of the great disease of the soul, which was sin, could not fail to produce a corresponding soundness of the material being. In the evening the sermon was delivered by the Rev. J. H. Gregory from the I text, "Luke, the beloved physician." The collections were-morning, £81 Os Id. ; even; ¡Dg, £30 5s. 9d. Total, £117 5g. lOd. ' EAST MELBOURNE SYNAGOGUE. At this place of worship the Rev. M. Rintel preached from Psalm xxxix. 13, which he used to illustrate the uncertainty of everything worldly, and to show how de- pendent wo all wore upon God's kindness and mercy, and oft on the assistance and aid of our fellow creatures. This introduced the subject of charity, and he Bçoke very forcibly of the usefulness of the various institutions that were benefited by the collections of the doy. About £30 is expected to be roalised as the result of the offerings of the congrega- tion. _ PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, ST. KILDA. There wob a large attendance in the morn- ing. The Rev. Dr. Cameron delivered a discourse from Galatians vi. 2-"Bear yo one another's burdens, and bo fulfil the law of Christ." The firBt part treated of the divorce of religion from philanthropy, and having shown how the religion of the Bible always taught charity irrespective of creed, he entered into details as to the care taken of the poor under the Old Testament dispen- sation, and the spirit of liberality displayed towards them by the primitive church. Tho second part dealt with the divorce of philan- thropy from religion, urged by those who would make a religion of mere benevolence. He pointed out that the very source of benevolence was to be found in the scrip- tural view of the dignity of man as an immortal being, with a right to cherish the high hopes of the Gospel, and he con- cluded by urging his congregation not to separate religion and philanthropy, but to give with a Christian object, and in doing good to the body, to seek at the same time to benefit the soul. In the evening the Rev. Dr. Camoron preached from 2 Chronicles xxxii. 25. The collections at the two services amounted to £50. WILLIAMSTOWN. The members of the Naval Reserve and Artillery corps mustered at the Castom- houso in uniform and side arms, and marched off to their respective churches, headed by the Artillery band. The Naval Reserve men were under the command of Lieut. Elder, and Captain Douch commanded the Artillery corps. There was a good muster, and the men appeared to advantage. Cnunon of England.-The Rev. Canon Vance preached in the morning and the Rev. Canon Chase in the evening. The collections amounted to £31 4s. 4d. Roman Catholic Cmmcn.-There was a large congregation at this church, morning and evening. The Rev. J. J. M'Gillicnddy preached very impressivo sermons at both services, using as his text in tbo morning the words-"There is no other name but that of Jesus whereby mon shall be Baved." The morning collection amounted to £22 13s. (3d., and the evening to £2 2s. 3d., making a total of £24 15s. 9d. At the Footscray morning service the collection waa £5 15s. 3d., making a total of £30 Ila. for the Williamstown pariBh. United Methodist Free Church.-The Btewards felt warranted in devoting but a part of the contributiona to the Hospital fund, and this amounted to 15s. 8d. The Rev. R. Miller officiated morning and even- ing. Pbesbïterian CnrjBcii.-The Rev. J. Clark preached both morning and evening. In the morning the text was, " Your abun- dance moy supply their want," from 2 Corin- thians viii. 14. The total collections were £23 14s. 9d. Wesleyan CiiDEcn.-The services were conducted, morning and evening, by Mr. J. E. Thomas, B.A., of Adelaide. In the morning his text was Philippians ii. 5 8 ; and in the evening Matthews xi. 28 30. In the morning the collection amounted to £5 8a. 5d., and in the evening to £3 8s.: total, £8 16b. 5d. In addition to this, the collection at the Skeleton Creek Church amounted to 12s. 10d., and at Mount Cot- terell to 7s. Cd. Congregational CnoBcn -The services at this church were conducted by the Rev. J. Mirams, who preached in the morning from the Epistle of James i. 27-"Pure religion and undefiled before God and the Father is this, to viBit the fatherless and the widows in their affliction, and to keep himself un- spotted from the world ;" and m the evening from Galatians vi. 10-"As wo have there- fore opportunity, let iib do good unto all men, especially unto them who are of the house- hold of faith." The collection amounted to £20; viz., morning, £1215s. 8d.; evening, £4 lite. 4d.; Sunday school, £2 5s. Welsh CnonoH.-The Rev. W. M. Evana officiated. The collection amounted to £5 2s. 9d. _ KEW. At Trinity Church, Kew, the Rev. Mr. Chalmers preached in the morning from Luke xvi. 20-" There was a certain beggar named Lazarus, which was laid at his gate full of Borea." Such was the way, Mr. Chalmers observed, the friends of a poor man disposed of bim at Jerusalom in Our Lord's day. But amongBt ourselves at the present day the case would bo treated differently. Instead of a sick man being carried forth and laid down in the public highway to attract the sympathy of passera. by, admission would be secured for him to some hospital, where he would be tenderly and Bkilfully treated. Why, he asked, wore the Bick and afflicted so highly favoured now ? Not from the spread of civilisation, but the universal acknowledgement of the religion of Christ From the very first days of the church the relief of the sick had been considered a,binding duty hy the followers of Christ Two of the largest hospitals of London, St Thomas's and St Bartholomew's, were used as places of public worship at the time of the Reformation. In conclusion, Air. Chalmers urged upon his hearers to Bhow themselves Christians that day in the sense of the Good Samaritan, and to evince their thankfulness to God for his precious gift of health,1 and their heartfelt sympathy for those in pain, want, and Buffering. The Bum collected was withheld Mr. George Peake presided at the organ, and tho musical portion of the service waa very satisfactory, At the Congregational Cnunon, tho Rev. Richard Connèbeo officiated at both services, taking hie text in the morning from Luke x. 19, and in the evening from Luke iii. 47, 48. The collectionfat morning servico amountort to £25, and in] the evening to £5 5s. Cd., £2 3s. being collected by the Sunday School. 'J his shows a marked improvement on last lear. , j_ CHRIST ¡CHURCH, ST. KILDA. In the morning there was a crowded attend- ance. The sernjon was preached by the Rev. J. Stanley Low, from Romans xiv. 7-"For none of us hveth unto himself." After describing the Roman church to which these words were addressed, he 'showed the direot action of the apostle's teaching upon that church in particular and] the world in general, con- trasting the benevolence and morality of the Gospel with tile codea,and systems which had gone before. He dwelt at length upon individual influencé in its direct and indirect aspects as illustrating the text, and gave a very striking anecdote to show how the love of Christ moved men to regard their fellow creatures. In the evening the sermon waa Èreached by the Rev. Canon Bromby, of lobartTown, from Romans iii. 12, 13, The collections were-morning, £46 Cb. 9d. ; even ST. MARY'S ROMAN OATHOLICCHURCH, i ST. KILDA. The Rev. J. F. Corbett preaohod from Matthew xxii,< 21, in the morning, and the Rev. W. H. Quirk in the evening. The col- lections amounted to £58. TRINITY CHURCH, ST. KILDA. The Rev. J. Norton preached in the morn ing from Psalm xlix.' 17, and in the evening from Hebrews xiii. 16. The collections were -morning, £24 7s. 4d.¡ evening, £3 18a. lOd. ¡-total, £28 6s. 2d. WESLEYAN CHURCH, ST. KILDA, In the morning the Rev. W. A. Quick preached from Matthew xxii. 37-39, showing how love and charity were to be extended to oil mankind, irrespective of nation, reli- gion, or creed. In the evening the Rev. W. Brown preached from 1 Corinthians iii. 21-23. The collections were-morning, £11 16s. ; evening, £816s. 6d. ; total, £2012s. 6d. CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH, ST. KILDA. The Rev. A. Gosman preached in the morning on " Responsibility in disease," and the Rev. A. Reid in the evening, from Mark xii. 15. The collections were- morn- ing, £16 13b. Id. : Sunday schooi, £212s. 4d.; evening, £418s. 4d. ; total, £24 3s. 9d. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, SOUTH YARRA. The Rev. A. Brims, B.D., preached from Bom. viii. 26, in the morning to a large con- gregation. The collection amounted to £07 15s. 9d., and in the evening to £7 ; total, £64 16b. 4d. PRAHRAN TOWN-HALL. A service by the Good Templar lodges of Prabron, St. Kilda, and Malvern was held at the town-hall, Prahran, in the afternoon. There waa only a moderate attendance, owing to the threatening aspect of the weather. The Rev. John Barton officiated, and preached an effective discourse. The collection amounted to £5 Is 8_d. COBURG. The Rev. John Watson officiated both morning and evening at Trinity Church (Church of England). In the morning he preached from the text Isaiah lxi. 8"-I hate robbery for burnt offering." In the evening he preached from the text Gal. ii. 10-" Wo Bhould remember the poor. The collection in the morning amounted to £1 17s. CJ. ; in the evening to £1 10s. 9d. : total, £3 8s. 3d. At the Roman Catholic Church the Rev, Father Horan preached. The collection was £3 Is. 3d. At the Presbyterian Church the Rev. J. Cooper preached morning and even- ing. The collections amounted in the morn- ing to £8 4s. 3d. ; in the evening to £1-total, £9 4s. 3d. At the Wesleyan Church the Rev. S. Williams preached in the morning, and the Rev. J. Pernella in the evening. The collec- tions amounted in the morning to £i 6s. 9d.; in the evening to £2 10s. 5d. ; Sunday school collections, £114s. 5d. ; total, £8 11b. 7d. HAWTHORN. A special service was held in the Hawthorn Town-hall, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, in connexion with the Hope of Hawthorn and Dawn of Peace Lodges of Good Templars. The Rev. Frederick C. B. Fairey conducted the Bervice. taking bis text from Proverbs xxiv. 11, 12. Appropriate selections from Philip Phillipa's " American Songster " were Bung by the members of the above lodges. A collection was afterwards taken, which amounted to £3 Is. At Christ Church, the Rev. R. Baker officiated at both morning and evening services. The text in the morning was taken from Luke x. 37 ; and in the evening from 1 Cor. xiii. 13. The morning collection amounted to £3213s. l_d., and that in the evening to £3 4s. At the Roman Catholic Church, Burwood-road, the Rev. Thoa. Cahill, S.J., conducted the ser- vice in tho morning, taking his text from Philippiana i. G. The collection amounted to £1G 14s. 6d. There was no service in the evening. The Rev. J. Robertson, B.A, preached in the morning at the Congre- gational Church, Burwood-road, the text being from Isaiah xli. 17, and at evening service the Rev. T. Laver officiated, taking hiB text from Acts xx. 35. The collection in the morning was £11 18s. 8d ; evening, £11 5s. 4_d.; Sunday Behool contributions, £2 9s. 4d. : total, £25 13s. 4_d. A collection wat made by the Disciples of Christ, Burwood road, amounting to £118s. Gd. BRUNSWICK. An open-air service was to have been held at theinstance of the mayor,Mr. B. Overend, but in consequenco of the very boisterous weather, an adjournment wos made to the Wesleyan Chopel.where short addresses were delivered by the RevB. A, M'Vean, Dodgaon, and Bentley. The amount of the collection was £7 6a At the Presbyterian Church in the morning, the Rev. A. M'Vean preached from Matthew ix. 35, 36, showing Christ to be a physician as well as a preacher. The amounts collected weie £181-ss Id. At the Wesleyon Church, tho Rev. J. S. Waugh preached from 2 Corinthians viii. 9, in the morning, and in the evening the Rev. J. D. DodgBon was the preacher, from the 2 Corinthians ix. 6, 7. The total col- lections were £14 13b. Gd. In the Church of England the Rev. Mr. Bardin preached in the morning, from Luke x. 3G, 37, and in the evening from Proverbs xiv. 20, 21. The amounts collected were £9. At the Baptist Church, the Rev. Mr. Bentley preached from Galatiana ii. 10, in the morning ; and the Rev. Mr. Lush in the evening, from Hebrews xii. 2. The amounts realised were £5 4s. 3d. At the Roman Catholic Church, the Rev. Father O'Hoa delivered an impressive discourso from the Gospel of the day in the morning, no service being held in the evening. The amount collected w-s £3 Ila 7d. At the CongregationalChurch, which is without a pastor at the prosent, ser monBWere preached-in the morning from Luke xix, 10, and in the evening from Ecclea iaates ix, 10, by Mr. Thompson, a college student Amount collected, £2 10s. Id. At the Primitive Methodist Church, in the morning Mr. Gidley preached from St John xvii. 15, and in the evening Mr. Edea preached from Luke x. 33. The collections were £1 In the United Methodist Free Church Mr. J. Wughorne preached in the morning from St. John vii. 37, 38 ; and the Rev. J. Gribble in the evening from 1 John iii. 17\. The collections amounted to £3 lGs. 9d. The result is that tho respectable sum of £6516s. 3d. has been collected within the borough in aid of the charitable insti- tutions. BRIGHTON. Collections were made in the various churches, and special services and a church parade held in the afternoon in the Volunteer drill-room. The Rev. D. H. Ballantyne preached, and the Reva S. Taylor, J. Legge, S. Richards, J. Catherall, and J. Hay took part in the services. There waa a good at- tendance, about 800 or 900 persons being present. The choral part of the service was performed by the choirs of the different churches, under tho direction of Mr. Julius Herz, The Volunteer band also performed selections of sacred music before and aftor the service. The collection was £17 8s, ST. KILDA SYNAGOGUE. A special service was held at this place of worship yesterday afternoon, and consider- ing the inclemency of the weather, there was a very fair attendance. The Rev. E. Blaubaum preached a sermon on charity, taking bis text from Psalm xli, 2, The collection amounted to £20. VOLUNTEEltPARADE, ALBERT-PARK. The parade of the Southern Rifles in Albert-p-ik was, owing to the inclement weather, badly attended, but tbe collection realised £12 11s. 4d. The Rev. N. Flow Kane 'preached, taking for his text Acts xxvii. 12. PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, CLAREN- DON-STREET. At the Clarendon-street Presbyterian Church, the Rev. N. Swan preached in the morning, the Rev. Alex. F. Knox con- ducting the evening service. The amount, inclusive of the Sunday-school collection, was £2116s. Cd._ ST. LUKE'S, EMERALD-HILL. The Rev. J. Gaton preached in the morn* ing from Frov.j xviii. 24, the collection for the Hospital fund being £2314s. Id. In the evening the Rev. R. B. Barlow officiated. The collection at the. latter service (£14 10s.) is to be devoted to the Melbourne Orphanage. ST. ANDREW'S CHURCH OF ENGLAND, COLLINGWOOD. At St Andrew's Church of England, Gold street, Collingwood, the service was con- ducted by lay helpers. In the morning Mr. Charles Baker preached, taking tor his text Luke xix. 41, the sympathy of Jesus for the impending miseries of the Jews in Jerusalem being held forth 'saan example for Christiana to imitate and follow. The'evening service was conducted by Mr. Lascelles, the text being taken from Matthew vi 1. The total oolle« ST. PETER AND PAUL'S ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH. The Rev. J. O'Callaghan preached morning and evening, taking for his text the gospel of the day. The collection was-Morning, £34 17s. 3d. ; evening, £3 Os. 7d.-total, £37 17s. lOd. _ PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, EMERALD HILL. The Rev. Dr. Macdonald officiated at the morning service. In the afternoon a mis- sionary address waa delivered by the Rev. J. C. Paton, the Rev. Dr. Macdonald again preaching in the evening. The total amount collected was £25, INDEPENDENT CHURCH, EMERALD HILL. The Rev. W. Moss preached in the morn- ing, when £10 17s. lOd. was collected, the eum obtained at the evening service, con- ducted by the Rev. E. Greenwood, being £10 2s. 7d. The Sunday-school contributed £4 6s. Total, £25 Os. lid. WESLEYAN CHURCH, EMERALD-HILL. Morning service at the Wesleyan Church, Cecil- street, was conducted by the Rev. Mr. Williams, £1814s. 8d. being collected. The result at the evening service when the Rev. Samuel Ironside preached, was £15 2s. Id. The Sunday-school collection amounted to £3 11s. 3d. Total, £3316s. 9d. BIBLE CHRISTIAN CHURCH, GORE STREET, FITZROY. The Rev. T. E. Keen conducted themorning ervice, taking as his text the latter clause of 2 Corinthians viii. 7-"See that yo abound in this grace also." He pointed out that the apostle Paul exhorted the Corin- thian church to the exercise of charity, in addition to other graces manifested by it, and finished his discourse by an earnest appeal to the liberality of his hearers towards the alleviationof want and misery in our midBt The Rev. J. Rowe preached in tho eveniDg, from St Matthew v. 43 "Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven ia perfect" The following is a list of the collections made : Town-hall Sorvlco., £50 10 0 Theatre Royal Sen leo . 47 10 0 Opcra-houso Service . 48 0 S St. Patrick's. 70 0 2 Bt Francis .. - . 184 9 0 Albert-Street Baptist Church ,, " B2 l8 8 Bourkc-strcet Synagogue.. .. ,, 20 10 0 East Melbourne Eynagoguo (abovo) ,, 80 0 0 Bt. Kilda Synagogue ., _ ,, 20 0 0 Collins-Street Baptist Church ,, ., 67 4 St Collins street Independent Church .. BO 0 0 Scots Church . 143 4 6 Congregational Church, Victoria-parado 10 13 0 St. James's Cathedral .. .. .. 10 8 0 SU Andrew's (Presbyterian), Carlton .. 46 14 0 Chalmers' Church (Presbyterian) .. 62 8 8 Wesley Church, LonBiIole-stroot _ ,, 84 13 6 Unitarian Church. 21 0 0 I Disciples ol Christ, Manchester Unity Hall.. _ ..' . 12 0 0 Baptist Church, Temperance hall ., 6 16 0 Fitzroj Town-hall. 7 2 0 St. Peter's (Church ot England),Eastern hill . 82 4 0 St. John's Church, Lalrobc-stroot .. B8 10 1 Independent Church, Lonsdale- strcot ,. 7 8 0 Gospel-hall, Bourko-street cast ., _ £08 Gospel-hall, Littlo Bourke street - 0 16 7 Chinese WoBloyan Church. 2 14 0 Colosseum. 8 16 7 Spiritualistic Sunday-School .. ,. 3 2 0 Wesleyan Church, Brunswick-street " 33 12 8 Prcsbjterian Church, Naplor street .. 0 4 8 Weelo] an Church, Sackt lllc-stroet ,. 8 6 4 Trinity Church, Sandridge .. ,, 6 6 0 Bothel, Sandrldgo _ . SOO Wcelej an, North Sandridge ,, .. 1 15 0 Wesleyan Methodist, Sandrldgo .. B 1 i¡ St. Mary's Church ol England, Hotham SO 17 7 Wesleyan Church, Flemington .. .. 4 13 8 Baptist Church, West Melbourne- .. 16 l8 2 Church of Christ, Hotham .. .. 7 0 0 Wesleyan Church, Franklin street .. 6 10 0 St. Mary's (Bonum Catholic), Wost Mel- bourne . 81 1 4 Bible Christians, Hotham. 4 16 0 W'ibI yan Church, Hotham .. .. 23 16 1 Presbyterian Church, Hotham .. ,, 14 16 1 West Melbourne Presbyterian Church.. 61 l8 5 Bt. Andrew's (Church of England), Col- lingwood .. _ . 7 1 85 Church of England, Coburg .. ,, 8 8 8 Doman Catholic, Coburg .. .. ., 8 13 Presbyterian, Coburg . 0 4 8 WeBlcyan, Coburg. 8 11 7 Prahran Town-hall. 6 1 84 Congregational Church, St. Kilda .. 21 8 0 Wesleyan Church, St» Kilda .. .. 80 12 6 Trinity Church (Church ot England), St. Hilda. 23 8 2 Baptist Church, Alma-mad .. ,, 6 0 2 St Mary's Roman Catholic, St Kilda _ 68 0 0 Christ Church (Church ot England) St. Hilda .. - . 01 10 1 Pi cub} terian Church, Footscray.. _ 10 13 0 Presbyterian Church, South Yarra .. 01 10 1 St Matthew's, Prahran (Church of Eng- land). 85 1 2 Independent Church, Prahran _ ,. 20 0 G Wes cyan Church, Punt- road ,, ,, 28 fl 0 l/utherau Church, Eoetorn-hlll .. .. 13 12 2 Iiiblo Chiietian Church, Qoro-stroet ,, 6 13 10 Congregational Church, Oxford-etrcet ,. 25 0 8$ United Methodists' Ireo Church, Hoddlo Btriet «. .. 4 3 8 BaplUt Church, Gcorgo-Btrcot ., ., 8 10 11 Wtelcjan Church, Oippe-Btreot .. .. 0 0 8 Kant Mclbourno Congregational Church, Victoria-street. 11 2 4 Free Church ol England, Park-street, Colling« ood .. .. .. ., 6 S 21 Primitivo Methodist, Vcro-Btreot.. ,, 4 2 4 Baptist Sunday School, Oold-Btrcot .. 6 10 0 St Andrew's Church of England, Gold Btreet . 7 1 Si Christian Church, Langrldgo-strect .. 4 7 0 New Templo (Swodonborgiao), Albert» Btriet . 5 0 0 Baptist Church Sunday School, Goorgo strcot .. .. - .. .. 119 St. Mark's Church, George-street .. 26 14 4 St Philip's Church, noddlo-Btrect .. l8 7 1 St Lukols Church, Fitzroy .. .. 1115 0 WcBleyan Church, Poloerston-stroet, Carlton .. _. . 83 6 8 St George's Roman Catholic Church Carlton. 11 7 0 Ersklno Church, Rathdowno-stroot ,. 12 12 10 Christian Chapel, Lygon.stroot .. .. 12 0 7 St Judo's, Lygon-Btroct .. .. ,. 41 3 3 Primitivo Methodist, L) gon-Btroot ,, 6 0 0 Independent Church, Qrattan-stroet .. 15 0 1 Bible Christian's, Rathdowno-streot ,. 12 6 St Bridget's, North Fitzroy ,. .. 6 6 0 Church ol England, Hawthorn .. .. 85 17 U Roman Catholic, Hawthorn .. ., 10 14 0 Congregational, Hawthorn .. .. 26 13 44 Disciples ot Christ, Hawthorn .. .. 1 l8 6 Town-hall, Hawthorn . 3 10 Baptist, Hawthorn. ,, 2 12 0 Congregational, Kew .. .. .. B2 8 0 Presbyterian, Kow. .. 82 l8 2 Church el England, Brighton .. .. 27 16 2 Congregational, Brighton. 0 2 0 Wesleyan, Brighton . 8 5 6 BaptlBt, Brighton. 8 10 0 Presbyterian, Elsternwick. 16 8 6 Drillroom, Brighton .. .. ,. 17 8 0 Disciples ol Christ, Brighton .. ., 6 0 0 Special service, Brunswick .. 7 6 0 Presbyterian Church, Brunswick .. 18 14 1 Wesleyan, Brunswick .. 14 13 6 Church of England, Brunswick .. 9 0 0 Baptist, Brunswick .. 5 4 3 Roman Catholic, Brunswick .. 3 11 7 Congregational, Brunswick .. 2 10 1 Primitive Methodist, Brunswick .. 1 0 0 United Methodist, Brunswick .. 8 16 0 Box at Hospital gato . 9 3 10 Volunteer Parado, Sandrldgo .. ,. 23 0 0 Bt. John's, Toorak (Church ol England) 02 14 2 All Saints', St. Kllda(ChurchofEiigland) 117 6 10 Preabyterian Church, St Kilda .. ,. 60 0 0 Church ol England, Williamstown .. 31 4 4 Roman Catholic, Williamstown .. .. 80 11 0 United Methodist, Williamstown ,. 0 16 8 Presbyterian, Williamstown .. .. 23 14 0 Wesleyan, Williamstown .. .. .. 010 1 Congregational, Williamstown ., ,. 20 O 0 Welsh Church, Williamstown _ .. 6 2 0 Wcsloyan Church, Mount Erica . . .. 0 4 6 Baptist Church, South Yarra .. - 6 10 7 Baptist Church, Charles-stroet .. ,. 8 6 0 Primitivo MothodlBt, South Yarra .. 1 12 2 Chriftian Mcotlng-houBo, Windsor .. 16 17 11 St Paul's, Swanston Btreet .. ,. 40 14 2 Methodist, Ttlchmond . 8 0 0 Disciples ol Chilst, Richmond .. ,. 8 0 0 Congregational, Richmond ». ,. 82 6 0 Roman Catholic, Richmond .. _ 29 6 0 Wcsloyan, Richmond . 19 13 0 United Methodist, Richmond .. .. 6 10 Presbyterian, Sandrldgo. 14 l8 0 Roman Catholic, Sandrldgo .. ., 4 3 8 St Luke's, Emerald-hill. 28 14 1 Roman Catholic, Emerald-hill .. .. 37 17 10 Presbyterian, Emerald-hill .. _ 25 0 0 Independent Church, Emorald-hill ,, 26 0 11 Wcsloyan, Emerald-hill .. .. ». 83 16 0 Disciples ol Christ, Emorald- hlll.. .. 1 10 0 Voiuntcor Parado, Albert-park .. .. 12 11 4 Clarendon atrcot Presbyterian Church.. 2118 0 St. Gcorgo's Presbyterian, Wellington street . 11 12 m Bt Joeoph'sBomanCothoUc, Collingwood 1 15 11 HOSPITAL SATURDAY. The following collections were made on Hospital Saturday in addition to those already given : Employes ol Mitchell and Newoll ..' £6 8 6 Employes ol Wm Hutchison ,, .. a 1 0 Employes ol Kitchen and Bons .. ,, 12 0 0 Employes ot William Radford .. .. 2 10 0 Employes ol Crutch and Bowler.. ,. 1 13 0 Employes ot Stillwell and Knight .. 2 0 0 Employés at Scott's Hotel .. ., B 16 0 N. Kinsman's mart, Collingwood.. .. 16 0 A TRiriB crime is reported from Bordeaux. One Duvernueil, a porter, having quarrelled with hia neighbours, attacked them with a sword stick, and, before he was disarmed, killed a man and his wife on the spot, and wounded a policeman. The assassin has long been notorious for his' revolutionary instincts, and at the time of the overthrow of the Empire was on the point of being elected a municipal councillor. An atrocious crime has been committed at Nice by an individual unknown. A widow | named Cawin, a midwife, aged 36, was sam- . moned in haste to attend a patient She set out with perfect confidence to accompany her conductor, who suddenly stabbed her to the heart with a batcher's knife. The poor woman fell dead in the street, and the mur- derer took to night, leaving behind the 