NEW CONVENT AT KENSINGTON. On Sunday, the 5th iust., tlie founda tion-stone was laid of a Convent at Ken sington for the Sisters of S. Joseph. This order of nuns, which is essentially South Australian, having been instituted ten years ago by the Rev. J. E. T. Woods for missionary purposes, has now received a charter from Rome, and the building about to be erected will be considered the mother-house. The ramifications of the order extend throughout this colony and in several other Australian dioceses. When we state that the Sisters have in their charge, besides day-schools for children throughout the colony, our orphans numbering over 100, the Provi dence (or the institution for the destitute and aged poor), also a Home, where un- happy victims of " tlie sin of cities " may find rest and a prospect of reformation, we have only partially indicated their ex tended sphere. His Lordship the Bishop, attended by Fathers Tappeiner and Peters, the Jesuit Fathers of the Norwood Mission, and by Fathers M. Kcogh and McCloskey, arrived shortly after 3 o'clock, and being vested with the rochet, alb, and white cope, and wearing his mitre, pro ceeded to the site situated in the grounds known as the late Mr. Main's. After the chanting of the 83rd Psalm the stone was blessed. The Litany of the Saints and 120th Psalm were chanted, and the Bishop laid the stone, using the words : — " In the faith of Jesus Christ we set this first stone in this foundation in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, that true faith may flourish here, and the fear of God and brotherly love, and that this place may be devoted to prayer and to the invocation and praise of the name of the same Jesus Christ our Lord, who with the Father and the Holy Ghost liveth and reigneth God world without end." The Miserere was sung, and the procession moved round the whole site of the foundations, chanting the pre scribed psalms and anthems. His Lord ship then addressed an impressive dis course to the assembled crowd, who listened patiently despite the threatening weather. He stated that as in the name of the Lord Jesus he had laid the first stone of the Convent school that pointed clearly to what the Church thought educa tion should be ; commenced in God's name and in God's name it ought to be carried out, and bvould be, despite any efforts to to the contrary. The weather, which now more than threatened, compelled His Lord ship to shorten his discourse ; but in an swer to his appeal, and despite the in clemency of the day, which kept many at home, over £05 was deposited on the stone. The building will be a very plain struc ture in its design, economy and accomoda tion having been the principal objects in view. It is to be built of Glen Osmond stone, with brick dressings, and will be three storeys high. The first, which is partly underground, will be used as a re fectory ; sixe, 03 ft. x 31ft. by 10 ft. high. The ground- floor will contain a community- room, 30 ft. x 31 ft. x 15 ft. 3 in. high, which will also be used as a schoolroom, and will be divided from the oratory by a moveable wood partition. The size of the oratory will be 27 ft. x 31 ft. br a height of 28 ft. 0 in., and attached to it will be the sanctuary, 17 ft. square by a height of 20 ft. The third floor will be used as a dor mitory, and is to be 43 ft. x 31 ft. by a height of 12 ft. This building will form one wing of tlie intended structure, and a small portion of the centre is being erected. This will include a spacious staircase, and contain storerooms, bathroom, &c.;, and will be 14 ft. x 31 ft. x 20 ft. high. The roof will be covered with Willunga slate, and tlie entire cost of the premises com pleted will be somewhat under £2,000. The architect is Mr. McMullen, and the contractor Mr. J. McEnhill. Under the stone is deposited the follow ing document : — Ad. Majorem, Dei Gloriam et animarum salutem, J.M.J. Reparata) salutis anno xcdccclxxv, Cum Ecclesiie gubernacula inter atrocissimas tempestates manu forti et gloriose trigesimo jam anno teneret PIUS IX. Dominica XVI., post Pentecosten qiue fuit quinta SeptembrisBeverendissimus Dominus Christopliorus Augustiuus Reynolds Episcopus Quartus Adelaidensis, Posuit banc Lapidem, Ut sit firmum fundamentum Oratii et Con- ventus Virginum Religiosarum Sororum Sti. Josephi a SSmo. Corde Jesu, ut ubi die noctuque adorent Divinum Sponosiun suum, et in hac domo Matro et primaria totius congregationis se praiparent exercito virtutum religiosarum pro laboribus caritatis, pro pia parvulorum institutione, pro levamine omnis generis indigentium. Soror. Maria a Cruce, Superiorissa, Gen. prima et Fundatrix. Sr. Fraxcisca Xaveria) Sr. Josepha Calasancta v ConsilariiB. Sr. Francisca j Sr. Berxarda, Prov. Adelaid. Sr. Teresia, Prov. Dime. Bathurst. Sr. Josephina, Prov. Dioec. Brisban. Sr. Clara et Monica, Magistral Novit. et aliio centum quinqua- quinta sparsre per dictas tres dioeeeses. Then followed His Lordship's signature and those of the attendant priests, and of Mr. McMullen, the Architect. 