ODD NOTES. : Br a Bouiwiah. ' Ip there vns any doubt boforo as to tho cold blooded mnlignily of tho Minister for Lands against the duiiimiors, it lma boeu abundantly proved now at tho Toowoomba assizes j and inless ho can get Bhiflod out of his oflleo pretty juiokly Kent and Wienholt won't bo tho only jnes who will Buffer. Thoro are somo scores of ithor victims to bo sacrificed in the snmo ruth less manner. I was in hopes that the tovero illness ho has just recovered from would hnvo softened his hoart und made him look more kindly upon tho otruRgling aquattors who, in their anxiety to prcservo the symmetry of their runs lmvej ust exceeded tho strict lcttor of tho law. 1'hat illness, no doubt, was sent as a warning — but somo men nover tijko warning. The Minis ter for Lands sooms to como back to his office more ferocious than ho left it ; nnd the Altor ney-Generul — ' our Sam' — emboldened by hia victories in the Supremo Court, and no doubt 'egged on' by tho Minister for Lauds, is getting intolerably eockoy and more aggressive than over. Do the Minister for Lan(?8 and his precious collonguo, the Attorney-Q- enoral, know and fully realise tho inevitablo eonso quonces which must onsue by persisting in thoir presont course of conduct ? Do thoy romombor the sort of people they are harrying and worry ing by these legal proceedings ? TheBe— ron no less authority than tho great novelist, Anthony Trollopo, mind you — aro the aristo cracy of tho colony; the ' Dukes' and great noblemon ; tho vory cream and quintessence of Australian respectability. It's almost onough to tako ono's breath away to think of these mon being dragged boforo judges, and not only charged with deliberate acts of fraud and shuffl ing in ordor to difldlo tho country out of miles and miles of Crown land more than thoy are entiled to by flaw, but actually getting juries to find'lhem guilty. Making them, not to put too fine a point on it, not a bit moro.hbnest nor respectablo than the very commonest of people who overstep tho law and have, to aiiBwer for thoir misdeeds boforo a jurjgo and jury. To be Buro I don't supposo that the AltornoyrGonoral will go so far as to proceed against any of these high and mighty offenders under the penal clauses of the Act, as Dick, Tom, and Harry would bo if they wore suspepted of having-, ren- dered thomselves liable to such prosobution ; but that, aftor all, is a vory small mercy after tho treatment they havo already reoeived at his hands. This sort of thing cannot go on muoh longer, you know, drsomejjnng very dreadful will happen to tho colony. If lh0 Minister for Lauds, and the Attorney-Goneral must make an oxamplo of somebody who has been guilty of broaches of the land law — couldn't they havo takou . some, small selector with nothing of a character — worth mentioning — to loso? There are plonty'of BUch abou!— Free Soleotors, who are the causo of no end of anxiety aad troublo to the squatters, near whoso runs they 'have located themselves. To have prose cuted a few of thoBO poople and ' ejected' theini would have been just twice as easy and twice as convenient. But to drag down tho honour and respectability p'frthe richest and proudest in tho land! Really' the Bubject is too painful to persuo any farther. If T. B. Stephens don't mean to dio just yot, and cannot administer his department iua more reasonable and considerate manner — why the sooner he resigns tho bottor ? —oh? :? ??? v/;.; ??;?? ? ? - ?' ? .,./-;? ' The Brisbano municipal elections have ter minated in a manner that - is, on the whole satisfactory— if the aldermen can' manage/ to select a good rough-longued mayor, who knows, the triok of tho 'upper out,' ' planting the loft on his opponent's peeper,' 'delivei ing tho right straight from tho shoulder,' and ' oross buttocking when he gets to close quarters.' Any way WMaBter has been goE rid of, and as one of the newly-elected aldermen very 'properly remarked, the Council Camber has thereby been purged of some portion of its religious element. It was getting so uncomfortably pious that thero. - really was some danger of its moatings being oponed and closed with prayer — and only think what a deep disgrace- on the whole city that would havo been ! And this would have been ; but tho thin end of the wedge, mind you. The. next step moat likely would have been to con duct the proceedings with such rigid propriety that if, in tho exoitomont of .dobato, un alder man happoned to make use of an oath or two, or challenged a fellow-uldonnan out into the lobby to try conolusions with thoir fists— the othor aldermen would have been almost certain to turn up tho whites of their eyoB — and pro poBO that a hymn be sung and a short prayer offered up, ' for thoir excited and miBguided brother.' What sort of a municipal counoil would that be, I should like to know. Could it be tolerated ? Would it, or could it for one moment bo supposed that aldermen who were liable to act in such an- outrage ous manner repreBonlod tho ratepayers P No, we havo, thanks to tho energy displayed at. tho lute oloctions, got rid of one professor of decided religiouu views from tho oity council, and there are sevoral others -who will have to go next year.' Tho good wort'has. beon oommenoed ..-? and it must be 'carried on until thero is; a ; clean sweep of every aldorman whooan be ?proved; to be a consiolont membor of any ohuroh or. olmpol, or who Bays his prayers rogular'Iy, or who makes any pretonsibns to load a religious 'life. ?''Tho. ?oity oonnoil iB not tho proper place for suoh people, and I am glad to learn. that the rate .payers are bogiuning to .find it out' There is some talk about M'Maater. carrying his protest against the validity of tho-Valley election into, the Supreme Court' and trying conclusions thoro. But that neod not- trouble' anybody. If tho judge decidea in his favour and a fresh election takes place, ho. will not stand the ghost of a ohunce now that his true ohaructor has beon shown up. ? 'l'ho ratepayers of the Valloy will hardly diegracb themselves again by elect ing a barofaood professor of religion and a local preachor for their representative in tho Munici pal Council. . Thero is an old sayingV Iiivo and learn,' and scarcely a day passes without some practical il luBtratiou of tho ttufch of the nbovo wibb saw, I have, for iustance, often puzzled my head to try and find out the truo l'ouson why bad rouds are maintained in a state of superlative badness year ufter yoari ?when it seemed to mo thnt it was everybody's interest to havo such roads re pairod and put into passablo condition. A correspondent of tho Adelaide Observer lias shown nio how much I havo ' to learn on this subject— -if I only live long onough to master it all! Beforring to a road and jetty at Glonolg, ho says :— ' Drivors of vehicles will obaorve wfth pleasure the removal of the ' corduroy ' road of irregular gum logs which has for bo loug ntimo dono an immense nmoujil of good for tho coach builders. As tho plank road hoa been .of service to tho wrights in shattering vehicles, so tho dis repulablu bUIo of llio jetty is n Bource of omohunciit to ehocmivkors, for last Monday morning thero wovo six or eight boot heols found in the interstices of tho deck.' Only think of thnt now ! Ooachmnkers nnd ahoomakora bolh flourishing by the bad roads — and once getting a koy to uuloek tho secrot, quite u flood of new light streams in. Ooachmukers and Bhoomnkcra aro not tho only persons who derive a direct bonofit from- bud roads. Thoro aro shoeing smiths mid veterinary surgeons for', tho horses injured in tho ourringo way, and doctors by, tho Biuashing of buggies, bolting of horees, .and persons tuking ' headers ' iu inconvenient direotiona through traps and pitfalls in tho footpaths. Tho dresses spoiled ; by mud, dust, and accidents from stumbling fellow pnssengers, makes it bettor for tho drapers, and tho tailorB ebaro ia tbo good luck', bocauso neithor coats nor trousers will lust us long when tho roads, aro shockingly bad as whoro they nro good. Then whou country people are benighted with bad roads to' traverse — the publicuus roap a harvest, because thoso who cannot ufford to stay all night are certain to take a fow extra nobblors to fortify themselves against tho terrors of the uusoen dangers between them and their homeB. In point of fact tho enquiry might bo very fairly pushed so much farthor than I .havo -taken it, that it would bo hard to eay who docs not de rivo some bonefit from bad roads in a neighbour hood — except the people who meot with the accidents— but if thoy Buffer they havo the con soling reflection that they suffer in a good cailso, and for the bout-fit of Clio community at largo. I was doeply grieved to learn that His Excel lency the Governor took exception to somo of tho entries mado in tho visitors' book at the Brisbano Hospital, and refused to eign his name in that in consequence. His Excellency being a -s new chum' docs not undorstnnd, and, thore foi-o, cannot appreoiate Llio. manners and customs of the natives in littlo mutters of this kind. Tho fact is that the hospital visiting book: to which he so strongly objooted has beer, for eoino years . past an inexhaustible eourco of amusement, and a vchiole for tho brilliant flashes of wit, saroasm, and cutting irony, that so distinguish bur nutive-bred youth. The book is very muoh Bmudged, blotted, and defaced with oraaures certainly — but this is no more than might bo expected under the oircumstanccs. The columns boI npart for ' remarks' bus beon used for the purpose of keeping up a running firp of ' chaff.' Some old fo^y would enter a serious ' remark,' and a smart young gonllonmn would follow* this by a -severely sarcastic or intensely wilty comment npon tho paid ' remark.' For instance, ono entry in this. 'book. is. ''bad tea, bad tea!' whereupon ' J. the nest visitor writes ' It is well your words fail;' the next visitor adds ' had an: impediment in his speech.' Somo visitor, with' a fino sense of humour and badinage, writes—' Night nurses too young, and too fond of fun with some of the ' patients,' and another, adds ' Before you write in this book again loam to spell.'. 'One Visitor has entered opposite hia name, or -the name ho has thought fit to assume— 'Gent'at large'1;', anolhor has written ' Ml Besperanduin.'-; a third — 'This fellow, must Ibo/a rum stick.' I could give many more extracts from the book, '.. but the nboyoaro fair- Bamples of 'tho,.whpto, and :ive certain to be admired -and appreciated by allporsona 'of taste and colonial experience^. A hospital is the severest lest of iwit, humour', and chaff— ^a man, ; boy, or hobblo-tle-hpy; who, oao.be intensely funny in the. visitors' book after iuspeoting : a largo hospital is cbrtaift to disi tingtiishliiinBelfihlifo. I ilaresay Governor Oairnaj coming freBh from tho, old country, reading ? the ', remarks '.'^qiioted above,- and scores of others. of a similar character in tho hospital - visitors' book; would concludo that the writers ? were unmitigated snobs, and' ' selPcoucoited,' 'empty-headed . cads into the bargain. '. But this just shpws'-hb'w 'now arrivals niay bo~ deceived^ - 