to the editor of the grafton argus. Sir,- - A letter in the ' Grafton Observer ' of the 5th instant, with the highly-suggestive signa ture of "Fair Play" seems to require some remark, and with your kind permission I pro pose giving my reply to it. Its commencement is — "In a contempory of the 31st ultimo, appeared an article in the style of a letter to the editor," etc. Therefore, I conclude " Fair Play " was alluding to my letter to you of 31st May on the Railway question, signed as this letter is 44 Colonist." Now if any one will take the trouble to read again my former letter, it will be seen that there was not the faintest allu sion to the ' Observer ' or its editor — Mr. E. C. Madgwick ; nor was there the least desire to deprive him of any part of the honor that may attach to his efforts in the connection. My pre vious letter was simply meant for a general re view of the question and an advocacy of what appears to myself and most of the members of the League whom I have spoken with, to be the best line ; and my general intention was to stir up the interest of the public in the matter with the view of free and wholesome discussion. It appears, however, this is like "throwing pearls before swine," as regards the 4 Observer ' and its mongrel myrmidons. They at once cry out before they are hurt, and with the unblushing audacity so characteristic of them, go on to claim honors to which they have not the ghost of a title. I believe there is very strong reason for thinking that " Fair Play," if not the editor him self, who used to be notorious for writing letters to his own paper — the 4 Observer '—is certainly inspired by him ; and this is proved by his edi torial foot-note to the letter referred to. The insinuation and inuendo are alike groundless. No one wants to rob the 4 Observer' of any thing. I should as soon try to despoil a scare crow of his rags as to take any 44 credit" the 4 Observer ' may fancy he is entitled to. The 44 certain party " to whom he refers, does not desire to usurp the 'Observer's' ideas, and emphatically denies the vile assertion that he had 44 previously worked secretly against them." The 4 Observer ' is heartily welcome to his own ideas, and much good may they do him. The fact is just this, and my reason for now writing is to publish it for the information of the public. The scheme shadowed forth in my letter of the 31st ultimo is but a re-iteration of the views of the majority of the Grafton League, and not of Mr. E. C. Madgwick at all. I speak this of my own knowledge, having watched the whole course of the Railway agitation from its commencement in December, 1872, to the pre sent time, and I can appeal to the records of the League and the respectable portion of the Press for confirmation. It is utterly false to say, as this- satellite of the 'Observer,' mis-called 44 Fair Play," does say, that 44 certain parties " had tried at 44 the outset of the agitation to use the League for their selfish ends, and strove to have the Clarence terminus at South Grafton ; and that Mr. E. C. Madgwick was the man who in committee successfully opposed it," etc., etc. There was never any such idea but in that per son's own perverted imagination. He would create this bugbear, I remember perfectly well, but it only existed (if it was not merely conjured up for his own supposed purposes) in his own brain ; and his few insignificant followers took up the cry like a lot of parrots. Where then is the 44 piracy " this impudent scribbler basely attempts to stick on to a "certain party?" 44 Curses are like chickens, they fly home to roost and so the 4 Observer ' and his shadow 44 Fair Play" will find "their sins will find them out," and the charges which they so reck lessly fling about recoil upon their own heads. The " piracy " is with themselves. It is really amusing to read of the 4 Observer's ' "well- 3J-: digested principles and opinions," in his own words, in his own columns, for nowhere else will you hear, of such. The only ; wonder is how such trash can be foisted upon intelligent men at this time of day. The readers: (few though they may, be) of the 4 Observer '; must have mighty stomachs if they can digest or even swallow what their providore has already, as he says, well- digested. There is something awfully absurd as well as amusing in the idea. I will now shortly recapitulate the facts of the Railway League agitation as bearing on the sub ject ot my previous and present letters ; and I refer, all enquirers to the minutes of the '.League and the respectable newspapers published con temporaneously. The first meeting was called by Mr. Thomas Page on 5th December, 1872. One of the first objections raised was — where is the Railway to start from on the Clarence, and what point of New England is it first to touch ? To that the League replied in January, 1873, that their object was to promote the construction of the Railway, leaving the points mentioned an open question. The same objection was taken in Parliament when the vote of 100,000 was rejected in that year. In July, 1873, Mr. E. C. Madgwick, instead of attending a meeting of the Com mittee — to which he then belonged — :sent his fellow committee-men a letter, enquiring what had been done, and the course that was pro posed to be pursued. On the nth July, 1873, at a meeting of the Committee, at which Mr. Madgwick was present, it was unanimously re solved to advocate the line from Grafton to Glen Innes, and a Sub-committee appointed (of which he was one) to prepare a petititon to Parliament embodying this policy. The secretaries were also, in August, 1873, instructed to write to the- Mayor of Glen Innes as to the desires of the Grafton League, that the line should be made so as to connect these two points. At a public meeting held in Grafton in August, 1873, Mr. Madgwick seconded a resolution in favor of the line to Glen Innes. His friend, Mr. D. Braham, moved the rejection of the petition for that line, but he was left in an ignominious minority.- Then the delegates were appointed, and Mr. E. C. Madgwick (who was then veering like a weather-cock) drew the attention of the League to 44 the delegates not being sent to New England to advocate any particular line, but that the object was merely to tap that district." In October, 1873, on ffie return of the delegates, the public were informed what had been done by them, as well as of the whole proceedings from the commencement of the agitation, when ,the entire question was clearly presented to the members of the League. Mr. Madgwick's share in the agitation in committee was that of an ordinary member of the League. I tax my memory in uain for any very striking recollection of any notable service he rendered to the cause in the Committee or the public meetings ; but I know his newspaper was full of insidious hits at prominent members, and abuse of the delegates and many others connected with the League. The agitation was comparatively dormant until October, 1874, when your newspaper was started and began to stir up the members. A meeting of the League, followed by a large public meet- iug, then took place, and the movement was set going again. A good deal of obstruction was tried by Mr. Madgwick and his small party, but in vain. Their grand object appeared to be to insult the Mayor of the time (Mr. T. Fisher) ; and at the election following in December, 1874, the same tactics were per- formedas regards Mr. Bawden in connection (amongst other things) with this Railway ques tion. Mr. Madgwick, then aspiring to be a member of Parliament, and forgetting how he had acted on the Railway League Committee, and in public meetings, advocating the line from Grafton to Glen Innes, said he was waiting for the Go vernment surveys to be done before he made up his mind which route to favor. But it is useless going any further. All who, like myself and you, Mr. Editor, have watched this Railway agitation from the outset, know what has been done, and how little real work Mr. E. C. Madgwick has done, and what obloquy and abuse his newspaper teemed with upon the subject for a long time, and how much hindrance he thus threw in the way of the League in Grafton, which has done so much for the cause. These are facts known to all good men and true. Like John Knox, I may say, " Therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list." Yours, truly, COLONIST. Grafton, 8th June, 1875. The 'Cooktown Herald' of the 21st and 24th April are to hand, but. they contain no mining news but the following re specting new reefs — Reefs are being dis covered and opened up every week. One has just been tapped at the Mitchell Falls, sixty miles away from other reefs. Another, opened by two foreigners, shows a leader eighteen inches wide with a tendency to spread, yielding the most extraordinary evidence of richness — over four pounds of gold being washed from the stone in a fortnight. In the other reef there is not a superabundance of gold to be seen in the top level ; yet the prospects obtained show up a rich claim, the men making a good living by washing the rubble from the casings. There is a large number of other reefs in the same region. The great cry is for crushing machinery to arrive, and when it does, we are certain- we shall be able to give some of the highest"' figures on record as regards the results to be obtained. 