STONY BAB STOBE, AND rra I CUSTOMERS. m I Between Stony Bar Store and the riTfl- I many acres of grey rock and boulders J I the smooth polish of centuries by the bL I sometimes unruly band of the Tueumne I had been many a rich pot-hole' in that hid 6 I they were there now, in rock as hard .. 1 shaped as roundly as though cut by a I drill, and too deep to be bottomed by the1'6 1 arm ; but the bright ounces in flakes and Dge,t I which once lay nestled in them, had 1 j been enatehed away by the eager «r ,,J? BUlCfl 1 I « '49.' Fronting the .ton 1« fiton. ' I I to Red Mountain, half a mile distant-la 8 I irregular mass of red crags, which on tbe I would have been topped by a castle. At it»l I the Tuolumne turns at a sharp angle and I appears up Split-rock CsSbn. Nearest tfe„ J/' I was the anoient cabin of Old Junes. The ft I straggled along in succession thus Blood, Bin" Black Harry's, Josh's, and Old Grizzl,! ,? I theae lived alo e, each snail in his own a'.ii AU i Black Harry, who always had a varying' J? I of Kanakas, or Sandwich Islanders, about 1 amoeg whom he ranked as a sorb of kins 00" I Packhard lived on the hill above, about omIT and a half away. Bub George was married « 5 hardly counted as a regular resident. A mitt' a man in those days was regarded as something 1 mystery. 8018 These composed the permanent or winter Bonn latioa of the Bar. In summer, during the river » sou, < fancy miners' came along from ' an But the, left when the Ml rem, cm? bed- claims were drowned out. They renui»5 more excitpment thaa the Bar could furnU ! the winter. Pauly was king of the fancy mi«e>7 He ranked as the hardest and longest hitter from the shoulder in the southern mines, and coS play a very neat and extraordinary gameofpeker ' But he was a gentleman fancy. He never became i uproarious or abusive, worked hard, paid hisdebt# and always warned his opponents in a game tha' i he ' didn't hold himself bound by Hoyle or anv other man.' If an antagonist proved troublesome Pauly intimated that « he should feel called uMn to give him one.' ' One' from his eatapffltic 6 was enough. No one ever called for two. Such was Stony Bar in 1860. It was then an its last legs. 80 was the Bar Store. So were we all. Tbe Bar had been 8 cleaned out' that aeuQB. We were all in debt. We were not so hopeful then as in the earlier and flasher days. In 1850 miners were known to buy a barrel of brandy and keen ig on iree tap in cneir tents, in 1860 many with difficulty could buy a sack ef flour, and it was on free tap for no one. In the fall of 1859 the river rose in September. It should not have risen until December. After sweeping the labour of months down to the San Joaquin, it subsided, and re mained as quisfc and gentle as the brooks of Paradise, until Christmas. The owners of the Mariners' Claim, comprising the entire population of our Bar, had been waiting for three years to turn that piece of river being previously pre vented by back-water from Willow Claim, below. After this freshet, the ' Mariners,' on certain fine days during the early fall, before they had re covered from the shock mid commenced work on their bank digging, wonld unitedly and solemnly visit the submerged claim, sit on a certain log, and systematically swear by the hour. It was not a spasmodic anathematieation. It was slow, measured, deliberate, and with a purpose. First, they broke out against the claim ; then, in succession, they treated the Tuolumne, the county, the State, the United States, the world, lastly themselves. After this the pipes would be re- lit, and the silence of the mild afternoon would be broken only by the monotonous roar of the muddy river, as it swept and plunged over and through their broken dam. Old Jones reported one day, as the ' Marineri' had finished their anathematic choruses on the log, that a San Francisco man was going to take the Hawkins' Bar Store, next season. If lie gives credit, we can clean him out is one summer,' indifferently remarked Josh. It v«s Josh's amusement to walk up to some innocent Chinaman, whose knowledge of English was exfctemely limited, and earnestly ask him if ( it was not hie opinion that man's inhumanity to man had caused countless thousands to mourn?' and when the puzzled Mongolian grinned and replied, ' No shabbe, he would hold him by the arm, and gravely and argumeutatively repeat to him half the Declaration of Independence Josh came once very near beine banged for merely utilising ' a mule. Is was ose of the hottest days m summer, and Josh and two other boy 3 were travelling on foot, packing tools, provision, ind blankets through Bull's Hollow, when a lone mule was espied feeding on the hill side. Josh resolutely put hia burden down, and declared that never, so long as any four-footed creature of that description was ia sight and un appropriated, would he degrade himself by being a beast of burden. Se he caught the mule and proceeded to utilise' it. Nat and Steve protested. This w&e; in 1850, when the popular punishment for horse or mule stealing was death. But Josh woull utilise' that mule. He managed to uack him, and the utilisation went forward. An hoar afterward a rough customer overtook them. He was well mounted, well-armed, heavily bearded, deep- voi red, red-eyed, and there was about him a gei.eral cloud of ugliness. Wh?re did you get that mule from ?' was his abrupt question. Eire a him from Mr. Pinola, at Chinese Camp,' was Josh's ready answer. » ' We:!, Mr. Pinola is the man I want to see. Ho's the — - that's been etealin my stock. That's aiy mule. Y ;:u must go back with -me and identify this ... Pinola.' . - Joah pleaded business ef the mcsfc urgent Chi rac er. He must get on to Yorktown that night. Finally, this most iaopporUme mule-owner oen- seated that' the animal with Josh Vbaggsge should co on io Ybrkfcewc, after which Josh must retorn They mved at Yorktown. „ Josh was oorely » refclexed. He delayed the return trip as long as j p Otsfblo. He tried ihe effect.alhiy op tbe Texan. But it '0 fearjilly LAflShwitW1 Whisky Wit fM- fifty ce&tt; a clora. and, contrary to Josh's hope, the more .... to Josh, ' L believe you are the— tbat afeole my mato»Bip»ot tfw wifciwt. tM'vi r v.... . 7 Plaited » 'erowcf 'of mmere, anS stated the case. T?fiiving him hquor, Josh had only fur Uhed him with increased motive-power for nrki&E; judgment, and that judgment proceeded h'lvneh-like rapidity. A tree was selected; a oe thrown over a projecting limb. The gallows uttsd Josh with frightful rapidity. Yet he was n j An influential friend Btepped in at the '.itinal moment, and, in behalf of Josh, appeased the savage mule-owner with sundry ounces of 8?o<return to Stony Bar Store, now on its last J Thompson rati it.' Thompion was the 1 J man who could succesafully run the Bar mnri) in any stage of its existence. He was a part f the Bar. He had been there sinoe '50,' He knav every rook thereoD, and could guess with tolerable certainty as to the amount of gold which might rtili lie under it. He knew the 'Stony Bar crowd' also, and all their individualities and entrioities. The river traders were in a certain manner feudal lords. The Store was the castle. It was the depot for supplies ; the headquarters for news j the general rendezvous on Sundays and holidays j elections were held there ; strangers stopped there. . Men who could scarcely read or write depended on the storekeeper to settle for tied complicated business matters. All the duat dug en the Bar found its way there. The store keeper maintained style also. He wore a white linen shirt. He kept a well sactdled Hqree or mule. There was an impreesive air of responsi bility about him when he unlocked that green iron safe, and the heavy doors flying back dis closed these buckskin bags of dust, and rolls of twenties.' Ofieaf every foit of lumber in the river claim, and every pound of provision, and every garment worn on the Bar, -ere furnished by him and went long unpaid for. Of such was Thompson, and more ; and although «-via at/VM was oh its last lees, and two>thirds of its shelves were unfilled, and most of its barrels and boxes empty, and he h&d; been the beavieit suf ferer in the drowned-cut ' Mariners', yet he was as ever jovial, careless, and happy, giving away about as much l'quor as he sold. In the long winter nights, when Old Jones, Josh, Black Harry, and Bloody Bill had oanvassed everything past, pre- S 3nt and future, while the hi rain drops bom carded the roof, and ditcheB were breaking and sliding away from the saturated hill- sides above aud below, Thompson wculd tske to his violin, and accompany the line?, ' What can't be cured must be endured/ with an appropriately xnelan oholio air. Old Jones was always at the Bar Store when not at work or eating his hastily- despatched meals of bread, beans, and bacon. Jones wore one perpetually unwesbed grey Bbirt aud a pair of duck pants, tied about the waist by B string, and always seemirgiy jn danger of fall- iag down- He had been more or less drunk since 1852\. When Jones was decidedly in liquor, his legs more than hiB head were affected. They seemed feebly elastic, and kept the observer in a continual state of anxiety as to their further ability to support the upper part of Joner. Thy would ill unison waver, see-Baw, and lurch with hiffl from right to left in a manner creditable to a gymnset, and crazed all speculation as to the real location of Jones's centre of gravity. Yet (hey were never known to give way. They bent, bub never broke. Jonea's idea of the end and aim of existence was simply grub, tobacco, and whisky.' Physically, he W8B a living and defying contradic tion to the total abstinence theory. He drank year in and year out. He drank all he was able to buy. He drank it by the tumbler fai. A privately- prepared bottle was kept at the store especially for Jones. His libations from the decanter in ordinary use were to 3 large to leave any margin for profit. He drank of the poorest and oheapest quality. He was never sick, always at work, always blessed with a good appetite. No one on the Bar ever thought oi ssyiog ' Jones is drinking himBelf to death/ The old ' residenters would have laughed at such an idea. . They had found Jones there in 1852, driuking and mining industriously, making ounce or two daily, and attired in that same old unwashed shirt and string, tied duck pants, and his excesses bad long ceased to be novelties. Delirium tremens had no terrors for biin. fie said the ' enskes' did bother him once, bat he'd got. ussd to 'em He told 'em to go off about their business, and they went/ Jones was a bit of » mei-baieifv and bo once made a door for Thompson. Thompson/ &»d hp, when the job was finished, 'that's a good piece ot work, ain't if ? Well, when I was pleuin on: that bit o' stuff to-day, I planed the hsada eff'a more'u fourteen buodred snakes ! CJ ay, gie us a snorter, won't yer?' One night, ne seid he heard a lot of voices talking near his cabin. Th?y w re planning to kill Thompson and roll (be eore. He got up and weat out goftly, but could ses no one. Still, he hard them ahead iu thf» cUrknsss. And they wouli somehow keep ahead, u he followed the.ii a mile and a half down to Txas Bar, whe i all at once ll ey eeemeu to cress the liver, and were audible the cthr eid", on G-aveyard Hill. Ther,' teia Joncg, 'I etid o myscl', a i.\, only snake-, by thunder I" aud I turned and come home,' ' The beast with ten horns ! humph !' remarked he one evening, the talk at the store Laving taken a theological turn ; why I've seen him lots o' times— know him like a book !' Years before, Patrick Rourke and Jones had been intimates. Paddy would get drunk, and then devote his time and energy to the beating of Jones. At last, Paddy fell overboard from his skiff while crossing the river, and was drowned. " His countrymen gathered, and ' waked him,' after their usual fashion. Jobob was present, gravely and silently improving the occasion by turning into himself successive tumblers of whisky. When l«t«5 liaivl nan niad awbw j si. 1 a MHV until U"» OWTUJ, nttu me 1UI mourner had succumbed, a late walker on' the Bar found two cabins lit up. He looked in one. There in his coffin, stiff and motionless, was Patriok Rourke, with six spermaoetti caudles, half burned away, en either side. The wakers lay sprawled about, giving vent to the stertorous breath of intoxication. He looked in the other cabin — that of Old Jones. O. J. lay on the floor ; at his feet lay a black bottle; in that flamed a eolitary tallow candle. What are you doing there, laid out in that way ?' was asked. Waking myself," said Jones, Paddy's dead, and so am I — dead drunk.' Finally, Jones made a 'small ruse/ and went to San Francisco, The report crept back to the Bar that he had been 1 shanghaed' and put on board a clipper bound for Calcutta. Everyone said that was the last of Jones. LoBg his cabin re? mained shut up. Sometimes a wandering miner wold atray along, and If he desired to east anchor fack on the Bar, Thompson would Bo hini the use of Jones's cabin. For all real "t on jatony Bar, or on any other Bar— and tjieVe are hundreds of such in California— m any - similar unaccountable abaence of tlie owner, naturally reverts into the care and possession of the storekeeper. Of a winter's evening, the boys would often mournfully recall Old Jones and his legs. Because there was an individuality about those legs, Jones was one recollection $ his legs another. No -one ever expected to see Jones again. He had drifted into the Bar's ancient history. ' ! Oae dark winter's afternoon Jcsh put his head out of a prospect-hole which had been dug but, rifeed, scraped, and creviced tor the twelfth time. He spoke in a solemn fashion to Old Orizz'y : There's a ghost, or there is Old Jones coming down the Red Mountain trail. Legs unstable, yet never prostrated/duck pants tied by the same string and tver on the verge of coming off, gray shirt, and Old J ones, were all there after his two years' absence. He went directly to the store, turned down a tumblerful of whisky, took possession of his eabip, and moved alon z the same as ever in his econstomed track of phronio inebriatioa. ! Ano her regular attendant at Stony Bar Store was Bloody Bill, fie was an Englishman, a hard and persevering drinker, one oi the ugliest in facj of the race. his sole expletive for purposes pf deecript on, admiration, indignation, pathos, or any other sen timent-, was ' bloody/ from whence he derived his name. But he seldom spoke. Nor did his eiloncs impress one with the idea of pro fundity. He was intellectually torpid. While others talked, he was content to listen heavily. He seemed not to gather therefrom idea or sug gestion, bnt a sort of inert and stupid wonder ment, such as any on- may suppose a Hottentot might derive from bearing the ' Oratorio of the Creation/ He nsver ventured an opinion He seemed never to specula' e, never to be curicu, never to admire. The oyster cemented to the rook, and simp y gaping for its sustenance, is simply emblematic of Bloody Bill's mentality. Even whisky failed to wake him up. A half-pi t might cause a du'l elow in bis incombustible brain, bnt it. never flsshed or flamed. O d J.mes, in what we termed his fourth stage, when hi# legs were bending like reeds before the hurricane, would quote Shaksoeare, and a tattered coverless copy ot tbe bard was fcj be seen in hiB cabin pro minent between a piece of ruecy bacon and the fioar-sack. But in Bloody Bill's world no poets had put in an appearance. When Old Jones quoted 'Hamlet' lo Bloody B:ll. he was simply a lunatic. Bloody Bill once, while under the influence of liquor, shot a hog. It proved to be oneof Thomp son's, who demanded payment therefor, and was refused, Whersupon Bill was summoned before the bar of jusiici in OniGese Camp. Bill had never been in a difficulty of this sOit before. He had no more idea of the law's operation than bis mur dered porcine victim. Thompson, the plaint ff, was his only friend. He bad been his counsellor for years, and whenever Bill had fallen into trouble it was Thompson who helped him out. As he had done before, so did he in this case. Look 'ere/ said he to Thompson, a little pre vious to the trial : what must I do faabout this bloody muss ?' ' You must get a lawyer to defend you/ replied Thompson. ' Git a lawyer ! I dunno no bloody lawyer ! See hero — you gifc one for me, won't yer ?' So Thompson, plaintiff, mvnaged hi opponent's case as well as his own ; Bloody Bill meantime looking on in a state of hflolesfness. Thocops-n was obliged to reles- fc. Whisky, mere than Bill, had dene the cee. Bib w&b; let .off with a fine of ten dollare and costs, whi?h "Thompson, after all, was obl ged to pay for him, taking Bill's note therefor, and the putics to the suit returned amicably together to Stony Bar j Bill being dis posed to r?gard tbe whcle affair as an interesting though complicated episode in his existence, and in eome doubt whether he or ThomusoH had won the case. George Packhard, another customer, slipped through life wit h very little friction. His keel never grated against rocks. Everything with him seemed oiled and in running order. If the world was cross, aud soar, and oat of sorts, when it came his way, he still preserved bis equanimity. He never went to extremes. He seemed to have found lbs golden mean. He could walk into temptation and coma ut perhaps a trifle shaken, but not bitft-rtd to pieces like some. George had a fatber-in-law, the epitome of restless energy— a man never coatent unless at work himself, and having everyone at work about him— who deemed life to be a hard thing, and if it were not, it was one's duty to make it so. But George lived with him end moved along at the same easy pace. O .e stormy morning be came to the store to borrow a jick-plane. The busy, bust- ing, uncoitroriable fat ner-in-Iaw was waiting for it. Stooy Ba» Srore looked very comfortable that morning. No one would work outside in suoh weather. Josh, Old Jones, Old Grizzly, Bia?k Harry, ana B ooriy Bill were seated about the store, some carding manzanito pipes, some fabricating little men of wire and pasteboard, who, on being put in proper communication with the hot-air current running up the stove pipe, did industriously, energetically, and even at times spasmodically, propel paper saws, grindstones, and other machinery. George sat down, lit his pipe, and realizing fully the charm, peace, and content of the Bar Store on such a rainy day, lent his aid in the fabrication of manzanito pipes and paste board men for three whole days, so that eventually, that stove-pipe from top to bottom presented a mass of busy toilers in the air, while the storm raged without, and the still stormier father-in-law VAflfAfl af Iita bIaw mmJ J .1!L « x . — «u ui b bivw nuu utmuerara eon-ra-iaw at home. Stony Bar Store and its customers are no longer to he found. Two years ago, I travelled over the ground. Only old memories left, and a few graves. Yet how little change! The ragged crests of Bed Mountain Fad hot altered ; the river turns as abruptly as ever at its base, and rolls persevermgly onward. Only gone a . few mites pf men and their houses. Not a ruin left. fj>rea,®e or the Tuolumne had covered their mf 8 fathom deep with alluvium and boulders. l?6u Powerame strewing seeds, and the dresmv «nA6 ®Prnng op on the deposit. A / a„lnce. over all Month after month fnwont 52?n fcreadB thetrail, fast fed- enJ % Mountain. Twenty odd years ago, books of men on that hot, stony waste hi the TKerdLA "A® at the New For lb Mendd, when the news vender brought the fevt- 381116 fchero- day F Nobody left. Just a swoop of civilization's busy wrng, aud it is gone, leaving Moks. mountain. MonWy, pnmeval -Overland ' -V - ; -:S", 1 - i 