OtmBOMELETTER. [From our Special Correspondent, | . London,-September 3.' We are in a state of transit from, a dampy uheeriess/and altogether uncomfortable summer into a tolerable-sort'of anio&m;," The ritQways are doing a good tourist badness, especially the northern lines, and' the exodus to the Continent1 is heavy. I am told that Balmoral is this year rather neglected, much to the satisfaction of Her Majesty and the Boyal household, who enjoy the rare pleasure of being able to at in Crathie Church without being stared at. in fact, one of the illustrated weeklies has turned the tables on the Court, and insinuates that Boyal curiosity with respect to the domestic affairs 0f firaemar is growing inconveniently active. The Queen's visits to gillies' wives and tea-drinking with them were proudly submitted to while they had the charm of novelty, but now some of the upper crust "guidwives" begin to think that Boyal favours of that kind are being made rather cheap. Her Majesty, it is said, does more visitation than the parish minister, and enquires into a great many things — cupboards included— which his reverence dare not hint at. That may be only an ill-natured Cockney way of viewing her interest in the domestic well-being of her neighbours, but she is certainly a pro nounced social reformer. Her motto is " Sanitas sanitatum omnia sanitas," almost as decidedly as it is Mr. Disraeli's. She has also come out as an advocate and patroness of temperance versus total abstinence. Some time back Canon Ellison, Chairman of the Church of England Temperance Society, sent her a memorial signed by the Archbishop of York and the Executive Committee of the Society, praying her to accept the patronage of the Association. Sir Thomas Biddulph replied the other day, not merely con veying the Boyal consent, but expressing a personal preference for temperance to tee to tali em. The letter says:—" I am commanded by tHer Majesty, in reply to the prayer of it that Her Majesty should become the patron of the Society, to say that Her Majesty has already expressed her opinion in favour of the objects winch the Society desires to promote, and con sents to become patron of it, organized as it appears to be on a basis which includes ali who advocate temperance without insisting neces sarily on total abstinence. The Queen trusts that education and the enlightenment of the people, together with improvement of their moral and physical condition, wili gradually do much to induce temperance, and to diminish the evils complained of." BOYAIi VISIT TO SHEFFIELD. The Prince and Princess of Wales are re cruiting themselves at Abergeldie, after a fatiguing week of sight-seeing at Sheffield. There was some anxiety felt in high quarters about the issue of this visit to-Sfceelopolis, for Sheffield had held a big demonstration against the grant for the Prince's visit to India. It was rumoured that local Radicals—some of whom are far advanced in Republicanism—meditated a display of hostile sentiments durng the royal welcome. Very careful arrangements were made by the local authorities, but after all nothing had to be provided against save the universal and overflowing loyalty of the people. The osten sible object of the visit was to open the Firth Park, a splendid recreation- ground about 35 acres In extent, which the Mayor has presented to the town. Though Sheffield has not of itself a Paradisiac appearance, it is girt round by some of the loveliest scenery in the midlands, while for suburban neighbours it has the Duke of Norfolk, Sari Fitzwilliam, Lord Halifax, Lord Wharocliffe, Lord Man vers, Lord Denman, Lord Galway, and the Archbishop of York. These dignitaries of Church and State mustered at the Victoria Station to assist the Mayor and Corporation in welcoming the royal visitors, The Prince and Princess ar rived at half-past 2, and It was past 3 before they reaohed the Mayor's residence at Oakbank. The intervening four hours had been spent in making a gorgeous procession to the new park, receiving an address from the Corporation, responding to it, and formally opening the park. The accounts given of Sheffield on this festive afternoon read like the Arabian Nights with an occasional chapter, of Froissart thrown In. Sheffield has a notion that it was an im portant place, even before it took tosteelmaking. It is perhaps more proud of the feudal and grand Tudor traditioos of the district than of its Bes semer forges or its steam hammers. We are told of the royal procession that it consisted of 37 carriages, preceded by and interspersed with the banners of the Prince and Princess, the Duke of Norfolk, the Borough, the Cutlers' Company, the Master Cutler, the Archbishop, and the Mayor. Then followed the royal carriage, with its escort of 7th Lancers and mounted police. The whole route, which was about two miles in length, was lined with spectators, whose greetings of the Prince and Princess were of the most enthusiastic character. It was in the park itself, however, that the chief scenic effect was found, Entering by a sharp ascent, the procession sud denly rounded upon a pavilion, from which curved wings branched out and fronted an open space on rising ground filled by some fifteen thousand school children, and beyond them more people still. The cannon again saluted the royal party as they entered the park, the pure sweet voices of the children ringing out in the clear air as they sang one or two simple hymns and the National Anthem, followed of course by "God bless the Prince of Wales." Fireworks, illumi nations, balls, banquets, and.saturnalia at large closed the day of welcome. THE pbtnce and the democrats. On the second day the Prince and Prinoess 'were taken on a round of inspection of the great workshops of Sheffield. At the Mayor's esta blishment they witnessed the scooping out of the core of an 81-ton gun, and examined a whole arsenal and smaller weapons in progress. Thence they were conduced to Cammeli's works, where two or three armour plates for H.M.S. Teme raire were rolled in their presence. For an exhibition of Sheffield outlery they had of course to be taken to Rogers & Son's. Here great preparations had been made, and the visitors saw men finishing knife handles out of ivory or stag-horn. Elephant trunks in the rough were scattered on the floor. Workmen were forging dinner knives, penknives, and other cutlery. In the show-room the Prince of Wa^es was presented with a gold-mounted sporting knife, having a crown at one end of the haft and the Prince's plume at the other. The Princess also graciously accepted a lady's com panion expressly made for her, and containing among other things a gold-hafted penknife, a gold bodkin, and a [richly-chased gold thimble. It is stated that everywhere the workmen •cheered enthusiastically, and the Prince was evidently more than gratified by their applause. In lunching afterwards at the Cutlers' Ball, he expressed his feelings in a manner which has been rather dubiously criticised. Responding to the toast of his health and that of the PrinceBE, he said :—" It has been stated, ladies and gentlemen, that Sheffield was demo cratic, but after what we have seen to-day and yesterday its worst enemies would not give it that appellation. It will be my great pleasure in a few days to tell Her Majesty the Queen how strong the devotion of this town is towards her person and her Crown, as has been manifested by the kind and affectionate feeling evinced towards us. We have also been able to visit those great works for which Sheffield always has been and always will be celebrated and known. I speak for the Princess as well as for myself when I say we have not been disappointed at what we saw. We saw those vast engines of destruction for war, and at the same time we saw those marvellous armour-plates which are to protect these shores against an enemy. We have received kindnesses from all on this occasion, and I am glad to have an opportunity of testi fying to the Mayor our high appreciation of them, and of the kind feeling that has been shown to us in every poEsible manner. At the same time, it would be impossible for us to leave Sheffield without also having seen the Master Cutler, and I am thankful that we have had au opportunity of receiving his civility and his hospitality, and very grateful we are for it." THE PRINCE'S VISIT TO INDIA grows day by day a more exciting subject of speculation and goEsip. What with news about the Serapis from Plymouth, about the royal staff and the royal Boswells from Fleet-street, and about the Indian preparations from India, the scheme now figures prominently before the public. Your satirical contemporary the World is every week receiving or devising a new sen sation in connection with the visit. This week it announces that hChlcutta telegram has fallen ■ like, a bombshell cntliA; India Office:—"The j jNizam^ ibfHyderabad positively declines to 'do •honour', rio the Prinoe of Wales on his visit. I Why^ihe Viceroy baa yet to reveal. Does the jNizain «jtard it as beneath his princely dignity to meet'the Heir-Apparent ? Is he jealous of •the legally it may evoke 1 Is it simple pettish neBB, a studied insult, or. a portentous demon stration of the hostility of the. native Princes? iHadthe ex-Guikwarof Baroda indulged in a freak so disloyal to -the British supremacy less importance would have been attached to his vagaries. But the Nizam is a mighty power in ;lhdla. By far the largest of the States ruled by native Princes, Hyderabad is about equal in dimensions to Cashmir, Gwalior, and Indore combined, and the Nizam's subjects compose nearly a third of the entire population of the native dominions under British protection. What wonder, then, that consternation should reign in Downing-street and at Abeigeldie Castle. Cannot Lord Northbrook's influence overcome the Nizam's scruples, or would his Highness delight to mar the royal tour ?" [The telegrams from India contradict this report.— Ed.] There is some heartburning among the specials in consequence of a Bpecial invitation having been given to Dr. Russell to become one of the Prince's guests on board the Serapis. The Daily Neics is put out, of course, and still more the Daily Telegraph, whose junior proprietor flattered him self on being hand in glove with the royal tourist. Mr. Senior and Mr. Meason will in the end be provided for somehow on board the Serapis, but below the salt. I believe that the social distinction conferred on Dr. Russell had something to do with Forbes preferring to stay at home. But he has a very substantial excuse in bad health. The tremendous knocking about he has had for four years is beginning to tell upoD him, and as he saw enough of India during the famine he is not ambitious to go out again. THE DUKE OF EDINBURGH. Prince Alfred that was is being rapidly Rus sianized. He is spending the autumn among his brothers-in-law studying the Central Asian ques tion and recreating himself at the Great Fair at Nijni-Novgorod. The Novgorodite Mercan tile Corporation invited him to a public dinner, and it is said conferred the freedom of the Com pany upon him. The health of the Queen was proposed by Count Kutais, Governor-General of the province, and the substance of his speech was telegraphed to Balmoral. Her Majesty instantly wired back a reply, stating how grati fied she was to learn that the Nijni-Novgorod Corporation had drunk her health. She thanked them for their courtesy, aud sent her best wishes for their future prosperity. The Duke, who wore the uniform of his Russian Uhlan Regiment, pro. posed in Russian a toast to his Imperial parents in-law. He has spent several days inspecting the curiosities of the fair, to which merchants come from the remotest parts of the Russian dominions. The Duke of Connaught is indulging his German proclivities at Berlin, where he is a great favourite with the old Kaiser and the Crown Prince, THE PROROGATION, It is three weeks since Parliament adjourned to the moors, and its feverish existence is so utterly forgotten that I had almost omitted to give you the prorogation speech. A very select number of conscientious veterans in the Lower House remained to accompany the Speaker to the presence of the peers, where Her Majesty was represented as usual by Commission. On behalf of his fellow- Conapissioners the Lord Chancellor said—"We arerommanded to deliver to you Her Majesty's speech in Her Majesty's own words." If this was said to mark the con trast between a genuine Queen's speech and the Gladstonian article running out to the length of a Vatican pamphlet, the preamble was justified. The royal adieu was this year gracefully and even elegantly given:— "My Lords and Gentlemen— " I am happy to be enabled to release you from your attendance in Parliament. " The relations between myself and all foreign Powers continue to be cordial, and I look forward with hope and confidence to the un interrupted maintenance of European peace. " The visit paid to this country, on the in vitation of my Government, by the Ruler of Zanzibar has led to the conclusion of a sup plementary Convention, which I trust may be efficacious for the more complete suppression of the East African slave trade. " I have learned with deep regret that the ex pedition* dispatched by my Indian Government from Burmah, with a view to open communi cation with the western provinces of China, has been treacherously attacked by an armed force while on Chinese territory. This outrage, un happily involving the death of a young and promising member of my Consular Service, is the subject of careful enquiry, and no effort shall be spared to secure the punishment of those by whom it was instigated and committed. " The condition of my Colonial Empire is generally prosperous. Progress has been made in the settlement of questions affecting the Con stitution and Government of .Natal, and I con fidently look for important and valuable results from tne proposal of a Confereuce of the South African Colonies and States. " Gentlemen of the House of Commons— " I thank you for the liberal supplies which you have voted for the public service. " My Lords and Gentlemen— "It is gratifying to me to find that the lengthened consideration you have given to the various Statutes which have from time to time been passed for the preservation of peace in Ireland has resulted in a measure which, while relaxing the stringency of former enactments, is calcu lated to maintain the tranquility of that country. " I have with pleasure given my assent to an Act for facilitating the improvement of the dwellings of the working classes in large towns, which will, I trust, lead to the decrease of many of the principal causes of disease, misery, and crime. I feel sure that this legislation, together with that relating to the consolidation and amendment of the Sani tary Laws and of the laws relating to Friendly Societies, will greatly promote the moral and physical welfare of my people. " it nas anordea me mucn satisfaction to give my assent to two important Statutes for the amendment of the Acts relating to Master and Servant and trade offences, and of the Law of Conspiracy as connected with these offences— Statutes which will, I trust, place the relations of employers and employed on a just and equal footing, and add to the contentment and goodwill of large classes of my subjects. "Among the enactments which you have passed for the improvement of the law, i am well pleased to observe that a comprehensive measure for simplifying the title and facilitating the transfer of land in England has taken its place in the Statute-book; that an Act has been passed for the amendment of the Law of Entail in Scotland; and that you have made provision, by amending the Judicature Act of 1873, for bringing the great changes in my Civil Courts and their procedure which it inaugurated into immediate and practical effect. " The state of public business and the differ ences of opinion naturally arising on a varied and comprehensive scheme have unfortunately prevented you from completing the consideration of the Merchant Shipping Bill, but 1 rejoice that you have been able by a temporary enactment to diminish considerably the dangers to which my seafaring subjects are exposed. " By the Agricultural Holdings Act you have greatly and beneficially enlarged the powers of owners limited in interest to offer to their tenants a sufficient security for judicious outlay upon the farms they occupy; and while main taining absolute freedom of contract, you have raised a presumption of rights under which a new inducement will be given to expend capital upon the improvement of land. " I have every reason to hope that the pro gress of the revenue which has marked recent years will be fully sustained in the present. "The arrangements which you have made with respect to the reduction of the National Debt, and those for the better regulation of loans for public works, will lead to valuable improvements in our system of Imperial local finance. "The enactment for a registration of Trade Marks will supply a deficiency that has for some time been felt in our commercial system. "I trust that the Act constituting a new bishopric at St. Albans may prova advan tageous to the vast population of the diocese affected by the measure. "In bidding you farewell for the recess, I pray that the blessing of Providence may fall on , jcor recent labours, and accompany you In the discharge of all your duties." t -IHS EOIitXACB* DI COtUSIOIT. 1 A very melancholy accident happened' to the , Queen's yacht as it -was crossing with Her Majestyfrom Cowes to Gosport, where the royal! ; party -were to take the train for the North. .According to the Court Circular, issued on the night of the accident (August 18), "when the. Alberta was crossing the Solent with the Queen ■and Boyal Family on board, a sailing yacht ran under the Alberta, wh'ch struck her, and she :went down in a few moments. The Queen, though terribly shocked, gave orders that every effort should bo made to save the persons onboard, but it is to be feared that two have been lost, besides those who were injured. Her Majesty spoke to Miss Peel, the lady who was saved, and made constant enquiries after the wounded, and on reaching Gosport gave orders to Admiral Elliot to spare no efforts on behalf of the sufferers, and to pay every attention to their wants." The yacht which suffered this calamity was the Mistletoe, belonging to Mr. Edward Hoy wood, a Liverpool banker. He had been cruieing in the Solent for several days, and had two of his wife's sisters on board with him. The yacht was standing inforByde when the Alberta passed, and though it has been denied that the captain tried to get as close as possible to tbe royal yacht in order to gratify the curiosity of tbe ladies, a feeling of the kind must have influenced his. steering. The Mistletoe suddenly found herself under the bow of the Alberta, and her helm was ported, but at the same instant Captain Welch, who was in charge of the Alberta, ordered her helm to be starboarded. The attempt to clear each other ended in the Alberta striking the Mistletoe amidships, and knocking such a hole in her that she sank in a very few seconds. The captain, who was an old man of seventy-five, was struck by a falling spar while his men were endeavouring to pull him on board the Alberta, and he sank. Mi3s Annie Peel was being drawn across the rigging which had fallen on the bulwarks of the Alberta when the sinking of the Mistletoe dragged down the rigging and the lady along with" it. The mate got entangled in the same way, or he may have been struck by a spar like the captain. He also disappeared, and did not come up again, so that three lives were lost. Mr. Hey wood, the owner of the yacht, went down with her, bat rose again, and was picked up. He and his sistsr ia-law with the other survivors were takeu by the Alberta to Gosport, where the Queen sent for Admiral Elliot and gave Mr. Hey wood into ; his charge. The gentleman speedily recovered, j and in course of two days was able to give_ evidence at the inquest on Miss Annie Peel and the old captain — a Poole man, who leaves a widow and five children. Every thing that could b9 done at Gosport was immediately carried out at the personal wish of Her Majesty, who delayed her departure for the North until she had learned tbe exact extent of the disaster, and then had telegrams forwarded to her along the line reporting the progress of the sufferers. The Alberta's tender, the Elfin, was dispatched to Ryde for Mrs. fieywood, whose husband was still considered in danger. Divers from the Admiralty Yard also proceeded immediately to the scene of the collision to recover the bodies ef the missing lady and the mate. THE INQUEST. On the 29th August, the day after the acci dent, an inquest was opened at Portsmouth on the body of the captain. The first witnesses were seamen on board the Mistletoe, and some of them relatives of the deceased. John Stokes, a nephew, deposed that they had been over to Roman Fort, and were returning to Ryde when the Alberta crossed their track going from Osborne to Gesport. She was coming right on their beam, and was first seen at three miles distance. In Stokes Ray, when right opposite the pier, they came close together, the Mistletoe being then on a starboard tack, with the Alberta on her larboard bow. The Mistletoe had very little way on, three or four knots an hour, and porting her helm brought her right in front of the Alberta. When appealed to by the Coroner he did not, as an experienced seaman, think that porting thjir helm caused the collision, as the Alberta could not have cleared them at any rate. Samuel Stokes, another nephew of the captain, first saw the Alberta about fifty yards from them, and did not notice that the Mistletoe altered her course. He thought the Alberta should have altered hers, and. that she could have done it in time to clear them. Charles Dayman, cook of the Mistletoe, said he was forward having a smoke when the Alberta appeared two miles off. As she approached they were afraid she woula run into them or at least cut away their boats, but nothing was done until she came quite close, when some of the men told the captain to put the helm down. This witness accounted for the disappearance of the mate. He had been on the forehatch and burned up as the Mistletoe was sinking, but the yacht sank quicker than he could get up the ladder, aud he went down with her. Roth the men Stokes acknowledged that the captain was trying to wear close up to the Alberta; and one of them alleged that this was done under orders from Mr. Hey wood. That gentlemen, however, denied having said any thing of the kind. THE COXSWAIN'S EVIDENCE commenced the second day's proceedings. This man, Henry Brown, deposed that the Mistletoe returned into Stokes Ray on the port tack, and " then stood for Ryde on the starboard tack. She was going about three knots when they sighted the Alberta. He asked the captain if they would dip their flag to her, and was told yes. He went forward to the signal halyard for the purpose when some one shouted "She is coming right into us." "1 looked round," he said, " and saw the steamer close to us. nearly on top of us. Some one called out,' Shore her helm hard down !' and I went and put the helm hard down, and kept it down until the Alberta struck us. I do not know who gave the order, but I thought it was the best thing to do, so that we might receive the blow broadsides. She luffed a little, but 1 did not observe the sails shake." Brown, In reply to questions, said he did not think the captain had been drinking that day. He had never before seized the tiller while the captain was steering, but he often assisted him in rough weather. Mr. Heywood, having given his deposition, asked to have the impression publicly corrected that he had given orders to stand in as close as possible to the royal yacht. " We would have considered it a piece of impertinence to do so. The impression which had also got abroad as to the captain's intemperance was, he said, equally incorrect. He had never known him otherwise than temperate. He was a well- known, steady, respectable man." CAPTAIN WELCH, OF THE ALBEETA, opened the evidence as to what had been done on board the royal yacht. He assumed all re sponsibility for the navigation of the Alberta, though his superior officer, Prince Edward of Saxe Leinigen, was also on the bridge at the time. He had been in the Alberta 11 years, and before that 16 years on board the Fairy. They were running at their usual speed when Her Majesty was on board—15 to 17 knots an hour. Describing the run across, he said that "As far as the centre of the middle shoal we were pretty clear. 1 then saw a yawl coming up from the leeward, apparently as if to cross our bows, and I made the- remark to Commander Fullerton, 'What bad manners these people have in at tempting to cross the bows of a yacht with Her Majesty on board.' I was on the eve of putting my helm to starboard to clear this vessel when suddenly she bore up, drawing a parallel line to us, and I passed her within 25 yards. I had no sooner passed her than I observed a cutter doing the very same thing, standing across our bows. Again 1 was about to put the helm a-starboard to pass under her stern, when she did the same thing as the other vessel. I then sighted the schooner standing out at Stokes Bay, apparently in the direction of Hyde. I was on the port side of the bridge, and remained there watching her. I again made up my mind to pass astern, when tthe schooner kept away and ran very nearly in a parallel line. As I took it for granted that this vessel would remain on tbe course she was going, and having mere yachts to look after on the starboard bow, I went over to the starboard side of tbe bridge, and the fore most funnel then intervening I lost sight of the vessel for a few seconds. I believed she was holding on her course. While standing there I saw the other side of her jibboctn appear before the funnel. At the same moment one of the | quartermasters came to me, touched me bo the . shoulder, andraaid, f The yaohtfelet hbr helm jdown.' Captain Welch and Prince Iisinigen ! both ran to the telograph and'signalled to stop ;the engines, - but it was *' morally and physically impossible to stop the wheels going at the rate they were. Captain Welch answered Mr. Hey wood's assertion that the starboarding of the Alberta's helm caused the disaster. He said:—"I was 'obliged, according to the rule of the road at sea, to put my helm starboard to clear a vessel under sail—that is standing across me as she was. When I saw the schooner her sails were cV.oirir.g- to the wind. Had he or they, whoever managed the vessel, when they formed the idea of crossing our bows kept tbe sails full we should most certainly have cleared them. I should also here remark thatjhad I put my helm a-port, as it is supposed X might have done, I should have been disobeying the rules observed in meeting sailing vessels, and it is also my opinion that I should have gone clean over the vessel." The Coroner questioned Captain Welch about the conduct of the quartermasters on the look-out if no blame attached to them. The captain answered promptly—" No ; if there was any blame I must take it entirely upon myself. There was a man on the look out forward; but I trust to no one. I am the look-out man, and the responsible person, and yon may be sure I do not for a moment relax my vigilance. (Applause.) The responsibility is too great. I never leave the bridge when crossing from Osborne with Her Majesty on board. If I had put my helm to port every body would have Eaid I had no business to do so." Mr. Sleeman, the chief engineer of the Alberta, gave evidence as to the stopping of the engines. They were making about 42 revolutions a minute, but they succeded in stopping with a revolution and a half. A minute after they were signalled to go astern, and they made five or six revolu tions and then stopped. All on board the Alberta then used their utmost exertions to save the people who were floating about. This closed the second day of the inquest, and Captain Welch undertook to produce at next sitting evidence that there was nobody at the holm of the Mistletoe when she first approached the Alberta. DISAGBEEMENT OF THE JURY. On tho fourth day of tbe inquest (August 27) the Coroner, who had latterly been assisted by a naval assessor, summed up the evidence. He expressed his regret that there were so many one-sided manifestations of opinion on the part of the public, and alluded to a shoal of letters he had received reflecting on his own conduct and that of the Jury. At half-past 12 o'clock the Jury retired to consider their ver dict, and spent the remainder or the day over it without being able to come to a conclusion. Twice they sent for the Coroner, and held long consultations with him, but he could not rescue them from their dilemma. After 11 p.m. they returned into Court with the announcement that they could not agree, and the Coroner bound them over with the witnesses to appear at the next assises at Winchester. A statement has appeared in the Times that the Jury would have unanimously returned a verdict of accidental death, but they could not agree as to the pro posed rider awarding censure to individual officers and condemning the rate of speed at which the royal yacht was steaming. At Win chester the Jury will have the advantage of a judicial summing up. SWIMMING ACROSS THE CHANNEL. Now we can raise our diminished head and face even Captain Boyton. An Englishman has beat him hollow in his trip across the ChanneL Without any life-saving dress, any paddles, or even a sail, with the stripes and stars emblazoned on it, Captain Webb has accom plished his tremendous swim from Dover to Calais. He was nearly twenty-two hours in the water, and must have traversed a distance of thirty miles with no artificial aid but a coat of porpoise oil to keep out the cold and an occasional pull at a brandy-and-water flask. The Captain, whose full name is Matthew Webb, is a Liverpool boy, and was brought up in the training ship Conway, in the Mersey. He served his apprenticeship in Liverpool ships, and is a member of the Mercantile Marine Service Association. All through his career he has been distinguished by " noble efforts and success in saving human life." When he went down to Dover, about a fortnight ago, and avowed his purpose of swimming across to Calais, people thought he might get half way aud do something to maintain the reputatio.n of British pluck, but there was not a soul anticipated for him anything like success. He made a start, and after going out of the harbour found the tide unfavourable and returned, which was, all thought, perfectly natural. But on the afternoon of Wednesday, August 25, he went off again. Having coated himself with porpoise oil he took a dive off the end of the Admiralty Pier at four minutes to 1 o'clock. The lugger which accompanied him carried the referees and reporters, while a row boat pulled in front of him with an experienced pilot to show him the course. A second row boat communicated when necessary with the lugger. Alter sunset a referee entered the eacting boat and sat there all night with an eye on the swimmer, who did his work fair and square all through, without allowing the slightest ground for scepticism. From one of the many graphic descriptions penned on board the lugger we learn that" the swim commenced at half-ebb tide, and for three-quarters of an hour Webb's course was S.E. by S. His pace averaged from twenty to twenty - five strokes to the minute. The ebb current earned him as far down Channel as Lydden Spout, but at the same time his powerful and methodical stroke had enabled him by that time to propel himself nearly two miles in a direct line from the land. At 1.45 slack water commenced, and Webb being then fresh he was able with this advantage to increase rapidly the direct distance between himself and the shore. His strokes now averaged 22 per minute, and that speed he continued regularly for several hours. At 2.30 p.m. a little rain fell, but it speedily passed off, and a quarter of an hour later Webb took his first refreshment, consisting of a small cup of ale. At 3 o'clock the flood tide began to be felt, drifting the swimmer to the east, although he continually kept his face direct to the F> eneh coast. At 3.25 it was estimated that Webb was four miles from land, and the sea was as smooth as a pond. Another small cup of ale was handed to Mm at 3.40. At 4 o'clock the fiood tide had brought the Captain back abreast the point at which he started, and in the three hours it was reckoned that he had made a direct ad vance towards the opposite shore of four and a half miles." AN UNCOMFORTABLE NIGHT. About every half hour the Captain made a pull at something—one time bitter ale, next beef tea, then brandy, and towards morning oc casional rips of coffee. At 6 o'clock, when he had been fully five hours in the water, the pilot was able to congratulate him on being the third of the way across. Before 8 o'clock the referee took bis place in the row-boat, when Webb reported himself all right. At half-past 8 the Cape Grisnez light was righted, and the Captain was now good ten miles from the South Foreland. About half- past 9 he was stung on the shoulder by a jelly fish, and the pain disabled him for some.time. It passed off, and Webb reported himself all right again. He stuck to his work bravely till 11 o'clock p.m., " when, on taking the bearings, It was reported that we were eight miles from Cape Grisnez, nine from Calais, and 12£ from the South Fore land. The prospects of success were then con sidered very cheering, and the probability was discussed of the task being finished in 14 hours. In fact, a message was sent to Webb that if he could hold out four hours more he might expect , to go ashore towards Cape Grisnez. Webb was much encouraged, and took some more hot coffee. At 11.50 the Calais mn.il steamer Maid of Kent came out of her course to pass within hail. The people on board heartily cheered. The captain c f the lugger reckoned that Webb was then 13 i miles from the nearest English land. At the turn of midnight the breeze freshened, and the course of the swimmer con tinued, as before, directed towards Cape Grisnez, but changed by the. drift to south- west. From 1 a,m, till 3 no noteworthy incident occurred, except that about 2 o'clock the flood tide again affected the swimmer, and began to shape his course, It was hoped, for the projecting land about Cape Grisnez. At that time the reports of W6bb were not reassuring. The pilot, Toms, was called to consult with Webb, and the re eree reported that he was getting weaker. The, ! dive* prepared bimself, and took bis seat in ■ the row-boat ready for any emergency; A good dose of old brandy was now Administered, and j Webb called out *all right,' and the diver dressed, •again." . ' . A CHEEBIiEBS 6CHBIBE. Captain Webb bad now held out a good deal i more than the four hours which was the limit of his task at midnight, and still he was far from, Cape Grisnez. Just before dawn he gave a bad account of himself, and a message was sent on board the lugger to get hot bricks ready for. him. Strong hot coffee was given him-by his brother-in-law, Mr. Ward, who^ sat in the stern of the boat piloting him. This brought ■ him round again, and shortly afterwards the rising sun gave him fresh vigour. About half-past 5 he got his first sight of laud—a sandy point wast of the village of Sangatte—and bravely, struck for it. The tide was now, however, coming out very strong against him, beating the water in bis face, so that during the next hour he seemed to make no progress. He was driven past S m gatte towards Calais, thus increasing his distance from the shore. Within sight of his goal his strength failed him again, and the diver got ready to pick him up should he give in. A correspondent thus represents this painful part of the journey :—" It was now 7.30 a.m., and Webb had been in the water 18£ hours. He was evidently thoroughly fagged, and much dis tressed by the waves beating in his face. The diver once more got ready, and jumped in, swimming side by side with Webb for a while. Webb took some coffee, and the occupants of the lugger and boats gave him three cheers, which encouraged him. There new appeared to be a chance of touching the sandy shore about three miles from Calais, and the coveted goal looked to be only about a mile distant. The breeze increased, and the lugger hai to tack to avc-id running away from the swimmer. In passing him at 8 o'clock he seemed dreadfully distressed, and the contrary wind and tide were buffeting him sorely. Tlie point at which he was aiming seemed to drop away to the south, and the tide driving bim towards Calais sands left him apparently as far from shore as he was an hour earlier." THE FINISH. The Captain had been expected all the morning at Calais, and when the logger was perceive? off Sangatte boats filled with admiring country men put out to welcome him. The first that came out about half-past 9 gave him a British cheer, which did him good, and then rowed round to the weather side of him, where thoy did immense service in keeping off the heavy sea that beat against him. He had again a chance of getting ashore, though it was small, for his strength was manifestly exhausted, and the tide grew rougher as he slowly advanced. At this time, it is said, "his pale and haggard face told the thorough exhaustion," and the chances were still against him. But with the cheers of Englishmen and Frenchmen ringing in his eare he could not give in. It is said by an eye-witneES that " up to the last the excitement was most painful, for even when Webb was within 200 yards of the shore it was feared his strength would not hold out to reach it. In strict accordance with the arrangements, no one assisted him in the least, but every means were used to cheer him on. On approaching the shore soundings were called out rather more favourable than the facts warranted. The Eng lish and the Frenchmen cheered almost con stantly, and as a last encouragement the rowers pushed down their long oars to show that they could touch the bottom. The excitement increased to the close, and when at last Webb did touch French ground, the men in the boats around him jumped into the water and fairly hugged him with delight.. The news of his approach had spread in town, and a crowd ran down to the shore to welcome him, and a carriage stood on the margin of the water ready to drive him to an hotel. On landing he was very weak, but, as the boatmen expressed it, ' jolly in his talk' up to the end. He was at once enveloped in wrappers, and driven to the Hotel de Paris, where he was well rubbed down, and drank three or feur glasses of old port wine." He went to bed immediately, slept seven or eight hours, dined well, and was able to return to Dover by the evening boat. PUBLIC SUBSCRIPTIONS are being raised for a testimonial to the gallant swimmer. On the Stock Exchange a very hand some sum was collected, and the Captain's fellow-townsmen at Liverpool will have him down for an ovation shortly. The Captain's ambition is said to be a dockyard appointment as swimming instructor to the Navy, and Mr. Ward Hunt, who is a pretty stout man himself, will surely appreciate Hie honour that Matthew Webb has done to the heavy weights. FLIGHT OF ALEXANDER COLLIE. At the third adjourned examination of tho Brothers Collie only William, the Manchester partner, surrendered. Seven minutes' grace were allowed to Alexander, and the officer of the Court called him the customary three times. Mr. Serjeant Ballantine, his counsel, could not explain his non-attendance further that he had not been seen for several days. On the applica tion of Sir Henry James his bail and recog nizances were at once estreated, and a warrant issued for his apprehension. The London and Westminister Bank offered a reward of £1,000 for information which] might lead to his appre hension, but it is shrewedly suspected that the Directors would be sorry to have to pay it. The warrant is in the hands of the same detective who hunted down the Bank of England forgers, and he has gone to Spain to look round. It is now generally supposed, however, that Collie has gone off to Sweden. There is not much pity felt for his bail, it being surmised that they were in demnified before the flight. The other brother, William Collie, was remanded formally for a month, and a person very like him was seen the other day enjoying himself in Perthshire. It was not from the London and Westminster Bank that Alexander Collie fled. The more evidence they produced against him the clearer it became that he had been too clever for them. He.had no direct dealings with the London and Westminster Bank, all the paper he negotiated in London having been passed through bill brokers. The same with the London and County Bank, which had a large amount of Collie paper, for which the Chairman ingeniously excused himself that there was not a angle acceptance of Collie's among it. It consisted entirely of Collie's drafts on good houses—customers of their own or other wise respectably known to them. Of Collie's they professed to know nothing. Then where, it was aeked, did the Collies pass their own acceptances? That account was kept in Edin burgh with the Union Bank of Scotland, who are in for £150,000—all bad. Alexander Collie conducted this account himself In direct cor respondence with the Manager of the Union Bank, and conducted it by means of systematic fraud and misrepresentation. On the Saturday before he disappeared the Union Bank resolved to commence an independent prosecution, and that is what he fled from. THE O'CONNELL CENTENABY. As was anticipated the O'Connell celebration was taken advantage of by the Nationalist party in Ireland to get up a scene in Dublin. In the absence of Lord O'Hagan, on account of the illness of his daughter, it was proposed that the Lord Mayor should conclude the procession of the day by saying a few words from the plat form at Carlisle Bridge, from which Lord O'Hagan was to have delivered his address, and crowning with laurel a bust of the Liberator which had been erected for the occasion on the spot where his monument will even tually stand. This intention was frustrated, however, by the Amnesty Association, who before the arrival of the Lord Mayor drew up their wagon in front of the platform. Imme diately afterwards a large black banner was un filled, bearing the inscription " Still in Chains," and affixed in a prominent position in front of the dais, and a number of men with bannerets similarly inscribed ranged themselves round. Meanwhile numerous bauds kept coming up from all directions playing national airs. Shortly aftewards Mr. Butt appeared on the platform, and was loudljr cheered. In a short time the Lord Mayor arrived, and on ascending the dais met with an equally, enthusiastic reception. No sooner, however, did he attempt to address the assembled multitude a few words of apology ou behalf of Lord O'Hagan than a scene of dis order, baffiing all description, ensued. The crowd yelled, hooted, and groaned, until seeing that it was impossible for him to obtain a hear ing, the Lord Mayor hurriedly left the platform. Mr. Butt and Sir. O'Connor Power then ad dressed the crowd, begging them to preserye \ order, and after a few ^ords from Mr. SnUinm j tho assemblage qtdetiy dispeawgd. . ^ 'f f®HB BAHQUBEt ; i I' S' j ; : The disturbance was ugain renewed, hOWeverj : later in the evening at the- banquet in the £xhi i biiion Palace, over which, th^, Lord Mayor pre sided. . When the Chairman rose'and proposed the toast, -" The Legislative Independence of Ireland/' and coupled with it the same of Sir.C. ; i Gavan IJuffy, loud cries were, immediately raised f for Mr. Butt. The Lord Mayor and several of. : the most distinguished guests vainly endeavoured1 to get Sir Charles a hearing, and a scene ef the utmost disorder occurred, amidst which the Lord Mayor and the clerical dignitaries withdrew. Mr. Butt then rose to speak, and threw the . blame of the disturbance on the Lord Mayor. This led to violent recriminations, and the lights' having been extinguished on the unruly guests the banquet broke up in darkness and confusion. On the same evening another banquet took place at the Trades' Rotunda, at which Mr. Keegan presided. Various national toasts were drunk with groat enthusiasm. In Glasgow the celebra tion led to serious rioting, whioh appears to have been originated by some members of a procession returning from Patrick to Glasgow. Many persons, Including two policemen, were seriously injured. Tho disturbance, was renewed on the following evening, and at one time matters appeared so serious that special constables were sworn in, the volunteers were called out, and soldiers were kept at the barracks under arms, in readiness to act if necessary. Sixty persons have been apprehended, among whom are said to be several Fenian " Head Centres." Punch has expressed the popular verdict on the subject in a telling cartoon, which represents the ghost of O'Connell respectfully declining any more similar ovations in his honour. 