PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience to speak the truth, and, therefore the truth I speak, impugn it whoso list.'' TO CORRESPONDENTS. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Every letter must, be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. He Joe ted communications cannot be returned under any circumstances whatever. To sold Inconvenience and delay to persons interested we have to request that all business communications Including advertisements, orders for the paper, and remittances, be addressed to Woos and Mackinnon and not to rub Editor. Letters and other communications intended for insertion in the news columns should be addressed to the Editor. FLAT, JULY 9, 1875. The debate on the Amending Land Bill was continued last night, when Mr. Godfrey's proposal with regard to leasing was rejected by a majority, including pairs, of 23. Mr. Grant was the only speaker of any note who addressed himself to the subject, and we must say that, as far as the practical value of his remarks is concerned, he might just as well have held his peace. He professes to stand appalled at the results of the system which he did so much first to establish, and then to corrupt. For the leasing Scheme he has no great love, but we gather that, in his opinion, anything would be better than the present state of affairs. He dwelt pathetically on the exceeding wickedness of large estates, which he, by his iniquitous administration in days gone by, did so much to foster and looks for the salva- tion of the country to his most recent hobby-the restriction of the quantity of land legally tenable by one person to 5,000 acres. As to the desirability of reducing some of the large holdings by any fair and equitable process-if such can be discovered we say nothing at present ; but we certainly think it almost passes a joke to hear Mr. Grant, who turned the Land Office into a state of of corruption for the political aggrandisement of his party, protesting in a tardy fit of feigned repentance against the work of his own hands. After having retained office for years by gambling with and squandering the public territory, he is suddenly anxious to stop further aliena- tion when no more good can accrue to him from the process. And to hear him speak, a stranger might imagine that he had been all his life long a martyr to principle. The hon. member for Avoca was good enough to avow his intention of voting for a progressive land tax on the first opportunity. -Anyone who has given this proposal intelligent consideration must have been driven to the conclusion that such an imposition would be as unwise as it would be dishonest. But the idea is popular just now with the unthinking and the jealous -a lamentably large portion of the community-and as long as this is the case we may expect to find " advanced" politicians anxious to gratify the whim, even if the operation involves a little larceny and utter lack of understanding. Mr Grant's mission here- after is to burst up large estates, and to break down monopoly. I " Monopoly " has been a favourite word throughout the debate, and it would be interesting to know in what sense it has been used by the supporters of this leasing scheme. They have protested freely against the monopoly," as they term it, of the large landowners but it appears to us that the charge is no more applicable to them than it is to those who possess only a few acres The difference between the two classes is only one of degree. To talk about any landholder being a monopolist while 15,000,000 acres are still open for selection, appears to us the very height of absurdity. At the present time, the proprietors of the soil in this colony are no more monopolists than the possessors of tea, sugar, or any article of merchandise. We admit however, that the advocates of leasing seem desirous of conferring on them a monopoly ; but a future possibility does not amount to a present fact. If no more land is in future to be sold in fee simple, then it is evident that the owners of the 10,000,000 acres already deceased by the Crown will have a real monopoly of all the freehold estate in the colony. We have already expressed our conviction that the desire to possess a piece of ground they can call their own is one of the ineradicable longings by which our countrymen are possessed, and if the Government at any time refused to do anything but lease, then they would necessarily have to deal with the possessors of the 10,000,000 acres if they wished to gratify it. The result would be a very large addition to the value of all freehold estates. This, we think, is so evident that it requires no proof. Before quitting this subject of monopoly, we should like to ask of the freeholders and monopolists what the proposed lessees would be during the currency of their leases, which, be it remembered, it is proposed to make perpetually renewable? It appears to us that if exclusive possession or sole right of sale constitutes monopoly, then the leaseholders would be just as much monopolists as those who possess their land in fee simple, They could hold against all comers, and what more can the others do 1 To talk about monopoly at present is simply a farce, unless we are to regard the right of possession in that light, in which case we must apply the word to the pocketknife of the schoolboy as well as to the estate of the landowner. In any case, those who de- nounce what appears to be, in their estimation, " the accursed thing," should moderate their language, for monopoly is not yet considered a crime when honestly acquired. We cannot quit this subject without calling attention to its financial aspect. Mr. Langton pointed out that in a few years we shall have to meet liabilities exceeding £7,000,000, and suggested that, instead of continuing to make " ducks and drakes" of the remaining waste lands of the Crown, in furtherance of a policy which ample experience has shown to be a complete failure, we should endeavour to meet the payment in question out of the proceeds of the public estate. The hon. gentleman expressed a firm conviction, that if the 15,000,000 acres said to be still available for settlement were vested in an independent board, with power to deal with them either by sale or lease, in the way most advantageous to the public interests, an amount of money would be obtained in, excess of what can be looked for under the Amending Land Bill which would be sufficient to redeem the whole of our debentures falling due up to the end of 1885. Surely this is no trifling matter. Why should we go on day after day almost giving our heritage to those who refuse to be bound by the conditions of the gift, and who simply laugh at our credulity in imagining that we can by any legislative means secure anything in return for the sacrifices we are making 1 We are enriching a few-partly scoundrels-to day at the expense of the toiling masses who will come after us, to inherit the fruits of our folly and the consequences of our criminal waste. If it is true that our debt may be diminished in tho course of a few years to the extent of one-half, simply by the introduction of purity and efficiency into the management of our Lands department, then we are no better than common robbers worse, in fact, for we are robbing posterity which cannot protect itself, by handing down to it unnecessary obliga- tion if we insist on perpetuating a bad system, simply because it is popular with the dishonest and the thoughtless, and confers a convenient power of corruption on the political party which happens to be in office. We have got rid of the leasing proposal for the present, and must make the best of the system which is thus left to its operation. We do not regret the time which has been spent over the discussion, for we think that the addresses from both sides of the House have convinced many, both inside and outside of Parliament, of the necessity which exists for a radical and immediate reform in our method of dealing with the public lands. The judgment delivered by Mr. Justice Molesworth in the Equity Court yesterday in re Wilson and Another v. Luke, will be highly satisfactory to every respectable newspaper proprietor in the colony j for it was in the interests of the press generally that the proceedings were instituted; and the decision of the learned judge, which restrains the defendant in this action from prating the telegrams which we receive from England, will operate as a protection to the fair dealer and as a warning to dishonest competitors. As Mr. Justice Molesworth correctly stated, these press messages are obtained from Europe at an outlay of £4,000 per annum. Their publication is a matter of necessity and it needs no argument to prove that, in a pecuniary point of view, the outlay is unproductive. The proprietors of this journal are out of pocket between £2,000 and £3,000 every year by this unavoid- able item of expenditure, after making every allowance for the contributions we receive from those members of the Associated Pkbs who receive the English telegrams through this office. The amount of such contribution is, in every case, determined by the status and circumstances of the newspaper which is assessed and as regards the particular journal the Gipps Land Mercury against which the injunction has been obtained, the sum which it declined to pay was only £50 per annum. Prefer- ring to obtain its European telegrams in a surreptitious and improper manner, it has subjected itself to costs which will be equivalent to two or three years' purchase of the telegrams in a legitimate way-. Even taking the most mercenary view of the matter, therefore, honesty is not only the best policy but the cheapest in the long run. There is another newspaper published in Sale, the Cairns Land Times, the proprietor of which is a, member of the Associated Press, and a contributor to the cost of obtaining English telegrams but of the clandestine practices of his local contemporary had been suffered to pass unchecked, this gentleman would have had good cause to complain of an act of injustice having been done to him, and of being improperly handicapped in competition with his rival Thus it will be seen that in prosecuting a suit of this kind, we are in reality, conserving the property of every upright journalist, and calling in the assistance of the law to repress the nefarious tactics of the unscrupulous We may also add, for the information of our provincial brethren, that we are anxious to extend as widely as possible the area of contributors to the fund for procuring English telegrams, not with the view of lessening or lightening our own share of the burden, but in order to enable us to reduce the amount of the contribution which each newspaper subscribes If, for example, the number of those contributing 36 per annum were doubled, it would be practicable to lower the subsidy received from each to the extent of fifty per cent 1 real ventures in provincial journalism are making their appearance every month, and by the co-operation of all an enterprise of this kind, each could calculate upon minimising his expenditure in that department of his paper, which must increase in interest and importance year by year Tor, on the ramifications of that fine network of telegraphic wires, which discharged the same functions for mankind as the nervous system does for the human body, become more extensive and minute in. all parts of the world, and as the method of communication are simply fied and cheapened, telegrams will occupy a still larger space in the columns of newspapers, and will be looked for with increased avidity by the public So that the journalist who omits to keep well abreast of his rivals in the matter of telegraphic intelligence, will be liable to be distanced in the race for honours and emolument A number of gentlemen have once more waited upon the Government with respect to the measure necessary to put the various fire brigades throughout the colony on a permanent footing. They received, as might have been expected, the stereotyped answer-Mr. Kerferd would consult his colleagues." Now, it will be remembered that, owing to the absence of any equitable arrangement for the distribution of the cost attending the maintenance of the Melbourne brigade, the insurance companies, during the latter half of last year, threatened to disband it, and leave the metropolis without any protection whatever against fire. A deputation waited on the Premier in October last to represent the state of the case, but then one of the difficulties in the way of doing anything was the late period of the session. We do not regard this as a valid excuse for neglecting a matter of such moment ; but without pressing this point, surely it was not unreason- able to suppose that the subject would be dealt with immediately after the next meeting of Parliament. Instead, however, of having a bill ready for submission to the House, Mr. Kerferd, after about nine months for consideration, requires " to consult his col " leagues." If it had been anything connected with the existence of his Ministry, and not merely a question which involves the non-political interests of thousands, we venture to say that the hon. gentleman would have " consulted " his colleagues" long before now. There was another excuse, however, which the Premier put forward last spring for not dealing with the matter, viz., the difficulty of devising some method of levying rates to compensate owners of property whose houses may be pulled down to arrest the progress of a fire. We regret to see that the gentlemen who are interesting themselves in the matter, have not attempted to solve this problem. At the meeting on Wednesday, the following resolutions were passed, amongst others, as the bases of the proposed bill : " That the " entire responsibility of removing or " destroying buildings be left in the " hands of the officers of every brigade," and " that damage occasioned by mem " bers of any fire brigade in the due " execution of their duty shall be " deemed to be damages by fire within " the meaning of any policy of insur " ance." This might suit the purpose of the insurance companies, which are interested in confining fires within the narrowest compass, but is an uninsured man to have his house pulled down for their benefit and that of other uninsured property holders, without receiving any compensation whatever ? Some will probably say, " Let all " insure;" and no doubt it would be for their benefit to do so ; but it is not to be expected that Parliament should legislate in such a way as to throw business into the hands of the companies. It must be left optional with mon whether they will insure or not; and consequently it is absolutely necessary to devise some means whereby the house owner whose property is destroyed in the interests of his neighbours or their assurers, should be compensated at the expense of of those who have benefited by his loss. In an article which appeared on the 12th October last, we went fully into this question, showing how an adjustment between the different interests might be made, and to that we must refer our readers for details. We considered -1. What principle should determine the amount of compensation fairly due to a man for the discretionary destruction of his property in the interests of others? 2. How can this amount be arrived at? 3. How can the funds necessary to meet the awards be raised? These points appear to us to embrace the whole affair, and we think it would be found that the conclusions arrived at contain a solution of what appears to be considered an insurmountable difficulty. Among the items of news recently received from New Zealand we find the following : " It is understood that the " several banks in the colony have entered " into arrangements which bind them to " adopt uniform rates of interest." That such an arrangement would take place sooner or later was only to be expected. It will be remembered that not very long ago one of the Melbourne banks doing business in New Zealand was alleged to have broken through an agreement that had existed for some time amongst the managers. Whereupon Mr. Murdoch, in a fit of temper, and forgetting that bankers Uko children should never let their angry passions rise," determined to carry the war into the enemy's' camp. Accordingly Melbourne was astonished one fine morning by finding an advertisement in our columns setting forth that the Bank of New Zealand, out of its abundant liberality, had determined to raise its rate on deposits to 5, 5, and 6 per cent., accord- ing to the term. The news fell like a W bombshell in every bank parlour, and great was the confusion that ensued. The immediate result was to break up the solemn league and covenant which had existed for years in this city, for the purpose of regulating the interest on money ; but it was not long, we believe, before a reconciliation was effected between the high contracting parties, and a fresh alliance, offensive and defensive, entered into, having for its object the more effectual harrying of the outside Philis- times. No doubt it was a touching scene -" brothers-wo-aro-all-in-tho-wrong" sort of business and no one can help feeling gratified that it has been repeated in New Zealand. Unfortunately, however, it is hardly calculated to give one a very exalted idea of the wisdom that regulates financial affairs in the colonies. Any alteration in the rate of discount and interest is sure to be fraught with severe consequences to many and, to a greater or less extent, is felt by the community at large. A high rate for deposits usually means less enterprise and diminished employment. It is scarcely satisfactory, then, to think that the great power exercised by the bank managers is sometimes used for the purpose of avenging real or fancied wrongs, and spring rival institutions. We are charniou, of course, when they " kiss and make Monds ;" but we cannot, unfortunately, altogether escape the effects of their squabbles. The discussion on the leasing question was brought to a conclusion in the Legislative Assembly yesterday, when the amendment proposed by Mr. Godfrey, having for its object the stoppage of all further alienation of Crown lands save under a system of leases, was negatived by a majority of 39 to 10\. There were also four pairs, and two or three members who are known to be in favour of leasing were not present, and had not paired, leaving the actual number in favour of that system just as we stated in yesterday's paper. The only speech delivered last night which attracted any attention was that of the Hon. J. M. Grant, and he confessed that he did not care much for the leasing system, but that his object was to stop the monopoly in land, and to assist in bursting up the large estates. The further consideration of the Land Bill will be continued on Tuesday next. Sir James M'Culloch, in the Legislative Assembly yesterday evening, called the attention of the Premier to the charge made against Judge Dunne of having been under the influence of liquor while presiding at the County Court, in Maryborough, on the 9th June. He pointed out that no satisfactory explanation had yet been made public, and that in a case affecting the dignity and purity of the bench the most searching inquiry was necessary. No mere denial or medical certificates could be regarded as affording a satisfactory answer. Mr. Kerferd laid on the table all the documents connected with the case, but omitted to state whether the Government regarded the charge as satisfactorily answered. The papers, which are published in full elsewhere, comprise the telegrams which had passed between the clerk of the court at Maryborough and the Crown Law department respecting the indisposition of Judge Dunn, that gentleman's own explanation, and the medical certificates of Messrs. Laid man and M'Gregor, of Maryborough, and of Mr. Gillbee, surgeon, of Melbourne. The substance of Mr. Dunne's explanation was published some days ago. He denies the charge of being under the influence of drink. He states that while sitting on the bench be suffered intense pain, and upon two occasions took a considerable dose of chlorodyne in water. Mr. Gillbee, in his communication, mentions that it was against his advice that Mr. Dunne proceeded to Maryborough, as he considered him in a dangerous condition, and not fit to under- take the duties of the bench. The kidnapping expedition of Father Dalton, S. J. is not to be allowed to go unques- tioned. Mr. G. P. Smith has given notice that on Wednesday next he will call the attention of the Attornoy-General to the seizure of two children by the Rev. Mr. Dalton, and their detention at his instance in the Catholic Orphan Asylum at Emerald bill and ask by what authority this was done, and whether the Attorney-General intends to take any steps in reference to the said children, or to prevent a similar misuse of an institution assisted by the state in future. We trust the Attorney-General will by his answer show that the Government are determined to put a stop to such nefarious transactions as that alluded to. Some discussion took place in the Legislative Assembly yesterday on a point of order as to whether, when an hon. member had called the attention of the Government to a particular question, and had made a statement, he was in a position, in order to enlarge the scope of his action, to invite a debate by moving the adjournment of the House. There seems to be no standing order bearing directly upon the question, but the Speaker ruled that such a custom was contrary to Parliamentary practice During last session the Standing Orders Committee was asked to express an opinion upon this point, but declined to do so. Last night it was contended that any member had a right at any time to move the adjournment of the House, and it was ultimately decided that the Standing Orders Committee should once more be asked to take the subject into consideration. There can be no doubt but that in the Legislative Assembly the practice of calling the attention of Ministers to certain subjects, and making long speeches upon them, and also of moving the adjournment of the House upon the most trivial occasions, has been grossly abused. In the House of Commons this is not possible, because a member so offending is at once coughed or hummed down. Here such a course cannot be pursued, and therefore the Speaker is deserving of every support when he endeavours to keep the loquacity of members within reasonable bounds. In the Legislative Assembly yesterday, in reply to questions by hon. members, it was elicited that the Joint Parliamentary Buildings Committee- were responsible for the recent attempts to improve the lighting and ventilation of the Assembly chamber that his *'"'-m^e at the gates on the Government RfSjvays was always given to men who had been injured in the Government service, and were in destitute circumstances ; dozens of such men were now waiting for this kind of employment, and Maurice Hayes had been dismissed from the care of a gate because he was not in destitute circumstances, but had 150 acres of land since 1871, and also a lot of cattle that no trial survey of the proposed line from Traralgon to Bairnsdale could be made until Parliament had voted funds for the purpose that tenders would very shortly be invited for a state school at Back Creek, Spring Plains that it was the in ten tion to erect two half-time schools, one on Mr. Garvey's selection, and one on Mr. Walker's selection, at Glenmaggie that the compulsory clause of the Education Act had not been enforced to the utmost because, as yet, there was not sufficient accommodation; steps, however, were being taken to enforce that clause wherever practicable in the future that the man Duncan Comrie, who was sentenced to seven days imprisonment for indecently exposing his person, was released before the period of imprisonment had expired because the evidence did not disclose the commission of the offence contemplated by the act of wilfully and obscenely exposing his person ; -that the Premier did not know of any usage or custom relative to members of a Government permitting their names to be used as directors of a mining company ; he became a director of the Sons of freedom Gold Mine, Chiltern, before he occupied his present position, or was Attorney-General ; when he found the use that had been made of his name, he at once withdrew it. Our readers will have seen that a breeze in more ways than one has been occasioned by the operations of the amateurs who have so kindly undertaken the lighting and ventilation of the Assembly chamber. Long before they commenced to try their '"prentice hands' we warned them to beware of what they were about. On the 20th July last, we showed them that before sending any more money to keep company with that which had been already thrown away, they had better determine the conditions of the problem they had to solve. We said that it might be laid down as an axiom "that it is impossible to keep the air in a crowded chamber as pure as that outside, or in an ordinary room, without producing as much discomfort and injury to health as arise from the inhalation of vitiated air. The only way to keep the air pure is by rapid circulation, which produces draughts, against which there is an immediate outcry. ... It matters not whether you force cold air through the floor or draw off the heated air through the ceiling by means of the light- ing apparatus, as suggested by Mr. Woods, the result must be the same, viz., a strong current, causing colds, and coughs, and rheumatism, and other fearful abomina- tions." We likewise warned the modest gentleman who took the matter out of the hands of the Public Works department, that the ventilation of halls where large numbers of people congregate cannot be carried beyond a certain point, and that in attempting to accomplish too much, they were in danger of doing more harm than good ; but it is evident they thought otherwise, and we see the result. The money of the country has been lavished for no other purpose that we can see than to multiply deaths by storm and tempest. So much for amateur engineer, ing. A petition was yesterday presented to the Legislative Assembly from the trustees and committee of the Kyneton Mechanics' Institute, praying that they and similar bodies might have power given to them in the Land Bill to lease such portions of the land granted to them as might not be immediately required for institute buildings. The board of official visitors to the Kew Lunatic Asylum having been appointed by the Chief Secretary to investigate the charges made against Ellen M'Kee, a female warder in the institution, assembled at the asylum yesterday morning, The members present were Mr. J. T. Smith, M.L,A.¡ Drs. Youl, Barker, and Campbell. Ellen M'Kee did not attend, but a letter was received from Mr. Gaunson, her solicitor, demanding a copy of the charges to be preferred against her, and also desiring that he might appear on behalf of his client After some consideration it was decided to forward the letter to the Chief Secretary, with a recommendation that a copy of the charges should be forwarded to M'Kee, so that she might be in a position to prepare her defence. The representatives of the press were not admitted to the meeting of the board, as such a course is contrary to the regulations unless specially ordered by the Chief Secretary, and that had not been done in this case. Mr. Justice Molesworth gave his decision yesterday in the copyright suit of Wilson and Others v. Luka. The plaintiffs, the proprietors of The Argus, sought to restrain the defendant, who is the proprietor of the Gipps Land Mercury, published at Sale, from are publishing the European telegrams that appeared in The Argus. It was alleged for the plaintiffs that though the telegrams did not appear as such in the Mercury, yet they were colourable copies from The Argus that the plaintiffs expended a large sum to procure the intelligence, and were therefore entitled to be protected in their property. The defendant asserted that there could be no copyright in news, that he had employed an agent in Melbourne to send him the town talk from Melbourne, and that as such the intelligence was published. Mr. Justice Molesworth held that the plaintiffs were entitled to be protected in the copy- right of that which they had been to very great expense to procure, and on the evidence he came to the conclusion that the defendant's case had not been made out. He said if the defendant's case were as represented it would be as if gas had escaped into the air and anyone could appropriate it but he was of opinion that the evidence showed that the defendant had tapped the plaintiffs' pipes to take the gas. He therefore granted an injunction to restrain the republication of the telegrams by the defendant in the Equity Court yesterday, an application was made for the appointment of a new guardian to a lad named Rickard Punch. The boy, who had been allowed by his mother to grow up with scarcely any education, was removed about two years ago from her control, and placed, by direction of the Equity Court, in the care of Mr. M'Connell, the state school teacher at Epping. The mother had lately died, and the boy's half-brother yesterday asked for his removal from M'Connell's custody, as he was not making that progress in education that he should have done. Mr. Justice Moles- worth said that he had lately examined the boy and found him to be absurdly ignorant in fact, although the lad was now nearly 16 years of age, he did not know as much of the majority of children at eight The boy was now entitled to £300 a year from property, and when he came of age he would receive £1,000 a year. Under those circumstances his Honour decided to remove him to another school. His Honour at the same time intimated that he did not cast any imputation on M'Connell, who, he said, had had very unpromising materials to work on, owing to the neglect to educate the boy when he was younger. A suit has been commenced by the eldest son of the late Michael Dawson to have his father's estate administered under the direction of the Court of Equity. It is stated in the bill that the value of the property left by thedeceased.whodied intestate, was£300,000. Yesterday Mr. E. G. Fitzgibbon was appointed guardian, for the purposes of litiga- tion, to the two children of the deceased who are under age. The adjourned general meeting of the creditors in the estate of McEwan and Co, of Swanston-street, wholesale grocers, was held in the Insolvent Court yesterday, Mr. K. H. MacDonnell, chief clerk of the court, presiding. Mr. Jacomb, official assignee of the estate, withdrew the protest no had entered at the meeting held on the previous day, to the effect that it could not proceed with business in consequence of the meeting of Monday last having been illegally adjourned. Mr. Braham, as proxy for Mr Edward Douglas Greig, then moved that Mr. Stanford Chapman, of the firm of Virgoe, Son, and Co should be appointed trustee, at a remuneration of 5 per cent upon the gross assets realised, and that all moneys received by him should be paid into the London Chartered Bank. The motion was passed unanimously. It was also proposed and carried that Messrs. Saul Joshua and E. D. Greig should form a committee of inspection of the estate, and the meeting then closed. At the meeting of the committee of the Benevolent Asylum held yesterday, a letter was received from the Undor-Treosurerst&ting; that the Treasurer had been informed that inmates were sometimes buried from the asylum by their relatives or friends, who employed hearses and coaches and other expensive paraphernalia for the burials. The letter also stated that the Treasurer wishes to have the opinion of the superintendent as to whether the removal of the institution to a distance from Melbourne would have the effect of lessening the number of in mates of the asylum. The superintendent was instructed to reply that It such funeral as had been mentioned had occurred during the present year out of a total of CO inmate who had died and also to say that by the removal of the asylum to a distance from town, the number of inmates would probably be reduced 10 per cent. The usual monthly meeting of the council of the Victorian Academy of Arts was held on Tuesday last Present Mr C Earles (in the chair), and Messrs Lord, Johnston Mackennal, Curtis, Rielly, Scurry, Nelson Mason, Van den Houten, Mrs Parsons, and Mr Gibbes, the secretary. The correspondence from members intimating the space they should severally require for pictures a the Melbourne and Philadelphia Exhibition having been read, the secretary was instructed to apply to the commissioners to COO square feet in the name of the academy The council then addressed themselves to the subject of at once establishing a life school, and after considerable discussion Messrs Earle, Scurry, and Johnston were appointed a sub-committee to make immediate arrangements and to report progress to the next meeting of council A number of members present signified their intention of subscribing to and attending the school when opened The receipts at the exhibition room were reported as being satisfactory, and the meeting then closed We understand that it is the intention of the Minister of Public Instruction to have photographs taken of the principal state school buildings, for the purpose of for warding them to the forthcoming Philadelphia Exhibition The examination instituted and conducted by Mr I Warren Ball, as a preliminary test for candidates for the matriculation examination shortly to take place, was begun yesterday morning, at 9 o'clock, in the lecture hall of the AthenEum, which just served to accommodate number entered, nearly 40 Mr. Frank Shew, MA., had charge of the room during the greater part of the day, the subjects taken being Euclid, Latin, and English for the first subject 20 sat to work, the majority being ladies, for the second, about half that number, and for English, nearly all Every candidate had a separate table, placed at a distance from the others, and the questions were put by means of printed papers, as at the examination held at the University A meeting of the Council of the Victorian Rifle Association was held at the Port Phillip Hotel on Thursday, July 4 Present Lieu tenant Christopherson (in the chair), Major Trythall, Captains Gane and Blannin, Messrs T Draper and S Draper The business was of an ordinary character. On the motion of Lieutenant Christopherson, the General Committee were empowered to call for tenders for the erection of four more targets at the butts A letter was read from Captain Twycross, E H A, desiring the council to accept his resignation as a member of the council of the V R.A , as he found it impossible to devote the time necessary to a proper discharge of the duties required. The resignation was accepted. Mr. Archibald McFarland, of the Metropolitan Rifles, was appointed in his stead. Mr D Anthony, master of the schooner Don, on behalf of himself and the mate and crew of the vessel which was wrecked at Point Lonsdale on Friday last, wishes to return most heartfelt and sincere thanks to Mr. W. Richards, signal master at Point Lonsdale, for the great kindness shown to them, and for the food and shelter with which they were so liberally provided. The following return shows the number of letters packets and newspapers received at and despatched from Victoria per P. and O royal mail steamships during the months of May and June, 1875 Received per Nubia 11,501 letters, 0 080 packets, 81 COI newspapers despatched per Nubia 3D 187 letters, 1512 packets, 41 815 newspapers total, 81,518 letters, 7,592 packets, 123 506 newspapers The Board of Land and Works yesterday accepted the following tender Venetian blinds for new Custom house, Moubray, Lush, and Co, £231 18s 9d We are glad to state that Mr. Manning's health continues to improve, though very gradually Even under the most favourable conditions, his restoration to health will take along time Mr Call, P M, gave his decision yesterday in the case of 2 he Customs v Binda, in which the defendant was charged with importing indecent microscopical photographs, attached to pipes and cigar holders On Monday the Bench ordered the forfeiture of the goods, but postponed the decision as to whether a money penalty should be also imposed Yesterday, Mr Call said that the case seemed to be different from that of Oppon Reimer, recently before the courts, and a fine of £100, with £12 12s. costs, would be inflicted Mr Wrixon asked whether it was for importing or exporting that the Cue was imposed, as there were two counts in the information. M Smyth said he would take the penalty as for importing, and the fine was then imposed in that way. Mr. Wrixon gave notice of appeal At the City Police Court yesterday, John Matthew Boland was charged on summons with altering a minute book of the Pioneer Life Assurance and Benefit Society with intent to defraud, and also with embezzling sundry very small sums belonging to the company. Boland was the manager and a director of the company. After hearing the evidence on the charge of falsifying the minute book, Mr. Sturt, P M, committed Boland for trial at the Central Criminal Court on the 15th inst, allowing bail in £100 The hearing of the charge of embezzlement was postponed till to day. At the Fitzroy Police Court yesterday, before Messrs. Templeton, P M, Bennett, Kneen, and Marsden, Abraham Levy, of Gertrude street, pawnbroker, was sued by Anne Collins for the illegal detention of a diamond ring It appeared that the ring was pledged about 18 months ago for Si, and that early in June last plaintiff went into the shop and asked to see it Levy brought it to her, when she took out her purse, and looking in it said she had not enough money to redeem the ring, but would call in again for it. At this moment defendant was called away to the back of the shop, and, according to his account, when he returned Miss Collins and the Bug were good though she said she left it on the counter. A few days after wards a boy was sent to Levy's to ask for the ring and tendered £4 but Levy told him he had not seen it since Miss Collins was there, and refused to take the money. Plaintiff s SfSter subsequently went to the shop and asked defendant for the ring, and Levy then informed her, she stated, that when her sister loft he had ticketed the ring and put it behind a looking glass, and that it must have fallen behind the counter, as he could not And it This, however, Levy totally denied, and said his reason in not at first accusing Col. line of stealing the ring was that she and her sisters were good customers, and he thought he could better afford to lose the war than their custom ; but he had subsequently charged her with the theft Mr. Chambers appeared for the plaintiff. Mr. Edwards, who acted for the defendant, submitted that as defendant had not the ring in his possession on July 2, the date mentioned in the information, he could not, by the 37th section of the Police Offences Statute, be sued for its illegal detention, though plaintiff might have an action against him for trover in another court. The presiding magistrate coincided in this view, and dismissed the information with a guinea costs. John Clark, of the Croxton-park Hotel, Northcote, was charged at the Fitzroy Police Court yesterday with allowing dancing to take place on his premises on June 22, with out having a permit for the same. It was proved that a dancing party, which had been advertised by placard, came off at the house on the night in question. Defendant said the dancers were only members of his family and three or four boarders, though h acknowledged that they were admitted b ticket. The presiding magistrate pointed out that the offence must be dealt with by the licensing bench, and informing defendant that his licence was liable to b forfeited, ordered the case to be struck out. One of the crew of the ship Loch Rannoch lying in Hobson's Bay, died very suddenly on Wednesday afternoon. The sailmaker William M'Leod, was hanging some pumpkins under the gig, lying on the skids, and was reaching up for that purpose, when h suddenly fell down, and a few minutes after: words expired. At an inquest held a Williamstown yesterday, the evidence of Mr. Figg, showed death to have resulted from rupture of the heart The jury returned a verdict accordingly. Sandridge has lost another of its leading citizens, Mr. T. H. Ariell, of the firm of Swallow and Ariell, having died somewhat suddenly yesterday morning. The deceased had been confined to bed for a fortnight, but his favourable condition last Saturday even in g allayed the alarm which had been previously felt for his safety. On Sunday he underwent a considerable change for the worse, and he expired yesterday morning Mr. Ariell was a member of the local school board of advice, but did not otherwise taken prominent action in public affairs. He was very much esteemed in private life. The second of the series of lectures 01 modern Church history was delivered a the West Melbourne Presbyterian Church last evening, by the Rev. J. G. Stobbs, M. A. the title of the lecture being John Kno; and the Scottish Reformation." There were about 100 persons present. The reverend lecturer briefly traced the principal incidents in the career of the great reformer, and adverted to the fact that an absurd error had possessed the minds of many during the present day, who believes that John Knox was the founder of the Reformed Church in Scotland, while at the date of his conversion to Protestantism much had already been accomplished for the Reformed Church. Knox was a great factor in the development of Scotland's religion, but it was an anachronism to suppose that he was the originator of that religion. The Reformation had commenced in Scotland before Knox placed himself at the head of affairs, but it was due to him alone that religion was hallowed and reverenced in Scotland at the present day. The lecturer, in concluding, observed that he could not agree with those who blamed the great re- former for his sternness and implacability, which amounted almost to fanaticism. He was stern and resolute In character, but at the same time conscientious and manly, and it was his great self-reliance and nobility of character which enabled him to accomplish the great work he had undertaken. The lecture was attentively listened to throughout, and at its close a collection was made in aid of the building fund of the church tower. The horses Peacock and Batchelor were scratched for the Geelong Hurdle Race yesterday. Batchelor was much fancied by some good judges, but having hurt himself while at work the pen was run through his name. A meeting of the members of the Melbourne Football Club was held last evening, at Oliver's Cafe, for the purpose of electing office-bearers for the present season. There were about 40 members present Mr. C. Forrester was elected captain, and Mr. It. Gillett treasurer. Mr. Cummins, the former secretary, having tendered his resignation, it was accepted with regret, and Mr. W. Freeman was elected in his place. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Cummins for his services. Mr. Munro was elected secretary for the second twenty. With reference to a paragraph in Th& Argus on Tuesday, copied from the Avoca Mail stating that Messrs. Ecroyd and Danby, in forwarding to Mr. J. K, McLean, of Avoca, the sum of £100 on account of the surplus in his estate, had at the same time apologised for the hasty manner in which proceedings had been taken, Messrs. Ecroyd and Danby wish us to state that they did not apologise, simply because there was no occasion for so doing. A letter from Mr. McLean to Messrs. Ecroyd and Danby confirms the statement A meeting of the central committee of the Land Tax League was held last evening at Stutt's Hotel, Bourke-street, Mr. J. J. Walsh in the chair. It was resolved that a united deputation from the central and several branch leagues should wait upon the Government and urge the adoption of a system of a graduated tax upon "landheldinmonopoly." Mr. Mirams was appointed hon. secretary, and directed to ascertain when the deputation would be received. A fire which destroyed a shop in Stanley, street, Collingwood, occupied by a Chinaman named Sam Ah Look, and other premises adjoining, on the evening of Sunday, the 4th Inst, was the subject of an inquest held yesterday by Mr. Candler. The premises belonged to James Hobson Turner. When the fire was observed the door of the China- man's shop, which was found to be secured with more than the ordinary fastenings, was forced in. Ah Look's stock of fancy goods was insured in April last for £300 in the National Company. On the 3rd May there was a fire in the shop, which did not do much damage, and which appeared to have originated under the shelves near the floor. The Chinaman claimed £7 or £9, but the claim was settled for £5, and Ah Look cancelled the policy, and afterwards, through a broker, reinsured for £100. After the present fire, Ah Look said it did not begin in his shop, and made a claim. Mr, Macredie, secretary of the National Company, was surprised at the value put on the goods, and asked how it was made up, and Ah Look said £270 worth of it was what he had bought from a man at the foot of Smith-street, whose name he did not know. He was a Christian, and attended the Brunswick-street Chapel. He showed a neighbour before the fire some of his stock, including jewellery, and said he had £300 worth in the shop. Several watch chains and lumps of metal, which AhLooksaid were gold from the jewellery, were found in the debris, but on analysis the chains and metal were found to consist of brass, lead, and German silver. The adjoining premises destroyed were occupied by John Shadforth, George Stewart, and Mrs. Pleasants. Shadforth was insured for £50, but his loss was £100, and the others were not insured. The buildings were insured in the Liverpool and London and Globe Company for about £600, and all belonged to Mr. Turner, fellmonger. The jury found that the premises were destroyed by fire, but that there was no evidence to show how the fire originated. At the meeting of the Richmond Town Council last night, a letter was read from Mr. A. B. Malleson, asking permission to plant four or more elm trees opposite his residence, in Church-street, and inquiring whether the council would contribute half the expense of planting, Mr. Malleson providing the trees. Mr. J. A. B. Koch also wrote- asking leave to plant three days in front of his house, in Stanley-street, and that the surveyor should point out where they ought to be planted, with a view to ultimate uniformity in street planting. Permission was granted, the work to be done under the supervision of the town surveyor. It was intimated that the applicants must plant at their own cost, although it a person planted a whole block the council would defray half the cost of the work. At the usual weekly meeting of St James's Lodge, I.O.G.T., held last evening, at the Literary Institute, West Melbourne, it was unanimously resolved that a vote of thanks be tendered to Mr. St. John Cows, who had so generously given his services in getting up the late successful promenade concert, and acting as musical director and farther, that a complimentary concert, at an early date, be given to Mr. Caws. A provisional committee, with power to add to their number, was appointed to carry out the arrangements. At the Sandridge Police Court yesterday, Samuel Jones, a labouring man, who was said to be possessed of several houses, was charged with not contributing to the support of his wife and six children. The complainant stated that her husband left her on the 24th of last month, saying he was going to Ballarat He did not go there, but stayed in an hotel in Melbourne, and for the last eleven weeks had only given her 30s. to support herself and family. The defendant admitted that he " got on the spree" in Melbourne, and was robbed while drunk of £11 and a gold watch and chain. The Bench made an order for 20s. per week, the defendant to find one surety in the amount of £5, and himself to a like amount for the fulfilment of the order, with £2 2s. costs. Another old colonist Mr. Alex. Belper road, of Ceres, near Geelong died on Wednesday, at the age of 67. He, with his brother (Mr John Belperroud), arrived in the colony in 1839, and from that time till shortly before his death a period of 36 years he carried on wine-growing operations. He was one of the pioneers of that industry. He planted the ground now known as the Borramonga Vineyard, near Ceres, and held it under a long lease. At the end of the term he purchased a vineyard of his own, but failing health compelled him lately to retire. He then sold his property and retired to the village of Ceres, where he expired suddenly on the day stated. An inquest was held on the remains yesterday, when a verdict that death was caused by disease of the heart was returned. At a meeting of the stewards of the Geelong Racing Club held yesterday it was decided, in order to give the Melbourne and Ballarat visitors time to get out to the course, and the country people to finish their marketing, to start the first race at half-past 1 o'clock. Also to request Mr. John Simson to act as judge, and Mr. Chirnside as starter. The Victoria Racing Club having decided to remove J. B. Wallis's disqualification, the Geelong Club decided to do the same. Some routine business having been transacted the proceedings terminated. A man named George Turley, a baker, residing in Geelong, had his leg broken by a fall on Wednesday night, about 12 o'clock, he had endeavoured to take up his quarters at the Shamrock Hotel, when the landlord demurred, and, it is said, had to force him out, when the accident occurred. He was removed to the hospital, and the injured limb was attended to. A child named Henry Challis, two months old, was found dead, face downwards, in bed, at the house of its parents, Connewarre, yesterday. He is believed to have been smothered. An inquest will be held to-day. Fish are plentiful at Queenscliff just now, and steam is being employed in their conveyance to Melbourne. The Resolute brought upwards of 180 baskets on Monday night and last night she went to Queenscliff to bring up another haul. The Warhawk had 211 baskets on Wednesday night, and the fishermen have quite a busy time of it The fish caught are mostly ruffays, trevalli, and garfish. The Kyneton Observer of Thursday states : -"A man named John Green, who represented himself to be possessed of property in Christchurch, New Zealand, and as having come to Victoria for the purpose of buying horses, paid a visit to Kyneton last week, and during his stay here passed some cheques, drawn on the Bank of Victoria, in Melbourne, which have since turned out to be valueless. He stated that he had placed £500 to his credit in that bank, and on the faith of this representation Mr. Menzies, of Kyneton, on Thursday last accepted his cheque for £35, in payment for two colts which he had sold to him. Other persons, too, accepted his cheques, but up to the present time they have not received value for them, and the latest report is that there is not, and never was any account in the Bank of Victoria, Melbourne, under this Mr. John Green's signature. It may, of course, be all a mistake, but the transaction looks so suspicious that the interference of the police has been invoked, and we understand that they are making active inquiries for Mr. John Green's present whereabouts." " The question as to whether the mastodon or other gigantic species ever trod the soil of Australasia as in the old world," writes the Geelong Advertiser, has probably scarcely yet engaged the attention of anyone. The question is, however, a most interesting one, any facts tending to prove that animals of great antiquity did exist being certainly worthy of note. Some specimens of this character have lately been found by the workmen engaged in excavating the foundation of the new railway bridge over the Duck Ponds Creek, Some very large bones have been found, one nearly 2ft. in length, supposed to be the task of an extinct animal, and also what is supposed to be a large rib. The workmen did not appear to take any notice of the bones, but threw them aside. On being exposed to the atmosphere they crumbled to dust. Our informant obtained a few specimens of smaller bones, which had resisted the action of the air, with the intention of forwarding them to Professor M'Coy for examination. Want of time, however, and the hope of obtaining more, have as yet prevented him from carrying that into effect. As soon, however, as he can obtain other samples he intends carefully to preserve them, and submit them to the pro- fessor's skill. These bones have all been found in the bed of the ancient creek. It has been observed that, while the drift in the old bed has been apparently washed away, mounds of stiff clay have resisted the force of the current and remained standing. These are plainly discernible, and around them are vast quantities of small bones in layers, which also crumble to dust when exposed. What these are is simply matter of conjecture, but they are evidently of great antiquity. Bono caves and flats covered with the bones of animals have been found on the continent of Europe. Are evidences of a similar character to he found here T' In reference to the telegram which recently appeared, intimating that the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company had promised a ten word message between England and Port Darwin for £3, provided the Australian Governments will pay a subsidy of £20,000 yearly, the South Australian Register states that, before opening negotiations with the other colonies, the Chief Secretary of South Australia telegraphed to London inquiring whether the company could make any concession in the terms they had previously asked. Directly the official answer is received the South Australian Government will take steps to solicit the cooperation of the sister colonies with a view of accepting the company's proposal, which, as we have already pointed out, is at least £5,000 a year less than the original offer. There are other places besides Maryborough where inhumanity is displayed by hospital authorities. We learn from the Narrabri Herald (N.S.W.) that a man named James Burns recently rolled into a fire, while in a state of intoxication, at a wine shop, and was dreadfully burnt He remained in a state of suffering from Sunday to Wednesday, when the owner of the wine shop, a man named Grayson, sent him in a cart to the Narrabri Hospital. He was, however, refused admission, and the only asylum that could be found for him was the lock-up, where he was taken, " raving and groaning with pain." Medical aid was obtained, but it was too late, and the miserable man was presently released from his sufferings by death, These facts were revealed at an inquest held on the body of the deceased. The coroner, in summing up, said he thought evidence disclosed a very sad state of affairs, and one not very creditable to the management of the hospital, which had failed to provide accommodation for man suffering as it seems deceased was. TI poor unfortunate fellow had been hawked about and left exposed in a cart in a mo inhuman manner. Mr. Goldman, on behn of the hospital, protested against any such in putationson that institution. The committe he said, were not supposed to provide access modation for the reception of every drunken man who happened to got burnt at a win shop or publichouse. The hospital was full but the deceased could have been attended to properly had the right steps been take under the circumstances, and the visiting committee advised of the matter. The jury retired, and after an absence of few minutes, returned with the following verdict-We find that the deceased James Burns, accidentally received burns of the morning of the 20th June, at David Gray son's wineshop, of which burns he died of the 24th inst ;" and they added as a ride that David Grayson was to blame for served deceased with intoxicating liquor, and ne bringing him in sooner after receiving the injuries. We have no wish to raise the ghost of the departed Norwegian scheme, but its partisan and its opponents may be equally interested to learn, on the authority of the Allgemeine Zeitung, that the Ministries of the three Scandinavian kingdoms Sweden, Norway and Denmark have now for some time been engaged in an uninterrupted conflict with their respective Parliaments. As to Denmark an explanation of the persistence of th Ministers in remaining at their posts may be found in the fact that they always have the First Chamber on their side, and that the Opposition in the Second Chamber has but comparatively small majority. In Norway the state of affairs is different ; the Parliament (Storthing) consists of chiefly one chamber and yet the Ministry, which has now been in power for a number of years, has not found it necessary to resign in the face of numerous votes of want of confidence passed by the majority, though some partial changes have been made in it from time to time. The Swedish Parliament consists of two Chambers, and up to last year it was much in the same position as that of Denmark ; the majority of the First Chamber supported the Government, while the latter was opposed b the majority in the Second Chamber. The majority, it is true, was considerably large than it is in Denmark ; but, on the other hand, the state of affairs in Sweden was more favourable to the Government, inasmuch as in that country the Government can direct the two Chambers to vote together on financial questions, which is not usual it Denmark. By the lost mail Mr. George Coppin received a subscription of £10 from Messrs. Spiers and Pond for the relatives of the late Mr. James Ellis. This is the second subscription that Messrs. Spiers and Pond have forwarded to Mr. Coppin in aid of this family. The Theatre Royal was fairly attended last night. The play of "The Shaughraun" will be performed for the last time on Saturday night On Monday evening a new comedy called "Sam" will be produced for the first time in Melbourne. Balfe's beautiful opera, " The Rose of! Castille," was performed last night at the Opera-house for the second time during the present season. Miss Alice May represented the Queen admirably, and she was greeted with the most hearty applause throughout the opera. The ballad in the second act, "In Convent Cell," was encored most enthusiastically. Mr. Templeton received an encore for his song, "Though fortune darkly o'er me frowns," and Mr. Hallam was obliged to give the murderer's son a second time. The theatre was well attended, but not nearly so well as the excellence of the performance deserved. This evening "Fra Diavolo" will be given for the last time. The exhibition of the panorama of the River. Thames at St George's Hall was fairly pa tronUed last night Mr. L. Braham sang " Good Bye, Sweetheart, Good Bye," and "Happy be Thy Dreams," and for each song received a well-deserved encore. Mr. T. P. Hill has been engaged to give a series of readings illustrative of some of the most interesting scenes represented in the panorama. There will be an afternoon performance on Saturday. There was again an excellent attendance at the Apollo-hall last night. The performances of the U.S. Minstrel troupe are as attractive now as when they first appeared. The ninth social evening of the Metropolitan Liedertafel was held in the Atho namm-hall last night. There was a very large audience, every seat in the hall being occupied, and many only finding standing room. Besides the members of the Liedertafel the following artists took part in the concert Signora Tamburini Coy, Miss Christian, and Signor Rosnati. The concert was a brilliant success, The solos were given in a style worthy of the names that appeared in the programme, and the encores were frequent. The members of the Metropolitan Liedertafel, under the leadership of Mr. Julius Herz, acquitted themselves very creditably. The concert was considered by those who attended it to be the most successful yet given by this society. The sixth performance of Professor Hughes's opera di camera, " The Flowers of Savoy," took place last night in Hockin's Assembly rooms, Elizabeth-street There was a fair attendance. The only alteration in the cast was the substitution, at very short notice, of Miss Salthouse for Miss blackham. The opera was followed by a soiree dansant, The Melbourne Hounds will meet at the Footscray bridge, on Saturday afternoon, at two o'clock. We are requested to call attention to the advertisement in another column of a meeting of the Victoria Yacht Club, to be held to-night at the Port Phillip Club Hotel. At the Independent-hall, Russell-street, last evening, a very interesting lecture on " Charles Dickens was delivered by Mr. S. Pulver. The lecture was illustrated by readings from some of the most popular works of Dickens, which were received with frequent demonstrations of approval At the conclusion of the discussion which the proper evoked, the thanks of the meeting were accorded to the lecturer. A meeting of the Master Coachmakers, Association was held at Hockin's Hotel, Elizabeth-street, on Monday evening last, Mr. Stevenson in the chair. After the usual routine business had been disposed of, a resolution was, agreed to that the secretary be instructed to forward a final circular to all members of the trade in the colonies, directing attention to the fact that application for space at the forthcoming Exhibition must be lodged with the secretary of the association on or before the 2nd of August next. The South Melbourne Literary and Debating Society held its usual weekly meeting on Monday evening last, in the Mechanics' Institute, Emerald-hill, when a paper, entitled "Modern Christianity," was read by Mr. J. H. Reid. The paper was well received, and its leading features were discussed with much animation. The eighth half-yearly meeting of the Fitzroy Lodge No. 13 of the Order of St Andrew Lodge, was held on Tuesday at the Belvidere Hotel, Victoria-parade. The G.M. of the order and several other of the members of the Grand Lodge of were present, the attendance being very large. The auditors' report and balance- sheet were adopted, showing a large accession of new members and a substantial increase in funds during the half year ending June. An address by the G.M, on the progress and prospects of the order was received with great favour. The G.M. intimated that he had set himself the task of officially visiting every lodge of the order in the metropolitan district at least twice during his tenure of office. Seven new members were initiated, and five proposed for membership, and the election of office-bearers for the ensuing half year then took place, resulting as follows: W. Henry, W.M.; T. King, D.M.; G. Hayes, J. Kollabar, and F. Butler, S.W; J. M'Vinish and A. Pritchard, Jew's ; J. Brown and T. Burrowes, tylers ; J. Mackintosh and B. Many, secretary and treasurer respectively, The trustees reported that the Greater part of the lodge funds were well invested on mortgage. At the conclusion of the business, votes of thanks were given to the Grand Lodge officer and retiring officers of the lodge, and duly responded to. 