I TALES A)4D. SKETCHE'. f 33OW-«ATin. nt 1W*- CHAPTHM- — CHUTTO I Ik Ilia Itbrarv s»t «o'-ert HH on, en -ro ?*?? in ,,?» boots. I he done «nen.-d v»rv eently. »nd «h--c «ntrrid .-pleeu.-t-l-ukin2 old Wj, cuvetnejrd m a eomsou ah^wl. ?Whv. you hem. moth-r!1 he eic'tim-d. risine hastily. !lnenrnp«t-lUiee^»il thi»honroftbem.rni'-e:i'i- hardly ten o'cloea yet. and the day ei -Surly cold, I thought you «t3tin bed.' ?I h-H Irtt— RiWif.' sh» rejili d, u »h» ».«-- tb- wt-cWt h» place I tit li t oe» tii b ish: fi-e. ?I mm »fntl I dis*u-b you/ -h- lieffii n~ Tously.seeme the table spread wi b h .oil. of an . abstruse kind. ? Don't thilk of it.' Thoneh anS'enng thus, he was nrffaer discomposed, for Li- misui »»? . '.books end research of all fchri*; an.1 hepu-hed the h.*ir f am his sonjewi.. rte-wm fon» ? head, as he prepared t» lit»n to the purport oi liu motWs rain wh^ *i. arguej, TOl-t h «ametiuie uousuJ. tJ nub an invalid uau wa« vieu him so e*rl*. ? Beferrine to her basket, Vrs Hilton dm tfaeooe.a Vt*-v xnti said : * Fr»Hn *uv old friend, ]fargar~t, Mrs Cameron;' and putting on her ? Haver mind the contents.' be interrupted, after die bad need die fin* iiue judging this bv its many predecessors. ? But, Robert, I wantyou to hear ; that ia why I am.' dw- returned Umi.Hy. '-ht eajs Helen, her daughter, you -w«, is comi-ie, in ? fcardan,.'oet«»«rU« t Farm, quite net- u ; and I thorn^t it «o J* l~-* ?' odd itw don't asa-her to vi-i» us m so\ «nd — I came Co eooeuli ion/ ahe hesit.ied. 'I think 'Margaret -ill Expect it. I know m dialite visitors in tie boose, and hive erosm a confirmed b»rh-iorj' ahe sighed ; ' and I am only a poor imali I, nut fit -lor much, an are are weD matched, and ca * dispose win visitors. Slia— if you wnuio »o- mind tor this once,* she pleaded. ?).,»*-« Hilton «ew tr -oKe loomirg in th d^uw »- he listened to hk Mmr1' h eita tiocrq-e-t 't w~ q ? te in* .lelie had s«H ; he m« » e we md aUI bn-helor. fort? yrar. oH ; ani hateJ the »iettt of w -men, rarely li»»kin* o - the nee »f no- hu his poor old mother. No wander Jie felt spoil; Qc « id duojit ul aba it the anon- of h-r rvqu-ai, an the «*?! th nervous, eo-newnst di j -ined- Iooking figure o ofhrrljl leinsoo, TO« snnken eyes bal ? QooV.ed expression i« Am wliSe ebe wife. * Tou wju d nerar see her but at meal-iiinea.' -fa ? eoouiued, and -hat oni» Cor a few djy', m dear, ff y-iu woo. dn'tuuod. I would not *U£« S' hereomin:; only, ahe ia eteyinc u »T5 oeir. aadiaeneh a aloe ««5 «- Hal*-'* w.«e.; tbouffa it ia aome years now ainee 1 S4W her. W-e in E&een; then, a-d iniut tie twentr ?» near.d^-'.howrimea«-! So loop; am «r I «a- »n^; «j«i th-n. In «rt, thjt is JoarUait.' ?» iw-ndrniof hi sroiher, anl *'«i a wdo«.' fhit ia mj k*«J tat year*; I haaeonir lira-1 fo- tou b- iorj and if ton didn't *Ae vmbm. I w«a eoi^tdit not to h&vr; them, th mA I abool J Oke' td have tven at oU f.-ieml Uarxa^et ani her Aid ueetsi^nally.' ?I know von have ^b -en very Kind to mt ioErmines,' he riitied ; and hit baarr. nnoto him.X9her«aealw-!dberuFr of eac iSx, .nd ' be.rdhertimidlypl'aiinefTlheainitle'atnEa tion in quntnm. StOI, the power of hMt it strong, and tt vns not virhoot a great effort br determined to yield. * Very well : aafc her «r, Jf yon like,' lit eiid with a&eied; nrdes-nes; ? but only for thfe or four d tys, mind j ' and tar tamed wilji loogins eta to the open bo jk wbich was wainng hu penuaL ? Thant v»Q ; it i« »-*T S»od of you,' die aaid quite gratefully as fbe tom. * I will tare you now, and write t- Margaret to alloar Helen to came to us.' 'Ooly for a few dtye,' he reminded, eiresdy resretnn' hi» n-rmi9-i3u; 'otherwise, -we may hi»e hrr here tir weeis, if you don't fpedfy the «.I think not,' returned 5f ra Hilton with qniet dignity. ' 3Ca.«c^ret is a well-bred woman, and her rnCdV r.a doohr, takes after her.1 The old lady then rose and Robert Hilton returned to bis studies; and in the society of some fbara! zemams, which Eerced as the -ul yMt of some hvmed paper he was preparing Cor one of the Quarterlies, he forgot the, impending calamity, as his perrarted mind regarded a visitor, and that a vnnnaa, fartbencare a young woman, in bis house. Several days pissed, and one bright frosty day, in the earif part of January, a parry of girls sex tmssmg themselves in the drawiig room of the Mount Farm. He.en Cameron, with her two old friends and school-fellows, Annie *n* Clara Karcat, formed the trio. Helen's best bund could not have called her pretty, while far worst would have bund it impossible to cdl her pfain. She was what is termed a atee girl, when one is poshed into a comer for a definition She was agreeable good-tempered, ejuld talk pleasandv on most thines, bid a very fair figure, with a bright intelligent (ace, that refused to be eilalogord as regu'ar-feitnred; withacomplexion frequently tineed with deep rM. interspersed with freckles Ah, poor Helen! I am afraid that last bit tnay tell against yon ; hut the ponnit painter mM be flithM. She bad, however, one grand point : her hair was beautiful, and fe'l in long wavy t'**'**! Kke bright spun sitk fresh faun the cocoon, caught on either aide by ? comb which confined it to the back of her head; beyoni thil there wss no arraneing. Nature did the rest, with an admirable eye to effect. A servant catered while they were laughing and talking together, and handed Helen a no 'F-ncTmlW'l oldMeod, Mr. Ha . she sod, sssbebMke.be sea and read the con tents. ?The Batons of the Firs; the people sns bears of, bat never ««s; remarked «3an ?Ur.HiltoiiiaSJitnraIia,andber»oilamcoV. from all accounts,' chimed Annie, whBe Helen was pern inj ner nom, who Ron *a- ? What am I to So. or amyf H»w abaB I ever cet out of Hi Mr. Baton haa written to S4V that inaiiimahssaeerptedaninvitstinn for me to' .vend a few days with her. as lam in the nei^MiHirh.iorf, and ahe h.ipes Fll fix an early 4ay !' &' cri-d with (enutne dismay. 'Her ann-«uteemeflt wjaraoeived withaehoma of sroan* froo- the two «irls. ? li a too bad of mamma ro a-c-pt an inviia for me b*m such people. Whal was eh« thm» ine ol? SVe mulit jost as anffl have asked me i-ap- ndafewrfapinaehareuyard, asinao-h a hnuse a« th it ! ?f^.'«ail Cara, wi^fa agrisnaee; 'there U not mueU amu-emeit la h pt out a that villey ofdrr bone. ! Ur Hilton is a fwefl. mr ?fear; he hu m lied pr.-4d.miei man— and what do yon cjll ThoeK orly thfaua. with hidevHia long names?— until he baa converted himself into an antediluvian specimen of an implement for duorine op hi' own .t.»o» series! Heaven piianne me from -ueh awfil men ! I like neih anJ Wood, not in- wn^f» i-ro-™» machioes, as lean them. Wily peaatr «J«O be fore.ernimm.rine amdergmnnd for old bones and sneh-lise. I can't imafjne !' ?Tou must go. H-leo,' aaH Annie; 'i it it only keep na alive with your description, when you came back.' ? Weil, onli fora ooopk of days.' stipulated Helm nufutty, as obe aat down to aaawe? the ? Of course, only for a eobpledays'i we eouVta*! nare Ton for -oaajer,' sail CUia: «t*-rs is thr hall next week, yon know. Joit a»y we wil dri«i yon over to mirrow— Tnesiaj— and will fetch yon anin on Frilay; did will Jff y«u just t -o d'f ?lays, which I expect you w=U fiaJ ? th ? Inu -i« moth ardne. I aa told.' brob o tnnie. ? I. u e. old faalmnei, a-d foil of all sort* of qurer thines — remains andeof «th* ? llan you ever seen K- BQion ?' inojuinsl i-len. ' We sometimes, bat rare'y, see 'Im rid ne .Sour; -lit be hitrt want, and Odes at the win of on-. — D-»*n*t be, dan P ' ifaeaMa forme,' murmured Helen, la ahe *e--ed her aKKe. and nnaT Ctrlheaenant to send it to the r™. - I do ao wWh I w^e notaviagi but taere ia no help br it. I suppose. I nope there are no ehosls or ober .nue iei in the hou«- bwoe the basil rrtnaio.r she inqidnd, sliiveHne. 'Tel: me, what is be Eke, this fbfcil io-ekiJ; th a I may know what Ihave toapeet 7 ?-». rail lean, and JpKred«b»nt the head; ?Hb s^nd-tookinc eyes, as il they cuuldooly see clearly nndereTonnV aasd C^ra, -wijl .a mitu-iiievoua iwmkle in her eyes. ? -Vhy, he ia a ghost in hi«i-eir! I stuff, be (rUlitenei to meet him,' errl.imed Helen, 'And he never eteaks;cv*n reads at bis, meala. I beheve,' said Annie with a lanlh. ? VCurse and worse ! O inria. What «n Ito ?U? WaatanocreT-ra woman tobeaantnp ?irh. Floe, he like muse, [wonder? Sot M .?o«r* n tr ' they siymnsie hath oharms to sooths the ?»av*£e breast; why not see if it would eawe a tt»um-etion in die pre- Adamite one T hsrarded one of the t^rls. 'vThat! sine to a Hone? ImtMsaiMe! I -h «1J he too frightened. I must take lots of work, tuat a all; try and fiai-h this rag f Jr the bazaar. J-£ar, hww cold it is V and she shivered again. * Te* ; is it nrt T said Annie, drawing nearer to the lire, a-id giving it a vigorou* poke. * Inere is snow in the air ; aid enow here ia no joke, let me tell yoi. It regularly barricades us; we are each a heUht.' 'HUM to-night, the chances are yon could not go to the Firs to morro*. There is ns driving a cirrisge in these parts until tb£ enow ? I wUh it nuy come down, then,' said Helen. * Don't wish that, as it would put an end to our ball ; so it cuts both ways. Tou have no Uea how the snow rails here, several feet deep ; and then we are shut up samerimt* for weeks.' ' And a storm is brewing.1 a&idClars.; [hope it will have the good hesn to keep off until the the ball is over. I don't know when I felt it so cold!* No snow fell the following dsy. It was in the air, people remwbed, wbt understood the eirls', and misgiving on Helen's part, she was driven over to die Firs, ahd deposited amooe the f issue, with miuy injunctions t ? be careful she, herself, wss not turned into a ' subject ' lor investigation. ' So very glad to welcome you, my lore,' said old SCrs HOton, emhrariag her. ' 11 is so very kind of you to come and see ns ; ' and she drew her to a seat near the fire, in tiie grand old drawing-room, where she kept eolu^ry state each afternoon and evening. Tlie warm embrace and tbe fire (iiawed Helen, and she began to feel comfortable. ' 0, the son is ouly half as pleasant as his mother. she thought, * I shsll not object to the partial interment.' Sam* conversation followed ; blending with which, Helen's thoughts flawed in (he following undercurrent : ' I wonder if he has the look of his mother? Wbstajwteirlhvppen toUkehim. and turn the tables onHbe girl** I suppose I shan't see him until dinner-time, and then he wau be reading a book. Tall, lean, grizzled!— that sounds horrible f 'Tou mn' excuse my son Bobert,' said Mrs Hilron, whishrae to prepare her lor bis pecnliarhirs. * Hf is eccentric, my dear, very ; not in the least a lady's man. He took to study early in Hfe, and now tires among his books ; I must nit complain, for, as an autW, be ha- distinguished himself. Still, it disappoints ' ? 'ut be shuts himpelf no so entirely, and has '?#tall taste for society, for I am only a poor I invalid, and can't lait for ever; and I grow J unhspsv when I Dunk of him left alone.' Helen (hen went to ber room to prepare far dbBssr.lCrs BOtwa'a maid waring fcrterrepted their chat to stow b=r the way. Bara* completed her toilet, she came dawn-stairs with no aUrht amonntof trepidalim.h-.ping. jet tear ing, to find tbe tnneb-afewied bssfl in tfce Bobert Hilton had entered the drawing ™om shortly after Miss Cameron had quiusd it, having actually dressed for dinner ;- proceeding quiet disregarded by hhn an ordinary occasions, for tbe very good reason that be always dined alone, as his mother was an invalid and could not bear him ?om-*ny. Mrs Hlton looked pleased to see her eon so wonderfully brightened op bytlie little attention to b» apperance, at the trouble and waste lime of which lie hai been inwardly ruming. 'Helen has arrived,' sne sud. as be stood chafing his bands, and .trving to warm them by the fire. ?So [ heard,' he answered shortly. lootjog uisfnine but ddiglitad. 'How lonzisaheto -tay ? This sort of thing is ao terribly out of ?oy ins ? and be glanced al bis evening dress ax ' dte leaves on Friday ; the gMs a* the Mount Farm won't spare her any longer. She isa very -ear girl, Bobert ; I think you will like her,' she ventured timidly. Hie remark was entirely lost upon btm, as be never .entertained tbe id-e oTIflan* any woman, dnle*t it might happen to b- tbe remains of one ehich had been deposited in aome ep at by the ?vabnche of acet, awsitina; bis discovery. Such a w man be would love tenderly. Tremhuog outride the drawing-room door stoat Helen, unable to turn die handle and nter, ao afraid was the of encountering him ; hat erowicg desperate at last, die made a plunge, ?id went in with that awkward ah- which tales ?old of one at difficult moments of intense edf *fll stooping over the lire, he did not notice (nr until she r-aebed the aota where Ml mother 'at, who bad encnirasrd bertimid entrance with a smile, and said: ?Robert, my dear, this is lldm _ Helen, my son, Bobert.' . Tab introduction being effected. Helen took a «a»wrale Mr Hilton remained standing, in no ??v bashful, but so very preoccupied with dead ?ubjeen, as to leave the living to take rare of themselves. As soon as sbe dared. Helen raised her eyes aade-Vieedttfaim. ? Unmistakably tall, leas. and crizxled,' «he thought, « but not quite so bad as 1 ecoec ed Good eyea. sf they could be brought to look about him. instead of into remoteness. Good festurrs, but tumbled hair, all fal ing aboul ' anyhow, as it no one ever ?mooned it. What a pity he- shuts himself ninttersRissnlKmeed, atn3 Sirs Hilton said r 'Will yon let Bobert tab yon into dinner, my dear? Tou most excuse me j lining yon. but I am obliced to Lve by nue.— Vow, Bobert, take care of ber.' liuu saying, she strove to draw them together, a most thankless task, tor Helen, hnni onto the rdnctint arm by the tips of her nude the weO n'«h cbmnic blush oa ber (ace lhcyaatdowntotableinwlemnsBonce. Mr. Huton, rrom the force of hsbh, turned to find his pises in the imsginsrf volnme at his aids, and th-o remembered he had a hnman book sitting near it might be worth bis while perusing. He chueed on, ?earched for words, and rune to a dead panes , f w what on earth nor there to calk about? Toon« women were a genus be bad never studied ahase university days ; they were a study h. bad shelved with dress clothes, as being ' terribly out of his line,' thinking at the time of the truth of St. Chrysostoui's df Bnirioo of women, who pronounces them, one and all, to be * a necessary evi1, a natural temptation, a desirable calamity'— here he paused, for he declined thinking the present 'calamity ' sitting near at all 'desirable;' quite the reverse— 'a domestic pern, * deadly faseinatton, and a paioted ilL* Ah, yes ; Chrysostom wss a man of sense and experience, sridently. Poor Helen wss equally miserable ; sipped her soup, to prolong the necessity for keeping ber head lowered. ?One of us must begin,' ahe thought ;? this suenee is overpowering.' At last—' I think you know my friends, the BTarcotsr' \- SuVhtly,' he replied, putting his elbows on tbetsble while waftine to be farther fed. He was of that rare order of men who eat, asking no questions, anything pot before them. Just the sort of man. women, with a view to a comfortable hereafter in housekeeping, ought to cultivate above all others. ' They ere very nire girls,' she remarked. ?Possibly. I know nothing about girls.' ? Tou don't visit much, I think P' she again ?No; I am thankful I find something better to do,' and be pushed the unkempt hair from his forehead, and closed bis eyes, ss it to dear bis brain of the disturbing possibility of such a fate, of which the present was a taste not at all to his liking. The servant placed a dbih before inm, which excused them for again lapsing into happy silence. 73)us the dinner passed ofl^atvefora few spasmodic attempts at conversation like the previous. And at the finish, never were two people so glad to get rid of each orlier as Helen Cameron and her extrosrdiuarj conipiTiion. Mr Hilton did not appear again that night, although be usually kept his mother company for a portion of every evening after a silent fashion. Helen gave him np aa hopeless. Sbe bad faued to win the bast courtesy from him; and thereare lew things a woman resents tike a tacit avowal that ahe is powerless to attract. Tbelwo weary days, each worse than the other for dreariness, came to an end at last. Wtthali^tit heart, she retired to her bed on lliorsdsv Bight, and ciadly looked forward to tbe morrow. 'I'd d-srribe mm to the girls aa tbe moat impassible monster it was ever my lotto beennw acquainted with.' With buoyant alacrity, she rose next moromg -—&MH; of the cold, adach ns piercing; sHopine Is* *»st into .s^wTwawa* 