ITEMS OF NEWS. | The mbniborj of tliepastlemrine Amalgamated; Foptball Olub hold a meeting., this evening at . tlie Oastlemaine. hotel. A practioo takes placej on the Oaiiip reserve this afternoon. ; j At a special committee meeting of tho Borough1 Council, held yesterday foreuorin; it was re-i solved to forward an invitation to tho Miuistry , to open tlie now public buildings early in July. The sacred concert at tho "Wesleyau Church, | Harcourt, in aid of tho trust fund of that church, ! will take place this evening, and if: the weather j should' bo at all favourable will be well at- : touded, 1 " -- ' ; The quarterly 'meeting of .the Loyal Devon-/ shier Lodge was Held .last. /evening, when/the i followirig officers were elected for the ensuing' term : — N.G., Bro. J. B. Stowe ; V.G., Bro. ; G. Evans; Sec., Bro. G. C. .Backhouse-; Trea-! surer, Bro. E. D. Williams; G. :L. ropresonta-: tives, Bros. T. A. Griffiths (charter), E. D. ' Williams, and F. Allon. . . ; : The cliildren attonding'tho Weslpyari 'Church State school, Barker-street, ' asseiribled in con-' sidorable forco last evening atriri ontertainuient ; for their delectation,. " . 'Thb , . dioimmii'' of /.Hie j Scenery of " the . World was exhibited at tlie j school- room, and elicited much ., approbation. ' Tho other schools in the town, we' beliovo, are! also to be visitod. . We notice that Judge Bowman Inis fixed tlio! same day, tlie 18th September; for ;bptli;:tliej General Sessions-ami tlie Oouiity Court, iiisteiidj of consulting tlio conveiriorice'of juryriioii'aridi suitors by making .thorn on different days., At; last eouH suit6«L"L.uUuoccaovlly_':t6 attend: -n»wi«nijr (Join t a day bdrorw-it siit, wJiiinnvHo' "to peoplo in town an iiieouvenienoe, arid to those! from tho country both the loss of a day arid ex-; pense attending tlie delay. It is to be desired' that liis Honour will', name a/day after tlio' Sessions for the County Court. .' A correspondent from Maldon writes " On one of the darkest nights during last week; when the cold was intense, and tlio rain literally coming down-in ' bucketfuls, two ladies got lost> on Mount Tarrangower, amidst the; crevasses and gullies whicli cross and re-crossos 'one another in inextricable confusion, arid which are" comparatively yot unexplored in that vicinity.! It appears a lady, accompanied by her servant; had started away during the day iu soarch of a' cow, whicli had been missing for some time, and after waudering about here and there, the ' shades of night' came on, and to their horror thoy found themselves . far from tlieir home; drenched to the skin, and minus tlioir boots,: which had beeri lost in a mud-liole iii trying to extricate their' feet. ; After climbing several hills, and doscendiug steep gullio3, to tlie iimni-r ueut dangor of tlioir lives, tliey, to tlioir intense relief descried a glimmer of light through tlie gloom and rain ; anil hastened to the beacon/ which tlioy found proceeded from a lantern hung to a whim. After gotting closer thoy were afraid to make thomselvos known, not knowing what kind of characters were near. Tho boy at tlio whim'tobing, as lie imagined/ two shadows flit ting about on tho range, called the attention of the man at tlio brace, who told the boy to go and seo who tlioy were. The latter, probably thinking of ghosts, Indians, or bushrangers, declined. Tlio . braceman then went, and after hearing tlioir pitiful tale, immediately put them on the right road for home, which thoy reached without further mishap. Had they wandered about the Mount tlio whole night I might have liad a far worse story to relate. , ' Referring to the anniversary of tlio Quoon's' Birthday, tho Telegraph remarks : — " It lias beon a reign great in social events. ..There were not 300 'utiles of railways- in Englarid'wheii'the Queen ascended' the throne. There was rio electric telegraph. - There was no penny post There w»re; no photographs of an y kind. . There was not the idea of tlie. possibility of a penny Press. Romombering those things, wo see that since the Queen began lior royalty a different social world has boon created." The following is the produce telegram ot tho New Zealand Loan-' and Mercantile Agency Company (Limited), ' dated London; 18th -inst.' :! —Wool sales comprise about 27!2, 000 : bales ; 0,000 bales have boon withdrawn'; and 135,000 taken for the Continent.' ! Sales have closed at an -average improvement of ,ld 'to 1-Jd on last sales prices. Tlio principal ad varieq lias baoii in crossbred and superior washed clothing.: Modinm and inferior: gro.My market ; rather easier. .i - - : - j Mr Bland, gonoral manager of 'the Port Philip Company, Chinos, in a letter to tlib 'local paper, the Ballarat Star writes, states tliat tlio' method of oxtraoting gold , from -pyrites by/ means of chlorine gas was tried by liis domriauv: in 1807, and was perfectly successful so -far as taking out tho gold, but the cost of preparing tlio pyrite3 before applying' the giis was"! tori' groat, and prevented a continuation of the ex.-' periuwnta.' Iir Mr Bland's opinion, tlio best way to treat pyrites successfully in this colony is by tlio establishment of a central works, sup plied with every appliauco for burning and aflor-trqatinoiit, by which means all waste pro- duets, such as sulphur, &c.;, would be utilisod aud ull the gold obtained by subsequent smelt ing. By tho presout wasteful aud oostly sys tem of treating pyrites it is estimated that an average of one-third of the gold is lost. Souio years back tlio Port Philip Company shipped a large parcel of pyrites to England for sale, and received L3 10a per oz for tlio assay contents of the gold, with an intimation from tlio purchas ers that by continuing shipments of not 'less than 20 tons each, with a gold contents of 16oz por ton, L4 per oz would be obtaiuod. Tho cost of oxtracting tho gold in the old country jfas mot by tlio salo of the by-products. Why, cannot tlio samb results be obtained in Victoria by using tho same means ? The Tolegraph states that John Prior Barrett, now under sentence of death for tho Carlton murder, has confessod to Mr Castioau that tho knife produced in court at his trial was parb of the weapon with which ho stabbed his wifo. The prisoner states, however, that ho did not break" tho knifo, nor throw it down tlio closet, where it was found. Tlio cimfossion of Barrett thus boars out tlio testimony of tlio Government analytical chomisb. An exhaustive report has beon forwarded by his Honour Judgo Dunne to tho Solicitor-Geno-, ral touching tho charges preferred against hiiri by the Maryborough Press. It is of an oxoul- patory nature, denying tho charge of intoxica-J non in tho ordinary sense ot tho woru;'ana re ferring to the trofttniont and tho statements of liis medical advisors. It is understood that; proceedings at law aro likolv to arise, which willi olioifc the truth or fulseliood of the allegations that have been mado, and undor. tlieao! cir- cumstanoos it is probablo that tlio Govornriiont; will lot the muttor remain for the prosont iri aboyarieo. 7/ . . i The Gisbqriio Timos says Tlio alarm /tliat has boon spread through tli® neighbourhood of; Monegatta, touching tlie prevalence of pleuro pneumonia, appoars to.be not without founda tion. Somo montlis ago tho disoaso made its appearaiico in some cattle near Romsoy,; and since it has continued to struggle out with more or loss virulonco, passing from farm to farm with slow but steady progress. Tlio patch of 'country, over which tlio- disoaso has travollod loaves mi doubt tliat it has spread from a focus in a eon-: tinued course, taking tbo stock pasturing iir contiguous farms with tho . utmost regularity.; It now remains for those persons whose liords liavo not yet caught the infection to , adopt thq stringent moasures which the Diseases in Stock Act placos at their command." | \- A statement appeared a fow wooks since to! the offoct that tlio young : man, Frank Spoarin; who had been sentenced to a loi'g term of'jm-. priBoiimont, and two floggings for a criminal assault' ut; Collingwobd, had : bfeen flojjged a' secoim viuio uiwi dwu ui luu jjriuuijnu wibiiutsswa; against Hiiri Iliad /been chargod.'with 'perjury. On causing inquiries to be made -at tho Mel bourne Gaol, wo (Tulegrapli) ascertained tliat; lio had not been flogged a second time after ' tho; charge of porjury was heard, but wo learned on! Saturday last that Spearin had received both; hiri floggings. previously. He >va3 sentenced on ; the 17th March; and on the 2'ith of April lie' wrote to his wife to say ho had been flogge'd a! second Ihno. 'Wo aro iiifi'irmed that the gaol ; aiiiliorities' were'seiwed' with- a notice' tliat the/ charge of perjury was about to be -laid, but tliey: repliod tliat' tliey liad no power to delay_tlie! punishment; : ' ' / /. '/ ; ! Au old man, soventy years of ago, named Jolm Garin,::got.a ticket of admission rto::tho Maryborough Hospital :oii Friday, last, : as ho wabriu a- very -feeble state of health; ' Oil pre senting himself at thoinstiliitioii, liowovor/ ' Dr Dunii refused to' receive Jiini, stating tliat -the paiient was more fit for the Benevolent Asylum than the hospital. - Gain! came, away and triod various means to gain adiiiission,' but could not succeed, and a boarding-house keeper found him shelter. On - Monday afternoon it became apparent that tlio old man was dying, :'aud Dr Diiiiii saiv him again, with a yiow.to his . ridniis-- sion into the, hospital. . At /leiigthffie .consented tp.recoivo him, arid tlio/patient, being adiuitted: in tlio afteruoon, died in the course.. of a. - few hours.- This : afl'air lias causod.great commotion in the town, mid- it is freely stated ..that - tlie i mail's death was; accelerated by tho refusal to admit him to the hospital iii the first in stance. " ' ' '' The Mining Conforoneo contiriuod its sittings ! on Monday. ' The report/of. tlie . coiiiriitiej on! sites and areas of. puddling maelune'ry ,»ndi claiins s.«a agreed to. : Cln.ua6;7,of. Gastloinaiuo: Dj'e-law N6V 3/ referring to extended olainis for; puddling, was,. adopted; with the, cxcoption of; the words "ivud sluicing,'? at the head of tliei clause, which were struck out.- ;Tu reference to : drainage - tho follriwiiig by-law was ' passed : — j ' ' AV'lienqvef water shall by meaiia of appliances be drawn; uot only from tlio larid on' which! thoy are erected, but from any other land, lieldj under the sluicing' statnto, the owners of such! other land shall contribute towards the expense; of such appliances, and their working in pro- 1 portion to. tlio number of acres held by thorii, tho expense of . such appliances to be reckoned at 10 rier cent, ner annum of tho original cost :! providing that in the event of two or more j drainois applying for draiuago expenses for the; same land, the owner shall not be liable to pay! any inoro than he would bo liable to pay to one j when efficiently drained," ' .. ' j The South Australian .Register, relates the! following, which it describes' as a "Romance of; the Sea" : — " The story of a.somowliat poriloU3, adventure lias boeu told at Port Pirio;by a man! who may considor. himself - fortunate ; in -beiug! able io narrate it. He is a. fisherman, who had! in pursuit of his calling cruised from tlio place' mentioned alone, and nearly reached tlio oppo site shore of the Gulf, when, to 1 liis astonish-, mont and dismay ,/a largo piece of tho boat's bottom becaiue loose, and she' iniiribdiiitely filled and sank in about 8 feet or 10 feet q'f water. The man, who :s an expert swimmer; safely reached the shore, but, all his provisions liad floated away, and Ins matches /were ren dered useless, so lio found himself on ail inhos: pitablo coast, without food or tlio' moans of making a fire or solacing liimt.slf with a pipo of tobacco. Fortunately, Alio mishap occurred at high water, so at low tide tlio alventurer was! able to rqaeh his boat, which had by that time become partially embedded iu the sand. After sovoro exertion ho managed to work the craft into shallow water, where lio patched up tlio lonlr n.« avhII ns'llrt pnnlfl. linrl ftvnnfm.llv inif f.ri sea again. Ho arrived at Port Pirie on Satur-! day forenoon; tho 12th inst.,: safe and sound,' oxespt for the oxhaustiori which necessarily fol-j lowed hta perilous cruise. For rioarly two days his only food was tho plant known as "pig'ri face," wliioh lio of : course had to oat raw. Ho' will probably tako care in iiituro'tliat tliore are1 no loose planks under bis feel: before ho' trusts himself so far. from 'human aid iri case of need, "i ; ' .Shortly,. before 12 o'clock on Moiiday riigliii' an extensive , and destructive firo broke out in King-streqt, which re&ultod; iri tlie store of Messrs Luko ,/ arid Co., toa liiorchaiitsi being entirely destroyed, anil that of Messrs Francis arid M'Plierson, genoral . merchants,''/ being /partial'y/destroyodj the bare walls oiily being loft standing. ' The fire, says tlio Argus, broke out in the. lower floor of Messrs Luke aud Gj'b ; and spread so rapidly that in a vory short space of' time tho whole building was iu flanios. Tlie' ularm was given about 10 minutes" to 12 o'clock, bmoko being seen issuing from tlio rear of the buildings. Tlio Metropolitan brigado \- was quickly oil tho spot, followed by Bovoral of tlie suburban brigades, anil without loss of time several streams of water were directed upon the ' flames. Oiving to tho inflammable nature of the goods'iu tho store the lire wits so. fierce that any attempt to save' the placo was soon found to bo usoless, and all tlio offorta- of the firomeii were directed to piovent tlio spread; of tho firo to tho .adjoining buildings. Tho stores of Messrs Luko and Co. anil of Messrs Francis aud M'Plierson wbro under one roof, aud iu tlio samo building, though separated by a Btrong dividing wall. Tho building was of' stone, and was three-storied. Tliero was a Btrong body of police, under Sub-inspector Montford, on tho ground, who kept ilio' crowd back from interfering with tho operations of the firemen. Tho origin, of the lire is not known. It was stated tliat somo of trio employes in Messrs Luko and Co.'s wore at work tliero until about 11 o'clock, or not more than an hour boforo the fire broko out. Messrs Luke and Oo. were, wo liavd ascertained, in sured to tho oxtcut of LIS, 000 in tlio following companios : — Australian Alliunce, L2.000 ; London and Lancashire; L3.000 ; National; L3/0Q0 ; Northern, L2,000 ; Victoria, L3,0Q0. 