SOCIAL SCIENCE CONGRESS IN GLASGOW. The first proceeding in connection with the meeting was the opening of the exhibition of sanitary and educational appliances, held in the Burnbank Drill Hall. The Lord Provost of Glasgow, in declaring the exhibition open, ex plnined its nftturo and objects'. Mr. E. Chad wiok mid Mr. G. Godwin, on behalf of the Health Section, cxpreBBod strong opinions as to the unsatisfactory sanitary condition of Glnogow and the proceedings terminated At one o'clock a meeting of the Council of the Association wbb hold in the Corporation Galleries, under tho TirfiniHencv of Mr. G. W. Hnstiiws, chairman of the Executive Council. An invitation from Brighton to1 hold thu next meeting of tho Asso ciation in that town was accepted, and certain dotiiil business *-as transacted.' At three o'clock, Principal Ciiird preached a sermon in the Park Church, in vwhich he eloquently urged that 1 knowledge- RB' well as faith was. indispensable for Scaling with social problems nnd rightly per forming the -most hidnmbent dtities of life. Godless science, he said, might be a poor thing, ibnt'for palpable influence on the world, ignorant pioty vhb a- poorer ; and the highest »ira of roli ! gion wnB' not to prepare us for another world, 'hut to; fitiia -o make tho best of this. Lntbrin ?the afternoon, many memberB of the-Association visited- the shipbuilding yard of Moenra. Elder at 'Govan, to witness tho launch of a large screw iBteam-ihip. In the evening the Earl of Rose '.berry, tho President of the Association, deli vered the inaugural address to a large audience in the City Hull commencing with a reference * to the rapid growth of Glasgow into a city whioh !js the pride of Englishman as well as of Sootch -men, and to its mnltifariotis industries which five einployniet to a 'Vast labouring population, Lord Rosoberry announced aa the text of dis course, ' the well-being of tho working-classes,' and at once proceeded to discuss the various rnieans by which this well-being was sought to bo ? effected. He reminded his audience in the first place of the very short distance the civilisation ?of tho present day wiib removed from barbarism, stating in vindication of this declaration that within the' memory of living mim serfs were ?employed within a few miles of Edinburgh, that at the beginning of the century alarming \niob riots were not unoommon, and that in- the present day nn increase of wngeB is followed by m«« n«. j.«..vK%««a it«#i«-iitifcn 'in +1ia ./.m^Biiirmti An i\f Kit rllul I1IUUH J11U1VIID0 111 1110 i;uiioiiiu|/ii\iii v#» Bpirits, which ' means mi .enormous amount of crime and pauperism.' He recited facts like these in order to show tho imperative duty laid upon Government -to institute- a directly compul sory education, which should include instruction in economical principles, and also special techni cal instruction suited to all classes — the artisan, tho Rgriculturist, the man of business, and the statesman alike. Directing particular attention, however, to the artisan clnss of the population, he spoke next of. the internal agency of union nnd co-i'perntion, by which they had accom plished much for themselves. Passing on to refer to the plosion) condition of thin class, he jnado mention of the Glasgow improvement scheme, ' in which (he said) the present honoured Piovost of this city has gained dis tinction ;' the introduction of tramways, which supplied the nienns of cheap conveyance from ?the workshop in tho crowded city to the health i and open suburbs, bnildiiiR institutions Buch as the IVahody Trust, tho Metropolitan Associa tion, the Improved Industrial Dwellings Com pany, and the Shnftsbury Park Township, the ?establishment of working-men's clubs, which he thought the most formidable -competition the public-bouse can have, the conduct of saving banks, and the efforts now being ninde in Par liament to secure a further restriction of the labour of women and children in factories — as means in active opeiation attlio present ctny ior the promotion of the comfort tvnd -well-being of the masses. In concluding1, he, in eloquent and forcible language, pressed the statejnan's view of the question — that as. nn account of her limited area and increasing population, Britain must send forth in the future as she has done in the past, many of her children to distant colonies, she should neelc to dc her duty by them, and care for ' the nature of this race of Kings,' so that, in the time to como, ' she may be remem bered not ungratefully as the affluent mothor of giant conniH.n--wen.lUi8 and peaceful empires, .that shitll perpetuate the best qualities of the irnee.' The meeting terminated with the cus tomary votes of thanks. The various sections of (the -Associntion are now in full swing, Lord TNToncrieff having led off, in the department of ?Jurisprudence and the Amendment of the Law, ?witha speech in which the dry technicalities of !his -subject were invested with the charms of a 'profouuaihnman interest and a noble eloquence. . A 'B^be is a mother's anchor. She cannot Bwing'far'from her moorings. And yet a true mothor never lives so little in the present as when 'by the side of the cradle. Her thoughts follow the imagined future of her child. That babe is the boldest of pilots,' and guides her fear less thoughts down through scenes of coming years. The old ark never made such a voyage as the cradle'daily makes. — Beecher. A Shepherd on Umbuehas.— A daft-like walkin' stick is an umbrella ! Gie me a gude blackthorn, wi' a spike in't. As for enrryin' an umbrella aneath ma oxter — I hae a' tny life pre ferred the airm o' a bit lassio cleekin' mine — and ?whenever the day comes that I'm seen nnfiirlin' an nnbrella, as I'm walkin' or sittin' mysel', may thiit day ho my last, for it'll he a proof that tho pitch's a' out o1 me, and that I am a puir fush icmiesB body, ready for tVe kirkyard, and my corp no worth the. trouble o' howkin' up. Nae weather- fender for, the shepherd but tho plaid! An IriRh ghost story has generally something to do with the banshee, or death warner, but a supernatural. incident which is said to have oc curred in the wilds of Kerry the other day is sufficiently thrilling, although the iippantion concerned had no hereditary standing. It seems that a woman residing in Glenflesk received a call from the spirit of her husbi.nd, a ' man of the farming class, dressed in a shroud and white stockings and gloves.' The farmer in white gloves stated that since his death, some niontliB back, although he ought to be in heaven, he was detained elsewhere on account of owing a sum of £15 to friends of his, and he bepged of Jiis wife to five him tho money. The woman in full faith lwnded him £10, and promised to bring him the rest in a fow days- if ho came for it. Meanwhile she wont' and told the priest tho circumstances of 'the case, and this gentleman acted very differently from the clerical monitor of Mickey Free, who may be remembered by tho readers -if ' Chnr'es O'Malloy.'1 When the ghost in complete tmrial costume arrived for the nank-ixito he was at once received by a couple of ixilice, and proved, us uhosta do in our day, to be a mere pretonder, playing a part, who will Iiavo to answer for his misconduct before a magistrate. ? There was a touch of real dramatic cunning in the fashion in which this rogue tried to impose on the simple widow. Tho shroud, the Rtockings, nnd, above all, the gloves, were at once recognised .by tho poor, woman as tho most fitting garments for her husband, as they wero the last-in wliich slio lind semi. him. If ho liad presented himself in the more questionable guise of a flannel jacket and corduroys aho niiyht have wondered how ho contrived to procure a, change of working clothes. Hero is a hint for' spiritualists who have soino difficulty in reconcil inu concrote flounces with ghostly phnntoms. The Oli-'nfl«*nk Ghost lias not solved the probltm, lint his rljiid adhen'juo to chnrnol properties oujjlifc to be a lci-cou to tlu-ee who represent Bpiritn in shooting co-tte --r walkiiog dresses, ^uropoonllwl,' ? ' ' 