ITEMS OF NEWS. ON our fourth page we publish for the benefit of those of our readers interested in them the texts of the Amended Innkeepers Act, and the Amended Act relating to Dogs, both passed during the l.ate Session of Par- liament. By an announcement elsewhere the public are informed that the Bank of New South Wales branch at Jerilderie will be opened for transaction of business this day, the 25th August. MR. BARLOW gave his last performance in connection with the Wagga Band and Mr. Osborne, on Monday night to a good house, but not as good a one as we had expected to see. As usual the " veritable " amused his hearers from first to last with his many- sided humour and great musical talent ; and Mr. Lewis performed some fresh magical tricks. The band, under the conductorship of Mr. J. S. Smith, assisted the entertain- ment, and Mr. Osborne played two selections from operas with good execution and taste. Mr. Barlow proceeds to Albury, where he will no doubt receive an hearty welcome. Before closing this notice of the entertain- ment we must allude to the low manner in which Mr. Barlow was interrupted during the evening by the blackguardly behaviour of a few young men who made themselves insultingly prominent in the back seats. We especially noticed one youth who strived hard to make himself notorious, and suc- ceeded admirably in doing so. Although we do not think Mr. Barlow will associate the insulting behaviour to which he was sub- jected on Monday night with the name and people of Wagga, yet we deem it is the duty of those who are expected to prevent row- dyism becoming rampant in our midst to make an example of such characters as those to whom we have referred. It is to be hoped that if a similar scene is enacted on another occasion the " star" of the play will be summarily removed to " fields and pastures" more suited to his nature, and peace-loving people left to enjoy themselves without being coarsely and impudently interrupted. AT the Police Court yesterday, before the Police Magistrate, Thomas Jones, charged with drunkenness, was fined 10s., with the alternative of one week's imprisonment. James Warren, an apprentice from the Randwick Asylum, to Mr. Fitzsimons, tailor, appeared on summons charged by his employer with unlawfully absenting himself from his service. Defendant pleaded that complainant beat him. Complainant admit- ted having chastised the boy for staying away too long on an errand upon which he had sent him. The boy having, after it was proposed to give him three days solitary confinement, consented to return to his work an order was made accordingly. According to their announcement, Messrs. W. H. M. and Co. offered at auction on Mon- day the hotel and buildings at Narandera, occupied by Mr. Stratfull, at Narandera, and 10 acres of land for the executors of the late J. J. Flood. The whole was purchased by Messrs. Max Monash and Co. NOT a little consternation has been caused amongst the inmates of a house located in Kin- caid-street, through what appears to be the visitations of some mysterious thing capable of rapping at street doors, and on housetops, without being seen, although watched care- fully by more than one vigilant eye. Turning to particulars, we are informed that Mrs. Smith, wife of Mr. Smith of Smith and Jaye, was disturbed on several nights last week by knocks and other noises, coming apparently from the front door and roof of her house. Watch was kept, but although the noises did not cease, the cause could not be, and has not as yet been discovered. We understand that on one night one of the police and several smart individuals, concealed themselves, in the hope of catching the mischievous sprite in the act of his evil doing ; but despite their ener- getic efforts, he or she, as the case may be, continued to play pranks, much to the disgust of his or her would-be capturers. If it would not be impertinent on our part, we should suggest that the neighbours of Mrs. Smith, if interrogated, might be able to throw light on the, at present, unsolved mystery. Such a thing can be done as attaching a stone to an elastic string, and throwing it so that after hitting its mark it would spring back to its owner unobserved. WE learn that it has been decided by one or two local gentlemen to address a petition to the Mayor, asking him to call a public meeting for the purpose of discussing the ad- visability of requesting the Government to buy that cause of so many local squabbles and heart-burnings—the bridge. It is to be hoped that something definite will be done in the matter, and the casus belli removed effectually. THE steamer Corowa, chartered by the Wagga Wagga Steam Navigation Company, arrived at the wharf on Monday evening, with a large general cargo, the manifest of which will be found elsewhere. Regrets are expressed that she brought no potatoes with her, as none are to be had in town. APART from its pastoral capacity, the dis- trict about Wagga promises to become an agricultural centre—in a limited way, cer- tainly. We hazard this remark after being informed that instead of wheat being bought at Tumut for Wagga consumption, as was formerly the ease, the Tumutites are now buying the commodity here. THE mining interest in Riverina is strenu- ously advancing. The Albury Banner writes : —" A new reef has been discovered by Messrs. Post and Co., near Lankey's Creek, a distance of some two miles in a south-westerly direction from the township. The reef is 3ft. wide and can be traced on the surface for a considerable distance. Gold is freely visible and good payable prospects have been ob- tained by crushing small samples." Regarding another gold-field, the same journal says :—" Mining is being steadily prosecuted in the neighborhood of Albury, at the Black Range and Hawksview, and a fair amount of gold is being got, regard being had to the comparatively small number of men en- gaged in the industry. Recently a crushing of 200 tons was completed at Hawksview, the yield from which was 66ozs. gold ; a fairly remunerative return to the leaseholders of the ground." MESSRS. JAMES FORSYTH AND CO., of Hay, announce in our advertising columns that Messrs. Permewan, Hunt, and Co., of Mel- bourne, have purchased the business of the late Mr. D. J. Coghill, of Echuca, and that they will act in future as agents at Echuca and Melbourne for the Hay Steam Naviga- tion Company and Messrs. Forsyth and Go. THE bridge over the Billabong, at Goonam- bil, is, we learn, open for traffic. This will be good news for travellers and drovers. Last week's number of Melbourne Punch contains a clever sketch, which is a severe satire upon monied people who go to church regularly, and as regularly place threepence iu the collector's plate. The picture depicts a lady's hand, bedizened with rings innu merable, dropping a threepence into tho plate, and styled 11 St. Peter's L'ence." This refers to the churchwardens of Sfc. Peter's Church report, which states that the average coin given by the fashionable congregation of that fashionable Melbourne church during tho year is the veritable "bit." " Let your left liaud not know what thy right doeth." It is said that under the s uperintendence of M. Frere, a Ifreuch expert in tlio manu facture of wine, who recently catno out to Mr. Fallon, of Albury, the making of colonial champagne is likely to be a success. The Government Gazette publishes a large number of reserves which havo been made for various purposes, and no doubt many more will follow. Complaints have been made-by the people of some few districts, objecting to the large extent of land thus withdrawn from sale and selection; but such complaints are made, evidently, with out cause, and arc indefensible. In fact, the reserves for the self same purposes are being asked for daily, and memorials in our own district are now in course of signature, ask ing that similar reserves maybe made in this district. Ileservea for travelling stock, 011 which to rest half«iwnilo each side of main roads; and reserves also for water supply. In our opinion the Government deserve great credit for their prompt action in the matter; the same course ought to have been taken years back* The Government Gazette of the 20th August contains a notification that the third meeting in the Insolvent Estate of John Clark, of Wagga, will be held at the Insol vency Court, .Sydney, ou Wednesday, the 20th of .September next. A reserve of G-iO acres to protect isolated water on back country has been made ou Bye Bun, at Bye Waterhole, on the road from Gongolgan to Cobar ; another on the same run and same road of 040 acres at Byo Bock Well. These reserves are about *20 miles west of the Bogan, adjoining Glcnarilf Block H. Another valuable reserve has been made on'Wcst Bogan, No. 11 Bun, giving an area of about 15 square miles, dccribed as follows :—Commencing on the left bank ut the Bogan llivcr, half a mile above Back ungy Waterhole ; thence a line west 20 degrees south about lo miles to the back boundary of the run ; thence by the run boundary northerly 1 mile ; theucc a line cast 20 degrees north to the Bogan ltiver, and by the river upwards to the commencing point. This will open up the Bogan Biver waters to the Ulenarilf ruus, belonging to Mr. A. G. Jones, comprising over 500 square miles of country. Wk understand that the Hon. Michael Q'Grady, formerly one of the Victorian Government, and a ■well-known politician in that colouy, has been paying a visit to Wagga, and, we believe, left for Albtiry by the mail this morning. Mr. O'Grady is, we are sorry to learn, iu bad health, through which cause he has been compelled to seek for change of air and rest from his business. Oim; " Laud Notes " will be found in our fourth page. Fkom our telegraphic intelligence, pub lished elsewhere, we are glad to learn that the P. and O. mail steamer (with our frieuds the Carandinis on board), which was sup posed to have been lost, has arrived ut Galle, though ten days behind proper time. What appears to be au attempt at in cendiarism, was tried upon the workshop of Mr. Jilake, coachbuilder, situated in John* stone-street, late on .Saturday night, or early on Sunday morning. From the information supplied to us, wc learn that when, on .Sun day morning, a man employed by Mr. Blake entered the premises in (question, he dis covered on the floor some burnt patches. To all appearances the wood shavings had been set ou lire in four places, but had gone out. Enquiries, we are told, have been made, but with no result. To us it seems as if the per son who set fire to the shavings must have put it out, for otherwise we cannot conceive how such inflammable matter as that lit could have smouldered out, especially when iircd in several places. It is reported that a certain person in town is suspected, but there is no proof for the surmise. It is also reported that an ill-feeling, arising out of trade jealousy, exists towards Mr. .Blake. Wc may mention that the premises were in sured only so late as Friday last. The police, we understand, are on the look out to clear up the mystery. As promised in our last issue, "we have carefully read the letter headed "Facts v. Fiction," and have compared the MS sent tons with thatpublishcd in the columns of ourlocal contemporary on the 14th iust. The decision wc have arrived at after the perusal and com parison, is that the portions excised by the Editor of the Express do not allect the dis puted point in any way, and arc decidedly insulting, if not libellous. It our corres pondents are of opinion that they have been misrepresented, and unjustly maligned by "Justitia," they have the choice of proceed ing legally against him, if his name is sur rendered up, or, if it is refused, against the medium which gave light to his assertions. Tub following particulars regarding the Jubilee of the Catholic Church for 1S70 ap pears in a contemporar}7:—"The devotional excersises of the Jubilee are to be com menced in Yass, ou the 29th ; in Burrowa, on the 5th of September; in Adelong, on the 10th ; in Tumut, on the 10th, and ou the same day foundations of the new church are to be blessed there ; in Wagga Wagga, the 17th of October ; in Hay, the tflst, ou which day the new church is to be blessed ; in Corowa, the 14th ; in Dcniliquin, the 7th of November; iu Albury, the 21st; in Gunda gai, the 2Stli. In connection with the Tu mut services,the Very llcv. Dr. Bermingham of Wagga Wagga, will preach on Sunday, the 19th September, at 11 a.m., when the foundation stone of the new church is to be laid. Dr. Berinitigham will also preach each evening during the Jubilee." The experiment of transmitting messages from Sydney to Melbourne direct by Wheat stone's, automatic system was* successfully carried through 011 Tuesday last, 6113s the Argus, when all the business from Sydney was received direct by one Wheatstono iiy»tru .irient at the rate of 90 words a' minute. Owing to the want of a punching staif at the Melbourne oflicc to prepare the tape for the automatic instrument, the. transmission of messages from Melbourne to Sydney b.v this system has not been attempted. The AVJieat stone instrument used lias been brought- from Sydney by Sir. Craeknell, the superintendent of telegraphs iu 2vew South Wales, who for the past fortnight has. been, engaged in explaining tlio working of the system to the. operators 111 fcho • Melbourne ofllce,"Vitli the object of having it permanent lv employed be tween Sydney and Melbourne. Insolvents arc touched up gently • by " Attieus" in the Lender us follows - "Humanity is too apt to exaggerate the evils that threaten it. Scarcely - any misfortune turns out to bo us bad us. was at first cxpeeted. IIow often do we hour of criminals who have for months eluded justice, harassed by fear of capture, being at last wearied out, and giving themselves tip to the law, feeling a sense of relief when they hear the door of the cell turned upon litem, and they know the worst is over ? A friend of mine who had a difference of opinion with his creditors, affords a remarkable instance of the correctness of mv assertion. Black scowls met him on every side, every hand was raised against him, friends descried him, foes surrounded him, insolvency stared him in the face; but the dread of taking the fatal plunge made his days wretched and his nights sleepless. At last lie was forced to file his schedule. Like the transformation scene of a pantomime, everything changed. He found himself amongst men who regarded insolvency as an everyday occurrence. The assets were cash, so the assignee, seeing that his fees were safe, and that-there was, besides, the prospect of a little commission, held out the hand of good fellowship. The insolvent told ine that the .happiest moment of his life wns when he paid over his cash balance to the official assignee. The horse trade between Australia and India appears to "be on the increase. The Border Tost writes on the subject:—On Saturday last Mr. James Lawler of the firm of Messrs Lawler and "Warren, crossed the Union iBridge into Victoria, in charge of 221 horses destined as remounts for the Indian army. They were a line lot of animal?, vary ing from four to five years, and picked from several stations in Xew ^South Wales. -Amongst others, there were 2G from Mr. »Fas. Mitchell's, Tabletop : 100 from Mr. Campbells, Dun troon ; some from Mr. Massev's, Gundaroo ; and others from Mr. Douglas's, Upper Murray. The pedigrees showed that they had the best strains of blood amongst then), as they could, so to speak, boast of .Snowdcus, Uuekstoues, Prime Minister*, Calibans, and other sires of equal repute. The lot, with others up to 200, will be embarked on board the ship Berkshire, which sails from Ifobson's Uav for Calcutta on the 20th instant. The 13anner ftates, on the same subject, that Mr. ]f. M'lllree, of NYodonga, is about to make a shipment of horses to India, and it is his in tention to proceed with the vessel, and per sonally dispose of the animals. Should the venture prove successful, an impetus will be given to horsc-lmvding in the border districts of xSew South Wales and Victoria that cannot fail to prove beneficial. Considering the number of excellent sires that are to be found in the district, it is matter for surprise that greater attention is not paid to horse-breeding by favourites and graziers, for although rais ing "weeds" has proved and is likely to prove an unprofitable occupation, horses of the right stamp will always command a good price in tlie market. As respects the Snowball copper mine, which was bouio time ago leased from Mr. Mandelson by Mr. Kyron Deer, we learn, says the Tmnut Times, that a co-oper ative company, twenty in number, and eon &\st\ng entirely of working shareholders— miners and smelters—has been formed to carry on operations, which were to bo com menced at the mine during the present week. The success of a company of this kind formed by Mr. Deer to work tho Currawang copper mine, near Goulbtirn, some tliixo or four years ago, caused a great rush/for shares in the company we now refer to; aiid it is to be hoped that the shareholders, as well as the proprietors of the mine, will have, good cause to be satisfied with the success of. tills undertaking. • ; Wb understand (says thcGuudogai Times) that Mr. Mason, surveyor, has completed the trial survey of the route front Gundagai to Coramandra via Jones Creek. Thus Un versed the distance between the two town ships is about 30^ miles, and the line sur veyed by Mr. Mason is marked throughout by pegs, painted red, driven into the ground, the trees being also blazed with a red streak, so that in daylight travellers unacquainted with the bush can safely and easily follow this short cut. . The JTay (Jrnzicr writes:—"The Euro pean and Australian Bank (Limited), recently started in Melbourne has been sending out its "promises topay "Jor rather its note issuc3 into this part of itivcrina' We advise our readers who may be taking them for cash, that both the local banks here, viz., the A. .T. S. Dank and Hank of New South Wales arc charging Gd in the .C for cashing these notes. This note circulation is as cause and effect in view of the present (high rates for money, and the difliculty of ob taining it just now in Melbourne." It is notified that on August 5 David Bourkc. of Hay, bootmaker, lilcd his sche dule. Liabilities, £357 tis. lid.; assets, .G'*25 IGs. Od. Mr. Mackenzie, ollicial assignee. 1 The lirst and only meeting in the estate is to be held at Deniliquin on Wednesday, 8th September next. Ouk friciuls at Hay are evidently deter* mined to rival us in the matters of a race course and grand stand. The Grazier says : —" Twenty-four cork elms and wlnte cedar trees have been planted in the saddling pad dock. A grand stand is about to be com menced, and the fencing oE the coursc is progressing quickly. When tin's fence is completed, the enclosed ground will be let by auction, as it will form a large grazing paddock." Mu. Michakl Donnum/v, of Bcrambula, lias been buying horses in the Tumut district for the purpose of sending thcru to his brother on the Darling I'iver, where stock of that description is not to be had at almost any figure. Mr. Donnelly gave good prices, but was unsuccessful in getting the number required." Tin-: Border Post says tliat the Postmaster General will visit the City of Melbourne for the purpose of conferring with the new Post master-General of Victoria relative to the i despatch of the English mails by tho over : land route. It is further understood that the subject of facilitating intercolonial tele grams will be discussed. Whatever arrange ments will be entered into tho acquiescence of of Mr. C. Todd, C.M.G., superintendent of telegraphs, South Australia, will be invited. A movement is on foot to dispense with the repeating stations of Mount Gainbier and Albury, as, by means of the appliances of fresh inventions to science, through messages can be sent from Adelaide to Melbourne, from thence to Sydney, and rice versa, thus doing away with the expense and loss of time incurred in repeating intercolonial messages. JiiTH khto free from notoriety of any kind —objectionable or otherwise—our district is likely to become famous for supernatural visitations (says the Tumut Times). Two ghosts have been seen latoly, one at a certain spot between this and Adelong, the other at Reedy Flat. The first mentioned pays regular nocturnal visits to a party of road makers in the direction mentioned, but vanishes whenever threatening measures are resorted to. A hammer, for instance, was thrown at him, or her (for the sex is not quite certain), the other night, but without killing or disabling the intruder. The pre sumption is, it must have gone clean through the visitor, for a straight aim was taken, and a miss impossible. However, no body, dead or injured, or any part thereof, could be dis covered. That at Jteeity Flat assumes the form of a candidate for marriage, and comes to regain the affections of his intended bride, which were nipped before fruition by the death of him who now takes this unusual form of renewing his addresses. The lady is frightened out of her wits, and bolts the moment the candidate appears. The police have been consulted in the matter, and have given such instructions us may lead to the unravelling of these unpleasant mysteries. A SUNSATIOXAL action will be tried, pays the Maryborough Advertiser. It- .is an action to recover • £2,000 damages for breach of promise of marriage and seduc tion, in which the plaintiff, a well-educated aiid accomplished young lady, was for several years a governess at Maryborough, and the defendant is a gentleman of good position, and the owner of valuable station property in this neighbourhood. The young lady is at present in the Lying-in Hospital' in Melbourne. There arc some circumstances of a most pain ful nature iu connexion with the case, but it does not lio within our province to refer to them at- the present time. "We may state, however, that suchsympathy is shown for the plaintiff in this sad affair that Mr. M'Dcrmott, of Rallarat, Mr. J. ,T. Casey, and, we believe, Mr. R. J).' Ireland, Q.C., have chivalrously un dertaken to conduct llio case for her without fee or reward, unciseveral prominent and influ ential .men in Melbourne' will assist, her in every possible away." The following particu lars arc. also given about the above matter:— " The action will he brought! against Mr.: 3). 3). Sanson, of Charlotte X'laine. The plaintiff is a Mies Galvin, formerly k school teacher and governess, now, or lately, iu the Lying-in-. Hospital,''Melbourne. The affair is much talked of, as the cause of action includes the seduction of the unfortunate girl, who, it may bo stated, is alleged to bo related-to an ex Minister of the Crown." • 