MIRACLES. Meanwhile it is of consequence for us to say, and it is of consequence that it be understood, that this miraculous opera tion of the Holy Ghost had not the sacred writers themselves for its object — for these were only His instruments, and were soon to pass away ; but that its objects were the holy books themselves, which were destined to reveal from age to age, to the church, the counsels of God, and which were never to pass away. The power then put forth on those men of God, and of which they themselves were sensible only in very dif ferent degrees, has not been precisely defined to us. Nothing authorises us to explain it. Scripture has never presented either its manner or its measure as an object of study. What it offers to our faith is solely the inspiration of what they say — the divinity of the book they have written. In this respect it recognises no differences among them. What they say, they tell us, is theopneustic : their book is from God. Whether they recite the mysteries of a past more ancient than the crea tion, or those of a future more remote than the coming again of the Son of man, or the eternal counsels of the Most High, or the secrets of man's heart, or the deep things of God — whether they describe their own emotions, or relate what they remember, or repeat contemporary narratives, or copy over genealogies, or make extracts from uninspired documents — their writing is inspired, their narratives are directed from above ; it is always God who speaks, who relates, who ordains or reveals by their mouth, and who, in order to do this, employs their personality in different measures : for 'the Spirit of God has been upon them/' it is written, ' and His word has been upon their tongue.' And though it be always the word of man, since they are always men who utter it, it is always, too, the word of God, seeing that it is God who superintends, employs, and guides them. They give their narratives, their doctrines, or their commandments, 'not with the words of man's wisdom, but with the words taught by the Holy Ghost ; ' and thus it is that God himself has not only put His seal to all these facts, and constituted Himself the author of all these commands, and the revealer of all these truths, but that, further, He has caused them to be given to His church in the order, and in the , measure, and in the terms which He has deemed most suitable to His heavenly purpose. Were we asked, then, how this work of divine inspiration has been accomplished in the men of God, we should reply, that we do not know ; that it does not behove us to know ; and that it is in the same ignorance, and with a faith quite of the same kind, that we receive the doctrine of the new birth and sanctification of a soul by the Holy Ghost. We believe that the Spirit enlightens that soul, cleanses it, raises it, comforts it, softens it. We perceive all these effects : we admire and we adore the cause ; but we have fouud it our duty to be content never to know the means by which this is done. Be it the same, then, with regard to divine inspiration.- — Gaussen's Theopneustia. 