Fighting' it Out. There wns a French rogimont in which duolling was all tlio rage. Tho ofiicors were always fighting oncli other, or cottine: up little affairs with tho officors of otlior regiments. At last tho "War i Office, wearied out pf patiouco, changed tho Commanding officer. A colonel was sent down who would bo sure to stamp out sucli nonsonse. A fow days after his arrival two of tlio officors came to nsk his permission to go out nnd figlit. To tlio amazement of ovory body, lie gave bis cousont ; tlio officers wentfortli to fight, tlioy slightly wounded each otlior, and 'honour wns satisfied,' as tho;pliraso goos upon tlioso occasions. . They were no - sooner recovorod than they recoivod an ordor to wait upon tho colonel. ' You hnvo to go out and figlit again to- morrow' lio said : and as tlioy lookod at him with questioning astonish ment ho explained, '"Wlion officers fight in the regiment I have tho honour to command, they kill, Go !' Tho offioer went out again, aud this timo mado right good holes in each otlior, which it took them six months to heal. The story is very horriblo. They woro sont out again and again, and nt last thoy killed each other ; but henceforth for over in that regimont, and it good 'many besides, there was an end of duelling. Tlio fato of tlio young men who woro sacrificed to bring about such a result was snd ; but they brought it 'on tkom- solves, inasmuch as boing . fully nwaro that this eplonol was sont to ropress duelling tlioy clioso almost on arrival to demand that bo should stultify him self and permit thorn to liavo tlieir way. It is, - wo: have said, only 'on tlio condi tion ofj tho . duel being thoroughly in oarnost and a fight to tho dontli that it was a raison d'etre in modern society ; and the history of this Froncli regimont proves that it flourishes in tlieseniodcrn days chiefly on tho credit of being innocuous. Whon tho duel comes really to moan death, and not merely nn excliango of shots, it must bo an oveiit of the rarest occurrence in rofinod society.' Wo shall not undertake to kill each other without tho most irresist ible reasons ; and if wo can settle our bargains without killing, wo may laugh at tho codo of honour which insists upon pistols. There is a comical story told of two Americans- who settlod theirqunrrel in a- fashion which would liavo mado tlio hair on a Parisianfencing-mastorhristle with horror, but wbicli, novorthelcss had an inspiration of common sonso in . it. Tlioy woro both in love with the same lady, and it became necessary to tlioir feelings tliat they should figlit for possossion of hor. One of tlio two must clearly, bo put out of tbo way. Yet- jiyliy should they kill each. other ? Thojjptire each other no malice ; oach woultt bo glad tliat tho otlior should spood with somo otlior fair ono ; tlioy only insisted on being left in solo possossion of the lady in dispute. Tho question resolved itsolf to a simple issue — wliicb was tlio hotter sliot? And they determined to sottlo this question hy shooting, not at oach otlior, but a tieoi Tlio treo was shot at ; tlio inferior marksman perforce admitted tliat lie would, liavo boon annihilated by bis rival; and agroed to vanish,' not by giving up tlio ghost, but by loaviug tlio couqjxy. Horo woro allj tlio results of A duel obtained without itsmock-lioroics and without liioro tragody than bolongs to all ronunciation.- -The World. 