Telegraphic. Stanthorpe. [From OUR OWN Correspondent.] February 27. Heavy rain fell last night and a strong easterly gale has been blowing since yesterday afternoon. The creeks are flooded, and there is every ap- pearance of more rain. Warwick. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] February 26. The receipts of tin ore at the railway station this week, amount to 83 tons 14cwt. 1qr 26lbs. A steady rain has been falling, and strong winds have been prevalent for the last few days. The Condamine River is rising very rapidly, and there is every appearance of a flood. Melbourne. [AUSTRALIAN ASSOCIATED PRESS.] February 25. The Whampoa, s., brings dates from London to January 1. The second-class passengers have addressed a letter to the Melbourne Argus com- plaining of the bad accommodation and treat- ment they received during the passage. The principal items of news consist of the detailed accounts of the burning off the Cape of Good Hope of the Cospatrtck, emigrant ship, from London to New Zealand. The receipt of the intelligence of the catas- trophe caused the most profound sensation throughout England. The representatives of the Press from all parts were present at the landing of the survivors at Plymouth, and special means, regardless of expense, were re- sorted to to obtain the most reliable informa- tion. The narrative of Mr. M'Donald, the second mate, gives horrifying accounts of their suffer- ings in an open boat. Those who escaped from the burning ship, about thirty, were reduced to three, by death through madness in drinking salt water. The survivors sucked the blood of their dead comrades, and ate portions of their bodies. The particulars of the scene on board the ves- sel during the outbreak of the fire are most heartrending. [Detained by interruption to communication. ] We are informed that Messrs. R. M. Stewart. M.L.A.; F. Beattie, M.L.A.; J. R. Dickson, M.L.A.; B. D. Morehead, M.L.A.; and E. B. Forest, have been appointed members of a com- mission to enquire into, and report upon, the whole question of additional wharfage accom- modation for this port. TELEGRAPHIC communication with Toowoomba, Warwick and Stanthorpe, was resumed in the course of Saturday morning, and later in the day was opened with Tenterfield, the line remaining clear throughout yesterday. Upon the resump- tion of business a few messages, bearing date Thursday evening, from Melbourne and Sydney, were received from Tenterfield, but in conse- quence of interruptions on the New South Wales portion of the line suspending communication, the business of Friday, Saturday, and yesterday, from the neighboring colonies, has not yet reached Tenterfield for transmission to Brisbane. All messages for the southern colonies have been forwarded from the head office, Brisbane, to Tenterfield Communication with all the Northern Ports still remains entirely closed, and it is feared that some days must elapse before the whole of the circuits are again in working order. THE river last night, attained a greater height than at any previous time during this flood going right up to the wharfinger's cottage at the A.S.N. Company's wharf. Stanley and other streets in South Brisbane were submerged in several places the water rising close to Nolan's Hotel, and making communication a very round- about matter. Some residents in Hope street have, we hear, been compelled to abandon their houses. The state of affairs on the North side behind the Gaol is most unpleasant. Nearly half of the Church of England Cemetery is sub- merged, and some of the residents in the vicinity have been flooded out. At several of the wharves it was found necessary to set to work yesterday with men and drays and shift goods beyond the point where they had been secured when the flood was thought to have been at its highest. YVsimim ti ifho was lestimed on the ral w i}, i tram having been got through fioiu Ipswich to Oxley Point. Great aire- was found necess u}, aud the tup occupied no less than five hours to the Point Two coaches left Cobb and Co s }ard it 11 o clock yesterday morning, taking, passengers for the tram on the return trip, anti took the louie along the north side to the b idge There the pujsetigers weio femed ovei bv boat llxcepttug tho list mile, winch wa» extremel} soft and boggy, the road w-is m f ur condition considei nig, and the coaches got b ick to tonn with the passengers from the tram without mi} accident ot difliculty Wepiesiune they will run again to day OWIM to the steadv wayiu which the weathei seemed to hav e settled last week for ceaseless min, the committee of the Eight Hours' Demon stnittin did not determine till Finlay evening liest to cany out the programme us proposed Their eflorts in the meantime to induce the business people of the eit) to clooo their estab lishtiietrts on the day appointed for the demon btrahon were, on the whole, veiy successful und the loinmittee lufoun us that amongst all the silo) keepers m Brisbane and Fortitude V tiley upon whom they waited for tins purpose they met vi ith hut eight refusals The committee deslíe to apologise for not publishing, on Satur day 1 ist, the uameo of those who so courteously iceeded to their request, as up to late on Friday theie was some doubt whether the weathei would huv epei mittedof thedemoustrntion taking pi ice at ill Theie now, however, seems a piol ibiht} of the trades having a fine daj foi their di»pl i), raid the arrangements to be earned out are is follow -The procession wall foi in at the Union Hotel at half-p ist 8 o clock this morning , it will proceed down Ann 6treet to Biimswick street, thence to \\.\ichham street, through i\ lckham street to Queen street, up (Jiuen stteet to George streot, down George street to Vhee sheet, and into tho Gardens by tin Albe, t street gate at foot of Alice street. Game» and dancing wall then bo commenced, and with the issistanco of the Hibernian hand and the Volunteer fife and di um baud, which kindly give then sen ices, the committee hope to make the demonstration a success, and to enable all who visit the Gardens to passai veiy pleasant day Tur traffic earnings of the Southern and Western Railway for the week ending February 20, are as follow -Passenger fares, £572 14s , gooilB and live stock, ¿1380 8s 2d , parcels and miscellaneous, £til 10s , total, £2020 12s 2d, showing an increase over the corresponding week last year of £118 Is 2d. Sun lets were conducted yestcrdiy m the. Piiuntive Methodist Church, Leichhardt street, hy the ltev L AntliB, D D The congregation» wore large, mel the collections moro liberal than in thit church on my former occasion At the evening services the church was tlentiely crowded and on both occasions Dr Antill! most favoribly luipi eased his hearers by the exceedingly clear forcible, and generally attractive character of his distomse rlhe rai gentlemm leaves foj; Rockhimpton to morrow, but will this evening delnei i lectuie on the subjtct of "Domestic happiness, and how to secure it TV same lecture has been dclntred by Dr Antha m S}dney, aud his been most f ivortbly noticed by the Press, d no doubt this opportunity of hearing so able a lecturer and distinguished a divine will be mailed of b} miny persons 7Hi Northern Donna Jotke} Club have chingedthedii}sof the next anun ii races from the 8th ind 9th to the 9th mid 10th of June, and have lietellmned to throw open the Trial Stakes to "the produce of mares, being the bona fide property of residents io. Queenshnd at the time of service, instead of being confined to Queensland bi ed colts and lillies, as originally proposed This is in îuiproi ement, as by the former Arrangement- man} ovcelleut horses must be shut out whose owners nie resident m Queeuslind I iib foundation stoae of a new Wesleyan Chinch was laid in Warwick on the 24th ultimo, b} Mrs W G liiylor, wife of the Hov H G Iiylor Tht lady, m laying tht «tone, said - " I pioiiounce this stone well und truly laid, m the name of tho Father, and of tie Son, and of the Holy Ghost A bottle, rout lining copies of tho local papers, a hymn bool, current COIUB of the realm, and a sample of pn.se wheat wns deposited under the atnie Thi millet and silvor trow el used on the occasion, both beautiful specimens of colonial irt, were piesented tb Mi's 'lvylor, on behalf of the sub Bcnbeis, b} Mr D Clarl e At a meeting subsequently held, the Btv W G Taylor read the financial statement, from which it appears that the total iniount promised, and otherwisi m hand, is ¿.160ri )» (id , that the cost of the present contrict, cvclimve of plastering, will «mount to ¿1302 10s , and thit the church, when complete, is cstim ited to cost (including land, fencing, internal httings, X.c ) about £2000 Hestiongl} uiged u'on the members the de- sirability of opening the church free of debt. It would be a ciedit to the town, ind one which the} could be proud of We (/'«immer) under- stand that tho piocecds of the tti meetinc, and mono} Hld on the stone it the foundation tere moil}, ulong with the volunt.ii} promises of money made in the eieiimg, m connection with which a great amount of spn it w is shown by th» meeting, will amount to the hrgo sum of between £2-40 and £250, winch specks very well for the liberality of the Wesleyaus of Warwick, especially considering the very large tffirts previously made b} the members if that church A Coitnnsi ONin-VT at ltoscwood f ivors us with the following account of in ict of great bravery peí foi med b} a South Sea Islander in that ueighboi hood, during the lecent Hoods, and we nie gild to see that the gill mtiy of the man is not to go without substantial lewant Our coi respondent si} s -A noble deed wis done on the 24th instant bj i bouth Sea Isländer n mied Paulina A Oci man, n mied Iianschildt, had el ossed the Western Creek bi ldge in safety on 1 w elk md jaded horse, and ess i} ed to cross the flood across tho mam mad with a view to. re ich the ltoiowood station Ile was seen by Mr Scot Smith to be lu ging his lnrse, which re- fused to cross The lesult w is that the hors» fell ovei the cordillo} winch founs the ipproatlt to the cub ei t, mil man md be est w ert at once irt deep w itei A goo 1 horso and caira rider would have bud no difficulty m getttng out, but the result of their oflorts w is to send them down the cm rent, the mau clinging to the horse, which was ippii ditly dead Mr Sm li at once called Paulina who nu down to the creek and plunged m AN lth skill and strength almost incredible, he succeeded m releitsnig the mun from tht horse md tow ed lum into shallow water He was speedllj îcstored by the skill of i "bush doe toi, whochiuccd to be on the spot, ind went home next day minus hoist, saddle, and bridle, Mid bit 1 hope } ou will insert this for the s iko of doini, honor to « bmvc ma A »cib sci lption is on foot to buy him something as i inn k of mr tsttem for bim here lill tallowing is a hbt of the dtfendedcaseb set dow u for heirmg at the Petty Debt« Court on to monow (luesdiy) -John Summen» v \- A\ illinois, repiunng a fence, ¿1, Edmond Hoclschci v Spi iwlts and Bioker, goods «old, £2 6s j Id Stephen Har¡,rci\c \ George Newton, w an mt} of a boree, V 6 , J Wy ville i W C Power, woik mel labor, £1 bs Sd. , K. r Hall \ thomas Dow dall, work and laboi, C4 10s (p ud into c nu t ?2 10s), James Brum low v ldwud Aictorseu, fencing, £2 9s liichnrd Coles v II Bimhill, goods sold £2 2s id (pud into court, 4s Od ), John Summers v George RiL,gs, woik and labor, £30 AT the Gil} Police Court, m Saturday, before the Voting Police Migistrate, one inebríate was fined IO-1, or twenty four horn's in the lock-up -James i olden, seaman, on remand, was eliirged with being illegally on certain premise* foi the pin pose of committing i felony J Ti Scow en, piopnetor of the behool of Arts Hotel, Queen street, said thit on Tinta} morning he bend a noise m his }ard, and saw the pnsoner m in open "-lied thoi e where the groom used to sleep , he watched prisoner foi some time, until he went twice towards the kitchen, the door of. which wv> fastened Witness went for a con stable, I ut ni the mc intime pi isolier got over i fence, md rai down Queen street, he w is foi low eil, and w as seen to go on board the i lorenc* Irviug, steamer Witness told pnsoner he belonged to the police, and thereupon he went quiet!} with him to the lotk up Constable Minogue, w itchouse keeper, deposed, to sen ching prisoner on his armai at the lock- up, but did not find my thing of v alue on him. For the defence prisoner called Joseph Mann, l,e waiter it the hotel, who admitted that he h id been com icted of an ofieuce by the city Bench, aud further stated that he had asked pnsouei to call him on I nday morning The Bench did not think felonious intent w its proved, but sent pnsonei to gaol for fourteen diys, with, hard laboi, forhivuig no visible means of sup- port.-Thomis Myers, laboi er, was also charged with being on certain premises with intent to tournait i felony Artliui G Manning, clerk in. the Australian Joint Stock Kink said he bved at Milton About 1 o clotk on 1 ridav morning, he ben d a noise igainst a Venetian blind of his hou«e as ii someone was trying to open it , he weilt out and heard someone walkejuickl} iway after tli.it ho heard someone come back, ind i perron moving m the house again drove whoever it was away 'Witness did not íecognise who it was outside the house Constable Milott said sbortl} ifter midnight on Inda} morning he was on duty m Tank street, and *-i\v pnsoner coimug along Kurth Quay, m the ilntction of Stilton , witness followed him closel} for some distance, whon he disippeared thiough « gatewa} , witness then went to Mr Manning s gate, and saw pnsoner coming quickl} from the house he allowed him to get out of the gîte and then stopped bun and asked him what he wis domg there , he replied that he wis only taking a stroll, witness then announced himself is i policeman, and brought the prisoner to the lock up, where he was searched, biit nothing of any value was found on him-The Bench considered the case cleirly proved, nnrt sentenced prisoner to one month's unpnsonment with hard labor 