GENERAL NEW Private Californian news to tire 8tli November, received via Sydney, quotes freight from S m Franci-.co to the United Kingdom at £2 los, to £3, 'Wheat was dull at $1.25 per cental, and barky lowiu price. The rainfall between 9 a.m. on Satur Aaelaido Blioman Port Augusta... Melrose Georgetown ... Eu:ra Clare Auburn ... Kadina V.'.Alxreo Ho.mta Elanchetopn... Kapuada Taouiida as follows:— 0*3-40 Gawler 0-425 1'CGO Gbimerr.cha ... 0-690 0 210 Wiilunga 0-830 1*340 NGimanvil-e ... 0 310 0100 Cape Jervis ... 0-570 0-580 f ort Elliot 073S 0 22') Gooiwa 0-5L0 0 0S9 Mannuin 0-310 1-030 Mount Barker.. 0 050 0-200 Stra'Lalbyn ... 1*100 0-150 0-399 Men'ngie Kobe Town ... 1-250 0-560 0 240 Navracoerte ... 2-410 0-510 Penola, 2A00 0 429 V/crA worth ... 0*440 The Adelaide Tire Brigade met on Ea-;t- lerrscs on Monday movaing, at 0 o'clock, for practice. There were two horse-reek.', end two lumd-roe'a, with 19 firemen present. She Superintendent gave tlera one hour's drill, , which proved the plant all ia good working order, and the firemen weil acquainted with their duties. Each and all exerted themselves to their utmost to achieve the triumph cf | Laving ihs water first turned on and at work. Each reel took its posit;sn at four separate fire plugs, and at a signal give:; by iho Superinten dent, the four reels 3tavlcd to exchange -places, run off from each reel and uncouple three lengths of Less-pipe, open a fire-plug, screw in a standpipe, attach the three lengths of hose pipe, screw on a branch pipe to the kc-:-e-pipe, and turn on the water. This drill was re peated several times, and was accomplished by | No. 1 Keel in one minute and five seconds, the other three reels following in quick order. The crushing at the Lady Alice Mine during the last fortnight produced 74 o;;s. and some edd awes, of retorted gold, besides copper ore. The battery was delayed dm log the crushing, owng to something having gone wrong with the pumps. A meeting is io be held at Mitch am this evening to crosihr " the question of the new central schoolroom.'' Thi3 evening, as will be seen by an advertisement in another column, Mr. Fair clough will give lecltals at the Town Hall, Port Adelaide. We have received from Mr. George Robertson, bookseller, of King Wiliiain- strcet, his book circular for November. It contains the latest publications. An advertisement states that the sale of the Township ot North Halbury, advertised to take place on the 14th instant, ka3 bom unavoidably postponed till the 18th insfc. A porter named Charles Woods met with au accident at the Gawler l'ai'way Station on Saturday morning, December 11, and died two hours afterwards. An inquest was held in the evening. Persons interested in sericieulture are invited by Mrs. Lindsay to inspect her educa tion of the silkworm at the Asylum Planta tions, Parkside. The days fixed for visitors aro Tuesdays and Ihursdajs. Some senseless fellow has lately been frightening tho women and childien on Le fevre's Peninsula by dressing himself in white and showing himself after dark in isolated|spots. Tho police havo a cluo to the idiot, and if he escapes being made a leal ghost of ha will douhilc-;s soon figure before the Police Magistrate. On Sunday, December 32, Bis I.ord 1 ship the Bis hop of Adelaide held a cct,Sanation service at St. Peter's College Chapel, when 15 young people of bath sexes were confirmed. At the cot.elm-ion. of the rite His lordship pveach'd ftuiu Hebrews x., 23, and subs; qwmtly c-s'e bia'.ed the noly Communion. He was assisted by the IP.v. Canon Farr, 51. A. Ou Sunday afternoon, at tlie conclusion of the meeting of the Sunday-school in connec tion with St. Bartholomew's Church, Norwood, the teachers and scholars met Mr. G. Yv\ Hawker, the Superintendent, and presented him with a handsome silver-ir.ounicd emu egg cup, as a token of their esteem ami gratitude for his seivices In connection with the school. The presentation was maco by Mr. "W. Pope, who wished Sir. Hawkcs a pleasant voyage to IV gland, and r. speedy return, Mr. Mawkos responded, thanking the scholars and their teachers for their g;ff, and expie.Vriog a hope that, on his return to South Australia he would mec-t them ail pgr,in st-ill in tho school. We understand that air. Hawlccs leaves for England in tho llcspeius, vrbieh sails on tho 17th iast. " That members of tho Victorian I egifdaiure a:e we i paid for the time tht-y dtvoip, or aro supposed to devcte, to attendance in their places in Parliament is well known, but there are probably very few pcr/onr," re marks the Age, "who s.rfi cognisant of the amount of remuneration that ibeea yenvtemen regularly d raw from the Troatu it-sm tho commencement of the ssssion, on 2ot.ii K'uy last up to the -SOili ultimo, inclusive, the .•j eeeiub !y sat on 53 days, and the eg^stgate c£ tho sittings was 235A hours. The per draw"', sir-co 1st*" January la £275 per member, and £U; r,r.;i:.o each 0:10 scrupulously attf -.idcd in his "s: at during the whole of each eU; ng, ho got £i. 21. lid. for every hour. But that is only a trifle ermoarcd to what oho heo?, members c-f tho Council reccivo as a solatium for tnrcw ici away their valuable time. In '•'•a same period they sat on 17 days, and the business occupied an aggregate of 32 hours. An equal sum having been paid io the pcttres ecnicripii, it follows that for their assistance in legh luting (or hindering it) they each receive £3 lis. iOld. per hour." A successful bazaar, in aid of the Building Bund of the Port Augusta Institute was opened in the new hall of that structure on Tuesday, December 7, and was continued or, Wednesday and Thursday. The visitors from tlio country, for whom the bazaar waa specially continued on the last two days, were re?/ in number, and great disappointment was felt at this, as it was generally expected that tho resi dents in the country would warmly sympathise with the undertaking, in aid or which the fcaziar had been ar ran god by rhe ladies of Port Augusta. The articles open for sale were of a vatiodand excellent character, and i he 3 tails were beautifully ornamonted with wreaths, frstooii3, evergreens, and colored lights, and flags kindly lent by the commanders of the woo' ships in port. Every evening the hall was crowded to excess, and by the unwearied disigene. of the la-dms an amount of about £415 was realised, which will be presented to the Committee of the Institute. Music was also add el to tho attractions, and contributed greatly to the enjoyment of the visitors. It is hoped that tho outside support of subscribers to tho Institute will he strong and permanent. -MM The Agricultural Hall, which forms pari; of tho Philadelphia Exhibition, according to uows brought by tho Torres mail, has been destroyed by a high wind. The building is thus described by an American paper: — "Tho structure stands on the eastern side, of Belmcnt-avenue. It will illustrate a novel combination of ma'eria's. Its materials aio wood and glass. It consists of a nmg nave crowed by three transepts, both nave and transepts being composed of Howe trass arches of a Gothic form. The navo is 820 feet It; 1. : gth by 125 feet in width, with a height of 75 fees from the floor to tho point of the a rah. The central transept is of the same height, and a breadth of 100 feet, the two end transepts 70 feet high and SO feet wide. The four courts e j closed between the nava and the t:as ansepts, and also the four spaces at the corners of the building, having the navo and end transepts for two of their sides, will bo roofed and form valuable spaces for exhibit/. 2 hus tka ground plan of the building will be a parallelogram of 540 feet by 820 feet, covering a space of above 10 acres. In tho immediate vicinity will be the stockyards for the exhibition of horses, cattle, sheep, swine, poultry, fee." Tlio .Rev. S. Antliff, D.D., conferential deputation from England, has returned to Ade laide after a short absence employed ir. visi ing with satisfactory results the Primitive Metho mat circuit's m tfte JNoith, On Saturday own ing, December _ll, Dr. Antliff delivered a lecture in the Tempc-rance Hail, North Ado lai-.Ie, There was p. good attendance, eonsiiler ii.g the very unpropitic;U3 state of the wea'Irc-r, and Mr. J. Pickering, Si. P., c a espied ihe chair, The Rev. Mr. Oook (Primitive Metho dist), who has just arrived from England, gave a short! address on the tumpr-amce 1U3E ticn, after which Dr. Antliff delivered his lecture on *• Temperance," the rev, g* nt-lmaa UM- in'aining that intoxicating drink.- were a loxuiy, and that their use should bo abandoned. On Sunday morning Dr. Antliff preached to a large congrcgatien in the Baptist Church, iSorth Adelaide, and in the Town Hal! in the afier noon, basing an excellent discourse on the words—"Far what knowert thou, O wife, whether th cu shaltsavo thy busbar d? or ho v knowest thou, O man, whether thou shalt save thy wife?'1'—1 Corinth;;!.;.s, vii , 1(1. Dr. Antliff also preached, in the Town. Kali iu 4 he eveuirg, taking as his text—"For me 10 lir;; Ghiist, and to die is gain."—FhiiippUuss, i,, 21. The building was well filled at each service. This evening there will be a public ioa in the Tem perance Kali, North Adelaide, to be followed by a public meeting in the Archcr-sircct We - ley an Ohuich. The latter will be addressed by Dr. Antliff. There was a pleasing manifestation of good feeling towards a fellow em;".o\e on Saturday, December 11, when a number of the officers and employes of the Corporation met in the Town Hall Buildings to present Mr. B. E. iiippist (Overseer of Works) with 10 nsndsomely-btmnd volumes of "UhaiufcerH'a .Tecyclopedia" and a gold albert cha; ^ oa bis ietirt-menb from the Corporation so; vies, in which he had been for over six 5 Kara, The Town Clerk,! in making the preset taifon, ex pressed kind wishes for Mr. Kirpht's future prosperity, and bore testimony to his s :u ar-d to the painstaking way in which he had performed hi3 duties. He desired his ac ceptance of the presents as a sm-.II token of the esteem entertained for hitn by the emplojcj of the Corporation. Mr, Kippist, in replying, said Mr, Town Clerk and friends—i sincerely thank you for your kind manifestations of feeling towards me by theso very handsome presents; and although I am about to enter the employ of a private firm, I shall still entertain the kindest feelings to wards you. Those feelings, I can assure you, arc firmer cemented by the proceedings of this day. It is also gratifying to mo to fisiu that those whom my duties Lave brought me in contact with have thought my conduct worthy of their recognition. I thar.k you, and wish you collectively a merry Christmas and a happy now year. The health of Mr. Kipp'sb was then drunk, after which three cheers were given for the Town Okrk, which coiuxdiment was acknowledged in a few well-chosen remarbE. The following is an extract from "Yab beiV contribution to last week's Chronicle: —It is almost to be regretted that Madame ilistori was induced so far to yield to the preju dices of the whiteohokers as to appear in two of her greatest impei sanations at the Town Hall, It could do them little good, and must have been distressing to herself. Hough quar tering, tawdry hn-riugs, clumsy mechanical arrangements, and feeble effects were but a poor substitute for the aim it able and appropriate scenery and splendid mechanism, that accom panied and -deepened the impression produced by her magnificent represeutaiionaat tbc Royal Sublime tragedy aud the penny gaff do uot harmonise, and the grand drama is apt to be dreary by daylight. Who can fathoui or ex plain the conscientious ccruplce of a pietist who will not attend at a fi-.e histrionic performance where it can be witnessed to tho best advantage, bub will go and see it under such unfavorable conditions that it is half-spoiled, if not wholly so. This fanaticism is, however, wca ing out. Tire approaches of the godly to tho Theatre are cautious, '-'ey, Scful, and capricious, but they J are made nevertheless, and are becoming more frequent and darin " My daughter never dance.-; round danc« once said a religious mother 1 o a uot particularly r ligij.--.j-3 young man. "Tho step from the quadrille to the polka is very easy," was the rc-ply. So it is with the evangelicals and the stage. First, they pray in the Theatre; then they attend dramatic representations at 'White's blooms, tho Tuwn Hall, or some other nou-theatrical build ing. Another advance is m;dc win 11 serious families come to tho conclusion that it is not sinful to see the Japanese, o^_ the dog3 and monkeys at the Royal; then a point is stretched in favor of tho opera. Woridiing3 are next astonished 1>v seeing whole families of the elect, cr rather acme of tho eic-et with their families, laughing at Mathews, or weeping \vi;'a fusion's Que'11 of Scots. Their example will [ ho more aud moro numerously followed, tiii at j last another of the gloomy superstitious that i have disfigured and brought ridicule u; on | l-j-iglon, will be coiuigricd to the limb■> of pi-t ! delusions. 