NEWS OF TEE DAY. The Government steamor Victoria loft tho Bay on Saturday night, about nine o'clock, with the hon. the Commissioner of Customs, and others of the members of tho Ministry, for a pleasure trip in Bass's Straits, l'he vessel cleared tho Heads yesterday morning. Tim contract for tho second section of the Gipps Land line, between Oakleigb and Bunccp, will now be pushed on with all speed. The contract for tho work was pro visionally accepted some time ago, but owing to certain matters in dispute between the Government and the contractor relative to a previous contract, the contract for tho Gipps Land line was not formally signed. The questions in dispute involved a sum of about .'loOOO. On Saturday last the points at issue were gone into and settled, and, the ground being cleared, tho Minister Bigned the contract for the new work, and tho Gipps Land people may count on another suro step having been token to join their province to Victoria. A statement of the revenue aud expen diture for New South Wales during the year 1S7'1 has been published in the Sydney papers. The total revenue waa £3,514,314, and the expenditure £3,673,175, of which £729, GOO waB devoted to repaying former advances, leaving tboexpenditure proper at £2,943,575. Customs yielded £954,383, tho Border Duties contributing £S5,7(3S. The Land revenue amounted to the enormous sum of £1,420, l(i(i, sales yielding '£1,050, 5S5, and rent of runs £181,040. No iuformation is given of tho localities from which the land revenue is derived, hut the greater portion came from lliverina. The receipts from railways wore £532, S52, an increase of £50,3G7 on tho previous year. There can be no doubt that, principally owing to the land sales, tho rc- venuo of New South Wales is iu a very flourishing condition. By tho Otago, from Now Zealand, wo have hies of papers to tho 11th inst. The Qroj Hirer Arijus states that the Marquis of Noriuanhy is not " Governor " of New Zealand. Her Majeety's commission merely appoints him Administrator of tho Government of tho Colony of New Zealand, " in case of the death, incapacity, or absence from. Our eaid Colony of Our Bight Trusty and Wcll-L'oloved Councillor Sir James Fer- gussnu." All official proclamations aro signed by the Marquis of Noruiauby, not as " Governor," hut as " Administrator of tho Government." Tho Auckland Star rai3C3 the question whether Mr. Vogel ia now a member of the Cabinet, and points out that Ministers pas3 out of office with a retiring Governor, and it is necessary for the new Governor to appoint his owu Ministry. The Star says that this is done invariably, and that tho appointment of the present Ministry by Sir .lamos Fcr- gussou appears in the Qitzcflo of 14th June, 1873, and contends tbat until Mr. Vogel is appointed by tho Marquis of Novraanby and sworn in he is not a member of the Cabi net. Hi» absence prevents his doing this. The hon. Mr. and Mrs. Sowcll will lcavo for England duriag tho present month. _ The .Customs rcvenuo collocted in Wellington 1 duiing the la9t year was £124,330, against £88,500 for 1873. At Buncdin last year's revenue amounted to £357,199, against £213,778 for tho year 1873, At Groymouth the revenue for the quarter ending Decem ber was £12,230, being greatly in oxcess of tho same quarter in any previous year Binco 1867. 7 'tAt a special general meoting of tho Aus tralasian Steam Navigation Company, held on the 12th inBt., it was resolved to rescind the resolutions respecting mail contracts, passed on the ISth of October, 1872, and give the directors powor to make such con tracts with the Government for a mail ser- vico or services, and to adopt such measures for raising funds necessary for tho purpose as they may deem expodient. This is sub. jeet to confirmation or rojoction at the next general meeting. The Bomnnoif, from London, has brought out some first-class singing birds iu splendid song and feather. A meeting of tho City Counoil will he held this afternoon. The business to ho, transacted is unimportant. A report of the works committee intimates that the can- tract for lighting tho city with tho Mel bourne Gas Company terminates with tho current j'car, and reoommends that autho rity be given to invito tenders for the same servico for cither three or five years, the specification to provide that contractors may light parts of the city wherein their lines have not been laid with material other than gas. There is. a notice of motion on tho paper, given by Aid. Smith, that may possibly give rise to eome discussion, (namely, that the health committee ho instrncted to inquire into and report with respect to the nlloged pollution of tho Varra hv sledge from sluicing operations iu progress in tho upper parts of tho river. There is also a proposal to let tho meat market for a term of fivo years to bo con sidered. The remaining orders of the day have reference exclusively to sanitary mat ters and improvements in the public streets. Messrs. James Dcanc and Co., proprietors of the floating dock at Williamstown, liavo been at variance with tho local shipwrights for Bomo time past, in consequence of their foreman not being connected with the ship wright's trade society. Thorc were other points of difference, and in tho hope of ar ranging matters amicably Messrs. Deane and Co. invited the shipwrights to a meeting at the Williamstown Mechanics' Instituto last Saturday evening. After waiting sometimo, Mr. Deane and his foreman had to give up the idea of thus settling tho difference, nono of the shipwrights putting in an appear ance. On Saturday morning Constable Burke, while on duty in Brunswick, had his atten tion drawn to a man, who addressed him as "his Koyal Highness," when a short con versation ensued, from which the constahlo at once inferred the man was a lunatic, and placed him under arrest. Ho gives no name, and states he has been " fifteen days in tho wilderness, living on dead men's bones, but the ghosts frightened him away." His clothing is good strong corduroy. Tho vest is pranded on the breast with a broad arrow over L. A., and tho_ coat on the insido at tlio back bears a similar brand, with M.D. underneath. His hoots aro very much worn ; but as he states that an " Irish gli03t named O'Farrell, that ho know in tho old country, had stolen them, and gave these in exchange," tho polios are inclined to the opinion that ho has fallen in with some loafer who deemed ah exchange of boots to be no robbery. Temporary rails Jiavo, says the Oeelony Advertiser, now been laid along the tunnel in Johnstone l'ark, which was opened throughout on Thursday morning, and in a few days Messrs. Overeud and Bobb will be able to run their ballast trucks through from one end to the other. Tenders for a further extension of tho line will ho called for, returnable in February. This would go to show that, having once commenced the work, tho department intends to push it for ward os rapidly as possible. The Lcarmonth correspondent of tho Bal larat Star writes : — " Land selecting after all does not appear to have been sueli a good thing, as selectors from this district can testify. Once tho laud was granted they imagined all would go on smoothly and well, but they have been sadly disappointed, hav ing had dillicultics and annoyances to en counter which tliey never anticipated. From daily accounts received from the Jtichardson and other districts, matters aro assuming a serious aspect ; and provided some action is not promptly taken by the Government there will be shedding of blood. Assaults have already been made, and threats are quite common. Selectors feel much ag- rieved at tho treatment thoy are receiving, not at the hands of the squatters, but of the Government, in reserving to the pastoral tenant the water-right, to the detriment, if notultimate min, of thousandswho have been induced to settle on tho lauds. Let the Go vernment, the selectors say, compensate the squatters for their dams, and give an equal right to all to the water. Should tho pre sent drought continno it will he might against right, for water man and beast must have, and it will most likely bo ob tained at any risk. The squatters' dams aro watched and guarded, but what is one man's hand against so inany. Tho Richardson river, and some dams, I am informed, have been polluted in order to drive the popula tion away, in fact the selectors are harassed on all aides. Two I know myself, who have property in Lcarmonth, have had to bring, their cattle down again for want of water, and these are not isolated cases. On the other hand, there are a certain class of seloc tors who, because thoy happen to possess a half or a whole section of land, place themselves on a par with the squatters, and irritate them by dogging their sheep, and in other offousive ways. The better elass do not blame the squatters go ing upon the axiom that Belf-preservation is the first law of nature. Noithor have they anything to object against tho Land Act, but its mal-administration. Government offi cialism in certain lands'oflices in the up- country districts is carried on in nn over hearing and unsatisfactory manner that is almost (incredible. Lotters and telegrams remain unanswered, and personal applica tions are treated'with the like indifference. Friends of my own liavo incurred an un necessary expenditure of something like 5s. per acre, and up to date have not received the slightest satisfaction. Great reforms are said to have been made in tho Lands Office in Melbourne, and now that the rush for land for tbo time has ceased, Mr. Casey might call for reports on applications un attended to and neglected, now lying by hundreds iu tho country offices." Considerable consternation was manifested by the largo crowd of peoplo assembled on the platform of the Spenoer street Railway Station on Saturday afternoon by a rumor that one of the porters had just been crushed to death between two buffers of the carriages of the Sandhurst train, which arrived. Fortunately, howover, though such an accident did occur, it was not attended with any fatal consequences. A porter was uncoupling the carriages, when ho got. jammed between the buffers. Ho was taken to the Melbourne Hospital, where it was- ascertained that his ribs were severely, crushed. The steamers Golden Crown aud "Williams made their usual Sunday trips yesterday, a a advertised, and each vessel had a. full com plement of passengers. Tho "Williams, in stead of simply going to Queonscliff and Fortsea, went right round the Boy, calling first at Snapper Point and then at all the watering placea till she erosssed over to Quecnscliff". The excursion was thoroughly enjoyed by all on hoard. A correspondent sends th e liallaraCSUir the following: — "A certain- rheumatic old gentleman, residing at Clarendon, but whose name must bo suppressed for the present, having heard tbat the Mayor of Melbourne refused to he carried ca Blondin's baok, on the rope, at once communicated with the great celebrity, accepting tho honor doclined by his worship, and negotiating terms. He lias just received a favorable reply from Blondin's agent ; hut as the enterprise pro mises to he to him a profitable one he maintains the greatest reticence when questioned as to tcrni3, lest, as lio says, aome undermining, crawling neighbor might rob him of this chance of gaining, not only public notoriety, but the me&ns; of I earning a fortune. He hadgoiJd reasons for I distrusting his noighbors, for it has already oozed out from one of his confidants that he isio receive £500 for his debut at the age of sixty-five. Though no ono who knows tho old gentleman can suspect him of cowardice, yot he appears to think the un dertaking perilous, as he is about to make his will. He intends to heqncath liberally to tho charities, and to forget not tho larri kins of Clarendon." Tho turret ship Cerberus returned to her moorings in Hobson's Bay on Satur day. Sho left on Monday last, and whilo going down fired shots from the big guns at targets placed, one at 1209 yards, and tho other at 1700. Three struck the target, and ono hit tho pole, and every ono of the others went pretty closo. AVhilo at the Heads tho men wore exercised at riflo and pistol practico. Tho following casualties were admitted to the Melbourne Hospital yesterday : — A man named Fisher was picked up in the street in an insensible condition by the police. Par ticulars as to who he is, or where ho lives, cannot he ascertained. William Hayes, aged twenty years, living at Sandridge, having sustained a fracture of the leg caused by a kick from a horse. A woman, whoso name is unknown, was admitted to the Melbourne Hospital yes terday in an inaensiblo condition. About four o'clock yesterday she jumped into the Yarra, near the Corporation Baths, hut was saved from drowning by somo persons in a boat, who pulled her out thoroughly drenched. She appears to bo a member of the vagrant class. Tho following information has boon sup plied the Pleasant Creek News: — "The re presentative of an influential contracting firm travelled all tho way from Horsham to Ararat — a distanco of over sixty miles — to view the plans and specifications, which aro understood to bo open for inspection in that town. He found, on his arrival there, that neither plans nor specifications wero to bo seen, atul consequently had to return un satisfied. "What tho Government meaua by tlins deceiving tho public it is difficult to guess, unless tho suspicion rapidly gaining ground be tho correct one, that it is not meant that any but Molbourne contractors shall have tho clianco of tendering for the up-country railway works." A number of prisoners who had been con victed of various potty larcenies have been recently discharged from Fentridgo, and thoy are now proving a perfect nuisance in the suburbs, whero police protection seems to be insufficient. Sergeant Parkinson, of Prahran, arrested ono of the number on Saturday lost, who had been calling at various residences in that district -soliciting alms. The mendicant hod hishand bandaged, and covered with sticking plaster, hut when tlie officer arrested him he managed to get rid of the plaster by some means, and a perfectly sound hand was revealed. He will ho brought before the Prahran court to-day. Householders cannot he too careful respect ing these fellows. Tho snb-committco appointed by the Brighton Horticultural Society to revise the rules of tho society, consisting of Major Monlo (president), and Messrs. Geo. Wrigley and W. H. Treen, mot on Friday last and passed a set of rules, which will be submitted to tho members of the society at tho general annual meeting in February. At tho Richmond Police Court on Satur day the business transacted was unimpor tant. Susan M'Grath was brought up on remand, charged with having caused the death of tho male child Joseph, about two months old, wliich had been given in her charge to nurao, by neglecting to give it suf ficient nourishment. Tho easo was remanded for another week, as the adjonrned inquest is to tako place on the 21st inst. A little girl, named Rachel (Wolfe, (about five years of age, living with lier parents in High- street, Prahran, was admitted into the Alfred Hospital between nine and ton o'clock on Friday evening, suffering from extensive burns. It appears that tho child was play ing with tho fire, and lier clothes bocamo ignited. It is stated that ono child of the same family was burned to death somo time ago, aud this is tho second or third child of tho samo parents that has been admitted into the Alfred Hospital either soverely scalded or burned. A disgusting sight was witnessed on the Heidelhcrg-road heween eight nnd nino o'clock on Saturday morning. An old man and his wifo were returning home from at tending tho Melbourne market, A little beyond the Mcrri Creek toll-gate the man was seen to strike the woman two or three violent blows with his clenched fists, and a little further on he was seen to strike her again. When the parties reached Alphing- ton the woman's face and hands were covered with blood, and it was also runuing down her dress. The woman appeared to bo under tho influence of liquor. A very encouraging meeting of the parishioners of St. Matthew's Church, Prahran, was held on Friday evening last. The Rev. B. I. Walker occupied the chair. After prayer by the chairman, tho treasurer, Mr. Crichton, submitted the financial state ment relative to tho pnst year. The report was adopted, and ordered to ho printed. The committee for the current year was ap pointed, tho number being increased to seven. Two auditors wero also electod. There was a fair attendance of tho mombers of the clinrch, and at the conclusion of the meeting there appeared to bo hut ono feel ing, that of extreme gratification at the prospect of a prosperous year, foreshadowed by the united spirit manifested by all pro- sent. Tho Episcopalians of Collingwood have been just holding one of their annual social meetings in connection with one of their churches, that of St. Andrew's, Gold-street, Clifton-liill. Many years ago, when land was worth very little, the Bishop of Melbourne- sanctioned tho application to Government for a site for a church and parsonage at the corner of South-terraee and Gold-street, and facing tho Darling Gardens reserve,, which was granted, and gazetted for that purpose about the year 1803. The sparso population then would not warrant the erection of a church there for somo time, and their efforts were directed to the erection of St. Philip's as a parish church, allowing tho Clifton-liill site to be used as a district church or chapclry attached to St. Philip's. Somo three or four years ago a few laboring men were called together, and met from time to time, first at one house, then at another, to consider how they should ereot a building for church purposes, and the result was a subscription list of small sums of from six- jsnco up to ten shillings, added' to a few arger items from friends elsewhere. With these they erected the shell of a building to hold about 100; and in 1871, on New Year's day, commenced to meet for public worship. All the seats, it had been decided, should be free and unappropriated, and collections are made only once a day. In 1872 it was en larged to double its size, and since that time various improvements and additions have been made, and it now presents a most com fortable appearance, is lighted with gas, all tho seats, ceiling, walls, &e.;, are stained and varnished, and part of the land fenced uu and planted with trees and shrubs, which are- doing well. At the annual meeting,, held on Thursday last, the Rev. John Gatoa, incumbent of St. Philip's, im tho chair, a re port was presented stating. that- the chureh-. was out of debt, and that tho bishop had licensed the same for the oelebration of. all .. tho rites and ceremonies of tho Church., It was also announced that a fund had been started for tho orection of a more permanent stone or brick church on the hill ; £9. 1 9s. had been raised in tho school for missionary purposes; £5 Is. 2d. had been given on. Hospital Sunday: a sum of £3 3s. 3d. had: been sent to St. Philip.'s.to assist tks vestry- in their work of restoration, and, various., sums had been paid over to the supcrintonr dent of tlie Sunday school for prizes, , school, requisites, &c.; Tho report was adopted, on, the motion of Mr. W. H. Right, secondedthip Mr. Isaac Godso,. and officers, electod; Jac 1875\. His Worship tho Mayor, Mr.. H. Walker, addressed tlie meeting, and ex- Eresscd surprise and ploasuro at wbett had ecn done. Other resolutions and addresses were given by the Rev. H. B. Macartney, Rev. Mr. Herlitz ( Lutheran),, the Rev_ Richard Eva, a clergyman, just out frora Liverpool, and Mr. Chas. Baker, sen., who, prior to tho bishop's departure, received the , usual formal authority to conduct service at St. Andrew's. Tho tea and other good things were suppliodby "matrons, bache lors and old maids," the latter working might and main to colipse the bachelors. The arrangement was provocative of much innocent mirth. Tho choir, under the leadership of Mr. C. Norman, ssng somo sacred anthems rery well indeed, and the room was noatly decorated by pUited fes toons and flowers, oil paintings and Utho. 'Advertiser states that a meeting of the Geelong Builders' and Contractors As. sociatiou was held on Wednesday last, when the following resolutions were earned:— That the members of the association will not tender for works where the conditions fif any) do not contain an arbitration clause covering all other clauses j" and " That the officers of the association bo appointed as a deputation to wait on the members of Par liament for the town of Geelong, and that the hon. secretary writo to the members far the county, respectfully requesting them to use their influence in Parliament to got an arbitration elauso inserted in the Govern- ment conditions of contract, . . On Friday morning Mr. H. M. bmith, cabinetmaker, of Brunswick, found that his premises had been entered from the rear, and that portions of harness and a saddle had been stolen from the stable. Suspicion fell upon one John M'Gowan, a trench polisher, recently in his employ. Having communicated with the police, diligent in quiries were instituted. They ascertained that a man answering tho description of tho prisoner, with harness in his possession, had cone through tho quarry district; and also learned that ho had made an early call at the Quarry Hotel, getting a pint of beer, leaving tlio reins as security for the pay ment, representing himself as from tho country, and would call again towards even ing. Arrangements were then made with the view of securing his capture in the event nf lifn n train callinir. as the reins were iuden- iified as part of tho missing property. To wards evening ho did call again, and tho fact being reported to the police ho was quickly arrested, and placed in the lockup, Blondin's last appearance at the Opera House on Saturday night had the effect of filling the house to overflowing in every part, the number of sight-seers being in creased by the vngneno3s of tho announce ment as to the celebrity who was to ride across tho house on Blondin's back. As it was largo numbers of persons were unable to obtaui admission. Thoso who had secured seats were not altogether well pleased when they found that tho unknown of their specu lation was no other than the great A1 of the pantomime, Mr. Farley, who in his gorgeous robes, made the perilous journey and returned to tho platform without tho slightest appearance of trepidation. _ At one point the spectators were somewhat inclined to bo alarmed for the safety of Blondin and his burden, for tho great personage was so exhilarated by his areial transit that ho waved his sceptre rather too demonstratively, andap- peared to disturb the balance of tho burden, hearer. But "all's well that ends well," and as no contretemps occurred, it may be as- aumed that the apparently momentary loss of equilibrium was a foiut, to add to tho sensational effect. There was tho usual full attendance at the Theatre Royal on Saturday night, and tho gorgeous scenery of tho pantomime Humpty Dumpty, or tho Fern Fairy, was received with as marked applause as on its first pro duction. . Ono of tho most successful of tho series of People's Concerts carriod on at tho Tem perance Hall, Russell-street, took plaoo on Saturday evening, the hall being crowded, and the entertainment everything that could be desired. Mr. T. Campbell was in splendid voico, and created quite a f urore in tho descriptive song of The Desert, accompanied by piano and bolls. Mr. Mor- daunt sang The Moon Behind tho Hill, and received an encore. Mrs, Einpson was also warmly encored. Happy at Last, a musical sketch in which Mr. and Mrs. Empson took part, sent the audience away in a good humor. Miss Dwight presided at the piano, and Captain Adams occupied tho chair. The performance at tho Apollo Hall this evening will bo for tho benefit of Mr. Westen, under the patronage of M. Blondin. There is a varied and attractive programme, which should be a guarantee that tno benefi. ciarie may count upon a bumper house. There was a crowded attendance on Satur day evening to witness tho performances of the Asiatic Circus Company and tho Royal Tycoon Troupe of Japanese. An excellent programme was submitted, and the various feats were very well received. Mr. Braham walked and performed sevoral daring evolu tions, carrying a little girl ncross on a j)' -inch wire, stretched from the entrance of the dress circle to the back of tho stage, and steadied with guy ropes on each side,_ in a ' remarkably clever manner, and for which ho I met with rounds of hearty applause. The company are likely to have a good run in Melbourne. The Master Bakers' annual picnic will be held on Thursday next, and tho day will be kept as a holiday by tho trade. A lecture on tho " Tonic Sol-fa Method of Sing- ing, illustrated with diagrams, was uonvorcu on Thursday ovening last, in tlio Howo-croscout Church.'Emerald-hill, by Mr. Eraser, conductor of the South Melbourne Tonic Sol-fa Association. A choir gave vocal illustrations, and tho large audience seemed thoroughly to appreciate the superiority of the new system as oxplainod by the lecturer. Before the proceedings terminated the chairman, Mr. Luke, presented to Sir. i Fraser a very handsome baton, bearing tho fol- i lowing inscription : — "Presented to R. Peterson i Eraser by the original members of tho South j Melbourne Tonic Sol-fa Association." After this I had been duly acknowledged lloots's Good Night j was sung by tho choir, and an elementary class » was afterwards formed, which was joined by a .1 number of thoso presont. We are requested to | direct attention to an advertisement in anothor column respecting this class. 