" ' the sons of the manse. The following Parliament House ditty is in circulation in Edinburgh : — Air — " This Brown Jog." 0 ! Law is a trade that's not easy to lean, And a good many failures we daily discern ; Bat, touching this matter, f m anxious to . mention, ? One fact I've observed, that may claim some attention: 1 If yon look round the Bar yon . will see at a glance .. Kofc a few of the foremost era Sods of the Mac Be. Some glibly oan speak what is not worth the speaking ; Some can think, hot they atOl are for wordB vainly seeking ; A young man's beBt prospects will likely be blighted If the tongue and the brains aren't duly . united ; But 'if men who have both are here asked to ; advance, Yoa will find out that many are Sons of the Manse. In both Heads of the Court my, assertion is proved, «, -For a. Grandson is merely a Son once re moved ; Others', names I don't mention — the task would be tedious, And perhaps may be found not A_ little in vidious ; Bat I have now and then witnessed a gay legal dance, Where the whole four performers were Sons of the Manse.1 The Son of an Agent, his Son-in-law, too Mty be. certain at -first to have something to do ; Political friends may secure one a start- Kay, a Clerk from an office may play a fair part : Bat in time these will not have the ghost of """chance !Witb those dangerous rivals, the Sons of the Manse. I don't know How elsewhere these matters may be. Though I daresay in England the like things they see ; I remember at least that the race of the Laws Had both BUhops and Jadges that met with applause; But in Italy,' Spain, and in most parts of France, . They can scarce have legitimate Sons of the 'Manse. But talking of England, you'll keep it in view, \- \ That the Manse has sent thither a nursling or two i Plain . John through high honours success fully past, . And the Woolsack sustained his Fife ,chur» dies " at last ; - - While Brougham, in his pride, loved to caper and prance, When confessed, through his mother, a Son of the Manse. I- don't mean to say that these shoots from the Church Have left all their brothers-in-law in the lurch ; Good Sons of lay Sires, not a whit behind these. Have their share of the talents, their share of the teeB ;+ Bat all parties will own that my song's no romance, And that both Bench Bar owe a debt to the Manse Such wondrous results there's no way of ex- . - plaining, If we do not ascribe them to Clerical training; The tyro begins with '4 the Chief End of Man," And " Effectual Calling" completes the great plan ; ' Both language and logic his genius enhance, Till he comes out a genuine Son of tb Manse. Then here's" to the Manse 1 both Established and Free, And don't, I beseech yon, leave out the U.P. ; SeCeder&jjood; service performed in past years, Though I'm BOrry they call themselves now Volunteers ; At. the old Burgher Sect 1 can ne'er look askance. When I" think Hubert Jamieson came from the manse. I'm bound, too, I fed, on this joyous occa- Vs don; To remember our Scottish Prelatic Persua- . ...sion . And in" justice, as well as with pleasure, to " ' tell,- How our law is indebted to George Joseph Bell : Though their Church was held down and was weak in finance Bell, Sandford, and Alison, came from the Manse. The Manse and the Pnlpit, the Bench and . the Bar, ...With the same godless enemies ever wage war; They seek to subdue, by the pen, by the tongue; Dissension, Disorder, Injustice, and Wrong. How changed for the worse were broad Scot land's expanse, . If she hadn't the Parliament HouBe— and the Manse ! 