flue |kp«u PUBLISHED DAILY. 111 am In tho placo whero I am demanded of cousclonc-s to speak tho truth, and, thoroton*, tho truth I speak, Impugn It whoso lißt,*' TO CORRESPONDENTS. Lottoni and other commun, cations in ton dod for In- sertion iu tho nowa columns should, be addressed, to ihr Editor. Hu notlio oin bo taken of anonymous communications. Every letter must bo accompanied by tho naroo and addreea of tho writer, not neccB3arily for publication, but na a pu aran toe of i,ood faith Ejected communluaiuiia cannot bo returned undor anj clrrumtttaticea whatever To avoid inconvenience and dolay to persona Intoroeted wo have to request that all business communica tione, including advert! som onto, orders for the papor, and remittances, bo addressed to WILSON and Mackinnon, and not to -run Editor. FRIDAY, AUGUST 13, 1875. It is the fashion with some people t deplore the tone employed in speakin of members of Parliament. They allud to tho high and honourable positio they occupy as tho chosen of the peopli the vast interests committed to thei care, and seem to contend that they ar entitled to the utmost deference an respect in virtue of their office, withou reference to the manner in which the fill it. We admit that they aro occr aionally somewhat rouglily handled both collectively and individually, bu every day, unfortunately, shows onl; too clearly that at the worst the; get no moro than their deserts If they were in reality what by ; pleasing fiction they are suppose! to be, the worthy representatives of th country's interests, the embodiment o the nation's intelligence, the uuilinchinj supporters of its worthiest aims, and th outspoken denouncers of its frcquen follies-then, no doubt, they would de serve and command the respect of al honest men in the community. Bu when we find them, as wo to often do, sinking the representative ii the delegate, and neglecting nationa interests in order the better to carr; out local jobs, we may be pardoned i we regard them with a feeling some what akin to contempt. We are glat to say that there aro a few men in tin Legislature who take a proper view o their obligations, who do not think tha the whole duty of a member is ti run errands for his constituents, ant plunder the Treasury on their behal whenever an opportunity offers ; bu alas ! their number is by no mean; large. But whilemoatmembcrs, unfortunately deserve the adverse criticism which th« milk-and-water friends of constitutiona government bo foolishly deprecate, w< do not think that they are alone te blame. A great many of thoir faults and failings are traceable to tho pressure brought to bear on them by their consti- tuents. So insatiable is local greed, that members who wish to retain their seats are almost dobarred from taking large views of the various matters submitted for thoir consideration. They aro perforce compelled to consider, not what is best for the community at large, but what is most likely to satisfy the petty cravings and gratify the petty wishes of Little Ped lington, or Graball Gully. If the peoplo really desire that the mon they send to the great council of the nation should be regarded as membors of Parliament, and not as so many parish vestrymen, they must learn to restrain their rapacity, and leave their so-called representatives to follow the dictates of an honest conscience in all matters. Not only so -they must unhesitatingly reject all candidates who are willing to have their judgments fettered, or to rest their claim to election on their talent for log- rolling or their aptitude for jobbery. These considerations have been forcibly pressed on our attention by some remarks which recently appeared in a journal published at Stawell. Commenting on the rumoura abroad concerning the probability of Mr. Woods being opposed in Iiíb candida- ture for Crowlands, our contemporary in anticipation condemns any attempt to secure the defeat of the now Minister. Bearing in mind the re- spectable antecedents of the Pleasant Creek Ncivs, and its generally sound views on questions of public policy, we naturally expected to find that ita opinion concerning the inadvisability of opposition was based on general grounds. An attempt, aa wo know, has recently been made to do away in part with that fatal system of protection from which the colony in general, and the miners in particular, have Buffered so sovorely. Mr. Woods ia strongly in favour of the antiquatod plan of fostering a few sickly industries by giving them a licence to rob, and if our contemporary could truly say that the constituency shares his views, then perhaps it would bo justified in deprecating the empty and costly formality of a contest. But it is not in a position to do anything of the sort. On the contrary, it frankly admits that " on the subject of protec " tion ho (Mr. Woods) and his present " political associates are not in accord " with the bulk of this constituency." One would think, thon, that an honest journalist would counsel the electors to replace him by a gentleman who could conscientiously support their wishes aa regards this great question. We regret to find, however, that our contemporary does the vory opposite, and in the most unblushing manner recommends ita readers to ignore tho issue on the correct determination of which tho prosperity of the country mainly depends, and to support Mr. Woods, irrespoctivo of his political faith, simply bocauso ho is a Minister, and may be able to forward local interests : " The miners and other residents through- out Crowlands can still have and enjoy thoir opinions regarding free trade and protec- tion, but tlioy have suffered so much in the past for want of that Ministerial recognition which is thoir undoubted right, that they are not likely to throw away the chance recent events have laid open. Wo have been complaining at Stawell for years past of the indifference shown in connexion with our most ordinary local reriuiroments, and it is not likely that tho electors will make a mistake by throwing out Mr. Woods on the present occasion." In other words, " the miners and other " rcsidonts throughout Crowlands " aro fully justified in neglecting all the con- siderations which should influonco thom in returning n representativo to Parlia- ment if by so doing they can manage to get a little public money oxponded in their district. " Thero is no principle " to be sacrificed," saya this great ethical teacher, " in returning Mr. Woodb at tho presont junoturo," but we submit that thero is a principio in- volved in the election of the very utmost importance. If, in spite of bia protectionist viewa, Mr. Woods be returned, we shall know that in tho opinion of one constituency, at all events, a national Parliament is only a Bham, and that members are merely sent there to play a game of grab on behalf of the localities they represent. We do not exactly understand what aio the favours which Crowlands ex- pects to obtain in exchange for its suffrages. We were under the im- pression that the enormous endowment conferred on shires under the Local Government Act waa intended to cover all Government expenditure in the various districts. If this be the case, it is evident that any sums granted in excess of the amount so allotted can only be the result of jobbery and undue influence. Should the electors for Crow- lands be mean enough to sell their birthright in expectation of receiving a mess of illicit pottage, wo sincerely trust they may be disappointed. But the mero fact that they are coolly ad- vised to so abuse the important trust confided to them shows clearly that a complete severance cannot be too speedily effected between the general and the local governments. To the former should be entrusted the manage- ment of national affairs, and to the latter the supply of local wauts of every description. Until this separation is made, it is evident that we cannot hope to see great questions treated in that uncompromising spirit which is essential to their proper settlement. The coal-fields of Kilcunda and Cape Patterson aro most fruitful subjects of reports. The chief aim of their existence would seem to be to get themselves re- ported upon and to originate deputations. How many reports and how many depu- tations they have occasioned up till now we shall not endeavour to recollect, but each new occasion on which they become prominent, whether by means of report or deputation, recalls to mind a long series of similar occurrences, extending back- wards into an all-but-forgotten past. Is it not almost time that this kind of thing should be mado an end of 1 Would it not bo well to decide once for all upon the merits of these mines-or, rather, upon the claim they have to bo further prospected or developed at tho expense of the public 1-for that is in reality the point in dispute. Of course, it is always open to private individuals to work the mines, and the public would have nothing to say in the matter. Equally it is competent to a public company to work thom, or either of them, and it would not concern us, unless it were attempted to get up a company for the purpose by misrepre- sentation of facts. But an effort is now being made to obtain Government aid in prosecuting the works, and this brings the whole subject within the legitimate purview of the journalist. The latest contribution to the great mass of Kilcunda litoraturo is Mr. Cowan's report, which appeared in our yesterday's issue. The report goes into the subject with great minuteness. Every detail of what has been dono in the past is stated with admirable particularity, and the cost of possible future pro- duction is estimated to a farthing a ton. But when we endeavour to find out from the roport whether its author thinks further prospecting of tho ground advisable, whether at the cost of the public or of individuals, wo find that its utterances aro uncertain. If so and so were found to be the case, then it might be wiso to do such and such a thing ; but then thero are several reasons to fear that this would not be the case. The report reads like the production of a skilful and cautious examiner, who cannot say much that is encouraging, but still does not wish to crubh tho hopes of those interested in thcBO mines, and of tho public, by bluntly describing them as of little or no value. If the report had been shorter, it would probably have been just as useful, but thero is nothing your official bo exults in as tho authorßhip of a big report, which is to be laid before Parliament, and printed on foolscap paper. Examining the report a little in detail, wo will begin with the Cape Patterson field. In his visit to this Mr. Cowan was peculiarly unfortunate. If the stars in their courses did not conspire againBt him, the sun and moon did. " One important seam" (at the Cape), he informs us, " said to bo 3ft. thick, " could only bo Boen at low water ; but " when he arrived the tide wa3 not " sufficiently low to admit of his ex " amining it, and beforo the tido served " daylight failed." Before tho moon would withdraw the tide from the mouth of the bolo, the sun with- drew his rays ! However, from other indications, he discovered that the seam was of " no commercial value." On the same field ho heard of two seams that had been found in a shaft, ono at 57ft., of 2ft. lOln., and another at 90ft., of 2ft. Gin., and theso ho would have examined if he had been able to get the shaft cleaned out, which, unfortunately, ho was unable to do. If tho informa- tion supplied to him is correct, " then " coal deposits may bo expected hero " that could be profitably worked ." but then, this cautious officer goes on to ask, why were they not worked when discovered ? To this natural enough question ho finds no satisfactory reply. The average thickness of coal found in the Kilcunda adit was 2 lin., of which lGin. was good hard coal, and 2in. slack. Working from a seam like this, coal could be delivered in Melbourne at £1 Is. I'la, per ton, which would pro- bably prove a profitable operation if the field were extensive. It is on this point that tho report fails to prove satisfactory. If tho coal should prove constant be- tween the 90ft. and tho Gift, shafts in the Kilcunda mine, then 59,000 tons could bo profitably obtained from tho deeper shaft, but then it ia not known to be so constant. If certain things about which nothing ia known should prove to be so and so, then it would be reasonable to suppose that the seam would prove continuous. That is all. Again, in regard to the f urtherprosecution of tho Kilcunda mine, Mr. Cowan is of opinion that a shaft should be sunk further inland than the two already referred to, for tho purpose of ascertain- ing the constancy or otherwise of tho seam. "Nothing," ha says, "can be " deduced with certainty in regard to " either the character or extant of tho " deposits," whether at Kilcunda or Capo Patterson, " except by actual experiment. " The pick of the miner will bo tho " only conclusive test." There is not much, encouragement in all this The remark about sinking another shaft on the Kilcunda lease does not, as wo read the very guarded language of the report, mean that another shaft should be sunk, hut rather that no other expenso should be in curred until the constancy of the seam is proved by that means, since " there is no "assurance tint faults may not occur" " Scams of coil aro so liable to bo dis " turbed," the report says, " by fiults, " hitches and dykes that tho explorer is " often disappointed oven when working " in strata of which the genoral character " has long been well known and in a new " and untned country the liability to dis " appointment is of course greater But if a new shaft is to bo sunk, it should bo by private enterprise There is not the ghost of a reason for tho Govern mont undertaking the work, or m any other way subsidising the present or any future Kilcunda or Cape Patterson Coal nuning Company If the ground were once proved by private enterprise, and coal mines at work m the district, then it would, of course, como m for its Bhare of Government expenditure Land would bo sold there, and a tax paying population settled, and like every other settlement it would be entitled to all the advantages of government Lut it 13 not the duty of the stite to search for miner ils, whether for gold or for coal, and if Mr Cowain *, roport teaches any thing, it is that the chief present want of the Kilcunda and Capo Patterson coal fields is a thoroughly good pros pectmg _ The Parliament of New South Wales w as prorogued on Wednesday last, after a session marked by important changes, little work, and much rowdyism Ita opening saw Sir Parkes m power, anxiouB to ascertain whether tho new Assembly would endorso or reverso the vote of its predecessor on the Gardiner question He waa not long 'oft in doubt aB to the result of the dissolution ho had advised, and Mr Robertson became his successor in tho Colonial Secretary s oflice Whatever this gentlemans Administra tion may have eflected m othor directions, it certainly has not achieved much in tho way of legislation The only measure of primary importance it ha3 sue ceeded in passing into law ia a land bill and oton this was al toi ed in many particulars by the Upper Ilouse In passing, it o may alludo to the extr lordmary fact that the nominated Council of Now South Walca may jp parently do things which would got an electit e Chamber into hot wate-, not only without any robuko, but with tho ap protal of tho people Fad our Legisla tito Council presumed to alter a hnd bill as tho Sydney Houso haa done, wo should hato liad Mr HiciNLoriiAM m hysterics, and tho Asiombly declaring ti at w 0 were all reduced to tho lovel of serfs by the action of a handful of bloated capitalists Apparently how ever, men who take the trouble to attempt tho amendment of measures aro treated difleicntly in Sydnov Our correspondent in his last letter says, ' the Upper IIouso has gained picUige by tho way in which it has dealt with this bill, and, peihapa, was novor moro eflicient as a power in the stato than it is at this moment A vast deal of time has been taken up in the Assembly in discussing merely per sonal matters, and cortainly the tone m which such questions have been occasionally debated has not been cal ciliated to maintain that respect for re prcsentatit 0 institutions which it ia de suable tho people Bhould entertain. How cor, no good purpoae would be sen ed by raking up tho memory of past misdeeds Wo can only trust that such exhibitions will be avoided in future, as, owinf, to the ignorance of tho English public with respect to our geographical dniBions, anything published to the detriment of ono proiinco is dobitod to Australia as a wholo It is gratifying to karn from the Go\ minor s apeoch that lo lot ernie of Now South Wales ia 111 a healthy Btate that while tho 1 eton 110 from Crown lands shows avery large mci ease, every other source of in como is either stationary or improving Ia cry additional stop m the direction of freo trade cannot fad to increase her prosperity During tho last twolvomonth, every trilling abuse that has been discovered m connexion with tho large scheme of ira migration conducted by the Now Zealand Got eminent has been eageily soi/ed upon by tho adt ocates of the dog m the manger policy m this colony, and haa been grossly exaggerated W 0 woro in formed that Dr rtATHERSTO'v ti as send mg out tho sweepings of English work houses, and that tho bulk of tho mimi grants consisted of most ineligiblo persons Had tho uret part of the at ei ment been true, that gontloman mifjht Into reminded his supercilious critics in Victoria that somo yoara ago n district in Prince Ed wai d Island, called Little lork, was entirely settled by paupers sont out from England and becamo, and baa continued to bo, ono of tho most thrit mg communities in British America Tho aj,ont general for Now Zealand is not open, howevor, to tho censure of promoting tho emigration of people who hato committod tho horrible cunio of becoming chargoablo on an Enghsh parish, and Bomo correspon donco which has just boon laid beforo tho General Assembly at Wei lmgton, effectually vindicates lum in regard to tho chargea brought agamst him by flippant and di informed critics in Victoria It appears that, out of 40 shiploads, despatched at tho avorago rate of one a week, no less than 32 receivod the unqualified approbation of tho Iinmi gration Commissioners in Now Zealand Tho immigianta aro almost mtanably spoken of as "a very Buponor Uasa, ' t ery satisfactory, " well solectod, "well suited to the roquiromonta of tho "protince, and so on Whore com plaints did anso with respect to tho pasBongera by tho oif,ht othoi vessels, they amounted to no moro than tins - ' Two or thieo woro troublosomo, " A "few of tho singlo women bohatod "badly &o; Now /oaland, with an area t ery little larger than that of Vic tom, and with a population of only 300,000 peoplo, has adopted a policy 111 íegard to immigration which is not loss bold than beneficial and tho best proof of its advantageousness is tho constorna tion which waB creatod in those inlands by tho report that Sir Julius Vogi l had put a stop to the issue of froo passages fiom England This action has boon sinco modified, and we hope that Now Zealand will long continuo to enjoy tho prosponty whioh roBiiltB from a steady influx of immigrants and from great natural resources developed undor tho direction of wíbo statesmanship The Speaker o! the Legislativo Assembly yesterday lBBiied writs for the election of members to fill the vacancies caused by tho acceptance of office of the mombera oE the now MmiBtry The dato of nomination for all the districts is August 20 the date of poll mg-for Geelong West North Melbourne and Ballarat Weat AuguBt 25 for Castle maine August 26 for Ripon and Hampden Crowlands South Grant and Avoca, August 27 The date of return of tho writs is Sep- tember 3 The case of Judge Dunno haa boen taken into consideration by the now Ministry TW Government have referred the matter to tua Attorney General (Mr. Trench), who has hi -x11 the papers relative thereto under oran ?nation, and who will advise the Cabinet < the course which, in his opinion, should ' followed. A decision will be arrived at a few days Most probably a board of inqui will he appointed. No candidate has yet definitely deolan Tub intention to oppose the Minister of Ed cation (Mr. Munro) for North Melbourn though the names of several gentlem* likely to offer themselves have been me tioned Alderman O Grady, who was r a, «ted to stand, has declined to como fo îr-rd on the present occasion Ile than! those friends who offored to support his cai didature, but regrets that ho is unab to comply with tho request. Sir Joh OShanassy has aiso declined to become candidate Wo believe it is possible tin Professor Hearn may bo induced to stan« and Bhould ho offer himself, he would n doubt rcceivo a largo support. A meeting of the friends and supporters < Mr. Munro, tho Minister of Lducation, vrc held in Nosh's rooms Errol street, Hothan last night, for the parpóse of concerting mei sures to secure his re election for the Nort Melbourne constituency About 40 pe: eons were present Mr, Hutchinson wo moved into the chair Councillor Joh laurens proposed tho following resolution - "That, w the opinion of this mooting th Hon James Munro has consistently fulülle hie promiseB m Parlnment, and is therefor -entitled to our continued support and w hereby pledge ourselves to uso our bee efforts to secure his re election as a mern her for the North Melbourne electorate He said that the resolution entirely coin «sided with his views, and he had much plen Bure in proposing it It was not with hin so much a question whether free trade o protection was tho proper policy, but Mr Munro had been elected as a protectionist and had stuck to his colours manfully. Hi conduct had not been actuated by any desin forplace or pay, beciuse he had given afeenoroui support to the lato Ministry until the; attacked tho principles on which ho wa: elected He had dono nothing to causo thoa to withdraw their support from him now I -was the ûrot time tint a representative of th< constituency had been chosen as a Ministei of the Crown, and on that ground alone ii behoved them to secure his return Mr L Laurence who seconded theresolntion, asked them to support Mr Munro becausohe was c thoroughfeoing protectionist, and was one o' ihe first to cross the iloor of the House when the late Ministry swerved from those pnn ciples The resolution was then put, and carried unanimously On the motion of Mr Vf B Stevens, the meeting then resolved itself into a committee to carry out the object m uew It was ment oned that Mr. Munro was desirous of iddréssing the oleo tors in Hotham and Carltondunng next week A vote of thanks to the chairman closed the meeting The work of unpacking the Japanese goods at the Lxhibition building commenced on Monday lost Many of these exhibits are really superior w orks of art, and as such will .no doubt bo properly appreciated. There was at first some slight difhculty in these goods, which under our tarin aro dutiable, being admitted free, bnt it has been got over by tho Government regarding the Exhibition building as a bonded warehouso for the time The customs arrangement« are carried ont ander the supervision of Mr. H. M Mac lcenzio, who performed similar duties daring the Intercolonial Lxhibition of 18C0 Yesterday morning Mr It B Wilker and others waited upon the Minister of Lands and presented a petition from limeburners and other persons resident near Geelong in reference to the recent action of the local licensing omeo in refusing to issue any moro licences to remove Uvo or dead timber from tho timber reservo at Windi You Yangs They pointed out tint to put a Btop to the removal would injure the limeburning into rest and requested that either the old practico might be renewed or licences issued under the state forest regulations It was stated that the reserve comprised about 5 OCX) acres and that there was a considerable amount of dead wood on the ground, the removal of which, as well as of live timbor, would bring 'n a revenuo to the state About J 000 tons of limo wore sent away by those interested in this matter last year, one firm paying as much as ¿oO per month for carnage Mr Longmore said he could not see his way to allow tho removal of live timber, but he would call for a report on the subject, and communicate with the deputation through Mr. Walker. The following tender was accepted yes ierday bj the Board of Land and Works - Painting and repairing cranes, Melbourne Whaif Thornton and Son, £ül 10a. The elections for vacancies in the various municipalities throughout the colony took place jestcrday Particulars will bo found in another column The déjeuner to be given in Melbourne in honour of the Bishop of Ballarat will take place in the Athenæum-hall on August 28. In June last an application was made to Mr Justice Molesworth for the appointment of a Mrs Clinton, a schoolmistress at Kyne- ton, to be guardian of a child 14 years old, named Mary Anne Pennington, and for an order directing a sum to be paid for the maintenance and education of the child The circumstances of the case were some- what peculiar. Mr Pennington, a farmer at Kyneton, in 1867 adopted the girl. His wife died in December, 1871, he died in May, 1872. His will appointed three trustees and exe- cutors , he left a farm of 280 acres to his adopted child. He further provided that if she married without the consent in writing of Mr Jarrett, one of the trustees, or, if Mr, Jarrett was dead, of the surviv ing trustees, the bequest should be void. A fortnight after Mr Pennington's death the Rev. Mr. Geoghegan, Roman Catholic priest at Kyneton, sent his servant, Luke Harrington, to remove the child to Mrs Clinton's school, where she has remained, applications by the trustees for her restora- tion to them being disregarded. Mr Geoghegan, who made an affidavit yesterday stated that he removed the child in conse- quence of a solemn agreement made by Mr Pennington when his wife was dying as to the education of the girl, that he had sent several times to Mr Jarrett to call and see him about the child before the removal, or fix a time for a meeting, but that Mr Jarrett declined to do so. Mrs Clinton's application to be appointed guardian was refused in June last, Mr Justice Molesworth recommending her to give up the child to the trustees. As this recommendation was not complied with, the trustees yesterday applied that Mr. Jarrett should be appointed guardian. Some affidavits were filed reflecting on Mr Jarrott, and it was determined to refer it to the master to appoint a guardian. His Honour, in allowing Mrs. Clinton to attend the reference, warned her that he did not encourage her to be pre- sent, and said it was not to be understood that he would give her the costs of her ap pearance. The case of Boyd v. M 'Kean was brought to a conclusion m the Juries of Four Court yesterday. The plaintiff sought £2,000 damages for malicious arrest and false im- prisonment, he having been arrested on a writ of attachment for non payment of £45 legal costs a few hours after he had filed his schedule in insolvency. The defendants and their managing clerk swore that they had no knowledge of the insolvency until after the arrest was made. The costs were incurred by his wife in seeking to ob- tain a judicial separation, and repeated ap- lications had been made for payment, which Plaintiff had ignored. His Honour, in sum- ming up, remarked that the strict legality of this form of remedy—a writ of attachment for non payment of costs—had never been fully tested in this colony, and he could see himself no reason why an attorney should be allowed a means of obtaining payment which was denied to others. The jury found a verdict for the defendants. The next case proceeded with was a slander action, in which the plaintiff, Miss Isabella Mackenzie, the daughter of an undertaker residing at Eme- rald-hill, seeks to obtain £500 damages for certain damaging statements made con- cerning her by the defendant Colley. The plaintiff was engaged to be married to a person named Griffiths, and it is alleged that the engagement was broken in consequence of the defendant telling Griffiths that Miss Mackenzie had had a child, that he (Colley) had seen it and that it was about 10 years of age. The plaintiff strenuously denied the truth of the accusation, but Griffiths was not satisfied and the marriage was broken off. The examination of Griffiths (the first witness) had not concluded when the Court adjourned yesterday evening. Mr Albert Read solicitor was sued in the County Court yesterday for £250 damages for alleged libel on Mr J. D. Emerson, soli- citor. The alleged libel was a letter pub- lished by Mr Read in The Argus of the 15th June signed in his own name and the con- tention of the plaintiff was that it was libellous almost throughout. The letter con- tamed various statements against a solicitor amounting to unprofessional conduct. One of these statements was that the soli- citor boarded the ship City of Calcutta on its arrival in this port and offered to defend the captain and ship against all comers for £5. Another was that when the captain declined to engage the solicitor the latter left the ship saying he would make it hot for the captain and a further one was that the solicitor had offered to take £50 to settle some actions brought against the captain by his men. When the case, which was a remand from the July list, was called on yesterday morning, Mr. Walsh, for defendant, asked that it might be set down to be tried with the August jury cases, as it had not been put in the July list in time, in consequence of which the de- fendant had thought the plaintiff was not going to proceed with it, and therefore had not had time to plead justification and obtain the necessary witnesses in support of his case. Mr Quinlan for the plaintiff objected and as it appeared to his Honour that he had given a direction which might be considered an order for the case to be set down in the July list, he stated that he could not grant the application as asked, but would grant it if defendant would pay the costs of the day on plaintiff's side. Mr Walsh declined to pay the costs, and retired from the case which was then heard without any appearance for defendant. Mr Emerson proved that he was the attorney referred to in the letter or libel published in The Argus, and that the statements it contained were untrue. He also said that he had seen a copy of the letter posted in Stewart and White's shipchandlery store in Sandridge and that his business at the Sandridge Court had fallen off since the publication of the libel. Frede- rick Pascoe who had been a sailor on board tho ship City of Calcutta said he knew for a fact that some of the statements in the letter were untrue. Several other witnesses proved that the libel referred to the plaintiff and stated that in their opinion it would be in- jurious to him. The jury who heard the case returned a verdict for plaintiff for £40 damages. Herman Hampton charged with forging a bank poas book in Adelaide was taken before the City Police Court yestorday A South Australian detective named Ramsden produced the depositions taken in Adelaide and the warrant issued there and backed here hy Judge Barry and applied for a ro mond pendint preparation of tho extradition warrant for tua removal to Adolaide Mr Read tried hard to make the Bentli see thit the prisoner was in the first i lace arrested illegally witho it warrant and that the offence was only a miadomeanour which did not justify the prisoners arrest hore Mr Sturt P M however said the Bench could not go behind the judtes warrant and re manded tho prisoner to gaol pending prepara tion of the warrant for removal. A savato fellow named John Moran who without any provocation gave a boot shop keeper in Tlmders street named Patrick 0 Connor a black eje waa at the City 1 ohce Court yesterday sentenced to two months imprisonment. He had been before the Court on previous occasions In the Prahran Police Court yesterday Sjdney Stephen aged 1j years a son of Mr 1 rank Stepl cn solicitor was charged by a young man named Wm S Ljon aged V) years with having assaulted him Prom the evidence taken it appeared tha a number of boje from the Grammar School were running I ast where I yon was at work in the Punt road ono evening ti IB week when Lyon made a remark which thoy took to be insurt mt ïhe next morning young Stephen went up to Lyon and according to tho statement of the latter struck him without fciung any previous warning A Boullia took place and a man named W H Llliaton tried to separate them when Trank Stoihen jun assaulted him Lyon complained that some false teeth were knocked out of his mouth and that one of them was forced down his throat Some witnesses wero examined for the defence who Btated that tho asbault was not a sudden one but that both parties fought willingly ile Bench considered that if Sydney Stephen thought he had been insulted he bad no rit,ht to take tho law into his own hands and fined lum 20a with 10a costa Trank Stephen jun was summoned by Llhston for an assault but the Bench dis missed the case Iho man Christopher Johnson who waa charged at the Sandndgo Police Court about a week since with stealing n quantity of copper from the s b Wentworth was again brought before the Sandndgo matiatrates jestcrday on a charge of being a rogue and vagabond The etidenco had been taken at the last court day and the magistrates ad journed the case for further consideration Yesterday when tho caso was called on Mr Mollison sentenced the prisoner to six months imprisonment with hard labour Margaret Buck a middle aged woman was charged at the Sandridge Polico Court yea terday with stealing some goods from the house of Henry Charles Wing a shipwright living in Station place It appeared that a woman named Catherine Phillips had been the housekeeper of the pro secutor for some time but owing to her quarrels with the neighbours she waa summoned to the polico court and in default of a fine was sent to gaol After being in gaol for two days she was liberated and upon her return to the houao she missed a quantity of property amongst it being a Japanese cabinet As the prisoner had been seen coming out of the prosecutor s house a search warrant was obtained against her and when the house was searched Bome of the property waa found underneath the mattress of her bed After hearing the evi dence the maeistrates sentenced the pn soner to six weeks imprisonment The business of tho Hotham Police Court jesterday was greatly delayed by a dispute between some neighbours living on the Tlemington road Thore wero no leaa than II summonses in this complicated quarrel Jane Muirhead charged Annie and Eliza beth Cobb with throwing stones Thomas Debney charged Alexander Cobb with an un lawful asBault and was charged by the latter with uBing insulting words and an assault Elizabeth Cobb charged Debney with assault mg her and in turn Bhe was charged by him with throwing stones Debney summoned Alexander Cobb for cruelly ill treating a dog Annie Cobb oharged J H Preston with using insulting language and also with aBsaulting her, and Alice Cobb oharged JameB Muirhead with throwing tar at her Ihe Bench expressed an opinion that the whole affair was most discreditable to the parties engaged in it Pieuton was fined 20s with 23s Cd coBts for assault, Debney was fined 20s. with 23s Cd costs for assaulting Alex Cobb who appeared to have received more damage than any of the other dis putanta. Cobb was also fined 20s. with 23s 0d costs and Preston waa fined 10a. with 23s bd costa for assault This miserable squabble occupied the time of tho court till 3 o clock The usual meeting of the manaßfaß com mittee of the Benevolent Asylum yesterday lapsed for want of a quorum A donation of £20 was received from Messrs M Culloch Sellar and Co , with a request that Mr R Sellar should be nominated as a life governor of the institution A donation of £2 was re ceived from the United Ancient Order of Druids The ahiro council of Bairnsdale recently advertisod for tenders for a loan which they purpose contracting and the time for receipt of tenders was extended to 3 o clock yester day At that hour however no tenders had been forwarded to the general manager of the Bank of Victoria who had been ap pointed to receive thom ?\\\e regret to leam that Mrs Burn daughter of the well known author of Hones Kiery Day Boot, and other popular works is now lying ill m bed and that she is m desti tute circumstances. Wo shall be glad to take c1 arge of contributions m aid of this really deserving case Tho following is the number of paid telegramB transmitted through the Lastern Lxtension Australasia and China Pole graph Companys cable from Port Darwin for the week ending Triday August 0 -Sent from the colonies-Victoria 19 South Aus tralla 12 New South Wales 21 Queensland 3 Tasmania 2 New Zealand 4 West Aus traba 0-total 84 Sent to the colonies \ letona 3o South Australia 11 Now South Wales 19 Queensland 0 lasmania 0 New Zealand 2 West Australia 0-totil 07 Total number of messages lol A football match will bt played to day on the Albert park ground between the first twenties of Wesley and Scotch Colleges play to commence at half past 2pm sharp The following will represent the Scotch College - H AdamB J W Adamson J Allan G Baillie C Baker (captain) H Dunn H Downes W M Gordon C Grey J Kenni son S Lamrock J L Levy J Montgomery A Macdonald J Macdonald W Matheson R Simpson T Serjeant J K O Smith C Swanson Emergencies-J Bndoaon L Griihth R C Macpherson A Stewart The Rev J G Stobbs delivered the fourth of a series of lectures on modern church history at the West Melbourne Presbytemn Church jesteiday evening He described the relation of the church and creeds and the state The attendance did not oxceed SO persons The telegrarh line to Western Australia writes tho box th Australian Advertiser of August 10 will go from Port Augusta to lowlers Bay Iron poles are to bo used throughout and these will be taken from Port Augusta via rranklin Harbour to Port Lincoln thence across to Collins Bay and along the coast to \enus Bay and then from Streaky Bay to 1 owler s Bay asufficient n amber having been ordered to pole right through Mr Knuckey will start this week for the purpose of laying out the line Mr Walter lhompson has the contract for this portion of the work but the other parts are not yet let As to the Vi estern Australian end of the line the Government have we beheve let the contracts and the work has been commenced An account of the capture of a notorious convict is given by the douth Australien Bey ter of July 30 - Sergeant Bentley arrested on \\\ ednesday the 23th inst Jan es Hurley a notorious escaped prisoner He has had an adventurous career in crime and for a long timo evaded the police of Vi est Australia by Bruiting often under various diBguiBes from one to another part of ti at colony On Juno 26 he escaped from Rockingham 2.> miles from Ierth as a Btowaway on board the barque Armistice bound to Vi allaroo with timber and arrived on July 13 Tho offender is one of the great Cornhill burglars and having been com icted of burglary and several other offences on April 10 180j at a Criminal Court in London was sentenced to 10 years penal servitude no was sent out in 18t>6 to West Austraba m the convict shin Corona and was liberated at lorth on a ticket of leave in May 1872 In May 1871 ho waa the ringleader of a band of burglars some of whom were sentenced to seven vears and Hurley was ordere 1 to have threo years penal servitude In 1874 he again re ceived a ticket of leave but it was revoked as he wob convicted of being found on the premises of a Perth citizen with somo felo nious intent He was brought to Adelaide by ti o W allaroo mail coach on Thursday and will be taken before Mr Beddome to daj at tho City I ohce Court Tho prisoner is jft 8m in height 4j years of age and has a determined looking cast of countenance The man s apprehension is due to the prompt action of Inspector Peterswald who caused him to be arrested as soon as information of his whereabouts was rocen ed He was work ing near Kadina when captured Our own magistrates observes tho Pall Mall QaMte often delight tho oflicials of ti eir courts by their witticisms but their humour is not to be compared with that of their brethren of the United States The otl er day according to the Del oil F ce Píese a little bit of a man wearing a billions lool ing plug 1 at and Bpoaking in childlike tones waa placed in the dock Vi hy for thou seedling ' inquired the judge looking up Ima prisoner but I m entitled to be treated with respect squeaked the little man standing on his tiptoes and growing red in the face Respectfully I our obedient servant replied his honour waving his hand around with laimitablo trace I won t bo made fun of-I tell you I wont squealed the prisoner lun fun repeated the j ad go Sir this is a serious world with four pounds of heartache to one old fashioned grin No Bir I seo no fun here The charge is being drunk and raising a great row-a very serious thing Who says I got drunk ? squealed the little man who says I raised a great row Î It is a con spiracy to get mc out of tho neighbourhood Prisoner at the bar said his honour when the evidence was all in now is the time to make a 1 ourth of July speech if you ore ever going to make one If you have any evi dence burl it at me Silence Darius Worthington Jones resumed tho judge after waiting for an answer you are chalked for 00 dajs lou wontaot out anyomona ti is Bprn g and you won t be arouud when the first circus stnk»s Detroit Maj day will find you making chairs and Juno bornes will have ripened and vanished oro we gaze upon your face again Several correspondents says the Pall Mall Ga elie have written to the ktandai d to complain of what thej consi'er the im pertinent intrusion of porsons who are now carrying on a house to house visitation on behalf of Messrs Moody and Sankoy In one case a female visitor drove up to a house in a well appointed e mipage and presBed the lady who lived in tho bouse to go and hear Messrs Moody and Sankey The lady ox plained that Bhe was au invalid and could not go whereupon the visitor proceeded to inquire whether the invalid felt herself spiritually prepared for death asked per mission to address the servants and closed her viBit by offering a prayer Another correspondent states that a young mar ried woman near her confinement was so ternfiod by tho visit of two persons calling themselves titled ladies who would perBiBt m praying preaching and catechising her, for two consecutive hours that the husband on returning home found her in a completely prostrate and fainting state and Bhe has smco continued seriously unwell In another case a malo visitor who called at a house while the servant hap pened to be out naked tho mistreBB of tho house to be permitted to come in and have half an hour s Bilent prayer with her* She refused and ho then bogan to rave on the doorstep and asked several impertinent questions amongst othors whether she was aware that she had a soul to save 7 if she was aware where she would go to heronfter ? Upon her still refus ing bia request he began to ' pray for his dear sister She waa at last in the act of dosing the door when he gave her a tract and naked whether ii he called again at Borne future time she would accede to hia requeBt The lady told him to call again when her husband waa at home, but (the 'correspondent says) somehow or other these gentlemen studi- ously avoid coming then. One case is even woree than the above. A person, who is described as a 'tall, thin, elderly and very strong minded looking female,' called upon a widow lady to ask if she had ever attended the services of ' our brethren m the Lord, Moody and Sankey.' Tho lady informed her visitor that she never had attended and never should attend such ser- vices, as she was a High Churchtvoman whereupon the visitor became oxcited, told the lady that the ' evil one had got bor m his power,' ' that the gates of hell wore yawning for her,' and made other remarks of a like nature. She afterwards asked for some refreshments, as she had come a long way on foot, and on being asked what she I would take replied, ' If it would not incon- venience, a little hot brandy and water.' After she had drunk the brandy ana water and left the house, the lady found tnat her visitor had taken with her tho silver spoon she had uBed for her brandy, several orna- ments from the drawmgroom mantelpiece, and the best umbrella from the stand in the hall, and m exchange had left a ' Life of Mr Moody,' a 'Lifoof Mr Sankey,'somerohgiouB periodicals, and a promise that the lady should be the object of a special prayer at an early meeting of Messrs Moody and bankey, aa especially requiring light' " " People who are troubled about the length of the Beecher trial,' remarks tho ¿¡an Pranasco Bulklm, " will find consolation in companng it with a case in Kentucky which ia almost as old as the State It waa bogun in 1815 and had attained the very respectable autiquity of 16 years before it waa first brought to a hearing Since then it has been twice to the Court of Appeala and in various lower courts, and was only a fow months ago transferred to the Clark County Court of Common PleaB Tho subject-matter of tins suit ia a tract of 19 000 acres of land The original plaintiff was Joseph Blackwell, and the defendants were 09 in number The plaintiff died 30 tears ago, and now it is bebet ed that not one of the oi ¡¿mal partie" or of the attorneys originally employed Bur vives. The suit descends from father to son as a much prized family possession It has already passed to the third generation and there is no reason now apparent why it should not outlast two oi three generations moro, if not the race now inhabiting Ken tucky. Another lons, case is that of Wm. N Rae against Lewis Beach, in New York The suit waa instituted in 1800 to recover 339dol. *)7c on a building contract, and haB been in the courts ever since The coats at present are five times greater than the amount originally sued for. After 15 years the case has only reached the general teimof the City Court, and when a decision has been obtained there the defeated party will appeal to the Court of Appeals " "Tew names " Bays Land and Water, " are better known among students of the history and antiquities of cricket than that of Mr Edward Hayward Budd, whose death at the ripe old age of 00 is just announced. He shared with Lord Tredenck Beauclerc and Mr. William Ward the credit of being the beat amatour cricketer of tho early part of the present century, and was m some respects superior to either of his memorable rivals One of the best fielders and bowlers of his day, he was certainly the hardest hitter, and performed many a wondor ful feat, including a hit out of Lord a old ground, whore Dorsot square now stands, in a Surrey and longland match, in 1808, and a forward dnvo for nine, fairly fielded, and run out on Woolwich Com- mon He first played at Lord a in September, 1802, was chosen in gentlemen players in 1S0G, and continued the game for fully 50 years, playing well to the last and ready to tako any place in the field Ho and John Jackson, the celebrated putiliatic tutor to Lord Byron, wore reckoned to bo, about the time of Waterloo, the two best made men in England, and he stood up to the fastest bowling of his day without any further de- fence than an extra pair of stockings rolled down bo as to protect his ankles from being severely hit Tew men have ever been so dis tinguiahed for prowess in all athletic sports, and very fow bavehved a healthier and happier life. In his first recorded match he played with James Aylward, who was bom soon after 17-10, and knew cricket from its earliest start mto fame In him we lose the last connecting link between ourselves and those who first did thoir beat to make cricket what it now is, and the place that he filled is empty for ever It is probable that he was atleaBtSOjears older than any cricketer of note since W. Beldham diod, at li,, in 1S62, and that ho was the last survivor of the old school of underhand bowlers, who woro superseded, for all practical purposes, when James Broadbndge and W. Lillywhite in- troduced tho present system of bowling in 1827 " M. Paschal GrouBset, writing to a London paper, Bays:--" On relating how a political prisoner in New Caledonia had been ordered to perform the office of executioner, and how, upon his lefuBal to obey Buch an order, ho had been almost beaten to death, you have questioned the possibility of such an occur- rence. But a letter which I have received tia Australia enables me to confirm this hor- rible story. It is a real fact, of which tboro can be no doubt, and, as if to increase the horror, you must know that the convict selected for this work íb a distinguished literary man, a poet, M. Henri BrisBac ; still further, he is well known for the earnestness with which ho has always combated capital punishment, both theoretically and prac tically. I could furnish you with still minuter details, and tell you how those who know him intimately esteem him, how noble his nature, how tonder and generous his heart, how superior his intellect ; but no doubt I should be accused of converting this ' con- vict ' into a hero of romance." All the theatres in Now York gave the gross proceeds of the performances on the afternoon of tho 29th of April last, for the benefit of the five orphan children of the late Dan Bryant, the "nigger minstrel." At the Fifth-avonno Theatre, a clergyman, the Rev. O. B. Frothingham, presented him. self on the stage, not for the purpose of con- demning theatrical entertainments, but, as ho said, "to do honour to ono who was a good and generous man." Speaking of the deceased actor, Mr. Frothingham went on to say :-" I wish that I could Bay that I had ever done him as much good as bo did to me. Ho wasabencfactor in the noblest sense of tho word, for his minstrel hall was a temple of innocont mirth, and with joyous laughtor ho did his good work in aiding to Clcauso tho fe.ul bosom of Hint perilous 8tufl Which weighs upon tho heart. Although a fortuno had passed through his hands, his widow and children now de- pend upon our benevolenco, because ho waB always ready to give to those who were in need, and nevor was able to keep the money of which poorer men were in want. In olden times the priests used tho dramatic profession to impress upon the masses les BonB of morality and kindness, and it seems to mo that thero is something of the old religiouB leaven in an occasion Uko this, when we assemble together-actors, priests, and laymen-to do good to tho poor and the afflicted. Since that olden time the profes. sion may havo degenerated. Perhaps it has : but of what other profession may not the same thing bo said? What lawyer, what physician acts up to his ideal? and what clergyman can say that his life follows the upward course of his winged prayers Î" A concert was given loBt night at the Mel- bourne Athenioam, in favour of Mr. W. St. John CawB. It was under the patronage of the members of tho St. James's Lodge, I.O.G.T., and in recognition of that gentle man's services rendered gratuitously for benevolent objects. There was a very small attendance, but the entertainment was nevertheless of quita a respoctablo kind. The vocalista ?ere Kiss Frederica Mitchell, Mrs. Fitzgerald Quinn, Mr. Melchor Winter, i Mr. W. E. Furlong, and Mastor J. B. Gannon. Miss Mitchell sang with admirable, taste the two songs set down for her, arid waa especially successful in Gaatort'a "Adieu." She was also encored for singing "Seeking Best"-a récent composition of the bénéficiaires. Mr. Winter'sang "Como into the Garden, Maude, "and "The Anchor's Weighed" in good style. Mr. Furlong's song "Fair Winds are Blowing," composed by Glover, wa» re-demanded ; and Master J B, Gannon, who has a beautiful voice for a boy, was encored in Blamphin's song "I Love to Roam." Mrs. Fitzgerald Quinn con- tributed two songs-" Kate O'Shane," by I Linley, and " Ruby," by Claribel. Mr. John Hill, K.S., R.A.M., played De Sivrai's fantasia "Erin" in his own masterly style, and Mr. C. B. Foster gave a spirited and effective roudering of LÎBzt's " Rhapsodie Hongroise." Mr. Foster also took the lead- ing part in H. Herz's duet on the march from William Tell-the second part being played by Mr. G. Sterling. There waa also some part singing to fill in the remainder of the programme. There was a dance after tho concert. The third of tho De Murska concerta will take placo to-morrow night at the Town halL The selections set down in tho pro- gramme for Mdlle. de Murska are a grand aria from " I Puritani," by Bellini ; a Hun- garian song and variations, composed ex- pressly for her by Terenz Dappler ; and (by request) tho duot, "Quanta Amore," from " L'Elieir d'Amore, in which sho will be nssiBted by Signor Susiui. The remainder of tho programme is also well selected. The condition of the plan of the sittings yeater day afternoon waa indicative of a vory large attendance. Tho fourth concert will be given on Monday night, when, amongst other things, Mr. Alfred Anderson will play a pianoforte duet from "Der Freischütz," with Mr. Charles E Pratt, the pianist of the De Murska company. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Gar deners' United Benefit Association was held at the Horticultural-hall on Tuesday last, Mr. G. H. Thomas in the chair. The minutea of tho previoua meeting were read and con- firmed, after which tho election of candidates for membership took place. The secretary reported that the society waa steadily pro- gressing, and said he was confident it would become a great boon to gardeners generally. A Bubscription list was placed on the table for tho wife and family of an old member who has been some timo ill, and £5 waa realised. Several horticultural subjects were discussed, and the proceedings were brought to a close. "Kerry" and "The Colleen Bawn" were repeated at th'o Opera-house last night to a good house. This evening the performances will be for the benefit of Mr. J. C. William, eon, when the same pioces will be pre- sented. "The Octoroon," as presented at the Theatre Royal, continuea to bo fairly patronised. The Royal Marionettes repeated their attractive performances last evening, By some oversight of the railway autho- rities, the parcel of our Geelong corre- spondent was loft behind at that town yesterday It was duly entered in the way- bill, but did not come on. These mistakes occur with very reprehensible frequency. Messrs A. Snowden and G. (i. Crospia have been elected lay representatives m the church assembly for tho pansu of St. Philip. The monthly meeting of the Fourth Union Benefit Building and Investment Society was held at the offi-es, 82 Collins-Btroot east, last evening, Major Radcliffe in the chair. The receipts of the evening were announced as £2 021 5s 5d.; 15 shares were Bold at par, and 218J shares were balloted. A concert was held in the orderly room, Coburg, on Wednesday last, for the purpose of raising funds to relieve Mr. W. Shaw, late bandmaster of the Pentndge Rifles, who has been Buffering from paralysis for the lost two or three yearB, and has been prevented from earning a livelihood for himBOlf. Mr. Shaw Ben ed for a number of years in India as a soldier of the 93rd Regiment Ho came to this colony about 20 years ago, and at the time Colonel Champ orgnnised the Pentndgo lillies, Mr. Shaw joined in the above capacity, and has been a useful mem- ber of tho corps during that time Mr. G O. Duncan occupied the chair, and compli- mented the inhabitants of Coburg on the number who had attended that evening to relieve an old man who had served his country for bo many j ears, and who was fast approaching the end of his days. The pro- ceeds will realise from £12 to £15. 