TUMUT LOCAL NEWS. THE shareholders of the Great Britain Gold and Tin Mining Company, at Sandy Creek, will be pleased to learn that the company's gigantic tail-race has been completed, and that ground-sluicing operations were commenced on Monday, the 9th instant. Since its for- mation, some two years ago, this company has persistently carried forward one of the largest mining speculations that has ever been under- taken in this district, and a great quantity of work has been accomplished in a very econo- mical manner. As a proof of the magnitude of the underfilling we may state that 128 lineal feet of hard granite had to be excavated before the race was deep enough to commence the work of tunneling. When this work was finished, a tunnel was begun and carried through very hard stone, for a distance of 418 feet, softer material being then tapped at a distance of 32 feet 6 inches from the surface. From this point, to where ground-sluicing is now going on there extends a large open cut ting, 450 yards in length by 25 feet in depth. The whole cost of the works has been, in round figures, some £2000. We sincerely hope that the shareholders will be repaid for the capital and energy they have expended on this claim by its proving a success, and by handsome dividends being ere long declared. ON Monday evening last a Chinaman arrived in town in a great state of excitement. He stated that his name was Tue-Le-Ah-Chi, that he was a storekeeper at Upper Adelong, and that he had sustained a murderous assault at the hands of one of his countrymen, who it appears had wounded Ah-Cbi on the head with a machine weight and subsequently as saulted him with a butcher's chopper; but on some other Celestials coming to the rescue the culprit fled. A warrant has been granted for his apprehension. DURING the past week one chief topic of conversation among local gossips has been the vagaries of the Windowie ghost. Were we to assert our disbelief in the existence of ghosts in general, and in this one in particular, we should probably incur the displeasure of some reader with spiritualistic proclivities, so we for the present refrain from expressing an opinion upon the subject, and merely relate the facts which have come under our notice, leaving the public to draw their own conclu- sions. We do not give credence to all the marvellous stories current about this local ap- parition, but it is beyond dispute that a num- ber of residents have seen something mys- terious, and we have been at some pains to glean the following details. One evening last week a very old resident at Windowie ob- served a female in white on the flat near his dwelling, and remarked "Mrs R." is late to- night putting up her ducks—"Mrs R." being a neighbour of his and the only female besides those of his own family likely to be there at that time of night, but on subsequent inquiry at Mrs R's. place it was found that she had not left the house all that evening. This in- cident occasioned but little comment until the following occurred. Late on the night of Thursday, the 12th inst, the road party at work on the Windowie contract had retired to their hut, and one of their number, Mr "A.," was in the act of bathing his feet, when his attention was attracted by a slight noise out- side. He called to "C," one of his mates, to run out to the dray, and see if some one was not stealing the harness. "C." went outside but quickly returned, pallid of aspect and with beads of sweat upon his brow, saying "It's a ghost?" The third occupant of the hut, having no desire to interview the nocturnal visitor, drew the blanket over his head, and remained where he was; but "A"—who has pluck enough to face a legion of hobgoblins— rushed outside and beheld, sure enough, standing near the dray, a regular conventional ghost, viz., a tall figure with extended arms, draped in white, "Ah," exclaimed A, "I guess you want one of my horse- collars, just wait a second, and I'll give you a striking proof of my liberality." So saying, "A" sung out to his mate to hand him a long-handled hammer, and armed with this weapon rushed upon the enemy; but the blow fell harmless, for the ghostly visitor vanished at once. Owing to the darkness of the night and the ground around covered with thistles, A, who was bare- footed, considered further pursuit of the ghost unadviaable, else we might have heard the last of this Windowie woman in white. Since writing the above, we have heard that another of the ghostly fraternity has been playing high pranks in another part of our district. In one instance, we understand, a marriage had been arranged, and everything went smoothly, till the eve before the wedding, when a ghost ap- peared upon the scene, and we suppose from what followed forbid the banns, as the bride elect, in consequence of revelations made to her by the supernatural visitor, hna determined to forego matrimony for the present, "Two swallows do not make a summer;" but we suppose a flight of hundreds of these birds at this season is a tolerable indication that warm weather is approaching. One evening last week, when the snow was still visible on the mountains, we observed immense numbers of swallows skimming over the town, evidently the advanced guard of the large army which has since arrived. The early re- turn of these birds is a pretty sure sign that a long, hot summer will ensue. OUR attention has been directed to the dangerous state of the culvert near Mr Boyd's place, at the Gilmore. Unless repairs are soon effected some serious accident is likely to occur. Constable Bensley had a narrow escape at this place on Tuesday last, his horse falling with him owing to the animal putting his foot through a broken plank, and last week a lady met with an accident at the same place. During the past week the local Govern- ment surveyor has surveyed, pursuant to his instructions, a block of ground having a frontage to Simpson-street, granted by the Crown to the Presbyterian Church. The site is a very good one, being situated near the telegraph line on what is known as the Rocky Range. We understand no clergyman has yet been appointed to take charge of the Presbyterian body in Tumut. The Rev. Mr Mackenzie, who after leaving Tumut accepted a call to Braidwood, was, we believe, on Wednesday last inducted to the office of pastor of the Presbyterian Church in that town. Mr L. C. GRIOT, who for many years acted as foreman at Mr L. Mandelson's establish- ment in Tumut, has been appointed by that firm to manage the new branch, the firm will open in Adelong on Monday next. During Mr Griot's career in this town he has gained many friends whose good wishes accom- pany him to his new appointment. THE following selections were taken up at the land-office on Thursday:— Henry Richardson, 260a, Dutzon Joseph Hodge, 100a, Nackie Nackie John Hodge, 220a, Nackie Nackie Thos. Alex. Hodge, 80a, Nackie Nackie Thos. Parker, 40a, Nackie Nackie. 