\--'-?' ' '. ' . - --- Endeavour. A moaning cry, aa the world rolls by, Through gloom of cloud and glory of sky, Bings in roy oars for over ; And I know not what it profits a man To plough and sow, to study and plan, And reap the harvest never. Abide in truth, abide," Spoke a low voice at my side, " Abido thou and endeavour." And oven though, after caro and toll I shall see my hopes from a kindly soiL Though late, yet blossoming ever. Perchance the prize were not worth -the pain, Perchance the fretting and wasting of brain Wins its true guerdon never. " Abide, in love abide," Tho tender voice replied, *. Abide thou, and endeavour." " Strive and endeavour, it profits more To fight and fall, than on Time's dull shore To sit and idlo ever ; For him who bares his arm to the strif o, Firm to his post in tho battle of life, The viotory faileth never. "Therefore, in faith abide," The earnest voice still cried, "Abide thou, and endeavour." Said an Irish justice to an obstreperous prisoner on trial, " *Wo want nothing bat silence, and very littlo of that." A Parisian music dictionary defines a shout to bo " an unpleasant noiso produced by overstraining tho throat for whioh great singers are well paid, and small children well punished." Boswell observing to Johnson that there was no in stance of a beggar dying for want in the streets of Scot land. " I believe, Sir. you are very right," says John son ; but this does not arise from the want of beggars, but tho impossibility of starving a Scotchman." A Sootoh Minister recently, in discoursing of a cer tain class of persons who were obnoxious to him, con cluded with this singular peroration : " Ma freons, it is as impossible for a sinner to enter the kingdom o' heaven as for a coo to climb up a treo wi' her tail fore most and harry a craw's nest, or for a soo to sit on the top o' a thistle like a laverlook. A philosophic and self-possessed ship captain was passing through a churchyard at midnight, when a "sheeted ghost" rose up behind a tombstone, and ap proached him with menacing gestures. Tho ancient mariner coolly raised his stick, and gave him a crack over the side of tho head, asking him, "What he meant by being ont of his grave at BO late an hoar ?" BAD CHARACTER.-Tho importance of preserving good reputation for truth and honesty is quite strik ingly set forth in tho following : A mortal fever pre vailed on board a ship at sea, and a negro man was ap pointed to throw tho bodies of those who died from timo to time overboard. One day, when tho captain was on dook, he saw the negro dragging out of the fore castle a BÎok man, who was violently struggling to ex tricate himself from the negro's grasp, and rcmonstrat I ing very bitterly against tho cruelty of being buried ' alive. " What are you going to do with that siok man you black raBeal?" Baid the captpin-*' Going to throw him overboard, massa, 'cause he is dead."-" Dead, you villian?" said the captain; "don't you see he moves and speaks?-" YCB, massa, I know he says he I no dead, but ho always lie so, nobody ovor know when to believe him. 