iifet f t e . PouncAii MEETING AND FETE.—At Goolwa, this afternoon, a political meeting to consider the policy of the Government is to be held, and afterwards the members for the Encounter Bay District (the Hon. the Premier and Mr. A. F. Lindsay, M.P.'s) are to be entertained at dinner. It is rumoured that the most of the members of the Ministry will be present. SUPREME COURT.—The Civil Sittings were concluded on Friday, October 22. His Honor Mr. Justice Stow presided, and heard the case of Pugh v. White, a elaimi for damages for encroachment and injury caused thereby. After two or three witnesses had been examined, the plaintiff was nonsuited, on the ground that he had never been in possession, and for want of evidence that the injury was caused by the defendant. The Full Court will sit on Saturday, that being the Last Day of the Third Law Term. SUNDAY-SCHOOL PICNIC.—In consequence of the wet weather on Tuesday, October 19, the annual picnic of the Sunday-schools connected with the North Adelaide Congregational Church had to be postponed till the following Friday. On that moming the youngsters with a large number of the teachers assembled at the Church, and soon after 9 o'clock a start was made for Brownhill Creek in twelve of Hill& Co.'s coaches. As the procession passed along King Williamstreet the children, who seemed in capital spirits for a day in the hills, gave expression to their feelings in loud and hearty cheers. Considering the fine weather and the liberal provision that has been made for their amusement, a day's thorough enjoyment may be confidently anticipated for the young people. A BOLT.—A pair of horses attached to a Stepney omnibus bolted on Friday morning, October 22, from the Maid and Magpie Hotel, where the driver had got down for a moment, and made for town at a sharp pace. They seeined, however, to have avoided all obstacles until Bundle-street was reaohed, but when nearly opposite to Mr. Ciuiuingham's shop they ran into a horse and dray, the driver of which tried to avoid them. The pole of the omnibus was broken and the driver of the dray thrown out, receiving a bruise on the hand. The three hoqses did not seem to be injured beyond a few scratches. INTERCOLONIAL CRICKET MATCH.—Our Melbourne telegrams intimate that a cricket match is being arranged between South Australian and Victorian players. RIVER NEWS.—The following were the heights of the rivers at the looalities mentioned on October 22, at 10 a.m.:— Hay (Murrumbidgee), 10 feet. Balranald (Murrumbidgee), 14 feet. Wefatworth (Darling), 23 feet Bourke, 4 feet, falling. Euston, falling slowly. Brelwarrina (Darling), low. Naomi and Barwon, low. FJLOBAL EXHIBITION,—The annual flower show of the Juvenile Floral Society, in connection with the North Adelaide Baptist Sunday School, will- be held this evening in the Temperance Hall, Tynte-street. THE HONOURABLE LAYINGTON GLYDE.—The Gazette announces that Her Majesty the Queea has, on the recommendation of the Secretary of State for the Colonies, been graciously pleased to authorize Mr. Lavington Glyde to wear the civil uniform to which he was entitled while a Minister, and to^retain the title of Honourable within the colony. Tins distinction has been conferred on Mr. Glyde in consideration of his having held the position of Minister* of the Crown in South Australia for a longer period than three years. THE CEISIS.—The following is a copy of the material part of the memorial which was adopted at the Gawler public meeting, and which has beeij circulated in the country: — *' 1. That 3 our memorialists have taken great interest in the proposition of the Government to open up the • country and provide for its more rapid progress by the construction of a largelyextended system of railways. 2. That your memorialists believe that the construction of these railways will confer very considerable benefit on the community generally, by facilitating the conveyance of produce to the seaboard, by opening up the interior of the country, by increasing the river trade, and by enhancing the lvalue of property all over the colony. 3\. Hat your memorialists believe that in order to put the finances of the country into a satisfactory position an increase of taxation! necessary, and they feel certain tfcats the great mass of the people will cheerfully submit to such an increase, if by so doing they can secure the great advantages of the proposed railways. 4. That however much -the tax«B proposed by the Stamp and Succession Duties Bill may seem to bear on some of your memorialists they are prepared to submit to them rather than risk the overthrow of the railway policy of the Government 5. That three of your memorialists who signed a previous memorial against the proposed stamp and succession duties did so without being aware that the rejection of the Bill would embarrass the GoverLment, or that there would be any difficulty in substituting some other and less troublesome form of taxation. Your memorialists therefore pray that your Honourable House will be pleased to so support the Government in its policy as to avoid as far as possible any delay in the construction of the railways, and to pass the Stanm and Succession Duties Bill if it is a necessary portion of that policy." A BRIDGE OVER THE MURRAY.—There were 14 tenders sent in to the Board of Land and Works (says the Age of Melbourne) for the construction of the road and railway bridge over the Murray at Echuca. That of Messrs. Walker and , Hallidays, for £81,825 16s. 2d., was accepted, subject to being found correct and the concurrence of the New South Wales Government who pay half the cost The work is one of considerable magnitude, owing to the necessary altitude and length of the structure. In order, to provide against the heaviest floods the girders of the •central span will be 66 feet above the river at summer level, and the entire length of thb contract will be 58 chains. When completed it will be one of the grandest and most striking pieces of engineering work in Australia. The approaches will consist of 401 feet of earthworks, strengthened with a double row of piles and cross and longitudinal timbering. At the end of each approach strong abutments will be built in brick, with stone facings. From abutment to abutment, the river is spanned by powerful iron girders, which rest on double rows of wrought iron columns, filled in with concrete. The central span will be 112 feet wide, and the two spans: immediately adjoining, one on either side, will be 98 feet each from column to column. The diameter of the cylinders of which the columns will be composed will be at the bases 9 feet, 7 feet, and 5 feet, and smaller by degrees, according to the strain to be borne. There trill, in addition to the central span of 112 feet ana the two side spans of 9S feet, be 24 flood openings of 48; feet each. The main girders wUI be 10 feet in depth. The three central spans will be strengthened transversely by three arch bracing?, and the top of the bridge will be ornamented with a handsome trellis-worked iron hand railing. The bridge, which will serre thG treble p*arp;sa cf a railroad, a main road, and a footbridge, will be lighted by 22 was lamps, each of T.ljK-h will ccgt in Melbourne. EAGLE INSURANCE OOMTANY,—We have received a copy of the annual report of this Company, which has been in existence for the last 63 years. The premiums on new assurances effected during the past year have been £15,633 3s. 9d.; and the interest and dividends .have amounted to £125,624 12s. The Company appears to be exceedingly wealthy, having no less than three millions sterling invested in Government and other securities, and available for payment of claims. This, of coarse, is a very important consideration, not only to . the assured but to those who contemplate insuring their lives. THE THEATRE ROYAL.—"Hamlet" was revived on Thursday night to a moderate house. Mr. Fairclough is certainly very unfortunate, for on this occasion, as if things were not bad enough before, Mr. West was too ill to appear as the King and Ghost, and Mr. Daniels had to take his place and read the part. With this exception, however, everything went smoothly. This evening Mr. Fairclough takes his farewell benefit, when he will appear in his great impersonation of "Richelieu," in Buiwer Lytton's celebrated play. We shall be sincerely sorry if this talented actor is allowed to depart having received a benefit only in name, and hope for the credit o Adelaide playgoers that he will have a bumpehouse. ANOTHER NKW RIVER STEAMER.—It is mentioned by the Riverina Herald of the 5thinst that on the previous Saturday a trial trip was made of a new steamer called the Moira, which has just been built at Echuca, on the River Murray, for Mr H. Luth. "She will principally be employed in the service of Messrs. Luth and Riddell's taw-mills, which are situated about three miles up the River Murray, on the Victorian side. From the very frequent inability of the proprietors of the mills to obtain the services of atteamer to convey their own timber from and to the mills they hed decided, to save delay and consequent expense, to build a steamer for! their own use. The result is the Moira has been completed to the order of Mr. Luth, and he is the sole owner of her. In the event of there not; being sufficient employment for the Moira in*the trade of the saw-mill, she will be used in the same capacity as the steamers at present used for general carrying purposes on the Murray, Murrumbidgee, and Darling Rivers. She iB of medium size, and built with extensive csrjgo accommodation both fore and aft of the engine. The acting Government engineer (Mr Lees, of Messrs. M'Culloch & Co.), accompanied the Moira, and has pronounced her to fc3 a smart steamer, but with—as might be expected in a first trial—a few defects in the working of thef machinery, and which can be remedied very easily ; and when she is in good working^ order shejwill prove as useful a vessel as any in the river trade. The trip from the mills to the Echuca Wharf was accomplished in 20 minutes, and taking into consideration the diihculties thej steamer had to work under, may be said to be very fur time. The Moira measures 83ft over all, and is 17ft. in the width of fore-beam, with 4ft 9in. depth of hold. The engine is from the manufactory of Messrs MoCall, Anderson, & Co. of Melbourne. The nominal power of the engine is 14-borse power, but of course it can be worked up to considerably more if required. It is pleasing to observe with what rerr^urkable profusion steamers and barges are beihg added to the vessels already trading on the 1 Murray River, and it is a substantial indication of the flourishing state of trade up-eotv> tryJ and the increasing requirements of tUe town and surroundings of Echuca. The addition of the Moira is an undoubted sigu of the {flourishing trade done by the saw-mills in the |district" MAGNETISM OF RAILWAY BAILS.—"We learn from Appleton's Journal that M. Hey tr a German railway engineer, has discovered certain facts regai ding the development of magnetism in railway rails that may yet prove of great significance either in favour or against certain methods of block signalling. ' I have observed,'he says, * that all the rails-are transformed at their extremities, after they have been placed in position a few days, into powerful [iraguete, capable of attracting and of retaining a key, or even a heavier piece of metallic iron. These rails preserve their magnetism even after they have been removed, but they lose it gradually.' The production of this magnetism is attributed to the 'friction caused by the passage of trains, and,' as suggested above, it may prove of importance to. determine whether the flow of regular currents will be affected in any way by titis magnetic condition of the rail along which it is proposed to conduct them. The Jmmial of tite Franklin Institute, commenting ;on this fact also suggests that should it be proved that these magnetic currents are stronger at the moment of the passage of the trains, the magnetism thus developed may exercise an influence actually beneficial upon the stability of the railway, increasing the adherence of the wheels to the rails. A third interesting problem suggested by this fact is that relating to the influence of the magnetism of the rail upon its physical structure, whether the Ketal is rendered either more or less tough by this change in its magnetic condition." ACCIDENTS.—An accident occurred at the Glynde on Wednesday, October 20, caused by a horse taking fright A young man named Albert Lorehz, a gardener, of Athelestone, was run over by his brother's horse and cart, the wheels passing over his shoulders. ' He was at once removed to the Adelaide Hospital, and idthough much hurt, it is believed that the case is not of a serious nature. On the same date William Herry Masters, aged three years and five montfbs, living with-his parents in Carrie-street, Adelaide, was playing, and accidentally falling brokA his thigh in two plaoes. He was also removed at once to the Hospital. PLUVIAL STATISTICS. — The following is a statement of the rainfall registered at the several stations referred to during the four days ended Thursday, October 21, at 9h. a.m. It will be observed that as a general rule the heaviest rains fell in the districts north and north-east of Adelaide:— Adelaide Blintban ... ... Port Augusta- Melrose Gladstone Georgetown ... Burra Clare Auburn Port Wakefield Kadina Wallaroo Moonta Blanchetown ... Kapuhda Tanunda Gawler 0-910 0*020 0-260 1-600 0-900 1-190 1-240 1-730 1-800 0120 0-100 0 960 0-750 0*400 1-200 0-965 1-055 Gumeracha ... Willunga Normanville Cape Jervis ... Port Elliot ... Goolwa ... ... Mannum Mount Barker.. Strathalbyn ... afeningie... ... Kingston Penola Mount Gambler Mount Pleasant Robe CapeOtway ... Melbourne ... 1-810 1-070 0-385 0-085 0-552 0 400 0-310 1-585 0 970 0-020 0-520 0-460 0-508 0-050 0-240 0-008 0-005 FRAUDS IN CALIFORNIA. — The following rather appalling picture is presented by the Neics' Litter of San Francisco :—" There being no law here to regulate trade frauds, almost everything that it is possible to buy is a cheat There is fraud in every article whieh enters into the mouth, or covers the back, or is placcd nnder foot ; fraud in everything which it is pleasant to see, hear, feel, smell or taste; frand in warmth, light and locomotion; fraud mixed into whatever come spure from the earth, on everything that arrives from abroad, or is produced at botae; fraud in the raw material, and on every fresh value that is added to it by the work of iran ; fraud is the sauce which pampers man's appetite, and the drug that it is intended to restore him to health ; the ermine which decorates the judge, and the rope which hangs the criminal; in the poor man's salt and the rich man's spice; in the materials of the coffin and the ribbons of tha bride. At bed or board, ccuchant or levaut, we must pay for frauds. Tho scholoboy learns from his fraudulent text book ; the well-to-do citizen manages his spavined horse with a bridle badly made end tipen a fraudulently constructed road. The _ dj'irg Caiifoniian, pouring his adulterated medic-iEe into a silver spoon largely mixed with base mets.1. fiiu^s himself back upon a bed that is a fraud, and espires in the arms of that worst of frauos—a doctor without a diploma—who by fraud has put him to death. His whole property then passes through frudulent hands. He is carried to th6 grave by undertakers—who are cxtortiiiate cheats—and followed by a cortogo weeping false tears. His vi.-tures are hail ied clown to posterity on marble in wor-is that aro false, and be is then gathered to his fathers -t3 i.e, so : far as \te know, defrauded no ao:e for ever." 