DIOCESAN SYNOD. TUESDAY, APRIL 27. COMMUNION SERVIOR. The annual session of the Synod of the Church of England in the Dicease of Adelaide (incorporated) was opened by the Lord Bishop of Adelaide (Bev. Or. Short), at St. Paul'* Uhurch, on Tue*day morning, April 27, when the Holf Communion mi celebrated. There was s Jargo attendance. At the conclusion of the Service, Hif Lordship the Bishop delivered the following PASTjRAI, ADDRIBS. " Bev. and Dear Brethren—lt ia a beautiful picture which the prophet draws of Messiah's kingdom—'Behold a King ahall reign ia rigoteoumei?; and my people shall dwell ia peaceable habitations, and ia sore dwelling*, and in quiet resdng-pUeei, when it than hail ominjt down on the forest.'—la, xxxii. 1,18, Kbit no doubt wu realised by 'Israelites in deed,' even when the Assyrians in their career of oonn.nest overwhelmed the Hebrew na tionality. Bntitia more folly taaliaed wh«c ever in then latter dayi Christ 'reigns In righteousness' over r generated souls. The ettaet of Hli grace is'quietness and assurance for ever.' They are kept *in the tabernacle of Bia presence from the strife of toaguea.* Whan, however, we torn from the 'inwa.nl and spiritual* to His 'outward and visible* kingdom, how different it the icene! We ate transported, m it were, in a moment from 'green pastures, and atiU waters of comfort' into the noisy thoroughfares of some great metropolis; the hurry and confusion of a modern Babylon, or rather perhaps into a mediaeval city studded with fortress palaces of contending nobles;their retainers distinguished by family badges and party cries, destroying the peace and harmony of their common citizen ship. It is striking to mark how the public Press teems at this day with ecclesiastical topics, controversial letters, and discussions of the deeper mysteries of religious belief. Nor is it the clerical order alone which engages in the contention. Ministers of State and nobles have mingled in the debate, until we may say, with truth, 'the world has gone after Him,' There was the like excitement ia the republic of letters In the fifteenth century, when the revival of classical learning and the study of the Scriptures in the original tongues com menced. It was so during the era of the Reformation; and once more the tidal wave heaved upward and onward when the Spirit of God in the last century stirred the hearts of devout men to preach anew, amid the general apathy or unbelief, the Gospel of ' the grace of God,' justification by faith, the power of the Spirit, the necessity of regeneration and conversion. These godly men, in their fervent zeal, made little account of the divinely provided machinery for the propagation of truth and the spiritual train ing of mankind. The Catholic and Apostolic Church, 'the tabernacle of witness*and keeper of holy writ, the Apostolic authority and order. of the ministry, the sacrament* as 'effectual' means and pledge* of grace, and not mere signs, were set aside or made of little account nndet the belief of immediate sad sensible operations of the Spirit accompanying the" preaching ol the Word. On the other hand, without denjing or limiting the power of the Holy Ghost, direst or otherwise, the Anglican school of theolo gians ceased not, knowing the deceitfulness of the human heart, to contend not only for ' the faith once delivered to the saints,* but for the ministry and order of the Apostolic Church, and of the historic unbroken connection with it of the Reformed Church of England. I fail to see why these two schools of thought should be op posed, though distinct and separate. I believe their sympathy was interrupted more by politi cal and social influences than any essential and positive incompatibility* Amid the adverse move- ments of Romanists, Ritualists, Dissenters, and Freethinkers the question now Is, will they co operate? This, in truth, is our Church's greatest need ; for the Erastian tendencies of a State Church which silenced for more than a century the clergy in their legitimate Synods; the unquestioned need of extensive reforms: the disestablishment of the Irish branch of the United Church of England and Ireland; and the suspected spoliation of that of England; the unwillingness to increase the numbers of Bishops for the oversight of increasing millions of the laity; as well as the elergy, numbering nearly twenty-two thousand ; and, lastly, the unsatufaetory treatment of doctrinal and ritual questions by the Privy Council, call for union and co-operation among Churchmen ; and now a very large body of laymen and clergy claim for the Anglican Church a just influence in the settlement of the above questions, affecting, as they do, their spiritual Interests and hereditary predilections. Hence the origin of Congresses, in which all parties in the Church meet together and freely interchange their sentiments. Perhaps in such full and free discussion lies the solution of our present difficulties. "Those difficulties hare arisen principally from certain of the clergy who hold high views. especially concerning the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper. Considering that the 'inward and spiritual grace' of that holy ordi nanee had been unduly disparaged, they have sought not only by their sermons; Tout Tor 'ornament.;' both of the 'Church' and the 'minister,' to symbolise and show forth its dignity* They contend that they are justified In so doing by the existing ' ornaments,', rubric and the Act of Uniformity of 1662. By their opponent* they are charged with disloyalty to the Church of England, secret falling sway to Rome, and insubordination to their Bishops as the overseers of the flock. Of their wisdom, prudence, and charity the gravest doubts ate eatartanad, bat it is hardly ooosbtent with candor or joattse ta .question sfaair honesty. Very many of them arederotod, .laborious, •elf- denying parochial clergymen, who carry with them In maay oases the sympathy of their congregations. •* In say retrospect of the last year I parasire, three promioant io.4ea.of it*efesti-l. The. relation assumed toward* jSe?tate. by the! Vatican. 8. The relation of BUntliim to the Koolesiastioall*w. & Zheattitndewhloh?ome natoral phileaophers appear to have assumed towards siuOTstnral iwrsalsd tntthi I desires to speak with humility and aalmnsat on the** subjects. •L Not long ago the world was startied by the 'expaatnlabon'addrsssedbythe late Prime Minister to the lay Boman Oathollos ofSng land, urging them to disavow the aptvtrest limitation of their ail*«laiwe totheOrown by what are called the Vatican Decreet,vU,'ttiat the (Supreme Pontiff lias olldal authorltv to jadge and to declar* wlskt aloiu 1* teas aad obligatory both in faith And saotals. Inaixtd qnestiont, therafota, of atvfl law and daty—each as marriage. «dm>atagsi, poU tioal elections—it wm ' tiumght that i the oanacienoes of JUman OathoHss were plaeed under the oomstrainlng <"«i"«niw of their priesthood—tiiat oomplicatio?S might arise in which the aotioo^of dvil Government would be seriously impeded and its authority pandyaeo.' Whatorer trith tksre, may be U these aUegaUons, it is certain that there waj nothing new in the assertion of this power by. Pius EC, for Boniface VxH, in the y^ar A.D. 1302, tssuad a bull, beginning ' Unam sanetam * *o, wMoh deady lays down the principle that tte'tesipot^anthoriVbsnhafdaatstosad de pendent on the spiritual.^ She latter judges -the former, while itself U 'only judged of OodV (Fleury's WnolesUiticU Htstory?A.D. 1801) The bull then-goes e* to cUlm this spiritual authority for the Fops, as auoeessor of St. Peter, to whom it is said to have been given by Christ; therefore <*o oondndes the boll) it U 'of neoesslty to salvation that every human being should own aubsnistlon to the Boman Pontiff.' In considering the terms of this bull, it Is at onoe apparent tiiat, though the spiritual men, in whom is the mind of Ohrlat, has higher spiritual discernment in * faith and morals' than the * natural' man, yet he possossos no constraining secular power or jurisdiction over him. fie may counsel and exhort; but to depose and interdict are acti of a different charaotar. Bat if ttat the Pope Is infallible, the bull of Boniface is binding on hi* cuoaessoer, sad Pius IX has asserted nothing new. Moreover that suSf authority reaidee officially and personally in the Pope, not in the Church, the body aad spouse of Christ la mere assumption : lor the s\rff*a — were equal in all apratnalgift* and co- ordinate in all Apostollo authority. The Boyal Priesthood oensist* of tha irhole body ofbelieran, IntheinaplrsdtheocratyoJ the Hebrew psepla ihe Oiva Lawgiver was dijlnaly oommissTtfiiiw to wringo tbe vaolb ctnet?re and services of the TsTwrnsde as weHas she vastmenu of tha Priwsthoud. He solemnly investei withttem Aarsnwdhb sons. ,The Kingdom of Christ was not of this world; bat spiritually the twelve ApasOes ft was pro mised should sit upon twelve thromes judging the twelve tribe* of Israel—Matt. xx. 28. The theory of the Pope's supreme jurisdiction over all ottier Bishops derives no saostion from that premise, Again, the • powac of :Ibej9ilS > if first given to Peter, -was note oartainly given to the other Apostle*.—Matt, xrlll 17,18. The eleven eqaaOy received tfa* gift -of thal?oV Spirit. Ourl«dbr*taiedon«iem?n,sjsl said, 'Beeetve yethe Hoh/iShsss.'. Tbll?sm?I apoatolle?owan ware them co?ferrei 9. :VWh*w?,, soever sinsy* remit, thny are remitted.'lea. &U.; Paul tells the Corinthians twice that he was in nothmg behind the veryehiefest Apostles.—2 Cor. *L 6, xil- IV Accordingly he felt it his duty'to withstand at Peter to hftfaoe because ie was to be blamed. 9 St. Peter erred, that b and in consistency. Hewms neither nentidly nor morally infallible, for towards the Sentiles he was guilty of * diastmnla ion.' We pass, naturally, from the relation! of the Papacy to the State to the alleged violations >f Bccleuastual Law by o ruin ot the clergy in negard to EituaL No such alleged violation iiappDy has been brought of late under mr pobee in this Diocese. I aiy happily, for aouou ladiclal deouions on such oases under the various iota of Parliament, or doonmanu purportins to have legal force, are very difficult of attabunent. [ will therefore confine myself to ume T'fl-fi tory remarks, whiehmay help earnest enqsiren to a candid consideration of the oharsei made ■gainst the Bltnaastie party, and their reply to inch accusations. They are aeeoiad then (ll of departing from the principles of Hie reAjii.t. Beformen; (2', disaffection to the Ohurofa of England ; and (3), secret adhesion to tfcn belief i and devotions of the Boman Church, The causes of suspicions are patent and nulfold. The tot ii the ma of ternaderived from the Primitive Church, and common to the * "stirtin as well as Roman. The term 'Catholic,' for example, is used in our Liturgy, and does not mean Eomao. Is lilts manner the terms priait, confession, absolution, sanrinee, altar. Seal Presence, by no means have the same sense as when need by Boman Catholics. 2. The re rival of services, rites, ceremonies, ud instita. tioas which had fallen into abeyance, auah as daily seivices, weekly eommunhmr, special missions, retreats, guilis,'sisterhoods.' Ufads. tian zeal and love newly awakened may need some such objective rapports and outlets. 3 Devotional boob for private use, truzahtted from Boman Catholic authors, and not free from erroneous opinions and questionable forms of prayer. 4. The adoption of special eueba riitic vesimenta, emhlenutu crosser, the highly ornamented reredos, decorations and altar lightr, and ineense. The point at istoe b this, b ansh Bitoalism in whole or in part contrary to tiie law of the Aagtteaa Church—the inooma of false- doetzm* and a preparative for seoasdon to Bone? Ornate churches and rich ceremonial an no compensation for doctrinal east, * religion of form or superstitions worship. Thedofmawhioh underlies the BtcttarUtio?itualism Isthe 'effee tuons grace' or * inward part' of the Bacrameot. While rejecting transnbstanUation of the ele ments, and the natural corporeal presence ol Christ in the 'host* or 'victim,* our Articles, Oommqnlon Office, and O&techum; neverthelea teach Out the bread and wine, when Dauaautatoi to sacramental uses, are 'effeotaoos'signs, andoV make the faithful recipients, 'after a hesvenh manner." partaken of the body and blood' ol Ohri?t;thatby means of them we do feed bj faith on Christ truly present, because 'nat ooe with us,' ' taken and received varHr an< in deed' by our spirits, as they are 'rives (according to the 28th Artldefby Ohdst*«tei the heavenly manner (not 'gross or corporeal' of a spiritual body. Sash is the way in whist Bishop Andrews, and the Battbtb school «l theologians, interpreting our fm*...!.^ rejecting transubstantlation sadtte 'msaj tained a ' BeaT Presence in the sense of'trat tat?ot'oorporeaV It b, then, easy tos eboi by theoommaouseof this ward 'real,' havinj two different meanings, the *«f?rtn ssar iZ confused wit*the?oman 3oe urine™ iTbtl. same with the wads 'saerlW^atte.'• pdsst The AsgUean sacrament is for the 'Matin** remembrance of the sacrifice of the death « Ohrist,' not (He eontinnal repetition of it On sacrament is '* saeri&ce; of thankavJHnc* nol of 'eqlatton-fcr the quhkHSSsaT O. holy tatde is' Oed's board'—«a altar of rnhn nrtpropiea^j^ttrprlesawoa Bet SMdtsW people. Throughout our oammunloo o?eetbi people's pdesthooa, obbHon, eonfesstssL am thaukagtving an nsnioeat, Uit *oor atssi andoblabons.' 'We confess akr matilfnM rf^. *wo do not presume to come to Tkr Isblli * Grant us so to eat the flash of Thy tKta andddnkSbblooa, thaf •or • usetutbamV may be made clean by Bis body',' fa.z'«eai maud us to eonlanue a perpetual sswsry, 'beams; 1 'granttiiatweniay be putafao.' "tiuchts the tenor of the prayer of eeaseorJ tion, and tt« prayer of tnanksgiving «sm ponds:—' We, Thy humble servants entfaalydi sire;' 'oar saoiinee;"we sad the whole Oiisxsb we offer ourselves, enr souls and bodtaS' 'altbongh we are unworthy to offer unto Tbt any saotifioe.' These expressions dearly shai that the *"!«"«" poestbood, altar, «~-**?i i Beal Presence have a different ~ratiinr froi that taugfetln the mlatd sort cite??tonafffrenf Bearing in winii ttirin fhii iswinliil illffiiisj of meaning, and the aaoeUon given by 4i earliest Ohristiau writer* to sues terms, msh! as by great divines in our own Church in tt seveateenth oantury, thote who use them at tt pretentdayare mot on that aeoount disloyal t the Ohnreh of England. It may Indeed b asked, wby uke them 'with offSneer Xk answer is that our Beformed Church, Vk&m; Old Catholics at the pre.ent tfan^ srss «alkfl in ssparating from Borne to go back toprlmlUi doctrine and usage of the ooie Catho?a'Msl Apastolio Church. To forego entirely aueh lai guage would be to break the •? historic connection of the -*"gH"to wits, tt Holy Oatiiolic Ohoreh of she four fiat *a tariss. For example, th 4 account of the LVhbT! Day serviesand admleistratio? «f cbs Hst Oommunion given by Justin Martyr, a D. 16 (see Appendix), illustrates the absre posttis* and shows how little the present teaching am language concerning the Eucharist vsrti from that «gi. The prlndnle, then, b which Bttnalists must be judged syOtaMfe man is, 'Have they in their preaeH?fl their vestments, their ornaments of fit Church, their ceramonial, their bosks of pri vatn devotion gone beyond the line whleh «h Ohnreh of Bngfaad has drawn in her Uinrgy ofitcas, rubiias, and aitioles for the gulaaati and edification of her people?* In tfaeaulotlei of this question both the dergy and laity of th Church of Bogland, aay, the whole Protests* body of believers, are deeply iatensted. lath< newly-constituted Konfasisrtoal Court am Suireme Judieature of Appeal it will |hiilmlilj find a final answer. ateaawhOe, weary of tlu * vastment and ornaments' dbmsrfoa, to whle) matters an«s3sggersted importtMe Im-*m given, we gladly: turn to 8b £anf|p Tales, 'Xel all thing* be done to edifyta*, anofAeMsutij and in order.' I^the altaalnf,ouH)Bura|bi in harmony with thesdher and solemn baau^j of her liturgy. No more U wasted. . "I pass to the last sahjact whtahes?sforo*. ■ervation, namely, Blologteal Atonib Skbi ridism. To the Stote aid Bpicurean dW sopher at Athens, in oontnObtlan of As* theodei of nature, BL Paul taudrt tbTctt Hebrew belief of apersonUeresAor^Jehovah, not far from evary one 6f us; in whom we Im. ann move, Msd have omr being.': -« late is nalturalist isfTbJgb "^^^^^^^ tormad [ and. *4M?wb£^w|A' fMtjJmhftl vatted develipm?nt.' tbe reader of %> poet Ldaretius psoogntoss bii 4bory mrbaueeii fcot the 'Jytw'bb atoms came « ««% 4o -be in shapa, zouud, angular, sad.bookedj add 'why' sobs moved. psrpsdtsaladyi oHien horUtotslly and / d^uQy, ii order to . aomlOnB; why tfini' ditoacd should end in Jiarm«ny f tbtfr «haoa resmtl In order, their tortaneukinss ;prodiue aOapca ttao, their owfmslon tsrhdniito tn Uw, theta m^bewl^aeaintoi^t^aAdja, be animated fete lffeTsJi«4h«?slssj«Uonfc«, into mind ana IfcovgU^Me^asstts?s^KVi Men Wt wunsraredty fc-inoaett srtjri. mentbt as well as by ttisimsthwipoet. It U stfcaage iadead that.an ernfrjniHSitst ssirsrlst shouUabandon the safegtounSc*observation ud Inouotien to 'prolo.^l* v^ b?«*sis adress the bouudary ot exfrrimrt^i>ytfspc%' Sdgue^sbTthteUln^sM^^^S* andpstnaeyof every farm and, quality of Mi' vTe vkotureio «nape*t Oat Jfeeintalel rwJJch aisx iMtfsaadTisiaU of the Usnsl^.of [process Hs the orystaUUatisn ot salt, tit) obstruction of the eye, and the oomposl. tion of the Iliad, labors unisr some hal ltdnation. Again, the theory ** the development of organisms through the In fluenee of their 'environment'was lurt unknown te the witty comic poet of Athens. HetUl ebles the a«tural phflosophy of the day In Cbs person of Soora^sTtoSLg the dnllsat of dupib thst intelligence and'., airy ••peoutatiooV wen theiesuU of inttmkto osg. verse with the •cloudi.'das?Wiflingfortht pur ifthey would stiU MetfAfhelntollksntaiul educated elasses, to obtOs! st fafrttsast Into these theories of the present time, tfU/be only to judge and point but to others bow far experi mental knowledge has really advanced, asd what assertions are •3>prove4orpuryb?tt|iroved. To find out Oo& to perfection iaroufh tiie T. «■*• —• *g IHmmJtlm Bii m- ilssVt JtW asaMsMsaL •tuu of hatoii?i atMs^Qinc *bb ikb* •? *■■*■**• tion, will still be found impaasWe. God win •tfllbe.the unknown Oad;?«a«aan wfll tnd Ino «nd in wandering masss to*.'.BJU iight, in eonoludoD, to state that' the p^ •ophsr whose conception ot I*WMf«; basbeen quoted above, has sbwadmfasdttat Jn^oleaWrjeriodsof«sla*a?s«taJ?aw4?gs the ooasmnunss Oat. theTeTnust be in tte uni l^to^tt?^Mgb^^srayMWyyi. sviriar^iSSfc ttesstns fflseonne*HMMah ilao affirms'-th«r?^ai«-such things srOran Into ihyskialand aioi?a r ili?ittajB,J«ote^flrf«i: tSeraii Jso OM Tdeto|set t^k_!WmM? be ettUast dawn^of btatcr/^nniffjltfiMtrsJT; nthereHglO?Sof the woMd.' ' i- ;■> .{ ,"j "Him, then, that '.tba^swtbw.is^arMte worshipped' rroafeeiiaawo*eain~^s*ax*OM "f th^mrture,' the In the bosom of the tfafter/did by^wtaiary ?holoe,aswanMiMtarsl IpeamaUom, osoars. ftefaettiutanthenUgbosofthewssUnn* issorpoated the tim* a Divine adagiS •otJb^Sw fast tin* all the root laS-sf OAT'nMl^imM?X Idea of • *&&* '^Imlgny,' a'.Heavenly Vafber,* am ss nmm' taUof«xperlsaee si any opsecvaliihysii—a" D^ureTTleXgy.^eVefore, aaTr^S div« a seuatifiA. basis M «^.«i«Wj?i*f the material uniyarse. I shall ~ady BH^tbaf whi'e natural sdenoe pushed beyond |ts hgjti mate sphere may deteriorate the perception ■ml fnnatian* ot moral raiMl it b neossfinr that modern education should embnea toe study: to anaMe through generally diffused in forsmatton- tike poMlo nind to judge how far thwkrJ** of materialistic «ausataon*are bone out by • jMt menliatio? «f ftrts, ammtely observed and faithfully reoordad. Far happier, far.Mter for aia It the batief that in God, •wellve, and, mora, aad have oar being,* and that though the whole creation groaneth end travalleth 1* pabL' being made <aub]aot to twIW yet tkatlt ims? eventually be *de- Uvtjrad fr?m the bondage of corrnptiaa unto the glorious liberty of the ohlldren of God.'" aPPKfMX. Jutttn Martyr's description of the Primitive Ohrittfaa' eeirlee bn the Lord's Day and of Holy Oonmumten :— "a 85. When we have finished oat prayers we salute em.another with a kiss: after whioh there U brought to that one of the brethren who presides bread and aoupof wiae mixed with water; and ke, having rsoeived them, gives praise and glory to the Father of all things through the same of the Son and ef the Holy Spirit, a?d<glves thanks In many words for that God hath vouchsafed to them these things. And when. he. hath finished bis praises and thanksgiving all the people who are present express their assent, saying 'Amen,' whioh in the Hebrew tongue Implies 'So be it' The President having given thanks, and the peopia having expressed their assent, those whom we e*a Deacons gtre to each of those that are present a portion of the bread which hath been bleieed, and of the wino mixed with water, and carry tome away for those who are absent, c 86. And this food is called by us the Buoharist, of which no one may par take uulea he balieves that what we teach is true, and is washed on the laver, which b an. printed for the forgiveness of sits and unto regeneration, aad lives in suoh a manner as Christ oammanded. For we receive .not these elements as common bread or eommsn drink; but eveti at Jesus Christ our Saviour, being made flash fay the Word of Ood, had both flash and blood tor our salvation, even so we are taught that ifa* food wUou is Messed by ihe prayefof the word which oame from Hint, by theoonvar siea of WhUh into our bodily substance our blood and flashare muriahed, it the flash and biota «f that Jam who was made flash: for the Apostles in taa Gospels tmva related that JesutJmsct«maa*Mtaeta,*u.? that having take* bntd stsdgivse lluaki Be sett' Do this t?fcsjj|M*nisjM 3?ae ; this it s>y body f and tbM?aw*lirt*an l -r:>v«gti«wi,6and gtventtifTtsgsnatd.'TwisismyM?oat'and that He distdhtjtou «u? to 4eee aliue.- OfetxiKert SwU^i, p 2f6, MB3. "*hte.—With referenee to the theory of •i?^liis—sat' developingozgantsms, see Arts topbsltsf 'The Otonda,' t.SbT^ ''do«mtns Imm outs etrepstaaee thus t '* The etotjit tf temnNwe arighty uivaities V^^Tm^mpptiikmakm, reasoning, aitlrsv^Moagermg. myett?eation, the verify. tsVgtfVtbAperapttotastmH. ♦*«■?■■—Bsal Pwteneo.—Btthnp Andrews, in bit at«a>ent against Cardinal Beilarmine, ex ptsssastfre wsrit 'Thais my body* thus: -• mVeUere ■> let* ttsa you do Ui true Pre eesjet, At t*tta mtamec of Uat Preeeuoe we •re net wsfc tumgh to define sjytMng. Pus searhni ewfflssmynoa tntaus quaaa Vos vevam; de mote tmnaw* «U tesaere deflnestus.' It may help «•«•■> •easeptlea of auoh a pretence, not grass or osrpomal, but after ? 'spirttual Bss—«r,' If we noasMer 8t Paulis being leaught up into the tMrd heaven, whetner in thTbody or out wf «ae body he knew not; yet truly present there, aad • hearing unspeakable worda,' •Whose* *issftly U tM body upon •arth." "?ot*.-Of the eSegtd supreme spiritual luWUMiOsi ofSt CwtaTw. «*V^^^iiy that he himself knew nothing of it, for he exhorts <4M«IMM' aaumgthe '•trang?tt' in Pontus, Gakstia, Oappadoeto, Asia, and Bithynla, as •bets* ttanatf an «tder.' With St John he was «ent by the Apostles to Samaria.—Acts vIB. 14. The OouneH of Jerusalem (Aett xv.), knew nothing of his supremacy. Polyoarp, lr*tm.^i*sa, BUhop* of Smyrna, LyonV sjad Oarttage,ia tbe Sod and 3rd osntaries, knew netbiag of It Gregory, first Bishop of Bsssa, A.D. €01, reprobated the title of uni vanal Bishop, aad St Leo, Bishop of Borne, A O. 459, In ais sermons IL, UL, aad on the Mating, gives this interpretation of the 'power of the keys' granted to St Peter.— Matt. xvi. 19. In him all the Apostles and aU otter chief ministers of the Church received it W« awed not sample, Own, to reject the Vatican no less than the Bull of sTtsjtfsee a lacks scriptural authority ;it tasks the witness of the Ohnreh from the htgbnia* BTj&TJKM; UnOC. At ? o'cieok the aembers ot Synod—clerical and lay—soet at the Church Offices, Leigh, atreet, for tae trsntantion of bualaess. The Bishop presided, and opened the proceedings with prayer. ISEBYSOBIXBOU. The Sfusdal- eooapaot was signed by new metsVcs, aad tbe roll made up as follows :- Bsly Trinity, Adelaide—Bev. Kichar.son Bad, B. a H«lsMs, J. & Saaders. Ohristohuroh, North Adelaide-Van. Arch deacon Marryat, M.A., F. Vkkateed, Hon. A. Blytfa, Jams. Bath. 86 Luka's, Adelalde-Bev. J. PoUitt, X. Oooke, 7. Lawrenee, S. B. Fox, J.. H. Cua. 'Sb'SMlii Adelslde-The Very Bev. Deia Bussan, Ha. John Oox Bray. W. J. FoUarto?. AidaMe-Ber. 8. Green, H. St. John's, AdeWde—-Bev. F. S. Poale. B.A^,A.M. «Bsoa. St BirthatonwwV, Korwood—Eev. W. B. Andrews, J. B. MouUea, A. Spenoa. AH datnts\ Oindmanh, St Margaret's, Woodv?fe—Kev. H. M. PoUitt, Benjamin lay lot. Bfc Andrew's, Walkerville-C. B. Yooni, F. St Matthevya, Keusington-Bev. K. Jen- Was, K. W. Meredith. jT3owelL St. GeotceV, Woodforde-Bev. A. Houner, H. D. Oruttoadea. St MtehaeTs, Mlttaam- Ser. Henry Bead, M.A.. K. Oldham. J. W.;Lewis. 8L Saviouris. Glen Osmond—Rev. W. H. Madia, O. W. Hawkes, J. H. WUes. St Mary's, Soutii road, Ohristhnroh, O'Hal- Una HSU—Ber. J. L. Sadta, 8.A., B. H. Babbage, XL J. a O'SaDoran. St PeUrtGlenalg-Bev.ThomasFlsld, M. A., & M. DeMoU, J. If. Taylor. St Stephen's, Wmuaga. St Phl?p aadSt Jaawe*, Moaglunga—Bev. B. K. Miller. St JamesV Blaklstoa, Ohrlstohureh, Mount Barker, St Thomas', Balhanuah—fUv. J. W. Oower, Jdm Forster, O. Weld. 8t Geocxe's. Gawler—Bev. Canon Coombs, W.H.Lewls.T.aJonoa. . OWattaurab, Kaamnda-W. Barlow. St MaryX Kooringa—Bev. H. Howitt, It. MaeDtrtaett. A. Barker. 8t JudeX Port Bfiot—Ber. & T. Howell, St Joha's, Mount Pleasant—"W. S. Moore. OhfhUsiur?lvOaaiWeiiuit—Bev. J. F. Hooter. St Thomas', Port Uasoln-A. J. ToUsy, B. Jesltag. OhnstermroTi, Tanka?Ha-Bev. O. W. Morse, 8.A., ■. Lovelock. AUSaIaU, Moonta-Bev. O. G. Taplin, G. W. SBUant, Thomas Svans. Holy Trialty. Brncton—Bar. J. Houghton. 8t JamesV. GHenburn-^7amet Lord. fttaaaeLOhmkfard—G. W. Byeriee. iWJdhuV. Anbura—Bev. CW. Hawkins, J. W.lOaettne. >■ ■ . . iSt Mary^s, Wallaroo-J. & Shepherdson. St Martin's, Oampballtown—H. B. Downer. Holy evangelists', Ooolwa-G. K. DeMole. St Jade*, Brighton—H. Duttoa, S. G. Pear "Holy Trinity, Lyndoeh- Bt. B. B. Webb, atTTJehmSandlaad. nHBm tSK?tnwmiy, The Hpkesj?Miaatoi *b*Bev, T. L. Field asSeporter. Ife G. W.Bawkcs as LayStere ♦ary. saaTAe B«r. S. Green at Oterioal Store. mudnosT oouhrsx The aew eleetiwi Committee vn appointed aa follows:—Daaa?avseD, Amhriesrim Warryat, Mattn. &X.; Downer, O. B. Touag, and G. W-.Hawkss. THI BXaXE OP THE DIOCEBS. The BXBBOF then read Ms report on the state oftaoDsoccsa. It was as follows :— ' "In reviewing the occurrences of the past ■I Ufa. It has been onTo? much anxious ffaougnt and labor, partly oaused by the aoeial Jtaitm nininLll II instil fHi i Isnil It ti. 'Sad psxtlrbrSiauna?ttnng of Cares, through Ae departure, thtrmnn. lTln<s«. or ''tth of sosae of the olergy. The'oareof all tbeOautshes' baa eata?ed much parsoasl Jabor, oorrespon denoe, aad soHdtnde to maintain services of vaoaat eunt as well at furnish some—though inadequate—supply of missionary visits to the aatflen in the agricultural areas and townships. Ipxaosad to give a brief aummscyof the more prOfJMUIWIr oftsltt J*^ " Material Progress.-St Alban's,Port Wakt field; AH Reteh. Moonta; «mfl at Joan's, Bt PnaTt, Port Adelaide, improved and rano^ fated; aad, 9t Bartholomew^ has been ceiled, cad A3 sittings added at an expanse of over BiQ. The parsonage, at Kensington, Tanka tta; ana Port Elliot nave'teen added to, and i uaiiis til more oommodious ; oae has been bnilt atAabuza. Tb* oathidtti U advancing gradu att> tuwatds campletitai, but liUKder to render It ntleraenitinMtlng and tMtklaMMtjuired. Aaptsssl Bg«rtuij frasn each Church In tbe fUrwsaii wrrnlil l>tl|>mstwHslly towards tnpplySng these rensWtss. Tha anaissetaral beauty of Mr. BuitatfialdVi design U now generally ad- Bitted, and the site sets off the building to the jrtttttt ■Iturrasjii; baskad as it is by the fenSy wooued dope of Morth Adelaide, aon aelauoat en tha approach to Adelaide from the ■ still Ifarn aad Western saOtoads, connecting Mertnaad South Adelaide in tiie Hue of Kin, Wtltleei tlieiit, aad vWMo from every part of tba?ainof Adelaide. It also forma an object ef Ihmiili fi tlie ITntiriln TsiV snil ntinmis ■tTisisntr fiidAed wJflilis bieiaaand tawam, 4t«a wuflAiagi (nh ttsretrl* antfiMlgat,;wll«M tte great onaneat to the cto It btobe noped that not many years wfll pass before CBMtrwfll be made by the pubHc at krgeto tte edtaoe. Anda Oa turmoil of botmett life many a spirit, it b hoped, m?j Bnd raposeaad comfort within Its- walls at it. daUiternoea.^ . _ .. _ .. "Clergy.—Passing from the material to the personal constituent* of the Ohnroh, we hare to lament with chastened sorrow the death of the Her. W. Olayfield. He was taken to his teal last September, leaving a large dlstrlet and numerous loving sotdr to lament their bereave men* ■ Though desd he yet apeaketh" to those who knew him to live as purely and love mi tenderly as he did. The Rev. L. Stanton re ceived leave of absence, and has since .resigned the charge of Kooringa. The Bev. W. Scott withdrew from the Diooese. These gtptin the" rank*, of the lioensed ministry wined, the abeenoe of the Bev. G. Dove to be felt more severely, but during hi* stay in England he did much to plead the. cause of this Diooese and interest many In its behalf. He was able to confer with several olergy, to select tbe Bev. K. T. Ash, of St. John's College, Cambridge, as Mission Chaplain, and, I trust, to induos two or more to take servtoe also in the Diooese. Several, indeed, are wasted, but they must be men of faith, piety, and energy. Hone others can encounter and overcome the difficulties of oelamsl missionary clerical life. "Vacant cures.—At the present time the Talunga mission, with Mount Pleasant, Mount Torrens, and Woodslde Churches; the Btrath albyn, including Langhone's Creek and Wel- Uugton; the Meadows, Sehunga, and Maccles field; Port Augusta, and shortly also, St. Mary V, with Ohrlstohureh, O'flalloran Hill, and Brighton, are without ingnmbent ministers, "Missionary Olergy.—The shifting of the agricultural.population to the mew Areas has necessitated a modification of the parochial inoombenoy system. The congregations, les sened in number of attendants, have been unable to keep up the stipends of their minis ten to a sarfiolent amount. The clergy in some instances were compelled to accept new charges. It was impossible, however, to leave th* older rural Churches without pastoral oare while new townships springing up in the Areas have oUtei loudly for the supply of elerioa! ministrations. This is a state of thingi likely to continue for some years while the settlement of the Areas is going on. Two courses only are open to tho Church In this emergency—{!), to ordain a lower grade «f clergy leu educated and of a lower social standard; (2), or to eall on serious-minded educated laymen as pan of the' royal priest hood'of the Christian Church to conduct eer vioes as lay readers. To person* to disposed our Liturgy, with its selected Scripture lessons, affords an immense help. Our Ohnroh Hymn- Book and a volume of plain sound sermons will enable a oencregatioo, though without an Incumbent, to acetify the bard's day. Com bined with * system of pastoral visits from * District Missionary Clergyman, who shall adi minister the Sacraments, and visit from house to house, the population of the Areas may be retained in Christian habits of worship until the growth of the township shall enable a parochial ministry to be planted In the centres vf the population. This system was eommeneed. on the death of the Bev.«W. Olayfield, at Mount Pleasant, Mount Torrens, and Weodslde. The removal of the Bev. F. 8. Pooh from Btrath albyn to St. John's, Adelaide, extended it to Strathalbyn and Langhorae'aOreek. The Bev. & T. Howell inaugurated it suooetsf dlly in the Bronghton Areas. By the settlement ef the Kev. Hartley Wnflams at Melrose, the townships of Laura, Jamestowa, Gladstone, Georgetown, and Port Pirie, will receive regular visitation at axed periods, and the aeniaesl trust willbeearried on during the interval fas; approved lay readers. At present the Talunga Mission is visited by the Kara! Dean Oaaoa Coombs, the Strathalbyn by the Bev. H. M. PoUitt " Station Missions.—The return of the Bev. Canon Dove has enabled me to reorganise the Northern Mission. Hl« well-known missionary work from Melrose to the BUnman, combined with his having refused choioe preferment la England in •order to eoatisue his work amongst us, called for tome reoogultion at my hands, I aosordiogly esllated him to the Atthdeaaoury lof Flinders, formerly so worthily Ailed by the late Anhdeaeoa Twopany. The stations for. meriy visited by Mr. Dove have gladly con tributed to meet the mission expenses. On the North-Bast the Bev. H. Howitt has aoceptably erganiwd a partial missionary visitation, which he carried on until from Ae ravages of locusts and the dryntus of the season travelling beoame impossible from want of honefeed. "Port Aujusta.—l have been much disap pointed in not having been able to obtain a suitable resident oleigyman for this important place. Meantime occasional visit* have been paid to it by various clergymen, and on the arrival of the Bev. & T. Ash I was oarefulto send him thither on a visit, and to provide the populous mining township of Moonta with additional services. A resident minister should be tattled at each as ao«n as possible. Moon | credit is due to Bev. O. <J. Taplin for his minis terial services at Moouta. " Supply of Olergy.—From the above details it is evident that more missionary clergy are needed. lamta hopes that Wr. Dave's arrange ments made with tnreeelergymen, in addition to Mr. Aab, will not fall through. Their passage money bat been provided through the liberal grants «C the Ohnreh of Sngtand Endowment Society. I mutt aot omit to acato that two visits hare been paid by the Bev. Charles stone during the lot twelvemonth to Kwgaroo bland. At Kingsoote -and American Kiver he I emulated,' and administered the ■aenmenta. He reports a favorable progress and improve ment among the children and elder population during the five years in which he his visited the island. At maSboat passage •cross Saokstairs Passage is often rough, and some times perilous. Me Morse had arranged on two occasions to visit Kdithburgh and Lower Yorke 1* Peninsula. On both unexpected hindrances arose which prevented him from accomplishing the visit. The west coast waa visited last year by the Bev. W. Holden, of Poonindla, and it Is hoped that the Bev. Canon Fan will be able to repeat his Journey to Streaky Bay during the present year. The South- Bastern DUtriot has undergone considerable changes, tending, as in other parts, to shift the population. Laoepede ( Bay and the railroad to Narraooorte have half. I emptied Robe Town. The drainage works have j gathered a considerable population on Mount Mtdrhead Flats ; and the township «f MOlloent la growing into a busy place. A railroad is projected from Mount Gambler to BtvoH Bay. An additional olergymaa should b« stationed In this district. The Bev. F. Hooter nods fall occupation in Gambterton and its neighbor hood, whfie Mr. Marshall is over-worked with the charge of Narraooorte, Penola, Kobe Town, and Laoepede Bay. '■Training of Clergy.—The increasing de mand for clergy in Bagiand through the divi sion of parish*, the buOdtng of new ohurohos, the mnltapltottion of sonkea. the axtentloa of missionary labor among tbe heafton possessions of Great Britain, tae ampler previsieu also made for tha payment both of curates aad in cumbents, have tendered it ame difficult than ever to procure fram b«ns? .%■ rnflHirtft supply of thoroughly eduaatoa 4enrj and University men. Those of adWerentetanp tire mot aooept ableia an aodve- mffided, inteOigent, «arnest popolation like ova. Infarisr mam are not wanted; snperior men oan with difficulty begot from Bngfand. W? taast, therefore, endeavor to edooata mfnlston «une\vea. "Theological Students.—ln order to en courage sariousyotrng mm to fit themselves far the ministry various plans have been devised. It is a p*rt of the foundation of St. Peter's Collegiate School, in return for the grant of £2,980 made by the Sodety for Promoting Christian Knowledge, that rooms should be provUed for four theological students. To help them In their education between 20 and 2S, the age for the Diaeonate, a pension of £50 per annum has been provided for three, who shall be approved by the Bishop. The flat ecntdl tion required Is that they should have passed the loeal Institute nTamlnation or the matrl-1 culation examination for the Melbourne Uai-' rerstty, or the examination for tbs Oivil Ser-' vice & Kngtand. Messrs. Spieer aad?tuaelT have falfilled their oonditions, and are actual. pensieners, reodving £68 par annum. Mr. Sploer is studying at the University of Mel bonme. '•Theologlnal Tutor.—ln view of training young men in theology, a* candidates for Holy Orders, I appded to the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, to aid in the endowment of such a tutorship in oanneetlon with the Cathedral. By last mail I reoetved the gratify ing intelligence that a grant of £500 had been made on otmdition that a like turn was raised in the colony. The Church Endowment Society and the Attorneys of the Society for Propaga tion of the Gospel have generoudj auisted me In this nrojeot, «ne former by a vote of £300. aadthelatterbyoseof£2oa By the outgoing mail I was abb to «■?«"« to the Society for PtnmotUg Christian Knowledge Board the fnmimo.it of the oondttion. -There will then be inverted during tie present year £1,000 for the stipend of a Theological Tutor to be appointed by the Bishop. So far, then, at human meant are eonoemnd In the prospeot of proeu<ing from time to time young men as ministers for the service, our Ohuieh is by no means hopeless. Let. us. how ever, never forget that it it not ours to inspire tbe necessary longing for the spiritual wit*. •The harvest is pientous; the laborers are few.' How is this deficiency to be supplied ? ' Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harrest that He will thrust forth laborers into tho harvest.' Then only can we hope for theological students or minister* * foil of faith ""* the Holy Ghost' "It will be seen, then, from tbe foregoing summary that the labor*, anxiety, oares, and exertions to keep the machinery of the Church at work, though with diminished numbers and Increasing demands, have not been altogether unsuooes?fttlt though far below the standard of true efficiency. There is, however, one point wbleh I view with peculiar gratification, and which wfll be satisfactory to the olergy, as U is fall of hope for the true growth of the Ohnroh. Tbe Bmmber of candidate* oonnrxaed -bom 51st March, 1874, tolrt April, 1*75. was 456. I«d -ministered the rite w 26 ehuTones, the more distant being Clare,* Kooringa, Port Lincoln, Goolwa, Moonts, GUobuzn. The total number exceeds the average of the last three yean by 126\. I have also the satisfaction of stating that the reverent demeanor of the young people and their voluntary attendance at the Lord's table afterwardt convinced me of the aoxleu and prayerful instruction which they lad re oelved at the hands of their respective clergy .." In the history of the Ohnron of England li tnls ostony during my eptoopaae ot nearly 2« yean I have often bean reminded of thai pas S BB,! 1". the Prophet Zwharfah, ch. t., "Thai tb.e lightthaU aot beelear nor dark-notdaj ■or night—but it ihall oome to pan that a< evealag-tiaeit ahaUbe light? (ZeeL xlv. 6, 7] Wit enough to cheer with hope, dark enougt to demand watchfulness onto prayer with laboi abd perseverance. . " 'Qnxr plant whUh my Father hath not planted ihaU be rooted up' is the Irreversible doom of the unfruitful fig-tree. We have bean spared hitherto; may the Dresser of the Vine. yard dig about and prume <rar Church that it may bring forth more frait. So shall it be to the praise of Hl* grate and the saving of many souls. In the meantime I am looking forward to that day when we may bring forth the top. stone ef our Cathedral 'with shoutings;' bet the building tap of the spiritual Temple should be ever the first subjeot of on thoughts, and to build in Uvely stones Into that edifice which is spiritually founded on the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus OhrUt himself being the chief somat stone." The Very Bev. the Deah moved—" That the fchaDks of Synod are doe to His Lordship the Bishop for his valuable Pastoral Address and deport, which, with the Statistical Belarus, rten complete, be printed in the Beport" He sdd he had never listened to any charge with more attention and sympathy than he had to *e one delivered that day, and he felt grateful m Almighty God that He had guided their Bishop tideal with matters which threatened ? rend the Church, in auoh an impartial spirit. Applause.) .?*^O. W. Hawkcb sesonded. He felt bashful that they had one who eonld address ftem in troublous time* as His Lordship had lone that day. (Hear, hear.) The motion was adopted. ssASDora oamaraH. This Committee reported as follows :— Assessment.—The Committee report that key «stimate the expenditure for the ensuiaf 'ear as follows: - ~, _ £248 10 0 iJIT&V; ??n?Uarttd«ri™He ««* emeximmm JMtf^udl?iuaurill^lkMUlll fixed. 2. They reeonunend that to ate this •mount the assessment this yaw be 84 per •f tting let, or where bo sitting* ate let, on the f«Pend£o?d, reckoning etct £1 as a sitting ™\\. f-™?T *??<? pniMied m table oaleulatod ~ *{? •>?;•• waw* wiU produce a mrsnue of £240 9*, 81, proposing that the provldiag for the balance of £8 OsTS. or any furtheramoont that may be occasioned by the non-payment of any assessment for by a possible exeeas in esd mats of expenditure, or by extraneoni aid. ' 'Sohednle O.—The following churches S 9 f%g* Ji_ **?***• ? 3ter Jane 30, 1876. having been in Schedule A more than 16 yean :-St. Mark*, Pen. wortham; 8t Mary's. Koortnga; Sfc Mar. Una, Oampbelltowo; St. Barnabas', Olare; at. Jade'., Port UK* -, Bt, Jenny Salisbury. They reoommeod that the following Oftorehes be placed in Sohedale O after June 80,1876 : -St. tfboma.', Port Lincoln, MA ; fit. Stvieur*., Glen Osmond, 13} • 8b Thomas', R.th. nfl .h Hi ; Ohristohuron, Kedina. being eelf- sup ??«>?«; A«l «aints? Mooata, being telf-soi*. porting. The «nly eharehei th it hare appealed bj>mg St Thomas', Baihinuah, and Christ church. Kadina, "Synodal Sxpeuses.—They are happy to state that the assessment for 1374 76 hat been saffl. moot to cover the expenditure and reduce the balance doe at the end of last year from £30 to f l3 10J" J hiell •"?«"?* «">y hare borroired from the Vacant Oorea Fond. To attain this objeot they nave obtained from the Attorney* of .f £'?- tne ■ttm of & Si- ld- •? ? Sift. They are happy to state that every Ohuroh asseised hai pud excepting Salitbory. Olergy Widow aad Orphan Fond.—The Tnuteei pnbUdied a balaaea aheet to Jane 33, 1874, in the lait report, and new publish pro* gre««. The aeoond qainquennial return will be mtde up to June 30 next. . " r«Me of OolleotioM. 4c—Ther furoiih a table shoving the amount received from eaoh ohuroh for the varioui funds, and the amounts paid a. grants4n«id of derioal Incomes: - _ Beoetod— 1873-4. 1874-5; i SynbdalMS«nment...£l4s 10 0 £190 0 0 UomeHission ... 233 11 t 789 161 0 UUdon to Heathea... 119 6 3 142 8 6 Paid— Orants-in-aid toclerl otJ lnoomes ... 661 6 628 IS 1 " A table hts been prepared, although not Intended to be printed, showing the relative amounts provided by each Church during the two yean. " Home IQsslen Fau&—They are happy to report ah increase In the collections, and to show that they have paid the grant-ln-aid «f stipends at fitfl scale. This has been effected for the first time for many years by lnorease of amounts eolleeted and by handsome eontribu* tions from Lidy Young and the Incorporated Ohuroh of Kngland Endowment Society, and also the special - sobsoriptioas received in answer to the Vicar-GeneraTs ebeular. " Hisdon to Heathen.—They are happy to call attention to the increase under this head. They regret to observe that ■one Ofaurohe*. have made no ooUeetions, although there is« coatinutd aUght Improvement la the number of Ohntehes contributing. They have divided that portion of the fund* placed at tbeirdis oration equally between the MoUn^-m mi Uoepede Bay sUistons. "itodowment of Ohurches.—Tkey report that [bo Onneahes have baen endowed this year, but I that the Incorporated Ohuroh of Sngland?n f dowment Sootety have now a sum available for that purpose. "Schedule A. — No Ohurehu hive bsen adOed to this schedule daring the year. "Stathrtlcal Betuma. — They (egret that there has been more negUgenee than ever in sending the returns, and the iniuffldeat manner in which some of them are made op; the fact is the Secretary has found It impos sible to prepare a return up to the present time. The printer pointing out the difficulty (in the way of additional expense) that would result in making out a partial return, and they think it daairabk that this matter be con sidered by Synod. '- -■ '■ POOTTHDII KATTO UJfIiTU'IUH. Mr. O. W. Bawob reported as follows on this institution:— " My numerous engagements nave prevented me from making my annual visit of inspection during the year ending March 31, 1874; I hope, however, to be able to ■pare a week before Ohristmss. I hava e vary reason to be satisfied with the aoaounts I teodve weekly, and the returns made by Massn. Holdanandlfswland. "The subject of most Interest in connection with the Mission Station during tile past year has been the ordination of Mr. B. W. Holden as Deacon in March last; it has always been my with that the Mission should be svperln. tended by a gentleman in Holy Orders. In constquenoe of the severe attack of Illness Mr. Holden suffered from last April, his medical advisers ordered rest from work and dungs of air. Two months'leave of absence have been, therefore, granted to him. He purposes visit, ingtte other otdonlas; a sum of money has been voted to fmhhvhlm to* to, "Hhsengagement«f Mr. Wm. ffiackmere as •eheoUnaster was neonssiUted from the in. ereased number of natives at the station, eansng the time at Mr. Halden to be oon tuoally oocupied with management bosineis and keeping accounts. Xhe trustees are to be aomgratulated as haviag •seared, U the pecson of Mr. Uaskmore, tteaervioet of one in^rery way qualified to dbenacae the dudes assigned to him, aad abo to nppv Mr. HoUen's daoe dnring hi* abMooa. ' "roeMission hat been visited during the year by the kera. W. H. Sharp and Samuel Green, who,aaoompanled by an 'Eleven' of the Oollege boys, played a return match at cricket with tna natives of Poonindls, whom I am ?randtosay were on this ooeaslsn the viators. I received very satisfactory amounts from both clergymen, who inspected th* sohaota and held services in the Misaton^inrah. " The Bev. Cteorge la?Uia, Saperiniendent of the Point Upjmr mf^Bon, has visited th* sta tion, and remained thara one week. HU report issogratifymgtome^dtatlaM-tttothis as an appendix, as I feel sure it will be apprwdated by aU friends of mlavlon work, o?nring as It does 1 from one who has gsinad so nmnh experience of the character and habits of oar aborigines. Mr. Taplin has lately pahlishad a v*loab|e work on i the 'History, Matiiiftrs, and Oostoms, Lan* i. guage and Mythology, of the Natives of the ■ Lakes -aad Ijower Murray.* It is a useful and ' most interesting pndnetkm. I snhsorlbafl for >i oxoopiasfor ourlnstltutian. " Appended is a paper giving the numbers : and other particulars relative to the natives 1 living at the Station :—The quantity of land . that has bean in cultivation at fooulodie up to 1 March3U 1874, 392 acres; cleared, grubhad. i' and ready for plough, 80 acres; land under crop ' with wheat in January last, 180 acres; land ; under orop for hay sair* date, 20 acres. Then 1 are 110 acres of land lying in fallow, to be sown , next year. 1 " The I?™Mng for year ending March 31, ■ 1873, was 84 per cent. I " A statement of the accounts for the paal ; year, with balance-sheet, showing a profit ol [ £510 2t, will be found «?«?~* to this report, i" In oonolusiaa, I have only to add an ex , pr^asion of entire oonfidenee in the caal, ability, I and good management in their lespastive de. . partments of the Bev. O. nw™,..^ Bar. ft, >. W. Holden, and Mr. Watts Newiand. I desire , I also to asknowleage the valuable service* ami r hearty co-operatic? of Mrs. Holden in the wot* *of the institution. 1' [ SXtOnON OOKUTTIB'a BtHOBT. i It was fesolvcd that that portion of th< i report referring to the electien of Bynodsaai for?k Luke's be eentbeok to the Committee to ; ascertain whether two of the Syaodsmen had beenretmned when not in full communion. ' TRE4BURBBS AND AUDITOBS. Ueun. H. Dutten and A. Spenoe were ap pointed Treasurers, and Messrs. H. D. Omttoa den and H. H. Thomas as Auditors, for the ensuing year. STASDnro COMHtTTEK, • The Standing Committee was appointed as follows -.-The Very Bev. the Dean, Ven. Arch deacon Marryat, Bevs. S. Green, W. B. Andrews, V. Field, H. M. Popitt, aad O. W. Morse, and Messrs. G. W. Hawkes. O. & Toung, F. Wloksteed, W. Barlow, &. D. Oruttenden, N. Oldham, A. Blyth, W. Gosse, H. K Downer, J. W. Downer, A. Spenee, G. W. SUlifant, H. Dutton, andF. Haloemb. AflSEasoaa The following Assessors were appointed : — The Daaa, Arahdeason Marryat, Canon Coombs, Bevs, H. Green, W. B. Andrews, O. W. Morse; Henrs. O. B. Toung, A. Spenoe, G. A. Connor, G. W. Silllfeut, O. H. Pearson, and G. it. DeMole. ' ■'■ ' CBDBOH AtIVOCITC , The Bishop nominated Mr. W. Barlow as Ohaick AdVeeata, and the nomination was oon firmed. BSPaEsiHTATiysa to ounaAL sreon. The representatives to General Synod were appointed as loUews: -Olergr—The Dean, the Arohdeacjn, Bev. 8. Dove. In case of emer gency— Archdeacon Dove, Bevs. J. F. Hooter and W. B. Andrews. liaymeo-rMas«rs. W. Barlow, O. B. Young, H. B. Downer. In cases of emergency—W. A. B. Wett-Bnklne, S. Haleombe, and the Hon. A. Bljth. COJOHTTEI OV APPEAL. The following gentlemen were ap Minted a Committee of Appeal j—The Kev. B. T. Howell, Mr. U. B. Dewaer. andSr. Oonf.. \- BOBB3* Of Hfftlinj. Various notices of motion were given. BSTOBTS FROM OHUBOHEB The Bishop said he had been unable to make mention of aevaral Churches in bis report an the Diooese, as the reports from them had oome in too late. coaocnr?K bepobts. It was resolved—"That the reports of ths Standing Committee, an4 MUsionary, Bduoation and Destitute Obildrea Committees be reeeived, taken as read, aad published in BeporC BAIaSOC-SHMT ABD AOOOOHTB. It wat resolved-" That the balance-theet of he Treasurers of Bynod for the year ending taster, 1875, and the progress aooount of the Trustees of the Olergy Widow aad Orphai fond, be received, adopted, and published in Beport" TKAHKS OF THK aniOD. It wat resolved—"That the thanks of Synod be given to the Attorneys mf the 8.P.Q., the Trustee ot Allen's P. A. Fond, the Trustees of th?P*oain6JeNttfvelatMtnM()n,theO?4jimtttets of the Church ot England Jtadowment. ooc-e?, the MelaneiUu Wasion; Laeepede Bay Native MisUbn, tad the DtooMan Uttaiw,: tor ittteir reports and statistical returns, and that they be received and published inthe Sopors." ASSBBSHOT FOB BTHODAL EXP«HBM. Mr. Wioksew proposed—"Atiat/the at sesament for SynMal expenieaM aiproposed by the Standing Obkuintteee ter tbe year 18r5 only." The DbaN moved aa an ameadment— " That this Synod does not agree to that por tion of the Standing Oemmittee'a report which proposes a scheme of assessment for {he en suing year, based on tae principle of rating on Sittings let". The Bev. F. S.lOOLl■eoonded. After tome discussion, the motion wat cArrieU. The Dauf then moved'—"That the woods ' maximum rate of £15 be struck out of the olaute, referring to tab matter in the Banding Oom-nittee's report" Carried. Mr. Pbabsos moved, and Mr.DorrON seoended—" That the assessment oh Bt Jude's, Brighton, be reduced ? what, it .was last year." The jnoion was negatived. Btpoaroraor sthod. It was rewlved, on tbe motion of Mr. F. WiOKSTKD, that Bev. F. Si Poole, Messrs. G. W. Hawkes, aad A. Spenee, be a oom mlttee to edit the Beport ef Synod, ani that it be an Instruction to th«m to Inour as likOe expense as possible. chbboh p*opmrr. Mr. F. WieKBCRO asked leave to bring in a measure providing "That in the ease of Churches seeking to tend fieproseatatives to Synod, the land whereon the ohuroh stands being under the provisions of the Beat Property Act, it ahaU be absolutely neoetsary that the •oertifioate of. title ba In the name of' The Synod of the Ohirch of Buglahd in the Diocese of Adelaide, Ineorporated."* Leave granted, and the Synod, in Committee, proceeded to consider the measure. The Kev. O. W. Mobsk thought this measure might press hardly on churches recently . purchased! which were vested in trustees. MrT5 B. Ltovjmt/pdaied #ut tUf tajs.coald'not apply in such cases, as trusts were not recog nised by the Beat PropertyTbVoL The Rev. Canon Fabb pointed out that it -had been a .similar Qase'With *onhtry Yovtlttites, and the Government had beeaohUgedtobHagina?Ul to meet the case. The resolution was carried, and the report of the Committee was adopted. AHJWtiHOETO OWIBQHtB. ! . Mr. Wiokctckd moved—'.'That thechnrbhes as neammended by Standing Committee be placed in Schedule C, after June 30." Pro tests against this motion were received bom St Saviour's, Glen Osmond, and St Thomas's, : Balhannsli. The fotmerpratest was submitted on motion of Mr. G. W. Hawccs. but wat negatived; the latter ona was, however, agreed to. The Bev. O. G. Tapuh alto protest*!, with success, against the grant being'with drawn from tbe Kadina aad Mo?s.ta Churches. CDUOATION. The Bev. A; Honi? movid^-'That the . soheme propounded tarcaafohnatioafof a Board 'of fiVduoatiou in eonneotion with tbe Church of England, --s* «rawh up by a late Committee, be ' adopted, aad that a Committee be now ap. pointed to make the necessary arrangements for the eetrylng out of ihe scheme." Or. Gossl moved the previous quatUon. -as, he eoatldared it Was'a matter which' oould well ne delayed; The Bev. J. HooaftTOH aseondtdtiie-itrevctai question. The motion wat subsequently with . drawn. ■' . * - • ■ • ■ •' • * • : OaPHAN OHILDItnC. The Bev. A. Hobhkb moved a resolution to the efl\?t that the Chairman of the Dasti tuto Bwrd should 1? requested to give in a report to Hit Lordship every half-year U to the welfare of destitu'e children belong ing to the Church of fcngl-^J and that should the request t? refused, « petition be tent to the House of Assembly, asking that such a return should be issued. He oontlderea OU question was of aaoob mow imporUioe thsAthe.Synod seemed to oonslder it, aad he. was aetermined to press the matter. The Bet. 8, G*xu swuded. : fflsJtoapapiP. read oot respondenoe which had passeft on the sublet, in whioh the Ohalrmad of the Board oSorad to give a list of Ohnreh, of ""gland ehildna iu the institution to him,' and toaUow the dergy raea to xecommand -hornet toe tne #jiM~n.r t he DiAH expressed JOmself perfeotly satisfied with the aoOoa of «he Detfitato Btardwav though he had at first been rather suspicions of them. The Bev. A. HotfWk was 'pt?ated to hear all taat bad bean aaU, but nothing 'would shake, his, oonvlotian that the boarding-oat system wat not 'the beet for this odlony, 'at lie considered It affair to the children. The Motion was |ost . . . XOONT*. ASB MAITLAKD PABISH. ' The Her. & Gam proved—"That AU Saints', Moonta, and St John's, M.^nd, be formea into a united parish, aad 'that -the Archdeacon, Bev. & Green, and air. T, Evans be a Committee to define the boundaries of each part/ and .atoommanf. the .same ca the Synod for adoption so toon as the necessary conditions are oomplied with.** -Carried. The S/nol then aljoonwd till * o'clock next *! :^'^:i,■-'.::■■ .;■'.,„ SeoraUry'. Salary £16] 0 0 Pnny-S 60 0 0 ET^S 1 16 0 0 Advertisement* 10 0 0 Snadriei (gag, hire of ehain. exchange, atationery, to.) .„ 10 0 0 £236 0 0 Amount borrowed from TMant Ourai 1874-75 13 10 0 