-»M— — ? — ?— M— ?— i ??!?? i.i— ??? i. i I ? -??———. i.—i ? ??? ? -.-.. ? ? THANATOS. (This poem was written by Joseph Brennan, in 1853\. The foreshadowing of his early death was frequently as vividly before him, even in hours of festive mirth, as when he wrote these remarkable lines :] Ho Father Death ! I know your grin, This dark and dreary morning, And you can't catch me napping, sir— I had a witch's warning ! Who took the red blood from my lungs— A drop for every minute — And showed my gloomy destiny, My church-yard future in it; For, every tiny globule shone A clear though crimson mirror, And in its darkest depths displayed A tragedy of terror. The tale is plain before me still, And yet no muscle flinches ; First act, I'm sick ; the next, I'm worse : The third, I die by inches. And yet, though you are monarch, sir, From Hudson to the Ganges, And all creation quakes to hear The crack of your phalanges, I laugh at you— your crazy joints And fleshless ribs-and mock at Your brows, which arch no lightsome eye, But frown above a socket; Your noseless front and hairless scalp, Your sand-glass and your spear-head, Your maelstrom mouth, which opens wide From ear to ear, your queer head— I'd laugh at you' old Bag-o' -Bones, Though my own dirge were swellings (Ding! Dong!) I hear you answer; sir, the bell I' the chapel yard is knelling ! I did need not that iron tongue To tell me of the palace, Six feet by two, where I must jogg. Companions stark and callous ; For, gathering, come the many sights And sounds Apocalyptic, Which open to the dying man Their meanings dark and cryptic ; The shadows gliding down the streets Are lengthening in the gloaming— A mystic voice, a ghost of sound, From house to house is roaming — A voice of female agony, A sound of dole and sorrow — The Banshee of my mother's race — The fate of Clan M'Caura ! It thrills the air, the crooning chant Of this unearthly mourner, And calls me like the mystic hern Which nightly haunted Korner ; It tells me that the cloud of doom Is thickening darkly o'er me ; It bids me note the blackened sky, Unlit by gold or azure ; The jagged clouds of which appear A dungeon keep's embrasure : It summons me from loving friends To cheerless church-yard people. (Ding! Dong!) Marie ! how strange and solemn sounds The bell i' the chapel steeple ! Withal, old Father Marrowbones, It is a grievous fiat That poisons veins in which the blood Of youth is running riot— Which lays on us its heavy hand, Its clutch so cold and crushing, Before the hopes of early youth Have ceased their brilliant flushing : And metes out on the Pigah height, The destiny of Moses, That we may see, nor tread the land Of honey and of roses I'd give you for each day's respite, A supplemental stanza. And barter for a month of life A rhymed extravaganza : I'd fling a robe of metaphor Around your white and thin bones And cover up with similes Your scurvy looking shin-bones ; I'd make your mouth the nest of love, The aim of maiden kiesses ; Your breath a spicy essence, and Your breast a throne of blisses. But all is vain ; you will not hear— You turn away in passion ; I cannot tempt you from your goal By friendship or by fashion. You frown — you strike — I feel the dart, So sudden, sharp and stinging. (Ding ! Dong ! Dong !) Marie ! farewell ; farewell, Marie ! The bell has ceased its ringing ! 