IMS DON VIORKESPOKBENCE. MR. STAC POOLE'S motion, in the ITonse of Commons, Willi reference to the desira bility of dm Qnrai ti&viuf;* » permanent resit) wee in Ireiaud though it was not preyed toa division, bad tho «ffwt of nlieitii)'ra deli.n!n, wLicb exhi bited boho satisfactory fiioinouls. Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Uutt» Mid other Irish members, wh# took part iu thedebito,6liared (ho feeling of the House that, in order to produce beneficial results, it was ticcismry tliat the Queen Hliould by a spontaneous act, without auy iuterforouce of Parliament, ina.ke clioice of somo district of Ireland a» the seat of a now Royal residence. In giving utterabte to their viowa on thegnbjeci, these hoinurable members not onlv evinced tbeir own cordial lovalty, but emphatically declared that simitar Bentiinenis animated the great body of the people of Ireland. The Premier, who took occasion to compliment Mr. Sullivati on the tone of his speech, tf&ted; that both his own Government aud that of JUr. Gladstone liad given the consideration its importance demanded to the subject under debate, and that therefore more harm than good was likely to be done if a division took place on Mr. Stajpoole's ill-advised motiou. It is quite certain that the result of a division, rejecting the motion by s large majority, vreuld have been misunderstood both in Ireland and on the Oontineut, and there is ground tberefire for thankfulness that the member wlio brought the matter uader the notice of the House of Commons acted upon the Premier's advice. The debate itcolf, though tiie notion which originated it did not meet the approval of the Jlouse, was eminently sat isfactory on acouat of its giving Irish members M opportunity of testifying to the wide-spread «nd deep-sealed loyalty of their countrymen. Though the report, that the Duke of Uonnaught had purchase! an e6tato in Ireland is contradicted, there is reason to believe, from some ol tne re mark < dropped by Mr. Disraeli, that Ireland will one day bare her loyal feelings gratified fcy posiossiug 9 Balmoral of lior own situated Among scenery a? delightful as that of Deeside, Mr Henry Irvin; lias achieved the remarkable feat of Buit&iuiu; the public interest in his unique representation of Samlet tat the long period of two hundred nights. It is marvellous that the actor, considering the conscientious thorowflvneiM with which he continued to play his difficult part till the Ghost ceased to beckon ldm along the boards of the Lyceum, could bear Week after week the nightly strain on his intellec tual and physical energies involved in tlie repre sentation of Hamlet the Dane. One of the best testimonies to the actor's power has been the .Slent absorbed atfcentiveness of the andiences in all parte of the theatre. 1 here was a dis pootion to ory " Bush!" when tome fine piece of acting, In a thrilling scene, called forth .tund-clapplngs, as if it were felt that the sound *t acclamations, howerer well deserved, inter fered with the proper effect of the play. The boat enthusiastic students ef Shakespeare, after giving watchful heed to Mr. Irving, could hardly Avoid coming to the conclusion that it wai the tafcjb " presentment" of Hamlet they had «ver wen on the stage, and that it seemed vividly ts realise the conception of the character, as visiened in "the mind's eye" of the great dramatist. It is a frequent practise of aotors to represent Hamlet as really mad, with no method in hb madness; but Afr. Irving, traer In insight, loakes the Prince appear to bo only feigning insanity, as he drops the mask on occa sions when simulation is not requited to bide his «Mret purpose-the carrying out of tha cotn tolsa&on; of revenge he had received from Ills '.mardered father's ghost. One of these o« ca tions, deserving special remark, is when Sandd gives instructions respecting the manner In which lie desires to Me the play, Containing allusions to the foul mqrder, per ,formed before the King, his ancle, and the IQueeii, his-mother. Tile character thus conceived -xis xwnstatafttly sustained throughout, and the Impression produced is that Mr. Jrving'a Hamltt can lie no other than Bhtkespeartrs Samld. The irreeolotenessof Uie Prince, which 'Allowed opportunities to elip past, and which Ittpt tbe perturbed spirit of his father still . walking t£e earth, fa made strikingly mani ' "fest by that " dragging uncertainty of gait" ^rhtah some critics nave ridiosled, nut whioh ia eioeUei tly well conceived. The writer in the KohUtcluc Zeilung, whose admirable criticism on the performance was quoted in the Timet, drew medal attention to the scene with Ophelia, mrich he considered the culminating point of the whole representation. Referring to the efforts of other actors in the, samo sceno, he said, "Whoeverhas heard the »ging uflSTmen, how they bawl to the girl, 'flo to a nunnery!' the cynics who throw bitter scorn /into the order,, will not easily forget Mr. Irriog's tones of love blended inth kjwfiniie aorraw." .This is quite true, and finds 'his reward for his profound ,^riin^£4il||]teap6ate's greatest creation in (he t 'aolighbened Appreciation of Us performance by . .ihe Most competent judges. It may be con fidently anticipated that his suoceas in the pro finefts will a*s'«m the reputation he has ganod in tiie metropglis. I*st week the "Wan of the Rose»" .were TBgnmeS. A.t t.fae Alexandra Palace there was rose-show, which was pronouneed to bo ? the finest ever seen in this country; and on Batarda; -ttiere was held at the Crystal Palaee A rivtl Irnse slioiv, which was, in its tbtOj^sharaelerised as "the largest in quantity, the finest in «jnalHy, and the most remarkable "tat v»riety that lias been witnessed Cor many years." uateai of trying toadj udieate between thadaimaot the two shows to jwe-eminenee, the Wast thine will (» to s«y that both were best. Two great rose-shows in one week was rather an .anbarroi&x; richemet m oegard* the public, bat la the matter of flavors the palaoee cwnot avoid .coming 4ntoopsn rivalry, u the management are under the jiooessitjr of firing the shows for the time when tha resplendent aad awoetl j-scented 4>looma ere atitheir iv<st. The shows, crowing in maguitade erety yew, aro evidently hiving a bene i feUleffuetin prometiiig t heajvaooeof the science S »rf floric»ll;ur«, The splendid cpecieujns eiUi ' fcitedfcyskilled narstrymen crests n feeling of ' '^notation among alnatenr fioruts, and thos all <Uu« derive a jstimidus from these periodical *howaof rotas ant other choiee flowers. D. G. A. Horoaiows Ckirmtbe.-jL notorlou* Jhoilw, turned Franeia Tborataaa, m ohirged baton the fitting ne«iatratea at Wolverhampton With viofcmt ooudact. The Chief Constable etatad 4httt» prisoner hat baan thers twenty-eight tiraas Mom, (or all aorta of offenoea, and had ^cen con ttnaasd to de »th on on* occasion, bnttho punieh moat una eommaiod to penal aarvitnde. He had adao been aentanoed to twelve months by the Be oordar. H» wu no* aeat to prison for tiro months bard labour. The 8tf ePiJlELDCLAtHANT MAGNA Oharta AMOctlTlOH.-The Sheffield Tiohborne and Magna Chart* AaauoUtion has taken np the cause of a looal tilllmant to some property. A man named Thomas Oldals lara olalm to a Urge estate in the neighbour, bood, mod . few weeV« ft?o the president and some of til* members took possession of itin his bobaJf. On Honda; mnniing: th^y (Miterprl a portion of the rstate, which now belongs to 13 irl F 'taillUm, cat the grass iaa field, and removed it to Sheffield. I» THW aKoui.o a»*T j'ii» Jin a any ove taMMsd witl in *?><! stomach, muni" enoB,or muoiif. , Mice Pa?* ,*Tnotloo"ft'f' w;ni nil*. Tiiojr worM**)V<> MtoBiyproTOlhcKi'if -s^'riirvnu'rit Tonic, Jn*iKvn,r bp t *fe(l pnn£jnti<> iV- form vu-. »< !b'- LmjS* re&iwiifv; ..juiut . i OC«Uv<adot^at i*. r»..v, . a.. <rof<' v >> I t ;'<,r fIB^miwfitr** D. vV »a'1«!j> t SL N !«1. I 