MISCELL4NK0 US. The Advertiser says:—" It was stated in Maryborough, that a child, returning to-JTalbot from the Geejong picnic, was found smothered in one of the carriages on arriving at the Talbot station. A large number of eels were observed in the Yarra just below the Falls-bridge. They had every appearance of having been poisoned by something deleterious in the water, as they all headed for the banks and tried to escape from the river. A crowd was speedily collected, and the eels only changed their fate by trying to avoidlt, for they were captured by dozens, and carried away by men, women, and children, bent on having a savory meal. It was surmised that the cause of this unusual occurrence was the discharge of some poisonous matter into the river. In the spring of this year a young married woman, residing in North Peckham, dreamt that she would die on the first anniversary of her wedding day. To her husband and to her relatives she mentioned her strange dream on several occasions, and it seemed to prey upon her mind. At last the dreaded day came; and so impressed was she that it would prove her last upon earth that she actually made a present to one of her friends of a sum of money wherewith to purchase mourning. Strange to say, before midnight arrived the poor woman was a corpse. It may be mentioned-that she had given birth to a child, which is living and well, 11 days previously. The subject of cremation has been dis cussed by a Victorian Debating Club. On j a division being taken, 13 persons were found in favor, and 14 against it. The phylloxera, it is stated, has appeared in Madeira, the export of wine from which, principally to England, the United States, and Russia, amounts in value Lto £60,000 annually. Many sheep m the Booboorowie district are now affected with an eye disease, which j in some instances makes them totally blind j for a week or two, and then they recover, j The Hamilton correspondent of the i Kapunda Herald, writing on 1st March, j says :—" Several farmers in this locality have lost several head of cattle, principally young stock, by a very singular complaint or disease. Some particular part of the body at first shows every symptom of cramp. This spreads rapidly, the animal showing signs of great pain, and frothing at the nose. All that were attacked died, and immedia tely after death in each case the body felt as if the hide was inflated with air bubbles, a crackling nose being heard on pressing the part. Within 24 hours the blood was seen j oozing through the skin in drops, and in some cases all the hair came off in the hand. On making an incision into the part first affected it was found to be quite j black. It is thought that these symptoms i are similar to those shown in the dreaded j disease called 'blackleg.'" I A correspondent writes to the Register;— j " It is not very often that the nocturnal | quiet of the Bay is startled out of its pro- j priety by any of those bright specimens of J incipient manhood, who, ' being full of j supper and distempering draughts,' play fully expend their surplus vivacity in wailli- j ing peaceful citizens during the small hours, j Sunday, however, was an exception. About 2 o'clock in the morning a four-wheeled ! trap, loaded to its utmost capacity with j half-drunken larrikins, drove down to the j beach, and in front of the Hon. T. Elder's j house the disreputable crew descended, i rolling out,a disgusting torrent of mingled J blasphemy and obscenity, which might have ! been heard with ease on board the ocean I steamer as she lay in the offing, and when appealed to by Constable Allchurch to cease j tiie hideous disturbance they began to ap- j propriate some of the choicest selections of their vocabulary for his special benefit- Re monstrance being in vain, the -policeman' collared one of the worst of the mob, and placed him- in-durance vile, the rest follow ing up their comrade on his way to the cells, but on the constable reappearing as if to malfe a second capture, the gallant youths thought discretion the better part of valor, and beat a hasty retreat, driving back to Adelaide with all convenient speed," \- Suppose,, uoder our present system, -50 sections are surveyed1 and for sale—25 farmers each select the best; at auction' they compete for say 10 sections; no one' having chosen the poorer portions, 40 sec-, iions are left to be taken up and dummied at upset price. The competed lots get run up to £5 or £6 an acre, ou credit, by men who are tired out in. the effort to securo a holding, and after taking a -few crops may possibly skedaddle - without paying* .the balance. The capitalist takes- it -up -at his leisure; and posterity will pay ;hiui- a fair rental, which wise legislation .mightyso- fSr as unsold lands go, secure for the State by leasing instead of aelling.—Comei. A correspondent of a Oalifornian con temporary writesThe. following .rather tough bear story was told in my hearing by an old settler in. Russian River Valley. I give it as I got it' You talk about bears! Why, when l firefe came to Rooshan River, bears were Btenti&r; than cattle is now, and they was a Mttle bit the smartest bears that I or anybody else ever seed. Why, do you ■ know,, there was a neighbor of mine who had a fine field of corn, and he also had a fine lot of hogs. In the fall, when the corn began to get ripe, the bears would come into the field and make awful work among the corn; they were' Jest litefaily cleanin'it out, and the hogs was a disappearin' too, and the old fellow couldn't find where the bears, had killed any of the hogiy abet-be was clean beat out. At hist,- when all of his hogs and a good deal of his corn had disappeared, he thought it was about time to investigate. So he started out. After hunting around for some time he found a trail leading off from the cofai field in the direction of a patch of timber about three miles away, lie followed the trail, and when he got to the timber he discovered his hogs nicely enclosed in a pen, and the bears was a packin' the corn out here, and feedin' it to the hogs, fattenm1 them for their own eatin* for their winter meat.'" An Irish ghost has generally something to do with the banshee, or death Warner, but a supernatural incident which is said to have occurred in the wilds of Kerry the other day i3 sufficiently thrilling, although the ; apparition concerned had no hereditary standing. - It seems that a woman residing1 in-Glenflesk received a call from the spirit of her husband, "a man of the farming class, dressed in a shroud and white stock ings and gloves." The farmer in white gloves, stated that since his death, some months back, although he ought to be in heaven, he was detained elsewhere on account of owing a sum of £15 to a friend of his, and he begged of his wife to give him the money. . The woman in full faith handed him £10, and promised to bring him the rest in a few" days if he came for it. Meanwhile she went and told the priest the circumstances of the case, and this gentle man acted very differently from the clerical monitor of Micky Free, who may be rememueraa Dy tne readers or " unariea O'Malley." When the ghost in complete burial costume arrived for the bank note, he was at once received by a couple of police, and proved, as ghosts do in our day, to be a mere pietender, playing a part, who will have to answer for his misconduct before a magistrate. There was a touch of real dramatic cunning in the fashion in which this rogue tried to impose on the simple ■ widow, The shroud, the stockings, and, above all, the gloves, were at once recognised by +be poor woman as the most fitting garments for her husband, as they were the last in which she had ever seen him. If he had presented himself in the more questionable guise of a flannel jacket and corduroys she might have wondered how he contrived to procure a change of* working clothes. Here is a hint for spiritualists who have some difficulty in reconciling concrete flounces with ghostly phantoms. The Glenflesk ghost has not solved the problem, but his rigid adherence to charnel properties ought to be a lesson j to those who represent spirits in shooting] coats or walking dresses. Russian papers complain that their winter sowings are beginning to be devastated by a newly-discovered insect, a worm of the green color of grass, which covers the fields in myriads, and, not content with eating up the blade, follows the stem underground and devours the root, so that actually noth ing remains of the whole crop. The worm has first made its appearance near No vochoperska, in the government of Voro nesch, but the plague is spreading, and neither the farmers nor the authorities know how to meet it. The authorities have, however, given stringent orders to prevent it from spreading f urther, if possible. Even the intense cold of the last few weeks has caused no interruption or abatement in the j ravages of the worm, which the tempera- i ture does not seem to affect in the slightest I degree. j A capital joke is current respecting one of the "Yorke's Peninsula newspapers and a! I candidate who was very low on the poll at I the recent Wallaroo election. The day after one of the great meetings the paper in question came out with a leading article, in [ which it spoke of aspirant* for Parliament \- ary honors as following each other in their speeches with a string of iterations, each one repeating with almost poll-parrot imi tativeness the utterances of the others, and all displaying the most perfect ignorance or unconcern about local topics, which they scarcely deigned to mention. The candidate I am referring to thereupon waited upon one of the proprietors of the journal, and com plained of the leader as grossly unfair, "for,"said he, "I devoted 25 minutes of my address entirely to local matters." j " Well," was the reply, " you cannot expect us to manage as the Adelaide papers do. We are very shorthanded; we have a small reporting staff, and a small staff in the office, so that leader had to be set up before the meeting took plaq^." I give this yarn as I received it, and hope no one will try to spoil so good a story^jy going into particu lars, or exploding . it altogether.— " Yabber" in Chronicle. A singular freak of nature has been shown, says the Aj'arat Advertiser, since the late frog shower on Commissioner's Hill, in the shape of a triplicate frog, with j only one body and three sets of legs posed i round an equilinear triangle. If the animal were vertebrate there would be only one backbone to the three sets of legs, which, under present circumstances, show a won derful power of inviarably coming down on their feet. Unfortunately, the reptile has been placed in spirits before further obser vation of its singular triune life could be taken. As a dead reptile it will be regarded as a mere Zmshs natures; but, as a real live frog its movements might" have been ob served with advantage to science. 