A DOCTOR'S STORY. (From the Australian Journal). I am a doctor, and live in an unfashion- able part of Sydney because I find it a better place for a young physician's prac- tice than the more foahionabie streets. \- ^ffii word *' doctor' is a talisman forpoor ' ' m&a;, '? They do not wait to ask, ' What 1 ' ' 'fflpUtetion bob he t' They hurry to the ' .' ' aainat aim. Besides. Door people are ,', V OTenerflljoftener break their limbs, and have more sick children at a time than those who are better off. My patients were little shopkeepers, poor mechanics, laborers, and even beggars. The latter, of course, paid me nothing, though they showered blessings on me by the bushel. The poorer they were the oftener they sent for me, and on the smallest pre- tences. I had been in my present office two years, and had never had a patient from the more aristocratic circles, when one night about half-past 111 was startled by a violent ring at my bell, and having just composed myself for a nap, after a hard day's work, I cannot say the summons was agreeable. However, I ran to my window at once, and thrusting my head out into the rain, cried: 'Who is there?' A voice answered : 'Only I, doctor. It's an urgent case. Please come down to the door. The tone of the answer surprised me. The form 'only I' was still more aston- ishing, for grammar was not a favorite accomplishment in that neighborhood. That a lady spoke I felt sure - a lady of education and refinement. I hurried down stairs and opened the door. There stood, in the full light of the hall-lamp, an elderly lady dressed in mourning. Her face, though wrinkled, was very fine in feature. Her hair was arranged, in elegant puffs under a hand- some bonnet. She put out the smallest of hands in a fine black kid glove, and said piteously : ' Are you the doctor?' 'Yes," said. ''Then come with me,' said she. 'Don't delay. It's life or death. Come.' I hurried on my over-coat, caught up my umbrella, and offering my arm to the old lady, walked down the street with her. 'You must be my guide, niadatn,' I said. 'I do not know where you live.' She instantly gave me a street and number tbat surprised me still mure, It was the most aristocratic quarter of the city. *' Who is ill, madam,' I inquired— ' a grown person or a child V ' A young lady— my daughter,' said ahe. ' Suddenly 1' ' Yes, suddenly,' she answered. ' Do you keep a gig 1 You should have had it out if Vou do. We would have been able to go fast.' 'I keep no conveyance,' I said. ' Perhaps you are poor I' said she eagerly. ' Certainly not rich,' I said. 'Cure her, and I'll make you rich,' she said, in a sort of suppressed shriek— 'cure her, and I'll give you anything you ask. I don't care for money, I'm rolling in gold. Cure her, and I'll shower it on you. 'You are excited, madam,' I said. ' Pray be calm.' 'Calm!' she said — 'calm! but you don't know a mother's heart.' We had reached the street she had indicated, and were at the door of its finest mansions. The old lady ascended the steps, and opened the door with a latch- key. A low light burnt in the hall ; another in one of the three parlors, the furniture of which was draped and shrouded in white linen. 'Wait here, sir, if you please,' she said, as she led me into one of these. ' I'll see if my daughter is prepared for your visit.' And with a sweeping courtesy she glided away, and I heard her garments rustle up the stairs in a ghostly sort of fashion. Doctors are not used to be kept wait- ing long. I waited what I thought a most unreasonable time in those gloomy parlors. I began to grow a little nervous, and to wonder what it all meant, when a step, very different to the old lady's, was heard upon the stairs, and a stout, short, red-faced woman bustled into the parlor. ' I beg your pardon, sir,' she said in a singular tone, such as one who had com- mitted a speech to memory might use ; ' but my lady, the lady who brought you, is very nervous, and was needlessly alarmed. She begs your acceptance of the customary fee, and there is no need of your services.' Thus speaking, she handed me a sove- reign, courtesied, aud opened the door for me. I bowed, expressed my pleasure that the patient was better, and departed. It was a queer sort of adventure, but lather amusing than otherwise ; besides, X bad my fee. £ went home and slept conndly. £ arose early next morning, and made a visit before breakfast Returning, to my astonishment I found sitting in my office the lady of the night before. She aroBe as I entered. 'What must you think of me 1' she 'said. ' But uo matter. My daughter is very dear to me, and I have beard of your \'akuL She is worse again. .Can yon call '.some time to- day, as early as possible, at jnyhojiset' , . f 1 will ,be there in an hour,' I said. The old lady took out her puree. 'I am an Englishwoman,' she said. I retain English habits. In my day the doctor recieved his fee on the spot. It was in ordinary cases a guinea. Will you recieve it now?' , A did not know what to say, but she \- c, Jkid-thto money on the table and departed. ''- ijtemy breakfast and, bavJDg spruced / ^^fi^fficarefully, inade toy way to the ?'' r'WfttlW^ bouse. I rang the belL Tbe *'', fSw^^pBnM by thestoirt female who !(-MR4Mj^ toe *he night before. ?- 'ijvaaJ J^Vwwfoetotf' i«i* *yway of erplan v M £ ^iSh-V Wd she, 'Has missus called ! r «MiiitJunin1' ' & ^IsiWiMwerBd. ? \- l j^&}tf$0jSfol6ffo'ieed)t«ssUre you, sir,' ?r AwJt^-^h^HHll '**£ *an't te&Uy; ask you in. weeks passed by, when, lo I the old lady appeared again. She wanted into my parlor, dressed as before, as greatly agitated, as carefully polite. 'Sir,' she said, 'again I trouble you. My poor, poor daughter 1 Come at once.' 'Madam,' I answered, 'it is a phy sician's duty, as it should be his pleasure, to obey such calls, but you are aware that I have been sent from your door twice without Beeing the patient 1 Allow me to ask you a question. Are you the mis tress of the house ?' 'Heaven knows I am,' said the old l;tdy. 'I have lived there for forty years. I own it. I am the only person under that roof who has the right to give an order,' ' And the person tbat sent me away t't ' My old servant Margaret.' ' Did she do it at your order ?' ' No, sir ; it was a piece of presump- tion. But Margaret means well. She loves us.' 'Then, madam, if I accompany you, I shall see the patient )' ' Assuredly, sir.' I put on my hat again, and we went out of the house together. We exchanged very few words as we walked through the streets. At tbe door of the mansion tlie old lady pansed. ' Don't miud Margaret,' she whispered, 'she means well.' Then she ascended tbe steps. At the last one, the door was opened to us by the woman I had twice seen before. ' The doctor must see my child, Mar garet,' said tbe old lady. Margaret stepped back. ' Walk in, sir,' was all she said. The old lady beckoned me to follow her. I did so. She went up-staira and opened the first door we came to. It was an empty bed-room. She closed it with iisigli. The next room into which she led me was also empty. So were all tbe others. In effect we visited six apart ments, only one of which seemed to be regularly occupied as a sleeping apart ment ; and at the last tbe old lady turned to me with a strange glitter in her eyes. 'Stolen,' she said ; 'stolen— some- body has stolen my girl. Sir, do you know I think it must be Satan.' Tlieu a steady step crossed the hall. Margaret came iu, aud tbe old lady, burst ing into tears, suffered her to lead her away. As I made my way down-stairs Margaret rejoined inc. 'You understand it now,' she said. ' You see my mistress is not in her rigbt mind 1' 'I do, indeed,' I said. 'She had a daughter once,' said Margaret, 'and the girl— a pretty creature of sixteen— ran away with a bad man. She came back home one day and begged forgiveness ; her mother turned her from the door in a fury. It was night ; the rain and hail beat down on the poor thing, and the wind buffeted her. There is no knowing what happened to her that night ; but, next morning, she lay dead in the police-office. Her mother's address was pinned to her baby's clothing, and I they brought her home. From that awful day, sir, my mistress— wbo iu her remorse and delirium called in twenty doctors to bring her dead daughter to life —has always been doing what she has done to you. I try to keep the secret generally, but some find out, and others think odd things of us. I thought I would let you know tbe truth. If sbe contrives to come again to you, you can always promise to call, and so be rid of her. Poor soul ' she has nobody in the world but me noir. Site's punished for her hardness at any rate, and you'll excuse her conduct.' I bowed. I could say nothing. Mar garet opened the door for me, aud I walked into the fresh air. As 1 looked back ujxm the house, with all its elegauce, it seemed to me to haw a haunted air, as though tbe ghost of the poor girl still hovered about. ' God only knows how many fearful secrets such splendid homes may at times sbut iu,' I said to myself, and I turned my back upon it gladly. I have never seen the poor old lady since that hour ; probably Margaret has kept too close a watch upon her. 