CHinxB n. SolEOE had he set baToot upon the fell, thm, issoiag like sbaaows tram the wood he bad so lately* left, there come forth two men, fepeedOy tfiued by a Uiiiu. ' Well, Bill,' muttered one of the twotoths last comer, '(3ns is a ram go: our .game's gone to earth somewhere.* . *Ay, curse him! the bird's flown/ responded Bill, who was none Mher than our former acqnamtsnes, tin master «f the deceased Sandy. ?Itottldtheewe ao!d be o'erlste; butnibe ?HLsttTwUspend the tlnrd man, dutching fen. ? ' ' ?By ? ;xberetegaearnttandBiIIin great qeuenieiiL ' Boo. ma lads, Ut. all slip awa toth'ooldwslL WemaonkecptogdiTjbe'* aaevntodealw?.' —r-B— Without asore ado, they soon gained the wsUj andhadfiarry«astdinore«ar]-esdy.onloe-iiir nund, Its wouldhaveeean then lnir-»uceawZ jostaboattosHpoveca. On they went; tbef reached the fell i step Jjy stop, etch choeams; hisownnatb,uptbeswlettieT erawL etnUhr behind the larger boulderTof rock here and dun jutting out. TJuy are desperate men. birrt span a desperate task. Bevenge nareanoT simple actaatos one man— be it Billy. He had caniry induced bis companions in more than one outrage which might have sent them all swinging— to join him in plan, a plan which, promised them some fan, and which, at anyrate, promised one of Ac three possession of a good breechloader. And now they are bat ? short tray below him. O warning instinct. warn hun once again! But instinct now isj quiet. Ah, nothing now can save him! On they stealthily creep, those lawless men. God alone knows what treatment Harrrwill experience at tbejr hands. How must Ins guardian angels with pitying eyes look on, that one so young, sp promising, should die. Can nothing save him ? God alone can save him now. Then let us be content; if God is for him, who can be against him ? Harry is cbmbing ?meonscioudr bat pretty vigorously now ; bat the men are gaining fast upon him. Already they are pausing for a supreme effort, before they make their rath, when, in the providenoe of God, Harry, In scrambling along, loosens a large .lose; be nearly dipt, but recovering himself, tarns to eee bow soon and in mad career ft vay maeb tfao the bottom! An instant more, and he had bees) too late. With a startled shout of alarm, ha sees two men only a couple of yards below mat and fari be at by some fatf-daa. apeS. ugoi ana tapei aa ?zwcnainosr'. leaped aato com paratire safety, tiny would lam bad him in. ' tbeir ajrasp. In that one fiance be bad asen enoogh, tnd more thu enough, to coovinoj ?Wa.theJWi^n1*nr^a'£^5 Ui }?!«?& and Iwaarm at g»«iM tin* to be mri bard and mn«%b wseady iris Oervee,a»d|nn^lB75»^byM*,Srjag ^jaaiy,gsinmg*m him, be i. fat Mag wind ^mnw, fa, a* they struggle naming warudiim be tma MUhat they tansa ''sodL^biiCmnwt mn fad* appe ? 'nrf hiaailf He immediately ait. down. -»« tbe man below Km, end polk out In flask — empty-every precious drop eon ! Billy eyes Bin without apeaking. bat whh tbe ferocity of e wad beast. Harry wisely does not «rt. hi. breath ia fatting. 'Billy is the firrt to move, Mowed by fail companions; be dee* aot plunge away now as in did at the bepnnmg of the due, brnVqujetiy and yet with speed work* bia way up. Hany too sens bim ettfdeuberelely to wort ;belraow«thst bis only chance now is to gam tbe top at least aminote before tiie nun came np.br be fau already had «perU»oeorthewsy in which hffl-meo an in en incredibly »bort tine nw their way to the bottom again. A vary mWird end mbrupt piece of cliniljiiig cokm, now, which Harry si any otHer time would hsve gladly shirked; bat the difficulty is put, and be tarns with a degree ofswursocelie heinot Idt fcefjK to see if it wiH in any my damp or binder his pnnmen' ardour, while be grim once more bis breath. His breath h nearly all knpctoa oat of him again, though, by seeing his pnnuers strike off «o the faft, awi climb with redoubled rigour and seeming case a psthdrciing round tte projecting rock, ud -hid. he moden that ie inisseu eeemg. It waa evident the men knew their ground, and poor Harry ?huddered tothinkof the consequences, if, by unforeseen duuenltiei, be is at length brought to bay. T*e weary ehasioBOTmorepirMeeds. Barry rather ricient at tie thought of bang banted in this way, ana I am wood to bdieve hi. statement that in (hat awtol boor be thought of and sritbed Sir me. Be could hardly credit bis senses— Xamdouerasne wn— (hat all tins waa lalaae place in England, Onee more he baits, and planting himself firmly on the ledge formed by a sheep-run, be awsits thehtnnao bounds run ning steadily on tbe traD- Jnr the first time be challenges Billy as be draws near, and aiming bis pm, crie«: 'Stop! If yon come on. one of yon most die.' Billy's comrades poll op. bat only for an instant 'Gon ain't loaded,' he spattered out, knowing that Harry would bn used the same persuasion long eiaoe.tf tbepieoe bad been really charged. Barry eeJEed thegtinby tuemiirde.and whWiat:aOTerhiBOe»d,th«.taBasmadie-ibnun- pmntotbeSntarbaeomas within men ; bishigher grannd mo makes htm look formidable- But the undaunted Baiy, signing to the two ruffians beside him -o climb op rigut and left, creeps a little doser, but quite out of Harry', reach. This was too ranch for Harrr; thai three men shornd msike a ammltiaieoos attack upon him on all aides in sods a place nmet be foul to him, he knew, (Should lie manage to dispose of even one or two of his antagonists. He turned and Bed. OaxaorcitcttTBg]m gamely on f be scan the buhuh— un iu|- upun; ogt we leu rises up elfll higher. Bja throat is parched, bis legs feel not Jiis own s climbing, and such aeUmbasthis, they have not been accustomed to. Faint end in despair, h» almost gira opt the thought of Hand, however, comes to help him ; while there's life tbeee's hope; he enrings to Ids fent. and aow the real summit is dose by. With bands bleeding, clothes ton, blinded by fan tenable siogiog in Went* another feebfe eiraggfe lends trim on the top. At foil length he lies for a few ananas, while tbe coU breeze ranemtn hie exbamted merges, and then, with annnoarof thanks to God, be hastily croeM U»ridge,abo«t«hjrtyyard.broed. As he sees the feoge atones and fiagnwnts of «ock eattend tire and tbeicheaas thaaghts of trying the «a«««f}-nT&fften.nponaKwrebAabe;!o»; bntmgeintl.iitoetbaMlleyiMStbedesenponhbn no'.atid feeling ^oite Daefosl to tbedesperate taiV «' settling three men m as many minutes, fat dashes Is tbe otberssde,end steadying himself bysrt&ug; on his faeeb, he hapn. to slirie at a good psee down tlie elope, made slippery by the short and ebmttd gram. So sooner had he got -well under weigh, than bjs pnrsoers reach the top on the otber eioe, and, despite their anxiety practice is eliding, they hope at length to obtain their object Hike Harrj the/ are compelled fora minute to stop, before tbey resume the chase. On sUadng below, Billy dunces to Me poor Harry in diffimutiee. Be bad been sliding along itidj mtU, when die ground1 suddenly became rougaer,afid loose atones toon frequent : be was compelled, tharafore, to assume an upright posttioo, and scrambled down as best he could; but as erary one knows who hie tried it, it is .easier to start then to stop when one has set off. Harry wsa delighted «i the rapidity of his new notion, as compared with the Blower rate of flUiDf; be bad nod im, and fapt bit fait where many wouluhiTe lost them; but faster aad taster he went s Us abides down the Call-side were almost ludicrous, tad not they been so dascemns. Id lain Be trttd to moderate tu. nee j he mat 2&a; Hie wiad j lie felt in another instant th.t he would be Jasbed Is atoms ; bu oolf chance was to throw himself backwards. SUstohenlyaeesBnlmiwd. tor b-*M almost anwerkas, bat tds ttA catraanc in ? amaU tuft ofgoiwrttheesineiiieo»jat,heapnnroimdUke -*-p. and toraiag'a.saer eesnenaadta, be only \-- m»^to an «^5jr/l^ingl«iM of M«her OS,. Hefsttl«nsstft»tHl^*wiseg.ando»jt -t/t IhWKIII. Wld pWOsWHa* ? WsaaWl ?BWMOHUg gWhing o^ln.'Bb»Saj»^t»fa»«j^g nea^Tiooid^n^enSsbsi-aaiaige Cash too opon tas^saiasaaT^nWcnmahm E^«fcW^^«Bsbef«v»SfcJfc.»:oa, ft^c*Ve™^atheyJ^Mtoomud.l-al«, and they fdt flat W» matter mmrnk BiBy-a band. On looking oo, Hacry ?-* that be most aroose himsei4or all would eoon be Tbe ground was here emoother.aoa he triad the eliding down again, diarting bis cocae toavde his gon, which bad been Buried fiom las crssp bytbenOL Searuhadbeeeiieditat heswept g«olljby,thsn,byttieatDDesandnibbWwliioh tmnbled dsU^mH past him and upon him, he kaewtiist Bffly in aaotfaer aceoud «r two would reach turn. Oh, Harry, you Jan straggled neUysdonot gmintiow! Snt Harry's pn-- greai not only becomes slower; be suddenly stops, «oeses to a regular stand-still as be erouebeson a Gttte psteh of farxe. Be rat comes like a tbundersolt opoofaim. Why, the very ahocV of a heavy man late that would simply smash him. At the rary moment that Billy, with the spring of a Tiger, actually launches himself in the air iobis&rions; down- warn comae spaa zfae rerr spot, Barry, by-a slight morement to one aide, is .eared. Billy makes a oonnusive rJoteh at him as he goes ensuing by, and then, after a couple eomer eiults in the air, comes down with a heavy thud, aad £a* mocionleas aad etSL Harry is apon him in a aeeond, and, with rr-aimd atoek, is about to gm ban his ouietOT, cnfirieiit at any rate to pot an end to the pursuit, when, starting trom tbe fallen form, be eontinues a bmilang morse to the bottom of the feE. Thenwm'e bee had been towards him, and in the staring eyes and upen mouth, from winch Uood ms pouring fsst, he eaw death, death ! How he reached his uncVs house he knew net ; taint, auzy, and catena1 with blood, he bad a confused idea that two men were hard after Um. At « matter of fret, he bad hen punned tor quite has* a mile by Billy's com purion., now eager to despatch bun, and to gi»e them time to quietly lean the country, for a moment's inspection had assured them of their leader's fearful «od, and they dreaded the con sequence of immediate caseomrj. Poor Hurry! he hastened through the sbroMierries, aad Iheo leaning against a EtHe iron gate leaning through the garden, he paused lor a moment to collect fumself,and thought of his mtracmoas preserva tion. As he pawed fak bands thronrb ins matted and blood-staioed bait, the frigfctfal appear»m»he most present ocentreati, bis roiDd, and the necessity of gaining his room before any alarm ehoaH be giran to the bouse. He there fore bethought him of the easiest, by- path that wmld eonaoet Iran most qodHj and eecrotlr ronnd, not through tin open grounds. Witi wary eye and anxioas breast, he sped along, and on sharply taming a comer, be nearly tan into Haud'e arms. There was one dreadtdl scream ; itwaehesrd efl orer tim rfaee. 'tbamAu. W. notUng, tfe nothing,' be cried; 'Tin an rigbtt* bnt as be adnaeed, his face turned as into stone ; with open eyes, parted and blanched ups.ltandeeemedto repel him with her band, and then, with another piercing ana faesrMcnd mg shriek, she Ml senseless on the gromd. At that iMtant there appeared nprat the tent tht garoener, a bonsemsid, Hany'e node, and tbe butler. Of course the housemaid went ofi into hysterics. ?%ey bore poor aland inooors. tn leas than an hour ebeawokx te«onaeiousnesB, bat not to reason. Dsy after day she would lie and murmur ; * Poor Harry ! poor Harry !' Barry, poor fellow, retnrnej that week to town. His nude ha* beard bis explanation j in bis grief, had pitied, reproached him: bad kneed mm, and eurged him. But when on sending a body or servants to the fell, no trace of the dead man was to he found, be brake oat irte bitter word, of grief end inreetrre, bard to be borne. Nothing was to be beard of the three nUsms atalUthe scramble tar life must ban been an hillnrimstion or an invention of Verson's own brain, after meeting with an aeeident wbfch had left each severe marks upon ha. 8ueh a man as BiDy bad, ndeed, been noticed in tbenarV bourhood, and now most of aU when dead, be might ban bees expected to leaiain tar a far boon on the seu, nnta he was discovered : but he was nowhere to be found. Harry returned father. BBlv preceded him to town by three days, accompanied by bis slues, without baring accomplished much daring their poaching expeditions in tfaeeoantry. Hebaresnebaannk noon bis visage as caade bhn look more ruffianly then before the advent ore, which bad caused the breakage of a blood-vessel and temporary insensibility. It is sarisfsctorr to know that he had not long afterwards paid tiie penalty for being concerned in eome fresh nusdetoeanon.*' against the laws of the Sand in which he lived. A certain deep sear upon hia fdoe gsve conclusive evidence as to his identity, and he was transported for life. Hurry yearned Cor tbe good news which nevereame : Maud eon tinuedintheaamewretehedstate. Beforetbeyev poor Harrv, bis uncle died : be had never re covered from the sboct of that day, wines brought sucb wretchedness to his house. In answer to a letter which be at length ventured to bis anst, he was told thst Uaod was ender more careful treatment than his, and that she ahould prefer to bear no more trom a murderer an' destroyer. Young Ternon, far a few weeks, gave way to an indescribable ?ndaneholy, and it was only through tbe tender sympathy of his lather that be survived. He then devoted himself to hard reading, passed a Tery creditable examination : and to bJsmeciand ?nperior officers alike is Isdia, as a jwmg heiitenant, was only known as the strictest disip linarian, md die sternest end ipost intereSBng companion in tin Bess. Ibe unhappy state of h» tsind had tbe aaoal elect on his health, and beneebis return to London, and bis appeal to my sympathy an) friendship. As a dying man, he munuuteo* sne. when be waa egne, to auaiiai oat hk aast, and nourey to her hie Isst message of loegiveaess for the fastab treateasnt he bad aaeOBDeedetberiiaaas; whitet beaanredase tbatifbyhisdsatfal- ecould1Msv,aw ? wihaWi Mj I-bJLj,,-,,- *b* Ilia alBasD«aw fBulfr — J mantaataate* IBB flsaaBEICseS W SB VsaKaB itllglH. ??D SsWClJ cJarB^TbT^woaU latn dM lcs« amee. As. nowaiteagtbiastais was tola. Begsasissaas aritscsraeitayes. IeM«ata7.ft*«baTMM bans.«napnna»Sa«I»nad»mayarry batlas«9b. He aVpt tsratrbelmrirau Ifaat night. S-i«a«-tean«cVr1s-ssant--)a- tinaosnily. Tbwaals emang tbe docter^eBed. OeDadsHen boat the *st Oat be enuU Do Jialeinaochaosse. He looted tot at Jhs patient as he lay in a sound JBa*er. (dtlas pulse, and tben.tummj to me,esid: - Ton are KrUanocer «r«.Mrep)ied,'Iaea.' -AJ.rbesaa,Tve beard him mention you. Ksa eee what jour poor iriend is suftering 6os ? WeO. stay smb Ud as Jong as you can, please. 7eu-e done him pounds worth of mod akndy.' And what bad Xdone? Bybemgaenaetand ermpathetic batener, I had brought thatleeEng ofrelier-a4hrpoareBSeearwhuh undoubtedly ensues when tbe burden of sorrow iaUehteoed by being borne ea the shoulders of two, instead of being endured by the strength of one alone. Harry aad I spent that week quietly enough; is slept, «nd I read at«3 thought. WoeaawaU, he always sougnt ae with an anrious look, whirh immedialeb; ehanged to a peaceful emDe. TiimTrl ? MjBjinlrii nreffi ilinnilnlj iii.swil bis bsnd; but he never anoke of getting better. When te tbonght of life the aid wntebed look came back; when he tbooritof tbeoraoe, eternal rest eeeawd all Oat be desired, ilj thoughts at last took a definite shape. les plamed to Hanj that he must aBow me a day for business in tbe country, and Oat then I would return to him. Obe next day I took the train tor Stauebridge, a emaS town in Devon shire. Acting upon what I eoaM glen bom Barry's uncertain information, strengthened by the Postal IHrrdarf, I was about topleythe UstebaBce. Mj».Venion bad, some time siiKe, soii everrthiog, end left the neighbourhood of WatertbwaitB; and now. ea I walked through tbe principal etnet of Stonebridge. and neand the s«-d lady', eopposed raridencc, I fatt as thougb wauDngi into tbe ban's month. * Doss aTrs. Vernon Eve here r* ?Yes, sir,' ausaewd aieiy lespeetable^ooking housemaid:* bt* she's out ior a drive, etr, and* won't be back for eome time.' I had pulled out my card-ease: and afiiiiMi toe look ~re~~y much annoyed and perptared, as indeed I was, she added: ? B« if if « anything important. lEss HamOfamis at borne, sir.* 'OixxBamU {oarXexeuanad: « UisslCand Haauitonr ?Tea, air,* timidly replied tbe astonished maiden. I knew not what to think of it : tbe girl must be an idiot to imagine dad I could have any business with the poor imbecile Hand. Bowever, stirred by sons inwsrd feeling jiei~baps only a wish to eee tha anfortanate lady, in whom I now felt, on BaiTys behalf, so great an interest, I sent BP my asm, and Tegnested to learn from Uiss HanuWs lips when I aught expect the rebus of HnkTerson, as I bed important news. This was touoied by a request to waft ujvstsira into the ojawing-foam : and in another eeeond, a eiaVdoor opened, and a young lady advanced mot gnuefolly into the room, fine leaked pale ui wry this, bat if sadnsss teigned in those beutiTol eyes,nason reigned there too. Ht eaxe'mnstbave been too rrr™**, tar. wish asliebtblsahanda EtHe cooiojiou ormauner, ehe eipres«d her regret that lira. Temon was oat, and isaniu that ahe would not be at borne Cor an boor or snore. ACy resolve was taken. ?If joo aril] lie so good at to seat yanneuV I said, 'I daresay I can explain the nature of my ?iut to you quite as well as to Ha. Temon : I come&omancldfciendofl4rs.;¥eniim.' ? Oh, indeed s pnrj, to «-«tBiV ate said. I bad conned over aad over what I should sntaUrsTeenneVbutlbad bardly expected t» meet with JCsa Eamuton. I began flmetiy and eaatiously: but I had scarcely epoken a few words, when Iaaw that ahe bad gwessd was the suljeet «f an thoughts. I had a dimenlt task to perform s she bad tamed deadly pale, and dung to the eusmbas of the sotaen which ahe was seated &r; support. ?I fed raflter tired with my journey,' I broke in with: 'may I ring tor a glass of wioer* I rang laebsu, and the poor gir) had soffident strength afaerve to say: 'Bring in some wine.' I hastily jxxmd sot a gkas of eberry, which I forced her to take ; and then, as (he eat was out of tbe bee. I quickly enaemded all I had to eay. leSdnotteSner how desperately in and near death's door Barry vu ; bat her tears flowed 6xe3y, and she brjd out ber band to me, to express the thanks which ehe could not then utter, as 1 told ber enough to convince her that it depended on herself whether roissrj or hsppi ness wss to ensue from my insiu Of course I had to wak for Mrs Temon's Tetnrn, and of course that lady was mnch enrpTised to find me at her bouse, and her daughter in as excited state of ami Tbe tale was onee more and more connectedly told; and my argent appeal to hnmanitjr*a affection and sympathy, added to sCaad's tears, bad the «^*ffhrfl efleet. TCie old lady was softened,- she bust iota a flood of tears over her unSartunate nephew, and it ended in my leaving by the last train at night for to see him, to forgive him, and to be forgiven. I ooald hardly mnfs'in myself for joy, and any passengers in the compartment of the carriage next to mine must have been irt^*-— astonished by my bursts of laughter, my little shouts of seK-congratalatioa, and my nnstrhni of eld songs, ail die way from atonefaridge up to town. I was never so joUy in my life, and Tin afraid I £ave Harry but little prepaeatksi. Xcouldxiot conceal my gladness. 'WeD, old nan, I've done a-y bosmess capitally: I feel quite jovial j' and I laughed again. -Where do you think rve neeu r ue starea at me alls sus great hollow eyas,** though be would lead arj- «ooX TvebeCTtoStombridger ? Ho, yon baaent V he abnost abooted. «Yes,Ihave,'Iand, smuTinf; 'and capital news too.' I then praceeded, to tell him my adveotnrea, not exactly a* Erst as ttey oeouned, tor I first told him Aetna aunt was prepared OMaaaatoieai^fcMwiftMeaaesa. tarn «h»|,wla»asofatsadw»itaal. He bad two e^irJwaieh»B|stalsiihia»-ffartteirarrasi- 1W two oars dUradeo, aadtboagh4-e V-ok-d iftea ghost rf Us **«r«H, yet he was able to receive them sifting in a chair, be eae a ebrrrftn little fca. Ho one witnessed tbe meeting between fabaedf and Head. 1 bad anise emugfa pleasure a Imagnang it; indeed, IcouMootluiecjnOTlJedinyseiftoeeeiS. It is needless to epeak farther of my deGgbt, that best bapprnesi of oakmg sthers bapay. HnTma bad tbei*iniateeadaetamiefa«ry liliiasim 11T ?! Iut ??nils. ? aiiniiiiiMiiil laai Usek donds which bad so long beset her aaaaee and in ber old age ahe atari with me beside tb* sft«r to witoeaa there ttewmoo wjnehbsdcsns so ofi=B been the earnest desire of ber near*. Both ktaad and Harry looked older and gtamr than they might at each a time of 13c; bat if nsey *qt iTsttbgr igtn by chIji tnnnr, 'tefaey wt iaaak ifaiew- better how to uppnaciKto em; momait in mftei^fe oftrae lore «ad 1hiim1i.ii ?* — Chamber £t JammaL 