APPALLING SmCIDJS. A brothel in Little FlindM-ltrMt WM, last evening ahdut dusk, the scciM bf a tflost horrible cane bf sdiclde; thb victim being a native 'of Dantzife, named Maurice John Mkckewitf < \- aged 42 years. About twelve months agO; a young trbihftn darned Alice BucKiey was rescued trom drowning near Prince's Bridge hy ' the efforts : Of two men, who saw her imminent danger ahdl risked their lives to effect her rescue. One bf them was drbWned in the attempt, but the other succeeded ih hringifig the girl Safely to lfcnd.' She possessed considerable personal attractions, and though she was known to the police aa a woman of certain re pute, several persons took an interest in her, ahd amohgst them the unfortunate man who yesterday blew his brains but. He appents to have beetl an industrious and respectable individual, and having made the acquaintance of Buoklsy.heatonceproposed marriage to her. She consented, and the ceremony was duly performed. With thS hieank they had St command, the married conple took the Em pire Hotel at Hotham, and carried on busi ness there for some time, but not with the satisfactory result - that they anticipated. After a time they were obliged to relinquish the premises, aud with what they cbuld save from the wreck they took ahotber hotel naffied the British Lion. This also failed, and about n week ago they resigned the business and separated, the woman going to live in a cottage in .Flinders-lane, where the tragedy occurred, the deceased intimutiug ' his intention of going up tiountry to leok for employment. The deceased was prone to jealousy, and at times cruelly ill- treated his wife. At . the time she left him he Was quite aware of her purpose, and undertook not to intrude upon or trouble her in her new home. He kept faith With her in tin's reBpeot until yesterday morning, when, ahont ten o'clock, he culled at the cottage in Flinders-lane, where Buckley lived. The house is one of a range of four, between Russell and Stephen streets, ahd con sists of a front pftrlor and a back bedroom, both meretriciously furnished after the style of such abodes, with premises to the rear, where the ostensible lady of the house and her children slept. One of the youngaterft opened the door when deceased knocked, and in accordance with directions, informed Buckley, who was then in bed With a man in the back room, that "a gentleman wanted to see her." She, not knowing who it wni that inquired for her, sent out word for him to oall again. The message having been conveyed to Mackewitz, he left, stating that he would return about one o'clock. The woman seemed to he aware of who the visitor was, and accordingly was prepared for him at the hour named. Punctually to promise h arrived. He seemed troubled and ill-tem pered, nod without Baying anything entered the parlor aud tool: his seat upon a sofa. Buoldey approached liitii in a friendly man ner, and, placing her .hand . upon his shoulder, made some inquiry about his going to the country. He said that he intended starting on the following day, and asked her if she had. got any money. She opened her purse and handed him a sovereign. Some conversation SnSued as to what lie purposed doing with tbe money. Ho replied thftt several articles of clothing belonging to him were in pawn, and he wauted to release them so that they might be useful to him in the country. This satisfied her, and, on apparently friendly terms, he roBe to take liis departure. When at the hull door he stopped, and turning round he said, in tones that indicated determination, " I shall return this evening at six o'clock, without fail. Mind I am determined to see you, and therefore do not fail me." She said "All right," and he then went away. Shortly after the hour named he knocked at the door, and there being at the time no one else but hdrself in the house ' she gave him admission. They both proceeded to the bedroom, and she, in the first instance, sug gested that she should return him the pawn tickets of his clothes and other articles whioh she had in her possession. His man ner wns abstracted, ahd the expression of his eyes was wild and revengeful ; but she took no partioular notice of this until he leaned over and struck her in the face, at the same time throwing a quantity of silver on tho floor. This sent her reeling against the bed, on to Which lie pressed hei , leaning over, and holding her down with a sort of convulsive effort. He then raised one of liis fingers and addressing her said, "Do you see that. That is a riDg, composed of your hair." fie nt the same time drew from his pockot a small pistol, which ho showed hor. The woman, believing he was going to shoot, shrieked and struggled to escape. The next moment she" heard a report and felt her hair and face deluged with blood. She was so terrified that for a time she remained insensible, and, on returning to consciousness, she found herself lyiDg on the bed and the room in darkness. She rose and looked about, and in the gloom distinguished the body of her husband, horribly disfigured, lying on the floor beside the bed. She rushed to the door, and in doing so had to stumble over the corpso,-and cried for help. Disturbances arc unfortunately not rarities in 3uch places, so that neither the noise of the pistol report nor her ories oroated any alarm. She suc ceeded after a time in escaping from tho room, and then screaming like a woman deranged, she paced up and down the hall. Ultimately the noise attracted attention, and several of tho neighbors burst in, when they found the unfortunate woman leaning over and caressing the blood-stained corpse. A more sickening sight could hardly he imagined than was presented by the body. The deceased appeared a large man, witli somewhat regular and rather prepossessing features. He, in committing the act, had placed the muzzle of the pistol to his mouth, and fired it. The bullet took an upward direction,, traversing the left cheek and car rying away or splintering in fragments the entire left hemisphere of the skull, leaving an aperture through which the lacerated brains exuded, falling in a mass upen the floor. Death, in its most revolting form, must have been instantaneous, and it was with difficulty the woman could be dragged from the chamber. The spectacle presented was truly terrible. Stretched at full length, and filling up the greater portion of the vacant apace in the room, was tho body, the face aud upper portion covered with blood that still trickled to the floor and added to the ensanguined pool in which tho head lay partly buried. The bed, with its elegant hangings all sprinkled with blood, the gaudy furniture and pictures ofjwomen decolleteex, conveyed an idea of one of those tragic pictures of scenes of im morality and crime that, happily, are rarely Witnessed amongst ns. Beside the body was found a document, from which it was evident that the wretched man had com mitted premeditated suicide from motives of jealousy. Tho letter, which ja appended, adds, if possible, a decpor and more ghastly shade to the affair, and shows that the man must have been goaded to commit the aet while in a sort of frenzy. It is as follows : — 17th December, 1875.— I write this in my proper senses, and I intended to kill myself to day, some way. My wife left me lust week, through the interference of the following woman and man. The man she is living with, in a hrsthrel, named Tolly fiosn Johnston, Louisa Felony, Mm. Lambert, all in Flinders-lane, and the French w — — living next Sargood and Co., Flinders-street. Prostitution is the best most successful carried on under the very nose of the police, as tho detective force is an example. My best thanks to Mr. Croyele the Brewer, of tho Royal Mint Brewery, for beihg so kind after sh wind ling me of money some time ago to pay my wife £3 to sleep with her last Wednesday night, gt the Belvedere Hotel, and Mr. Hcnnety for trying to do tho same. I don't sign my name ; it will be found out soon enough. I have no money, and 1 intended to blow my brains out over my wife's living car ess that she always may remember my in that beautiful fife she and her companion are leeding, and may the course of God be on here, that she shall have the mangled body of myself always before herself, and if my ghost he shall hunt her and drive' her to madness and the worst I wish her. I got one pound from my wife, and found a man in bed with her. I paid 4s. for a pistol in Cleeland's. I returned the rest to her, after paying for powder and shott. 1 see her at G o'clock my wedding day and my byrrial. 1 wish to be bunied with the lock of bair in my finger. After my body ia removed I hope some of your clever detectives or police-- men will go to bed with bar and smell my -blood, I leave my lodging o»W. 10 a.m., to go find stfi ni¥ etirtM wif. 'to get some moat? the list and last to buy a pistol and return to her, take h.r in my arms and sCattei mi bfalht over her cursed carca4.>Amen. N.B.— My tfifft'4 naifah was Alice Bnckley, and yen will find froth her her brother is an old policeman living in D.ndenong, Oakley, Fern Tree Gully or Sale (Uippsland) at present, I belihre. J.M.M. Married 17th December, 1374. Died by his own hand 17th do., 1875. Order for a grove stone. The ihqueht on the body will Ire held to day at noon. 