FRIDAY, OCTOBER 29th, 1875. The utterances of'Sir James M'Cul loch when lie i was so determined; to giiin .office by any means that be allied himself with his most, "virulent enemies to • defeat the late' Government—his utteranccs indicated surely enough1 that he would endeavor to obtain the assent 'of the Assembly to an income tax, and Mr' Higinbotiiam told him .that, before such a tax was passed, the countiy must, be allowed the opportunity of expressing its opinion on the subject. He did not say so in so many-words,- but. that' was the purport of his "remarks. It appears that the Premier has resolved' to pro pose an income tax," its precise nature cannot yet be indicated, but it is settled that some-portion of the burdens • of the State, which his predecessors were resolved, to, place upon the shoulders of the large holder of land," Sir James M'Colloch, true to the set to - which he belongs, has determined to shift, to income. . Whatever we do not- know, tliis we do know, that- the large land proprietors- -aire- to escape-'tlieir""legi timate contribution to - tlie. revenue arc the cost of the possessors of incomes more or. less precarious. Sir James' M'Culloch must receive credit for con sistency. This is the policy that might properly come from the main whom a paltry knighthood has transformed into a full-blown. Conservative. • ■ It' was lit that it should emanate, from the .- chosen leader. of the party which includes in its ranks MtMacbain, Mr Hopkins, Dr Mad den, and others ot their views. -For them anything is better than the land tax of the late Government, and though they, would, prefer-being allowed1 to: escaipe scot free, a light , tax is better than a heavy one. It .was, ■ of course, impossible-that a land tax- should be avoided altogether; the position of the ■ Conservatives in the House is not such , as. -would permit them to - make ■ - so hazardous a.-venture as that. Besides, what does it matter! The .Legislative Council knows that the Premier would, be a very dumb dog about: a land tax were it but .possible.; - To use a cant phrase, ."it's up to sniiffi" Sir James will give the office'to his friends there, and Mi-.Hopkins will pull his particular strings; and there iwill be no land tax," and Sir James, whilst "assuming an air of "wont stand it-," will stand it and laugh in his sleeve. There : would be a .political knock out, and the countiy be fooled"once more. .Fortunately the, bill will not reach that stage, and Sir James will not have the chance, of working his marionettes.- . The Premier will discover that he will: not be per mitted to draw a red herring across the j sceiit'iu tlie shape of an income,tax. Those who have : had : their attention | attracted to the large land proprietors are not / such fools as to allow it to' be " diverted by this trick of an....income tax. That may come in good time, but it will not be tolenited, that the two things should be mixed up, and .an element of con fusion be introduced. There's a spice of cunning about the thing, and there is no doubt that the Premier is eminent in that way, but. the time has passed when he could hope to. practice it with any success, except behind the scenes, :md_ there the result of the -last ten I days has not been encouraging. It | does not do to attempt too many things at one time, and persons will ask to be excused from dealing with an income tax till the use of a land-tax has been exhausted ; till it is ascertained what can be made of it ; what can be ob tained from it. No doubt the poli tical conjuror who displayed his finan cial ability by winding up a long sojourn at the Tretisury by leaving the country, and a large deficit be hind him, may be equal to his un doubted pretensions. But common place people, who have not been ennobled, and whose heads therefore have not been turned by a remarkable titular distinction—what a joke about the way it was got, too !—prefer facts to pretensions, and cannot get over that deficit. We are afraid that even Sir James, who is bold of speech, to put it pleasantly, cannot manage to get rid of that. He really, therefore, must excuse a gentle public, which has more wit than he and his are ever likely to give it credit fox-,, and'does j not believe that he is the man to bal ance a land tax on his nose, meanwhile balancing an ' income tax in one hand and a tax on investments in the other. The masters of the art do not try it, though no doubt' -what a Gladstone would shrink from a M'Culloch may attempt. It is well to do one thing at a time, , and the Premier knows that so well that he would have dropped a land tax and confined himself to an income tax, as Mr Lakgton suggested, but that it was too risky. A show of passing a land tax there must be if only to excuse the conduct of the Opposition in voting against the proposal of the late Treasurer and as a sop to the country, if it would but be silly enough to.be'beguiled by it. One thing at a time. "We must settle our ac counts^ with the large land proprietors first, we must exact from them what they have. a right to pay. They are not to a be • settled by a division of "the amount it is . requisite to raise between I the . land proprietor and the possessor J of income derived from other sources. That would' do very well on the mere score of finance, but there is a principle that has to be carried—the principle of making the large land proprietors pay what they ought. The money that is wanted to make up the deficit is only one portion of the problem, and the constituencies will not be hoodwinked into the notion tbat tbe half includes the whole. hTor will it he cajoled by, a mere pretence' of a land tax. They will hear in: mind that the late Treasurer placed the chief burden of the impost upon those who could afford to pay it, ■ and it will not accept a mere ghost of a land tax, whittled away so far as the wealthy are concerned, and slyly slipped on to the ■shoulders of the less well-endowed, and tlie incoines of those following fluctuat ing pursuits.' "We want no income tax till the country has had its say on the subject. " If we could hut get Sir James M'Cctlloch to see how simple is the position. The countiy wants to confine its attention to a land tax for the pre sent, and especially as applicable to large and rich estates. That is all. Really, Sir .Tajiks, do you mean to say you cannot see it ? Then there must be another deficit somewhere, and to tell" you the truth, we have long feared it. 