DIARY OF AI JOURNEY FROM SOUTHAMPTON TO HONGKONG, VIA NORTH AMERICA AND JAPAN, August a*jd September, 1873. 10th. Our days pass away in the quies cent style usual on board ship. We read, and chat, and work, and sleep, and eat. Last night the purser gave us a kind of entertainment—the exhibition of a magic lantern—and to-night we are to have the first of a series of dances. What a usual thing it is now to take these long journeys. I remember in the Chart of English History, that I and Marian learned as children, one of the entries in George III. reign was, "Commodore Anson sailed round the world.'' So ex-, traordinary an occurrence was this in those days, that it was recorded as amongst the remarkable events of that long reign. Now it is so common that in this set of passengers, brought accidentally together, there are no less than nine who are bound on that long journey simply for pleasure, and two of these are ladies. The weather we are having is perfect', the air is fresh and pure, the sun bright, the moon and stars most brilliant and lovely, and the sea is almost as calm as a lake. Dearest Edmund, I am most thankful to say, is decidedly better, and enjoys the trip exceedingly. 13th,—We had very pleasant evenings yesterday and the day before. On Thursday the Doctor read us a very interesting little lecture he had written upon the character of Shylock. In his opinion Shakespeare intended it as a reproof to his generation for the way in which they habitually treated the Jew3, and by representing Shylock as an embodiment of avarice, hatred, and cruelty showed as plainly as he dared the result of long ages of oppres sion and contumely. It was a well written and instructive lecture. Last night we had the reverse of the medal, and were shown how Men are only boys grown tall, And are but obildren after all." A most absurd kind of miniature bur lesque was introduced, with a donkey, a rider, and a lady about nine feet high, so ridiculous all three of them that we roared with laughter. Then we were I invited into the saloon to hear a lecture ! on an Egyptian mummy that lay on the i floor, most admirably mimicked. The lecture was also a very clever farce. The evening concluded with a most capital J little concert. To-night, I believe, we are to have an entertainment from General B . This afternoon Mr. M has been showing us his album, also his Vic toria Cross and the Humane Society's medal, both gained by him for saving life during a typhoon in Formosa. He and his friend, Mr. D—— were more than eight hours in the sea trying to reach ! two ships, one French and one English. They succeeded in saving 15 lives, in one instance swimming ashore with a poor fellow who had broken his leg, and was utterly helpless. When they reached the French vessel, only the upper deck-was left entire, forming a kind of raft, on which the remnant of the crew were huddled together. The poor old captain fell on his knees, and kissed their feet in his impulsive French fashion. Mr. M. is a fine young fellow, very intelligent and gentlemanly, and we like him much. 16th. Yesterday was Sunday, the 14th, and to-day is Tuesday, the 16fch. Since we left " Frisco" we have been losing 18 minutes a day, and to make this right, we drop a day when we pass the 180®, and if going in the opposite direction we should equalise the gaining of 18 minutes daily, by having two Sundays or Mondays, as the case might be. On Saturday even ing we had a very amusing time. Old General B had offered to tell a story to amuse us all; so we all. gathered in the saloon, and there the old gentlemen told three, most interesting and amusing. He is an admirable proficient in the art, preserving the most perfect gravity of | countenance until the end, when the pith of the tale comes out in the most laugh able maimer possible. "We are beginning to know our fellow-passengers well, and, as a rule, have a very pleasant and obliging set of people on board. Y esterday one of them who has' spent several years in South America, much interested Ed. and me with an account of his travels. He has been much in Peru, and gave most interesting details of his explora tions of the tomb3 of the Incas, so recal ling Prescott'3 " History of the Conquest of Peru." He showed us various relics he had brought thence—gold and silver ornaments over a thousand yeara old, antique spinning shuttles of the same date, with the wool still on them, and many pictures of the scenes of their ancient magnificence and power. Bums of their palaces are still extant, that would have been perfect to the present day but for the ravages of the Spaniards. These remains are formed of huge rocks of stone, placed one on the other without any cement, and yet so accurately ad justed that a blade of a knife cannot be thrust between them. These architectural relics are still perfect, while buildings erected by the Spaniards, of massive material united by the strongest cement, have long, long ago been utterly ruined by the earthquakes common in that region. Various athletic sports go on amongst the gentlemen passengers, very amusing to watch, and very cleverly per formed, especially a strange intertwisting of legs, by which two of them turn each other completely over. 19bh. We are getting very friendly with most of the passengers, and like them much. I was talking some time last night with Mrs. H., a little missionary lady from America—she 2i only 17 years old. Mrs. D , another missionary's wife, was telling me yester day of her past life. She has been living in the Caroline Islands, inhabited by genuine savage3. The only vessel that came regularly was the Morning Star—a missionary ship, bought by the children in America, as the John Williams was bought by the children in England. This calls once a year to bring letters and take away those they have written. The first year she was there she did, not hear a syllable from home all the time ! Occa sionally a whaler calls, but this is a very rare thing. They had to live upon plan tains, yams, and fruits of different kinds; their stores were all brought by the Morning Star. On one occasion they were robbed of them all! A terrible loss, when they have to wait for months before the stock can be renewed. Mrs. D—— is a beautiful pianiste, and plays an im mense deal of the bestmusicfrom memory. We shall greatly miss her music when she goes. She is now going to Japan, but will not see her husband for nearly two years. She was obliged to leave the Carolines on account of her health, but her husband was well, and so felt com- j pelled to stay till his relief came. We J have also heard a good deal about the j Yosemite Yalley from people who have visited it. This is the celebrated Cali fornian Yalley, which we should have been so glad to visit if we had >ad time. Only think, it3 principal waterfall is nine times deeper than Niagara ! To-day we have seen many flying fish—such graceful pretty crea tures. Some were mere babies, others looked as big as mackerel, and when their wing3 were gleaming silver white in the sunshine, they seemed to me like glorified sparrows ! A whale was polite enough to keep us company for some time, spouting around the vessel for hours, but it was only at long intervals that we caught sight of his broad brown back. 24th.—Yesterday was a terrible day ; such a severe storm up to sunrise this morning that I got quite nervous. The ship groaned and creaked frightfully, and all night and day we were slipping and tumbling about, and every now and then a crash would announce some whole sale breakage. Neither captain nor chief officer was to be seen, and the ship " lay to " for so many hours that at noon to day we had only made 79 miles; so we shall not, as we had fondly hoped, reach Japan to-day, and most probably not before to-morrow night. This morning, I am most thankful to say, the storm is over and gone, and save a swell on the sea, there is nothing to remind us of its ravages, for the stewards and boys are very busy in clearing up all reminders of its power. The night before last we had a capital evening's entertainment. It was a great success ; not a thing flagged, but all passed off with the greatest ease possible. Mr. M 's song was excel lent, and the tableaux vivants were first rate. We all laughed till we cried, and so did not notice the wind, which soon j rose to a gale, and kept us awake and axious all the next night and day. During the 24 hours we only made 79 miles, instead of 230 or 250! 25th.—We have just been summoned on deck to catch a distant view of Japan, which stretchesinafaint ghost-like outline on the horizon. We shall possibly anchor at about 5 p.m., and so shall go on shore; but, unhappily, this storm will sadly j curtail the length of time we shall spend in this interesting country; still we hope ) to have time to visit Yeddo. 26th.—We reached Yokohama last night about 6 p.m., and were instantly boarded by a crowd of anxious Americans and Europeans. Mr3, H—, Mrs. S— Mrs. D—, all met their husbands, and indeed there were many joyous meetings on all sides. Unfortunately, it was a very damp, disagreeable evening, but whether from this or some other causa I know not, dearest Ed. felt so poorly that we quite decided to stay on board all night. However, soon appeared Mr. W , one of our fellow-passengers, and head of the principal American fiim in Yokohama, who most kinllv said that he had remained behind solely to beg us to stay with him. We should be per fectly quiet; Ed. should retire to rest when he pleased. He was sure it would be much better for us than remaining on the ship, &c.;, &c.;, &c.; and, finally, we decided to accept his bind hospitality. So we were introduced to his brother, who had come to meet him, and soon found ourselves gliding over the water of Yokohama Harbor in his private boat. It is almost impossible for me to say how much we enjoyed this little visit after our long, long journey. It was so de lightful a renewal of our acquaintance with true, genial, Ee stern hospitality. The house is charmingly furnished, and bears many traces of the time when Mrs. W lived, in tasteful indications on all sides. Our bed seemed to us like some noble Gothic temple after the ship's berths; and, oh ! the luxury of a roomy bedroom, warm bath, abundance of lamps, &c.; Then followed dinner, with all its appetising little dishe3, iced champagne, fiefli fruit, &c.;, and all these enj jyments enhanced by th9 kindest attentions from our hospitable entertainers. We fully appreciated our good night's rest, and in the morning prepared to see what we could of Japan during the 28 hours to which our stay was unfortunately limited. I had omitted to mention that as I was running down stairs to get something from the cabin, before we left the Japan, I was delighted to see our dear old friend, Captain T , the Habor-Master of Hongkong, who had come up from that place expressly to accompany us back again. He and Ed. are such friends that it was a great pleasure to them to meet, and next day we spent together, in com pany with Judge B—- and his family, the C 's, old General B , &c.j; then called on the R 's, and then went shopping. This was great fun, and we bought several little things in lacker ware, which are intended to adorn our future English home. At 12 o'clock we returned to Mr. W——'s to breakfast, and at 2 o'clock met Captain T——• and Judge B at the railway station to go to Yeddo. Before we entered the train we had gone about in the popular vehicle of Japan—the jin-rick-shaw, as it is called, a most quaint-looking but very comfortable conveyance. Fancy a child's little hooded perambulator large enough to carry an adult, and dragged by a man, and you will understand what a jin-rick shaw is. As it was a damp day the oil silk curtains were drawn, so that it really ! looked as if we were done up in brown paper parcels. The speed with which the men draw you is really wonderful. Both Captain T— and Judge B are portly men, but our party went along at such a rate that one would have thought we weighed about half a pound each. At Osak the other day Captain T , with out previously warning the man, timed him, and found he was dragged three miles in 25 minutes. It wa3 very droll to get into the railway carriages and find all the officials "were Japanese. Of course our tickets were printed in Japan, and all the arrangements showed that wewere in a semi-civilised country. The drive to Teddo is lovely, and the train seems to pass through a pretty garden the whole way. Fusyama, the sacred volcano of the Japanese, was plainly visible, though the day was misty, and with the whiter clouds resting on its summit, looked as if capped with snow. In the carriage we metJMr. K , son of Major K , for merly of the Hongkong Mint, and who is now conducting the Mint in Japan. It took us an hour to go from Yokohama to Teddo, and when there our chief object was to visit the Temple of Sheba. It is a really splendid temple, and covers a very large space of ground, being com posed of several buildings. We were first taken into a very large enclosure, facing the principal temple, and where a monstrous bell lives by itself under a roof. There was quite a small family of people living under it—I suppose hangers on of the temple, and a very pretty girl brought us cups of tea. We knew she was unmarried, as all the wives are com pelled to blacken their teeth and shave ofif their eyebrows, in order to make themselves unattractive. While there the bell was sounded by means of a large spar of wood that was driven against it, and it gave out a deep musical boom, that echoed grandly amongst the old trees that shadowed the roof. The temple we first entered was approached by a fine wide flight of step3. Having mounted these, an attendant most politely bowed, with clasped hands, and pointed to our feet, and then directed our atten tion to a board, which announced, ".Ho shod man goes over this limit! " So we slipped off our boots and walked over the most exquisitely fine and clean mats. They were as soft as velvet, and we were told that another peculiar kind of matting is placed below to produce this effect. I never saw anything like the cleanliness of the woodwork that extended beyond this matting to where the priest stood. I can only compare it to fine porcelain, so white it was, and so choice was the carv ing. The priest wore very peculiar gar ments, that looked as if woven simply from fibre. On his head wa3 a most ex traordinary cap, that glittered as if made of black bugles; altogether he looked an imposing personage as he received and returned the various vessels to the in ferior priest, who bowed humbly before him each time he took anything from his hand. I noticed various worshippers at the doors, clapping their hands and then touching the ground with their forehead. Leaving this temple, we gained another enclosure, up a lofty flight of steps, where we found a mausoleum to one of the old Mikados (Japanese Emperors), It was very antique as well as very costly, and we were told that there were a great . number more of them, but as our time was limited, and all were precisely alike, we contented ourselves with seeing this one. The next place we entered was a most exquisite temple, reserved exclu sively for the Mikado. It is as ornate sis St. Mark's, in Venice, only, of course, in. such an entirely different style, but the painting, gilding, and carving were almost worth a tr'p to Japan to examine^ The ceilings were panelled in color, with rich ornaments, and the flowers and birds on the walls-"were so deeply cut in cameo .that they completely stood away from the back ground. Of course this building was even more exquisitely neat and clean than the former, and the soft twilight shade in which we saw all, threw a deli cate beauty over all, which was most fascinating. This was the last of the buildings that we saw, as we found from Captain T that they were the best worth seeing. - We were sorry not to have time to. visit a temple in another part of the town, which Captain T— described to us. The principal thing it contains is the wooden figure of a god, much worshipped by the "Japs, for its cure of bodily ailments. The recipe is to rub'that part of the figure which corres ponds to the afflicted portion of your own body. The head and stomach seem to be very troublesome to. the poor Japs, for both are quite brilliant with the friction they have received, and the face is quite flat, the nose and chin having been gradually rubbed away. On our return from the temple we tried to find some book-shops, but were unsuccessful, and so returned home by train, and were rattled up to the door in our jin-rick shaws just in time for an hour's quiet rest before dressing for the 7.30 dinner. After dinner our kind host accompanied - us in his boat across to the " Japan,5' where we had a quiet night5s rest, and at 5 a.m. were roused by the bustle atten dant upon our departure for Hongkong.. (To he continued.) 