5? K7 The business brought before the Police Oou. . on Saturday morning occupied very little time, James Jordan, a laborer, charged with using indecent language, had to pay £2; and Catherine Johnson, an old offender, for a similar offence was fined 10s, The last-named defendant was also fined 103, for drunkenness. .While the first overture was being playt-1 at the entertainment held on Friday evening in connection with the opening of the Mount Barker Institute, two keroslne lamps that were on the piano fell, in oonsequencs of a block placed beneath the instrument giving way. There was some excitement for a short time, but the flames caused by the accident were speedily subdued, and before any damage was done. The rainfall botween 9 a.m. on Friday and the same hour on Saturday, September 11, Is registered as follows:— Adelaide ... 0 020 "Willnnga .. 0*100 Norjnauville ... 0 045 Port Elliot 0*022 Sfcrathalbyn ... 0 010 The following is Saturday morning's i weather report on the Adelaide and Port Darwin telegraph lino: — Ueltana, overcast, raining, rain 0 060; Strang way a Springa, cloudy, threatening, little rain in night, rain 0*159; Peake, cloudy, cold, raining; Char lotte Waters, overcast, threatening; Alice Springs, fine, clear, cool; Barrow Creek, fine, clear, pleasant; Tennaut Creek, fine, clear, cool; Powell Creek, fine, clear, pleasant; Daly Waters, fine, clear; River Katharine, hazy, very fine; Pine Creek, olear, cool, pleasant; Yarn Creek, cool, pleasant; Southpori, fice, clear, warm; Port Darwin, cloudy. The new Institute at Mount Barker was formally opened by the Hon. J. Dunn, M.L.O., on Friday. A picnic was held in the afternoon, followed in the evening by a tea meeting and an entertainment, which were largely attended. The proceeds of the picnic, tea, and entertainment amounted to £60, re ducing the debt on the building to £270. The evening's entertainment, which included Mr. W. Townsend, M.P.'s, popular lecture od "Lights and Shadows of London Life" was a. great success. A special meeting of the City Council was held, on Friday, to take action on the charges laid against the City Surveyor. Afior a long discussion, it was decided, on the motion of Councillor Stacy,' seconded by Councillor Johnson, to submit the matter to the arbitra tion of tbe jthree last Mayors of the City— Messrs. Mlott, Bartels, and Solomon. A telegram has been received from the Mid-Moonta Mine, stating that in driving north at the 15-fathom level, a fine lode of yellow and black ore has been eut. The services in connection with the anniversary of St. Andrew's Church, Wakefield street, are to be begun to-morrow, when ser mons will be preached by the Kcvs. J. L. Par sons and J. Ji-fEoris, LL.B. Services, connected with the opening of the new schoolroom of Clayton Church, Ken sington, will be commenced to-morrow. Ser mons are to be preached by the Revs, J. JefEerlo, LL.B., C. B. Symes, B.&., and T. Hope. The death of Mr. D. Shannon, J.P., a well-known resident in tho neighborhood of Kapunda, is reported by our Kapunda corre spondent. The deceased gentleman, was a very old colonist, and had earned tho respect of a wide circle of friends. It is only a short time ago that his brother, Mr. Abraham Shannon, J.P., died. At a meeting of the shareholders in the I'ortFiiie Wharf Company, held at Mf.-sass. Giles & Smith's office, Pirie-streat, cn Friday afternoon, September 10, the memorandum and articles of association were considered and adopted. Messrs. J. Bickers, D. Bower, J. F. Wigley, Jno. Wood, and Jas. Smith were appointed Directors. Mr. Hall, formerly Manager for the Talunga Gold Mining Company, brought some fine little nugget3 down from tho old itchunga / diggings a day or two ago. He states that he ] got them from a reof which he has discovered in a locality where it was long suspected to exist, Ono of the nuggets weighed rather over half au ounce, and two others' about 12 dwts. On Tuesday evening, September 7, Messrs. Scrymgour & Sons, successors to Messrs. Gall & Sheridan, printers, entertained their office hands, with a number of lady friends, in the Town . Hall refreshment'room. A very pleasant evening was spent. Mr.' D. Gall, during the evening, proposed " Success to the New Firm," wbioh was responded to by Mr. G. Scrymgour, sen. "Many of our readers will doubtless regret to bear," writes the Bunyip, "of the. death of Mr, Thomas Glen, a son-in-law of Mr. James Pile, of Gawler. It will be remembered that the decoasod gentleman accompanied the late John McKinlay in several of his journeys in the interior, including that to the Northern Territory. Mr. Glc-n will be greatly missed, as his geniality had rendered him a general favo rite." A meeting was hold at the Port Ade laide Institute on Wednesday evening,' Sep tember. 8, to elect a teacher for the Tonic Sol-Fa Singing Class, lately formed. Ont of several applicants it was decided to engage the services of Mrs. Geo. Francis, .of Adelaide. The class is to be conducted in Mr. King's schoolroom on Monday evenings. Between 30 and 40 ladies and gentleman hava alroady joined Ithe class, A. meeting of the United Tradesmen's Cricket Club was held at the Lord Melbourne Hotel, North Adelaide, on Wednesday evening, September 8, Mr. E. Keedman occupying tbe chair, Satisfaction was exp' eased at ohe finan cial position of the Club. Mr. W. IT. Beagle hoie wa3 elected President, Mr. T. Bruce Vice President, Mr. J. Nottage Treasurer, Mr. W. H. Hillier Secretary; and the following were chosen a Committee—Messrs. 15. Recdman, Hy. Packer, G. Brown, A. Payne, and T. Goodenough. On Friday: evening, one of the late representatives of Yatela, Mr. I>. Clyde, was entertained at dinner at the Smithfield Hotel. There.were about 50 gentlemen present. The chair was occupied by tho Hon, T. Hogarth, M.L.O., and the company included members of Parliament and influential residents of the District of Yatala. In addition to the loyal toasts, the sentiments were " The Parliament," "The Guest of the Evening," "The Late Ministry," and " The Unity and Prosperity of the British Empire." The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court will commence on Tuesday next. The calendar is not so heavy as the last, and it is probable that the Sittings will not occupy more than five or six days. There are 32 eases set down for trial, which summarised are as follow:—Forgery, 7; larceny, 9; attempt to commit a rape, 1; false pretences, 2; common assault, 1; aggravated assault, 2 ; embezzle ment, 2; concealment of birth, 1 ; horse stealing, 1; sending explosive substance with intent, 1; and pei jury, 5. We have received the reports of the Victorian Mining Surveyors and Registrars for the quarter ending June 30. The quantity of gold raised in Victoria during the three months was 257,641 ozs. 13 dwt3,, of which, 105,509 ozs. 12 dwts. was alluvial, and the remainder from quartz. The following figures show the busi ness done at the Melbourne branch of the Royal Mint:—Received, gross weight of rough gold, 9,811*71 ozs,; do., bullion, 83,627*10 cz-s. Issued, gross weight of coin, 106,835*40 ozs. ; bullion, 756,949 ozs. Of tho precious metal received, 6,171*30 ozs. of rough gold, and 67,693'02 of bullion were Victorian produce. A serious accident occurred at the Port Adelaide Railway terminus on Friday after noon, September 10, One of the porters, Robert Nolan, a young man, who came to the colony in tho Hesperides, was in the act of un locking tho carriage doors as the 3.20 train wa3 coming alongside the platform, when ho fell be tween the platform and the train, and being caught by the long projecting step, was carried along for some distance and terribly crushed, His screams were fearful, and brought many persons to his assistance as soon as the train stopped. Surgical aid was procured, and Dr, Mortimer directed the removal of the sufferer to the Adelaide Hospital, where he was ad mitted. Signor de Vivo arrived by the Aldi to make arrangements for the visit of the wo renowned Hangarian songster, Mdlle. Ilmi Murska, to this city. He has engaged Whi Rooms, where the Prima Donna will comme a series of oi merts on Saturday evening n assisted by tngnor Su-ini, bass singer, Sig Oarmini Morley, tenor, -ignor Giammi flutiato, Messrs. < barleB E Trait, and Acderi pianists. Mdlle. de Murska has come them colonies with a European repu-a of the highest order, and in Melbourne and Sydney her poformances have excited the most enthusiastic admiration among lovers of music ; in fact, no predecessor in her art has ever;created such a sensation. For weeks she drew crowded houses, hundreds on some nights being obliged to go away, unable to obtain admission. We refer guv readers to the advertisement in another column announcing hor approaohing anival, The annual meeting of the South Aus tralian Cricket Olub was held at the Prince Alfred Hotel, King William street, on Friday afternoon, September 10. Mr. 15. M. Ashwin occupied the chair. There was a moderate at tendance of members. Eight now members were elected. The financial position of the Olub was shown to be satisfactory, there being a credit balanco of £39 14s. The following officers were electod for the ensuing year Patron, His Excellency the Governor, A. Mus grave, Esq., O.M.G. ; President, His Honor Mr. Justice Gwynnej Vice-President, Sir H. Ayers, O.M.G.; Secretary and Treasurer, Mr. A. E. Ayers; Captain, Mr, A. R. Lungley ; Committee—Messrs. T. Fenn, M. .Giles, and J. W. Canaway; Association Delegates— Messrs. F. Ayers, J. Morphett, and E. M. Ashwin. It was resolved that pewters should be presented to the best average batter and bowler for the season, A vote of thanks to the retiring officers and the . Chairman closed the meeting. A serious accident, • resulting from playing with blasting powder, occurred at the Moonta Mines, ou Monday, Ssptember 6, to a little boy named S. Cartbew, aged 11 years, Bon of Mr. T. Carthew, miuer. The local paper reports that "a lad named Richards obtained some blasting powder, and went in to Carthew's yard to engage in a game known among the lads by tho classic description of ' blue devil.' The inverted top of a. powder canister, con taining an ounce or two' of powder, was placed on the ground, and a bit of burning wood thrown in it to explode it. The powder, how ever, not immediately igniting, Richards told his companion—who was about two years the other's junior—to blow it. Carthew unfortu nately did as he was told, and the powder ex ploded full in hia face. To make matters worse, Richards snatched up the lad and dipped his head in a bucket oi water. Dr. Elphick was soon in attendance, and although it was feared for a time that Carthew -would lose his eye sight, he is now in a fair way of recovery." On Thursday night, September 9, a fire was discovered on board the ketch Capella, lying at the Queen's Wharf, Port Adelaide, but it was fortunately mastered before much mis chief was done. The discovery was made by one of the seamen, who, after spending the evening on Bhore, proceeded to the vessel to go to bed, On opening the companion of the fore castle, he found Lhe place filled with smoke, and the admission of air speedily revealed the fire in one of the berths. He gave an alarm, and the mate of the barque Ooorong, which was lying alongside, at once rendered valuable assistance. Sergeant Doyle and some constables also speedily responded to the call, and the fire was extinguished. Tho damage wa3 confined to the berth, the bedding and some of the wood work being burnt. It is presumed that the fire originated through some carelessness with pipe or lucifers, but of this there is no evidence. The Capella is not insured, and the owners do not consider an enquiry necessary. We may mention that on the alarm being given the Deputy Superintendent of Fire Brigade with No. 1 Reel was soon in attendance, but the hose was not required. "Struck Oil" was played again at the Royal on Friday evening, to a good house, and well received. To-night it will be repeated for the last time. On Thursday evening, September 9, a highly successful entertainment, attended by over 200 persons, wa3 given in the. Bible Christian Church, Bowden. The proceedings opened with prayer, after which, Mr'. A. Puddy, whose superior playing is well known, gave evidence of hla ability in the performance on thehaimoninm of the Pastorale with the two introductory movements from Coreili's 8 th Cone >rto, and the March from " Himrnel." The Chairman, Mr. W. Dymont, after making an appropriate address, called on Bliss ii. Keen for the solo "Chime again," which was well rendered and evoked loud applause. The chorus " Rejoico in the Lord" having been sung, the Rc-v. J. Hancock delivered his lecture on " Daniel's vision of the four beasts which came out ef the great sea while disturbed by the four winds of heaven." The rev. gentle man, who occupied over an hour, waa listened to with marked attention—the lecturo being instructive and interesting. The.solo "Little Footsteps" by Mr. J. Coombe, the duets " Charity" by the Mioses Hancock, and " Tho Lako" by Mr. J, and Miss M. J. Coombe—the latter of which was by request repeated—de lighted the audience. The Consecration Hymn from " Song Life," snug as a solo and quar tette, was also much admired ; and the motett j " Glory be to God in the highest," chorus, " Hearken unto me," and doxology " To Father, Son, and Holy Ghost" from Campbell's selection of anthem3 were admirably rendered by the choir and friends. Mr. A. Puddy pre sided at the harmonium in the solos and duets, and Mr. B. Gould in the choruses, Mr. Puddy conducting. Votes of thanks to the Chairman, Lecturer, and singers terminated an enjoyable entertainment. At the request of a large por tion of the audience the musical programme will, according to an advertisement elsewhere, bs repeated on Monday evening next, when tho Rev. Mr. Hancock will deliver a lecture on "The life and labors of PauL" The Rev. Charles Clark gave his lecture on " The Tower of London" for the second time to an Adelaide audience at the Town Hall on Friday evening, September 10. There was a large and an enthusiastic audience, the body of the hall and the gallery, except in some parts, being well filled. The rev, gentleman met with a warm reception, and every word that fell from his lip3 was listened to with rapt attention by the audience. The disadvantage under which Mr. Clark labored on his. first appearance, through the absence of tho views of the Tower, by which his subject is illustrated, was no longer felt, the paintings having boon erected in a conspicuous position over the platform. They consist of a Bdo, well- executed view of the Tower of London, and _ a small ground-plan of the whole building, showing all its in teresting points. Both are from tho brush of the artist of the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, Mr. Grisr. The larger painting is an undoubted work of art, giving, wo believe, a correct as well as a graphic representation of the classic pile whose varied and tragic history forms, the theme of the rev. gentleman's observations. The lecture, we need hardly say, was a success, and the hushed attention, broken only by bursfs of applause, which per vaded the hall, showed how great is the command which Mr. Clark can exercise over an audience. The rev. gentleman handles his subject in a masterly manner. He is a man of sense as well as a rhetorician; and the j matter of his lecture Is by no_ means inferior | to the manner of its delivery. His language isre fined and poetical; ana his descriptions are vivid and picture?que. The poetry of thG past loses none of its be mty in his hands, and the occa sional flashes of wit and irony with which he lightens up his lecture serve effectually to prevent any possible monotony. .Mr. Clark, in addition to these accomplishments, porsesse* an easy presence and a good delivery—his clear tenor voice ringing out with fine effect. The latter advantage was made more particularly noticeable on Friday evening, owing to the acoustic properties of the hall having been im proved by the hanging scenes. An additional advantage was secured by the improved lighting of the hall, the lamps on the platform being shaded so as not to affect the 6yes while watch-1 ing the actions of the lecturer. To-night the lecture will be repeated, and we would recom mend all those who have not yet enjoyed the pleasure of hearing Mr. Clark to take an early oppoitunity of doing so. One special feature of the programme will be the recitation of Tennyson's famous poem on the " Death of Wellington," 