PUBLIC AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE BOYAL. After the retirement of Little Nell, " The Tioket-of-Leave Man" was played eaoh evening up to Wednesday inclusive, and tbat it was well played those who bad previously seen its performance by the Ro.val company need not be told. A better Hawkshaw tban Mr. Dampier we neither have had nor could have, and of Mr. Harwood's Melter Moss it is unnecessary to say a word. Miss Carey played her old part of Alice May with an diminished success, and Mr. Appleton as Bob Brierly, Mr. O'Brien as Jim Dalton, Mr. Greville as Green Jones, Miss Jenny Bryce as Sam Willoughby, Mrs. Bryer as Emilie St. Evremond, and Miss Doey Stewart as Mrs. Willoughby, all afforded the utmost satisfacfaction in their respective parts. -Indeed, the piece in every particular was played with a completeness and finish which ma.ie an impression most favourable to the company and the management. The theatre has been closed Bince Wednesday eveniDg, and will hot re open till Boxing night, when the pantomime season will commence. THE OPERA HOUSE. There has been a nigbtly change of programme sinoe Saturday. " The Lily of Killirney," " Maritana," " La Julie Parfumetise," and " Girofle-Girofla" have followed each other in the order mentioned. Notwithstanding the very hot weather, the attendance was good each evening. " La Periohole" was announced for Friday evening, and a grand concert of sacred music for Christmas night. ST. GEORGE'S HALL. The Fakir has returned, and more wonderful things than he has yet produced are promised. Amongst these wonders is a Ghost Illusion, Spectral Charivari, or High Jinks in Spirit Land, and Pictorial Remi. iscences of the Fakir himself. Dr. Sylvester was to reappear on Christmas Eve. THE second reading of the Land Bill was being discussed in-the Legislative Council when we went to press for tnis edition. To show what may happen to a magistrate in Victoria, Mr. Lane, P.M., at a recent meeting of the Belfast Licensing Bench, read a document, of which the following is a copy, verbatim, et literatim. It was addressed Mr. Lane, P.M., Belfast:—" Notice— If >ou or Chambers or Gray opose Fitzgerald's lisense death, will, be your doom, bave sense in time. You will be shot like dogs." Mr. Lane remarked that personally he had no fear, nor would it influence the bench in any way. The letter was then handed to the police. THE Police Gazette contains a notification that two men had deserted from H.M.S. Dido when the vessel was in Hob -on's Bay, and no less than 25 from H.M.S. Pearl. AT the sittings of the Equity Court, probate has been granted to tbe will of Mr. David Hilton, of Mount Rouse, whose property was sworn at £52,000, and to that of Mr. Charles Williamson, the amount of his estate being £36,000. THE Exhibition of the Schools of Design was brought to a close yesterday aftfrnoon by a public meeting, at which his Excellency Sir W. F. Stawell presided and distributed the prizes to t'ie successful students. MR. THOMAS PAGE, proprietor of the Tarnagulla Courier, died on Wednesday, at Dunolly. A CASE of snakebite was (says the Ballarat Courier) successfully treated on Wednesday by Dr. Nicholson, by the injection of ammonia. About eight o'clock in the morning, a girl named Margaret Cleary was in her -father's field, in Bangaree, when she was bitten by a snake. Her father was olose at hand at the time, and promptly excised the part above the wrist, where tbe bite had been made, and soon afterwards set out with her for Ballarat. On the way he procured half a pint of brandy, which he gave to his daughter at intervals, and arrived at Dr. Nicholson's surgery about eleven o'clock. The doctor at once injected ammonia, and in the afternoon the patient had sufficiently recovered to be able to leave for home. CHBISTKAS DAY will be observed as Sunday at all post and telegraph offices. No mails will be despatched. On Boxing Day all post and telegraph offices will be closed at 10 a.m. The first delivery only by lettercarriers will he effected. Mails will be" received and despatched as usual. Telegraph Offices will be opened, from 8.30 a.m., to 10 a.m., and from'6 p.m. to 7 p.m. AN »ccident, which nearly caused the death of- more than one person, ooourred off St. Zilda oA Wednesday. A. gentleman took two iaditoe and «4ittle boy out for a sail in a small orate. iThe wind wa* at first light, but alter ihe sarty had; bsen out for ».»short time it blairrmore One of the .ladies steered, Add the boat-was kept well 4o the wind, bnt a sudden gust. befora the arrival of whion it I was impossible to let go the sheet, sent tha boat over, and, as a matter of: coarse, thoss in it were soon battling with tbe wates. Tha gentleman succeeded in giving the little boy and one of the ladies a grip of the boat's side, while tbe other lady, who could swim, paddled about for a while, And afterwards caugbt. hold of a floating oar. The party were resoued by Mr. Durham Nicholson and his son, and Mr. Trewalla, who put off from Kenny's bathing ship, where their boats are kept. The capsiz"d boat was afterwards recovered. Great credit is due to the gentlemen who rendered assistance for their promptitude. THE Omnibus Company disinfeot their vehicles running on the principal suburban line?. Mr. Joseph Sullivan is specially engaged supervising the syBtem adopted. DUBIMO the proceedings of the Insolvent Court, on Wednesday, his Honour Judge Noel sentenced an insolvent named James O'Dea, public*", Emerald Hill, to twentyfour hours' imprisonment for prevarication. A witness in the estate of Michael Clancy, when called upon to give evidence, was in a state of intoxication, and his Honour ordered him to be imprisoned for twentyfour hours, but before the commitment could be made out he forced hia way oui. of court, and escaped. A warrant was issued for his apprehension, M'CCLLOCH, CAMPBELL AND CO., sold on Thursday the bootlis for the Hiberninn Fete, New Year's Day, to be held at Emerald Hill, as follows:—No. 1, O'Brien, Victoria Hotel, Webb-street, Fitzroy, £18 ; No. 2, Kavanagh, Council Club, Emerald Hill, £15 ; No. 3. T. Walsh, Wexford Arms, Emerald Hill, £15. A CONVICT, named Charles Stanleigh, aged 24 years, effected his escape from the penal establishment at the WiUiamstown batteries about half paet 5 o'clock on Wednesday after, noon. The escapee returned from his work at the usunl hour that evening, and was misBed in about half an hour afterwards, when the prisoners we re being mustered. 