NEWS BY THE MA3D. Via Sue2. eVglkh And foeeign. Prince Bismarck has gone to Laden - Kiirg. Conht Moltke has also left Berlin on^leave for the summer monthB. The North German &vzelie; eays that no per son pending letters to Prince Bismarck ddring bis absence from Berlin need .ex 'pect iany answer, , or even acknowledg ment. . An indictment has been drawn tfp'against the Catholic society of Berlin in 'connection with Kullman's attempt - to assassinate Prince Bisnfkrcfe, and €he irial . will . !probably~ take place next .inonth. , A relative of the late Arch bishop of Po8eri, recently arrested : at Cractfiv on snspecion of being, implicated a, .plo.t„ against tbejife of Prince .Bis marck and that of the Minister of Pub lic worship, has been handed over to the Prussian ail tho'ritieS} -ah2 is noW awaiting his trial at Berlin. t ^Mr. Tennyson haSj it is stated:, at last se'nt to the press the drama which he h/is had so long on hand. It is entitled 'Qneen Mary : a Drams,' and embraces We life of Mary Tudor from Tier accession to he'r death, together with the 'chief scenes in her reign. Tbe Atheneeum slatek that it is pro posed to celaridaj- and pablish the records of the Scotch Private Oouncil from the beginning of Queen Mary's reign db#n to the Vbion. it lias -been 'decided that tile BJdihburgh memor'iat ,to the -late Mr. Adam Black', the ^publisher, is . to t4ke the form of a statue.', to . .be . erected «ither in the old or new toWi}. , | ' in the Royal Library it Berlin a collection h'4s been formed of books, newspapers', paintings', sketches', and sculptures relating to . the t Franco - Prussian War. ' The Battle of Dorking' is included in the collection. 'Captain Boytoh's life savine apparatus though fall deserving it? tltle^ labours at present under toe disadvantage of be ing nearly a6 costly as a costume by Worth.. Thi6 objection may perhaps be removed in time', but meanwhile a simple and easily available ^ife preserver tas, according;, tb tte Scot&hah; been . intro duced.to the notice of .shipping an'd emi gration agencies, in Glasgow. The pre server consists of'two pillows, bf prepare corkwood, with an qpper padding bf hair, covered with ma' tress tick. . The pillows are atlached /to each other in stibh a manner fthat when about tb be used they bin be placed oheon the back andtheother on the chest, and tied, the head and shoulders , beirig . thus kept, above the water. They liaVe 'been tested, and the two have been, fotrncl capable of support ing amanof twenty stone breast high; T he pillows can be made useful as articles of bedding during the passage', and every passenger can in a few minutes' notice j of danger put. them tb use as lifepre servers'. .*? .A new attraction has just arrived which bids fair .to cast the performances of Moody and Sankey into the shade. l'his is ' Minos;' who, after having made the toiir of Europe and shown off his accomplishments tb nearly all its Crowned heids, has come to London as £ candidate lor. the favor of fashion. ' Minos' is a dogj but his so'id acquire ments not to . speak of his accomplish ments, are such a§ to suggest the doubt whether it would hot pay better to edubate dogs than children. Let the school boards look to their Jaurels. This wohderfdl animal, we are told, ' by. means of, a double alphabet of square letters, writes words ; he also displays his: thoroderii efficiency in the four first rilles in. arithmetic ^ addition,' Bubtraction, muitiplicitiorf attd;^dtHsioo.; - If all tales are trlle, but few of the children who re ceive compulsory , education leave school able ib do asmiicli. We fear^ Howevtt that there- is Boniething uncanny, about the sagacity bf ' Minos,' for he is, it seems, able to trace a likeness between photographs arid the subjects they, have been takeri. from. . Further his sleight of hand equals, if it does, not surpass, that of the most expert conjuror.' The New Prayer Book.— Archdeacon Lee has received and published letters — ? lone froni Dr. Paseyj the other front | Canon Liddon — approving, of his disre I gard. of the Irish Church. Synod and his 1 endeavor to found a Church jn. which the old Prayer-book shall be retained. . Dr.. Pusey compares the prbceedjngs( of the Synod to the 'Arian attempts tb snpplant the Nicene Creed by .creeds of their even, which should convey to the ear something; sounding like the trutKj but ih fant deny ing it. Dr. Pusey writes I cannot but hope that your good Archbishop (Trench) must, when the. time seems to him. to be come,' repudiated the new PrayeF-bbok, 'with its disingenuous inter pretation, and must officiate according to. the old rite. Still the bugbear which, frightens , people and- hinders their looking at the evil of these changes in ithe face is the dread of schism, as if this dishonest Prayer-book were not in itself schismatic ahd the instrument of schism. X tihrnlr tiling that ^our-movement is right to show .Churchmen, -that if this faith destroying Prayer-bbbk is insisted upon the schism which they dread is inevit able.' Canon Liddon 'writes that the ; foundation of such a church as that pro 1 posed by Archbishop Lee seems to be, under the present circumstances desirable. 'If events should show that, in conse quence of the action of the Irish ?' Synod' (so to term a mixed conference of clergy men and laymen), the old Church of Ireland is indeed lost as a witness to primitive truth, this new foundation would serve as a point of departure for a new organization. If, on the other hand, as we must still hope and pray, the evil spirits of Puritanism and unbelief will Eventually leave her, and she would re turn to the complete inheritance of faith and worship, which -has so long bound: her to the Church of England, the new ' building and foundation might be a use ful addition to her resources. Mean while I am thankful to know that Irish laymen are withdrawing support from a -body which does not longer publicly con fess it to be necessary tb eternal salva tion that a man should believe rightly in the incarnation of our Lord Jesus Christ, and you will, I hope, allow me to express to you the deep reverence I feel for your consistent, refusal to . take part or lot in the degradation, if it be not the ruin, of a great historical Church-' Dr. Pusey promises £50 and Canon liddon -£100 towards the Archdeacon's new church. — Pall MaU Gazette. , , Spibitualisu: in Russia. — The St. Petersburg borrespondent- of the Journal des Debate says...that there is a great .mania for spiritualist manifestations in that city just now, and that 'the pbjpu laiity of Home is far exceeded by that which a Frenchman named Brediffe at present enjoys. Home was looked upon as sorhbthing of! a dilettante, for he. only held his seances in those houses to which he was an invited guest,, whereas - .M. Brediffe is always ready tb '. manifest*' at the rate pf three -roubles per head to a company not exceeding ten persons. As plenty bf persons are willing to pay three ^roubles' on the chanGe of seeing spiiitgj he does a very -flourishing trade. The correspondent of the Dehats. says that among the believers in M. Brediffe are several professors of science, one of whom, M. Wagner, has published his profession bf faith in the last nuihber of the Euro pean Messenoer. . This , declaration, ajP' ipearing in a magazine that has so niuch influence in Russian society, created . a ' great impression, but so far only two journals have made any effort to refute M. Wagner's tatements. _ The correspon ' dent adds that, ridiculous as the preten sions of the, Spmtualists .are, it is none the less to -be regretted that their doc trines - should find acceptance with men of intellect, for. it happens that, at this vejy time, the Government is endeavor ing to put down the fortune tellers, and 'to. root out the popular belief in wood demons,, ghosts, ghouls, &c.; r , The Roman con^spohdeht of the Daily News, quotes from the Osservatore Raniano aji- article in which thai journal reads the Prince -of Wales a severe lesson for ac cepting the Grand Mastership of the English- ? Freemasons. - It ascribes the dbwnfall.of Charles X.. Louis Phillippe, 'and Louis Napoleon to their connection, with the craft, 'and implores the Prince to take warning before it is too late. ? 