JSEWS AND NOTES. The Ifewstead Council's monthly sitting was held on. Monday. . Cr. E. Slee in the chair—a letter from - Mr Pedler was read, calling attention to the dangerous state of the road by Tomlinson's to the Loddon, and the surveyor was instructed to report thereon. <The treasurer had received £879 19s jSd, and paid out £895 lis 4d, daring the month; The overdraft at the resent, time' amounts to £9,366 3s fid. Plie Pound receipts only amount to .one guinea; The Herdsman reported three horses running on the. Commons, and enquired what he wonld do with them ; the Council ordered them to be impounded. One would imagine the herdsman" was very "green." Cr Menzie would be very hard on ratepayers as bethought a person ought only be appointed to leave the assessment paper,, and the ratepapers be obliged to come to pay the rates withont further call. He however found no other Councillor of his opinion. We were • in hopes of noticing at least one Councillor moving' in the matter of the wretched state of the road : . between Newstead .and Maldon, especially at the Bay ;of Biscay, near the boundanes of the shiees,- and between the two last pieces of made road' before getting to Newstead 'from MakJon. The state of the two places re? ierred to are really outrageous for civilisation. There is now only, one bad piece in die Maldon Shire—near Krsns'e, but it is not a patch on the abominations within the NewsteadShire. W^e knbwsereral parties who ^declined the Journey "to the 'pigeon match" at Mark's; last week,' through the dangers on the'roa4- The ratepayers of Sandy , Creek division w^ht Captain Morris again in the Council. The mahuger of the Cen tral Co. reports as follows .-^-Llst. week 31 tons . were crushed lor. 40oz retorted gold, this includes sand from last .crushing.. :Very good stone" has been-got in the shafc iwhtch - has ' been sunk 2 feet for the fortnight, 'from* which stopes are being carried north, Bhowing' payable gold. In.the winzethe stone'Tooksvery. welL .. In "the south drive we. yesterday struck another ran of gold, S3 . feet from the shaft, - showing: very veil, to day- the stone looks, better. Another kUn js being carted away, which we expect will go 2oz. The Ringing Pilgrim will sing sacred songs and melodies at the Temperance Hall, this evening, and is bound. to have a crowded house. - It will be' remembered, our »Volunteer Fire Brigade showed up quite smart at the grand demonstration in Melbonrne last year, and from the manner in which the members are doing practice, they will very assuredly render a good account of themselves at the review at Sandhurst on the Queen's birthday. The Brigade has recently laid in a stock of new and improved implements, [including a splendid- hose reel, and this at the members own expense, They, it" appears, reqnire some other requisites to stand A-1. The Council on the occasion "(if the Brigade going to Melbourne, voted £10 to help to reimburse the extra outlay, and for the credit of Maldon, we should not like them to go away short of anything, and we have not the slightest doubt, the Council will be of the same opinion. The ratepayers will not begrudge a similar sum as that voted last year. The preliminary arrangements for the forthcoming bazaar to be held at the Masonic Hall, are going on flourishingly. The opening day is positively decided on as the 19th inst., and our member, the hon. J. Service, with (true gallantry to the ladies, has consented to come up at the' opening ceremony. A rifle competition will take place at the 'Springs butts on Saturday hextj >; between 12 members of the 1st CaStlemanie corps, and 13 of the 2nd corps—Maldon vEyneton. The latter will send three men. and " our own" supply nine, to be chosen this evening from the following—Quartermaster Lieut. Page, Sergts. Harding and McFarlane, Corpl. Pearce, Privates Han nay, Peard, South, Davison, Wilson, Young, T- Robertson, W. Robertson, Moon, and Mills. The firing is to commence at 9 a.m. On Friday evening last a land selector, who was travelling with a small flock of sheep from the neighborhood ot Strangways northward, had arrived as far as the railway fence crossing die road near to Eyd. and Mackie's mill, when by some me&ns; they strayed through the fence on to the line ; here they wandered tiil they reached the arches behind Mr Stewart's farm. At this moment the 0.55 p.m. train from Maryborough dashed through the mob, cutting them down like a knife—a greater slaughter was never committed in so short a time. Finding some obstruction, the driver stopped the train, an examination was made of tlie line, aod a most extraordinary scene presented itself. Forty six animals had been killed outright, some cut in twain, others quartered, some with thai* heads off, some only half-cat, and singularly enough two standing in the midst -bolt upright uninjured, although the whoie train must have ised over them. The ballasting was covered with torn pieces of wool for some distance. Four other sheep' were -subsequently found much injured.—-The loss will be pretty considerable to the owner.—Mail. The- Union Company's crushing plan 1 being now in full swing, gives a better tone to our milling industry. The partial washing uff on Saturday gave 78 oz 8 dwt of auialgan?. There, is nothing fresh .to report of tlie mine. The contractors have-commenced cross-cutting for the reef from the shaft at 700 feet f.um the surface. Where the reef was last seen it will probably take from 30 to 40 feet driving to cut it. At the Limited Co., the blind shaft is being sunk with all expedition on most encoura<rin u ' stone. The contractors for the main shaft are preparing for sinking. Oh "the shallow reef, Haywood & Co are getting payable stone. Last week a crushing at Pollards of 13 tons yielded 1 oz 4 dwt per ton. Uickards <fc Co., will crush next week. Ttie Pioneer Go's contractors have sunk through the floor, and are squaring up- It is intended to sink 15 feet further, and then drive, tor the reef. Things are on the whole improving with the Wattle Gully Co., and several tribute parties are getting fair prospects. The " Hard Struggle" party tried a tew tons of stuff met with in sinking, which yieWe.l a few pennyweights per t in. There is no change at the Speculation. Jarvis & Co's. tribute at the Alliance, had * trial crushing of 19 tons, for an average of 8dwts per ton. 1 he deep drive at the iSew Enterprise, is in splendid blue and black metal, and it somewhat astonishes those who ought to know something about Nnggetty reef, that there is no gold as vet. Every shot may tell a different tale. Things, are very encouraging at the North E. H. United, and a crushing going on." The Linscott's Co. have a crushing- at Pollard's. There is nothing new in the deep ground of the Beehive. The tributors about the surface are going ahead pecuniarily well j three crush in gs were finished up to Monday, viz., Cooper A Co, 6 tons for 4oz 9dwt; Phillips &. Co., 8 tons for 8oz 6grs; and Perriam <£ Co., 7 tons for 8oz 8dwt melted gold. There are three tribute porties at work on the Cymru Co's. claim, Beehive reef. Neweli & Go. tried 6 tons, from a' depth of 250 feet, for 4oe 7dwts. " Hill & Co., Grand Junction claim, crushed 3 tons for 3oz 8dwt : 18grs. ' ' Should the weather hold fair this afternoon, there is likely to be'a gtteat muster at the shooting matches to take place at-Way's Junction Hotel, In addition 1 to ; the- halfguinea sweepstake, the local felnbwill hold its quarterly meeting, and besides, there wilj be a muff match, open to all muffs, jnclnding the NewBtead victor. •Webope the members of the Volunteer Corps,' will not forget to fall in .at i o'clock sharp, on Friday afternoon, on the occasion of . the official inspection by Colonel Anderson. Should the weather turn out .unfavorable, the parade will take place in the capacious orderly Tdom. . • The undermentioned unpaid accounts are lying at the Treasury:—G. Fingland, tt. Nankivell, and Ronnfeldt Bros. JChot good-old B|iip Great -Britain sailed away -" on • Saturday -morning from the heads, taking, , ov'fer 400 passengers. Since bang in the hands of the great Liverpool. firm, of Gtbb, : Bright Co.; she has kept her place as " Pride of the Ocean." Long may the good old ship continue to make an appearance in these waters. The Bank of New South Wales has declared-a divjdeud pf l71 per cent, after adding £30,000 to the reserve fand. Perhaps the management with large heartedness will now relax the "screw" put upon «ur mining industry. • . The Guardian states, the reported dismissal of Mr.- Bentley, manager of the bank of New South Wales at Beechworth, created a painful sensation in Kyneton. Mr. Bentley was formerly accountant and fbr some time acting-manager of the Kynetoh branch, and it was known that he had been selected to fill the position of manager here, in the room of Mr. Gowle, recently removed to Wangaratta. It was, indeed, his appointment to Eyneton that led to the discovery of the transactions which have resulted in his dismissal. The facts of this very painful case we believe to be as follow :—Mr. Bentley was greatly esteemed in the Beechworth district, and partly from his position as bank manager, partly from the great confidence felt in him, several sums of money were entrusted to niin for investment. Some of these moneys were lent upon "inadeanate security and were lost. Tn order to shield the clients who had trusted him from loss Mr. Bentley appears to have operated upon the accounts of some of the customers of the bank, hoping, as usual in such caseej to make good the deficiencies before ihey were discovered. In order to carry out this plan Mr Bentley had to take into his confidence the accountant, Mr. Hughes, aDd he soon afterwards ascertained that, his accomplice had himself committed certain irregularities, which, of course, he was obliged to conceal." "Matters remained in .this, position till Mr. Bentley was ordered to hold himself in readiness to remove ro ivyneton, and knowing that concealment was no longer possible, he wrote to the General Manager in Melbourne and made a clean breast of the whole affair. The result was an investigation, followed by the dismissal of Mr. Bentley and bis subordinate, Mr. Hughes. Mr. Bentley had been for fifteen yeare in the service of the Bank, and before coming to this colony he was employed in the Bank of England. It was decided in the Kyneton Police Court yesterday, that a working shareholder in a co-operative mining company, cannot recover wages from his co-partners under the Jostices Statute. An attempt was made to show that the English authorities cited in support of this view bad been overruled by decisions ot the Chiet Judge of the Court of Mines in Victoria ; but the Bench held that these decisions' only applied to suits under the Mining Statute, and dismissed the case. We (ReprexenMite), don't have many ghost stories in our neighbourhood, but we have one in Taradale. An elderly man who fulfils several functions, one of the principal being that of grave digger in ordinary has seen the unearthly visita .t. A short time ago he had two graves to dig, and in the afternoon had also to boil the kettles fbr s teafi^ht. In order to accomplish both tasks, he rose shortly after the witching hour of night, and reached the cemetery at 3 a.m., and commenced his work. He had made some progress, and was nearly neck deep in the " narrow home," when be raised himself for a stretch. To his intense horror he saw something which he maintains was a ghost. He scrambled out of the grave and made tracks for the gate, and so overpowering was his fear that he felt as if the few yards ere he got on the road were ten. miles. He has been young and now is old, but he thinks he never covered the ground so rapidly as he did until he reached a human habitation. Here he felt comparatively safe, and sat down meditating until davlight. He shares the popular belief that ghosts most return to their shades ere-day-dawn, and then resumed his work. By and bye his wife came with his breakfast. "To her he told his terrible adventure. He describes the visitation as "'large and brown,"bat could give no further particulars. Rumour is a lying ]ade, no doubt, but still rumour has it that this elderly ghost-seer is not over kind to his better half, and scl the nature of the consolation she tendered may be understood. " I'tell'd thee so," she said, " its the devil at thy elbow, it is and he'll have thee some day. Thy evil conscience is tormenting thee." " I knew tiiee'd sav that," responded the grave-digger. He has repeated the story to more sympathising ears lately, and finds full credence with the majority ot his hearers, who absolutely refuse to go near the cemetery after dark. Here is a fine chance.for the Spiritism. . The expenditure of South Australia exceeded the revenue last quater by £83,000. 1'he year's expenditure is expended to show an excess of £200,000 " over the revenue. - ^ A boy named James Mackay died in the Kyneton Hospital on Tuesday, from lockjaw, the result of injuries.to the leg by a horse trampling on it on the 11th April. There is a shop kept by a handsome widow in the Strand, in the window of which appear these words .—" No reasonable offer refused.'' The fiev. J. G. Stoblis has been duly inducted into the pastorship of the West Melbourne Presbyterian Church. Fowl-stealing has been very prevalent in Melbourne. 