[atholig intelligences VICTORIA. ARCHDIOCESE OF MELBOURNE. NEW OATHOMC CHURCH, SANDBIDGE. The memorial atone of the new Catholic church of St. Joseph, Sandridge, «u laid on Sunday last by his Grace the Most Her. Dr. Goold, O.S.A., Lord Archbishop of Melbourne. Mass was celebrated in the present chapel school, at 11 o'clock, by the Rev. T. M. O'Callaghan, in the presence of the Archbishop, the Venerable Archdeacon Slattery, Geelong; the Very Rev. Dean Slattery, Warrnambool; and the Rev. J. O'Driscoll, senior pastor of the Emerald Hill and Sandridge mission. The choir of SS. Peter and Paul's, Emerald Hill, performed Mozart'* 12th Mass in a most creditable manner, under the direction of the organist, Mr. M. O'Gorman. The principal vocalists were Miss Richardson, contralto ; Miss Doyle, soprano; Mr. D. A. Madden, tenor; and Mr. W. Gordon, bass. At the conclusion of Mass the stone was formally laid by the Archbishop.. The site of the church is at the corner : of Rouse and Stoke streets, and in the • same reserve as the present chapel. The foundations, which are being built up to the level of the street, have already cost some £500. The new church will be built ' of bluestone throughout, relieved by freestone dressings, in the Romanesque style of architecture, and will include nave, with aspidal chancel, vestry, Lady chapel, organ chamber, and tower. The nave will be 81ft. long by 32ft. wide, and 26ft. high to the top of its walls, the roof, constructed on the best acoustic principle, being supported by circular principali springing from ornamental shafts. The entrance porches are faced by rich carved dressings in Roman character, and the doors doublesquare- headed under moulded arches. Over the front door are three semi-circular- headed windows, filled in with stained glass, and surmounted by an elaborately-carved circular window. The chancel is 32ft. by 20ft., and lighted by six Roman windows under a moulded cornice. The steeple rises in three stages to a height of 110ft. The design was prepared by Mr. M. Hennessy, of 13 S wanston-street, the contractor for the -work being Mr. T. O'Flaherty. When the ceremony of laying the stone had been completed, the occasional sermon was preached in the open air by the Venerable Archdeacon Slattery, who commenced by reading the Gospel for the day (the 4th Sunday after Pentecost). He said the miracle recorded which he had read for them, was, like many other miracles of our Lord, a type and symbol of a still greater work which Christ was to effect, and for which it was a preparation. The multiplication of the loaves and fishes was a preparation for, and a symbol of, the Holy Eucharist; the healing of the man sick of the palsy was emblematic of, and a preparation for, the holy sacrament of Penance; so, here, the miracle reoorded was symbolical of the mifiEiou which He was about to give to His Apostles, when he would make them "fishers of men." This commission was duly delivered, and, with it, the warning of the persecution which awaited them in its discharge, and the promise that He himself would be with them to render its effect fruitful and permanent. He committed to them the supernatural and sublime charge of founding His Churoh upon earth. They were to " preach the Gospel to every creature j" to " teach all nations "—not one truth, but " all things, whatsoever he had commanded them." He sent them forth with the same power and same commission as Himself. " As the Father has sent Me, so I also send you." To this mission WBB attached persecution and promise, fie warned them that, in the disoharge of their duty, their fate and fortune would be like to his own. As He was persecuted, so tbey would be; the nations of the earth would hate them as they had hated Himself; tbey would stand before governors snd princes for His sake, and those who put to death would think they did a service to God in doing so. But while He warned them of the persecution whioh they would •have to enoounter, he consoled them with the promise of success. He bade them go forth and bring forth fruits, and told them that their fruits would remain, because He would send them the Spirit of Truth to teach them all things and to be with them forever. How marvellously and magnificently Our Lord's promises were fulfilled, the histoiy of the Church proved. They were persecuted from city to city, and, like Himself, even put to death; but they bequeathed His promise to their successors. In their blood they founded the Church of Jesus Christ. This Chnroh was intended by Christ to be His kingdom upon earth. "Fear not, little Hock," He says, " because it has pleased vour Father to give you a kingdom." This kingdom was in this world, but not of this world. The Churoh not being of this world, shared in His fate and fortune, and its members suffered, finally, death, as He had done. As the ApostleB inherited the promise of persecution, so does the Church now; and this arises from the very institution of Christianity, from the nature of the Churoh, and from the end and objeot whioh Christ had in view in founding this Church. Christ Was to teach all men that tbey were not of this world, and that there was another and a brighter one;: that - they were only here as pilgrims and strangers, and that they were to use the things of this earth.for the glory of God and the sasetifioation of their own souls. And, therefore, the histoiy of the Churoh is one of trial and torment, because the Gospel -is opposed to the passions and natural inclinations of men. These sorrows will last to the end of' time, as the Holy Ghost has promised. This {legacy of suffering has produced, under the providence of God, results exactly opposite to those intended by the enemies of . the Churoh. For 300 years the Churoh was bathed in blood and suffering, and the ponderous power of the Soman Empire was exerted with the view to destroy her; bnt the blood of Christian martyrs only secured the fertility of the tree planted by Christ. After those 300 years the Church came forth from the ordeal more triumphant than before. But after this peace had been restored, then from within the false word of heresy and untruth went forth ; out of the Church's own heart went swarms of degenerate children, who thought to tear asunder the seamless coat of Jesus Christ by errors introduced into her teaohing and doctrine. Even to our own time those domestic struggles have been oontinued, and have found their logical end in materialism, rationalism, and spiritualism—in anytbiogism, everythingism, and nothingism; realising what St. Augustine hag said, " that between Catholicity and infidelity there is no medium." The enemies of Christianity do not stop at denying revelation; tliey even impugn the very existence of the God of heaven and earth. All this was foretold by Christ. Tbe faults of her own degenerate children are the greatest that can be alleged against the Churoh, and these are the cause of her own greatest sorrow. But need we wonder that we have " false brethren ?" Was there not a Judas amongst the Apostles ? a Nicholas amongst the deacons ? and a Simon amongst the early proselytes 1 Their existence, however, only proved that the Church would exist, notwithstanding attaoks from without and witbin. One may ask why the Catholic Church is made the object of attack by men at all times and in all places ? They hate her, and get angry with her because tbey fear her. It arises from the constitution of the Church of God, and the end and object whioh she has to effeot. The Church is persecuted for the same reason that Christ was persecuted and put to death. Christ spoke the truth, and his word and life were a reproach and R sting to those who preferred the indulgence of their passions to the service of God; and in like manner the Churoh speaks the truth to men firmly, fiercely, unflinchingly, and defiantly. The lives of the bishops, priests, monks, and virgins of the Church were a reproaoh to the votaries of the flesh and the world. He dared to ask any one to point to any other dynasty or race possessing such a glorious roll of testimony to the charity and purity of God's truth as the Catholic Church. Why will men vainly seek, in the face of facts, to destroy the Churoh J It is not a matter of disputation, but of fact. The Church has existed for 1800 years, and is now no novelty, and are wo better or worse than in tbe days of Nero, Diocletian, and Julian ? Yet men in our own time will repeat the futile efforts of their predecessors to destroy the Church, The very attacks of the enemies of the Church recoil on themselves. When heretics denied her doctrine, she assembled her pastors, who by deprivation confirmed her faith, and made her more powerful and vigorous before the nations of the earth. So it has been in our own time, when the Immaculate Conception of the Mother of God and the infallibility of Christ's Vicar on earth were disputed. He (tbe preacher) was not there to crave mercy, or even ask toleration, for the Churoh of Christ. She wants no mercy, compassion, compromise, or sympathy. She is on earth to teach God's truth, and one tittle of it she will not part with for all that tbe world can give or the devil take away. She may be here to suffer, but never to die. The more we suffer, the better it is for us, and the greater number of us will go to heaven to people the city of God. She has got all she wants from God. To seek to destroy tbe Church is worse than madness, "because those who war with the Lamb will be destroyed." Where are now the enemies of the church, from the Jews of Christ's time to Napoleon the First But the enemies of the Church have not yet done their worst. They will go on to still worse till the final time foretold by St. John in the Apooalypse, when God will rise and revenge himself upon his enemies, and the church militant will become the churoh triumphant, and flourish in eternal youth in the bosom of God. The preaoher concluded by exhorting his hearers to walk worthy of their vocation; for it is the bad Catholic that is the worst and bitterest enemy of the cause of God and the Church of Christ. At the conclusion of the sermon a collection was made in aid of the building fund, which realised about £325, including three donations of £50 each from the Rev. J. O'Driscoll, Miss Doyle, and Mr. J. K. Collins. PETEB'S PENCE FOE 1874. In an advertisement which appears in our columns will be found particulars of the offerings of the Catholics of Victoria to the Holy Father in" 1874. The sum total contributed was £1223 7s. Ud. Of that sum, a draft of £1000 was forwarded to his Eminence the Prefect of the Propaganda ; the cost of .exchange was £10, and a balance of £213 7s. lid. remained in hand. The' following letter in reference to the subject, .from his Grace the ' Archbishop, will be read with interest j by the Catholics of the colony:— Archbishop's Residence, Melbourne, Feast of St. John the Baptist, 1 June 24th, 1875. To the Clergy and Laity of Viotoria. . j Dearly Beloved Brethren,—It is with very 1 great pleasure I lay before you a letter ad- ! dressed to me by his Eminence the Cardinal j Prefect of Propaganda, acknowledging, on the > part of our Holy Father, who lovingly im- ! parts his blessing to us all, the generous offering of Peter'B pence made by you for ! 1874. | . From my past experience, I hardly think {it necessary to press upon you the obligation j of being as liberal this year as you have been i during the past 27 years, in giving to our | great Pontiff that- aid and pecuniary help I which, under God's blessing, you can afford, | and he so sorely needs in his present distressing circumstances, as confessor for the faith; withstanding, with a courage worthy of his'saintly and martyred predecessors, the Moderns, who now, after the fashion of the Pagan emperor;, assail the Church with so much virulence and blind fnry. On the Sunday witbin the octave of the feast of SS. Peter and Paul will be solicited the offerings of the clergy and laity of the Archdiocese to the Pontifical Fund. In conjunction with the Catholics throughout the world, you, the Catholics of the Arohdiocese of Melbourne, will thus be offered the usual annual opportunity of manifesting your devotion to the Holy See, and renewing your condemnation of the persecution wantonly raised np against it. Moreover, by those offerings, you will enable the Sovereign Pontiff to relieve the very many made destitute by the sacrilegious usurpation of churoh property, and the brute-foroe suppression of religious institutions. Let us earnestly pray Almighty God to grant peace to His church and the grace of conversion and pardon to her enemies. Be steadfast in the faith, dearly beloved brethren, being mindful of the words of the Apostle:—"Whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world, and this is the viotory which overcometh the world, our faith." I. John, 5. JAMES ALIPIUS, Archbishop of Melbourne. Propaganda, Rome, 1st April, 1875. My Lord Archbishop,—I have received your Grace's communication of the 27th January of this year, and along with it a bill of exchange for one thousand pounds sterling (£1000), being the annual offering for 1874 to the Holy Father. At an audienoe on the I8th March, I did myself tbe pleasure of presenting to His Holiness the bill of exchange, together with its accompanying letter, full of expressions of filial piety, in your own name and in that of the Catholio clergy and laity of Victoria. I am to assure your Grace that His Holiness received this generous offering with heartfelt expressions of thankfulness ; and he imparts with a full heart to yourself, the clergy, and people, his Apostolic benediction. Meanwhile I pray to God to grant you long life and prosperity. Tour affectionate brother in Christ. A. CARD. FRANCHI, Prefect. CATHOLIC TOTAL ABSTINENCE SOCIETY. The above society gave its usual weekly entertainment on Tuesday evening last, at St. Patrick's Hall. There was a large attendance. Several songs and recitations were given with good effect. After the entertainment, the president addressed the meeting. He regretted that the Catholics of Melbourne were not taking up the subject of Temperance in the same way as Catholics in other parts of the world. CONTENT AT KILMOBE. We are glad to learn that the Convent of Our Lady of Mercy, Mount St. Patrick, Kilmore, will open on the 21st inst. (the Feast of St. Aloysius) two schools—a primary one, and a young ladies' school. Particulars are given in an advertisement, FEAST OF ST. ALOYSIUS. Solemn High Mass, in celebration of the Feast of St. Aloysius, will be celebrated in the Church of the Jesuit Fathers, Richmond, to-morrow at 11 o'clock. The panegyric of the saint will be preached by the Rer. Father O'Malley, S.J. GEELONG. In the absence of the Ven. Archdeacon Slattery, who had to preach at Sandridge, the Rev. M. Watson, S.J., officiated in St. Mary's, Geelong, on Sunday last. At Vespers the rev. gentleman delivered an able discourse from the text, "This is the victory which overcometh the world, our faith." In referring to the necessity of firmly implanting the truths of Divine faith in the minds of the young, Father Watson remarked that a short time ago a youth, on being questioned in a court of law as to his knowledge of the nature of an oath, replied that he had never heard of the existence of God. He admitted having been at school for yean, but had never received any religious instruction. Father Watson exhorted parents to send their children to Catholio schools, to make them attend Catechism on Sundays, and to see that they were thoroughly acquainted with .the truths of religion. THE BISHOP :OF ADELAIDE. The Right Rev.Dr.Reynolds, Bishop of Adelaide, arrived in Melbourne on the 11th inst. by the s.s. Macedon t Sydney, and has been since th2 ^ > , the Jesuit Fathers at Richmond. * 