SPIRITUALISM ON THB BENCH. A justice of the peace in Chicago, who is a oonvert to spirituali-m, is, according to a local paper, in the habit of huving protracted con versations with Sir Edward Coke, Blackstone, and other authorities, and bringing their expe rience to boar on the cases before him. Thn other day, during the forenoon session of the Court, a case came on for trial. The attorney fer the defence quote I a decision whioh he found in one of the Illinois reports. It was apparently decisive. The lawyer looked triumphantly at the judge. The latter Baid, * Wait a minute — I feel tho in fluence.' Then the judge grabbed a lead pencil and a Bheet of paper. His hand went convulsively, and at the end of five minutes he had soribbled over the entire page. When he had finished he Baid to tbe lawyer, ' I have just received a message from Judge Lock wood, who was one of the judges of the Supreme Oourt at the time this decision was rendered. He authorises me to say that the majority of the members of the then court, who are now in the spirit land, after mature consideration, de oided to reverse their former judgment. Please inform the profession of that fact, that they may govern themselvoB accordingly.' The judge then continued—' Under the oircuxnstanoeB you will see that I can pay no attontion to the decision you have quoted, .and judgment must -be ron dered against you.' The lawyer remonstrated, and the judge finally agreed to postpone the case for one week, in order to give Judge Lock wood and his oolleagues an opportunity to examine the matter again, and Bee if they are determined to reverse their former opinion. In the meantime the' lawyers of Chicago are meditating whethor it will not be necessary for them to burn all their reports, if judges in the Bpirit land are to be allowed to carry on the business of making deoisionB and of reversing those whioh they have made in this world. ' RiDiouiousii* Low Peiok bob Souls. — in an article on tho Ghosts of Modern Spiritism the Saturday Review makes the following amus ing references to currently believed transactions with the devil in past ages : — ' The devil of the 17th century belonged to a very inferior type. Ho appeared as t hedgehog, as a blnck dog, as a man in black, and dealt in the smallest sums. Sixpimoo teems to have been tho amount he usually gave his votaries on rocoiving what they considorod to be their souls, and upon one oo cusion he only gavo 4&d.; at tho conclusion of a \ bargain. Considering tho improvement that ' has been effected in the condition of the country gentleman and the agricultural labourer, it is not too much to say that experiences of this nature cannot be contemplated by the moBt sanguine and most eager ob likely to occur ? again ; tho sums whioh will change hands will have to be far larger, and villages in Somerset- - Bhire cannot hope to bo similarly favoured when the rise of populous towna ia taken into consider ation. When the devil wns constantly in the midst of tho uninformed and the ignorant, thoro was nothing for him to do. There would b« little diffiaulty in finding him employment at the present time. InBtead of oleaving the Eildon hills in three, or building ricketty bridgeB acrots country streams, he might be fitly employed in cleansing our rivors, and if his endeavours were attended 'with succesB, no one would grudge him a local board or two or a, , corporation for. his pains.' . ' ', ' ' ' ?'. AnTiFiour.Ey.fls fob IIorskb.— It is perhaps not generally known that artificial eyes are aometimos used in the equine, as woll an the human race. Such, howovor, is the caso, more especially ? on tho Continent, where tho dis figuremont caused by tho loss of tho natural organ is occasionally removed by tho use of an artificial eye. - Somo oonsidorablo attontion seems to have bobn paid to this branch of tho veterinary profession at Berlin, as wo learn from the Veterinarian that Hertwig, profeasor at the Berlin Veterinary School, draws atton tion to tho recent improvements in tho artificial oyes now usod. It uppoars that artificial eyoa for horses wero first used in 1850 by a votorin ary surgeon of the Bavarian army, numod Schmidt. Glass wob first omployod, since thon procolain and gutaperoha have beon tried ; tho fragility of tho first two, and the soflnoss of the latter, have, howover, militated against their oxtensivo ubo. Hortwip, however, has euccoss fully employed horn, whioh haB the advunlago of being lightor and loss brittle than glass or porcelain, and is also ohoap, ThiB eye is simply a smooth capsule or shell or dark-coloured, horn, made of various sizes to suit difforont orbitR. Tho outer surfaoe is highly polished and indented by a oircular narrow groove to re present the pupil. The oflgeB aro woll rounded and smooth, and when ready for use Bhould weigh from about five to a littlo over b!x and a half drachms. Hertwig also makoB a more elaborate article out of white born, with a brown iris and a dark.coloured pupil. Tho effeot of this little work of art is stated to be astonishing, the illusion being complete, as it looks exactly like the real eye at the distance. The use of tho artificial oyo is said to cause no discomfort to the animal, if not applied till tho inflammation, suppuration, 4c, of the lost eye have disappeared. It oan bo easily placed in the orbit by lifting the upper eyelid and placing the edge of the shell (whioh should bo first wetted) underneath it, and then depressing the lower lid, and then inserting the lowor edge of the capBule beneath that. To remove it the lower lid is drawn down, a smooth probe is passed behind the bottom margin of the horn, whioh, with a little gentle leverage, drops out. The artificial eye may remain in for a week, but it should be then taken out, as the dust, air, &c;, remove the polish from the outer surface, which should bo periodically brightened up. The eye and eyelids should also be well cleansed before replacing the capsule. — Land and Water. 