THE OLD HOUSE BY THE BOYNE ; 1 OB, KECOLLECTIONS OF AN IRISH BOEOUGH. I By MRS. J. SADLIER. CHAPTER XV.— (Continued.) I WWaASfte sn°ck of this apparition 1 JJ Mlss, Ackland was struck nationless I iffile?; Tith straini°g eyes she I 3n;Jhf-d0or' h°Ping that the welcome I S,Tght reaPPear- disembodied spirit ff £ wn6r-; but instead of him came -|] ««e, wondering much at her aunt's delay. 1:1 .uearme, aunt,, nrfl vnn oil oi^^«o«- „!,_ II it L? gOne ' i saw Mm here only a « ? T But my Sadness, Aunt iff? S the matter ? why you look like i»g{tmIl'LSaidher au5 P^tially recover %Melvil )P°r\ W,eIU nowonder OjSXr beenllere since Father ^t^S^l ^ graci0U9' auttt' W™??' eto death-don'ttalk so, I ^ m^\lT E°Se' he was he™-1 saw lhe«Xade nn iG. y°u now-he crossed S-rS ,?? s,t0PPeda moment just |loo^a mLvH, v°WVig the spot-' he Passed oi UntoXi 1S °1(?' old smile' acd *^ imii^h0T18e' JU8t » moment or hn I eVto i, Vme oufc- Ob' R°so, how P iS e ? een him» fOT ho l^ed $ -tly» and I o»li -lr? ^r'1 s™him dis Ui0% wish that you Jhad been } with m-3, for then you might have seen him, too. ' Heaven forbid !' said Rose with a shudder, and she cast a timid glance around through the gathering gloom. ' Had we not better go in, Aunt Lydia V ' As you please, my dear.' And they went in. 'Oh! Hose,' said Miss Ackland, pausing a moment in the doorway; 'to think that he passed in here within the last five minutes.' ' I don't want to think of it,' said Rose shortly ; ' I'd rather see the living any day than tbe dead. Come now, and I'll play something lively for you, just to put this strange fancy out of your head.' '?'No need to do that, my dear ! that strange fancy, as you call it, is more cheering to me than your liveliest music ; I only wish I could often 'have such fancies; but why should I hope it ? why, should the spirit land be opened to me more than others 1' It was not Miss Ackland's intention to tell Nancy of what she had seen that evening, but she forgot to warn Rose on the subject, and before noon next day, Nancy was in full possession of the whole affair. Her riiistress was no little surprised when the old woman went out to her in the garden where she had gone to gather some flowers for her table in the schoolroom, and asked her in a tone of great trepidation, if it was true that she had seen the poor dear captain the evening be fore. Miss Ackland started and turned pale ; she was shocked to hear his name mentioned in such a way, and was sorry that Nancy knew of what had occurred, but she could not prevaricate when a plain question was put to her, and she said — ' I did Nancy !' ' You did — the Lord save us !' ' Would you be afraid to see him, Nancy?' said the lady in a tone of simple reproach that brought the tears to Nancy's eyes. ' Well, now, don't blame me, Miss Lyddy:, darlin' ! I had a great wish for him entirely when he was flesh and blood like myself, but the nearest an' dearest I ever had in the world, I wouldn't want to see them when they're dead — it's hard to stand the sight of a sperit — did you look him in the face, Miss Lyddy 1' ' Yes, and he looked me in the face — why do you ask 1' Nancy groaned and shook her head, be fore she replied — ' Well ! the Lord save you an' every one else from harm, they say a body never gets the better of it that meets the eyes of the dead, or hears their voice. You didn't spake to it, did you V ' No, I wish I had !' ' Don't wish any sich a thing, then— don't an' God bless you !' . Miss Ackland smiled sadly, as she laid her hand on Nancy's arm : — ? 'I thank you for your good advice, Nancy — but I will give you another : be sure you say nothing of this to any one.' ' Is it me, Miss Lyddy 1 is it me tell - any one that the captain, rest his sowl, is comin' back again — do you think I'd make so little of him or you either — an' have people sayin' that the house was haunted ? do you think I'd be so foolish as all that comes to, Miss Lyddy V ' No, I scarcely thought you would ; but it is no harm to put you on your guard, yon know. You'd better go in now to your iron ing.' Still Nancy lingered, and at last Miss Aek land asked her if she had anything more to say to her. ' Oh ! not a thing, Miss Lyddy dear !' She moved a few steps away, theri turned back, and said in a hesitating sort of way — 'Wouldn't it be well to get Father O'Regan to come an' say a Mass in the house V ' What for, pray ?' ' Oh well ! it 'id do no harm anyhow, and maybe it 'id do good !' ' Go to your work, Nancy !' said Miss Ackland so sharply that poor Nancy's heart sank within her ; the tears were in her eyes as she took her way back to the kitchen, and her voice was not heard all that day in the house. Miss Ackland spoke to her no more on the subject ; nor to Rose, either, though it annoyed her more than a little to see that both were more timid than usual in moving around the house after nightfall, and could scarcely be got to go out of doors alone. For herself, she had grown fond of walking- at night in the garden, or on the esplanade, es pecially wnen tne moon snea Her mild rays over the earth, and the world lay still in the hush of night beneath the glittering stars. But Ralph Melville came not again ; days and weeks passed away ; August glided into September, and the beautiful harvest moon showed her pale crescent in the blue sky of evening ; but in vain did Lydia Ackland keep her lone watch 'beneath the stars.' Ralph Melville's ghost did not revisit the glimpses of the moon, and Naucy felt quite convinced that their prayers had won for his troubled spirit peace eternal. ' Well, now, Miss Rosey,' she would say to Rose, in ?con- fidence, when the twain ,were stealthily ex changing their fears and Jjop.es, fou.cihjng.th.ev ghost, ' I'm in great hopes' that lie's in a fair way now of gcttin' to rest ; how could he miss it, the dear gentleman ! an' all (he prayers I say for him, not to say you an' Miss Lyddy? Please God, he'll never trouble us any more.' 'I'm sure 1 hope so, Nancy !' would Ros- reply, and there the whisperod consultatior would end for that time, to be renewed ai the first opportunity. It was, however, i continual source of trouble and of serious ap prehension to Nancy that a Mass had no: been said in the house, and she was free t( give her opinion (only to Rose, of course) that ' there was somethin' comin' over Miss Lyddy, God help her ! when she wouldn't sc much as hear to havin' Father O'Regan saj Mass in the house. If only herself was in it a body mightn't wonder =o much, but sh- ought to remember that there were others ir it that didn't want to see a sperit in anj shape or form.' CHAPTER XVI. A month or so after Giacomo's departure the Brodigans, father and daughters, cam- one evening to Miss Ackland's, the father, ai usual, with the kind intention of cheering the aunt and niece in the solitude fron which he and his amiable wife could no draw them so often as they wished, th- daughters with a little private object of thei own which the reader will presently ascer tain. There was music, as usual, and Rosi sang at her aunt's request, with her guitar a pretty ballad just then new and popular long since passed into the realm of thing! forgotten, beginning thus — ' Do you ever think of me, love, Do you ever think of me, Wben.I'm far away from tbee, love, With my bark upon tbe sea ? My thoughts are ever turning To thee where'er I roam. And my heart is ever yearning For the quiet scenes of home.' ' How very sweet,' lisped Jane Brodigan in her sentimental way ; ' and how expres sively you do sing it, Rose ! Talking o being ' far away,' have you heard, Miss Act land, that our handsome Leghorner has beei taking a wife to himself V 'Why no ! can it be possible?' ?'Why should it not be possible, my dea Miss Ackland 1' said Ann, with somewha more than her wonted stiffness ; § ' it is very natural, I presume, that Signor Gia como Malvili would marry one time 0] another, most young men do.' * '' Yes, but somehow I thought —I though he had no idea of being married so soon, am if it were so I thought he would have let me know of it.' I *? Oh, of course, you would expect that,1 I said Miss Brodigan, in a somewhat; softe i tone ; she and every one else liked Mis; Ackland, even those who could not fully ap preciate her ; ' considering your kindness t- him, but people are not always as grateful a they should be.' ' Very true, my dear ; but I cannot believ( that Giacomo is one of those who are likely to forget friends or friendships.' ' Believe what you may,' said Ann, draw ing herself up, ' I have reason to tbink tha the report is true.' 'But how did you come to hear of it Ann?' said her father, who had heard the news with much surprise. 'That is of no importance, father. We have it on good authority. Haven't we Jane?' 'Oh, decidedly, the very best and mosi reliable. But, my dear Rose, how verj silent you are. You do net seem at all sur prised.' Rose had gone to the piano, and wa: busily engaged looking over her music for ? piece she Wanted. She answered without interrupting her employment— 'Surprised, why should I be surprised ? As if it was any wonder to hear of a wedding. I thought I should hear of one soon. Dear me, where can that overture to ♦ Tancredi' be ? Aunt, did you see it lately V ' No, my dear, I have not been arranging the music for some days. But, my dear Miss Brodigan, do you think it is really true that Giacc-mo is married 1' ' I really cannot say, Miss Ackland, I can only re-neat that we have it on good au thoriiy.' ''Who is that, Ann ?' said her father. ' Tom Lanigan, father— you know he wouldn't be likely to tell a falsehood.' 'I know that, but how did he hear it? Who told him?' ?' Well, I really didn't ask— only he had a reason to think it was true, I know he wouldn't repeat it.' ' It is very strange,' said Miss Ackland, in a sort of soliloquizing tone ; ''' it was one of the last things I should have expected to hear.' 'Oh, here is ' Tancredi', 'gsaid Rose, 'and Mr. Brodigan, here is another favourite of yours. 'Mies Forbes' Farewell to Banff1,' with variations. I will play that first. ' And she took her seat at the piano. ? ' Don't you want light?' said Ann Brodi gan, taking a girandole from the mantel piece, and placing it on the piano, looking lull in Rose's face as she .did so. 'Thank you, Ann,' said Rose very quietly, 'you are always so very consider ate.' ' Isn't the light a little too strong for you, ? - — - - -*-^-^— — ? I i _,.._ '._?? ?'- 'TT 5 Rose? You look as though you had a head ache.' 3 'Oh, dear me, no. I have no head-ache, i Thank you, that will do.' b ' Don't you want me to turn over the i leaves?' ' It is quite unnecessary, I know the piece t so well.' ' i Ann Brodigan resumed her seat, glancing , at her sister with an expression that seemed 3 to say — ' I really can't understand her. Can j you?' f When Rose had finished, Mr. Brodigan , said, rising, ' Come girls, let us be off. Your 3 mother will will be alone, for the young ones l are all a-bed by this time.' It was early f to leave', but the young ladies made no objection, so they all bade good night and retired. When they were gone, Miss Ackland and .Rose sat together tor a few moments in !} silence; by some impulse perhaps scarcely 3 known to herself, Hohq moved nearer to her 3 aunt and looked inquiringly into her face. / Miss Ackland laid her hand on her head and i smiled in her gentle, quiet way, a little ab t stractedly, Rose thought. 3 ' Aunt,' said Rose at length, ' do you f think Signor Giacomo is going to be mar \- ritdP'. B ' He may be, Rose. But if so, it is not ?, what I would expect. I think he would let \- us know if any such thing were in contem 3 plafion.' ' Perhaps yes — perhaps no,' said Rose carelessly — ' how much longer do you intend to sit up, Aunt Lydia? I feel' tired and drowsy— I think I ivill go to bed.' : -. 'Very well, Ros ?, ring for Nancy, and we .will get our prayers said, then you can go.'--' When tho prayers were over, Miss Ack land said she would read a little,, before going upstairs, so Rose took her night«ligh'fc , and left the room. Closing the parlour do6j- \- after her, she went softly to the kitchen, and f asked Nancy if she was very much hurried \- just then. . ?.- a 'Well, no; do you want me to do. any* thing, Miss Rosey ? ' ? 'Only to come up and sit' with me,' said r Rose almost in a whisper ; ' my aunt is not *i coming up just yet, and I don't like to be up 3 there all alone. You know that's the room \- Captain Melville used to sleep in, any time t he was here overnight.'. 'I know, dear, I know,' and Nancy t nodded and looked solemn ; 'I don't care to 1 go into that room myself after nightfall. I'll i go with you in a minute, when I fasten the doors and windows down here.' ' So the doors and windows being made fast, r the two stole past the parlour door- and' s upstairs. _ Nancy squatted herself on the- \- carpet while her young lady prepared for 3 bed, talking the while of all the s pleasant days she used to have when the old house was blithe and merry, and the dead 3 alive, and tho careworn and sorrowful young t and gay. But she carefully aVoided one name, and when she had even the most distant al \- lusion to make to him who had borne it, t Rose stopped her with a terrified ' Hush !' and both looked fearfully round into thpsV ., ' corners of the large room where the light did j j not fully penetrate. It might have hfen ex-; pected that Rose would have told her faith-. 3 ful old confidant of the news Miss Brodigan/ , had brought, but for once she kept something to herself, and said not a word aboutit, probably : forgetting it altogether in the engrossing jifV t terest with which she lis'ened to Nancy's re ? min'a.'ences of old-time ltfe in the old house. : 3 A door wai heard closing downstairs, an4 I, Rose, who was now in bed, made a sjgn f'p.r. ; Nancy to hurry away ; Nancy was not slow , in obeying, both having an instinctive fea-rof ? i Miss Ackland's noticing their newly awakened ; fears concerning the ghost. But Miss Ack s land, coming upstairs at the time, saw Nancy. , stealinglalongjthe corridor.fthough Nancy did not see her, and guessing atoncehow matters stood, she could not help laughing, though | her heart was heavy with the thoughts that ever weighed on her mind when alone. (To be continued.) ? ' : Signs of Spring. — A correspondent writing from Northern Minnesota, on the 20fch February - says that, notwithstanding the severity of the weather and depth of 6 now in that region, he aaw a cowslip in the open ajr the day beftra. Tho : cow was on tl e ice. — American paper. Unreasonable. — A nilway porter who shouts ' the name of the station has bven complained of for being indistinct. Ha wants to know if the' public expect lirst-claBs tenors for 183. a week.' Josh Billing-s'8 last contribution to philosophy. : is— ''The only way to gob thru this worldand : e8kape censure and abuse is .to take some I aak road. You kaut travel the main turnpike and ' do it. ' It is said that.Professor Tyuda'l has had ooU'ar demonstration of sound. He has seen his' bed*-' ? tick. ..?;.. v...,., A Wicklow young larfy lately hal occasion to- r inform a young gentleman thab her hand was nob aletnor. ., . . ^ At a recent wedding, according to a London*, . paper, 'tha bride walked ou the arm of.'hec^ father.' We fancy the bridegroom must have '* been a little alarmed to aeo auoh an r'crobatio performance. Query.— How many sleeves has a coat oi arms? ? iMiiMLiiiiMiaiBUM~gull«wMIM»IBS^ 