BY. St. BIOUBTENBY ~JBPHBON. :!ii i OHAPrTER ?? I. HIAD you found yourself, some years ago, a stranger in the town of Hurlingford, in tihe otinty of Fillandaleshire, and had you asked "mine host" of the principal ion-as a etranger would naturally have asked-what were the lions of the neighbourhood, you would have been told, to. a certainty, that Libssington Towers, about four miles from the towin, was considered about as well worth see ingas anything down in those parts. Its claims to this consideration lay in its magnificent old trees, the growth of centuries; its miles of undulating park-iand;.its shrub. beries; its broad terraces; its thriee stately towers, from which it took its name; its as eooiations, historical and otherwise-for it had entertained a king, been battered by the Roundheads, and harboured a ghost or two in its time-and many other beauties and points of interest which mine host would have enlarged upon. Hsrd you then asked, as in all probability you would have done, who was the happy owner of all this, or even if you had not asked, it would have been told youall the same,. for it was a popular subject down in that part of Hillandaleshire, that it belonged to a certain (?-,ptain Bullkley, or Captain Tom Bulikiey, 'our informant. would have said, for Tom (lS!llkley was a name familiar in the mouths of Hillandaleshire folk. The Bullkley family had been for centuries owners of Lissington, and the name of Bullkley, whether with a Richard, a Henry, an Edward, or anything else before it, had always commanded respect and veneration down there; but for the last three-generations Bullkley with the Tom had been a name with a ring about it that had al ways carried it straight to the heart of a Hillandaleshire man. There had been three Tom Bullkleys, in succession,lords of Lissing too. The first Tom, the grandfather of the present one, had been the first to invest the douible name with that celebrity which had attached to it eversince his days, and had made it regarded more as the property of the country than of him who bore it. He had been to Hillandaleshire very much what Jack M~ytton was to Shropshire, and his memory wase handed down to posterity principally in connection with the most extraordinary acts of generosity, extravagance, and daredevilry, that a large-hearted, hare-brained, hard riding, hard-living English squire of fifty years ago was capable of; and if the tales of our grandfathers be true, that certainly is saying a great deal. Had your curiosity prompted you to ask more qouestions, you would have further learned that this Captain Tomni Bullkley, the present owner, did not live at Lissington, though he often visited it; that he was in the army, in a cavalry regiment, wbhich just at that time happened to be quartered not more than twenty miles from Hurlingford; and that his sister, Mrs. Chichester, a widow lady, and her daughter were the sole occupants of Lis sington Towers. Having got mine host on the subject of Liesington and itse inmates, you would have experienced some difficulty in stopping him. lHe would have pointed out to you, with the garrulity of a penny showman, several colored prints hanging within the bar, depicting .the celebrated Tom Bullkley - the grandfather -leaping his horse over obstacles about the s~ize of haystacks and houses; or driving tandem through closed turnpike.gate', to the blank dismay and astonishment of the turn pike man and his wife in their nightcaps; or sittirig his celebrated mare Blueblhzes bare back over the dining-room table at Lissing too. He would then have extolled tothe skies the virtues and good looks of Mrs. Chli -heeter and her daughter, and concerninog Captain Tom Bullkley, he would have gone into such raptures as to have necessi tated the use of double superlatives in his description of him as the "most open-hand edeast, open- heartedest, sportingest young gent in the county." And finally, he would have offered to drive you in his dog-cart in the direction of Lissington Towers, in order to afford you such glimpses of the old coun \- try mansion as you might have caught from the turopike road. Had you accepted the offer, you would probably have been rather disappointed; for, after all, to a person not born and bred in a red-hot belief in the race of Tom Bullkleye-as "mine host" was Lissington Towers presented no very marked superiority over the general run of old coun try seats. This much you might have told your companion; but you would have done wiser to have held your peace, 'and have ascribed the description which had led you to expect so much, less to the place itself than to the associatiobdne which surrounded it. We say you would have done wiser to have adopted this latter course; for, down in that part of the world, to express the least doubt of the superiority of every one and everything con nected with the family at Lissington over everybody and everything else, was to bring upon yourself much scorn and obloquy. Had the time of your visit exactly coin cided with that of the opening of this story, you might have seen- But, no-we will not suppose anything half so uncomfortable to you; for the afternoon on which our .story does open was one of those pouring sloppy ones whihob, as inhabitants of these islands, we thave so many opportunities afforded to us of observing. This particular wet afternoon was one in Mareb, about seven or eight years ago. So very bad and disagreeable an afternoon bad it been that even it itself had at last seemed ashamed of its conduct; and, wrapping itself u'p in mists and clouds, prepared to retire long before. its time, as if unable to stand any longer the abuse heaped upon it by the drag gled, the drenched, and the bored, and were anxious to push evening to the front as soon as possible, to come in for its share of the general exeorations. Just at this period of it, when people were beginning to cbange the cry from "what a wretched afternoon! " to "what a miserable evening!" there jogged along down the Lissington Avenue at a staid sober pace in keeping with his portly'figure, an old man in a dog-cart. What he looked most like was a water-butt with a mackintosh and a hat: what he was really was an old servant, who as a last resource on this wet day had been sent into Hurlingford for the Lissington letter-bag, and was now return ing. At one of the windows, watching with con siderable impatience the old man's tardy ep proach, stood MIay Chichester, a fair-haired slender- young girl of seventeen; while near the'fire, her sweet sad face bent intently over her Work, sat her mother. Mrs. Chiohester was still young and beautiful. There was a gentleness about her which breathed softly in her voice, her manner, and her every morve, and which at times contrasted. strongily with her daughter May's bright, youthful spirits. There was a gentleness in thie very way she knitted, as shabe sat this afternoon intent on tlhe manufacture of a pair of soft woollen sacke intended ultimately to carry warmth and com fort to the rheumatio toes of some indigent old cottager. There was a sweet gentleness even in the way abshe looked up with a half smile on her lace, as May, in snatching up a i pair of opera-glavses with characteristic im petuosity, caught the worsted thread in her finger and pulled out several rows of stitchesA whereby the rheumatic old toes were kept at least three or four minutes longer in the cold. "So sorry, mamma, dear," apologised iMay, as she kissed her mother, and then ran back again to the window. "0 ! I can see the hbag by his side now. He wouldn't bring it, I suppose, unless there was something in it. I don't know, though-it would be just like old Walters, too. 0 no,it's all right! It'squite hulgy oand fat, like himself. Hooray, mammal there'll be something to read at nllevents. How slowly he drives ! What a shame to keep us waiting so long for the only excitement we've had this beastly afternoonl" " May !" "So it is, mamma. It's not the mare's fault. I can see she's dying to get back to her nice warm stable. It's that stupid old owl, Waiters. He is driving as if he were at a funeral. O I-do so wish I Was on the back seat with a crotchet-needle l " : " May, May, how you do run on, child I " "Well, mamma, I.have no patience.with old Walters. I believe he see's me it the window, and he's driving slower than ever on purpose to annoy me." " Why are you in such a hurry with the letters to-day, May ? " " O, because it's wet, and there's nothing to do, and it's so dull when Tom'i out, and I'm tired of working and reading, mamma; and-I saw in the paper this morning that the Indian mail is in, and there may beh a letter from Fred Clonnell, you know." " She rang the bell. "Tell Walters to bring the bag up him. self," was her direction to the servant '. Now this Waiters was an old and faithful servant in the family, an old favourite in the paddock, whose days for hard work were oyVer. He only did occasional jobs like the present one, his sole occupation, as a rule, being to lay down the law in the servants' hbil, where he was a man of great weight, m'orally as well as physically (the butler, after a struggle for supremacy of some years' duration, having complotelysucecumbed), and in strange contrast to the above, to be bullied by May in much the same way that a great, old Newfoundland dog allowed its earo to be tweaked and its tail pulled by a little child. He adored May. He had given her her first lessons in riding and driving; had car ried her on his broad back over nearly every inch of the Lissington estate; had gone through ungainly contortions, and uttered extraordinary sounds, supposed to be faith ful representations of the 'bowswows, the moco; and the smiasows, of her infancy; had tepded and reared the rabbits and guinea-pigs of her childhood; and now was the slave of every caprice and whim-of her girlhood. He always listened to her corree tions and ecoldings inwardly with intense amusement, but outwardly with :a moot: elaborate show of deference and oontrition, ' "What on earth made you drive so slowly, Walters?" said May, as he entered with the letter-bag. "Here, give.it tome! You're getting more and more annoying and stupid every day I " "Now, now, Miss May I" expostulated Waiters; " I couldn't bring the mare in all of a lather." "'All of a lather!'" said May, con temptuously tossing her head. "slen't there anything between jogging along like a snail and bringing her in all.of a lather?"' Waiters, at this, assumed an expression of extreme meekness, while his internal appre oiation of the whole thing was so great as to nearly lead him into the impropriety of venting his feelings by a wink at Mrs. Ohi chester. He was saved, however,, from such a.dreadful breach of decorum by catching eight of his own fat old face in a mirror, and he was much relieved by breaking into a succession of rapid winks at himself. Un fortunately, however, these were again re fleated in another mirror behind him, at which Mayjust happened at the moment to be taking a complacent glance at her own pretty little figure. "What are you winking and blinking at?" she.exclaimad, with an abruptness which startled old Waiters out of his mock show of submissive terror into a state of real and unfeigned alarm. "Lor' a' mussy, Miss May, how sharp you are! I thought you was a lookin' the other way," said Waiters, making for the door. " Go away!" said May; " I believe you're the most annoying and provoking old crea ture that ever lived." "Bless her !!' said old Waiters, as lihe went down the stairs rubbing his shiny bald heatd.' "Bless her little" heart! that's all make pretence; she nin't a bit angry with me-not a bit on it! I never see suchrt a little fairy in all my born days. She wouldn't hurt a hair o' my head, not she." "Letters for the million," said May, as she put her hand into the bag. "Here's some for the servants-here's one for you, mamma, -from Blanche Vereker, I think. Here's the Field for Tom. Here's something else-- looks like the rest of his correspondence -something from his tailoror bootmaker. Two more, same description; two more why, a lot for Tom! It's not fair. O! they're from his regiment-there's the badge and the two crossed lances on the envelope. And-gracious! that's all.' No; here's a foreign one- Indian-for me--from Fred Clennell, I do declare! " and the rest of the letters wore pitched back into the bag, and given to a servant. " Whist a nice long one, too I "said May, settling herself down. " Now for a good reotd. I'll give you the cream as I go on, mamlta." " Well, don't keep me too long in suspense dear," returned Mrs. COhicheter, as shl put down her work, and proceeded to read her own lstter. "0, mammal what do you think? Fred is coming home at onceI" And tile pretty youthful hface flushed up with excitement anis looked up to see the effeot of the annoudnce ment. The bright look was reflected in Mrs. Chi chester's face as she replied," what good news, darlingI I bnhve always looked upon him almost in the light of a son." "That's exacutly what he says in his letter. Lis'n :n "'- for you know, my dear May, I have always looked upon Mrs. Ohichester and yourself as a second mother and sister; and now, since my poor father and mother's deaths, I have no one to love with what I call home-love except 'you two, and and-- ' O, how badly he does write. I--I really can't make out how it goes on." At this ,oint the tiny patter of a tear-drop, followed by a timid little sniffle, made Mrs. Chichlester look up. "Why, May darling, what's this about? Give it to me, child. How can you be so nonsensical ? I'll read it: " #?-- except you two, and although I've many sincere and true friends in my regiment, still I yearn for the affclion of those who have known me from childhood and have known my father and mother as you have done. I have felt quite home-sick lately, trnd at timels such a longing to be with you all at dear old Lissington. You have no idea how strong this feeling of home sickness can become in a far distant country, and how dreary and sad everything I-o-oaks w-w-when.--' " O, Fred's writing is really quite unread able I" "0, mammal who is nonsensical now?" said May, for a moment smiling so sunnily through her tears that you mightalmost have expected to see a amel.rainbow plnying about her brow. "The writing is really dreadfully shaky." Poor Fred Clennell did not tell them in the letter that he was as weak as a child, and that his meditated return home was on the recom mendation of a medical board. "'?i ?e handwriting ii, really like an old man'S," continued Mrs. Chichester. " India is such a dreadfil place for young men. I sincerely lhope and pray that Fred has not given way to habits of ineimperance." S, mamma, bow can you think anything ihad of Fred ? I shan't let you read any more.".: And May took the letter out of her mother's hands and put it into her owri'pocket with an offended air. Mrs. Chichester made no reply, and May fell to thinking, and, though she was longing to read the letter -the whole time, only treated herself every now, and aghin to surreptitious feels of the precious document where it now lay. Now, why shabe should have observed all tlis secrecy and mystery it is very hard to know. Perhaps she fancied she would prefer reading it in her own room, and gloating over its contents in solitude. Then why nor, in the name of all that is mysterious, have gone at once, and done so ? There is no way of getting out of this except by at once letting the reader into the seoret that MIay Chichester was, or fancied herself, in love with this Fred Clennell. He was a young lieutenant in an infantry regi. ment out in Indin, and about a year before' this had been at home on a few months' leave of absence, in consequence of the deaths, within a short time of each other, of his father anid mother. The Clennells and the Bullkle?s were distantly connected through a common ancestor, a Sir Hugh Carteret, who had formerly owned the adjoining property of Mynors Court. One. daughter of this Sir Hugh had married the first Tom Bullkley; another lhad married Fred Clenell's grand father. Mr. Clennell, Fred's father, had been the rector of Lissington, and May had known Fred all her lifo. It was only, however, during his last leavein Enghtnd that she had commenced falling in love with him; bhat although the object of this first love was now tiohlveo.taosand miles away, and haed never 'libreathed a lovelike sentiment to her, the progress was still going on at a rapid though inot-wbeno we consider the inflammability of a young maiden's heart-astounding rate. This then was the reason of all this caution and. mystery, ms if her mother had been a lynx-eyed duenna instead of the loving, in dulgent companiotn she really was. But love's young dream, althiiighl there may be "nothing half so sweet in life," makes tbs youthful dreamers very suRspiciO-s and jeailous. 'They hate the dream to be broken in upon by anything from the outer world. Everything matter-of-fact io connection with it is an abomination in their sight; and so, cherished and petted, it nestles:in the solitude of the young dreamgr's heart, too sacred and holy 'a thing to be dragged forth into the light of day. . (To be continued.) 