The Storyteller. JACK ESSINGHAM; OR, "THE GRAVES OF A HOUSEHOLD." (A TALE OF NORTHERN QUEENSLAND.) CHAPTER XIII. HILLINGFORD IS SAVED. BY DRAMINGO. MILLY thought a good deal of what she had just heard from. Mannish. Her father having been a Jew pawnbroker, who made her work like a nigger until she ran away from him, lending nigger away lending money on security and the payment of interest, were things quite familiar to her—only on a different scale. About a fortnight after her con versation with the smitten Frederick, she was thinking of the individual who had made Buch an impression upon her not too-susceptible heart, when the gong in one of the bar parlors was sounded, and there being no one else about, she went to see what was wanted. Two gentlemen were sitting in the room talking, one of whom nodded lightly to her, saying, " Good day, Milly, you are not muoh changed since I saw you last." Milly recognised the speaker with some little difficulty, then she returned the greeting. " But you are changed, Mr. Vernon," she said ; and Horace was greatly changed—but for the better. He now always lived on the station, of the management of which he had entirely relieved bis father, and on the occasions when he did come to town he behaved himself soberly and decently, like a gentleman. A bright idea struck Milly as she took in the drinks they ordered, and she watched until they left the room, and then waylaid Vernon in the passage. "Can you speak to me for a minute, Mr. Vernon ?" " I'm engaged just at present, Milly. What U it ?" " Another time will do then. Where are you stopping ?"' lfHere." " Then I can see you to- night ?" " Very well," and Horace hastened after his friend. That night, after he had returned from the theatre and was going up to his room, Milly caught his eye as he was passing the open door leading from the bar into the hall, and beckoned to him. ' " I can't get away until twelve o'clock ; do you mind waiting for me on the balcony at that time!" she said. Horace nodded, and went on. He had given up flirting with barmaids and other inane amuse ments of that description; but when such a good-looking girl as Milly seemed so very anxious to have a private interview with him he certainly was not of a disposition to decline. He went to his room, and as it was then half-past eleven he threw himself on to his bed, and turned over the leaves of a book, for about twenty minutes ; then nutting on a pair of slippers and lighting a pipe, he went and took a chair on the verandah, wondering very much what the dark-eyed beauty bad to say to him. The clocks had told midnight, and the rattle •f cabs and tramp of foot passengers had become less frequent, when he saw Milly emerge from a French window in one of the sitting-rooms and come towards him. " Don't move," she said, as he was about to get up, " I can stand here," and she leant against the railing close to his chair. "You know Mr. Essingham, I know, Mr. Vernon. It's a strange question I'm going to ask you—at least it will seem strange to you coming from me—Do you know if it is true that ha will soon lose his station ?" Horace was rather startled, the remark being so different from what he had expected. "He lives a long way from me now, you know —eight hundred miles or more—so I know very little about his affairs. I have heard that they were not doing at all well with their sheep, but I never heard that it was a case altogether." " But there's a probability of it's being true?" " Yes, decidedly," said Horace, after reflecting a little. "You and Mr. Essingham are good friends, are you not ?" " Yes," he said, half laughing, " I hope so." The last three years had developed a much more cordial understanding between the two. Jack could appreciate Horace better in his changed character, and Horace was very ready to like so near a relation of the girl he still hope lessly longed for. " Do you know a Mr. Mannish f "No." " He's a clerk for some firm—l don't know the name, but can easily find out. He knows Mr. Essingham, and I think does not like him much. He told me, or rather I got it out of him " (Milly rather prided herself on her powers of inquisition) "that Mr. Essingham's station was mortgaged, and that the mortgagees are about to foreclose. The reason was because Mr. Duncairn had written down to say that they could not pay the interest." " How did he obtain his information ?" " He saya that he saw the letter." " Then I suppose the firm who employ him are the mortgagees." "Yes," said Milly, " I expect that will be it" " Well, and did he say anything more 7' " No, he said that was all that he knew about it._ I have told you because I thought you might know whether it was true or not; and if it would do any good if Mr. Essingham were told about it." " Yes, it would be better ; but did he say when the interest was due ?" " No ; he said something About August" " And this is the second of July. If Essingham knew that they were about to foreclose he might get the money advanced to him in time to save the station " he went on, more to himself than to Milly. " I should think that Mr. Frampton would lend it to them." " Mr. Mannish said that he wouldn't." * The copjrig ht of " Jack K«««gli»m " haa baan par isaaidby the ptoprietooof TJU QyutnMandtr front the Mtbar. "What doee he know about it; I feel certain that he would. You've done quite right to tell me, and I'll think it over to-night. Find out the name of the firm which employs Mannish, and tell me. But Milly, what makes you take such a wonderful interest in Mr. Essingham'B affairs ? I should have imagined that you would have forgotten all about him by this time." "Never mind," said Milly, and but for the semi-darkness he might have witnessed the phenomenon of a blush upon a cheek not given to blushing. " I will find out the name of the firm in the morning. Good night, Mr. Vernon." " Good night, Milly," said Horace, shaking her hand kindly, and showing the good Rachel Essingham had worked in him by letting her go without making any attempt at love-making. He could not help chuckling to himself when he got back to his room—there seemed so much poetical justice in the situation. Jack, in the days of their early acquaintanceship, had given him a Betting down for leading George into this girl's company ;■ and now Time's whirligig had brought about its revenge ! Here was the same girl interesting herself so deeply in Jack's private affairs as to be the means of rescuing his station from the hands of the money- lenders, if all turned out to be true. And he, Horace, was acting the part of mentor and preceptor. But there was now no ill-nature mixed in his enjoy ment of it; on the contrary, he thought that if he acted straightforwardly and helpfully in the matter it might bring him a step nearer to Rachel. The next morning Milly—who soon got the informatiou she wanted from one of the waiters —handed Vernon a slip of paper on which was written the name of the firm—" llawlings and Burton." The name was familiar to him, in fact he was slightly acquainted with Burton, but on the whole knew very little of them. Meeting two old friends of his father's in the course of the morning, he took the opportunity of asking them what their opinion of the firm was. " Not a very high one," said one, and " The sharpest hands going," said the other ; don't you get into their clutches, my boy." " There's no fear," said Horace, "it wbb on a friend's account that I was asking." " Your friend won't get much mercy shown to him if they have him fast." " He won't require it, I hope," said Horace as they parted. Now what was he to do ? That was the ques tion which puzzled him. The affair seemed rather ridiculous, in spite of the serious aspect it wore for Jack and Duncairn. He couldn't telegraph and say, "A barmaid told me that Rawlings and Burton are going to foreclose on Hillingford." If he did so, he felt that were Jack to come down for the express purpose of quarrelling with him, it would only be what he might expect. He must thiuk it over ; there might be no truth in it; there might be no mortgage, and if so it was only a guess that Raw lings and Burton were the mortgagees ; still, if it was all true, and he did nothing in the matter, it would be worse than being too officious. At last he made up his mind, and despatched two telegrams—one to his father and one to Jack. The first was as follows :— Have heard that Hillingford is mortgaged, and about being foreclosed on. Will you see Fnmpton. To Jack he said :— Have heard that there is a mortgage on Hillingford «nd mortgagees mean foreclosing. Come down at once— will explain all "There," he said to himself, as he handed them to the clerk, " if I've made a fool of myself I can't help it; but if I waited to find out more I might be too late to do any good." As he drove back to the hotel he felt still more satisfied that he had acted rightly ; he knew that only a short time back stations, particularly in the North, had been considered "hot pro perty," but now things had taken a turn, and it was more than probable that mortgagees would foreclose wherever they saw a chance of doing bo. He informed his fellow-conspirator of what he had done, and waited patiently for Time's disclosures. To return to Hillingford. Mannish's letter arrived in due course, and Duncairn and Jack felt rather puzzled by it. " I suppose it'B all right," said the former. " Yes," said Jack, whose disposition was more sanguine, " make your mind easy, the other letter will turn up next mail." Mannish had mentioned in his letter that he believed Mr. Rawlings had sent a note of the same purport as his own ; but as we know that this had been consigned to the waste-paper basket, it had, of course, not arrived. " We must get rid of the sheep as soon as possible, and then you take Leah down to Ilia mere ; she's been looking like a ghost lately," was Jack's summing up of what lay before them. They had received an unexpected offer for the sheep, rather better than they had reckoned on, although the payment would mostly be made in longer bills than was quite convenient ; but they were hard at work delivering, and when they had finished Duncairn was going to take Leah who had of late been in delicate health—down to Illamere. " Joy go with you," said Dick the Devil, as he watched the dust from the last flock rising amongst the ironbarks. " I wish you'd never come near the place at aIL" Directly the sheep were gone, Duncairn started down with his wife, and it so fell out that when Vernon's telegram arrived at Grass dale, and his father at once rode over to show it to his neighbor, Duncairn was about leaving Port Ariel in the Brisbane steamer. Four days later Jack received kit by the mail, and on receipt of it he immediately left with a greatly disturbed mind. The cattle being in good working order, and Dick thoroughly to be trusted, he felt that he had better hasten down at once. Ready to jump from a feeling of implicit reliance on a man to one of the deepest distrust, Horace Vernon's telegram worked an immediate revul sion in his feelings of temporary security. He rode day and night, and reached Port Ariel just as a through steamer for Sydney, not calling at Brisbane, was about to leave the wharf. Dash ing off two hasty telegrams, one to Mr. Frampton and one to Vernon, he got on board as the last bell was ringing ; and on the day that Duncairn and his wife arrived at Illamere, Jack stepped "bore at Sydney, and was met by Horace. Ex- planations were soon made, and as it wu then only the twenty-fourth of the month they had plenty of time to upare. Horace at once told Jack that were he in pressing need of money he or his father would gladly accommodate him, but this, fortunately for Essingham's pride, he was able to thankfully decline. Mr. Frampton learnt from Duncaira the position in which they stood, and having at the time a large cash balance at the bank, in consequence of a recent sale of store cattle, he was able in a very ahort time, by meana of the wire, to put Jack in pos session of a sum large enough to liquidate all liabilities on Hillingferd, and transfer the debt to a more generous creditor. It was then in a comparatively contented frame of mind that he walked down with Vernon to the agent's office to request an immediate rendering of the amount of their claim. Perhaps had he known that in the passenger list of a northern steamer that left port the day before be" reached Sydney was the name of Adolpb.ua Suellet, who was going up to take possession of Hillingford for Messrs. Rawling and Burton, his feelings would have been more disturbed than they were. Jack went into the outer office, shook hands with Mannish, whom he did not suspect of com plicity in the deception—but who could not refrain from starting when he aaw Essingham— and desired an immediate interview with the principals. He was at once asked to walk into the private office, and did so, followed by Vernon. Burton, in an easy off-handed manner, ad vanced to meet him with outstretched hand : " Mr. Essiugham, glad to see you, and make your acquaintance." Not taking the smallest notice of the extended fingers, Jack looked him straight in the face and asked him which of the two partners he was addressing. " My name is Burton," said the other, turning very red in the face. "My partner, Mr. Raw lings, he motioned towards him as he mentioned the name, and went back to his seat trying to hide his annoyance at the cut inflicted on him. Rawlings, who had watched his partner's re oeption, and took his cue from it, nodded slightly but did not attempt to move from his chair. " I believe you have a claim of five thousand two hundred and fifty pounds upon Hillingford station, owned by Mr. Duncairn and me. There may be also some small items that I am not aware of, but whatever it is I wish you to render* it to me at once and I will discharge it." The two partners looked at each other rather blankly, then Rawlings said :— " You do not imagine that we can give you the amount of your liabilities to us at a moment's notice ; be good enough to call in to-morrow and we will then see about it" " It is now eleven o'clock," replied Jack, " I will call in again at three, and that will give you ample time to prepare whatever is necessary. Do you not think so V he added, turning to Vernon. " I should say so ; I think that it could be made out in ten minutes if they liked. » " We are busy now," said Rawlings, "if you will call in again at the hour you mention you will oblige üb." " D—n him for an upstart cad," said Burton as the door closed, this being a favorite epithet for men of his stamp to use, reflecting, as they think, a second-hand light upon their own pre tensions to be considered gentlemen. " For two pins I would have kicked him out of the office." " I hardly think that that would have been a safe game for you to try; but talk sense. Are we to put him off as long as possible, or let him square up as he wants to ?" " How the devil did he find out that we meant to foreclose. I know—it must have been that young sneak out there," and he shook his fist in the direction where the hapless Mannish was listening with a white face behind the door. " I don't think so. I think that Snellet must have let it out in young Vernon's hearing. You saw that it was he who came with Essingham." " Yes; the young hound wouldn't notice me, and he knows me well enough. By George, if Swellet has let it out that he was going up to take possession of Hillingford it will be the last billet he ever gets if I can help it." " But now to business," said the other. "I think that we had better settle up with him, and have done with it ; they are backed up too well for us. You leave me to deal with him this afternoon ; you are too violent." " All right; have it your own way; but I swear I'll be even with that fellow Essingham— refuse to shake hands with me . D—n him, I've kicked better men than him." and Mr. Ralph Burton fumed out of the office. Perhaps if he had said that he had been kicked by better (and worse) men than Jack he would have been nearer the mark. When Jack and Horace returned to the office at the specified time, Rawlings, without waiting for a word to be said, called to Mannish to bring in the accounts. Coldly and politely he went over them with Jack, took the cheque, and gave the necessary quittance with the air of an injured saint. Wise in his generation, he always ab stained from needlessly insulting a man whom he thought capable of returning it, and the con sequence was that Jack felt a lingering feeling that after all he might have been hasty in his conclusions. At this time, of course, he was not aware of Snellet's errand to the North. A telegram had been sent to the telegraph office, to be forwarded to Port Ariel, and there await Mr. Snellet's arrival, informing him that his mission was at end, and that he had better retrace his steps. But port of the Queensland line north of Rockhampton wa* reported as down, and no information could be given as to when commu nication would be restored. Jack finding that Vernon was going to remain some time longer in Bydney—Horace being then daily expecting the return of his mother and sister from a visit they were paying to some friends who lived about one hundred miles from Sydney—was easily prevailed upon to remain too ; and then as he intended to visit Illamere on his way home they could return to Queensland together. Eseingham for the first two or three days of his stay had taken a room at the Vaubern, as Horace Vernon was lodging there ; but finding his visit was likely to be prolonged, and having been elected an honorary member of the U—— Club, ha changed hi* quarters to then, » step not at all approved of by Milly, who—like most people do Booner or later—found that good natured actions in this world are not always appreciated at their proper value, or at what we imagine to be their proper value—generally Bpeaking a fancy price. Perhaps Vernon had passed over her share in the matter rather too lightly ; in fact, he did not know of the pains she had taken to worm the information out of Mannish upon his giving her the first hint that Esßingham was in difficulties ; and Jack thought that a handsome present would amply acquit him of his obligation toward* her. Remember ing the story she had at once told 'to him, and the pride with which she had ahown the ring that the old lady had given to her, he and Horace visited a jeweller's shop, and picked out two or three valuable articles of jewellery. He was rather astonished, and perhaps a little mortified, when he gave them to her, and she, if ahe did not actually refuse to take them, still accepted them in a very cold manner. Could he have seen her afterwards in her own room throw his present on to the floor, and sitting down upon her bed burst out crying bitterly, he would have quite agreed with the man who parodied Pope and said, that " The proper study of man kind is woman." "Does he think that I did it for that," she thought, getting up and bestowing a downright kick upon the innocent jewel-case. "If he had only taken my hand and looked at me as though he liked me a little while be thanked me, it was all I wanted or expected. I made a fool of myself once in my life, and he knows that I'd Booner have a kiss or a kind word from him than as many bracelets as would reach from here to Jericho. He might have thought better of me." When Jack left the Vaubern she concluded that he did it to avoid her, although, of course, such an idea was undreamt of by him, and after his departure she came to the conclusion that this was a very hard world indeed to live in, and so made herself as disagreeable as she could to every person she came in contact with. Hav ing fine talents in the way of using her tongue, and the devil's own temper to back it up with, this was a proceeding in which Bhe was eminently successful. George Essingham had received the hint which Mannish gave him, in accordance with his promise to Milly, in high dudgeon, and being prompted thereunto by his new friend, and having still a little money left, he had gone to Melbourne in company with Jones—so that neither his brother nor Vernon saw anything of him. Annie Vernon was of course delighted to find Jack in Sydney, and managed to get a good deal of escort duty out of him during their short stay. One night, under the influence of great pressure brought to bear upon him, he went to a ball, and having dutifully danced with the fair Annie twice, and feeling horribly bored, and an uncontrollable longing for a pip* and slippers, he was thinking that as Horace had signified his intention of coming he would be able to leave early with some show of decency. Just then an old German waltz tune—that he had heard many a time crashed out by a military band, under the shadow of the bronze statue of the "Alte Fritz"—was played. Thinking of his cousin Phillip and that old far-away life, he did not notice that Miss Vernon was standing in front of him. " Tou are without exception the most absent minded gentleman of my acquaintance. Do you know this ?" and she pointed to his name on her card. " I am dreadfully stupid and absent-minded to have forgotten such an engagement." " It would be strange if you had remembered it, considering I kept it for you of my own free will, and wrote your name down there, just this instant, while you were dreaming." "I am a barbarian, and unworthy of such kindness," said Jack, inwardly wishing that he had forgotten how to dance. He determined, however, to do his duty nobly, and Miss Vernon was soon going at the pace she admired, for having noticed that Jack's waltzing suited her fancy, she had for that reason, and not for lack of partners—for she was rather a belle—stormed and vanquished him. Miss Vernon had capital wind, if the expression be allowable, and chatted on all the time she and Jack were revolving. " Dear Rachel had not been well for some time before she left Queensland ; Jack would find her greatly altered. And what had come over George she did not know, but he certainly hadn't improved lately. I wish you had been with us this morning. I had great fun. I christened a steamer, only a small one though—a tug boat" "What did you call her?" " The Annie Laurie ; she would do for a namesake of mine, as my name is Annie Laura, and being intended for a tug boat you see there's some resemblance between us." " How's that ?" "Because I always like to have somebody in tow, you know. There's Horace !" she said as the music ceased, and Jack was staggering under this last coup. " Do take me over to him, will you !" "I called at the dub after you had left and found a telegram for you, which I have brought on with me," said Horace, drawing from his pocket and giving to Jack one of the familiar* looking envelopes. As they were in a quiet corner, and Miss Vernon had been claimed, and carried off by another partner, he opened and read it. "Come up.directly, Rachel is very iIL A. Duncairn," he read. He beckoned to Horace, and showed it to him, and even amidst the sharp pain he felt himself, wondered to see his face turn so white. " A steamer goes in the morning, say good-bye to your mother and sister for me, tell them why lam going." Squeezing Vernon's hand, he hurried away. " How grave you look, Horace," said his sister, when he rejoined her. " Tes, I have heard bad news." " What ? Nothing about papa T "No. Rachel Essingham is very ill, her brother has been telegraphed for; let as go home." " Oh, yes ; poor Rachel! Do let us go, I couldn't enjoy another dance," said Annie, who really liked her friend. When Milly saw Jack's name in the passenger* list she felt a very bitter feeling in her heart. "It wouldn't have been much trouble for him to have come and said good-bye to me," was her thought. "But he's ashamed of having been helped by me I shall begin to hate him directly." And her dark eyes flashed ominously. 