The Storyteller. My Story. BY DRAMINGO. I HAVE tried to relate the following adventure as plainly and truthfully as possible. That it appears simply wild and impossible, I well know: but I have herein related nothing but the facts. It was in the year 1*71 that tlirec of us left the Cloncurry diggings, intending to push through to P'irt Darwin, prospecting as we went. We reached to within <ine hundred miles of the Roper Kiver, when the strange event occurred which altered all our plans. My two companions wore named, respectively, Owen Uavy and Charles Morton Hawthorne : my name Ls James Druinnioiid. Davy wan an old friend : Hawthorne a comparative stranger. a well made, handsome fellow, middle aged. with dark eyes of peculiar force and brilliancy. He ha<l a haljit of looking intently into your eyes when speaking, with a weird stern look that would, without doubt, confuse any man of nervous temperament. His face Wii* j marked with a .-car extending in a diagonal direction across his upper lip : his mustache partly covered it, but you ciilJ trace the course of the seam by the unequal growth of the Lair. Davy and I had made his acquaintance by accident, about a fortnight before leaving tke Cloncurry. He had expressed a great wish to join us: when our proposed expedition w;ts spoken of, and it ended in his accompanying us. For the first few weeks we agreed together capitally : our new mate rnadii himself an agree able companion, and proved to be a good bush man. After a time, however, the novelty wore away, and he showed decided symptoms of lazi- | ness, besides assuming an authoritative, dicta torial tone, when any of our movements were under discussion. At last, beyond saddling his own horse' in the morning, and perhaps making a languid attempt to light a fire, he fairly shirked all his share of the necessary work of the camp. Davy, a hot-tempered little Welshman, had had I several quarrel* with him ; and one evening but ! for my interference they would have come to i blows. The conviction was forced upon me that j night that Hawthorne, in spite of his lordly airs \ and stern looking, black eyes, was at hottoni but a coward. I could see the look of relief come upm his face when I stepped between and in sisted upon the dispute ending ; and many times afterwards I saw gleams of hatred in his eyes that .showed the tiger cruelty he harbored within him. An older man than Davy, I had my temper more under control, and though I knew that Hawthorne disliked me, we managed to \ continue our intercourse with oue another upon j the terms of ordinary civility. In the days of ; good friendship, Hawthorne had contributed ; greatly to relieve the monotony of onr journey j by his brilliant and to a certain extent fasciua- j ting conversation ; he evidently knew a good j deal of the world, and of fast if not good society, j He had often spoken mysteriously of being in | possession of a wonderful secret, but his hints were always so vague, that Davy and I thought but little about the matter until after the strange ewnt occurred that I a:n going to relate. Davy and Hawthorne had ceased to speak to I each other ; the day's journey was generally per formed iu a moody, discontented luaYmer : and I was thinking of proposing to abandon all ! prospecting and make .straight for Port Darwin, when the whole aspect of affairs was suddenly changed. We had been out between four and five weeks, our horses were still in capital con dition, and our supply of rations good. Since leaving Bourketown we had not seen the face of a white man, we had met with but slight difficul ties with the blacks, and were now we thought withiuaboiitouehundredinilesof the Itoper River, | without haviug found the slightest indication of payable gold. Tins was the state of affairs ou the 31st of November, 1S71, when we unsaddled I for our midday camp ou the bank of a small ' creek. j The country through which we had been travelling for the last three days had been of a poor, sandy description, covered with forest tea- j trees and stunted in.ubark The ridges were ! ljadlv grassed, but here and there, on small flats j on the banks of the creeks, we got good picking j for the horses ; and it was on such a small flat, i situated in the bend of a sandy creek, that we j turned out on this particular day. After unpack ing, Davy t -ok the billies and went down to the creek to get water ; he wa3 some time away ; i when he came book he put the billies down, • and .said : i " I saw fresh horse tracks in the bed of the ; creek." j Hawthorne, who w:us kneeling down lighting '■■ a fire, l->oked up eagerly, but did not speak. j " Many ?" I asked. , " Seems only two," he replied ; " oue of them has been rolling in the sand." | " Who on earth can it be ?" I conjectured. ! " People prospecting or looking for country, I suppose. But if so, there must l>e more tracks about, for they would have more than two horses." ' " They may have left or lost them higher up ■ the creek : thf.y seem to have coiae down, and cannot be far otf, for the tracks were only made this morning." I Hawthorne had not before spokon ; he now remarked, hi a strangely conciliatory tone, that , " Davis was doubtless rLght—the horses must have come up the creek, and that if we followed the creek up, we should find the camp of their owners." ; Davy, who at any other time would have opposed any proposition emanating from Haw thorne, on principle, now seemed struck by the i altered tone of Hawthorne, and agreed with him i that it might l«e as well to spend the rest of the day ;ls prop <-:ud ; I gave my consent to the projHjsed vote, and in an evil hour we started on our fatal errand. i Davy a-i-1 Hawthorne went to gather the j horses together when our meal was over ; they ; found two strange horses had joined in with ; them—.1 bay and a chestnut, —Ixjth poor and .saddle-marked. As we expected to overtake the owners of them, we drove them on with our ; .span* horses. j We proceeded about five miles up the creek, • the country getting more broken and barren,. ; Small white sandy hills, covered with low wattle | .scrub, and here and there huge piles of granite boulders, .vere on either aide of the creek. The | creek itself had grown considerably deeper and : narrower during the last two miles, the bed of it being full of holes of white, milky looking ! water. The tracks of the two horses were plainly to be seen the whole way, crossing and ' recrossing the creek. Hawthorne was riding ahead, Davy and I were driving the horses after him ; presently we j saw him pull up, beckon to us, and then point ahead. We looked, and saw in the distance a bough humpy. We drove the horses up to , within a few hundred yards, and then left them , to fevd about ; the three of us rode on tu the ' camp. No tire was burning ; a few crows rose | up sis we approached, and flew awav, cawing j loudly. Davy rode his horse up close to the | guuyah. and peered through the boughs. "There's someone asleep inside," he said, and dismounted ; Hawthorne and I did the same. Davy entered the rude place unceremoniously. "Asleep, mate !'" he called out. No answer. " Hi !" he cried ; then stooped aud looked into the sleeper's fan-;. " By God, he's dead !'" Hawthorne and I crowded in, and saw a iu:m lying upon a blanket spread over .some dried grass, hi- hcalfe pillowed upon some articles of clothing folded neatly up. He was lying upon | his back, his eyes half open, no trace uf de- I composition visible; life seemed to have but lately :l«-d. Lifting my eyes from the dead man, I ha| ;>t-ned to uuuee Hawthorne ; and was st.irtle I !.y the look of combine.! joy and re cognit.oii visible in his face. Again"I looked upon -lie c-rpse, and the dread fancy .-ei/.ed me that lie do ul and >enseU-ss body was aware of the evil gla-io diiv<_t.-d um.ii it, ;u .,l that a fciirf;il, hauutfd, terrified look was now visible iu th.-. glaz.d eye'n.tlls. I 0 ,,,,i,i s::l j. , u , longer : calling to Davy. I hurried outside, Hawthorne, with a half conceded smile, following What were we to do .' was our next question. Examine the camp, aud see if we could find anv clue as to his name, was the unanimous opinion. We did <•). Outside the humpy were a riding saddle and a pack saddle, also a bridle and halter : inside were some ration bags, containing a little Hour, tea, aud sugar, an empty phial labelled fi Laudanum," a quart pot with .some tea leaves iu it, and a pint put smelling strongly of laudanum. That the man had poisoned hiui aelf was self evident ; his body was well nourished, ;ind free from any marks of violence. We next removed the articles of clothiug from underneath his head, and in the pockets found about thirteen pounds in notes and silver, and two horse receipts in favor of George Seamore ; underneath the pillow, as though pushed under neath, was a Letts' Diary, scribbled all over with writing in pencil; there were also auch slight articles as tobacco, pipe, and matche3. We then turefally examined the lx>dy. and made perfectly certain of the absence of life. He had been a tall man, with a line determined face, fair chest nut beard, and gray eyes ; the eyelids would not remain closed, and the eyes still seemed to me to wear a startled, .-hrinking look. We now unpacked our horses, arranged our own camp, and proceeded to dig a. grave, this of course being easy with our prospecting tools. Tb:it ta*k finished, it was growing dark, and we carried the ljody to the grave. I had a prayer b<»,k in my swajr, and read a part of the burial service over the Ijody : the sandy soil had proved easy digging, and the grave was about four iVet deep. The b<>dy was laid at the l«)tti>ni. rolled in the blanket on which we found it lying. We filled in the grave just ad it fell dark : I can see the whole scene before me as I write, the desolate looking hills, an unnaturally large red moon rising from behind them, and making tffe fantastic looking piles of boulders shuw black and grim against its light, my two companion-, and myself standing silent beside the mound of earth, ere we tuixed away. Xow, during the time that we had been digging the grave, Hawthorne left us and went down to the camp where the body was then b'"o > soon afterwards I called to him to ask him to bring some water when he came back. Receiving no answer, I went down myself, being thirsty from digging ; on passing through the camp I saw Hawthorne inside the bough humpy bending over the body, making what looked like mesmeric passes. I called out sharply to know what he was doing ; he started, and stammered out that he was only making sure that there were no indications of breathing. I said crossly that there seemed to be no occasion for that, and he went back to the grave. Afterour supper was finished I tried to decipher the writing in the diary, but it was too illegible to read without a great deal of trouble, so I put it away under my head when I turned in. From the little that I h;ul been able to make out, it seemed to be an account of the life of the man whom we had just buried, written by himself during his hist hours. We talked for some time of the strange affair, dropping off to sleep one by one ; we were .sleeping round the fire, having been too busy to pitch our tent. About the middle of the night, the moon then shining very brightly overhead, I was awakened bj feeling something moving beneath my head ; on lifting my head 1 saw Hawthorne feeling with his hand underneath my pillow. Angrily, I asked him what he was doing. He made no reply at first, but glared savagely at me, looking straight into my eyes, and seeming as though he would awe me by the very fierceuessof hisg-.uie ; i but my nerves were stroug, and I looked back boldly and defiantly, and saw his eyes drop bafiled ; but his strange superhuman look had affected me more than I was then'aware of. " I was feeling for your matches, mine are all used ; I am soitj- that I disturbed you," he said. I handed him my match-box without a word, ! and he went back to his blankets and lit his pipe. ! After a short time I again fell asleep, first feeling for the dead man's diary, as I felt certain that that w;ls the object of Hawthorne's search ; it was there where I had placed it. Once more was I disturbed ; Davy shook me by the shoulder, and called me by name. I raised myself and looked around. The cold ! breath of the coming dawn was making itself j felt ; the moon sinking low in the west gave but i a dim half light, and threw long shadows of the I stunted trees upon the white saudy soil around \ us ; a few tall gum trees on the bank of the creek standing out white and spectral like. Davy was standing beside my bed, evidently greatly excited. " What do you think," he said in a frightened whisper ; " Hawthorne has gone away with the dead man !" I stared at him in astonishment. " I saw him, saw him go, and aa I live, the dead man rode with him." My courage has been put to the test in many lands, and I do not think I have been found j wanting ; but I must confess that when this j weird communication was whispered into my ear > in the ghastly failing moonlight, in the desert j far from our fellow ruen, I felt a thrill of abject fear run through me. I laid my hand upon my companion's shoulder, and at the human contact the cowardly superstitious feeling that I had weakly given way to left me. " What can you mean .' How could he tike a dciul mau with him ?" I ii3ked. " I tell you that I saw them go. Listen ! Cau you hear anything?'' We b>th listened, holding our breath, but the dead silence was un broken ; not even the scream of a curlew or the howl of a native dog could be heard. " No," said Davy, " they are out of hearing now. A short time ago I awoke and thought that I heard the horses galloping about in their hobbles away down the creek. I put on my bouts, and taking my revolver, went down to see what was up, ;us I thought the blacks might be knocking about. When I got near where the horses were I heard a strange noise, and was on the point of turning back to call you, but changed my mind, and went a little closer, sneaking along under cover :is much as possible. I saw two men amongst the horses, catching and saddling some of them, saw them mount and come straight towards where I was hidden. 1 had my revolver ready to fire, when I saw that it was Hawthorne and -" he pointed towards the grave. " The man could not have been dead." " What time is it ?" said Davy, in reply. I looked around ; the dawn in the east was growing bright and clear. " Half-past 4 or so," I said, and stooped for my watch. " And what time was it when we buried the man f' my companion went on. " About I! o'clock.' " Say then that he was in a trance when we buried liim, would not the weight of earth have killed him .' would he not have been suffocated in less than an hour '(" I could only answer, " Ye--." " But," 1 was going onto say, "could not Hawthorne have dug him ui> directly W e went to sleep ;" and then I remembered that I had seen Hawthorne in the camp in the middle of the night. I looked for the book, and found it still under my pillow. I told Davy of the occurrence ; he was on his knees, busy making up the fire ; the bright cherry blaze seemed partly to scare away the dismnl horrors that lingered round the haunted camp. All Hawthorne's things were gone ; he and his unearthly companion must have carried them down to the horses. We both shuddered at the thought of the living corpse moving about the silent tamp, and stepping perhaps over our sleeping bodies. Our horses were all there, Hawthorne's four and the two stranger's being away. " Shall we track them up ?' I asked, when we were ready to start. " No, no !" said Davy. " Let us get away from here. I don't feel myself ; I feel quite nervous and cowed." So we started, first inspecting the grave, which we found empty. We pushed on during the ensuing few days ; and in my spare hours I managed to make out the blurred manuscript. The history revealed by it coincided so strangely with the scene that we had witnessed, that we could doubt the evidence of our senses no longer. It was so unheard of and incredible, and it brought back all the horrors of that night so forcibly and vividly, that our only wish was to reach a settle ment of fellow beings, in h,pe that our minds would cease to dwell and brood up j:i what we had seen. lv a little more than a fortnight we reached the overland telegraph line, aud fallowing it along, we tame to a working party ; and then Davy fell sick and could not travel. He i rapidly grew worse ; everybody was most kind, ' but we could do but little. I could the end not very far off. I \\\\\i* watching by his title oue evening, when he turned aud spoke to me. " I have told you all that I want you to do for me. excepting out thing, old fell ,w, ;md that is that when I die that you will watch over mv grave for at least a week : promise that you will save me from that horrible rieuJ ; make sure of it In-fore you leave me." I pressed his hand, and told him, " Yes." " Good-bye, old friend ; it's hard to die like this, but I feel easier since your promise." That night he died, and i was lei't alone, the sole possessor of the horrible secret. 1 dared not tell the others, for they would only have laughed at me ; but I determined not to break my word to the dead. We buried him the next morning near the line ; all hands knocked off work, and attended ; and then my watch commenced. They thought me mad thus to carry out a whim of my dead comrade's ; and had they known against what I sought to guard his body, they would have been sure of my insanity ; but I did not tell then. With snatches of broken re3t during the day time, I kept my promise for more than a week, until all semblance of life must have departed from the body underground ; and then, when my time expired and I could relinquish my armed watch (for man or ghoul, living being or ghost, J had determined that he should not make au attempt unscathed), I left po^ Davy in his lonely grave, with the silent messages that had travelled so many thousand miles flashing pa-:t hi* rAttag place, and hastened to port. I went to MelbouTne to recruit, and for a while forgot to a certain extent my hideous exj-erience ; until, after three years, I found my self here in Brisbane, and the ofeer day it was all brought home to me again. My resolution is taken—l will keep the story secret no longer. In a few days, if I live, I shall leave the colony, aud if the body of that poor wretch found no peace in the wilderness, perhaps the depths of the sea will be more kind to me, when my time comes. •(TO EE COX- TINTED.] 