VICTORIA. Melbourne, October 26. The new Ministry are now fairly at work in their several departments, but, as they have to stand the test of going before their constituents for re- election, they will not be able to attend to more than routine business for a week or two. The Premier, Sir James M'Culloch, will address bis constituents at Warrnam bool on Saturday evening, and several of the others will follow on Monday., The consideration shown to the Berry Ministry in not offering any opposition to their ? re-election is more than they are disposed .to reciprocate. To displace the Kerferd Ministry was in the eyes of the gentlemen who obtained their places a duty they owed their country, but their own dis placement they regard as a disgrace to every man who could be so base as to lend it the remotest assist ance. Hence we find one ex-Minister taking the chair at a ' monster' meeting to start a candidate in opposition to a member of the new Ministry, and several others of the late Ministry supporting him on the platform. There has been some talk of Mr. Berry resigning his «2at at Geelong to oppose the new Premier at Warrnambool, and ofMajor Smith, the late Minister of Mines, resigning his seat for Ballarat t» stand for re-election against the new Commissioner of Railways, who sits for the same constituency. This, however, is mere 'bounce,' Neither of these gentlemen would be simple enough to risk the result, and so their utmost efforts are being directed to find others to step in and do battle instead. We have been told several times by the organs of the late Ministry that everyone of the new men would have to fight for his seat, but the probability is that more than half of them will have a walk-over. The severest struggle will be in Ballarat, where a candidate of great local influence has been started in opposition to Mr. Joseph Jones, the Commissioner of Railways, and in West Beurke, where Dr. Madden, the Solicitor General, will be opposed by a gentleman, who repre sented the constituency for several years. Each party seems confident of success, but the Berry party are the most boastful of their certain victory. The result, however, may be found to belie all tlipir predictions. That every exertion of which the late Ministry and their party are eapahle will be put forth on this occa sion is beyond doubt ; and it may eventuate in the loss of one or even two of the seats, but even that is scarcely expected. Opposition organs are daily striving to mislead the public by putting a false issue before the country. Mr- Berry is lauded as the author of a land-tax which was to compel the wealthy classes to bear their fair share of the public burdens ; while Sir James M'Cul loch is represented as the mouthpiece and representa tive of the great landowners, whose determinatioa is to make the poor pay the taxes. This perversion of truth does not, of course, succeed with die staid and reflecting portion of the public, but there is, unfortu nately, too large a portion of every constituency whom nothing will influence but claptrap. The smallest amount of reflection is sufficient to dispossess Mr. Berry of any special claim to the merit of introducing a land-tax, seeing that he only modified the proposal of his predecessors ; and the objection raised to his scheme by Sir James M'Culloeh was not because he proposed to tax the wealthy landowners, but because he was unwilling to tax not only the great landowners, but the great house and other property holders. There can be no valid reason why a hundred thousand pounds worth ?f house property in Melbourne should be relieved from contributing to the public necessities any more than ten thousand pounds worth of grass land a hun dred miles away in the bush. Mr. Richard Morton's splendid herd of Shorthorns, from which so many stocks in several of the colonies havebeen improved, has now changed hands, but, for tunately for the colonies, has not been dispersed. There were 37 head, and the whole have been bought, with 10 3'oung calves at foot, by Messrs. Robertson, of Colac, for £27,000. The imported Bates bull Oxford Cherry Duke is amongst them, and the price put upon him was £2500. The Duke's progeny realised at Mr. Morton's last sale (reported in the Sydney Morning Herald) an average of £41)8. Messrs. Robertson's own herd was a good one, but it will now constitute one of the most splendid stocks in this hemisphere. Amongst the agencies which have been called into existence by the philanthropic spirit of the age for combating the multiform evils of our social life is a ' Discharged Prisoners Aid Society,' and it has accomplished much amongst the male portion of the criminal class in providing inducements to a return to honest industry, and an abandonment of the 'road to ruin.' The 'difficulties in the way of dealing with the reclamation of female criminals have hitherto pre vented the committee from doing much for them, but the necessity which exists of extending the operations of the society to females has always been present in the minds of the more earnest members, and it has bow been determined that some steps shall at once be taken in the direction required. The report of the sub-committee who have had this matter referred to them, says, ' The difficulties attending the Bourse to be pursued in the case of female discharged prisoners are much greater than those in connection with male prisoners. The latter can be received into a lodging-house, and from thence be distributed into the country districts, as there may be calls for labour, or assisted to proceed to other settlements where, their past career being unknown, they may have opportunity of returning to the paths of recti tude and become honest and useful members of society. But female discharged prisoners cannot thus be dealt with. As the time draws near for the expiry of their sentence, their constant inquiiy is — ' What ?an I do ? Where can I go r ' And although there are refuges for prostitutes desirous to reform, yet these, however -excellent, are not altogether suitable for many of those who some out of prison.' The report points out the difficulties of introducing females direct from prison to respectable houses, and there can be no doubt that some place needs to be provided in which the good resolutions of those who express a desire to return to virtuous and honest courses may be tested and some guarantee obtained for their future goodconduct. This has been done already with marked success in England and America, where 'Refuges' have been established in which the inmates are trained in all branches of domestic service and in needlework, so that, if their conduct warrants it, tliey may be drafted off into respectable situations. The Refuge, in fact, acts as a filter between the prison and the public. The committee, therefore, say — ' It seems, then, that steps should be taken, without delay, to provide an industrial home, under the superintendence of a suitable matron, for the discharged female prisoners, where the inmates would be required to remain for a certain time, and expected to eneage in work of various kinds, not only to qualify themselves for future usefulness, but also as a test of their desire to reform, and to aid in defraying the expenses of such an establishment.' It is depressing enough to think about the statistics of crime amohgst men, but when we come to con template the fearful effects of woman's degradation under the various forms of guilt which bring them under the power of the law, we must all desire to aid such efforts as are put forth for their reclamation. From the last report of our Inspector-General of Prisons we learn that during 1874 there were 1290 females received into our prisons. It is quite time therefore that we set about the erection of this 'Home of Industry,' in which it may be hoped that many of them may be saved from life-long degradation and hopeless ruin. The Sydney postal card having proved such a success, there can be little doubt that our Post Office authorities will soon have to introduce it. At present circulars, and even open cards, are sent by post under the packet arrangement with a penny stamp, but the full benefit of the penny card can only be obtained by such a system as that just adopted in your colony, and which is also used to an enormous extent in England. I mentioned in a previous letter that Mr. Coppin had a motion on the parliamentary notice paper in reference to it, and yesterday the committee of the Chamber of Commerce determined to urge upon the Government its early adoption. We have not been particularly successful with our literary productions in the shape of magazines, but the various attempts at supplying the public with local literature seem to imply t£e existence of a demand for it. Some of these* attempts did not de serve to succeed, and the failure or success of each has been generally in proportion to the quality of the production. Whether we have amongst us the requi site talent for still higher flights in literature remains to be seen, but some of our writers appear to think we have, and so a quarterly is to be brought out under, the title of the Melbourne Review. It is to be similar in size and appearance to the Fortnightly Review, and to be conducted somewhat on the principles of the latter and of the Contemporary, and to combine some of the features of a magazine with those of a review. There is a somewhat entertaining article in this morning's Age on the lacteal capabilities of the State cow. The number and variety of the race to whom ?he give® constant sustenance is certainlywonderf ul. There is our Legislature, for example, every member of which draws. his £300 per annum, besides the £14,000 extra 'which is divided amongst Ministers, the extra salaries to President, Speaker, Chairmen of Committees, and so forth, and the result to the coun try this year, in substantial legislation, is as yet nil. But another instructive feature of State officialdom is the number of those who, are always enjoying leave_of absence from some cause or other, many of them for several months together. The article I am referring to says : — ' At the present moment, the two highest officers in ths State, with the largest salaries attached to them, are filled by deputy. W e have an Acting Governor and ail Actiiic Chief Justice. We also either have now, or have had, during the last twelve months, an Acting Under Secretary, an Acting- Clerk of the Legislative Council, an Acting Clerk of the Executive Council, an Acting Chief Commis sioner of Insolvency, an Acting Master in Equity, an Act ting Prothonotary, an Acting Engineer-in-chief, an Acting Government Printer, and numerous other persons of tower rank in the public servioe fining the places of officers absent on leave, it is the rule rather than the exception to have one or more Acting County Court Judges. The country which possesses a State cow that can bear alt tha drain upon her indicated by these facts without kicking, or without murmuring, must indeed be the true Victoria Felix:' . ' The general opinion, no doubt, is that all this makes very little difference to the country in the matter of cost, but it is not so. The Acting Governor gets kis £5000 per annum in addition to his £3500 as Chief Justice., The temporary Chief Justice gets the addition to his salary which he would have received if appointed permanently ; the various officers of alt grades who are appointed temporarily to fill the places of the absent officers in the rank above them get their extra pay and so the State cow is called upon to give out an additional supply at eveiy teat. If we do not succeed in getting Australian wines admitted into English ports under the lower duty of Is. per gallon, we at least deserve to do so. The in vestigations and experiments of the two Inspectors of Distilleries of New South Wales and Victoria respectively have established the fact that many, of our wines aevelope a larger proportion of proof spirit than the 26 - per cent, which had been accepted in England as the maximum strength of unfortified wines, and this has probably by this tufte been duly, represented to the home authorities by the Agents General of the two colonies; but it is still more satisfactory to hear that it is the intention of the Hon. Mr. Forster to follow up the matter on his reaching London by specially interviewing the Presi dent of the Board of Trade on the subject. f It is a pity that Hospital Sunday had not been delayed one week longer. The wet weather during the last two years had induced the committee to fix it for a, month later this year, but we had a gusty showery day notwithstanding. Last Sunday, how ever, was. one of the finest days we have yet been favoured with, and the postponed outdoor ' Services ©f Song,' which had been arranged to come off then instead of on the previons Sunday, attracted large crowds. The one in the Royal Park was attended by about 20,000 people, and 3000 children with several bands of music contributed the musical portion of the service. The total amount collected for the Melbourne charities, as far as at present reported, is within a fraction of £500, and there will doubtless be some small further additions to the funds even yet. The prevalence of scarlet fever has had the effect of arousing the dormant energies of some of the sub urban Councils, as well as the Health Committee of the City Corporation. Steps are being taken to cleanse the miserable dens in which the uncleanly people of our back slums drag out their existence. Cesspits are being closed, waterholes filled up, drain age improved, and general cleanliness -enforced as far as possible ; and it is hoped that the epidemic will not prove so fatal as was feared a week or two ago. In order that what is done shall be done intelligently and cheerfully, sanitary lectures are being delivered in some of the more populous neighbourhoods. The Central Board of Health are also demanding of the Government some increased powers and amendments of the Public Health Act. One provision, which is said to be in accordance with the imperial Bill, is : — ' Prevention of Infection. — The following acts to be punishable : — Letting infected houses or rooms before disinfected to the satisfaction of the local Board of Health. Owners of public vehicles which have con veyed persons with infectious disease letting the same for hire till disinfected. Persons suffering from in fectious disease exposing themselves without precau tion against the spread of the disease. Persons iu whose dwellings infectious disease is present allowing any clothing, bedding, &c.;, to be sent out without disinfection. Local Boards to have power to provide temporary hospitals.' The Chief Secretary has pro mised to bring in a short bill to abolish cesspits ; but that is all that can be expected from Parliament in the present ghost of a session. A Fatal Assault. — A brutal wife apsault, the victim of which has since died, is reported in the Argut to have taken place on Sunday night last at St. Kilda. It appears tbat the deceased, Elizabeth Thomson Fulton, re siding at Camden-street, St. Kilda, has been veiy ill for some months past, Buffering from dropsy, and was under the care of Mr. Rankin. Her husband, William Fulton, was up the country working for some time past, but her case being considered extremely serious, he was sent for and returned home last week. On Ms arrival, however, his wife appeared to have greatly recovered, and Fulton then went on a drunken spree. He came back to the house on Sunday night drunk, and turned the woman who was at tending his wife out of the house. He also turned out his son, a lad of about 16 years, who was frightened by his father's violence, although he did not wish to leave his mother. The boy, after remaining away for about two hours, returned to the house between 10 and 11 o'clock, when he found his mother lying on the bed, covered with blood, and his father lying across the bed, undressed, asleep. The boy becoming frightened, ran out of the house to look for the police, but not seeing any constable near, he went and informed Mr. Gough, plumber, his uncle, that ho thought his mother was killed. Mr. Gough immediately sent for the police, who at once arrested Fulton. Mr. Rankin was also soon in attendance, and. on examining Mrs. Fulton, found a deep wound on the temple, from which a great deal of blood had flowed. Everything possible was done, but the unfortunate woman, although not dead when Mr. Kankin arrived, never fully recovered consciousness, and died at a quarter past 6 o'clock on Monday morning. Fulton was yesterday brought before the St. Kilda Bench on a charge of wounding with intent to do bodily harm. The case, however, was not gone into, and the prisoner was remanded until Friday next. An inquest mil be held at the Alma Hotel, Chapel-street, upon the body of the de ceased. Fulton, although only a labourer, is stated to pos sess property at St. Kilda to the value of £500 or £600. Tbe Melbouene School fob Cookbhy. — We learn from the Argus that this school, established iu con nection with the Mellxmrne Home, has proved a success than was hoped for by the promoters. Three courses of lessons have already been given, and each course was attended by a largo number of pupils. Another course was commenced yesterday, for which 20 pupils h*ve a ready entered. The course consists of ten lessons, which can, at the wish of the pupils, be distributed over a month. Tne ladies who have studied under M. Lover express great satisfaction at his style of teaching, which is both thorough, and practical. The pupils up to the present, time have principally belonged to the wealthier classes, but (here ara t-igns of 'the movement becoming fashionable amongst those whom it would benefit in a greater degree. 