HOME NEW,S FliOM .1 FliliX OH FOIST OF VIEW. (n:o.u ouii nivs ci.>iihi'..-si'oniiknt.) P.utls. 15;li May. Thotiis- lution is approached by short and easy stag'-.-; Ii.ioi; liked to he particular iti date-;, hut (he Assembly does.not; it had i.o; the c ini;i^' to ;:o fuither 111 hi pr .ii()iiuc nfr :i "moral dai," fur £:.a proposed hicjtiLYt; so f r .',o good. I:, is best not to look a gift-horse in the month. and acceptance of tin; principle of imineMatf! ilissol :tion, a< inter preted by decreeing the ces-aiion of tin: partial elections, ia a great advance upon tin- p.Mi>ul. when fiie legislalois, in ail Hie pride, pomp, ami circuin stance of the nnti-Thiers coalition thria'cned to bold on for ever, or iater, when th"y propo.-ed de parting tin's life only with JIarsii.il .1!'.Malum. Tuorc is apparently no desire to obstruct t.ho gene ra! elections in sin,' aii.'iimn. All feel tli.it when tlni event-has toca.ne off, it weie well that it were done quickly. Ha tsay we all of us. Keal tv cessary business only will bo executed, and that. at. express spe.'d. No Chamber nan surpass the French in massacring innocents, or closing an unnecessary discussion. Happily, long speeches are not in favor at. Versailles; this is a groat redeeming virtue. The .Ministry is apparently resolved to maintain a masterly inactivity. £uci> an attitude cuts both ways; its position is very delicate, and the situa-t lion must be nunaifed with great circumspection.' Thiers says of At. liull'ett, the Chief of tho Cabi net, that he is going on excellently, only ho ought to put a little moie oil in his salad. As the French themselves correctly divined, the tumors of their Ileitis attacked by Germany, with out giving any provocation, save their rapid resto ration to politic il and material good health, was all a bottle of smoke — straws thrown up to seoliow the wind was bk-wing. Nought can make Franco me if she but to herself do prove true. And tho I'Vouch do comprehend po.feotly til ir duties at ' lie present moment both at li'Oue and abroad. The disarray, and the gyrations of tho Imperi ilists form tlto only <list:\ccti<mi in home politics. They are allowed full iitirrty, if not license, to niourn the hopes that leave them. lij" the election of IF. John f.cmoinc to the French Academy, j.mrunUsm has received a groat honor from the " Immortals," as all L"tnaine's literary baggage consisted in his sparkling news pap-Tar icles. more witty and epigrammatic than historically accurate or resting on facta, lie belongs to the best, and peril ips with two more exemptions, the only serious and reliable newspapers in Franc-; —the rest a ft but leather and prunells. II,s articles in the Dcbalx ever dazzling, make the tour of tlic world. I [ion they are always short leaders, generally about half a column in length, and totally ill opposition to tile linked sweetness, long dra.vn out, of the like contributions in the press of -ft;ier countries, M, l.enioine is about .sixty years of age, middle heigh t, and sle -dor; he is probably the I ast personally known of all the publicists of I'rauceto Parisi ms, because he shuns di play, and his birth and long residence in Knglaud, lias inv pre-ncd upon him seme of Uie seveiity of liuglish manneis. He speaks Knglish ttuenily, ml is tho " occasional co: respondent,' .is was h.s predecessor l'reyast Paradol, for two of the chief London dailies, lie is said to think like an Kngiishman, but to wtitc like a Frenchman. During til ■ "'fusion epoch" he was a icrvent llay.Vist one day, and a warm Kcpub lean the next. All this never injures in Franco ; it makes people laugh, and hence is accopta-blc. JL lj- moine is a very hi"h employe in the Kotlischihl establishment, presiding over the department of .Spanish finances, whioii at 110 time ought to be a sinecure. Lemoiu-i is not so original a writer as do Girardin; the lat.tor's great talent is marred by eccentricity, and he seems t> regaid consistency as only a. matter of a, day's devotion. Tallyrand counselled to tell a lie if it would only serve your purpose for twenty-four hours. Kmilo de G.iardin is said to be til - illegitimate son of '.outs Phil ppe; at all events, from being a waif am1, s-ray of society in his infancy, he h.'w bcconie a millionaire. lie illustrates tho French aplio! Ism, eve y thing leans to lit'Tutur^, provided you leave it. lie is still connected with the press, but rathev commercially than otherwise; lie devotes most of his attention to the famous Zc Petit Joa, iud, selling for a sous, and it is his hobby to try and bring its circulation up to '.vhat it att,'titled under its original owikts, Mtlland and tiie well known Tiniothie I'limm. He sold La Libr'rte, once a tine property, but now only a shadow, owing to its iinperta'ist politics, to his nephew , and converted the litter to the plebiscite dootrinej de Uirari'm now scouts the doctrine of appeal to the people," ami so far he is in har mony with f ranee; the nephew's hair stands on end at this chopping round, and he li. h just replied, by pi in ting A-ido by ,-ide Girardi.i's nortu and south pole opinions; ctti bono here. iM, Jules rjimoii has not been so /oituuate at tiie Academy as tho applicant for the fautenil, left vao mt by the death of Guizot; he- was. however, as good as his rival Dumas, as neither h iving attained the required number of votes, the election has been postponed for six months. This contest was the most exciting, an it. was a trial of streng'h between political and religious parties. Dumas is a ccle bi a ted chemist, and is, in addition, a Ilouap .rtist and I ltramoutist, .Titles pinion is neither one nor the other, but a distinguished publicist ami a follower of Thiers. The odds are in his favor, and Lemoinc will vote for liiin. The weakness still exists for worshipp:'ig graven political images, as if tho lumber-rooms of the -Mayoralities were not already encumbered with the »1 I busts of ancient Sovereigns ami former Re publics. The municipality of rails -s to have its bust of Our Lady of the It.epublic. I'erhaps this is intended as a. slight set-oil' to the de-patch of en gravings of Marshal .Mac.Uahon, to be suspended in the Council Chambers throughout the. land. 'he Marshal is best honored by avowing him to keep the even tenor of Ins way. The l'aris muni cipality arc downright uoaHsts; they regard the tomb of Abelard and Helui.se in Pole la Chase Cemetery as a riyth, and question an outlay to re storo the monument. At the rate the world is pro gressing, not a legend will bv left standing; even as it is, the most popular work is that devoted to demolishing the character of iVapoleon I, us set up by Ihiers. Napoleon III is beneath iiomolition. In fact, nothing is but what is not. .Russia being now the arbiter of Europe—what a change within twenty years— .11 that concerns the Czar is interesting. Even before and since his romantic marriage, he is suhjcct to lies of melan choly and dreaminess. Lie likes to live for a while absorbed in h.mself, to wander iucloudland, and to feel emancipated from the splendours which surround him. Northern nations are liable to these fits of silence and seclusion, -and a weakness for dreamland is considered as an indication of a life of peace. Men of iron and Moot never dream; history makes ho mention that Diimarck devotes linn-elf to such n luxury. Put Alexander I!, is not less a practical man; he never parts with tiie prey for tho shadow, still less to engage in a tournament for the simpl-j pleasure of parading. Ho lirst of all aims at tho interest of his empire, ill the future as well as in the present, and all that does not lead up to this leaves hin\ co d anil in different. J5e as.-ured where Russia cm benefit she will not hesitate to interfere, with the sword if necessary; outside this Ku'sia will only afford it benevolent mediation, l^it never an effective assist ance. The moral hence, is that Prussia, hivi g no tnateiial guarantee to nlfer the Czar, there being no Blink Sea treaty to toar up, and the march Indian-wards not being pressing, Russia will not cotiuive at tho breaking of the peace of Kuione. Q K.JX 1 People though not Catholics can admire the Pope us a worthy old gentleman, and Catholics can venerate hiiti without adopting his politics. It is thus that the celebration of the anniversary of his birthday was so respectfully observed in Paris. Besides, the Fiench will never go to war ou behalf of his temporal power. The Queen of Spain, who lost her crown for him, ran up a brand-new Spanish 11 ig on the day in question, ami no one ever objected to her display of fidelity. The tobacco question unites all smokers, be their political or religious principles what they may. The manufacture of tobacco in France is a Government monopoly, and a very remunera tive one into the bargain. Cigars, cigarettes, sontados, or hav.iunas, all aro abused, like bad weather. To read the chapter of com plaints, the Govoruinent tobacco would bo nothing more than a compound of the seven capital sins, some, encourage i by the minor that frag ments of telegraph posti and railway sleepers have been found in it, do not despair of yet lighting upon tho Lost Tribes. Abuse the Frenci weijd as may be it can justly say to that manufactured in neighbor ing commies, "Stand aside! I am holier than thou." The origin of the monop-dy dates from 1810, when Napoleon, struck by the blaze of dia monds 011 a lady present at tho Court ball, was in formed she was the wife of a tobacco manufac turer. A few weeks later an In;p' rial decree was issued decreeing the manufacture of tobacco to be a Government monopoly. It is a tax never crumbled at, and rewards this tenderness of appreciation by becoming more productive the more it is weighted with, imposts. It is said that it takes a score of men to make a p;n; now, it requires three years and four months tu make a pinch of snuff, owing to the storages tho raw and manufactured material has to undergo; like wine and brandy it improves by keeping. The cigars are prepared by mixing tobacco from several countri-s and districts in stated proportions. Tiie democratic cigar, at one sous, is the product of no less thau ten different varieties of home and foreign loaf. To believe fomo statistician's, the increase in the consumption of tobacco is mathematically proportioned to the augmentation of the cases of insanity; hence the war against nicotine. It is a fact that tho tobacc > which produces vertigo aud sickness is that con taining the least percentage of nicotine; for example, the lomlrct cigar has but one per cent of nicotine, and Turkish tobacco less, yet both affect the liea-i, the heart, and the stomach of many. It is the perfume, the aroma, the essential oils thatdo the mischief, and to which one must become accustomed, as co s to be skinned. The ease of a smoker beiu£ killed by nicotine is as rare as a man disappearing by spontaneous combustion. It requires no ghost to prove the rajrirl revival of trade and commerce in Paris. There is a marked increase in the number of those shops devoted to tile sale of the delicacies of the season; as well as of ware-rooms devoted to new furniture—the latter of very beautiful rud rare designs, in industrial art tho French arc becoming more and more incom parable. This remark tloes not apply to pictures, which, however, are largely produced, like razors, to soil to purchasers who base their oifors on the average price of room-paper. A lady ouce observed to mc, a sure sign of prosperity of a people is not alone ill the number of its milliners' shops, but in the variety of the shapes, &e;, 03 posed. Judged by th s standard, Paris must be the most thriving place in tho world. A less esthctic.il index is thus daily before my eyes. Tho number of barges and tug-boats that ascend and oescend the river, laden with cargo, is double iiow what- it v.-is last year. Tho lilac has nearly ;roiic, A thing of b auty is not in every case a joy for cv, r. To t u su ceeds those pretty flowers, of young girls dressed in white, on paged in the duties oi continuation. Thev are more numerous this yc.-.r also. People perhaps am He coming more devout--if so, so much the better—or the population is increasin/, which al-o meiir-s felicity. Not; only the laces, but tho concerts m tho Champs JClysees nre capital places for mtajt.r iug the well-be ins of Paris. iloth, as the omni buses signals are, cat cohizUt. Tile concert in c^ues tion is atill traditionally corrcct. Ko hi :ok slurp are ever alloivid to ciitpf there. It i.i nor. that Udicsaro called upon to show their marring* co; t fioates before beim; admirreil, lur. Micro is a janitor at the gate, wh"s:! judgment i:e?cr fail* in drawing tho lino between virtue and vice, and who has served his apprenticeship at thy Jaidtn Mobille —the best of diplomas. The annua! fete of .Jeanne d'Are Is,is been e-.le brated with all honors at Orleans, and the selected prcacher demanded from his heareis to havo only the simple faith of tho Maid for her country and for her God, Something ou:;ht to bo done to make the bishop of the dioctpp move m,>re iju ckly in completing tho pieluninario^ for bur canonic ition. .Mgr. Oap.m.'oud promise* to be Ds ted ou.s ax the famous Constitutional Committee of Thirty; bo ou{;ht to ask leave of absence from the Assembly to bring his patriotic work to a close. A warning to lover.* who meet alone, hut uot by moonlight. A young man had an assignation with his intended on th- banks of the ca-al at St J)-'nis, and while discu^ing, in walking, the fixing of the day for their marti'go, Mie poor girl stumbled into the watei, and was diowned before ai.siMancj arrived. Paris has an immigration from IJ.dgium every February, lasting till May, of about 8,»U0 work men; their labor is not to plait straw, but to stitch the latter together info hats, a good worker can gain eight francs per day. A new locomotive is patented—it marches, not upon wheels, but on ro lers resembling tho legs of a fat man. A bachelor, and rich, advertiser that he is we;».ry of dining alone, and that he. will gratuitously share his daily bread with a g-mtiomau producing the evidence of being cultivated and enjoying an in come of 50,ODD francs a year. O'Connor Tim Would-iu: Kkgicidi:.—U ap pears that after nil, thero is sonic slight founda tion for the Itcrah! telegram mentioned in our issue of yesterday. An English papor states that the lad O'Connor, whose public outrage on the Queen on the day after the public thanks giving for the recovery of the I'rincc of Wales, will be remembered, whs taken in custody on tho day of the Drawing Koom, on tlio 5th .May, at the precise point near the railings in Buckingham 1'alace where he made his previous attempt anil was arrested. It will lie remembered that.on the former occasion strong medical testimony was tendered of the boy's insanity. Had due weight been assigned to that evidence, O'Connor would li.ive been placed in safe keeping and under proper care, and Her Majesty would not have been exposed to the further risk incidental to the insane impulses of this lad, whose lunacy is now placed beyond doubt, and who has now been con signed to ilanwell bv the order of Sir Xhos. Henry, based upon two medical certificates. It will be remembered that the sentence upon O'Connor, who presented a llint pistol at the Queen with one hand, and a petition for the re lease of the i'euian prisoners with the other, was to one year's imprisonment, and a whipping with a birch rod. The latter part of the punish ment, it is understood, was not indicted. On his release he was sent to Australia, and has fre quently since forwarded letters to this country, containing unquestionable proofs of mental aberration. liecently lie found his way back to Knghuul, atul here he has also afforded evidence of insane tendencies and dangerous impulses. On the day of the Drawing Koom, he was recog nised by detectives on duty in the neighborhood of Buckingham I'alace, at the very spot where his previous outrage was committed. lie is alleged to be the subject of both suicidal and homicidal impulse, besides other dangerous mental aberrations, lie is a descendant of Fergus O'Connor, who died insane, after com mitting n dangerous assault upon a member of the House of Commons in the lobby of the House. JiuNuioo Hospital. — Report for the week sliding :>Gth .Jline. JL'atieuts in hospital l'.)th June, 11;".j 17 admitted during the week; ifi discharged; 3 died; 111 remain in hospital Messrs. Colin, Buckley and Bayne members of the visiting committee, attended on 2:ind June, and considered S applications for out-door relief, all of which were granted. Tutal number of out-patients for the week 110. 