TALES. \ ST. MICHAEL AND ST. GEORGE. Bx GEORGE MACDONALD, LL.D. {The right of publication in Australia of this tale has been purchased by the proprietors of the Sydney Mail.] Chapter LTIL— The Skeleton The death of the Marquis took place in December, long before which time the second Marquis of Wor cester, ever busy in the King's affaire, and unable to show himself with safety in England, or there be use ful, had gone from Ireland to Paris. As the country was now a good deal quieter, and there was nothing to detain her in London, and much to draw her to Wyfern, Dorothy resolved to go home, , and there, if possible, remain. Indeed, there was now nothing else she could well do, except visit Mr. Her bert at Llanguttock, But, much as she revered and loved the old man, and would enjoy his company, she felt such a longing for activity — a longing which'could must indulge it, at least so far as to go and look after her own affairs. What with the words of the good Marquis and her own late experiences and con flicts, Dorothy had gained much enlighten ment. She had learned that well- being is a condition of inward calm, resting upon yet deeper harmonies of being, and resulting in serene activity, the prevention of which natural result reacts in perturbation and confusion of thought and feeling. But for many sakes the thought of home was in itself precious and enticing to her. It was full of clear memories of her mother, and vague memories of her iather, nor to mention memories of the childhood Richard and she had spent together, from which the late mists had begun to rise, and rereal them, sparkling with dew and sunshine. So as soon, there fore, as Marquis Henry had gone to Countess Anne, Doroth} took her leave, with many kind words between, of the Ladies Elizabeth, Anne, and Mary, and set out, attended by her old bailiff and some of the men of her small tenantry, who having fought the King's battle in vain, had gone home again, to fight their own. At 'Wyfern she found everything in rigid order, almost cataleptic xepose. How was it ever to be home again; What new thing could restore the ? ttomefulness where the revered over-life had van ished? How shall the world be warmed and brightened to him who knows no greater or better man than Jiimself therein — no more skilful work man, no diviner thinker, no more godlikfce doer than himself? And what can . the universe have in it of home, of country, nay even of world, to him who can not believe in a soul of sauls, a heart of hearts? I should fall out with the very beating of the heart within my bosom, did I not believe it the pulse of the infinite heart, for how else should it be heart of mine t I made it not, and any moment it may seem to fail me, yet never, if it be what I think it, can it betray me. It is no wonder, then, Jthat, with ?nly memories of what had been to render it lovely in her eyes, Doro thy should have soon be gun to feel the place lonely. The very next morning after her rather late arri val, she sent to saddle Dick once more, called Marquis, and with no ether attendant set out to see what they had done to dear old Raglan. Mar quis had been chained up almost all the time they were in London, and free dom is blessed even to a dog : Dick was ever joyful under his mistress, and ? now was merry 'witii the keen invigorating air of a frosty December morning, and frolicsome amidst the early snow, which lay unusually thick on the ground, notwithstanding his hundred and twenty miles' ride, for they had taken nearly a week to do it; so that between them they soon raised. Dorothy's spirits also, and she turned to her hopes, and so grew cheerful. This mood made her the less prepared to encounter the change that awaited her. What a change it was ! Outside the castle, what with the .trees left, and the towers, the rampart, and the outer shell of the courts little injured to the distant eye, she had not an idea of the devastation within. But when she rode through one entrance after another with the gates torn from their hinges, crossed the moat by a mound of earth instead of the drawbridge, and rode through, the open gateway, where the portcullises were .-wedged up in their grooves and the chains gone, into the paved court, she beheld a desolation at sight of which her heart seemed to stand still in her bosom. The rugged horror of the heap of ruins was softly covered with snow, but what thus took from the deso lation in harshness, it added in coldness and deser tion and hopelessness. She felt like one -who looks for the corpse of his friend, and finds but his skeleton. The broken bones of the house stuck out gaunt and ragged. Its eyes returned no shine — th'eydid not even stare, for not a pane of glass was left in a win dow : they were but eye-holes, black and. blank with shadow and no-ness. The roofs were gone— all but that of the great hall, which they had not dared to touch. She climbed the grand staircase, open to the wind and slippery with ice, and reached her own room. Snow lay on the floor, which had swollen and burst upwards with November rains. Through room after room she wandered with a sense of loneliness and desolation end desertion such as never before had .ahe known even in her worst dreams. Yet was there to her, in the midst of her, sorrow and loss, a strange fascination in the scene. Such a hive of burning human burning life now cold and silent ! Even Mar quis appeared aware of the change, for with, tucked in tail he went about sadly sniffing, and gazing up and dowo. Once indeed, and only once, he turned bis face to the heavens, and gave a strange protesting howl, which made Dorothy weep, and a little relieved her oppressed heart. She Tronld go and see the workshop. But on the: I way she would first visit jthe turret chamber. So strangely had destruction altered the look of what it had spared, that it was with difficulty she recognised the doors and ways of- the place she had once known so well. Here was a great hole to the shining snow, where once had been a dark comer ; there a heap of stones where once had been a carpetted corridor. All the human look of indwelling had passed away. Where she had been used to go about -as if by instinct, she had now to fall back upon memory, and call up again, with an effort sometimes painful in its difficulty, that which had passed away altogether except from the minds of its scattered household. She found the door of the turret chamber, but that was all she found. The chamber was gone. Nothing was there but the blank gap in the wall, and beyond it, far down, the nearly empty moat of the tower. She turned, -frightened and sick at heart, and made her way to the bridge. That still stood, but the drawbridge above was gone. She crossed the moat and entered the workshop. A single glance took m all that was left of the keep. Not a floor was between her and the sky ! The great reservoir, like a moun tain-tarn, had vanished utterly ! All was cleared out ; and the white wintry clouds were sailing over her head. Nearly a third part of the walls had been brought almost to the ground. The furnace was gone — all but its mason- work. It was like the change of centuries rather than months. The castle had half-melted away. Its idea was blotted out, save from the human spirit. She turned from the workshop, in positive pain of body at the sight, and wandered she hardly knew whither, till she found herself in Lady Glamor gan's parlour. There was left a single broken chair : she sat down on it, closed her eyes, and laid back her head. She opened them with a slight start; there stood Richard a yard or two away. He had heard of her return, and gone at once to Wyfern. There learning whither she had gone, he had followed, and tracking what of her footsteps he could discover, had at length found her. Chapter LYIII. — Love asd no Leasing. Their eyes met in the flashes of a double sunrise. Their hands met, but the hand of each grasped the heart of the . other. Two honester or purer souls never looked out of their windows with meeting gaze. Had there been no bodies to divide them they would have mingled in a rapture of faith and high content. The desolation was gone ; the desert bloomed and blossomed as the rose. To Dorothy it was for a moment as if Raglan were rebuilt ; the ruin and the winter had vanished before the creative, therefore, prophetic throb of the heart of love; then her eyes fell, not defeated by those of the youth, for Dorothy's faith gave her a boldness that was lovely even against the foil of maidenly reserve, but beaten down by con science : the words of the Marquis shot like an arrow into her memory. ' Love outlives all but leasing, and her eyes fell before Richard. But Richard imagined that something in his look had displeased her, and he was ashamed, for he had ever been, and ever would be, sensitive as a child to rebuke. Even when it was mistaken or unjust he would always find within T'-ft some ground whereon it wight have alighted. 'Forgive me, Dorothy,' he said, supposing she had found his look presumptuous. ' Nay, Richard,' returned Dorethy, with her eyes fast on the ground, whence it seemed rosy mists came rising through her ; ' I know no cause wherefore thou shouldst ask me to forgive thee, but I do know, although thou knowest no good cause, wherefore I should ask thee to forgive me. Richard, I will tell thee the truth, and thou wilt tell me again how I might have shunned doing amiss, and how far my lie was an evil thing,' ' Lie, Dorothy ! Thou hast never lied !' ' Hear me, Richard, first, and then judge. Thou rememberest I did tell thee that night as we walked in the field that I had about me no missives : the word was true, but its purport was false. When I said that, thou didst hold in thy hand my comb wherein were concealed ceftain papers in cipher.' 'Oh, thou cunning one!' cried Richard, half re proachfully, half humorously, but the amusement overtopped the seriousness. ' My heart did reproach me ; but, Richard, what was I to do r' 'Wherefore did thy heart reproach thee, DoK*hy?'j ' That I told thee a falsehood^-that I told thee a falsehood, Richard.' ' Then had it been Upstill thou would'st not ' ? ' Upstill 1 I would never have told Upstill a false hood. I would have beaten him first.' 'Then thou didst think it better, to tell a falsehood to me than to Upstill ?' ' I would rather sin against thee, an1 it were a sin, Richard. Were it wrong to think I would rather be in thy hands, sin or none, or sin and all, than in those of a mean- spirited knave whom I despised ? Besides I might one day, somehow or other, make it up to thee — but I could not to him. But was it sin, Richard r— tell me that. I have thought and thought over the matter until my mind is mazed. Thou seest it was my Lord Marquis' business, not mine, and thou hadst no right in the matter.' ' Prithee, Dorothy, ask not me to judge.' *? Art thou then so angry with me that thou will not help me to judge myself aright ?' ?' Not so, Dorothy, but there is one command in the New Testment for the which I am often more thank ful than for any other.' ' What is that, Richard?' ' ? Judge not.' Prythee, between whom lieth the quarrel, Dorothy ? Bethink thee.' ' Between thee and me, Richard.' ' No, verily Dorothy. I accuse thee not.' Dorothy was silent for a moment, thinking. ?? I see, Richard,' she said, 'It lieth between me and my own conscience.' ' Then who am I, Dorothy, that I should dare step betwixt thee and thy conscience ? God forbid. That were a presumption deserving indeed the pains of hell.' ' But if my conscience and I seek a daysman be twixt us ? ' ' Mortal man can never be that daysman, Dorothy. Nay, an' thou need an umpire, thou must seek one in him who brought thee and thy conscience together and told you to agree. Let God, over all and in all, tell the whether or no thou wast wrong. For me, I dare not. Believe me, Dorothy, it is sheer presumption for one man to intermeddle with the things that belong to the spirit of another man.' ' But these are only the things of a woman,' said Dorothy, in pure childish humility born of love. ' Sure, Dorothy, thou wouldst not jest in such sober matters.' ' God forbid, Richard ! I but spoke that M-hich was in me. I see now it was foolishness.' All a man can do in this matter of judgment,' said Richard, is to lead his fellow-man, if so be he can, up to the judgment of God. He must never dare judge him for himself. An' thou cannot tell whether thou did well or ill in what thou didst, thou shouldst not vex thy soul. God is thy refuge — even from the wrongs of thine own judgment. Pray to Him to let thee know the truth, that if needful thou mayeBt repent. Be patient and not sorrowful until He show thee. Nor fear that He will judge thee harshly j because He must judge thee truly. That were to - wrong God. Trust in Him even when thou fearest I wrong in thyself, for He will deliver thee. therefrom.' ' Aa ! h»w good and kind art thou, Richard !' — ' How should I be other ?. to thee, beloved Dorothy?' 41 Thou art not then angry with me that I did deceive thee f' 'If thou didst right, then, wherefore should I be angry? If thou didst wrong I am well content .to know that thou wilt be sorry therefore as soon as thou seest, and before that thou canst not, thou must not, be sorry. I am sure that what thou knowest to be right that thou will do, and it seemeth as if God him self were content with that for the time. What the very right thing is, concerning which we may now differ, we must come to see together one day — the same, and not another, to both, and this doing of what we see, is to each of us the path thither. Let God judge us, Dorothy, for His judg ment is light in the inward parts, showing the truth and enabling us to judge our selves. For me to judge thee and thee me, Dorothy, would with it bear no light. Why, Dorothy, knowest thou not— yet how Bhouldst thou know ? — that this is the very matter for the which we, my father and his party, contend— that each man, namely, in matters of conscience, shall be left to his j God, and remain, unjudged of his brother ? And if I fight for this on my own part, unto whom should I firet accord it if not to thee, Dorothy, who art the highest in soul and purest in mind and bravest in heartof all women I have known? Therefore Hove thee with all the power of a heart that lores that which is true before that which is beautiful, and that S which is honest before that which is of good re- ? port.' M What followed I leave to the imagination of such B of my readers as are capable of understanding that M the truer the nature the deeper must be the passion, ? and of hoping that the human soul will yet burst into ? grander blossoms of love than ever poet has dreamed, ? not to say sung. I leave it also to the hearts of those I who understand that love is greater than knowledge. B For those who have neither heart nor imagination— ? only brains— to them I presume to leave nothing, ? knowing what self-satisfying resources they possess M of their own. ? The pair wandered all over the ruins together, ? and Dorothy had a hundred places to take Richard ? to and tell him what they had been and how they had 1 looked in their wholeness and use— amongst the rest I her own chamber, whither Marquis had brought her | the letter, which Mistress Upstill had found so badly I concealed. ' '*»?» I Then Richard's turn came, and he gave Dorothy a 1 sadly vivid account of what he had seen of the I destruction of the place ; how, as if with whole re- I publics of ants, it had swarmed all over with men 1 paid to destroy it ; how in every direction the walls I were falling at once ; how they dug and drained at I fish ponds and moat in the wild hope of finding hidden I treasure, and found in the former nothing but mud I and a bunch of huge old keys, the last of some lost I story of ancient daysr-in the latter nothing but a 1 pair of silver gilt spurs, which he had himself bought 1 of the fellow who found them. He told her what a I terrible shell the Tower of towers had been to break— i how after throwing its battlemented crown into the ? moat, they had in vain attacked the walls, might ? almost as well have sought with pickaxes and crow- ? bars to tear asunder the living rock, and at last, but ? this was hearsay, he had not seen it, had undermined K the wall, propped it up with timber, set the timber ? on fire, and so succeeded in bringing down a portion B of the hard, tough massy defence. ? 'What became of the wild beasts in the base of M the kitchen tower, dost know, Richard i' M ' I saw their cages,' answered Richard, 'but they ? were empty. I asked whatAhey were, and what had 1 become of the animals, of which all the country had I heard, but no one could tell me. I asked them ques- I tions until they began to puzzle themselves as to I what could have become of them, and now I believe I between two opinion? as I to their fate — one, that I they are roaming the I country, the other that I Lord Herbert, as they I still call him, has by his I magic conveyed them I away to Ireland to assist I him in a general] massacre I of the Protestants.' I Mighty in mutual faith, I neitherpolitics,normorals, I nor even theology was any I more able te part those I whose plain truth has be- I gotten absolute confi- ] dence. Strive they might, 1 sin they could not, against each other. They talked* ] wandering about, a long time, forgetting, I am sorry to say, even their poor shivering horses, which, after trying to con sole themselves with Jthe renewal of friendship which a broad white line across Lady's face had for a moment, on Dick's part, somewhat impeded, had become very restless. At length an expostulatory whinny from Lady called Richard to his duty, and with compunctions, of heart the pair hurried to mount. They rode home together in a bliss that would have been too deep almost for conscious delight, but that their animals were eager after motion, and as now the surface of the fields had grown soft, they turned into them and a tremen dous gallop soon brought their gladness to the sur face in great fountain throbs of joy. Chatter LIX. Ave! VaibJ Saive! And now must I bury my dead out of my sight bid farewell to the ' old, resplendent, stately, scarred, defiant Raglan, itself the grave of many an old Btory, jand the cradle of the new, and alas ! in contrast with the old, not merely the mechanical, but the unpoetic and commonplace, yet vulgar era of our island's his tory. Where, in any house even of the last century, unpoetic as that was, would you find the hideousness of furniture and paint which prevails in the rich, houses of our cities, and the new Gorgons that, in so many lovely places, stand upon the sites of old and gracious dwellings ? Little did Lord Herbert dream, of the age he was initiating — of the irreverence and pride and destruc tion that were about to follow in his footsteps, wasting defiling, scarring, obliterating, turning beauty into ashes, and worse! That divine mechanics should thus, through selfishness and avarice, be leagued with, filth and squalor and ugliness ! When one looks upon Raglan, indignation rises — not at the storm of iron which battered its walls to powder, hardly even at the decree to level them with the dust, but at the later destroyer who could desecrate the beauty arisen from the heaps left by wrath and fear, who with the stones of my lady's chamber would build a kennel, or with the carved stones of chapel or hall would bed an engine ! What would the inventor of , the water-commanding engine have said to the pollu tion of our waters, the destruction of the very land marks of our history, the desecration, of ruins that ought to be venerated for their loveliness as well as their Btory. Almost lie would have broken it to pieces, that the ruin it would occasion might not be THE NEW LAW COURTS, MELBOURNE. MAIS FRONTAGE, WII.LIA.M-BTHEET ; SIDE FHONTAGES TO I,ON6DAI.E-STfiEET AND LITT1B BOUBKE-BTBEET. laid to his charge. May all such men as for .the sake i of money constitute themselves the creators of ugli ness, not to speak of far worse evils in the land, live — or die, I care not ?which — to know in their own selves what a lovely human Psyche lies hid even in the chrysalis of a railway-director, and to loathe their past selves as an abomination — incredible but that it had been. He who calls such a wish a curse, must undergo it ere his being can be other than a blot. This era too will pass, and truth come forth in forms new and more lovely still. The living Raglan has passed away, and again be fore me rise the broken mouldering walls which are the monument of their own past. My heart swells as I think of them, lonely in the deepening twilight, ?when the ivy which has flung itself like a garment about the bareness of their looped and windowed laggedness is but as darker streaks of the all prevail ing dusk. Fain would the soul forsake the fetter some body for a season to go flitting hither and thither, alighting and flitting, like a bat or a bird— now drawing itself slow along a moulding to taste their curve and flow, now creeping into a cranny, and brooding and thinking back till the fancy feels the tremble of an ancient kiss yet softly rippling the air, or descries the dim stain which no tempest can wash away. Ah, here is a stair ! True there are but I three steps, a broken one, and a fragment. What said I? See how the phantom-stair beyond goes winding up and up to the door of lady's chamber ! See its polished floor, black as night, its wall rich with tapestry, lovelilyold, and harmoniously faded, for the ancient time had its ancient times, and the things that came down from solemn antiquity; see the silver sconces, the tall mirrors, the part-open window, long, low, carved, latticed, and filled, with little lozenge panes of the softest yellow green, in a multitude of shades ! Ah, there stands my Lady her self, leaning from it and looking down into the court ! Ah lovely lady, is not thy heart as the heart of my mother, my wife, my daughters ? ThouhaBt had thy troubles. I trust they are over now, and that thou art satisfied with God for making thee ? The vision fades, and the old walls rise like a broken cenotaph. But the. same sky, with its clouds never the same, hangs over them ; the same moon ?will fold them at night in a doubtful radiance more befitting things that dwell alone, and are all of other times, for she too is but a ghost, a thing of the past, and her light is but the light of memory ; the same ?winds blow into the empty crannies that once re freshed the souls of maiden and man-at-arms, only the yello wflo wer that grew in its gardens now grows upon its walls. And how ever the mind, or even the Bpirit of man may change, the heart remains the same, and the attempt to read the hearts of our ancestors will at least help us to know and love , the heart of our neigh bour. THE END. [Whoever cares to distinguish the bones of fact from the drapery of invention in the foregoing tale, will find them all in the late Mr. Dirck'a ?'life of the Marquis of Worcester^' and the ' Certa men JteligiOBum' and ' Golden Apophthegms' of Dr. Bayly.] ? *? THE NEW CUSTOM HOUSE, FLINDEES-STHEET, MELBOUENB. 