Murrurundi. [FROM OUR CORRESPONDENT.] March 15. Since the late fructifying rains here though so heavy and disastrous in other dis-<*> tricts—vegetation has sprung up in abun-<*> dance. Everywhere [?] is predominant. EJiia Cook's bearxtifol line* arc not inapnro- j priate to the present reason.:— j '"Here ia Autumn again I Here is Auto—m j r , , again 1 j ? She has floorished her Ktckle and garnered i her grain. Y; j She is hringiugher tc.-vm. and plough in the , field." Mr. Philip Hartmann, of Blandford is paying attention to his- vineyard with re doubled energy, arid will- this year mate ?iOOO gallons of white and red wine. He lias j six and a-hal£ acres of pronad nnder culture j with vines—the varieties boing Reislinjr, i Madeira, Black Amber, Muscatel, and a lew , other*. The vine* are trelltscd; aud are I 6 ft- apart in the rows, aud 5 ft. of space be- f tween. Mr. Hartmnnn has sold fully ten | ? tons, of table grapes this season. There is a , . capacious cellar on the premises, and two . large wine presses. From participation I , e—n- pronounce the wine made at this vine '. yard to he of first-class, giia?ty. . Mr. *t_axt mnm hopes, I heKeve, to gain the first prize at the ensninc; show at, Ta—iwoith. A peep at the vineyard makes one icel that autumn is indeed here -" \- ' , f'With'l—ircro—-n,of jsrapes-'? It ia. report cd. in town, with what trnth I ant unable to say. that Mr. Murray- xnarXver ' tcntly administered a. dranght of' carbolic ' sand during the past few days, to one of his " children, in mistake for some aperient medi cine that was known to be in the house. , Medical aid was at once called in, with si—s ' factory results it is stated. -. \- The Mnrrnrandi Hospital rcqnircs another warder and matron —rioc Mr. - awl Mr*. Stenhouse; recently dismissed for neglect of duty. Mrs. Stenhouse died a fen- days after, and was, buried last Monday evening. Their places lave been temporarily supplied by Mr. Jackson and Mrs. Wilson. Bepaws are urgently required to the Me chanics* Institute—as the end walls have bulged out considerably at the top, and the , front one is in no better condition. The committee have had a plan submitted to .them by Mr. J. Donaldson, and intend. I . understand, to expend Some X3U to remedy the defects. - One of our policemen nas been summoned for exceeding his duty, and mulcted in 10s., with costs of court, and XI ltd professional costs. Tanco, a Chinaman, wa* complainant, and constable Chapman was, defendant. Among the sensational items of news to report is a statement that Murrurundi can .boast, if it is anything to boast about, of having a veritable ghost, dressed iu black, in the not very terrifying form ot a young lady. A young man reports having Been her Ip.dyship: but whether he was compos tnentis or not at the time has not transpired. There is- too much of' the earthly about this snug little town, for anything in the spiritual line ; to trouble it. , To-morrow the Horticultural "Society will hold its second show, at the Mechanics' Institute. Great preparations axe being made, and it is expected to be highly success lul. This week will be fraught with many in teresting aud exciting events. Entertain ments of various'kinds are announced for every .evening, while on the day after the flower show, the Murrurundi Annual Races will take place on Mr. Hall's ground, at the foot of the range. A grand stand, judge's box, saddling yards. ice„ have been erected. Several horses- have made their appearance in town—some of them being "- cracks." A good meet is anticipated. On Saturday next a cricket match is to take place here between a mixed team from Wallubadahv and Quirindi, and eleven of the Page "River Club. After that, on Easter Monday," the Carlinford Club, from Sydney, are to play a local team here. Practice is now the order of the day. I had almost for- ' gotten to mention that a local club named the Prince Alberts, composed chiefly of bad ding cricketers, and the second eleven of the Muswellbrook Club have arranged a match for Easter Monday, to be played, at the Brook: ' „ I will endeavour to supply you with a full report of the races for Saturday's Argus. Kingfisher is entered fpr the Handicap, and looks in splendid fettle. ' Mr. Underwood, of Quirindi, lately pur chased a horse—a draught stallion, named Rowarth. bred by Mr, Howeyof Singleton. He is'a flue animal, and is-much admired. The Bev. Father Pins Deviue, ? priest of the Order of Passionists, on a visit from Ireland, ha* been lately holding special services in" tliis town-r-drowing large num bers of persons to hear him. . The rev. gentleman gave a lecture on " Modem literature,'* in the Mechanics' Institute, in aid: of the funds of the Hospital,, aud was attentively, listened !<? by a crowded audience Over .£lO was realised a* the pro ceeds. And,now a-* a climax to this letter, I may state .tbat I am. informed an Orange "Lodge M being opened in this town to- night. More particulars anon. 