THE WEEK'S NEWS. The " Observer."—On account of Christmas being on Saturday, and the Post-Offices being then closed till Monday, we shall only publish the Friday's edition of the Observer next week Many subscribers who would otherwise be without tbeir paper will thus have an opportunity of getting it, and another advantage will be that the members of onr staff will have what, owing to the exigencies of Presswork, they can seldom secure—a holiday on Christmas. The special edition of the Observer will be unusually attrac tive, as is shown by a notice elsewhere. Postal.—The subjoined notice was posted at the Post-Office on Thursday morning, December 16:—" The mail steamer for Galle leaves Penang on Friday, the 17th inst. The time of sailing is unknown, but it will probably be at noon." The Civil Service.—We understand that six months' leave of absence have been granted to Mr. E. M. DeHole, Chief Clerk in the Chief Secretary's Office, who purposes visiting England for the benefit of his health, and will probably leave by the Hesperus. The South Australian Pbess.—It may be taken as an indication of the colony's pro sperity that the Press Is extending itself in various directions. The last aspirant for literary honours is the NarracoorU Herald began on Tuesday, the 14th inst. The new-comer is launched by the well and favourably known firm connected with the Border WatcA, and Messrs. Laurie and Watson seem to have determined on mating their young charge as strong and attractive as j its elder brother. The firat issue of the Herald \ which is to be published weekly, contains a I large amount of suitable reading matter, and ! cannot but have produced an impression favour able to the venture. Painful Accident.—A few days ago Mrs. Sleep, of Edeu Valley, when engaged in shooting birds which were destroying the fruit-trees, left a flask containing powder on a table in the house. During her absence her daughter, about nine yeses old, must have taken the Jflswk and carried it to the fire. An explosion was heard, and the poor child found with her hand frightfully lacerated by the bursting of the flask. Under the care of Dr. Ayliffe, of Angaston, the little sufferer Is doing as well as could reasonably be expected. Ministerial Tour.—The Premier, in com pany with the Surveyor-General, purposes spending the ensuing fortnight in the South Eastern District with a view of ascertaining its wants and capabilities, this being a portion of a tour of inspection which he intends making throughout the colony. Leaving town probably on Saturday, December 18, Mr. Boucaut wih visit Kingston, Kobe, Rivoli Bay, North and South, and Millicent, spending a day at the Drainage Works. Thenoe the party will proceed to Mount Gambier, going to MacDonnell Bay, then to Taipeena and Peuola, in the neighbour hood of which a day is to be spent. The way will next be across country to Narracoorte, and onleadingto Padthaway, Cockatoo Lake, Tatiara, Wellington, and thence to the city, arriving pro bably on December 30. The Premier will moss likely go north- easterly in the coming year. The Inebriates' Retreat.—A meeting of the Committee of this proposed institution was held at the Stow Church Lecture Hall on Thursday, the 16th instant. Several properties offered as sites for the Retreat were considered, and the Secretary was requested to inspect them and report. Fire at Redruth.—The premises of Mrs. C. Lowe, baker, Redruth, were discovered to be in dames on Monday afternoon, December 13, and an outside shed, with three or four tons of hay, was burnt. The origin of the fire is not known, but it is supposed that some sparks were blown from the bakehouse. Received.—Messrs. Scrymgour & Sons (late Gall & Sheridan) have sent us their " Desk Almanack" for 1876 and " Monthly Calendar" for January next. Both are neat and useful. Port Pirte Floods.—The residents in the rather amphibious town of Port Pirie are fearing that if the long-projected tidal embankment is not speedily erected great damage, danger, and discomfort may be caused by another inundation from seaward. Lightning's Work.—Several trees at Maclaren Vale were struck by lightning a few days ago during a violent storm. A Big Yield.—Some fallow ground at Crystal Brook has yielded 35 bushels per acre of fine wheat. University Examination.—The result of the examination of the classes conducted by the Rev. Professor Davidson in connection with the Ade laide University is as follows:—Oat cf tea candidates who were examined Miss Crooks takes a first place, Misses E. Giles and Stanes a second, and Mr. T. A. Caterer a third. Vigorous Reaping,—Lately a settler near Maliala had 12 reaping-machines at work on his farm at one time. Death of another Pioneer.—We have to record the death on the morning of December 16 of Mrs. Charlotte Hudson Stephens, at the advanced age of 93. She arrived on the 27th July, 1836, in the ship Duke of York—the first vessel that brought any settlers to these shores —with her brother. Mr. T. H. Beare, who was in the service of the South Australian Com pany. In the following August Miss Beare was married to Mr. Samuel Stephens, the first Manager of the South Australian Company, and she lived with him for about a year at Kingscote, Kangaroo Island. When Adelaide was laid out, Mr. and Mrs, Stephens settled in North Ade laide, but the death of Mr. Stephens from a fall from his horse on Gleeson's Hill left her a widow in January, 1840. Since that time Mrs. Stephens has led a retired life, but her kindness of heart and many admirable qualities endeared her to a large circle of friends. She preserved her faculties to the last, and her intimate know ledge of early colonists and early colonial events made her conversation interesting to all who knew her. River News.—The following were the heights of the rivers at the localities mentioned on De cember 11, at 10 a.m.:— Wentworth (Darling), 17 feet 1 inch, summer level. Bourke, very slow, rose a little, but falling again. Walgett, low, Euston, falling. Hay, 6 feet 8 inches, falling. Balranald (Murrumbidgee), 11 feet 6 inches, falling. The Euro.—In its issue of the 14th instant the Yorl-e's Peninsula Advertiser said:—"The steamer Euro, having left Moonta Bay shortly after 8 p.m. on Saturday evening, should have reached Pert Pirie on Sunday morning; but not having done so telegrams of enquiry came from the latter place yesterday (Monday) morning, accompanied by a rumour to the effect that she had run aground on the coast not far from Port Pirie. Later in the day the following telegram was received:—' Port Pirie. December 13, 2.15 p.m.—Euro aground on Point Jarrold. The ketch Lotus saw her on Sunday morning. No news direct from her. She is on a sandy beach.' We are led to understand that from the nature of the heach she is not likely to receive any damage, and nothing beyond an annoying delay is anticipated." The Euro.—Messrs. Giles & Smith, the agents for the coasting steamer now stranded about 15 miles from Port Pirie, have favoured us with the subjoined copy of a telegram received by them on Wednesday, December 15 : —" Euro still aground, but not damaged. The schooner Normanville has lightered 40 tons of cargo, and it is hoped that another load will float the Euro off." The Locusts.—In Belalie East these pests have done seme damage to the wheat crops and the grass lands. Reaping Competition.—A public trial of reaping-machines took place under the auspices of the Royal Agricultural Society at the farm of Mr. Lewis Hanson, of Woodville, on Thurs day, December 16. Messrs. Meilor Brothers, W. iBowman, and J. Martin & Co. competed, and the last-named firm were successful They took the prize with a reaper made by them and having Mr. G. Marshall's patent. There was a large attendance of spectators. Departing Colonists. — Among the pas sengers by the Hesperus, whose clearance is announced in our shipping columns, is Mr. R. C. Patterson, C.E., Chief Assistant Engineer, who has been compelled to take a long leave of absence in consequence of serious ill-health. The severe strain put upon the Public Works staff during the past few months, and the expo sure necessarily attendant upon the conduct of surveys in the winter months, acting upon a frame enfeebled by hardship in the Northern Territory, have completely broken down Mr. Patterson's strength, and given rise to alarming symptoms which demand immediate rest from work and change of air. He will leave the HesperusattheCape of Good Hope, spending some time there, and possibly visit St. Helena. Mr. , J. A. Chattier, of the firm of G. & R. Wills, is also gome in the same vessel For some time Mr. Chartier has not been strong, and, having earned a rest, he intends taking it. He has been a useful colonist, and has many well wishers. The health of the Rev. T. Hope, the respected pastor of Clayton Congregational Church, having broken down, he has also decided upon resorting to a complete change of scene and climate with a view to restoration of vigour. Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Hawkes, Mr. James Storrie, Mr. W. EL Squires, and Mr. E. DeMole, with other well-known colonists, go by tbe same vessel. They will all be warmly welcomed back. Eufbeme Coubt.—The Primary Judge male a decree in Equity on Tuesday, by consent, in Harvey v. Buch. Further arguments were heard on the demurrer in Levi v. Ayers. Mr. Justice Stow sat in the Matrimonial Causes Jurisdic tion, and heard the oase Christian v. Christian. His Honor derided to report to the Full Court in favour of the petition. The Supeeme Coubt.—All the Judges sat in Banco on Friday, and heard the close of the arguments in Murray and Others v. Acraman. and Another. The case in its various phases has occupied 11 days, and much food for reflection is afforded to the Judges during the long vacation in the consideration of their judgment. En Boute fob Adelaide.—From the parti culars of the passenger-list, published in our shipping intelligence, of the new steamer Glenelg, from London to Adelaide, it will be seen that Professor Tate, recently appointed to the Natural Science Chur in the University of Adelaide, and family, have booked themselves for South Australia. Among the r eturning colo- . nists, by the vessel mentioned, we notice Mr. Joseph Harrold (of Harrold Brothers), and Mr. A. Harrold, the Hon. A. B. Murray and famflv, Mr. John Hindmarsh and family, and Mr. J. T. Fitch and two daughters. The Glenelg may be ooked fer in the course of a week or so. The Lady Jocelyn.—We publish in another column a list of the immigrants by this vessel, which left Plymouth for Adelaide on October 16, and may therefore be expected early in the new year. There are on board altogether 503 souls, equal to 457 statute adults. It will be seen that they are ohi> fly young people, who are likely to prove useful colonists. Besides a number of mechanics and artisans, the list includes 96 agricultural and 103 general labourers with 72 domestic servants. Police at Norwood.—We learn from the police authorities that four polioe-constables have been stationed at the new Police Station, Norwood, apposite the Gold Diggers' Arms. They are under the charge of Lance-corporal Adams. Presentation.—A meeting of a number of the City Corporation employes took place on Saturday, at 1 o'clock, in the Council Chamber, for the purpose of making a presentation to the Overseer of Works, Mr. R. Kippist, upon the occasion of his leaving the service, in which he had been for six years. The present consisted of "Caseell's Encyclopaedia," in ten volumes, half bound, and a handsome gold guard. The Town Clerk, in a few well-chosen remarks, referred to the esteem in which the recipient was held by the donors, and their desire for his future prosperity, and expressed a hope that the information contained in the Encyclopedia would aid him in his future career. Mr. Kippist in a feeling manner expressed his great pleasure In receiving such a handsome and useful gift, and said that he should ever enter tain feelings of regard and respect towards those with whom he had been associated so long. This is the second officer who within a year has received sufficient inducement to cause him to sever his connection with the Adelaide Corpo ration. Presentation.—On Monday afternoon the female teachers and pupils attending the Model School presented to Sirs. Seabrook, the Head Mistress, as testimonials, a frosted silver cake basket and an elegant silver and glass flower stand. Thepresentationwas made by Miss Edith Alice Bowen, and the gifts were accompanied by the following address:—"Mrs. Seabrook— On behalf of the teachers and pupils attending the girl's department of the Model School, I have the pleasure to present you with this small token of the love we bear towards you, and I am re quested to express to you the hope that you may return from your holidays in the enjoyment of good health, and to wish you a happy and prosperous new year." Mrs. Seabrook in receiv ing the presents expressed her gratification at receiving this token of the friendship and esteem of the donors. Ghosts.—It seems singular to And any belief in ghosts existing amongst the residents of Lefevre's Peninsula; but some foolish fellow is making insane attempts to frighten women and children. He appears to women in isolated places, and is variously described. On Saturday night, late, he was standing at the corner of a fence draped in white habiliments. So much interest has been created in the movements of the ghost that the police have made some enquiries into the matter, and have a clue to the perpetrator of the mischief. Although the force has been charged with want of acumen iu un ravelling the mystery, perhaps they will yet give an account of the motives which have induced, such absurd vagaries. White's Booms.—At the matinee and evening performance of the Marionettes on Saturday evening there were crowded houses, and the entertainment was much applauded. The performance was repeated for the last time on Monday. An Oratorio by Gounod.—Charles Gounod, the composer of " Faust," is giving tae last touch to an oratorio, the subject of which is taken from the life ef Sainte Genevieve. The libretto has been written by Abb€ Freppall, the well- known Catholic prelate. Port Regatta.—A pleasant evening was spent at the Port Adelaide Town Hall on Tues day evening upon the occasion of a concert in aid of the Regatta Fund. A number of lady and gentleman vocalists from Adelaide exerted themselves to interest a not veiy large audience. Applause was liberally bestowed, and in some cases the performers were compelled to respond to encores. The financial result of the affair will not make a great addition to the fund. A Good Example.—An example worthy of imitation has been Bet by the Gawler Young Men's Mutual Improvement and Debating So ciety. The firet session having been brought to a termination by a successful entertainment, a sum of £3 has been presented to the Adelaide Hospital and £1 Is. to the Female Refuge. The ; Society holds a balance in hand for other chari table objects. Glenelg Literary Association.—In con nection with the closing meeting of this Society the Rev. J. Y. Simpson on Tuesday evening, December 14, gave his excellent lecture upon " Crotchetty Grumblers" at the schoolroom of the Glenelg Congregational Church, to moderate audience, Mr. W. J. Stacy presiding. Mr. J. Lee, the Secretary, reported that the Society, which was formed chiefly by the efforts of the Rev. Mr. Manthorpe in May, numbered 45 members. Meetings had been held for elocu tion, reading, and lectures, and a Parliamentary night had been introduced, though the idea was not very warmly appreciated. The object of the promoters had, he believed, been accomplished in providing for young men, at least once a week, rational means of amusement and instruc tion. The financial results had been satisfactory. The lecture, which elicited repeated applause, abounded in racy anecdotes, humorous allusions, and aptly-drawn moral lessons. The Singing Pilgrim.—Early in November Mr. Philip Phillips gave his service of song at Galle, He was intending to proceed to the pro vinces on the Indian mainland. Musical.—The lovers of music will have frequent opportunities of gratifying their taste during the next month or two. On Friday evenii g the Musical Union will give a concert in the Town Hall; one of sacred music in aid of St. Bartholomew's Church is advertised for Decem ber 20 at Norwood; and on the evening of the 23rd instant the " Christmas Chorale" will be given in the Town Hall by Sunday-school children. White's Room has also been engaged for a short season by a troupe of Christy Minstrels; and we learn from Mr. Armbruster that they will be succeeded by a Musical Com pany, consisting of Miss St. Clair, Mrs. Smytbe, Messrs. J. A. St. Clair, Farley, and Beaumont Read, aided by Messrs. J. Hall and Landergan. Church of England Temperance Society. —A thinly-attended meeting was held at the St. Paul's Schoolroom, Flinders-street east, on Tues day evsning, December 14, in connection with the recently-formed Church of England Tem perance Association. Mr. Webb presided. Dean RubboU submitted the report of the Provisional Committee, who recommended the adoption of rules and by-laws, which provided that the Society should be governed by a Committee of six; that members should be not less than 16 years of age, and required to sign one of the two pledges and pay a small quarterly subscription; that a Chairman should be elected quarterly; and that the non-abntaining pledge be altered to read as follows:—" I promise that, by God's nelp, I will abstain from all use of intoxicating liquors excepting at meal times, using them then only in strict moderation; also that I will refrain from ' treating' to intoxicating drinks, and that I will use every effort in my power to restrain my fellow-men from intemperance." . The Dean gave some interesting information received by tbe mail of the discussion of the temperance question at the recent Church Congress at Stoke on-Trent, and said that the debate had drawn forth a gr^at many hints which would, he thought, be valuable to tbe local Association. Port Augusta Institute.—A bazaar in aid of the_ fun is^ of the Port Augusta Institute, which is now in conrse of erection, took place on the evening of Tuesday, December 7, and the two following days. The redeipts amounted to £414. and after paying all expenses over £400 will go to the funds of the Institute. The hall, which is the only part of the building yet completed, is a handsome room 48 feet long and 30 feet wide, with a height of about 20 feet to the centre of the ceping. It is expected that the entire build ing will be oompleted about the beginning of the year. The cost, with the fittings, will probably be a little over £2,000. Another Death at the Hoshtai*—Mrs." Maria Rosenberg, aged S3, who for five yean has been a none at the Adelaide Hospital, suddenly became ill on Sunday evening, December 12, and five hours afterwards she expired from a paralytic stroke. On Tuesday afternoon die was boned at Payneham. The remains were followed, beside relatives and friends^ by Dr. Thomas, Senior House Surgeon, a nurse from each ward, and three officers of the institution, where she was much respected. It is believed that much difficulty will be experienced in obtaining so suitable a person as the late Mrs. Bosenberg was for the Magdalen Ward. The Recent Accident at the Rahway Station. — An Inquest was held at the Ade laide Hospital on Tuesday by Mr. W. Harcus, J. P., regarding Patrick Dines, aged 71 years, who was severely crushed between two wagons at the -Adelaide Railway Station yard on the previous Friday afternoon, and died on Monday. The evidence showed that the deceased, who resided at North Adelaide, and was a labourer on the Port Railway, was along with other men pushing a track loaded with iron along one h'ne near a junction with another set of rails. On the latter, a second truck was standing, and the deceased was crushed between the two trucks. He was caught under the armpits, and bad several ribs fractured, and, as Dr. Thomas believed, the left lung injured. The track was not going quickly, and no blame was attributed to any person. The Jury returned a verdict of "Accidental death." Accident in the Gulf.—It will be seen from a telegram in another column that the ketch Rose was capsized on Friday night, Dec. 10, in a squall about four miles off Carracalinga. The hands saved themselves in a boat which they had towing astern. Obnamektad Fountain.—There has just been erected at the valve-house, near Bailey's Garden, a neat iron fountain instead of the old-fashioned structure which has been at that place for several years. In many respects the new one is a great improvement on the articles used in various parts of the city, and possibly the modem pattern may replace them in the course of time, for certainly it is far more rightly and convenient. It stands about eight feet high, and has a roof cupola-shaped, with a vase on the top supported upon four pillars; and between two of these tumbler-shaped cups are suspended by chains. The water enters through an orna mental pipe In the centre, and is deposited in a large enamelled basin. The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals will rejoice to hear that the wants of the lower Animals have not been forgotten, as there is a receptacle near the ground at which they may quench their thirst. There is ample provision for carrying off the waste water, so that the roadway will not be thus destroyed. The structure is further back than the previous one was, the boundary fence having been changed, and a few posts have been erected in front to prevent the fountain being knocked over by some runaway team. Mb. Varley, S.M.—The Kapunda Herald. heats "that Mr. Varley having obtained leave of absence is about to take a trip to New Zealand. Mr. Varley has for some time past been in a very unsatisfactory state of health, and we trust the change of air and scene, combined with relaxa tion from official duties, will prove so beneficial that he may come back thoroughly recruited." The Fobt Pibie and Gladstone Railway.— This line may be said to have been informally opened during the past week, as actual traffic has begun, several trucks of wheat having arrived at Port Pine from Crystal Brook. It is alleged that the gradients on the railway are so favour able that a train of trucks started from Crystal Brook would travel the whole way by themselves with the help of perhaps a breaksman or two, just as is done on the Port Wakefield fine. Honourable Conduct.—We are pleased to record an upright and honourable act on the part of an old and muoh-esteemed colonist. Some time ago Mr. J. M. Linklater was com pelled through reverses in trade to make a com position with his creditors, but latterly he has, we are glad to say, recovered his position, ana on Monday, December 13, he drew cheques to the extent, we understand, of about £4,000, with which he paid all to whom he owed money at the time of his failure the balances necessary to make 20s. in the pound. There was of course no legal obligation upon Mr. Linklater to pay a fraction of this amount, but as a man of honour he felt that with returning prosperity it was his duty to discharge the moral responsibility as speedily as possible. Unfortunately conduct lure this is rare in commercial circles, and Mr. linklater deserves the highest praise for the noble example he has set. Salvage.—The diver employed by Messrs. MacLean & Barker has recovered 37 bales of wool out of the SO which were lost m the Murray by the sinking of the Mundoo's barge a short time ago. Flora of South Australia.—Mr. C. J. Coates, the Secretary to the South Australian Commission for the Philadelphia Exhibition, is forwarding with the other exhibits two large volumes of an herbarium, compiled by Dr. Schomburgk, the Director of the Botanic Garden. The books, which are handsomely bound, and intended for presentation to the Exhibition, are 2 feet 6 inches long by 2 feet broad, and contain 500 distinct species, besides specimens from almost every part of the pro vince, including the coast line and far interior, also the shores and up-country portions of our Northern Territory, The Doctor has taken immense trouble in preparing ths work. Each specimen has been carefully dried and tastefully arranged in natural order, with the correct botanical name clearly written upon a label. The collection of the plants has extended over several years. For the speci mens of intertropical growths Dr. Schomburgk has been largely indebted to Mr. Schultz, who was employed for about two years in the Northern Territory as naturalist on the Surveyor-General's expedition. Messrs. Goyder, W. Gosse, F. Andrews, and E. Giles have also contributed a large number of specimens of far inland flora collected by them while exploring. The first volume contains a beautifully-executed plan in detail of the Botanic Garden and Park,. drawn by Mr. E. P. Laurie. The whole compilation forms a valuable collection, and to naturalists at the Exhibition will doubtless prove of great interest, while the information thus imparted will in a variety of ways tend to the advantage of the colony. Dr. Schomburgk deals most ex haustively with the subject in his contribution to the Handbook of South Australia. Communication with Europe.—The follow ing notice was posted at the Telegraph Office on Saturday morning, December 11:—"Telegrams for Europe addressed ' via India' will be sent on by the mail steamers leaving Singapore Decem ber 15, 23, and 29, and Penang on December IS. Mail steamers are due at Singapore on December 14, 22, and 23, and at Penang on December 12 and 26." Poet Wakefield Tbade.—During the week ending Dee. 11 the imports at Port W ake field were 627 packages of sundries and the exports 1,456 bags of wheat. Adelaide versus Melbourne.—Our Shipping Reporter furnished a paragraph comparing ship arrivalsfor November in Melbourne and Port Ade laide, but a correspondent has pointed out that the figures printed convey a wrong impression. The total of arrivals given—36 vessels, aggre gating 31,505 tons—has been taken from the Argus Summary, which, however, does not in clude intercolonial vessels, and begins with November 5. Four vessels, whose tonnage amounted to 4,688, entered between November 1 and 4 inclusive, and the intercolonial arrivals ought to be added. We have been shown an incomplete list giving the number of arrivals as 132, with an aggregate tonnage reaching to 72,316. The extracolonial arrivals here, exclu sive of mail steamers, were 20=12,449 tons, and there were 30 intercolonial arrivals in the period. House of Assembly Records.—A question has been raised as to the value of the record kept by officers of the Assembly of the atten dance of members, and it 1ms been asserted that only the names of gentlemen who attend during the first quarter or half hour of sittings are taken down. We are informed that both the Clerk and Clerk-Assistant record the names of all members appearing at any time during the day, and that the lists are afterwards checked together, and if there is any discrepancy the member gets the benefit of a doubt. Since a Standing Order was passed in 1864 directing that the names of members present shonld be entered on the day's proceedings, there have not been more than two, or at the most three, com plaints of errors in the roll, and these the members stated arose from the fact of their not being present more than a few minutes during the day they were noted as being absent. Of course the official record does not give any real idea of the diligence of representatives, but it is all that it is possible for the officers to keep. The list of dirisions which we publish in our Parliamentary Statistics at the end of every session gives a better idea of the attention that is bestowed on legislative duties. Australian and American Rifle Match.— A resident at Philadelphia, in a letter to a Sydney rifleman, states that General Schaler, the Prerident'of the Match Rifle Association of America, had assured him he was very anxious that New South Wales should send a nfle team to America next year. He'guaranteed a hearty welcome from the country at large. Mr. Danger's motion that the Government should provide a sum not exceeding £2,000, to defray the expenses of men to represent New South Wales at the International rifle contest in America, has been withdrawn, so that local riflemen must depend upon their own resources. Pit. Antluf.—In conn action with a second s< ries of services whioh are to be be conducted in Adelaide by this well-known Engiah Primitive Methodist minister tea and public meetings were held at North Adelaide on Monday, December 13\. The former gathering took place at the Temperance Hall, and was attended by about 130 persons. The after meeting, which was held at the Archer-street Wesleyan Chapel, was presided over by the Rev. J. B. Stephenson, who expressed pleasure in being able to afford, on behalf of the Wesleyans of Adelaide, a very hearty welcome to Dr. Antliff, also to the Rev. M. Cooke, a Primitive Methodist minister, whose arrival from England had been recently an nounced. After Mr. Cooke had reciprocated the good wishes of the Chairman, and expressed his earnest desire to unite in Christian work with members of other denominations, Dr. Antliff delivered an interesting address, showing how Methodism had by true aim and persevering energy passed through the stages of ridicule and toleration, until now it was confessed to be a mighty power for good. He mentioned how domiciliary visitation was unknown until Pri mitive Methodist ministers sought to reclaim the degraded of mankind, and how they were then fijret subsidized as home missionaries by the authorities of Edinburgh, who were shocked at the mere mention of such heathenism and gross sin as were too palpably proved to exist in their midst. The speaker, in alluding to the " Pri mitive's" practice of " processioning," showed how it had been followed by great result", and averred that the idea had been taken up by the Ritualists of the Church of England—as in stanced by their midnight prooessional services in London a few years ago. Melanesia!) Mission.—Sermons on behalf of this mission were preached in St. Paul's Chiirch on Sunday, December 12, by Archdeacon Dove in the morning and by the Lord Bishop in the evening. Lecture ok Temperance.—Owing to the inolemency of the weather on Saturday evening there was but a small attendance to hear Dr. AntiiiFs lecture on this subject. The Chairman (Mr. J. Pickering, M.P.) and the Rev. Mr. Cook, who has just arrived from England, made a few remarks in favour of temperance. Dr. Antliff then spoke, and showed what evils resulted from addiction to strong drinks, and related a number of incidents about drunkards brought under his notice when lecturing in various parts of England. On Sunday morning the rev. gentleman preached in the North Adelaide Baptist Chapel, which was lent for the occasion, and in the afternoon and evening in the Town Hall, There will be a tea meeting in the Temperance Hall.this evening, sfter which a public meeting will be held in the Archer-street ChapeL Anniversabt Services. —The anniversary services of the Franklin-street Methodist New Connexion Chapel were held on Sunday, December 12. Sermons were preached by the Dev. M. J. Birks in the morning, and in the evening by the Rev. W. P.Wells. Tea and public meetings were held next day. A lecture was delivered by the Rev. M. J. Birks on " George Whitefield.' An interesting resume of the history of this great preacher was given, and some facts not generally known were made public. It was mentioned that the term " Methodist" began as a mark of reproach to a few young men at Pembroke College, Oxford, who in addition to living godly lives worked by rules so as to economize time in their studies. The fact that Whitefield instead of the Wesleys began open- air preaching was also noted. White field's success as a preacher was attributed to his full voice, untiring energy, unmistakable earnestness, impassioned eloquence, and hatred of sin, yet true love for sinners. As a proof of his energy it was stated that in 33 years he paid 13 visits to America, IS to Scotland, several to Ireland, and travelled throughout almost every part of England. The effect of his eloquence on behalf of a charity upon Dr. Franklin was quoted. Anthems were tastefully sung by a small but evidently united choir. St. Luke's Parsonage.—The Hon. E. Ward, M.P., delivered bis popular lecture on " Wil liam Sbakspeare" at St. Luke's Schoolroom, in aid of the building fund for this parsonage, on Monday evening, 13th Deoember The Hon. J. P. Boucaut, Q.C., M.P., presided. Mr. R. Rees, M.P., first read Poe's weird production, "The Raven." The address by Mr. Ward elicited frequent applause, and his rendering of several selections was well received. The pro ceedings were enlivened by music, which was creditably rendered. The attendance was moderate. The Rev. S. Green.—Owing to ill health the Rev. Samuel Green of St. Paul's Church, Port Adelaide, has been obliged to seek temporary relief from his duties and intends leaving in the steamer Omeo to-day for Tasmania. On Monday afternoon, the 13th inst., the officers of the church and several members of the congregation waited upon him and through Mr, T. J. King presented him with the handsome sum of £100 which has been subscribed since Friday. During his absence, which will probably be six or seven weeks, the Lord Bishop and others of the clergy will supply his place. North Adelaide Baptist Church.—We are informed that a telegram has been received from London, intimating that the Rev, L. G. Carter has been engaged as the successor to Mr. J. L. Parsons, who it will be remembered under strong medical advice resigned the pastorate of the North Adelaide Baptist Church on account of the state of his health. Mr. Carter was educated at Rawdon College, York shire, and was settled in 1872 as pastor of the Baptist Church, Roee- street, Edinburgh, which position he will vacate in order to come to Adelaide. He is expected to leave by the January mail steamer, and may therefore be expected early in March. We may state that the Rev. James Martin, now of Melbourne, was for some time pastor oi the above-named Church. " Methodist Heroes."—The Rev. Dr. Antliff delivered, an interesting and highly amusing lecture on "Methodist Heroes, their labours, trials, and successes," at the Town Hall on Tues day evening, December 14. There was only a moderate attendance. The Rev. J. Bickford presided, and there were also on the platform the Revs. J. B. Stephenson, J. Goodwin, and J. Masterman, the last-named of whom opened the proceedings with prayer. The rev. doctor briefly glanced at the heroic spirit which had been shown by men of all times and nationalities, and then stated that although the Christian Church, and even the Primitive Methodist sec tion of the Church, had produced many great heroes, it was not bis intention to refer to any with whose names his hearers might be presumed to be already familiar. He would rather speak of that which he himself knew—of men whose names would never be heralded throughout the world as heroic spirits, but who to his personal Imowledge had nevertheless in the course of a noble self-sacrificing life been tbe means under God's blessing of winning many converts to tbe cause of their Divine Master, and of rescuing hundreds, nay, even thousands of men and women from a criminal vicious life. He then graphically described their earnest, courageous, and persevering labours, the bitter persecution to which many of them were subjected, and the measure and future reward of their well-won success. Jeremiah Gilbert, a young man brought up in the same village as himself, and whose father bad spent bis life in extending Primitive Methodism throughout England, began his work as a home missionary by open-air preaching, and was subjected to great persecution, thrice im prisoned for the heinous offence of preaching the Gospel, and was at length discharged by magistrates as an "incorrigible Methodist." His work, however, was signally blessed, and although the converts who followed his counsel were called "Heavenly Jumpers," neither he nor they heeded the nickname, and he told the lecturer how not one of them in a certain village where many first received light from on high had relapsed from a consis tent Christian life. The speaker next described in a satirical and effective manner the ecclesiastical bigotry which so often pre vented Primitive Methodists in England from obtaining land on which to build their chapels, mid after reciting many amusing details in the life of another Primitive Methodist hero well known to himself, he mentioned the oase of a third acquaintance, a man named Russell, who for preaching was condemned to three months' hard labour at the tread-wheel at the instance of a Tory squire and a Tory parson. The spirit of Toryism he utterly abhorred, as it was but the legacy of the feudalism of a bygone age. He was exceedingly sorry that a trace of it yet existed in England in the connection between •Church and State, bnt he trusted that before long the much-needed separation would be effected. It had often pruned him to see the servility, wretchedness, and poverty-stricken lot of_ agricultural labourers at home, and he rejoiced that Joseph Arch, who was a Methodist local preacher, had stood out bravely and done much for them, notwithstanding the shameful and discreditable suggestion of the Tory Bishop of Gloucester that the "dangerous dema gogues" should be thrown into a horsepond. fie trusted that South Australians, who possessed far greater liberties even tban their fellow countrymen in Eogland, would guard that freedom with a jealous eye, watching scrupu lously against any encroachments of that spirit of feudalism which now to some extent existed in the relations of Church and State, and which he was sorry to see had been partially advocated in one of tbe Australian Colonies. He appealed to them to make their country as free as G-od intended it to be. The Emigration Lecturer — From the " Anglo-Colonial Notes" of our London Corre spondent we leam that lb. R. J. Day, the Emi gration Lecturer for South Australia, is now in Warwickshire, having previously travelled through a considerable portion of Oxfordshire, Gloucestershire, Berkshire, and Northampton shire. In the course of his duties he has delivered 50 or 60 lectures in various villages and hamlets, and has distributed handbooks and pamphlets wherever the opportunity offered. He finds that considerable opposition is offered to him by the farmers, but it is mostly ef a passive character. He has, where possible, enlisted the assistance of Union Secretaries and Delegates, and Hr. Aroh has interested himself in his labours; but he finds the task of obtaining labourers difficult, emigration during the past few months having materially reduced the number of eligible candidates for passages. The floods which have been very severe over the greater part of England have interfered with his progress at times, and he has had to put up with many discomforts. What the results of his labours have been we have not heard, but the circulation of trustworthy information respecting the colony by one who has had so much experience in it cannot fail to be productive of good. Dinner to the Members fob Victoria.— It is proposed to give a complimentary dinner to Messrs. G. G. Hawker and J. Ingleby, the repre sentatives of the District of Victoria in the House of Assembly. Mr. Bouoaut and some other members of the Ministry are expected to be present. Wool Sales.—Messrs. Harrold Brothers have favoured us with a copy of the following tele gram, which they have received from Loudon:— "The first series of wool sales are fixed for February 11." The Supreme Court.—The Primary Juig® in Equity on Wednesday heard further argu ments in Levi v. Ayers, The Court will sit again on Friday, when the arguments will be concluded. Australian Exploration. — We have re ceived by the mail from West Australia the official issue of Mr. John Forrest's journal of exploration through " Central Australia." The publication has been very neatly got up by the ■ Government Printer at Perth, and contains some interesting plates, drawn by Mr. Prinsep from the explorer's rough field sketches. There is also a large map showing the route taken from ' Champion Bay to the Overland Telegraph Line. Vital Statistics.—The number of births and deaths registered in the General Registry Office during the week ended Saturday December 11 were:—Births—males 53; females, 57. Deaths— males, 20; females, 27. Total—Births, 110; deaths, 47. Excess of births, 63. For the Dis> trict of Adelaide:—Births—males, 18 ; females, 18\. Deaths—males, 10 ; females, 15. Total— Births, 36; deaths, 25. Excess of births, 11. Width of Tires Act.—We notice that Mr. Higinbotham has been suggesting in the Legis lative Assembly of Victoria that the Govern ment should copy some of the provisions of the South Australian Width of Tires Act. Metallic Calendar.—Messrs. A. Simpson and Son, of Gawler-place and Freeman- street, have forwarded to us a novdty in the form of a calendar, printed on tin. The lettering, which is black, on a green ground, is clear and neat. The Claud Hamilton.—A telegram from Newcastle intimates that this steamer arrived at that port from Port Darwin on Wednesday, December 15. 