THE HAND OF ETHELBERTA: A COMEDY IN CHAPTERS* BY THOKAS TTARDT, .Author ol "Far from the Madding Crowd," "A. Pair of Blue Eyes," and "Under the Greenwood Tree." CHAPTER XXIX. MBS. BILMAINX'S-CRITPLEGATB CHURCH. Neigh's remark that he believed he should seeEthelberta again the nextday referred to a contemplated pilgrimage of an unusual sort which had been arranged for that day by Mrs. Belmaine upon the grounds of an Incidental suggestion of Ethelberta's. One afternoon in the week previous they had been chatting over tea at the house of the former lady, Neigh being present as a casual caller, when the conversation wm directed upon Milton by somebody opening a volume of the poet's workr that lay on a table near. " Milton! thou ahould'st be living at this hour; l&gland; hath need ot thee said Mia Belmaine with the degree of flip* pancy which is considered correct for im mortal verse, the Bible, .God, &c.;, in these days. And Ethelberta replied, lit np by a quick remembrance, "It is a good tame to talk of Milton; for I have been much.im. pressed by reading his Life; and I have de cided to go and «ee his tomb. Could w% not all go? We ought to quicken onr memories of the great, and of where they lie, by such a visit.occasioiiaQy." ... "We ought," said Mrs. Belmaine. "And ,whj shouldn't . wet" continued Ethelberta with interest "To Westminster Abbeyf' said Mr. Bel maine, a common man of 30, younger than his wife, who had lately come into Hie room. ' " No; to where he lies comparatively alone -Cripplegate Church." " I always thought that Milton was buried in Poets'Comer," flaid Mr. Belmaine. "So did 1," said Neigh; " but I have such an indifferent -head for places that my thinking goes for nothing." "Well, itwould be a pretty thing to do," said Mrs. Belmaine, "and instructive to all of us. If Mrs. Petherwin would like to go, I Should. We can take yon in the-carriage, and call round for Mrs. DoncasHe on onr way, and set you both down again coming back." " That would be excellent," said Ethel* berta. " There is nowhere I like going to so much as the depths of the city. The absurd narrowness of world-renowned streets is so surprising-so crooked and shady as they are, too, and Ml of the quaint smells of old cap boards and cellaiB. Walking one of them re minds me of being at the bottom of some crevasse or gorge, the proper surface of the globe being the tops of thehouses." " Ton will come to take care of us, John? And you, Mr. Neigh, would like to come? We will tell Mr. Lady well that he may join us if he cares to," said Mrs. Belmaine. < "Ohjes." said her husband quietly ; and Neigh said he should like nothing better, after a faint aspect of Apprehension at the remoteness of the idea from the daily track of his thoughts.. Mr. Belmaine observing this, and mistaking it for an indication that Neigh had been dragged into the party against his will by his over-nasty wife, arranged that Neigh should go independently ana meet them there at the hour named if he chose to do so, to give him an opportunity of stay* ing away. Ethelberta also was at this time -doubting if she had not been too eager with , her proposal. To go on such a sentimental errand might bethought by her friends to be simply troublesome, their adherence having been given only in the regular oodrse of com* plalsance. She was still comparatively an outsider here, her life with Lady Petherwin having been yawed chiefly in alternations between Knglfeh watering-places and conti nental to wns. However, it was too late now to muse on this, and it may be added that from first to last Ethelberta never discovered from the Belmaines whether her proposal had been an infliction or a charm, so perfectly, were theypractised in sustaining that oomplete i divorce between thinking and saying whfohis the hall marie of high civilisation. "Between these and my poor crude Sol and Dan how great a gulf is fixed I" she said to her self, well knowing how plainly thejr would have grumbled at first if wider such circum stances they bad seen no pleasure to them selves in accompanying her. and on second thoughts how determined they' would have been to go, on the moral ground of giving K" >asure to her. The same result, it is true; t reached openly; and her heart naturally clang to the manners familiar to her child hood, though impracticable now. ? Bat however she might doubt the Bel main es she bad no doubt as to Neigh's true sentiments: the time had come when Jit notwithstanding his air of beihg mMHWH. almost every hvely invention ottown jHy * The right of republishing " Die ButdatCth«l berta: »Comedy In Obaptera,* hw bem purefcM*!by be at all oppta-ecTfrr a quiet «Mfc to the purlieus of St. Giles's, Cripplagate, sines eh* was the originator, and was going hearth It wu a bright hope-inspiring aftarnoda ha this mid-May time when the carriage ota< Mr. and Uk Belmiina, Xn, Dia> castle, and Ethelberta crept along the en cam bered streets towards Barbican; andturnlac out of that thoroughfare into Rodcromfaeat they beheld the bold shape of the oMtowt they sought, clothed In every neatral ahada standing clear against the sky, dusky aad. grim in its npper stage, and hoary gt»j belew, whert every corner of every stone was com pletely rounded off by the waves of wind and storm. All people were busy here: ear visitors seemed to be the sole idle petsosa the city contained; and there was no dissonanoe -there never is-between antiquity and sock beehive industry; for pore industry in to observe its own existence and Sspect par takes of the unobtrusive natore of material things. This intramural stir was a flywheel transparent by infinite motion, through which Milton and his day oould be seen as if nothing intervened. Had there been es tensibly harmonious accessories, a crowd of observing people in search of the poetical, conscious of the place and the scene, what a discord would have arisen there. But every body passed by Hilton's grave except Bthet berta and her friends, and for the moment the city's less invidious conduct appeared te her more desirable as a practice than hac own. But she was brought out of this rumination by the halt at the church door, and ooaa> pletely reminded of the present by finding the church open, and Neigh- the, tul-yester day, unimpassioned Neigh-waiting in the vestibule to receive them, just as if he lived there. Lady well had not arrived. It was a long time before Ethelberta could get bade to Milton again, for Neigh was continuing to impend over her future more and bur* visibly. The objects along the journey i««i distracted her mind from him; but the moment now was as a direct renewal prolongation of the declaration-time yester day, and as if in furtherance of the conclusion of the episode. They all alighted and want in, the coachman being told to take tka carriage to a quiet nook farther on, and re turn in half an hour. Mrs. Belmaine and her carriage some years before had accidentally got jammed ffiusswise in Cheapside through the clumsiness of the man in turning up aside street, Mockihgthatgreat artery of thecivilised world .for the space bf a ihinute and a h&lf;, when they were pounced npon by half a dozen policemen and forced to back ignominiously up a little slit between the houses when they dia not mean to go, amid th&ahodtsnf; the passing nations; and it was her nervoas recollection of that event which nnsrxt Mis. Belmaine to be so precise in her direo> tions now. ' By the time that they were grouped arooad the tomb the visit had assumed a much mora solemn complexion than anyone among thaaa had anticipated. Ashamed of the that, she discovered Neigh to be over her, and opposing itsteadilyfEthelbii&a; drew from her pocket a small edition of Milton, and proposed that she should nad a few lines from Paradise Lost. The zs sponubjlity.of producing * successful after noon was upon her shoulders; she was, moreover, the only one -present who oould properly manage blank versa, and this was sufficient to justify the proposal. She staid with her bead against- the marble slab jut below the bust, and began a selected ptodeu Neigh standing afew yards off on her right; looking into his hat in order to listen aeon ratqly, Mr. and Mrs. Belmaine sod Mol Donate tie seating themselves in a pew directly facing the monument The ripe warm colours of fcftornoon ? came in ansa them from the west, and upon the-swear piers and arches, and the infinitely &mm; brown news beneath, the.aisle over Bthsi berta's nead being in misty shade through which glowed a lurid lightfrom ,a tfanc stained window behind. The eentoaosaffil. from her lips in a rhythmical cadence by one, and she could ^rn feUrlnfl a jirir lieea ei him before whose imageahe stood whan oath a vivid sqggestiveness she deliyamLiasca, not many yards from the. osntral moneyanU of the world, yet out from the fair *t»sah of.jtheix author, the. passage containiiif'the words, Jfi/w " Sannhon led tSsma's " Mtmmon,the lwilt awWUMt thtlW';» ?; From heaven. ;? When she had finished reading, Sthslbeita left the monument, and then each oiaenie sent straYed inde^ndefitlyaboutthebuild ing, Ethelberta taming to the lftftaioa* the passage to the south door, Mdgh^Piti whose usually apathetic face and eras vspe had proceeded a secret smouldering tight'to be listened and regarded her--followed ha the same direction, and vanishedat'hir I heels'into the churchyard, whither she M I now gone. Mr. and Mrs.- Belnfitte'** cbanged glances, and instead ef!" the pair, they went with Mrs. Done the vestry to inquire of th» person la for the registry of the- manisce of Cromwell, which was Bolemnieeahnta;' church was now quite empty, <snd 11^1 ness'waS as a vacuum into which asrhfcea sional noise from the street nminimirtjill became rarefied away tonothing. i . Something like five minutes hadpasnft when a hansom stopped outside the deaf; and Ladywell entered the porch. He stow still, ssd looking inquiringly round far a minute or two, sat down in one of the high pews, as If under the improeainn that see others had not yet arrived. While he sat here Neigh re-appeared at iba I south door opposite, and came alowiy ia. Ladywell, in rising to to to him, sawthak Neigh's attention was encroesed by aeaae* , thing he held in his hand. It was hlinnnirsi book, wd Neigh was looking at a fts md rose leaves which had been placed bstma | the page* When Istdjrwell oasse fawMi N^ghlooked up, started, sod doped the beek quickly, so thai some of the petala flattened, to the ground between the two men. "AhI here joe are, Ladywell," he Mil, recovering himself. "Wefcadjgvenyeaap: myaunt said you would not aaretooo«aa. Thlfr are all in the vestay." Howmnetttopes* that Neigh designated those in * ali," when there was one in tie chmhi yard, was a thing tfoat he hlmetif eMfti hardly have explained, so much aura had it to do with inaanct than with . "Never mind them-doa'tintertuat thesM* said LedywelL "The plain trattu $katt have been veiy greatly ^ and I oould not it I had some d< , "Iameorry tohear " Neigh-I may as done with it Icfclt. acquaintance has £fO lam veiymuohia "What-Mrs,. 1 uneasily. , was over with yOu ! : ; . ^*bi anMasue'ttiiiiia tell you that what yoa^ikll a &ua;< anything bat alancr wfwiaae, W b roiifac dtower. To speak plainly, Neigh, I ^ajSermyBeK badly used by that woman ; »3traaM Nelgb, pecl!«nl<»%i if lam beaten, I am. Bat it is vwy?r£ ?liAino ftftAV OflDDOStllE tO DO Ssss«m£ "psn.«th.« i.u« q»>», "'..ItoM Ton yon were quite mistaken in *n " «aid Lady well, warmly. She did care Sr me, and / stood as weU with her: as any iin^ 6onld stand until this leUow came wheever he is. A sneaking scamp, that a Sat he is. Why does he not show him. **" Don't yon really know who he is t" said Neigh, in a pronounced and eiMptionftltone, TOpnrpose to give Ladywell a «*«"»« suspecting, for the position was getting awkward. Bnt Ladywell was blind as Bartimeus in that direction, so well had indifference to Ethelbertas eharms been feigned by Neigh until he 3 marrying her. Yet, unfortunately for the interests of calmness, LadyweU was leas blind with hia outward eye. In his reflec hja ninnflfl had lingered again upon the SXtbwk which Neigh still held in his hand, and upon the two or three rose-leaves mi the floor, until he said idly, supenm pering humorouaneBS upon misery, as men Ul',Bo»leave8, Neigh? I thought you did not care for flowers. What makes you «-aj. yourself with such sentimental objects M they, only fit for women, or painters like Mf If I had not observed you with my .wn eyes I should have said that you were shout the last man in the world to care for things of that sort Whatever makes you keep rose-leaves in your pocket; TOOK. "The best reason on earth,' said Neigh. " A wofaan gave them to me. . "That proves nothing unless she is a era* deal to you." said Ladywell, with the experienced air of & man who, whatever his inferiority in years to Neigh, was far beyond kitn in. knowledge of that sort, by virtue of Ids recent trials. ^ "She is a great deal to me. " If I did not know you to be such a oon finned misogynist I should say that this isa "e*^ItiB8MioaI"saidNeighquietly. "The ?robability is that I shall many tfoe woman fflR these. Anyhow. I have asked her the question, and she has not altogether "*?I^am glad to hear it, Neigh," odd Lady well heartily. " I am glad to near that your ?tar is higher than mine." . Before Neigh could make further reply ladywell wbb attracted by theglow ofgreen nniight reflected through the south door by the grass of the churchyard, now in , awjM freshness and luxuriance. He bent ] ^ ijfryq thither, followed anxiously by "i had no idea there was such a lovely Wanner oi an orchard. What a charming **?Seplaoe was .truly chftrmiiyjnst at tfeafc jntsu Tbr untainted leaves of tiie lime and o|iM*tmstDd the a«wl|'iprflBggn*tadh SSSaateaUancy of bean* thatw^breu^t fart* extraordinary g® W aefl showing here and there, and the cnai* ffdaii stems and trunks out of which thd feavea Imdded: they seemed an importation, . sot a produce, and their delicacy Such as ' wmddberish In a day. .. ." yf«* ji thn found tnrarl" LsdyweU «««{»» walking tonwds the iron-grey , wkiL MtUy covered with ivy Mid Vir. creeper, which stood obtruding into the *"'loh!Tdidn't you know that was here? pwoe of the old dtj wall," said Nefafa. loo wig furtively around atthesame SS7 BeUna the bastion the churchyard eitttderof ragged masonry. On rounds inrtk*proiecti<m7Ladywdl beheldwithina fnr fcgtof Mm a lady whom he knew too "Ma. Patherwin here!" exclaimed he, piifiM hMr ignorant lie had been of the *s3t&ff;&iSeSS3S;& "HlSSSLit to Ml ton." said Neigh awk-, ee^ll^^Undhim, "mat Mrs. Petherwia ^'f^B^MSSddMriTi trite wMiasem feuattBridaa ifahe hadoeea detected in a '*-"v TfmtWi aha came up to him, aad ".ildidnotaee you befms this moment; * *-- fMnkincyou would not come. ti*eew«ua were being pretty Jjrfywatt'a face becamepaleasdeatk ^»^B^rta^l>oaom wajtajffatom and mm aalyx a ?nmc^isaBMBBSd. It had been a rea rose, & two cr wcee leaves remained upon fear noticinghis fi»d«aise, a. " Yea. I have lost my jS^^SSwas w«U?o now," and ?fee pUcked out the stem, and flung it away, i ifear Ladywellturned nrnnd to meat Mr. lal Kn. Belmaine, whoae yoioeswere be* to be beard Just within the church lioor.itiiT'T Neigh and Ethelbexta toother. ,jt tHM^a. vaosfu act of young LadywelTs, «i.t 10 the midst of his own pain at the, *ale the rose-leaves aaggeatad-: ^SBtbatar, Btiielberta'a mutability, his MhTdsfeat^-ne > was not regardless of the jataTwrrtlfB*"-wwnt that might have been w-4 hsf'flhrr 'llwtwo wtwj^t «t first, and it was' mAtti Unk Ethalbertas mood was one of: jama * Shetunied aside from him to follow - jbjt fjjjuuft wheat Neigh spoke in a tone MB«wbat bitter e&d; aomewhat stem. " What-4oine^ike ttiatt After bting: MKCt^nised^ether,' jwhy ^don't tou close Ladyw«U lenows all: I had ^ready 'Md bmihat the sese waa «iven me by my \- wife. We seem to him to be ^TtWtog deceptions all of a ^oe, and what jAs toTOatl aid* [J j*sk yourlorgiTaness for." . PVlk yviu avi^i«w**w>w _ \- n^albettaiodied upon the ground^ wid auUeHtoad a ccmpieaaod Up. . Neigh re I showed more feeiinR than von CMe^lMwXJnsist that itwasnot more than nn^arthii ciirntimfaHirMIL it not mMi sn9ar. "0|Ani(ma may differ, but my mil 'ta prove tfaat conventional ei ftt aodi timBS as these is tffcd Written about than prac . jjiiiu biniailniir ninnf be eqweted ; " -|.^lha' question. Neverthe ? mor»-that I will'nevar do so that others will think so loo. Ladywell is, at any rate, bent on thinking so. ... . It might have been made known to him in a gentle way-but God dispones. " "There is nothing to make known-I don't understand," said Ethelberta, going from > him. By this time Ladywell had walked round ? the gravel walks with the two other ladies and Mr. Belmaine, and they were all turning to come back again. The young painter had deputed his voice to reply to their re marks, bat his understanding continned poring upon other things. When he came - up to Ethelberta, his agitation had left him: she, too, was free from constraint; while' Neigh was some distance off, carefully1 examining nothing in particular in an old fragment of wall. The little party was nowunited again as to its persons; though in spirit far otherwise. They went through the church in general talk, Ladywell sad bat serene, and Ethel berta keeping far removed both from him and from Neigh. She had at this juncture entered upon that Sphinx-like stage of existence in which, contrary to her earlier manner, she signified to no one of her ways, plans, or sensations, and spoke little on any subject at all There were occasional smiles now which came only from the face, and speeches from the lips merely. The journey home was performed as they had come, Ladywell not accepting the seat in Neigh's cab, whioh was phlegmatically offered aim. Mrs. Doncastle's acquaintance with EthelbeTta had been slight until this day: but the afternoon's proceeding had much impressed the matron with her younger friend. Before they parted Bhe said, with the sort of affability which is meant to signify the beginning of permanent friendship: "A friend of my husband's, Lord Mount clere, has been anxious for some time to meet yon. He is a great admirer of the poems, and more stall of the story-telling invention, and your power in it He has been present many times at the May fair TTfttl to hear you. when will you dine with as to meet him? I know you will like him. Will Thursday be convenient?" Ethelberta stood for a moment reflecting, and reflecting hoped that Mrs. Doncastle had not noticed her momentary perplexity. Crises were becoming as common as black* berries; and she had foreseen this one a long time. It was not that she was to meet Lord Mountclere, for he was only a name and a distant profile to her: it was tbatjtier father would necessarily be present at (he meeting, in the most anomalous position that jxuman nature oould endure. - However, having often proved in her dis jointed experience that the shortest way oat of a difficulty lies straight through it, Ethel, berta decided to dine at the DoncastLes, and, as she murmured that she should have great pleasure in meeting any friend of theirs, set about contriving how the e&oounter; withher dearest relative might be made safe and un« suspected. She bade them adieu blithely; but the thoughts engendered by the invi tation stood oefore ner as sorrowful and rayless ghosts which oould not be laid. Often at euch conjunctures as these, when the futility of her great undertaking was more than usually manifest, did Ethelberta long like a tired child for the conclusion of the whole matter; when her work should be over, and the evening oome: when she might draw her boat up on the Bnore, and in some thymy nook await eternal night with a placid mind. . 