Oxlex Shire Hall. — Our Milawa corres pondent is somewhat severe npon the promoters of the ball which is to be held to celebrate the opening of the new Shire Hall at Oxley, and his remarks thereon are pertinent, and decidedly worthy of notice. If what be states be true, then the devoting the nroeeeds to charitable purposes is somewhat of a farce, as the very men most interested, and those who ought to be ever forward it, the cause of charity, are to be admitted gratuitously. On an occasion like this we believe that the free list should be entirely suspended, and we feel sure that the council lors alluded to would indiguantly repudiate the idea of going to the opening for nothing. Surely our correspondent's informant must be mistaken. We expect that, weather per mitting, the affair will be a genuine success, and look forward to hearing of a handsome sum being banded over to the public charities. Changes. — Some doubt appears to exist as to the lime when the first section of the Beechwortli Railway will be opened as far as Everton. It was originally stated that the line would be ready for traffic by the IStb iDst., but owing to the bad weather of the last few weeks, it is probable that thefiist train will not run before the beginning of next month. The opening of this section will necessitate considerable changes in the arrival and departure of the coaches. As a matter of coarse, the coach from Waugaratta will be doao away with. The traius will, in all probability, reach Everton at about 2.15 p.m. and 9.30 p.m., and consequently the mails from Melbourne reach Beecbworth about 4 p.m. and 11.15 p.m. Coaches will have to leave Beecbworth for Everton at C a.m. and 1 p.m., and the mail to Bright will probably be despatched direct from Everton, and not from Wangaratta as heretofore, which will neces sitate a chance in the departure of the coach from Beecbworth to Bright. Roman Catholicism. — At the Hibernian Society's meeting on Monday, it was agreed that the society would meet the bishop about a mile from town, in regalia, and escoit his lordship to St. Joseph's, proceeded by the Beecbworth brass band, if the consent of the bishop be obtained. Hibernians from Albury, Wangaratta, Bright, and Benalla are expected to join the contingent. The parishioners of Beecbworth will meet at the school-house at lOo'cloek next Sunday morning, to make final arrangements for his reception. Sales by Aucrrox. — On Tuesday Messrs J. If. Gray and Co. sold by auction at the premises, Finch-street, Beecbworth, a valuable freehold property, with dwelling housj and outhouses, belonging to Mrs Abbott, for the sum of £200 ; likewise a lot of furniture and household effects at satisfactory prices. Also at the Ovens District Hospital, 1300 sheets of galvanised zinc roofing, at from 7d to lid ; fis hundredweight, of sheet lead at 2d per lb., end a quantity of ridging ana spouting at f-cir prices. On Wednesday the property of Miss Ferris situated near the Beecbworth race course was retired, there being no bid exceed ing the reserve; the same auctioned s, howevtr, disposed of a number of oil paint- ings. Beechworth Bath Company. — It will be observed iu our advertising columns, that a meeting of tlie shareholders in the above company is convened for 4 p.m. on Thursday, 24th inst., at the Benevolent Asylum Board Room, Camp- street, the objects of such meeting being : to authorise the directors to increase the capital of the company by issue of debentures bonds in accordance with rule 38, and for general business. Publication Received. — A copy of " A popular treatise ou the constitutional origin f nervous disorders" has reached us. The author is Dr Charles T. Mackiu, District Medical Officer of Geelong, and the publisher jg Mr George Robertson, of Melbourne. A Gentleman— By Act of Parliament. — Mr McKean is never happy unless he is black guarding somebody, and the last man whom he has honored by his abuse is Mr Marcus Clarke. We shall not give the abusive soli citor the enjoyment of re-publishing his scurrilities, referring as they did to Mr Clarke's private affairs. He objected, in his wn peculiar style — which will always be his own, because no other man would use such dirty instruments— against the appointment of Mr Marcus Clarke to the post of compiling & history of Australia, and to the terms of that appointment. Mr Mackay made an entirely satisfactory reply, but with that we have nothing to do. We congratulate Mr McKean on one fact, that an Act of Parlia ment Las made him, in courtesy, what no power in earth or Leaven could make him really — a gentleman. Mining at El Dorado. — It is with pleasure e notice this mining township, which has lor some time been regarded as well nigh at the end of its prosperity, is improving, and there Eeems to be every possibility that ere long it will again come to the fore. Most of the old established claims are in full work, and yesterday we learned that the Endeavor Company, which recently took up the ground formerly known as Kueebone's claim, have got six ounces of gold to the bucket of black Sand. The good ground is on the upper floor, which was abandoned by the old company. School Accommodation. — For some time past the El Dorado School Board of Advice has urged upon the Education Department the necessity which exists for the establish ment of a State school in the agricultural Mid mining township of Carraragarmungee, hot, as is generally the case, little notice was taken of their application beyond vague promises and the stereotyped phrase, that the "matter should receive due considera tion." The matter is one of urgency, as at preeent children have to travel three and four miles to the nearest school, which is situated at El Dorado, whilst, were the proposed school established, it would be attended by at least ISO scholars. Perhaps the department may he induced to take practical action in the matter. Melbourne Produce Market. — Breadstuffs show a decline. Wheat, 4s lid ; flour, £10 Vs; feed aud milling oats, 4s to 4s 3d ; ordin- ity to good, 3s 7d to 4s ; Tasmanian, 3s Id to 3s 4d ; Cape barley, 4s Id to 4s 2d ; bran, Is 5|d; pollard, at late rates ; cheese, 7£d to 8£d Mid prime, 9£d ; potted butter and fresh, show a. slight improvement. Omeo County Court. — It is announced that Judge Hackelt will hold a county court, at Qmeo, on Tuesday, 29th June. Polar Star Quartz Mining Company. — At a meeting of the Committee of Management ef the Polar Star Qaarlz Mining Company, held at the Commercial Hotel, Yackandandah, Cn the 8th inst., it was stated that, in accor dance with a resolution passed at a previous meeting to wind np the affairs of the com pany, all outstanding accounts were now received and passed for payment. The sub committee stated that they had disposed of the tools and other properties of the company stthe sum of £5 5s. It was resolved that a dividend cf Is per share be declared on and after that date ; and, also, that Mr Cole be authorised to draw the balance in the hank at present to the credit of the company to liquidate the dividend. It was also resolved that any balance remaining on hand six months from date be handed over to the Ovens District Hospital. Fife and Drum Band. — A meeting was held at Powell's Royal Victoria Hotel on Tuesday, the 22nd instant, for the purpose of forming a band for Wangaratta. There were about twenty persons present. The following committee was elected, viz. — T. Swan, J. C. Hoad, J. Catts, H. Dale. Rawlings, and A. C- Thomson, secretary. Since the above meet ing twenty members have joined. A code of rules was drawn up and adopted by the band. The committee appointed to canvass handed in a very favorable report. It was resolved to apply for any fnnds or property from the late Fife and Drum Band, aud also to continue canvassing for subscriptions. It is confidently expected that practice will commence in a fortnight. Murray Traffic. — The steamers have already commenced rnuning on the River Murray, aud despite powerful the opposition of the rail, are doing a fair business. The first steamer of the season, the Corowa, has been up as far as Howlong, where she got stuck. The river now, owing to the late weather, is very high, and navigation is easy. Auctioneer's Report. — Mr A. Tone reports having sold on Saturday, June 5th, on behalf of Dockendorff aud Heach, a large quantity of saw mill plant, as follows : — One 14 horse power engine, £340 ; one 10 horse power do., £30; waggonette and harness, £32; bugay and harness, £16 12s 61 ; horses' light har ness at from £4 to £15 10s ; 50 head working bullocks at prices ranging from £5 15s to £9 per bead ; lorric-s, drays, bellows, and a laig.: assortment of miscellaneous articles and timber at satisfactory prices. Although the weather was inclement, the attendance was good, and the sale on the whole was very satisfactory. Judge Bowman. — His Honor Judge Dunne being affected with congestion of the left lung — though tLo Maryborough Standard gives a very different view of the ailment — Judge Bowman has had to take his place at Kynetm this day (Saturday), and will also preside over the court to bo held at Daylcsford on Monday. To judge from our contemporary, the illness of Judge Dunne will require to be officially investigated. Breach of Promise. — We hear on gord authority that a buxom widow, who is the landlady of an hotel not a hundred miles from Springliuist, intends commencing an action for breach of promise against an ancient and gallant knight of the cleaver, who lives not a long distance from Benalla. Matchboxes and Pistols. — A man named Henry Russell — pace to the manes of the well-known singer of that name — pnt iu an appi-ai unco at the Beechwortli Police Court on Thursday last. It was not a pleasant ap pearance by any means. As to his nose, for instance, — though it was difficult to make out whether be belonged to the nose or the nose belonged to him, so predominant was it — originally of the ultra-Roman type, it had been still further developed by, apparently, violent contact with Eome hard substance — gravel, we imagine, or rock. The rest of his face corresponded with his noso ; it was bloatid and scarred, and would have seemed — but that Mr Russell had proved some time since by his own evidence, that he was an eminently respectable person —that of a drunken and disgraceful old reprobate. This beauty had gone to the dwelling of a comical but most respectable old couple named Dickerson, and stolen there, from a double-barrelled pistol. He informed the court that he had taken the pistol because he wanted to shoot somebody, with an em phasis on the " somebody." When arrested he was so drunk that a conveyance had to be procured to bring him to Beechworth. He received the mild sentence of 21 days' im prisonment. This same Russell distinguished himself in April last by a little case at the police court, in which he was charged with attempting to steal a stone matchbox from the inn kept by Mr Felix O'Connor. Od that occasion he escaped " by the skin of his teeth," but it is evident now that his larcen ous proclivities are particularly active when he is in a state of beer, and that he hugged the matchbox, not because he wanted it, but because at the moment ha felt an irresistible impulse to steal. This is the illustrious individual who, in a letter which appeared in our columns on April 27th, says, " I am no vagabond going about stealing matches. I can boast of 24 years' honesty and industry without reproach, nor was I ever threatened with dismissal for dishonesty, prior to coming to the colonies." Observe the word prior. We really think that the police should see that this poor, persecuted, honest man should receive due attention when he leaves the gaol. Accidents. — Samuel Martin, herdsman, broke his right leg on November 5th of last year, and was for many weeks afterwards an inmate of the Ovens District Hospital, whence he was discharged sound and well. On the evening of the 9th instant (Wednesday last), while returning home, a small dog startled his horse, and he was thrown from his back, breaking the same leg in nearly, if not pre cisely, the same place. He is now again an inmate of the hospital. A Mrs Ryan, of Hurdle Flat, was also admitted as a patient yesterday, having iojured her foot with an adze. Wangaratta Police Court. — At this conrt, on Thursday, before Mr Holmes, P.M., J. B. Woodhead sued H. Hoysted for £2 14s, for goods sold and delivered. Order for the amouut, with 5s costs. J. B. Woodhead v Wm. Hoysted : claim £2 14s, for good3 sold and delivered. Order for amount, with 5s costs. Burrows v Tuck: fraud summons. The police said the defendant had gone to Melbourne. There being no appearance of either party, the case was struck out. The Stanley Athen.s;um. — Those people are at it again ; they must always be doing something. The present idea is a concert to be given in aid of the library on Friday, 18th inst. There is not the ghost of a whis per of a dance in the advertisement, but we have our own opinion about that. The Vote for Free .Libraries. — Un Thurs day a schedule was laid before the Legislative Assembly of the distribution of the vote of £3000 in aid of the building fund of free libraries duriDg 1874-75. Amongst the monies spent were the following: — Benalla, £20; Beechwortb, £100 ; Stanley, £15 ; and Three Mile Greek, £20. Sale at the Rocky Water Holes. — Messrs J. H. Gray and Co. advertise for sale by public auction, on the premises, Rocky Water Holes, Springhurst, near Chiltern, on Satur day next, June 19th, the whole of the property in the insolvent estate of Richard Magoffin. Full particulars appear elsewhere. The Beechworth Consols Company, Chiltern.— On Wednesday Mr J. A. Wallace, M.L.O., Mr Croyle, of Ballarat, and Mr Bundle, who had been specially sent by the English shareholders to visit the mine, visited the Sons of Freedom and Doma Mungi claims, at Chiltern, which are being formed into a company, under the above- mentioned title. They were shown through the workings by Mr H. Nickless, the present manager. On the following day they paid a visit to the Old Grand Junction claim, near Christmas Town; also, to the Stockyard Lead, near the Barnawartha road. The gentlemen returned to Melbourne by the afternoon train. The Ministry and the Tailings. — Mr A. T. Clark, the ex-Government servant, and present meddling member of Parliament, should be satisfied at last. He was under the impression, or pretended to be — which is more likely — that Mr Kerferd had been dirty ing his hands in tho tailings of the Doma Mungi company, and on Tuesday night, according to the Argus, " the Minister of Railways presented to the Assembly a return to an order, on the motion of Mr A. T. Clark, giving copies of all papers in reference to the purchase of a quantity of tailings for railway ballast from the Doma Mungi Tribute Miniug Company, Chiltern. On July 7, 1874, the manager of the company wrote to the Railway department offering to supply 40,000 cubic yards of gravel for the bulk sum of £1000, being at the rate of sixpence per cubic yard. Mr Watson, the resident engineer, reported that the ballast was of excellent quality, and that the price would be reason- able enough if the ballast were delivered close alongside the line, but 50 chains of railway would have to be laid from the North-Eastern Railway to the mine, at a cost of about £800. He thought if the ballast were purchased the company should pay half the cost of this line. An agreement was entered into between the department and the Sons and Doma Consols Company and the Doma Mungi Tribute Company, by which the department agreed to purchase 40.000 cubic yards of gravel for £1000, with the option of taking 70,000 cubic yards at the same price per yard, notice being given of their intention within three years, the department undertak- ing to construct the railway to the mine. The total cost of the branch line was £2026 12s 5d. The value of the permanent way materials ramaining the property of the Government is £1325 14s ; tha value of the work executed by the contractors of the adjoining main line being £700 18s 5d." A Chinaman's Last Words. — A Chinaman, named Yick Yung, committed suicide at Sandhurst on Sunday night, or Monday morning, by taking opium, his debts having apparently brought about a troubled state of mind. At the inquest some papers, found in the hand of deceased, were translated by the interpreter as follows:— "I beg all Chinese gentlemen to soon make their fortune, and not stay in this country any longer. Only I owe every mans money, in the next world I will return it to them. My dear Cheong On, your uncle (deceased) seek for death, you better to try soon make money to go home. Your grandfather has four sons, only leaving one grandchild ; and I will see your grand father. It is my fault. You must recollect. I'll say no more. On this goldfield our re- lations are very poor, but don't make any subscriptions to bury. You and your brothers must pay all expenses to bury me." The second paper ran as follows, addressed to bis former partner — one Wong Pon Quon : — '' Now you and me have separated, but before I came you were particular friends. Now, I wish to look for death, and I hope you will soon make your fortune, and go home, and not stay in this strangers' country. Leave off opium smoking and lottery tickets, and keep your temper mild. If you take my advice it will protect you all your life. Soon you will return home to China. Every man must think well, and not be sorry. That is all I have to say. You will never speak with me any more." SPORTING MEMs. — During the last week Mr W. C. Yuille has held several important sales, and disposed of a number of valuable animals well known in this district. Paradox, a three- year old filly, by Sledmere, out of Puzzle, who, it will be remembered, ran so successfully in Mr Kett's colors during the past season, was disposed of for 150 guineas, and should be cheap at the money ; whilst, at the same sale, a full brother to Moun- taineer, by Snowden, out of Mitta Mitta, fetched 185 guineas. Mr J. Evans bought a useful animal by Freetrader for 25 guineas, and parted with his hurdle-racer Larrikin, who so astonished everybody at the late meeting of the Melbourne Hunt Club. We are glad to notice too that Mr H. N. Simson, of Laceby, is not going to let the death of his favourite Lucifer damp his ardor. Few men of late have been more unfortunate in breeding than has this gentleman, who managed to secure a prize and lost him through some mysterious ailment which altogether baffled the wisdom of the leading veterinary surgeons in the colony. Mr Simson has, however, with cha racteristic pluck, obtained another first class animal, having purchased from Mr Hurtle Fisher, The Mate, by Fireworks, out of Fenella. This colt, through an accident in training, was withdrawn from the turf, but from his unexceptionable breeding and splendid looks and make should prove a valuable addition to any stud. We congratu late Mr Simson on his purchase. Astonishing. — To judge from tho following paragraph, the Neio Zealand Times is runniug a neck-and-neck race with the most " high- felutin" of its Yankee contemporaries. In the issue of May 29th it is stated that a telegram has been received from Mr Yogel — our New Zealand friends did not know about Sir Julius — conveying the information that only a small number of the March Californian mail hags were lost in the Schiller, and the New Zealand registered letters were saved. One result of the Cospatrick calamity, according to the Times, is a prohibition by the Govern ment against captains of emigrant vessels taking their wives with them. The informa tion is also given that Madame Arabella God- dard may " quite possibly" return to Australia, having failed to make her mark in California. Mr Bates is playing the leading heroes of Shakespeare ; and as a last item it may be mentioned that a writer in the Times asserts that Messrs Moody and Sankey have been realising between £7000 and £8000 per annum during their revival campaign. Wangaratta Hospital. — The time for re ceiving tenders for tho supplying and laying pipes from tha Wangaratta Water Tower to the Hospital has been extended to Wednesday next, the 16th inst. All tenders must he sent in to Mr A. Wilson, the secretary. The Beechworth Prospecting Association. — The shareholders in this company have reason to congratulate themselves, those who sold out their shares to mourn, those who bought in, even at a high figure, to smile. The result of the first crushing of 140 tons was brought into Beechworth yesterday, and on being deposited iu the Bank of New South Wales by the manager, Mr CheeBman, it was found to amount to 223 oz. It is said that the reef now being worked is widening out, and that the stone looks richer than ever. A meeting of the directors was held in the morning when it was stated that the bank had advanced £4 per ounce on the gold. After paying all outlying expenses the direc tors decided to pay a dividend of £3 4s 6d, payable to-day at the office of the secretary, Mr Raecke, Ford-street, Beechworth. Great satisfaction was expressed at the manner in which Mr Oheeseman had done his work, and a bonus of £50 was unanimously voted to him. We believe that some discussion took place as to tbe unpleasant rumors whioh for tho past few days have beau current, hut that explana- fions were made. We are glad to see that this claim has turned ont so well, and hope that it is but an indication of the richness yet undiscovered around ns. County Court. — A county court will bi . held at Benalla on Friday, 22rd July, and the last day for issuing summonses will be Mon day, July 5th, aud for notice of special de fence, Thursday, July 8th. Wo do not yet know whether this and succeeding courts will be presided over by Judge Hackett or Judge Bowman. Priests in Court. — It has been rumoured for some time that the proprietor of a journal which came to an untimely end intended to charge sundry members of tho Roman Ca tholic priesthood with conspiracy, with a view, we suppose, to ruining his literary speculation, and the following paragraph from the Age may perhaps fully explain tin- rumor : — A case of some imporlance is likely soou to come before tbe local courts. Ii appears that Mr O'Reilly, late proprietor of the Banner of Belfast newspaper, intends taking proceedings against the Archbishop of Melbourne and some other leading members of tbe Roman Catholic hierarchy, for con spiracy. We understand that summonses for that purpose have been applied for, and though they hive not yet been granted, there is every probabiliiy that unless the matter is arranged iu tbe meantime they will issue in the coarse of a few days. A Frog Embedded in Coal. — A wonderful discovery (says the Newcastle Pilot) was mid- in tbe Waratah tonne's, Lmibtou, a few days ago. Two miners, named Murdoch aud Anderson, were engaged iu undermining some coal, when Anderson fonnd, at a depth of 69 feet, and in a place without any outlet what ever, a frog of a most peculiar species. Tbe creature was endowed with a pair of eyes of amazing aDd extraordinary size, but notwith standing fliis, it was totally blind. Mr Ander son lias the frog now preserved in .-pirit-, and it is visited by many lovers of the marvellous who find pleasure in inspecting its deformities and li»aring of ilia place where it r ns dis covered. Tito place where Mr And-rsou civ is three inches iu length, and about the same height, and was a hole iu the solid eoa1. An Irrepiies iisle M.L.C. — I r Dobson (says the City News) is a' ways destine i to be in hot water, it app ars. In the Juries of Four Conrt this (Saturday) morning, he replied to some remark of his Honor Judge Barry, "I am much obliged to your Honor for tlie'iofor- mhtiou." His Honor: " D.> you mean that as jocose or impertinent?" Dr D. bsou : " Neither. Your Honor cau take it just as you pleas--." His H nor : " What do you mean, sir?" Dr Dobson : I mean tha' lam very glad to rec-ivo information from the Bench. If your Honor oh->oses to mako any thing out of it, I cannot help it." The matter here dropped, aud the case proceeded. Death of a Millionaire.— Ou Sunday Mr Joseph Love, one of the most extensive colliery owners iu the county of Durham, di.'d nt his residence near Durham, at tho adv-.ncod age of SO years, after an illness of several w. eks. Mr Love began his career as a poor pit boy in the capacity of a trapper, aud gradually wonted his way up. Ho became a hewer, and from that rose to positionsof responsibility until he succeeded in becoming an owner, since wbioh his career has beeu one of continued pros perity. He was the absolute owner of a very large number of collieries loth in tho eastern and western ooalfie'ds, besides being inter ested in a large number of other public works. His charity was unbounded, and the number of chapels which he founded and endowed at his own collieries were very numerous. One of his last acts was to build, at a cost of £1000, a new chapel at High Shiuc'iffe, near Durham. Mr Love was a member of the Methodist New Connection community, and took au active part in ail their proceedings. His name was almost a household word in tho mining districts of the county with which he had been connected nearly all his life. He is stated to have died worth nearly two million; of money. Destruction of the Sugar Works at Sandridoe by Fire. — Shortly after half past 1 o'clock this morning says the Argus of Tuesday, the Victoria Sugar Works, Saudridge, caught fire. The fire commenced in the top storey, or loaf floor, of what is known as the sugar bouse, apart from, but connected with the factory. The goods stored iu the house, however, were of such an inflammable charac ter that the flames spread with almost incon ceivable rapidity. They speedily enveloped the entire building, nnd threw a luri 1 glare over tbe whole of Saudrid: e, Emerald Hill, and Melbourne. In fact the light from tbe flames was so great that iu many parts of Sandridge, it was very easy to see to read in tbe streets. Tbe Sandrdge Brigide was on the spot and at work in a few minutes, ard it was quickly followed by the Melbourne and tbe various suburban b'igades. All their efforts were however, unavailing to stop the fire. For an hour and a half after the fire commenced the liquid sugar and spirit oould bo seen flowing from the vats an I other vessels, aud feeding the greedy flames, which roared around and over the who'e of the works. AH that the brigades conld nccomp i;h was to prevent the spread of the conflagration to the adjoining buildings, aud great efforts bad to be made to secure tbem, as tbo wind carried and scattered masses of burning material for -hundreds of yards. When we went to press the fire was still raging fiercely, and the entire destruction of all the works is beyond a doubt. The fire took place at too late an hour, and the con fusion was too great to permit of any par ticulars relative to the insurance being ob tained. About 150 persons will be thrown out of employment by the sad occurrence. Witchcraft in Japan — J ealous women employ this charm to avenge the infidelity of their husbands or lovers. Dressing herself in white, her hair hanging loose behind, a tripod (usually one of those used in cooking), on which three lighted candles are placed on iter head, while in her mouth she holds a torch of bamboo and pine roots lighted at both ends, and around her neck a mirror, the slighted fair one rises at the hour of the Dull (about 2 a.m.), and, taking an effigy of the faithless one, or, as the case may be, of his frail companion, or of both, nails it to a tree within the grounds of some shrine. At whatever part of the effigy the nail is driven, there injury will be inflicted upon the original in the flesh, but if she should meat the ghost of an enormous bull and exhibit terror at the apparition, tho potency of the charm is lost, and can only be revived with incan tation and imprecations on the offending pair. The common mode of bewitching is to form a lay figure of straw, pierced with nails, and to bury it beneath the place where tbe person to be punished sleeps. — "A Budget of Japanese Notes." Generous.— Some time since a patient named McQuarrie, who was formerly in the employ of Mr. J. Richmond, Coreen station, was admitted, writes the Border Post, into the Albury Hospstal in a dangerous state of health. His recovery was rapid, and after he left the institution he spoke in eulogistic terms of the kind treatment he had received at the hands of Mr. J. A. Wine, superintendent, and from Mrs. Wine, matron of tho Hospital. The result was that Mr. Richmond, with his usual generous impulse, enclosed a cheque for £5 to Mr. Wine as a recognition of the services given to his servant. The superintendent, in thanking the donor, informe I him that the regulations of the institution prevented him accepting the present, whereupon Mr. Rich mond, in a letter addressed to the superin tendent, bearing date of 2Gth ultimo, wrote : — " I have yours of the 17th instant, and have to request that the £5 cheque I sent you for attendance upon McQuarrie be banded over as a donation from him to the Hospital. I also enclose a cheque for £8, to cover expenses incurred by the Hospital committee on his accouDt during his "stay of four weeks there. I have to thank you for taking such good care of McQuarrie. during the time he was in your hospital. When he went I was very doubtful about the result of his illness. He is now perfectly well, although sot a robust subject at the best. With compliments to Mrs. Wine and yourself, &c.;" This letter requires no comment. It bespeaks the humane employer and the charitable gentleman, and also tells how Mr. and Mrs. Wine discharge their onerous, and some times disagreeable, duties. We would that there were many such " Richmonds," not only in the field, but widely scattered over Rirerina. 