IN CHASE OE THE MA JOE. A TALE OF THE CAFE FRONTIER. « At the Cafe Biche the other night a man least towards me from the next table, and said : I think you're the gentleman who put me in a book awhile ago?' An uncomfortable address this, from a stalwart young American, bronzed, bearded, large of hand, and bold of eye. ' Not to my recollection !' I replied. 1 Oh, never mind !' he said laughing, 4 There's no harm done. But as you've printed the be ginning, wouldn't you like to hear the end of that adventure in Jaoobsdaal three or four years ago ?' ' I see you mind me now,' he continued, draw ing nearer ou the divan. Lord ! wasn't that a happy family we dined with at Widow Hutton's in Jaoobsdaal? At the top of the table sat Aokworth, whose tent we'd burnt down three weeks before for receiving stolen diamonds. I saw your face when he affably asked you to mutton, aud I saw his too when you paid no attention. I'd not walk in front of Ackworth on a lonely road by night if I were yon. Then half-way down the table sat Halioran, poor fellow, and the ' kindest -word to plead for him would be lunacy. Opposite was my own friend the Major, a sample for rogues, another man-slaughterer farther down, and another thief at the bottom. Jehoram ! What fun that was !' Well, I remembered it all as he spoke— the quaint little hostelry at Jaoobsdaal, and the sLrange companions of our table d'bfiie, Lying, as does this South African village, just within the border of the Free State, it of course beoame the refuge of all those for whom. our diamond- fields had grown too hot. In many odd societies of many lands I have mixed, but never before or since did I sit at meat with men accused and self- convicted of petty larceny Very well also I recollected the grave and morose Yankee, Major Burton, At the pame level, on my side, eat the gentleman now finishing his tide, a brisk young fellow cladln cords and spurred kneeboots, looking ready and eager to take the veldt at a minute's notice. He watched every movement of the major like a cat s at a mouse-hole. But the major never onoe glanoed across, keeping his eyes upon bis plate. They rose together, and young top-boots followed bis prey, at six inches distanoe. Having watched him settle to a game of Scarf 6 with a friendly ihanilaughterer, in the canvas annexe of the hotel, he eat down with Jaoklin and myself close by, and told us the seoret of his vigi lance. Major Barton, this gentleman, and two (partners owned a claim at New Bush, which ihadfawrad American appointed .himself' receiver of the "finds" Something agitated his confiding partners with suspicion, and they summoned him to yield op the joint possessions. This he gravely and respeetfnlly. declined to do. -Appeal being made to Judge Giddy, the treasurer vanished. The most aotive of the part ners was hastily famished with a war rant, bat he could not overtake the major on the right side of Jaoobsdaal. Not the least idea had he of giving up the hard-earned diamonds for all that, and he declared himself ready to pur- eue even to Delagoa Bay, one thousand five hundred miles as the crow flies. 1 Major Burton gave yon the slip next morning,' I eaid, laughingly. ' That's sb far as you got with the tale, he re plied. 1 1 don't mind if I tell you the rest.— Here, boy ! garcon 1' cried he to the stately ma lire d'b6tel, whom I always address as Mon sieur Louis. That refined and courteous gentle- man came up affably. 'Cigars!' ordered the irreverent yoeth. ' Los mejores, you know. I translated, and the cigars came. Yes,' he went on, after lighting up, and stretohing himself. ' Burton gave me the slip. He'd got a bed in the old stable, and I slept in the canvas shed that stood crosswise to it. Half a dozen times I got up in the night and looked ilivnnoli thA nnnn rfnnr. Thnm lav mt man. fast asleep in the white bar of moonshine streaming in, his black portmanteau at his foot. It made me mad, I tell you, to see him snoring there, when I'd a warrant for felony in my pocket against him. At last I fell sleepy, and seeing the end of that portman teau through the doors eaoh time £ opened an eye, I thought all waB right." ' And so he slipped off before daylight/ I said. ' You bad just time to tell us before galloping away.' ' I remember that. I galloped something that day. Burton was no traveller, and I knew he wouldn't dare leave the track on such a lonely veldt. But he was no horseman neither ; and when evening oame on, and all the boers I asked said the same thicg— how some such a man had passed two or three hours before — a sort of voice in me began to talk loud. I'd heard him within an hour of the start, but towards sundown he set- to shouting. At last the thing put itself into words, and ' Think of Sath Feagrim's nugget,' it said. ' You've never heard of Seth Feagrim's nugget, likely? It's a story of some years ago; but it runs for a proverb in Nevada, where I come from. Seth oame from the mountain one day, and it was soon told about that he'd found a nugget so big he couldn't carry it. Thereon, three loafers of Polt's-dam took up his trail aud lifted it back. Seth saw 'em go, and he laughed. You'll find my shanty up yonder,' shouts he. ( Make yerselves at home, but don't spile my furniture !' Three weeks they hung around the clearing, half-starved, prying into every hole on the mountain- side; while Seth, he drunk here and there, troubling himself nary mite about 'em When they came back, you never heard a man make better laughing than did Seth Feagrim out of them loafers. He fell rough on them, I tell yon. A month after — not more hurried than that— he went up the mountain with his brother- in-law and another honest man, and they brought down the nugget in three lumps. Where d'you think it had lain ? Why, in the Bhanly, covered with baked clay ; and those three fools had used it as a fire-stone! D'you see how the tale works in ?' 1 Can't say I do, off-hand,' I answered. ' Ah ! you didn't cut your teeth on the moun tains ! I began to think our diamonds might, as like as not, be hidden as was Seth Feagrim's nugget. Onoe that idea in my skull, I began to eonsider. If the' man ahead was not Burton, the sooner I got baok, the brighter I should look. Spying about, I saw a farmhouse some mile off the track, and I said, "If the oompadre is not there, it's there he's changed horses." So it was : he'd swopped Burton's nag against a pard, and set off again. I did ditto, and set back ; for the decoy was just one of our J acobsdaal man- slaughterer. I cursed him nrettv lnna and various on the back track, but perhaps he hadn't tbe best of the joke ; for at the pace that hombre went, he seemed set on reaching Blsemfontein without oooling saddle. There was a splendid moon, as you remember ; and, vexed as I was, I laughed to think of him titupping over the veldt in front of me, who had my baok to him. To wards dawn I reached Jaoobed&al; again, got into the canvas shed, and took two hours' snooze It I was when I woke that the puzzle began.' ' So I should think,' said I. Yes ! It's one thing to chase yonr fox over the level, and another to sort him ont amongst a flock of sheep. But Jaoobsdaal is only a little camp, if one don't heed its chatter. Fd soon discovered where my man took his cart and whither he was bound. There was a good Samaritan in the place ; I'd like to name him, for suoh aren't numbersome. He took my word for fifty pounds, and if I'd had time and a looking- glass I'd have shown myself round awhile in town, so spry that circumstance did make me feel, He arranged, too, about the horses, found me a cart, and the best pards in Jaoobsdaal. By noon I was off again, bound for the coleny. But Barton had a mortal long start. I went right throngh Hopatown before night. Lord ! how the springbok scurried from our track. At Belmont there was bad news. 'The passenger waggon had left Hopetown that same morning, and it travels night aud day, as you know. My only chance was to take the post-cart, which should leave at midnight. 8oon as I got to Hopetown I drove to the office, and found all the three seatB engaged. I guested I should have a fit.' 1 You must have been, very tired,' I said. One would have thought I was, but it's only tbe doctor can say what a healthy man will go through if he's put to it. You must have found that out, I should guess/ 'Yes,' I said, remembering. ' Fve marohed nine miles through West African jungle, fought half the day, and marohed baok, upon a cup of oeffee and six oaptain's biscuits. Twenty hours, eighteen miles, and a running fight, on that pro vender!' Well,' resumed the American, 1 I'd food in plenty. For five pounds down one of the passen gers gave me his seat. I slept till midnight at the inn, and it was Heaven's mercy I woke then, for the post-cart was starting as I ran up. You know what sort of trap it is P J ust an open body, piled with mail bags, a mad black biped to drive, ' and four mad quadrupeds in front of him. One of the passengers didn't turn up, and " Said for five pounds I cried I. He tore up shooting as we plnnged off, but the Hottentot only grinned and never minded. For tbe matter of that, six of him oooidn't have pulled up them four-legged plunge, buck, snort; andjib, they raced a way- no w in a heap, now over the road, biting, whinny ing, kicking, Lord ! but that was windy travel ling. We two fcoiBed up and down and against eaoh other on the mail-bags, holding to the sides, or we'd have been pitched out like peas. I thought suoh a pace couldn't last, for _ it was my first journey en a maiUoart. But it did ! Lasted a day and a half. When his over-fed horses be gan to tire of their pranks the driver soreamed at them, and when he got hoarse he cracked his long whip like a pistol. Every three hours we picked up a relay of fresh devils, two-legged and four- legged. Morning came and then evening again, always heaving and pitching, always ohoked with dust and the fiery wind. I'm tough, but when I tell you I didn't know my fellow-passenger from Adam after travelling thirty hours wih him, you'll judge the case was bad. Beaehing Victoria, I guess we were as near dead as might be. But the first thing that caught my eye, as we galloped up the street, horses stretched out and foaming, Hottentot a-tivyiag on hiB horn, and all the vil lage dogs about our heels, was that transport waggon at the inn- door, harnessed np, and the passengers clambering to their seats. I just got ont on the step and jumped. ' Hebben niet ianger dan een kiv&rtier;!' soreamed the Totty. Much I cared how long he had to wait. I'd hart myself a bit in falling, bat I limped down to the inn, as cheerful as a boy to his bird-trap. ' The guard was just crying, " All aboard !" as well as he could speak with his mouth full. Those who weren't mounted oame running out, I stood aside, mighty polite, . to let them pass. First oame a fat man, all whiskers and pauuoh, rigged like a Datoh Faletaff, in straw hat and veldt sohoen. 4 Goede morgen, baas/ I said, and ' Goede morgen/ he muttered. Another and another followed. 1 All aboard ?' cried the conductor. « All aboard, and be hanged to ycu,' grumbled the passengers. Stop !" I cried. " There's another ! Don't be in each a darned harry." 1 Another F" shouted guard, and " Another !" soreamed passengers. Yes," says I. « Where's your Major Burton ?" 'None of them digger larks with me," howls the guard. " We know your chaps, and some of you gets your blessed heads punched in the colony. All right there ? Off you go, leader!7' And off the waggon went, full swing, guard with hie fingers to hiB nose, and all the passengers across the taffrail, chaffing at me. In a minute they w&a; hid o en in a whirl of dust, and I just sot down on the stoop, feeling mighty perplexed and fit to cry. 1 The landlord comes up to me 1 " Seem kinder dull, you do !" says he. " Have a pickaxe, and tell a friend about it 1" I didn't seem to mind, and I followed him. " What's the rumpus ?" says he. And I told him. ' A man who wasn't born far from the grind- wheel is that landlord of Victoria. I'd as soon hear him talk as any man I know. He listened ' te me, Bucking his pipe, and says he ? " Did yon ever come across a man as kept the fat of his oheeks in his waistoo&t; pocket at meal times ?" '" What d'ye mean?" I asked, skeary, ' Or did ye ever see a fine complexion stain a table napkin? Beoause there's the napkin on that chair, and what's left of the complexion is travelling over the veldt at this moment as fast as eight horses can gallop. That's all." ' I ran eut bareheaded, just in time to see the post-cart vanish in a whirlwind, like a machine bewitched. Too late I was. The landlord had followed me — it's a sweet plaoe, Viotoria, and I've none bat good words to say of it, bat it's bound on me to state that that Samaritan had probably naught else to do. What with fatigue, and disappointment, and fury, I was like to go mad. The landlord took me by the arm— he was a big man — and dragged me into a bedroom, j " Go to sleep !" eays he, and after a spell £ went to sleep for twenty hours. ' He woke me then. I( The next post-cart will be by shortly," he says. " Come and have dinner." ' Dinner £ had, and in due time I was sitting again on a heap of mail- bags, with a fresh assort ment of devils in the front of me. The last word that good fellow spoke was : ' Don't be took in again by a fat man like Johnny at the fair V I laughed, thinking there was no fear of that. Across the everlasting veldt we galloped and galloped till I thought the end of all things was at hand for this digger. Aooording to time, we were bound to pass the waggon on Great Karroo desert, and I held on. But leaving Beaufort, after ninety hoars' race aud scrimmage, the horses upset us against an ant hill. It was night, bat we weren't hart, only we had to oat the brutes loose. Mounted on one of them, the driver raoed baok to Beaufort, leaving me in mid track with all her blessed Majesty's mail bags, under guard of the stars jof Heaven. Without a word he vanished in the darkness, like a black ghost, if ever there was one. I thought of friends at old De Beer's, whose plunder of diamonds lay unpro tected in the veldt at midnight, and I kept guard faithfully, rubbing my braises. Maybe I sat on one hundred thousand pounds' worth of stones, as you kuow, if not double'of that. And Burton all fth> while was rolling farther and farther away with our share. Madness kept me awake a time, and when I slept I dreamt I was choking that wretoh. ' It was morning when the Hottentot oame baok with a new cart and four fresh praooers. We loaded up the bags anyhow— -it made me shudder to see how they pitched our diamonds about, but no one is responsible for mails out yonder. Lord, how we did swim along to pick up lost time ! Another day aud another night throngh the desert, through the two kloofs, brought me to Wellington, as much as was left of me. I wanted a coffin or a bea, and I didn't greatly care whioh. Bat the sight ol that village, and the transport horses ooming baok all aste&m; from the railway, brightened me up. I was to time ; the train didn't start for ten minutes ! Telling the station-master my business, we stood at the wioket and waited. Fassengera came running in, but my man not amongst them. We waited, waited till the whistle blew. No fat man, nothing like him ! '"Seems Major Barton has given you the slip !" says the station-master. What with the worry of it, and the fever, I was half mad. " He must be here. - Stop the train 1" I shouted. The station-master looked at me, and lifted his hand. I'd but just time to clamber into a car riage, and off we were, Like a heap I fell on the eat. There wasn't m soul to talk to, and I dropped off to sleep in five minutes. There was no helping it. And 1 slept till the guard liftcd me out aud stood me against a post in Capetown station five minutes after every paiienger had left. And there I was " 'Sold!' said I, for the American stopped, looking hard at me. Sold 1 If there wasn't a Providence for honest diggers, I wouldn't be here now taking my ease m Babylon. AH T could "do and allthe police could do, didn't fetch the major. They found me six- suspicious characters a day but he was no euspioioua character, bless you ! An archbishop would have asked him to dinner at first sight. For my own part, X searched the clubs and the best hotels, but nowhere was the major to be found, fat or tbin. And tbe steamer was due ! Well, I take no oredit for it. The thing had gone beyond me. It was a woman spotted him at a glance. The major had carried on pretty far with a half-oaste girl in times baok. She met him on the beaoh one day, where he need to walk ander our very noses, and asked him for a trifle of money. Burton refused ; they got to words ; police oame np. In his passion that lunatic gave the girl in oharge. She called him by bis name, and he found himself in the tronk before he could ' ex plain,' as the beggar said. Then they oame and told me. Just as I passed the look-up door the English steamer hove in sight. Well, and — that's all.' ' You got back your diamonds ?' 'The most of them, or money equivalent/ ' Major Barton was the fat man, I suppose ?' 1 Fat man at Victoria, and blaokfellow sitting on a truck at Wellington. D'you "know— he was an awful scoundrel, but — p'raps I'm only half- ashamed, after all, to remember he was a fellow countryman. It was a fine burst, wasn't it?' 