SOCIETY & FASHION. A LADY'S LETTER FROM LONDON. Oor. L The commotion which had been excited by the Queen's letter on the disaster - in the Solent when I last wrote, and which had taken a '"nasty pamphleteering turn," as Mr. Drammond once said of popular sentiment, was* (ladled in a day or two afterwards by ah explanation sent to the leading journals on the part of theQaeen. Her Majesty explained that the letter which wis so inopportunely made public had been written tliree weeks before, and whan noons supposed a second inquest would benecei saiy, and was not intended to cast soy blame upon anybody. Of-course there are maloontenta who refuse to receive the plain sense of this explanation, and there are journals which continue to harp upon the point which the first letter made for them; but the public, who felt the matter with ex traordinary heat and unanimity, have cor dially accepted it, and the Queen is V pat right" with her people. The Pall Afall Gazette, which gave the moat reasonable, candid, and atthasame time respectfnl expression to the universal sentiment- The Times only tried to ignore ft-says very truly-" Her Majesty has shown that she cannot endue the in- - jurions, though not unnatural misconstruq. tion of the sense of her messsge; fend in showing that she cannot endure it has added to the popular oon£denoe in her own good sense and generosity." Prinoe Leinipgen Is very mncjh disgusted at the free discussion of' his conduct, and his general qualifications for .the lucrative post which he holds. *It takes a good while to teach foreigners the meaning of English liberty. Even Prince Albeit, who wasa truly sensibleman, never! thoroughly understood it end to the last. day of his life was apt to be surprised anjl annoyed when the organs of public opinio? said their say about the Royal easts, Thi' Prinoe and Jiis subordinates will have tj>, endure a good dealof wnpUnwht for the sentenoe just pronounced upon the captain and officios df' the iaain&yirai;* guard, and the censure extended : to thoee of the Iton Doke/ wiU certainty keep an uneasy sense d diffemnosiand ooifc trast alive. The grestseverity of the sentence in the case of theTahfpardhas ta^EMit public faindbyaarprjae. "WewerealUoj that tee lives on board 4fcedam*ged! badteensaved, thatjWjUd not l find the mqtessiooal view of the osptsfatV conduct adverse, in the ttensbthat ke 6«gfat to havsfiakedthe line to save Ids ship', pmfrwied feeling of regret hasheeo tn DuUfn 'bf the itnatoc of *he timt dty ?apt<ap Dawkto and thiii|ikg( reriha J'jjraspeots ofthe«a*jr."'.L." ody seems to think our splendid fleet* ontfads -to.aasuwing'thexihaimctot ft* famous'1' white elephant," that of iUmm advantage, staos nobody seems 16 kaftirhow to ntiniart toe uawbldi Jtiartftli iKa^m blame has been ao freely scattered ahaatiif > fin ing of theconrt, a quite* *e; wd.it will bensqfrlin the sense* atsctocab^iscaa"ajollygoodfrightP^ 'The wonder in itself that I onUhardly slabs tot my critical judgment, To my » performance was simply magnifi j oonccption or the character of Mm* JShakspeAre's own, tree to (be text «a by the Interpretation* of the com \---ore who vex one to the soul by their anxious exhibitions of their ownBeU-sumoient subtlety, Apt content with the grandeur and theimifjy of Shakapeare's genius. seek to1 l«d Ms every phrase and'' point" jrtthimore meanings tram they oancart^, and frequently withmeanings that contradict each other. The, wise «n aoSne is very fine, indeed, jtnd the Bucoeaeion of tableaux in excellent teste. I fciver saw anything in the way of soefaeiy S solemn anaeffective as the great hat Macheth'e castle at Inverness, with it* aoeurate, heavy architecture. Its gall through which Lady Macbeth grata al _, to the staircase^ and out oh which the drunken porter staggers when the tre mendous knocking at thd gate frightens away tbe.blood-atagnSd murderer and his tigress wife. The wild heath and the aoene of the incantation are also exceedingly fine, and the castle of Dunsinane ia a triumph of seen* painting. It ia in flat; in fact, It is merely a crovss curtain, but the illusion of stn land maaaiveneaa ia perfect. Theoretic that while Mr. Ir ring's conception .of be this very fine, his execation falls short of his ideal, and perhaps they are right; but I think any human being's execation most Jail Bhort of such an ideal as Shakspeare's Mac beth, and Mr. Irving's is that His voioe is not equal to the demands upon it, thongh it is much improved intone, and he has die carded many mannerisms of pronunciation, but he never looked so well in any character. - His extraordinary power of facialexpreeaion is of infinite service to him in this instance; . and as his dress is, in all its variety, ex tremely becoming, and he wears a slight dark moustache, he is a most captivating mur derer, tyrant, and haunted man to gehold; indeed, the picturesque beauty of his face,' especially when his black eyes light up into the absolute blaze of fory with which they are aflame in the deadly fight with Macduff, dividesone's attention with its ghost-haunted, anguish-stricken horror. I heard some funny comments among the gallery crowd, at the doors. "Ain't he lovely!" a young person asked her presumably " attentive com panion, who replied gruffly, "Depends oh wot you call lovely. He looks as if hie wouldn't think nothing of a dozen White chapel jobs "-an allusion to the murder under investigation just now, which, how ever rough and startling, was a very em art testimony to the truth of Mr. Irvingfe portraiture of crime, and a compliment though a queer one. Every one was sorry to' miss the once familiar face of "the old Colonel," as London people called the lata Mr.Bateman;" PapaBateman," BJaLeF*garo called him in its funny, impertinent articles upon " Hamlet," which it did not in the tost understand; and every one was glad-to welcome his eldest daughter, Mrs. Crowe, who is remarkably like him, backtothsataes again. Her performance of " Lady Macbeth" is, X believe, a complete departure from the old traditions; she is not like Mra. Siddons or anybody else in it; she is very quiet, in tense, ana powerful. In the sleep-walking scene ebe made a deep impression on the audience, and though I am told by that she fails to " play up to " Mr. Irving tnths soene of their meeting before Duncan's , arrival, I fail to perceive her failure, after 1 watching every word, look, and gesture of the two closely, on two occasions. A die tin Soished literary man, who is a well-known ! hskspearun scholar; was sitting by me, on I the second evening, and lie repeatedly ' commended Miss Bateman's aetibriad 'her 1 Heading," and told me that he considered i the performance equal to her Medea, which < waa rated very highly indeed by all scholar^. critics when ate played it here.- The eubor- " dinate characters are, as usual, very ill ans tained. I suppose it is impossible for the, most energetic and pttfant ewu^gi to get < together a company of actota who have aB ! some little knowledge oftheir art, some little power of delivering a few lines of verae oor. t ivctly, and a small amount of capacity for ; Mizing upon the natural view of any Ms>ta4 oon. At least one must oonelude that such is the case, because the "management "at the Lyceum is notorious^-anxious to werUrt the brt representation of its plus that be Sfihiwoi and "Macheth"is j be prodnoed under Mr. Henry Ii .operintendenoe. These are oondit wWAonswouhlnatwsllylookforwMWii MMstUwyastUs; but what does one find! I « beetanawer my own question in the woris of atotter whin I have jast veesivtod frqman eminent oiAtfcof dramatic att. i»hp is Massif a snooessfid dramatist :-*» Did #oi £2*^ * ooothing, ranting, soitoainj ing aett _Did yoa svar Itear TWSS so ~ tosd and nuuigled? H* ths world ptodaosd such, an unsfmpatbstio^i t How-do yda like i' coto teroed into agfaualng Idiot, aifllw. with adooraat round hie facer It Is atti, «ras,and-"pity^fs^tistrt*" '? . ?? tli, and 100ft, in width, Hm, again, Mrlatge ni8ffni eoefttre proiEeiSde i 8ft wider than that at the Crystid Palaoe. ~ the c*ntre o! tliU hfm iriil b* th« " orchestra, and pa the {Mme Bide the ing rooms. At the west end will the concert r6om. which, with its leries and ground fepace, will hold 2,000 persons. «The nallwill be used fo!r dramatic jentertainmente, <, lectures, convcr jUzioml&^A bdjia^al^snM^^ tram will are to be used 1or fine art purposes, aiid .a few Mails for the sals of special articles will bepennlttod. The building will be com posed ^tred.brick, with .stone. facints, and' this prospective description-which I, con-; dense irom the official proftratnnie-*is the ad mission ofthe shoppy element; Thosestslls' "lot 4he aaleef apodal fettftle^ Will inevi£; ably communicate a bazaar-like appeanuoe to the whole plaae. and it would hive been' sufficiently difficult without thatto keep bin the restaurant and casino looktow toenail; suoh pUoeft, meant to oombine rorthetic pursuits with creature oomfort, seem doomed and dedicated by the "contrariety of. Cat*. Itmay tfcm out well, however, in spite of the shops, and it is at least certain that London doee need a huge place where people' may congregate to amuse themselves moder ! ately-eating and drinking of coarse included -under a weather-tight roof. The Aquarium' is a company (limited), and the list of director!! Is a long and motley one. Noble men, artists, lawyers, actors, authors, mer chants, officers in the amy, and the general public have entered into the scheme, and Mr. Arthur Sblliv&n; is to " assume the sole musical responsibility," which means, I suppose, that he is to compose music for us, to be performed at Aquarium. The publishers' fists for the winter season are now out, and every bne has the oppor tunity of making up nis or her mind about what is to be tead, or avoided, during the dark days, when' one can "get through so many books," as the young ladies whose potion of reading is skimming a oouple of novels a day. 'Among the announcements are several which are of very great interest, and the quality of our winter store of food lor the mind this year is almost on a par with its unusual quantity; history, travels, biography, and belies lettrea are plentiinlly re presented-; a new poem by Mr. Browning, and a new novel by George Eliott are among theehief pleasures in store for us. Io thi meantime, we are in the actual enjoyment of Miss lngelow'g Fated (6 be free. This is the gifted poetess's second novel, and in several respects it is superior to the first, Off the Skcuifit some of the personages of which cheering book we find again in the pages of its successor. The interest of the stow Is finely sustained, the style is beau tiful, and the pages of the book are thiokly set with gems worthy to bays come out out of (be Storehouse of purs poetry whence came "Divided" "Songs of Seven,** The High Tide at EpderbyT" and many other jewels which I cannot enumerate, but which jour readers will readily call to mind. 