dent to irrigate and make fertile the most arid desert The early history of railways affords one of the best illustrations of oar meaning. They were opposed by corporate bodies and by private individuals. The dangers were magnified, and visions were indulged in of the wholesale slaughter of life -which would follow upon their introduction. A noticeable feature of some of the older lines of railway in England is that they pass at a distance of a few miles from some of the larger corporate towns which lie in the direct rcrate between their termini. The explana tion is that in these instances the cold- water poolers were successful in their opposition. 'We have no doubt if the files of the local papers were searched, it would be found that the worthy citizens received the hearty thanks of their neighbours for saving their town ficm utter ruin and annihilation, it is true that their descendants have had to pay dear for their success, as is always sure to be the case when a victory is achieved by the cold water party. Great, however, as was the opposition offered to the introduction of sttam for the purpose of land carriage, we can ^nite imagine that its introduction for the pur . pose of water carriage would be encountered fey yet more cogent arguments. Had it no been found that in different parts of the ocean there were prevailing winds so regular that they were called trade winds, which were evidently intended not only to facilitate the progress of sailing ships but also to point out the routes which they should take? Was it nob monstrous that when such a power had been provided by Nature itself men should talk of devising a power which would enable them to go in direct opposition to it? Could any good arrive from such a new-fangled notion ? We are not aware that the names of the cap tain and crew of the first steamship have been preserved in history. They certainly ought to have been. The cold-water poarers have seldom had a finer opportunity of in dulging in their favourite pursuit than when that steamship left the harbour. It matters little that the application of steam for pur poees of land and water carriage his proved to be one of the most useful of modern inventions. The lineal descendants of the cold-water party are by no means discouraged; nor do they find it necessary to stand idle in the market-places. like the fire brigade they have their machinery always ready, and unlike it they always find some fires upon which to make their hose play. All attempted innovations in the realms of speculation or of social customs furnish abun dant scope for the exercise of their akilL The reason why so many absurd customs last as long as they do is that men do not look them tairly in the face. They look at the public opinion about them or at the incon venient results which may follow upon their abolition, instead of looking at the customs themselves. And if we may be pardoned for working our figure to death, the reason why they do not look npon them is that they have bo much cold water poured in their faces that it is impossible for them to see clearly. Every one knowB how diffi cult it ia to look at an object when he is walking against a violent storm of wind and rain. Just so while the cold-water pourers are playing their hose npon us it is difficult for us to look fairly at any custom and to form a just decision about it. In these days —at least among the more civilized portion of the English-speaking races — the duel has gone ont of fashion. We wonder how it could ever have been thought by intelligent men that questions of honour could be satis factorily settled in such a way. The fact is they did not look the custom fairly in the face. If they talked of resisting it, they were told of the decay of honour and courage and virtue which would infallibly ensue if the duel were to go out of fashion. Yet there is one practice still continued — that of settling national differences by force of arms — which rests npon co more satisfactory basis than the dneL So soon as men can look at the ques tion fairly and push the cold-water party aside, war will vanish from civilized national life as surely as the duel has vanished from civilized private fife. Cold water is largely used, not only in public life but also in private life. If a pleasure-party is contemplated there is sure to be at least one of the party who will make it his special business to keep down the enthusiasm of the rest. The day is cer tain to be unfavourable, or the horses may bolt On the last occasion of a similar party the driver was intoxicated and one of the children was killed. That happened, too, on the very same day of the week on which the proposed party is to be held. And just as the advent of one sullen gloomy face into a room ia sufficient to check the flow of con versation and arrest the merry laugh, so it is in the power of the cold-water poorer to mar the pleasures of all who are unfortunate enough to be associated with Hm, Sometimes parents and elder brothers and sisters indulge in the practice of pouring cold water upon the younger members of the family. Forgetting the characteristic* of their own childhood, and thinking apparently that their age is the standard by which every one is to be judged, they do not encourage and can barely tolerate the light hearted mirth and (judged by the harsh stan dards of utilitarianism) the useless expenditure of labour in which the juveniles indulge. One would hardly be surprised to find such people grumbling at the waste of time and fuel while the engine is getting up steam for its journey. There can be no more miserable household than that in which the cold- water pourer is in the ascendant. He is an intolerable nuisance, and the cause of many a pang of suffering which leaves it3 traces to the close of life. The most vicious and hateful form of cold-water-pouring is that indulged in by those who cultivate the nil admirari spirit We are not very fond of excessive gushing, but a tendency to gush is at least natural to some, whereas the nil admirari spirit is always unnatural and assumed, and he who adopts it stamps him self as the Mephistophiles of society. The causes of cold-water-pouring are mani fold. Some indulge in it out of pure spite and ill-wilL They are envious of the success of others. In other cases the cause is fear. Some men are afraid of every innovation upon established custom. Their knowledge of history does not go back much farther than their own lives, nor is it much wider that the field of their own experience and ob servation. By no chance does it go beyond the memory ef the oldest inhabitant. Hence what is in fact very new seems to them to be very old, and they are honestly afraid of the awful consequences which will follow if any innovation is attempted. Ardent reformers are apt to treat this feeling too harshly. We have no doubt that there are many instances in which most useful and desirable reforms have broken the hearts of ignorant and honest but timid people, who have found their efforts to throw cold water upon the reform to be unavailing. A frequent cause of cold-water-pouring is, however, laziness. It is much easier to stick to old habits than to form new ones. It is much easier to throw cold water npon a new scheme than to try to make it successful. But whatever may be the cause, the practice is a most foolish one. Age alway3 brings its own discouragements fast enough. We very aoon reach that period of life up to which the vital force and energy increase, and from which the human furnace continues to give less and less heat until at last it dies oat and Jcayes nothing but the cold grey ashes. Work as hard as we can and a* honestly m we can it is difficult to crowd into life all that needs to be accomplished. It is sad to think how many lives have been embittered and how much rougher the pathway of life has been made for many by the persistent opposition they have encountered in their endeavours to benefit their fellows. Mean while it is the wisdom of every true man to heed the cold-water brigade as little as pos sible, and whatsoever he finds to do to do it with his might In spite of all the cold water in the world true work will not be without its reward. Detebiobatiou or the Draha. — Possibly in the present state of matters theatrical in Australia it is too much to expect that the standard English drama, or even high-clan modern plays, should be often produced in our theatres ; but it is not unreasonable to ask that the productions which are pre sented, if not of an elevating character, shall at least not have a directly opposite tendency. Those who have the management of theatrical affairs will probably say that the whole question is in the hands of the public, and that they who as caterers for the plea sures of the million must present what will please the majority of their patrons or perform to empty benches. Any one who examines the case impartially must own that there is something to bv said on this side of the subject In the present matter of -fact lack-leisure age the bent of popular favour is plainly towards such amusements as afford a thorough and entire relaxation from the work and worry of daily life and require little or no thought for their enjoyment. That this is the case is shown by the immense increase of the concert hall class of entertainment in the United Kingdom, and the description of piece which draws with most certainty even at the regular theatres, such as the sensation drama, the lightest of comedy, the broadest of farce, and the wildest and most whimsical extravaganza with unlimited spectacular effects. If the public demand this sort of thing we suppose they must have it, provided there be nothing absolutely immoral therein. Managers can scarcely be expected to lead public taste. Yet it is only fair to British playgoers to say that when such artists ss Henry Irving, Barry Sullivan, and Signor Salvini present the plays of the king of dramatists, whose name is sometimes said to spell bankruptcy on the modern stage, the enthusiastic reception they meet with proves the fallacy of the statement that the highest histrionic art is altogether dead. There ia, however, a description of play for which it would be hard to find a single excuse. We refer to the class typified by ' Jack Sheppard' and 'Dick Turpin,' which make heroes of scoundrels, and pre sent the worst phases of human character aad motive with factitious palliations if not in a positively fascinating light. They draw no useful moral and inculcate no lesson, except it be that a vicious life ia, on the whole, not an undesirable one, and though possibly short may be exceedingly merry. It is upon the minds of the young that such pernicious teachings will have the most in jurious effect ; and whatever the province of our colonial stage may be — whether it aims to educate or merely to amuse — certainly no ex cuse can be offered for presenting anything thereon which tends to the direct encourage mentof vice and crime. Weshallhavethecon currence of all the lovers of the drama in condemning without mercy such meretricious plays as those mentioned, which are, we believe, prohibited by law in England, as they are certainly discountenanced by the voice of a healthy public opinion. Merchant Shipping Legislation.— Peace has been re-established between Mr. Plimsoll and the House of Commons. The impetuous member has proffered an apology for the extravagant censure passed by him upon certain of his Parliamentary colleagues, and has thus made satisfactory amends for the outrage done to the dignity of the House. Thi3 act of submission to established authority and the rules of debate is no more than was to have been expected after the intimation received some two or three days ago that the Government had introduced a temporary but thorough-going measure to replace the Merchant Shipping Amendment Bill. Indeed it would have been nothing but puerile obstinacy for Mr. Plimsoll to have refused, under the circumstances, to retract the offensive epithets made use of in the first heat of his virtuous and pardonable indigna tion at the extraordinarily vacillating action of the Government Having secured the substance it would have been, to say the least of it, Quixotic on his part to have insisted upon being made a martyr of on account of a form of expression in which be was transparently in the wrong. It may be assumed, however, that his protest has had much to do in bringing to bear npon the Premier that pressure of public opinion which has forced him to abandon the idea of going into recess without legislating in the interests of those who are placed by unprincipled shipowners in extreme peril of their lives. Beading to-day's telegrams in connection with the one to which we have alluded, it would seem a* if Mr. Plimsoll had been bribed into apolo gizing for bis hasty remarks. In any case he may congratulate himself upon having got the best of the contest, and in his felicita tions the public at large will most heartily unite. ^^^^^^^^^^^^ Month's Gosfel Mksiox. — In pursuance of a resolution agreed to by the Evangelical Alliance, the Committee of that body have arranged to hold, during August, a series of daily religious meetings in the city and suburbs. The special objects aimed at are ' to bring good tidings of God; to publish peace and salvation; to preach repentance and the remission of sins.' A pre liminary meeting, held on 8atur-lay evening, July 31, at the Stow Lecture Hall, was wall attended by members and others interested^ in the work. Detail in connection with carrying out the object were discussed and plans adopted. A pampklet, setting forth the objects aimed at, and containing a brief exhortatory address and a selection of favourite hymns, had been left at numerous bouses in ditferent quarters, and it is intended to distribute them from house to house throughout the city and suburbs. On Sunday afternooD, August 1st, the Mission was inaugurated by a service in the Town Hall. A larger attendance in the building has probably seldom been seen. Every Fe»t in the body of the Hall was occupied, and many persons took positions in the erallery. Upon the platform there were the Revs. W. P. Wells, who con ducted the service, C. B. Symes, B.A., J. Hall, and H. T. Burgess. Led by a harmonium, at which Miss McNicol presided, and a choir of male voices, the large congregation sang Bever&l; bymns. The Rev. Mr. Wells delivered an address on the words— 'How shall we escape if we neglect so great salvation.' — Heb. ii. 3 (part). His exposition, which was vigorous, terse, and practical, was heard with close atten tion — a marked earnestness pervading the assembly. The service lasted about an hour and a half, but it ia understood that on ordinary occasions proceedings will net exceed an hoar in duration. After the usual midday prayer maet itg in the Pirie-street Church, a public meeting will, this evening, take place in tha Town Hall, the Rev. J. L. Parsons, the Chairman of the Alliance, presiding. Thb Claud Hamilton.— By a telegram re ceived from Mr. A. Gore, we leam that the Claud Hamilton wat at Newcastle on Friday, Jub/ 30, and waa to start for Melbourne on Saturday. It was not expected that sha would arrive at Melbourne in tune ts catch next Tues dav's steamer for Adelaide. , Tei WoOBOOBA VaCAKCT.— A meeting of the electors in the district of Wooroor* w»» keld at the itiverton Institute on Friday eveLicg to he r Mr. John Darling expound his views as a candi date for the representation of the district, ren dered vacant owiiig to the retirement taioogh ill cots of Mr. James Pearoe. A proposition wu unanimously carried in favour of Mr. Darling. A report will be found in ether columns. The Pourr Pikbci Mission.— The Wallaroo papers state that at a Committee meeting of the Yorke's Peninsula Aborigines Mission Society, held on July 28, at Moonta, Mr. BL R. Han cock in the chair, it waa decided that about five tons of fencing wire should be purchased for the purpose of enclosing the land granted for mis aon purposes. As it was estimated that 11 tons would be required a resolution was armed at I that the friends of the mission should be written ? to and asked to contribute towards the cecemary cost. The Secretary was also in»tructed to write to the Government asking that a clause giving power to grant a lease for the mission land should be inserted in the new Land Bill. Thk Mweodist Siw Ccwhexion. -On Sunday morning the Rev. C. Iinley informel bis congregation that the Rev. J. 8 irks, of London, had been selected by the Mission iry Committee for the pastoral charge of Franklin stieet Churcb, and that it was expected Mr. Birks would sail by the Durham, which would bo due in Melbourne about the middle of September. Mr. Iinley stated that the chango was made in consequence of the pressing representations which he thought it his duty to make about a year ago to the Connexional authorities respecting his state of health. He congratulated the Church on the fact that the gentleman appointed to be his sucoessur was an efficient minister, and would come to them (D.V.) in the fulness of health and strength and with an earnest desire to devote himself entirely to his work. Sigxoba Coy's Coscebts.— The brilliant as semblage at the sixth and fare wall concert at the Town Jdall on Saturday evening must have con vinced Signora Coy and her talented coadjutors that the people of Adelaide duly appreciate high-class music when it ia presented oy such artists as the company comprises. His Excel lency, Mrs. Mus grave, and suite were present, and the reserved chain wero thronged by a fashionable audience. The back seats wera fairly occupied, and the gallery was well filled. A splendid programme was presented, and from the opening to the finish the performances were a succession of triumphs. Signora Coy was in admirable voice. The cavatina ' Uno voce poco fa' (Barbiere), in which she first appeared, was encored, and the audience would not be satisfied without a repetition. In the aria 'Care nome,' from Bigoletto, the Signora again carried with her the sympathies of her audience, and at the close of the song she was greeted with a shower of bouquets. In response to long-continued applause she again appeared and bowed her acknowledgments, j Signora Magi shared laigely in the favours bestowed. Her singing in EuglLsh of the popular ballad ?'Comin' through the Rye' created quits : a furore, a repetition being imperatively de- j manded. Signori Coy, Dondi, and Bono were j in capital voice, and each had to respond to : encores. Signor Dondi's singing of the popular , song 'Bay of Biscay' in English especially j pleased the audience, and on his reappearance ; in response to vehement applause the delight of the audience found vent in cheers. The audience throughout were enthusiastic in their applause, and notwithstanding the liberality displayed in the arrangement of the programme they were j most exacting in their demands. The per- j formers, however, good- naturedly responded to j the majority of the calls. Mr. A. Landergan i conducted with marked ability. The concerts , have been a treat which rarely presents itself, , and it is a matter for regret that the scried has so soon closed. Foo^all.— A match was played on the ! Adelaide Football Grounds on Saturday after- ; noon between the Adelaide and Port Adelaide Clubs. There were 19 players on each side, and ; Messrs. H. Y. Sparks and W. Fletcher acted i respectively as Captains, and Messrs. Prideaux and G. Downs as Umpires. The Adelaideans i soon asserted their strength, and during the - greater part of the afternoon played well into their opponents' quarters. Three goals were gained in succession for the city players by J. Masters, T. Burgan, and H. Conigrave re spectively. In the last change of ends the Ports pl&yed; vigorously to secure a goal, and forcing the ball up to their opponents J. Kaon obtained i a free kick, and in an opportune moment cleverly , drove the ball through the goal. The game was stubbornly contested, and some capital play was exhibited on both sides, although a littlo confu- i sion was caused occasionally in consequence of the Adelaideans not being familiar with : the rules under which the match was played. - There was a large gathering of spectators, and i cocsiderablo interest was manifested in the game. On the same afterneon a match was played on the Kensington Park Oval between the Woodville and Kensington Clubs. The players numbered 10 on each side, and Messrs. j Terrell and Perry acted respectively as Captains. ; The ball was started at about 3 o'clock, and kept goitg till about 5.15, when the result waa four ; £oals for the Kensingtons and none for the Woodvilles. The goal- getters were— H. Sholl, J. : Hall, C. Hargraye, and Tardif. The match was i altogether one-sided, as it was evident from the first that the senior Club had by far the stronger \ team, and were in much better form than the : Woodville players, who, nevertheless played a plucky though losiig game. ; Thi New Cornwall. — Referring to thij ' mine tho Wallaroo Times of July 31 says:— 'Mr. C. L. Dubois was in Kadina this week, ! and on Tuesday work wu commenced at the . New Cornwall Mine. A furnace is being erected, ' Mr. Dubois having brought up two experienced men from Adelaide and engaged two others here. : The intention is to utilize all the large pile of . ore at grass, and further develop the mine by stoping and other work. 8hould this mine be ; successful it will be a great benefit to all con- I cerned in mining operations on the Peninsula.' Accidkkt at Gbekn'3 Plains.— The Wallaroo ; Times states : — 'An old and respected colonist, ' Mr. G. Clark, who has now for some years re- : sided at Green's Plains, was, in consequence of falling over a box in trying to throw a boy on hi3 ? horse, seriously injured. At first he thought nothing of it, but on July 30, being very bad, Dr. Robinson was called in, and ou bis advice i Mr. Clark was removed to K»din^, and is now I lying dangerously ill at the White Lion Hotel, j Wishing to see his three sons, who were working ? at the Broughton, Mr. Tremberth kindly under- j took to fetch them. He rode the well-known mare Fair Nell up to the Broughton Extension, i where the Clarkes wera working, a distance of i 70 miles, in about four and a half hours, and j back ajrain on a bay pony called Turpin in the i same time.' , Good Tbmplaby.— An entertainment will be j given this evening in the Pulteney- street school- ! room in connection with the Star of East Lodge. | Thb Moohta Jetty..— If Port Hughes should j be decided upon as tho site for the Moonta Jetty, says the Wallaroo Times, we should like to know, as we are supposed to bo blossod with j responsible government, who is responsible for wasting nearly £10,000 of the public money in the present useless jetty about which the peoplo of Moonta were so enthusiastic, and to which a ' road has been made at the public expense? If j this is the way that public money has been j muddled away elsewhere, and this seems to be beyond questien, there need be little wonder at j deficits and at increased taxation being required, ; The Whkat Tbade.— The Glaslyn and Loch j Lee, which recently sailed for Sydney, have i taken cargoes of cereals for transhipment at ; Sydney to home-bound vessels. ? Inquest.— An enquiry will be held to-day into the circumstances attending the death of ; Mrs. Bridget Cooke, who was severely bsirned about six weeks ago in Bone-plvje, off Grenfall- ; street, and died yesterday at the Hospital ' Race Entries.— We hope owners of raca- ? horses will not forget that Mr. Coates receives entries tc-day at his office up to 4 p.m. for the Spring Meeting of the Jockey Club, the St. ; Leger and Two-Year-0!d Stakes of next May, and the Derby of 1876-7. The conditions of the j Derby are very favourable, and it is hoped will j be the means of bringing forward a goodly j number of competitors. Nothing has to be paid I when the colt or filly is entered, and an own9r can withdraw his horse up to the day of general entry— for the 1876-7 Spring Meeting, wa pre sume—on payment of the £5 forfeit. ? Thb Tbeatbs.— ' Sof an Hopley, or the Vic's sftudesof a-Bexvant Girl,' and ' Dick Turpin,' were the highly-spiced dishm prepared for the pal-tie of the Saturday night's audience at th-3 Boyal 3 he first of these is, m mo it are aware, an old-feshioced, inteneely stupid, and impro bable melodrama, abounding in murders, rob beries, abductions, rescues, old manor-homes with trap doors, secret recesses, ghosts, blue fire, 4a, &c.; The principal personages are a pain fully good servant girl, with Daniel Webster at her finger ends, a gentlemanly villain, a black guardly ditto, a virtuous young miller, lover to the heroine, a comical butler, and a rather eccentric young costermonger. Miss Bower ing BUbtained the t6le of the servant girl, Susan Hopley; and had it been possible to make anything -f a character so obviously absurd would doubtless have succeeded in doing so. As it was she dressed appropriately and acted well. Mr. Towers was in his element as the love smitten purveyor of vegetables, and kept the house amused. Mr. Power also provoked laughter as the cowardly old butler. Messrs. Martin and Wolfe appeared as the wicked gentleman and his accomplice, and Mr. Osborne was rather stilted as the rustic lover The second piece appeared in the bills as ' Dick Turpin's Bide to York,' though why thus described it would ba difficult to say, seeing that the raacal-y cutthroat, as depicted in tho play, never leaves the village, which is supposed to be the nise en scent. The play is one of the same class aa ' Jaek Shep pard,' which was condemned in our notice of July 12. The whole action is objectionable, and the teaching impressed ou the youthful mind is that dishonesty is not only a rather pleasant and profitable, but absolutely a very merito rious mode of obtaining a livelihood. The sooner such performances on the public stage are entirely suppressed the better it will be for a considerable Fection of our rising community, who are likely to be enamoured of such perni cious precept and example, and who unfortu nately require no great incentive's to vicious habits. This evening a grand fairy extravaganza acd harlequinade of '' Cinderella and the Little Glass Slipper' is advertised, for which Mr. Towers announces that great preparations have been made. Shearing. — An animated scene was witnessed at the Burra on Friday, July 30, on the depar ture of two parties of shearers per three of Messrs. Jackson's coaches for Mount Gipps and Sturt Meadows Stations. The men, to the number cf about 50, arrived by the first train from town in charge cf Mr. W. R. Hunt. This is the first lot of shearera dispatched from Ade laide for the North-Bast this season. Jmh.gration Arrangements.— A late English paper says:— 'The British Ladies' Female Emigrant Socioty held its 27th annual meeting on April 14, at Lancaster Gate. Its objects ara to provide emigrant ships with qualified matrons to supervise the single women on board; to supply books and needlework, and in some cases to provide clothes and outfit Since its existence the Society's agents have visited 2,277 ships, bearing 565,180 emigrants. The Sev. J. Moorhouse, Prebendary of St. Paul's, was in the Chair, and Sir J. Ferguason, late Governor of New Zealasd, proposed the adoption of the report, and dwelt upon the claims the Society had to public sympathy at home and in tho colonies. Mr. Deering seconded the resolution. Letters were read from the Hon. Julius Vogel, announcing that the New Zealand Government will subscribe 100 guineas to the Society; and from Mr. Daintree, Agent- General for Queensland, doubling th« present subscription of £10 from tnat colony. The report states that the Society has 17 trained and permanent matrons on its list, and that for the ships sailing to New Zealand a matron ia selected from the emigrants on board. The Bishop of Melbourne moved a resolution in favour of trained and permanent matrons, and the Rev. Styleinan Herring, Clerkenwell, in seconding it, said that he had helped out nearly 4,000 of his poor people, ohiefly to Canada, but some recently to the Australian colonies, where New Zealand had so warmly taken up the subject of emigration. During a voyage which he himself made in an emigrant ship, he saw enough to convince him of the need for trained supervision, and he hoped it would be made part of the Government scheme that there should bo good and trained women in the position of matrons on board those ships. Mr. Shaw proposed a resolution expressing satisfac tion with the result* of the visits paid from ship to ship ; and the Rev. Mr. Gladstone, chaplain of the Thames Church Mission, seconded it, *ud in doing so bore testimony to tho popularity and success of the labours in that behalf of the secretary, Miss Tipple. Countess Grey, Lady Henry Fox Young, Lady Macarthur, 8ir William Hill, Mr. Kennaway, Mr. Andrews, were among those present. A collection was made towards covering the Society's deficit of £120 -in a modest expenditure of £512. Clothes, books, and work were also asked for. The Hon. Arthur Kinnaird is the Treasurer of the Society, and its central ofEce is at 23, Fitzroy-street, Fifczroy gquare.' [From Saturday's Evening Journal.] Alleged Pebjuby.— At the local Police Court, on Monday, July 26, Mr. Charles Bag land, baker, Mount Gambier, was charged with perjury, and the enquiry resulted in a committal to the Supreme Court. The alleged offence arose out of statements made by Mr. England to the Commissioner of Insolvency while going through the Insolvency Court a few weeks back. A Long Lost Vessel.— The Port MacDonnell correspondent of the Borda- Watch, under date July 27, writes:— 'It will be in the remem brance of many of the earlier inhabitants of Port MacDonnell the sailing of the Emu, Gobble, muter, 14 years ago, with a cargo of piles for Laoepede Bay. After leaving Port MacDonnell nothing more was ever beard or seen of her. Lately, however, Mr. Keogh, a resident near Lake Bcncey, has seen part of a vessel on the beach to the south of Bivoli Bay, with the name Emu painted on it. The piece of timber and painting is in good preservation. Aa nothing waa Been of the wreck at the time, it wu then supposed that the vessel had been driven to sea- and sunk. There is no doubt but that the pieoe of timber above referred to is part of the wreok of the missing Emu. Mr. Edmund Eager, the then Overseer of Works at this place, and others were intending passengers, but some unforeseen circumstance prevented their going, and they were providentially preserved.' Wharf Accommodation.— It would appear that even more needs to be done in the way of providing accommodation for vessels drawing 17 or 18 feet of water than has hitherto been accomplished at Port Adelaide. Tbe Stirling shire, now lying at Levi's Wharf, and loaded to a depth of 17 feet 4 inches, has been aground for two days. The chief officer has made two attempts to get her off at high water, but failed. His object was to get alongside the Company's Wharf in order to complete loading, which will bring her down another four inches. It cannot be beneficial to any vessel to lie aground, even in still water, for so long a time, especially as she must heel over considerably at low water. The proprietors of the wharf would do well to have some of the mud scooped away. The Legal Pbofession. — We understand that Mr. C. J. Dashwood, solicitor, who has been for some time managing clerk for Mr. W. H. Buudey, has bean admitted into partnership by that gentleman. The style of the nsw firm will be ' Bundey k Dashwood.' The Post-office Clock.— This long-expected and long-desired completion to oar handsome Poot-Oi£ce has arrived by the City of Shanghai from London. It is to be hoped that no time will be lost in setting the dock, in the tower. Stjdden Death.— The South- Eastern Watch reports the sudden death of Mr. John Spain, farmer, which took place on Monday, July 26 :— 'Mr. Spain was engaged sowing peas, and having run shcrtof the quantity necessary to complete the sowing, he returned to the houre tc get one of his children to 50 to Mr. W. Donglas's for more seed. The decoas«d got the money for the peas and laid it on the table ; he then pulled off hi3 coat, and was in the act of hanging it on a nail when he fell lifeless on tho floor— never moving after. Ho had been suffer irg from disease of the heart for about twelve mouths, and this was the cause of his daath. Mr, Spain was an old colonist, having arrived in Melbourne in_ 1841. In 1845 he ca'tne into the Mount Gambier District, and was employed on several of tho neighbouring stoap stations till the Jand was opened for farmers, when he took up the section where he has resided ever sines. He was 66 years of age, and leaves behind him a/ family of nine children.' THE COLD-WATER BRIGADB. Most actions may be ranged under -one of two heads — the endeavour to do some honest and true work, or the attempt to throw cold water uron the laudable efforts of others.' Diaraeh's definition of critics as 'those who have failed in literature and ait' is certainly far too sweeping. But criticism has too often in every age taken the form of mere fault-finding; and the most inveterate fault finders are, without question, those who have failed in the purpose of their life^ They find a Hort of morbid pleasure in- '? throwing cold watar upon the efforts of- * their neighbours. S'uce they cannot forca themselves up to the standard of others they seek to diminish the distance hy. trying to bring othen down to their own level. The practice of pouring cold water down another's back is not, however, con fined to the inveterate critic. All men, ever* those of the most radical tendencies, have a vein of conservatism in their constitution.' They draw the line comewhere. Though for the most part they are ardent enthusiasts',' they vindicate their claim to respectability by wearing a very narrow phylactery o£ cynicism, and by occasionally joining tha ranks of that great party, venerable for its antiquity, whose special delight it 13 to throw discouragement in the way of all enterprise. They drive down the Bteepeflfr hills at a furious gallop, and they put tha .' break on in those places where the most , cautious and timid driver would * scarcely , , think it necessary. . . - We remember to have seen a picture' some years since of the man who first used ' an umbrella. Without the aid of the artist ? - - we can imagine the surprise and indignation with which such an innovation would be received. It waa clearly flying in the face) of Providence, and a direct attempt to cast indignity upon one of Nature's laws. Un happily discoveries and inventions of a much more useful and beneficent character than,, that of the umbrella have had to encounter similar opposition. 1 he tons of cold watetf/ ;'' which were poured upon some 'of our'cotnf« ~ ' paratively, modern inventions would be Buffiv' . - 