GUILTY'OB Wt M3LTXV i fBx the AtfTHon of 'BbeachOf Ri$jaiBB/;&c.J; I Among the spectators, andvaifiiy; ij.atterlng themselves that they were incog., wereiaiieu well k ow in the fashi jnable ?wpildi-armldwitli opera- glasses. Qaietly dressed and - clos«!y veiled,' liacly Bockdpine and her daughter, Lady Ida, might have been detected among these lovers of a sensa'ion drama. But it was not merely curiosity that led Lady Roekalpine to that Court. She was very vindictive ; she owed Arthnr Bertram a bitter grudge, notonl.y for winning Edith's yonng heart, bat for tbe part she believed he had taken in depriving her and her family of the alliance sbejiad so ar dently coveted—that ofthe young Jfarqajs of DuBBtanburgh. Lady Boetalpine had'written to Mrs. Croft when first she left her daughter in that lady's care, desiring her on no account to allowany information connected with Arthur Bertram and the proceedings against him to be conveyed to Lady Edi'.u. Ms far as 1 can jodgo,' said her ladyship to Mrs. Croft (by letter). ?? Lady Edith haa ceased to interest herself in the fete of that most guilty and unhappy man. i do not think she knows .or has tried to ascertain tbe result of the coro ner's inquest. She is a stranpe girl, and 1 have sometimes thought that the fall which, in her childhood, threatened to make ber a cripple, may in some way have effected ber brain. Let the name of the wretched prisoner never be mentioned in ber presence ; keep all newspapers carefully awayrrom ier; and it sne snouia ever make any enquiry aa to the fate of the young ruffian, tell her his friends have got him ont of tbe way. and that be is eiyojing himself in Paris or Brussels, or;where yon will j and do not on any account give her any idea that he is in prison, or to he tried for his life. To snch romantic girls as Lady Edith, a culprit -*? like Bertram becomes a. beroasda martyr; and looking upon him in that light, there is no excess—no madness— of which she would not be guilty! If she thinks him safe and happy, she trill soon forget all about him, and, I hope, accept a certain yonn^ dyke, -who saw her in Paris, and who no* 'only admired her, but arderitly. desires to be allied (by marrying my daughter) to me.' Mrs. Croft had answered his letter m'tho meaneBt ana most aujecc styie, promising, everything her ladyship required; and Lady Rockalpme then troubled herself do hi ire about the matter. 8he was very anxious that Arthur Bertram should be found gailty ; and if a something, inseparable from woman's natire, .made her prefer that be should not be banged, the best she wished him was that a plea of insanity should be set up, and that he sboDld be confined as a criminal lunatic daring her Majesty's plea sure—namely, for the term --of his natural life. Lord Roeialpise had taken, in secret, an intense interest in every detail connected with' Arthur Bertram's trial, and at one time he bad resolved to be present j but bis courage failed him wben the time came, and when Lady Rock alpine sent to propose that tbey shonid drive to the Central Criminal Court together. My Lord was nowhere to be found ! HU absence was the result of a long and ghastly conflict with his own tormented spirit. He wanted— nay, he burned to know exactly what passed, what transpired, at this trial. How could he teV- but that the train of circum stances might drag him in some way before, the public, as connected indirectly with this murder F In all webs, whether woven by the Fatal Sisters, and called the web of life, or those., delicate silken meshes that seem to grow beneath the fingers of fair ladies, a touch will unravel what it has taken a longtime to weave. Conscience whispered in the terrified, anxiouB ear of Lord Bockalpine, that at' any moment the web he had woven so carefully might be unravelled, and be stand bare, exposed, dis graced, anddefenceless before the world which had so loDg been at bis feet, worshipping in him the great moral reformer; who had so greatly improved the discipline of our ptisons, established reformatories, formed ragged schools, and realized what many had long deemed impossible— a liberal canservatism. Alas 1 alas i the pillory of public opinion is at all times a terrible one 1 What must it be, then, to him who, for five and twenty years has occupied a shrine placed on the highest pin naoie of popular esteem, and be worshipped as an idqlP ' No -w-nder Lord Rockalpise, when the awful time drew near, shrank from the dangers whicb, to his excited fancy and deeply- wounded conscience, seemed almost like his own trial for WiiiFUL MuRDER—a trial which be had evaded and averted for five and twenty years, but which be had gone through more than a thousand times by day and by night ia hie midnight vision, on his feverish couch; tbat couch, with its velvet hangings, surmounted by a coronet, and its' gilded griffins rampant forming; the supporters. Yes,, he bad gone through that trial while the bnBy world slept He had seen the Court— ibe Judge — the He had heard the. verdict, Gtjiltt ! He had heard tbe Sentence, and sank* back insensible at the long-deferred doom ! And even in his grand office at Whitehall, with the noon-day sun shining brightly on bis despatch boxes, hie official grandeur, and his mysteriouslook ing prirate secretary, he had gone through every harrowing detail of the trial, which, ever since the fatal day when ' the deed that damns eternally was done,' he ingenious in self torture, had acted over and over again to himself, at the crowded levee and the O-urt ball, as by the lonely sea-beat haants of Bockalpine, or in the green solitudeB of Armstrong Park, or. waDdcr ing alone by moonlight amid tbe ruins oC Borne, or gliding like a ghost amid tbe forests of Baden%aden, .. while lady Roekalpine, armed with a card and a pin, waB seated at the tables of tbe misnamed * conversation saloon,' since a deadly silence, the silence of impending doom, prevailed there. Guilty and .miserable wretch that he was J He had no aoonenstar'ted by expf e?s f r.-u place eta considerable distance, from the scene' of trial, than he repented having left London and conjured tip a thousand terrors and 'chimeras dire.' Among others, he was haunted -by ihe thought that ni8 absence from1 the trial of the supposed- marderer of bis noble iriend and nearest neighbour, the Mai-qajs of DuDstas burgh, would excite suspioidn,- appear strange and unnatural, and lead to those remarks and surmises which be so dreaded. However, it was too late. Be could not xe -turn in time for the trial, had he wished it. While the preliminary formula were being gone through, the fratricide was hurriedly slipping out of the express at M ? , his bat drawn down, and-, his coat collar pulied_ up ; best nnly«n escaping unnoticed, and on aiding himself among thb wild flinty rocks, and wish ing tbat the petrifying waters by which he roamed could extend ibheir power to him, and turn to stone the wildly-beating heart, where Terror, and Remorse had held their empire for I fire and twenty years. j Chapter LXU. ! For who, to dull fonjetf nlness a prey, :: j \- This pleasing, anxious being e'erresigued— , Left ihe warm precinots of the cheerful day, { Nor cast one longing, lingering look behind? ? ? ?? ? eEAt. It is a dreadful thing to see any human b°.hig tried for Wilful Murder, the basest ruffian, whose oft-repeated deeds of blood and crime are proved beyond a doubt-, and for wbom, in ynigar parlance, 'hangipg is too good,' yet excites a thrilling, interest in all who think seriously what life «nd death really are, when Mwiting #fc -verdict that may doom 'nun f« iriaaen ana yiple-t death. -.uooui-?lm toa #fi'?ihe,vil'«? culprit ever tried for W;i m Murder does, in spite of bis low brow ht Jratel mouth, his small, porciae eyes, arTd hi S)Ull neck, yet inspire aecrt cf interest wW must have:.beeu ieh £,p Arthur Bem-am, biZ he was led into Court by two policemem aS placed at tbe dock? And- Xt mmi& who had ever known Arthur Bertram havefru when the sun shone full ^nbis pale brow hi. hollow eyes, his thin cheek, and his Botw ''te^ywafinemeiit, aistrets, and an%etZ about Edith and ihe result of his trial j- Direcily Arthur Benram appeared, all evil impressions vanished about him. Tbes nai been excited by the savage portraits which had been sold by tens of thousands, heading nZ most absnrd and imposribleiife and adverftures of one whom the street authors designate aB 'Bertiam, the Bold Bafctard.' thuscalliDeb 'apt alliterations artful aid' to tbe embellish ment of their broad sheets. . There was a sublime expression of hope faith resignation upon Arthur Bertram's pale noble and earnest face. The thick claetereof closelj crrfling dark-brown hair waved above a maible brow of power and intelligence. In his large deep-«et eyes there was a bright calm and a gentle daring. A pale rose tint on bis thin cheeks deepened into a enmeon flush as the buzz of surprise and approbation at his appear ance went throughtbe Conrt. And some were touched to the heart, and some women even wept, to see how wasted was the tall form bow thin and semi- transparent the hand he passed acroBS bis brow, how graceful in jj* dignified humility bis baw to the Judge and Jury, and how sweetly sad the smile with which he recognised Mr. -St. Ormond and several others of his friends and witnesses. 'Among the witnesses for the Crown, and certainly the most conspicuous, was Roger Croft, in his glossy jet black ? Prince of 'Walk' and his green velvet sacque {or very locBe pale tot), with gilt battens; the hideous* coat in short, which a eetvile tailor hadjrjatneo' the ' Croft,' after him. Lord Hauteville, with ids bleared, eye, his pale and yet bloated face, was by Boger Croft's side; and the two' were actually betting— and tbat very heavily— on tbe trial. Marion, Lady Hauteville, gorgeously dressed, and looking very handsome, haa been driven to the spot by Roger Crof r, whi;se showy equipage had attracted as much notice a* that of the Lord Mayor of. London might bare done. In spite of an assumed air of independent and swagger, and in spite of a borrowed bloom, there was a ghastly hue spread over Woger Croft's vulgar face ; and all the blaster of his manner could not conceal the a^pea-like tremor that shook his frame. Hoger Croft was no voluntary witnfsi at that dread trial, Be had suffered ensughat tbe inquest on tho young Marquis to make him dread and shun all public examinations and investigations ; but he had been .eubpeeoaea, and, much as he dreaded to be present, he jet dared not to absent himself. ... Lord Hauteville, looking very pale and bloitea, dressed in a slovenly style, unshorn, bis hair dull and matted, and in his eye the dulness, and in his whole person .tbe neglect, that characterize the drunkard, had^etTOnsed himself— or rather, caused fcimBelf ItbierouBed —from tbe heavy sleep of intemperaEae, ia order that he, too, might be -present «t a trial on which he had some heavy bete; and in which bis low associates took a lively inlferest an such men always do in case of innj-der,^ any other capital offence. - ? - After Arthur Bertram had made his appear ance and been placed in the dtck.wbere, on account of recent illness, he was acepmbaated with a seat, a change came over, tbe expresBioi of every face, from 'tbe pale, ..clear, earliest countenance of the Judge on the bench, to the twelve thoughtful, armons visages in the jury box; and even the Counsel for the Crown and his junior, with their rather bpilyibgeKpresBson the barristers present out of curiosity, and the spectators who had assembled as if to witness a play— all found a 'change come o'er tofr spirit of their dream* when for the first time, all their conceptions of tbe notorious ruffian,, tbe savage murderer, 'Bertram, tbe Bold Bastaidi were pnt to flight by tbe appearance in tbe dock of the beau .ideal of an English gentleman, whose countenance expressed, at once nobility of soul, cultivation of miBd, ana goodness of heart, refined, softened, ..Bpjntna iised, as it were, by tbe confinement, tbe anxiety, tbe mental and bodily sufcripgs whifh had sharpened the tirm and flowjhg-^utline, hollowed the yeung cheek, traced Si deep violet shadow round those dark eyes to fall of light, and changed the tunny brown andglowingroie tints of youtb aud health, or the pale primrose that is the very Jivery of pain. As a stream of sunshine came in, and settling like a halo round tbat, noble head, lighted up that massive marble brow and those deep set eyes, tbe Judge's conntenance relaxed into a smile, the Jury breathed more freely— for it is a f eaiinl tbing to be compelled by conscience to find a fallow creature Guilty— and each. Juryman had decided in his own heart that tbe prisoner in the dock had never committed Wilful Mxra-DER. ' To Piueshbve Bains' Eggs. - For a cabinet, ' mate t medium feized hole |at the«harp end with a jointed instrument; having made the hole at the sharp end make one at ihe blent, and let' thiq&wb; iole be *« inwli as possible ; this done, ap^ly your snoutk to the .blnit end, and blow the contents through ihe ibarp end. If the yolk will not eomefreely^ run & pin ^-r wire up into the egg; and stir the jplk well about 4 sow get a cnp. 'ul of water, and, immersing tbesbarp jead of tbe dull into it, apply yonr month to the blunt end, end suet apsomeof the -water into the empty shell ;s then put your finger and thumb upon the two holes, shake ibe water well within, and, after this, blow it out. Tie ' water will dear your egg of any remains of yolk, orrf white, whieh may stay in after blowing.- If one suoV ' up of water will not inffipe, make a seoocd or third, Ane^g, immediately after it is produwa.i very cletr and fine; but by staying in the Best, and comioe in contact with the feet of the bird, it Boon »arame» ? dirty appearanoe. ToremeiJythU,,waBhitw»Uinw»P, --i and water, und use a bbil-bnuh to gel the din ofi. Your eeg-shellia now as it ought to fce, andnDthh« - reniaisi to he done but to prevent the thin white mem br»ne (which is still iorida) from oorrnptiiie; take ? wine glass and fill it with tbe solution of wrnrive sub lunate in alcohol, then immerse ihe sharp end cf tbe . ?gg-Bhellinto it, keeping your finger and thumb, «s you bold it, jnst dear of lie solntSon ; apply jour ; mouth to the litije hole at tho blunt end, and tuek up ' some of the solution into the shell ; you need sot be : fearful _of getting the liquor into 'your mouth, for, « ' aoon as it rises in the shell, the xold -will strike your ? finger aud thumb, and Mien you oeB«s*Soldng; shato ? the shell juBt as you did when the watfr was in it, end , then blow the solution bkekiato ihe glass. Yonr m~ - - shell is now beyoid ihe reach of corrnBtion :'the mem- ?; irane for ever -retains -its prtaine wijtenesa, *nd no -,; insect for the time to com« will*ver Venture to prey upon it. If yon wish your egg to 'appear extremely briliant, give it a coat of mastic varnish, put en very sparingly with a camel -hair peDoil; green or bine eggs mast be done with gam »rabio; the mastic yarnuh u apt to Injure the colour. A recipe for making »tick pomatum, perfumed. Tiia - pomade is generally composed of mntton epet but u sometimes made of hard body, to wblohpT Added in summer 1 oz. «raz for « very 1b. body. r fc*ra body -&- elso be used, but the proportion of wax must be in creased. In its preparation always melt the ieut i i u ible body first. In moulding, care must ce taken not I to run the pomade while too hot, as cavities will occur In the centre, rendering the sticks liable to break. To : perftune, ihe usual odors are, for lib. pomade, essence -; bergam»t, Uvender, thyme, orange peal, of «ach 1 1 drachm. Color with anoatto. ? ,_;?.;. The following is a reoipe for a waterproof cement : with whiob you join canvas. Flaoe in « wlie-montbea bottle a number of pieces of Bum rubber, and pour over ' thflm a quantity of. bisulphide of carbon. Close the bottle, and allow it to stand for some time, until tbe rubber has all gorrn into eolation ; then add to this nn equal quantity of a solntion of rosin (colophony), in spin's of turpentine. Allow to evaporate in the open a-r uu til of the desired consistence. To soften brushes which have become hard with paint. Place them in turpentine for a short time. 