Tennyson's " Queen Mary.' Is Saul also among the prophets ? Has Tennyson enrolled himself upon the list of dramatists who constitute the glory of our national litera- -ture ? And has he succeeded in establishing his claims to a patent of nobility, and to a seat in the intellectual House of Peers, of which Shakespeare is the Lord High President ? These are the questions which were very generally asked when it was first announced that the Poet Laureate was preparing a dramatic poem or a poetical drama. Most persons expected that "Queen Mary would prove to be the former. For Mr. Tennyson's chief strength has hitherto 1ain in picturesque narrative, and in the lyrical expression of delicate emotion. His writings are characterized by sweetness rather than strength. His and is more akin to that of the painter than to that of the sculptor. The one shows us the completed human figure, whether in action or repose , we can walk all round it, and study it on every side; while the other exhibits the surface of things, the play of color on them and the accidents of light and shade. Mr. Tennyson has constructed for us in his "Idylls of the King," his "Enoch Arden", and his "Holy Grail", a picture gallery as full of beautiful compositions as the "Faery Queene" of Spenser. The charm of the drawing and the splendor of the color line delighted all lovers of the picturesque in poetry; and some of the landscapes in "In Memoriam," enveloped in the soft haze of an English atmosphere, are simply exquisite. In 'The Princess" there were some hints of dramatic power, for the dialogue and the situations gave evidence of this; but nobody expected to find the author of these poems making, a sudden and successful diversion into a field in which he would have to measure his strength against such a formidable host of illustrious predecessors. This however, is what he has done. It would be wrong to speak of "Queen Mary" as a great work. We regarding rather is an essay, or trial at arms, much as we regard the earlier plays of Shakespeare here, with this important difference-that the Poet Laureate he has not applied himself to this form of composition until his powers were fully matured. The transition from "Locksley Hall" and the "Vision of Sin to "Queen Mary" has not been so rapid and abrupt as was the transition from the "Rape of Lucrece" and "Venus and Adonia" to "Pericles" and the "Comedy of Errors," And these two pi issue full of comedies, which are not discoverable in Mr. Tennyson's historical drama. So, too, while they disclosed the promise of still better things to come, there is also in "Queen Mary" the assurance of the possession, on the part of the part of the poet, of powers as yet but partially developed for Mr. Tennyson's mind is one of those which, like Cervantes, ripens late; and the last fruit of the vine may prove to be the richest it has borne. The crowned and wedded life of "Bloody Mary" is the subject of the drama which opens with her procession through the city, and closes with her miserable death. The dallying of the Princess Elizabeth with the Earl of Devon, the preaching of Father Bourne at Paul's Cross, the insurrection of the men of Kent under Wyatt the wilfulness of the Queen in the matter of her marriage with the odious Spaniard, the imprisionment of Elizabeth at Woodstock, the condemnation of Cranmer, and his martyrdom, the growing indifference of Philip to his wife, her anguish at continuing childless, her fanaticism, and her wretched end, combine to fill the play with incident and passion. It contains enough "bustle" to satisfy the in most impatient of audiences; and its variety, as well as its vivacity, ought to make it popular as an acted drama. The language is simple and natural to a fault, and monosyllabic to the very verge of baldness. Anything like redundancy of words is carefully avoided, and so is a Reaper flinty of ornament 'thousand phrase ology of Home of the Elizabethan di unionists, so frequently imitated by modern players lights, has been scrupulously eschewed by Mr Tennyson , and his preference for homely Saxon English is as conspicuously exhibited in " Queen Mary ' as it was in that noblest of elegiac poems, "In Memoriam," whole eighty-nine per cent of the words are Anglo Saxon vocables. And while upon this subject, we would call special attention to the preponderance of monosyllables in this drama, as a proof of the poets diligent study both of his master Shakespeare's writings, and of the Holy Scriptures. In these and in those, wherever powerful emotion has to be expressed, words of one syllable only are chiefly employed Take the death of King Lear, for example When the aged monarch gradually admits into his mind the awful conviction that his beloved daughter, the only anchor of his hope, the stay, support, and solace of his weary life, is irretrievably lost to him, a wail of terrible anguish rises to Heaven from his grieving lips; and, uttering these piteous accents, the heart-broken old man bows his head and dies - No, no, no life! Why should a dog, a horse, a rat, have life, And thou no breath at all? Thou'lt come no more Never, never, never, never, never! Pray you undo this button Thank you, sir; Do you see this? Look on her, - look, - her lips, - Look there, look there! And the film of death gathers over his dim eyes, as he points with infinite tenderness and yearning love to the stark body of his child. The impressive simplicity of this passage exhausts admiration ; and it well be observed that, of the forty-seven words which it contains - excluding repetitions - no less than forty-four are monosyllables. Now let us turn to the touching narrative of Joseph's interview with his brethren, as recorded in the Book of Genesis, and note how admirably the redundancy of monosyllables conduces to the solemn pathos of the story -" And when Joseph came home, they brought him the present which was in their hand into the house, and bowed themselves to the earth. And he asked them of their welfare, and said, is your father well? The old man of whom ye spake, is he yet alive? And they answered, thy servant, our father, is in good health. He is yet alive. And they bowed down their heads and made obeisance. And he lifted up his eyes, and saw his brother Benjamin, his mother's son, and said, is this your younger brother of whom ye spake unto me ? And he said, God be gracious unto thee my son. And Joseph made haste, for his bowels did yearn upon his brother, and he sought where to weep, and he entered into his chamber, and wept there Now, of the 138 words of which this passage is composed, 107, or upwards of three fourths, are words of one syllable and ne dwell upon this fact with all the greater emphasis, because the tendency of much of our current literature is towards polysyllabic utterance and inflated and artificial phraseology Against this treason to our noble mother tongue, Mr 'Tennyson silently protests by the very] structure of " Queen Mary ' Opening the book at random, we find eighty three words of dm logue on one page, the 110th, and seventy two of them monosyllables and the same simplicity of diction distinguishes the play throughout In character painting, the Poet Laureate effects his object by a fervid touches and Gardiner, Philip, Mary, Gummer, and the Cardinal pass before us as they lived The Protestant and patriotic sentiment is strong and active in Mr Terry souls mind. His sympathies are with Elisabeth and England, as ac, count the persecuting Queen and her Spanish husband and there are passages in the drama which are animated by the same spirit as the well known speech of King John to the Cardinal Randulph . Thou canst not Cardinal dm in a home so slight, unworthy, and ridiculous To the to me than any of its thunder Tell him till the and from the mouth of Fresh 1 Add that much more that no Italian priest Shall tithe or toll in our dominions. If Mary is the central figure of the drama, Cranmer is by far the noblest, in spite of his weaknesses, and the courage with which he * Queen Mary a Drama By Alfred Tennyson bon don. U S Kay; and Co 137' met death is admirably described by Mr Tenny- son The passed out smiling an l he walked upright His cure was like a soldier s whom the General He 1 Ktks to alia The II and u in his THEE Haunts! for iMiiiolmeknnnltiuw and to turn him Charge one against a th HMUIII and the man Hurls his soiled life against the lukis nil dies The narrative of it-, in any room, as told to Lord Howard by an hour a Catholic who would not misreported he, no, " not to gun Paradise," likewise deserves quotation It is as follows - you turn him holy prophet in health tread And the tr «,kw ask of the Spanish of the bull plied him with interest and represents Hut Cranmer as the 1 eli names at the helm Steere over h killed, both his) pay It nell White he still retaineth moved t > lilsdoatli And I could see that many silent hands Carrie from the el rail and not his own and Unit Whom we have! when MEn. Hitlluy during night Latimer, He with a ehttifill- nullo of one whose mind is dr Handicap in haste put out the rats that) had mock d his main with mid nil In white. His large white 1 uni ninth 11th 14 buyer shares Suite Iltni) death 1 unseeing to the chair, W Moran ith they be in 1 living in the st like he stood, Mr re like an Mitient declares the Church THE in heretic father mother and Mill the franc Phi 1 him but Cleaning i nil shook his lim 1, Or answer I then In intimate circles nil at lord Willi m s tree i ii -mr den to - II also short in its short 1 and s s they lit the if SKY IS n Cranmer life of his lift him 1 in health Vu 1 tin 1st inn right into the bitter li me, I Vn I'm MLC in his dc p in her more than in a race This is all ollemlnl-tlils mm easy time I I S > hill 1 it till all i i I did, before The fl uno laid i e 5th The body 1st SKI near Mark d him he our uttered moan of pain Henulorsttrrd orwrithul, but like a statue Ullllii in in in the interests of the 11 June Gain up the ghost as I sit past martyr like Martin Tina) not will increase, but butter? In many places we dist ere the close of the study which the air an artist of the Victoria lil epoch has bestowed upon his great picdccinsorsof the 1 tribute to em, whose modes of thought and expression he seems to have imbibed and in side his own Witness the following reflection which he puts in the mouth of the Princess Elizabeth, after she li is written a distich on the window pane with a dunn milling - II in mainly in use in the long sweep of time I had HO f arthurton s in witness of it but hang on thy shining position of senior tool that once trade brew! with us work i) s and manner Chronicle Is but of glass Su Hugh) l>cililit,liold Ma) split it for a spite And again My lord he nor] I is like a drunken man, in li I cannot move c straight to his undoing reels ison to the right then as far to the left is ish d b) the ground beside-and underfoot An tiiithq.uakL And } us again 0 Paget P gut I F li as soon beauties of the poorer sort 1 spa Cult of the milk from day to day to whom the jury were Eulourie King third In the things dispute has over stunning sellers led in nth r ink bruni til it true 1 d UJWII the tongue, And punish wilful out) dress reform, Until the died of it tied limbs and then Custom the dunghill naked and become Iliilenistl until train from head to heel My be up on the emu n Building mongrel vomit With late md sun or the powers of imagination and description displayed in the foregoing, are akin to those of Marlowe, and not far below the like qualities exhibited in Brackenbury s drum As to Mary, she is presented to us under a double aspect , first, as a w out in a hill some touch of true Queenly feeling in her nature, as when she haruiiguiB the citizens of London, when ting them to me in themselves against Sir Thomas Wjittnnil his followers, who are encamped in Southwick She then ever this - S in word Price I in that was quite millier miiiiHtull , How mother's devotion theatres > but methinks I Franco is bestirring) the) lulu his pet pig his those thou i Bill in and be sure of a Qii en Su 1 wheat is mile 1 met at is must deem lins 1 viz lesson you in as well as hum til) Mai Unto this to ml 1 is Plainlands bl ml of kilo 1) ml t but His) life has steadily courting me Afterwards we find this childless woman, who, for Mercy his issue had "filed her end,' kindling with the hope that the crown will not be wrenched from her with an unusual head," and that she will yet hear the sweetness of " mother ' lisped li) m infants voice Street I)} this hope, she cues with it curious nature of feel and of criticism at huth milking The li ith us liked I Ilcstii-swilhln tliuduluitssl oh Philip finished now in love coming Will Tillie, moral to all those I lurk manners those, that make me smile Fund bringing tied it and he had seen and falling float The (are it unto me refer li i of time I will M li I will no 0111.0 me of mine unfailing Hot days and my star lists Ihustoini) V wells and Noitliiiiiiliuiluuls Ihu pi mid reminders of 1 lUiibeth, In till the Uti lest pirlfsmiH-mu pain Inform my star 1 Ihu light of this now learning wallis and dies the guests of guilty and mingling family had I thy deathless hell which is truth doom Ifefuie ills that I HisHLiptiUKhullg f ith firm bills to (nil I Ills stand which has The hundred pounds I mu Ills faith shall control the world that will be his like universal sensation? April, feel it iJastlnt. L nts I John that is him I M) sim n) son 1 But the hope proved to be illusory, and then, neglected by her husband enfeebled by disease, preyed upon by superstition, and incapable of i emin se, Her man but minus rent Elsbeth assisting may and disorder in this striking death-bed soliloquy - OCIKI I I lutiuliiaitiisliitk, his shop while no Hot 61 especial even silence, < ill (in lil i Niiblis an illness 1 in touch We have but little riiuhuiutlo against w making), find winners any children Wut, failure aged, forty sunni, work, with, it a have s > pi) d the times d bulbs Clouds again Mull I', line Philip 2 It a line, and hot air The hot) Ollltohoru-ijiiiioi the vi hat Vu 1 burn the rains will unipttuclmhlo Ure Durn 1 lit what Mrs li ( I tell tile < only to ease The doors of all the offices Julius bitumen I Sir, winner public with our women will I fell through blunt and decollete) felling I lion light in ten is that never will genial lis out-mino Homes Wimuli the Holy I Ullin Has been the iigatcsliip from animalism Pain Was that well over? an poor Polo pursuit An I do to the death I am but a woman I have no power All, weak and meek old days, before fold dish much rain in the sight of thine own setUirlcs-?so no 'Vopuilrinl Why this was false There is the IILIII IIIIIIII still reckons on humour Sir, you were burnt ft i home), not far medium Kemi nias Huit! time 1 mi 1 Jiiiiiiui till it Vitd Polo week that tuoiit-lfriio) m friend neat) slices, (about it so help us I saw he units and girls gentle as III life. It is in the fifth Act that the dr unatisl really asserts himself 'the preceding ones are comparatively calm and unexciting, in regards the language , resembling in this I expect The told the s sun richness or it dash below but the ist moves along with a splendid swing of force and freedom, is if, like an high as- that of, Mr Tennyson h 14 carefully reserved " i gallop for the return ' A practised playwright could scarcely have worked up his chin six more skilfully than the author of " Queen M n y " has done and when it is put upon the ht age, it may be safely predicted that this part of the divine will " bring down the house" Now that the fact Laui e he has opened his vv mgs and proved their power, we hope he will give us another historic us during, the time of which shall be laid in the reign of Elizabeth We accept the present as a sequel to the "King Henry the Eighth " of Shakespeare , just as we regard Mrs Hallett Browning's Drama of IJMIC ' as a continuation of "Paiiddo Lost" In view of impending events in Europe, it may be doing longland i national service to remind our countrymen at home of the stirring deeds and the stirring times of old, when the Spanish Armada threatened the political liberties and the religious freedom of our forefathers, and when the heroic m airwoman who occupied the throne, mounted her horse and placed herself at the head of the defenders of the nation -Queenslander. The Oovernmtnt(sa}stho S' A Glenister) ) have introduced into the Assembly a bill to provide for the suppression of the rabbit nuisance If only one half of the accounts that have gained currency respecting the depredations of rabbits in the colony be true the action that being taken by the Ministry is more than vindicated from some parts of the country, i reports reach us of thousands of pounds' worth of property being destroyed before the eyes of the owners, who in the present state of the law, appear to be utterly unable to apply an adequate remedy lovell if they go to heavy expense to rid their own estate of the voracious marauders who infest it, they are liable to have it restocked within a week or two from the teeming burrows upon neighbor- ing lands. Moreover, the evil is one which is growing with alarming rapidity The amazing fecundity of the rabbit tribe raises the question above the level of a mere local matters Tilt Wairarapa Standard gives the following very good joke "Sir. Julius Vogel is compos- ing a new Handbook of New Zealand, writes our esteemed correspondent, ' Philip Henry,' which will be entitled The Great Loan Land " 