Late Mail News- Layino Lady Leoh'8 Ghost.— Tho soeno of this ghost tnlo is AYorsoly, just opposito to AVorsoly Hall," tho sont of tlioEnrlof Ellesmcro, now stands. Its linunt wns an ash troo, still growing nonr tho wnyBido, wlioro tlio rond sinks, hiding from viow tho privulo grounds nud cntriuico to SVorsoly Hall. AVhoso " porturbod spirit" this wns supposod to lie I cannot learn, unless it bo that of tho groat benofaotor to tho distriot, Dnmo Dorothy Logh, tho wifo of Richard Boroton do Tatton nud AVnrsolj, nftcr- wnrds married to one of tho Loghs of Lymo. Dorothy was tho daughtor of lliohnrd figerton. Sho it was who bequeathed tho Okl Hall, AVors- loy, to tho Egertous, and hor husband, ICinhnrd Boroton' gnvo his estntes in AVorsolay to tho snmo family. Tho latter diod Doooinbor 17, 1598, nnd itho former, Dnmo Dorothy, April 4, 1839\. Both nro inferred at Ecolcs. Dorothy gnvo n chnrity to tlio poor of AVorsolcy, which is distributed annually. Tlio ghostly lndy wns such n torror to the pooplo of tho distriot that it wns ngrood an effort should bo mado to lay tho spoolvo. Soveu clergymen woro brought togothor lor that purpose. The ceremony pro- ooodod, anil the ghost appeared. It choso tho nsli troo. Thoro was a torrilqo fright amongst tho clergy when the ghost domnnilod ns tlio for- fcit of its right to walk tho earth nothing less \- than a fife, aud could bo npponrod- by nothing loss. Tho clergy had provided thomsolvcs with a live cook ohiokon, wliioh they throw to tlio nngrv Bprito in tho wood below tho new hall, nnd n parleying flight continued, towards tho wringing pits near AYooldon, where lorins woro finally ngrood upon. . The ghost stipulntod that ns a human life lind boon sacrificed— n child's would have sufficed— it should apponr onco n yonr for evor at AVoreloy Old Hall in tlio shnpo o£ a uwallow. As nobody knows oxactly whon it should apponr, andjns thoro lire' general ly a mnnbor.of swallows about in tho slimmer. - nit fear lins Buhsidcd.- — Manchester Guardian. 