THE VATICAN DECREES. ; By a circular letter, dated November 22, the clergy of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Westminster were requested to read the follow ing notice inthecliurches f ' Dear Children in Jesus Christ, — "i. On Sunday, the 21th ; of August, : 1870, the; following letter from his Eminence Cardinal Antonelli was read by our order in all churches of this diocese : — " ' Rome, August 11, 1870. " ' It has been made known to the Holy See that some among the Faithful, and perhaps even among the Bishops, are of opinion that the Apos tolic Constitution, which was published in the Session of the (Ecumenical Council of the Vati can on the 18th day of the month of July, will not be of obligation until it has been solemnly published by some further act of the Holy See. How strange such a supposition is, any one may easily know.-. . ; ; > The, said constitution had the most solemn pubRtStion possible, on the very; day . on which, in tiie Vatican Basilica, ,,it had been solemnly confirmed and promulgated , by tfie Sovereign Pontiff tjn the presence of more, than 500 bishops,' for if qepnhat . day, -although there was no 8UcffJrnecessity in this case, put, up! with the cus- tomary formalities, in the usual places of Rome; i so that, accordingto the well-known-rulejdtwas' made obligatory for the whole Catholic world, without: need of any further publication what ever.. - ». . " ' I have thought it my duty to communicate these brief observations to you, in order that they may be your guide in the eveut of any doubts' that may from any quarter be brought before you. ' James Cardinal Antonelli.' '( This declaration was made by the Cardinal in answer to the objection of some persons who had; thought that the Decrees of the Vatican Council,; although ; they had been solemnly de fined and confirmed by the Sovereign Pontiff iff the < Council itself, might require some promul- gation as. a condition of their being regarded as publicly binding on the whole Church. ' '_I1. Events which are unhappily notorious induce us to make/known to the faithful,: lest any. should be misled by the words or example of one or two who still profess to be Catholic, that; whosoever does not in his heart receive and believe the doctrine of the Immaculate Concep tion and the doctrine of the Infallibility of the Vicar of Jesus Christ, as they have been defined by the supreme authority of the Church, does by that very fact cease to be a Catholic. "/The Encyclical Ineffabihis Deus, by which, on the 8th of Decemuer, 1855, the Sovereign Pontiff defined 'that the Most Blessed Virgin Mary was, by a similar grace and privilege of Almighty God, and _ by reason of the merits of Jesus' Christ the Saviour of mankind, preserved in the first moment of her conception free from all stain of original sin,' contained these words : "/ Wherefore, if any persons, which God for bid, shall presume to think in their hearts other- wise than we have now defined, let them know that they are condemned by their own judgment, that they have suffered shipwreck in faith, and have fallen away from the unity of the Church.' In like manner, the Constitution of the Vatican Council, which defined that 'the Roman Pontiff, when he speaks ex cathedra — that . is, when discharging the office of Pastor and Teacher of all Christians, he, by ; virtue of his supreme Apostolic authority, defines a doctrine of faith or morals to be held by the Universal Church'— -is infallible, ended with these words : " ' And if any one, which God forbid, shall presume to contradict this our definition, let him be. anathema.' a "'III.' It has come to our knowledge that some, who openly refuse to believe the said doc trines, persist nevertheless in calling themselves Catholics, and give out that they go to Confes sion and to Holy Communion in the Catholic Church'. . We therefore hereby warn them that, in so doing, they deceive our clergy by conceal ing their unbelief, and that in every such Con fession and Communion they commit a sacrilege, to their own greater condemnation.. " We rejoice to know, dear children in Jesus Christ, that of such men there are few indeed. But, lest their words or their example should seem to be tolerated by the Catholic Church, we make this declaration ; and we make it with ah earnest prayer that the Holy Spirit of God, against whom they are striving, may bring them to repentance. "May the grace of the Holy Ghost abund antly confirm you in His infallible guidance. " + Henry Edward, " Archbishop of Westminster. ."November 22." 