MESSRS- MOODY AND SANKEY. To the Rev. Mr. McEwin and others who have recently been agitating for the purpose of procuring a visit from these so-called Evangelists we commend the perusal of the following article from the Saturday Review : — It appears that for some months past much excitement has been produced in Edinburgh and other towns in Scotland by the singular exercises of a couple ot itinerate Americans — Mr. Moody and Mr. Sankey. For a very long time no enter tainment has been so popular in Edinburgh as that which goes by the name of these gentlemen. It is attended by overflowing audiences. Crowds of enthusiasts follow the performers from one place to another, for it is part of their system to have as much variety as possible, and to hold their meetings in all sorts of different buildings — in town halls, lecture-rooms, and churches of all denominations. The meet ings are held at all hours of the day, and some are for young men, some for mothers, some for fathers, others for young women, clerks, students, or little children. Curi osity is stimulated by large placards on on the walls, and several periodicals com mand a large sale by describing the per formances. The nature of the exhibition is stated in the following announcoment : — " At half-past 0 p.m., Mr. Moody will preach the Gospel, and Mr. Sankey will sing the Gospel." Mr. Moody and Mr. Sankey are Americans from Chicago, and we learn from one of then- organs that their visit to Scotland was prompted by a feeling that the Churches there stood "specially in need of the application of those brisker, livelier, more direct modes of appeal which are characteristic of America." Mr. Moody, we are further told, is " not a man of much education or culture ; his manner is abrupt and blunt ; his speech bristles with Ame- ricanisms ; Iris voice is sharp, rapid, and colloquial." He is remarkable for his want of sanctimoniousness ; and a " play of humor spurts out sometimes in his most serious addresses." He interlards his lec tures with droll or wonderful stories, or, as the writer puts it, " he has in his pos session a large number of incidents and experiences well' fitted to throw light on the points he employs them to elucidate, and to clench the appeals he uses them to enforce." In the intervals of Mr. Moody's lectures, Mr. Sankey sings hymns. " Ab horring the notion of providing a musical entertainment merely to please those who are not in the Kingdom of God," he seeks to move " by truth expressed in the most winning tones." . It is also " in subser vience to spiritual ends that Mr. Sankey uses the harmonium." Sankey's " Sacred Solos " are sold by the thousand, and his ' examples and exhortations are also said to have given a great impetus to the trade in harmoniums. The sort of entertainment which is thus presented may be gathered from the descriptions given by persons who profess to have enjoyed it. "We are having very good times just now," writes one, "old Formality has got his neck broken." " On Friday night," says an other, " after Mr. Moody's solemn words there seemed to be a great smashing up of souls." The audience is alternately moved to laughter and tears. The Gospel is preached, not only with the pronunciation, but with the dialect of Chicago ; and the result is no doubt something very different to that which Scotch congregations are accustomed. Jokes, slang, stories, and sensationalist exclamations are freely in terspersed, Mr. Moody's strange accent and " spurts of humor" work up the people into a state of excitement in which it is as easy to cry as laugh. A parable trans lated into the language of Artemus Ward, and enlivened by touches of Yankee wit, is a novel sensation, and the effect is enhanced by a sudden change to startling threats of damnation and appeals to come and be saved. Then comes Sankey's lively solo, sung in a very good style to a melody that might pass for secular in a worldly concert room but for the words. People who go only to be amused, as most of the audiences go, are provided with a curious and racy entertainment, quite as good in its way as the Christy Minstrels. Others of an irrepressible temperament are thrown into more or less violent paroxysms of hysterical emotion. Those who are acquainted with the history of revivals will recognise in the agitation which has been carried on in Edinburgh and elsewhere a repetition, in a slightly modified form, of the ordinary type of these disorders. There are different methods of getting intoxicated, and this is one of them. Nothing is easier than for a skilled and daring expert in revivalism to work upon the nerves and feelings of weak, susceptible persons, so as to throw the blood to the head, and bring on all the symptoms of violent excitement. One of Mr. Moody's discipres has designated him the " Lightning Minister of the Lightning City," and there can be no doubt that his performance is of a very amusing kind. In common revivals mere shouting and shrieking answers the purposes of the operators, but Mr. Moody's exercises are of a more artistic quality. Friends of the movement, mingled with the audience, also lend their aid. They pounce upon anyone who seems to be moved, and pour in their exhortations ; and there are also private rooms to which cases of distress are conveyed. " About forty," says one account, " confessed that they were new converts, and about forty stood up as anxious to be saved, and they were asked to go to the other side of the hall, where they were conversed with." A servant girl is described as weepiuglike an inundation. The " workers " in attend- dance on her had to keep her constantly supplied with a change of fresh handker chiefs and dry hymn books. Another time Mr. Moody called upon seven gentle men on the platform to tell how they were saved. " Most of them were well-known men, a minister, a colonel in the army, a merchant, a sheriff, a doctor, a nobleman, and a captain in. the navy. The effect was marvellous." Prayers were offered for all " uncle who was an infidel," for " a family? the father an avowed infidel, and the mother and children unconverted," for "a clergyman of the Church of Ire land, who is imbued with rationalistic errors." At one of the meetings the ex periences of a young lady was given as part of the entertainment. " For an hour she sat in the greatest agonj' ; her hands were clasped, her eye-balls looked as if they would start from then- sockets." Even children are worked upon— little children of eight or nine— witli all the terrifying formula of the revivalist school. A little boy illustrated his faith by re marking that, if his sister received an offer of marriage from a . very rich man who had promised she should live in a fine mansion, would she not be very foolish to refuse such an offer ? At one meeting we are told of " a dear little boy, about nine years of age, at most ten, who was crying as if his little heart would break," while a " kindly father-like man " was torturing the poor child with things too deep for him to understand. We read of a book which was sent to another child containing three leaves — one white, the next bloocl red, and the third white, indi cating salvation. "You can't have too much blood," is Moody's motto. It is said to be too soon to estimate the results of the agitation which has been carried on by these expedients ; but it is not very difficult to anticipate what, judg ing from former experience, they are likely to be. It is impossible to imagine anything more unwholesome and debilita ting than the sort of morbid excitement and hysterical rapture which is thus cultiva ted ; and in other cases the consequence lias invariably been a reaction of a deplor able kind. In the country districts of Scotland revivals have usually left their mark in an increase of drunkenness and a scandalous addition to the registrar- general's statistics of illegitimacy. In Edinburgh the heat and frenzy have probably done much harm by bringing sacred things into ridicule, by affecting some feeble minds with idle agony, or by overbalancing others with the inflation of self-righteous arrogance and conceit. There is not the faintest trace of educated intelligence or spiritual elevation in Mr Moody's harangues. They are a mere gabble of texts, interspersed with gro tesque or sensational anecdotes, and spiced with vulgar American slang. The most extraordinary feature of the agita tion is that it should be connived at and patronised by the clergy of Edinburgh and other towns. It is obvious that if Moody and Sankey are right in their mode of preaching the Gospel, and if the success of these performances is really a "great awakening" and the "power of the Holy Ghost in Scotland," the ordinary services of religion must be a melan choly farce. Everybody who has been in Scotland must have been struck with the severe endurance and fortitude with which a Scotch congregation sits out, not only a long and dreary sermon, out a series of prayers which are the worst sort of sermons in disguise ; and it is not sur prising that the Scotch laity should be thankful for a little relaxation. But that the ministers themselves should come for ward in this manner and proclaim publicly that their whole system is a failure and a waste of time is really strange. It must be still more wonderful if, in sup porting and recommending Messrs. Moody and Sankey, they do . not see that they are condemning themselves. Either a great awakening is good for their flocks, or it is not. If it is, why do they not take measures to bring it about on their own account? The only justification which is offered for the eccentricities and buffooneries of the Yankee propaganda is simply that the end justifies the means, and that the great thing is to produce an impression on the public mind, no matter how. It would appear, therefore, that sermons had better be abandoned for singing and story-telling, and there is no logical reason why the reform should stop here. The banjo and the bones might be substituted for the harmonium, and Mr. Sankey's solos might be occasionally varied by a little dancing. The Fante Flib-Flag Fandango would not be an ap propriate accompaniment to Mr. Moody's " spurts of humor " and select anecdotes. If it is to be understood that it is the business of Christian churches to com pete, as the British Evangelist holds, with the theatre, the opera, and pantomime ' why is the competition left to thes'e American gentlemen? It is stated that Messrs. Moody and Sankey may shortlv be expected in London ; but they will perhaps discover that their line of busi ness has already been pretty well worked at the Tabernacle and elsewhere. The Noble Irish. — I entered the church thinking- within my self how logically synonimous were the two words, Irish, noble , when— behold how coincident— I stood over the graves of enl. two nhlemen. The " Red hand of Ulster" is a name which is familiar to every Irishman, and, I ween, there are very few Irishmen who come to Rome, who do not repair to the Church of Sc. Peter, on the Janiculum, and kneel between those two slabs, let into the pavement, upon which are en graven the names of Hugh O'Neill, Baron of Dungannon, son of the Earl of Tyrone, and Rory O'Donnell, Earl of Tyrconnell — names tuat bring us back to the times of Queen Elizabeth and James the First. Poor Ireland. Thy exiles are to be found in every part of the habitable globe. Though Rome has many treasures and venerable relics, the least among them, of a surety, are not the remains of these two heroes, who found in a foreign land the rest which their own unfortnunfi nnimiw could not give them. —Roman Cor Stand ai '(v% 