DIOSCESAN SYNOD. The annual session of the Synod of the Anglican Church in the Diocese of Adelaide was opened at •fit. Paul's Church, Adelaide, on Tuesday morning, -'April 27, at half-past 11 o'elook. The surpliced ••"choir, consisting partly of clergy, proceeded up • the main aisle of the church, followed by the Revs. Canon Coombs, the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, M.A., the Very Rev. Dean Russell, and His Lordship the Bishop, who was preceded by the Rev. C. G. Taplin, bearing the pastoral staff. The body of the church was occupied by . a large number of the clergy in gowns and laity attending Synod, and there was also pre sent a moderate general congregation. Hymn 320, from- the A. and fl. Hynjnal, having been sung, the Communion office fol lowed, the Bishop officiating, assisted by the Dean. Hymn 248 was also sung. Twenty of the clergy mid 14 laymen partook of the sacrament. Hie Lordship, sitting at the entrance to the chancel in his episcopal chair, then delivered his Pastoral Charge as follows:— Pastoeal Address, 1875. "Rev. and Dear Brethren—It is a beautiful picture which the prophet draws of Messiah's kingdom —' Behold a King shall reign in righteousness; and Hy people shall dwell in peaceable^ habitations, and in sure dwellings, and in quiet resting-places, when it shall hail coming down on the forest.'—Is. xxxii. 1-18. This no doubt was realized by 'Israelites indeed,' •even when the Assyrians in their career of con ■quest overwhelmed the Hebrew nationality. But it is more fully realized wherever in these latter days Christ 'reigns in righteousness* over regenerated souls. The effect of His grace is ' quietness and assurance for ever.' They are kept ' in the taber nacle of His presence from the strife of tongues.' When, however, we turn from the 'inward and spiritual' to His 'outward and -visible' kingdom, how different is the scene! We are transported, as it were, in a moment from 'green pastures and still waters of comfort' into the noisy thoroughfares of some great metropolis; the hurry and confusion of a modern Babylon, or rather perhaps into a mediaeval city studded with fortress palaces of contending nobles; their retainers distinguished by family badges and parly cries, destroying the peace and harmony of their common citizenship. It is striking to mark how the public Press teems •at this day with ecclesiastical topics, contro versial letters, and discussions of the deeper mysteries of religious belief. Nor is it the Clerical order alone which engages in the con tention. Ministers of State and nobles have mingled in the debate, until we may say with truth, 'the world has gone after Him.' There was the like excitement in the republic of letters in the fifteenth century, when the revival of classical learning and the study of the Scriptures in the original tongues commenced, It was so during the era of the Reformation; and once more the tidal wave heaved upward and onward when the Spirit of God in the last ■century stirred the hearts of devout men to preach anew, amid the general apathy or un belief, the Gospel of ' the grace of God,' justi fication by faith, the power of the Spirit, the necessity of regeneration, and conversion. These godly men in their fervent zeal made little account of the divinely-provided machinery for the propagation of truth and the spiritual train ing of mankind. The Catholic and Apostolic Church, ' the tabernacle of witness' and keeper of holy writ, the Apostolic authority and order of the ministry, the sacraments as 'effectual'means and pledges of grace, and not mere signs, were set aside or made of little account under the belief of immediate and sensible operations of the Spirit accompanying the preaching of the Word. On the other hand, without denying or limiting the power of the Holy Ghost, direct or otherwise, the Anglican school of theologians ceased not,knowing the deceitf ulness of the human heart, to contend not only for 'the faith once delivered to the saints,' but for the ministry and order of the Apostolic Church, and of the historic unbroken connection with it of the Reformed -Church of England. I fail to see why these two schools of thought Bhould be opposed, though distinct and separate. I believe their sympathy was interrupted more fey political and social influences than any essential and positive incom patibility. Amid the adverse movements of Romanists, Ritualists, Dksenters, and Free thinkers the question now is, will they co-operate? This, in truth, is our Church's greatest need; for the Erastian tendencies of a State Church which silenced for more than a century the clergy in their legitimate Synods; the unques tioned need of extensive reforms; the disesta blishment of the Irish branch of the United Church of England and Ireland; and the sus pected spoliation of that of England; the unwil A lingness to increase the numbers of Bishops for the oversight of increasing millions of the laity; as well as the clergy, numbering nearly twenty two thousand; and, lastly, the unsatisfactory treatment of doctrinal and ritual questions by the Privy Council, call for union and co-opera tion among Churchmen; and now a very large body of laymen and clergy claim tor the Anglican Church a just influence in the settlement of the above questions, affecting, as they do, their spiritual interests and hereditary predi lections. Hence the origin of Con gresses, in which ail parties in the Church meet together and freely interchange their senti ments. Perhaps in such full and tree discussion lies the solution of our present difficulties. " Those difficulties have arisen principally from certain of the clergy who hold high views, especially concerning the Sacrament of the Lord's Supper. Considering that the 'inward and spiritual grace' of that holy ordinance had been unduly disparaged, tfcey have sought not only by their sermons but by ' ornaments,' both of the 'chuich* and tbe ' minister,' to symbolize and show forth its dignity. They contend that they are justified in so doing by the existing 'ornaments'rubric and tbe Act of Uniformity of 1662. By their opponents they are charged with disloyalty to the Church of England, secret falling away to Rome, and insub ordination to their bishops as the over seers of the flock. Of their wisdom, prudenee, and charity the gravest doubts are entertained, but it is hardly consistent with candour or justice to question their honesty. Very many of them are devoted, laborious, self-denying parochial clergymen, who carry with them in many cases the sympathy of their congregations. " In my retrospect of the last year I perceive three prominent topics of interest:—1. The rela tion assumed towards the State by the Vatican. 2\. The relation of Ritualism to the Ecclesiastical Law. 3. The attitude which some natural philosophers appear to have assumed towards -A supernatural revealed truth. I desire to speak with humility and calmness on these subjects. " 1. Not long 8go the world was startled by the 'expostulation' addressed by the late Prime Minister to the lay Roman (Catholics of England, urging them to disavow the apparent limitation of their allegiance to the Crown by what are called the Vatican Decrees, viz., 'that the {Supreme Pontiff has official authority to judge and to declare what alone is true and obligatory both in faith and morals. In mixed questions, there fore, of civil law and moral duty—such as marriage, education, political elections—it was thought that the consciences of Roman Catholics were placed under tbe constraining influence of "their priesthood—that complications might arise in which the action of civil government would be seriously impeded and its authority paralysed.' Whatever truth there may be in these allega tions, it is certain that there was nothing new in the assertion of this power by Pius IX., for ■Boniface VIII., in the year A.D. 1302, •Issued a bull, beginning ' Unam sanctam,' &c.;, which clearly lays down the prin ciple that the . ' temporal authority is subordinate to and dependent on the spiritual.' The latter judges the former, while itself is 'only judged of God.' (Fleury's Ecclesiastical History, A.D. 1302.) The bull then goes on to claim tbfs spiritual authority for the Pope, as successor of St. Peter, to whom it is said to have been given by Christ; therefore (so concludes the bull) it is 'of necessity to salvation that •every human being should own submission to the fioman Pontiff.' In considering the terms of this bull, it is at once apparent that, though the _ spiritual man, in whom is the mind of Christ, has higher spiritual discernment in * faith and morals' than the 'natural' man, yet he ^ possesses no constraining secular power or jurisdiction over him. He may counsel and exhort; but to depose and interdict are acts of different character. But if it be admitted that the Pope is infallible, the bull of Boniface is binding on his successors, and Pius IX. has asserted nothing new. Moreover that such authority resides officially and personally in tbe Pope, not in the Church tbe bcdy and spouse of Hhnst is mere assump tion: for tbe Apostles were equal in all spiritual gifts and co-ordinate in all Apostolic authority. The Royal Priesthood consists of the whole body of believers. In tbe inspired theocracy of tbe Hebrew people tbe Civil Lawgiver was divinely commistir ned to arrange tbe whole structure and services of the Tabernacle as well as the vestments of the Priesthood. He solemnly in vested with them Aaron aud his sons. The Kirgdcra of Christ was not of this world ; but spiritually the twelve A pestles it was promised should rit upon twelve thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel.—Matt. xx. 28. The theory of the Pope's supreme jurisdiction over all otl:cr Bishops derives no sanction from -that promise. Acrain, the'power of the keys,' if first given to Peter^ was no less certainly given to the other Apostles.—Matt. xviiL 17, 18. The eleven equally received the gift of the Holy Bpirit. Our Lord breathed on them all, and said, 'Receive ye the Holy Ghost.' The same apostolic powers were then conferred. 'Whoso ever sins ye remit they are remitted,' &e.; St, iraui tells the Corinthians twice that he was in nothing behind the very chiefest Apostles.—2 Cor, Xi 5,_xii. U, Accordingly he felt it his Quty to withstand St. Peter to his face because . was to be blamed.' St. Peter-erred, that is in judgment and in consistency. He was neither mentally nor morally infallible, for towards the Gentiles he was guilty of ' dissimulation.' " We pass, naturally, from the relations of the Papacy to the State to the alleged violations of Ecclesiastical Law by certain of the cleigy in regard to Ritual. No such alleged violation happily has been brought of late under mv notice in this Diocese. I say happily, far sound judicial decisions on such cases under the various Acts of Parliament, or documents purporting to have legal force, are ve»y difficult of attainment. I will therefore confine myself to some explana tory remarks, which may help earnest enquirers to a candid consideration of the charges made against the Ritualistic party, and their reply to such accusations. They are accused then (1) of departing from the principles of the English Reformers; (2), disaffection to the Church of England; and (3), secret adhesion to the beliefs and devotionB of the Roman Church. The causes of suspicions are patent and manifold. The first is the use of terms derived from the Primitive Church, end common to the Anglican as well as well as Roman. The term 'Catholic,' for example, is used in our Liturgy, and does not mean Roman* In like manner, the teims priest, confession, absolution, sacrifice, altar, Real Presence, by no means have the same sense as when used by Roman Catholics. 2. The revival of services, rites, ceremonies, and institutions which had fallen into abeyance, such M. services, weekly communions, special missions, retreats, guilds, 'sisterhoods.' Chris tian zeal and love newly awakened may need some such objective supports and outlets. 3. Devotional books for private use, translated from Roman Catholic authors, and not free from erro neous opinions and questionable forms of prayer. 4\. The adoption of special eucharistic vestments, emblematic crosses, the highly ornamented teredos, decorations and altar lights, and incense. The point at issue is this. Is such Ritualism in whole or in part contrary to the law of the Anglican Church—the outcome of false doctrine, and a preparative for secession to Rome ? Ornate churches and rich ceremonial are no compensation for doctrinal error, a religion of form, or superstitious worship. The dogma which underlies the Eucharistic Ritualism is the ' effec tuous grace' or * inward part' of the Sacrament. While rejecting transubstantiation of the elements, and the natural corporeal presence of Christ in the 'host' or 'victim,' our Articles, Communion Office, and Catechism nevertheless teach that the bread and wine, when consecrated to sacramental uses, are 'effectuous' signs, and do make the faithful recipients, ' after a heavenly manner,' 'partakers of the body and blood' of Christ; that by means of them we do feed by faith on Christ, truly present, because 'made one with us,' 'taken and received verily and in deed' by our spirits, as they are 'given' (according to the 2Sth Article) by Christ after the heavenly manner (not ' gross or corporeal') of a spiritual body. Such is the way in whieh Bishop Andrewes and the Patristic school of theologians, interpreting our formularies while rejecting^ transubstantiation and the 'many superstitions' with which it is associated, main tained a * Real' Presence in the sense of 'true' but not 'corporeal.' It is, then, easy to see how fey the common use of this word ' real,' having' two different meanings, the Anglican may be confused with the Roman doctrine. It is the same with the words 'sacrifice,' 'altar,' 'priest.' The Anglican sacrament is for the 'continual remembrance of the sacrifice of the death of Christ,' not the continual repetition of it. Our sacrament is 'a sacrifice of thanksgiving,' not of 'expiation for the quick and dead.' Our holy table is 'God's board'—au altar of praise, not propitiation; our priesthood not media torial, but the official representative ministry of the' royal priesthood,' God's worshipping people. Throughout our communion. office the people's priesthood, oblation, confession, and thanks giving are prominent. It is 'our aims and oblations., • We confess our manifold sius;'' we do not presume to come to Thy tabled ' Grant us so to eat the flesh of Thy dear Son, and drink His blood, that* our' useful bodies may be made clean by His body,' &c.t; ' command us to con tinue a perpetual memory;' 'hear us;* 'grant that we may be partakers.' . "Such is the tenor of the prayer of consecra tion, and the prayer of thanksgiving corresponds: —' We Thy humble servants entirely desire;' our sacrifice;* 'we and the whole Church;' 'we offer ourselves, our souls and bodies,-* ' although we be unworthy to offer unto Thee any sacrifice.' These expressions clearly show that the Anglican priesthood, altar, sacrifice, Real Presence have a different meaning from that taught in the missal and catechism of Trent. Bearing in mind, then, this essential difference of meaning, and the sanction given by the earliest Christian^ writers to such terms, as well as by great divines in our own Church in the seven teenth century, those who use them at the present day are not on that account disloyal to the Church of England. It may indeed be asked, why use them ' with offence ?' The answer is that our Reformed Church, like the Old Catholics at the present time, was careful in separating from Rome to go back to primitive doctrine and usage of the one Catholic and Apostolic Churcb. To forego entirely such lan guage^ would be to break the continuity and historic connection of the Anglican with the Holy Catholic Church of the four first cen turies. For example, the account of the Lord's Day service and administration of the Holy Communion given by Justin Martyr, A.D. 150 (see Appendix), illustrates the above position, and shows howlittlethe present teaching and lan guage concerning the Eucharist varies from that age. The principle, then, by which Ritualists must be judged by Churchmen is, ' Have they in their , preachiDg, their vestments, their ornaments of the Church, their ceremonial, their books of private devotion gone beyond the line which the : Church of England has drawn in her liturgy, offices, rubrics, and articles for the guidance and edification of her people?' In the solution of this question both the clergy and laity of the Churcb of England, nay, the whole Protestant body of believeis, are deeply interested. In the newly constituted Ecclesiastical Court and Supreme Judicature of Appeal it will probably find a final answer. Meanwhile, weary of the • vestment and ornaments' discussion, to which matters an exaggerated importance has been given, we gladly turn to St. Paul's rule3, ' Let all things be done to edifying, and all decently and^in order.' Let the ritual of our Church be in harmony with the sober and solemn beauty of her liturgy. N o more is wanted. "I pass to the last subject which calls for obser vation, namely, Biological Atomic Materialism. To the Stoic and Epicurean philosopher at Athens, in contradiction of their theories of nature, St. Paul taught the old Hebrew belief of a personal creator—'Jehovah, not far from every one of us; in whom we live, and move, and have our being.' Of late a naturalist of high standing has professed to 'discover the potentiality of every existing form of living being in primary atoms,' self-formed and ' endowed with every power of varied develop ment.'_ The reader of the poet Lucretius recog nises his theory reproduced; but the ' how' his atoms came at first to be In shape, round, angular, and hooked; and ' why' some moved perpendicularly, others horizontally and diago nally, in order to combine; why their discord should end in harmony, their chaos result in oider, their fortuitousness produce adapta tion, their confusion terminate in law, their matter be sublimated into spirit, their deadness fee animated into life, and then sen sation grow into mind and thought—these questions have been left unanswered by the modern experimentist as well as by the heathen poet. It is strange indeed that an experi mental scientist should abandon the safe ground of observation and induction to ' prolong his vision backward across the boundary of experimental evidence" and guess that there is ^in matter the ' promise and potency of every form and quality of life.' We venture to suspect that the intellect which can persuade itself of the identity of process in the crystallization of salt, the construction of the eye, and the composition of the Iliad, labours under some hallucination. Again, the theory of the development of organisms through the in fluence of their * environment' was not unknown 1o the witty comic poet of Athena. He ridicules Ihe natural philosophy of the day in the person of Socrates, teaching the dullest of pupils that ' subtle intelligence and' airy ' speculation' were the result of intimate converse with the 'clouds,' descending for the purpose from the mountains of Attn a to meec the sage. It is necessary, however, for the Clergy, if they would still influence the intelligent and educated classes, to obtain a fair insight into these theories of the present time, if it be only to judge and point cut to others how far experimental knowledge has really advanced, and what assertions are unproved or only half proved. To find out God to perfection through the study of nature, dis carding tue light of revelation, will still be found impossible. God will still be the unknown God; and jnas will find ' no end in wauderiug mazes jfn c8 "^t, iu conclusion, to state that the philosopher whose conception of primary matter has been quoted above, has since admitted that in the clearest periods of'his intellectual musiocs the consciousness that there must be in the universe Intelligence of a higher order than his own laviiid. Audio the same discourse from which bis sentiments on matter have been taken he also affirms " theie are such things woven into the texture of man as the feeling of awe, reve rence, wonder, the love of the beautiful, physical and moral, in nature, poetry, and art. There is also that deep-set feeling which since the earliest dawn of history incorporated itself in the religions of the world.' " Bim, then, that ' the nations ignorantly worshipped' from feelings woven in the texture of their nature, 'the only begotten Son, who is in the bosom of the Father,' did by voluntary choice, as well as natural incarnation, declare. The fact that all the religions of the world have incorporated the idea of a Divine Being in worship—the fact that all the root languages rf the world embalm that idea of a 'Spirit,' ' Almighty,' a * Heavenly Father,' are as much facts of experience as any observed phenomena of nature. Theology, therefore, and religion have a scientific basis as much as any law of the material universe. I shall only add that while natural science pushed beyond its legitimate sphere may deteriorate the perception and functions of moral reason, it is necessary that modern education should embrace the study: to enable through generally diffused informa tion the public mind to judge how far theories of materialistic causation are borne out by a just generalization of facts, accurately observed and faithfully recorded. Far happier, far better for man is the belief that in God 'we live, and move, and have our being,' and that though 'the whole creation groan eth and travaileth in pain,' being made ' subject to vanity,' yet that it shall eventually be ' delivered from the bondage of corruption unto the glorious liberty of the.childrenof God."' Affekdix. Justin Martyr's description of the Primitive Christians' service on the Lord's Day and of Holy Communion:— " c. 85. When we have finished our prayers we salute one another with a kiss ; after which there is brought to that one of the brethren who presides bread and a cup of wine mixed with water. And he, having received them, gives praise and glory to the Father of all things through the name of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, and gives thanks in many words for that God hath vouchsafed to them these things. And when he hath finished Ms praises and thanks giving, ail the people who are present express - their assent, saying 'Amen,' which in the Hebrew tongue implies ' So be it.' The President having given thanks, and the people having expressed their assent, those whom we call Deacons give to each of those that are present a portion of the bread which hath been blessed, and of the wine mixed with water, and cany some away tor those who are absent, c. 86. And this food is called by us the Eucharist: of which no one may partake unless he believes that what we teach is true, and is washed in the laver, which is ap pointed for the forgiveness of sins and unto regeneration, and lives in such a manner as Christ commanded. For we receive not these elements as common bread or common drink; but even as Jesus Christ our Saviour, being made flesh by the Word of God, had both flesh and blcod for our salvation, even so we are taught that the food which is blessed by the prayer of " the word which came from Him, by the conver sion of which into our bodily substance our blood and flesh are nourished, is the flesh and blood of that Jesus who was made flesh: for the Apostles in the Gospels have related that Jesus thus commanded them, viz., that having taken bread and given thanks He said, 'Do this in remembrance of me; ' This is my body;' and that in the like manner, having taken wine and given thanks He said, 'This is my blood;' and that He distributed them to these alone.— Chevallier's Translation, p. 275, 1833. " Note.—With reference to the theory of 'environment' developing organisms, see Aris tophanes' ' The Clouds,' v. 315. " Socrates instructs Strepsiades thus:— oopdvuzi vecpstau jtsyal.at 6sai avSpamv apyoi; aiTsp yv«ujj.tjv xai oidXe&v; xai vouv Tjutv itaps ^ou<nv, v.Ki TspaTEtav za't TtEptAi^iv y-w. scpouartv xai zaraATjiiv. " Tr. The clouds of heaven are mighty divinities to feeble men; They bestow on us apprehension, reasoning, intellect; Marvel-mongeriDg, mystification, the veri fying gift, the perceptive instinct. " Note.—Real Presence.—Bishop Andrews, in his argument against Cardinal Bellarmine, ex plains the words ' This is my body' thus:—* We believe no less than you do in a true Presence. As to the manner of that Presence we are not rash enough to define anything. Prsesentiam credimus non minus quam Vos vevam: de modo prmsentise nil temere definemus.' It may help us to a conception of such a presence, not gross or corporeal, but after a 'spiritual manner,' if we consider St. Paul's being caught up into the third heaven, whether in the body or out of the body he knew not; yet truly present there, and ' hearing unspeakable words,' although possibly in the body upon earth." " Note.—Of the alleged supreme spiritual jurisdicticn of St. Peter we may also say that he himself knew nothing of it, for he exhorts 'the elders' among the 'strangers' in Pontus, Galatia, Csppadocia, Asia, and Bithynia, as ' being himself an elder.' With St. John he was sent by the Apostles to Samaria.— Acts viii. 14. The Council of Jerusalem (Acts xv,), knew nothing of his supremacy. Polycarp, Irei.seus, Cyprian, Bishops of Smyrna, Lyons, and Carthage, in the 2nd and 3rd centuries, knew nothiDg of it. Gregory, first Bishop of Borne, a.D. 601 reprobated the title of universal Bishep, and St. Leo, Bishop of Borne, a d. 450, in his sermons II., III., and on the Nativity, gives this interpretation of the ' power of the keys'granted to St. Peter.—Matt. xvi. 19. In him all the Apostles and all other chief ministers of the Church received it. We need not scruple, then, to reject the Vatican declaration no less than tie Bull of Boniface. It lacks scriptural authority; it lacks the witness of the Church from the beginning. BUSINESS MEETING. The meeting for the transaction of business took place in tbe Church Office, the Lord Bishop presiding. ATTENDANCE. The roll having been made up waB found to be composed as follows:— Holy Trinity, Adelaide—Rev. Richardson Reid, Messrs. H. D. Holmes and J. S. Sanders. Christchurch, North Adelaide—Ven. Arch deacon Marryat, M.A., Mr. F. Wicksteed, Hon. A. Blytb, and Mr. James Bath. St. Luke's, Adelaide—Rev. J. Pollitt, Messrs. E. Cooke, V. Lawrauce, S. R. Fox, and J. H. Cunningham. St. Paul's, Adelaide—The Very Rev. Dean Russell, Hon. John Cox Bray, and Mr. W. J. Fullarton. St. Paxil's, Port Adelaide—Rev. S. Green, Messrs. H. Duncan and. T. J. Ring. St. John's, Adelaide—Rev. F. S. Poole, B.A., and Mr. A. M. Wilson. St. Bartholomew's, Norwood—Rev. W. B, Andrews, Messrs. J. E. Moulden and A. Spence. All Saints', Hindmarsh, and St. Margaret's, Woodville—Rev. H. M, Pollitt and Mr. Benjamin Taylor. St. Andrew's, Walkerville—Messrs. C. B. Young and F. Halcomb. St. Matthew's Kensington—Rev. £. Jenkins, Messrs. E. W. Meredith and J. Howell. St. George's, Woodforde—Rev. A. Honner, Mr. H. D. Cruttenden. St. Michael's, Mitcham—Rev. Henry Read, M.A., Messrs. N. Oldham and J. W. Lewis. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Rev. W. H. Mudie, Messrs. G. W. Hawkes and J. H. Wiles. St. Mary's, South-road, and Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill—Rev J. L. Smith, B.A., Messrs. B. H. Babbage and T. J. S. O'Halloran. St. Peter's, Gienelg—Rev. Thomas 'Field, M.A., Messrs. El M. DeMole and J. N. Taylor. St. Stephen's, Willunga, and St. Philip and St. James's, Noarlunga— Rev. E. K. Miller. St. James's, Blakiston; Christchurch, Mount Barker; and St. Thomas's, Balhannah—Rev. J. W. Gower, Messrs. John For&ter; and O. Weld St. George's, Gawler—Rev. Canon Coombs, Messrs. W. H. Lewis and T. O. Jones. Christchurch, Kapunda—Mr. W. Barlow. St. Mary's, Kosringa — Rev. H. fiowitt, Messrs. M. MacDermott and A. Barker. St. Jude's, Port Elliot—Rev. E. T. Howell, M. A. St. John's, Mount Pleasant — Mr. W. S. Mccre. Christchurch, Gambierlon—Rev. J. F. Hocter. St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln—Messrs. A. J. Tolley and R. Josling. Christchurch, Yankalilla—Rev. C. W. Morse, B.A, Mr. E. Lovelock. All Saints', Moonta—Rev. C. G. Taplin, Messrs G. W. Sillifant and Thomas Evans. Holy Trmity, Riverton—Rev. J. Houghton. St. James's, Glenburn—Mr. James Lord. 1 manuel, Clinkford—Mr. G. W. Byerlee. St. Michael's Bungaree, and St. Barnabas', Clare—Rev. J. A. Boake, B.A. St. John's, Auburn—Rev. C. W. Hawkins, Mr. J. W. Castine. St. Mary's, Wallaroo—Mr. J. B. Shepherdson. St. Martin's, Campbelltown— Mr. H. E. Downer. Holy Evangelists', Goolwa—Mr. G. E. DeMole. St. Jude's, Brighton—Messrs. H, Dutton and S. C. Pearson. Holy Trinity, Lyndoch—Rev. R. B. Webb, M. A., Mr. John Sandland, Tbe following Churches are not on the ro'l, but are included in this list to give status to the clergymen :—St. Peter's Collegiate School—Rev. Canon Farr, M.A., Rev. F. Williams, M.A., Rev. W. Hey Sharp, M.A; St. Mary's Penola Jiev. W. F. Marshall; St. Clement's Enfield— Rev. J. C. Haynes; St. Matthew's, Poonindie— I Rev. R. W. Holden; Holy Trinity, Melrose— Rer. H. Williams; Bishop's Chaplains—Beys. T. £. Ash, B.A., and B. J. Poole. APPOINTMENTS. > The Bey. T. L. Field was appointed Reperler, the Bey. S. Green Clerical Secretary, and Mr. G. W. Hawkes Lay Secretary. election committee. The following members were appointed the flection Committee:—The Very Bey. Dean' fiusEell, the Ven. Archdeacon Manryat, Messrs. it. E. Downer, C. B. Young, and G. W. Hawkes. EMPOET ON THE DIOCESE. Bis LoaDShip read the following:— " in reviewing the occurrences of the past year they present the usual chequered character of life. It has been one of much anxious' thought and labour, partly caused by the social changes through the operation of the land laws; and partly by the unsettling of Cures, through the departure, absence, illness, or death of some of the clergy. The 'care of all the Churches' has entailed much personal labour, correspondence, and solicitude to maintain' services of vacant cures as well as furnish, some—though inadequate—supply of missionary visits to the settlers in the agricultural areas and townships. I proceed to give a brief sum mary of the more prominent events :— " Material Progress.—St. Alban's, Port Wake field; All Saints, Moonta; and St. John's, Maitland, have been opened for Divine service; St. Paul's, Port Adelaide, improved and reno vated; and St. Bartholomew's has been ceiled,' and 63 sittings added, at an expense of over £300. Hie parsonages at Kensington, Yanka lilla, and Port Elliot have been added to, and rendered more commodious; one has been built at Auburn. The cathedral is advancing gradu ally towards completion, but in order to render it fit for service flooring and seats are required. A special offertory from each Church in the diocese would help materially towards supplying these requisites. The architectural beauty of Mr. Butterfield's design is now generally ad mitted, and the site sets off the building to the greatest advantage; backed as it is by the gentle weeded slope of North Adelaide, conspicuous on the approach to Adelaide from the Northern and Western railroads, connecting North and South Adelaide in the line of King William street, and visible from every part of the Plain of Adelaide. It also forms an object of beauty from the Botanic Park and Gardens. Whenever finished with its facade and towers, the build ing, from its style and height, will be the great ornament of the city. It is to be hoped that : not many years will pass before efforts will be made by the public at large to complete the edifice. Amid the turmoil of business Ufa many a spirit, it is hoped, may find repose and com fort within its walls at its daily services. "Clergy.—Passing from the material to the personal constituents of the Church,-we have to lament with chastened sorrow the death of the Kev. W. Clay field. He was taken to his rest last September, leaving a large district and numerous loving souls to lament their bereave ment. ' Though dead he yet speaketh' to those whoknewhim toliveaspurely and love as tenderly as he did. The Rev. L. Stanton reoeived leave of absence, and has since resigned the charge of Koonnga. The Rev. W. Scott withdrew from the Diocese. These gaps in the ranks of the licensed ministry caused the absence of the Bev. G. Dove to be felt more severely, but during his stay in England he did much to plead the cause of this Diocese and interest many in its behalf. He was able to confer with several clergy, to select the Bev. E. T. Ash, of St. John's College, Cambridge, as Mission Chaplain, and, I trust, to induce two or more to take service also in the Diocese. Several, indeed, are wanted, but tbey must be men of faith, piety, and energy. None others can encounter and overcome the difficulties of colonial missionary clerical life. "Vacant Cures.—At the present time the Talunga Mission, with Mount Pleasant, Mount Torrens, and Woodside Churches; the Strath albyn, including Langhorne's Creak and Wellington; the Meadows, Echunga, and Macclesfield; Port Augusta, and shortly also, St. Mary's, with Christ Church, O'Halloran Bill, and Brighton, are without incumbent ministers. "Missionary Clergy.—The shifting of the agricultural population to the new Areas has necessitated a modification of the parochial incumbency system. The congregations lessened in number of attendants have been unable to keep up the stipends of their ministers to a sufficient amount. The clergy in some instances were compelled to accept new charges. It was impossible, how ever, to leave the older rural Churches without pastoral care while new townships springing up in the Areas have called loudly for the supply of clerical ministrations. This is a state of things likely to continue for some years while the settlement of the Areas is going on. Two courses only are open to the Church in this emergency—(1), to ordain a lower grade of clergy less educated and of a lower social standard; <2), or to call on serious-minded educated laymen as part of the ' royal priest hood' of the Christian Church to conduct ser vices as lay readers. To persons so disposed our Liturgy, with its selected Scripture lessons, affords an immense help. Our Church Hymn-Book and a volume of plain sound sermons will enable a congregation, though without an Incumbent, to sanctify the Lord's day. Combined with a system of pastoral visits from a District Missionary Clergyman, who shall administer the Sacraments, and visit from house to house, the population of the Areas may be retained in Christian habits of worship until the growth of the township shall enable a parochial ministry to be planted in the centres of the population. This system was commenced, on the death of the Bev. W. Clay field, at Mount Pleasant, Mount Torrens, and Woodside. The removal of the Rev. F. S. Poole from Strath albyn to St. John's, Adelaide, extended it to Stralhalbyn and Langhorne's Creek. The Bev, E. T. Howell inaugurated it succesfully in the Broughton Areas. By the settlement of the Rev. Hartley Williams at Melrose, the townships of Laura, Jamestown, Gladstone, Georgetown, and Port Pirie will receive regular visitation at fixed periods, and the services I trust will be carried on during the interval by approved lay readers. At present the Talunga Mhsion is visited by the Rural Dean Canon Coombs, the Strathalbyn by the Bev, H. M. Pollitt. " Station Missions.—The return of the Rev. Canon Dove has enabled me to reorganize the Northern Mission. His well-known missionary work from Melrose to the Blinman, combined with his having refused choice preferment in England in order to continue his work amongst us, callea for some recognition at my hands. I accordingly collated him to the Archdeaconry of Flinders, formerly so worthily filled by the late Archdeacon T wopeny. The stations formerly visited by Mr. Dove have gladly contributed to meet the mission expenses. On the North-East the Rev. H. Howitt has acceptably organized a partial missionary visitation, which he carried on until from the ravages of locusts and the dry ness of the season travelling became impossible from want of horsefeed. "Port Augusta.—I have been much disap pointed in not having "been able to obtain a | suitable resident clergyman for this important place. Meantime occasional visits have been paid to it by variouB clergymen, and on the arrival of the Bev. E. T. Ash I was careful to send him thither on a visit, and to provide the populous mining township of Moonta with additional services. A resident minister should be settled at each as soon as possible. Much I credit is due to Bev. C. G. Tapiin for his minis- j terial services at Moonta. " Supply of Clergy.—From the above details it is evident that more missionary clergy are needed. I am in hopes that Mr. Dove's arrange ments made with three clergymen, in addition to I Mr. Ash, will not fall through. Their passage- [ money has been provided through the liberal grants of the Church of England Endowment Society. I must not omit to state that two visits have been paid by the Rev. Charles Morse during the last twelvemonth to Kangaroo Island. At Kingscote and American River he officiated, and administered the sacrament3. He reports favourable progress and improvement among the I children and elder population during the five j years in which he has visited the island. The mailboat passage across Backstairs I Passage is often rough, and sometimes' perilous. Mr. Morse had arranged on two 1 occasions to visit Editbburgh and Lower Yorke's Peninsula. On both unexpected hindrances arose which prevented him from accomplishing the visit. The west coast was visited last year by the Bev. W. Holden, of Poonindie, and it is; hoped that the Rev. Canon Farr will be able to repeat bis journey to Streaky Bay during the present year. The South-Eastern District has undergone considerable changes, tending, as in other parts, to shift the population. Lacepede Bay and tbe railroad to Narracoorte have half- , emptied Robe Town. The drainage works have gathered a considerable population on Mount Muirhead Flats; and the township of Millicent is j growing into a busy place. A railroad is pro jected from Mount Gambier to Rivoli Bay. An additional clergyman should be stationed id , this district. The Rev. F. Hceter finds full oecupatii n in Gambierton and its neighbour- I hood, while Mr. Marshall is over-worked with tbe charge of Narracoorte, Penola, Robe Town, and Lacepede Bay. " Training of Clergy.—Hie increasing demand for clergy in England through the division of parishes, the building of new churches, the multiplication of services, the extension of mis sionary labour among tbe heathen possession of Great Britain, tbe ampler provision also made for the payment both of curates and incr^mbents, have rendered it more difficult tbaii ever to procure from home a sufficient, supply of thoroughly-educated clergy and University men* Those of a different .stamp are not acceptable in _aa active-minded, intelligent, earnest population like oars. Inferior men are not wanted; superior men can with difficulty be got from England. We must* therefore* en deavour to educate ministers ourselves. ''Theological Students.—In order to encourage senous young men to fit themselves for the ministry various plans have been devised. It is ■ a part of the foundation of St. Peter's Collegiate School, m return for the grant of £2,500made by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, that rooms should be provided for four theo logical students. To help them in their education between 20 and 23, the age for the Diaconate, a pension of £50 per annum has been provided for three* who shall be ap proved by_ the Bishop. The first condition required is that they should have passed . 6 local Institute examination or the matriculation examination for the Melbourne University, or the examination for the Civil Service in England. Messrs. Spicer and Bussell have_ fulfilled their conditions, and are actual pensioners, receiving £50 per annum. Mr. bourne.*8 at the University of Mel TheologicalTutor.—In view of tr&iniDgyoung; men m theology, as candidates for Holy Orders, 1 applied to the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge to aid in the endowment of such a tutorship m connection with the Cathedral. By last mail I received the gratifying intelligence that a grant of £500 had been made on condi tion that a like sum was raised in the colony. The Church Endowment Society and the Attorneys of the Society for the Propa gation of the Gospel have generously' assisted me in this project, the former by Jorr? x> and the latter by one of ±A>U. Ky the outgoing mail I was able to announce to the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge Board the fulfilment of the con dition. There wfll then be Invested during the present year £1,000 for the stipend of a Theo logical Tutor to be appointed by the Bishop, oo far then as human means are concerned in the prospect of procuring from time to time young men as ministers for the service our Church is by no means hopeless. Let us, how ever, never forget that it is not ours to inspire *>1S. ne,ceKary longing for the spiritual work. The harvest is plenteous; the labourers are How is this deficiency to be supplied? Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest that He will thrust forth labourers into the har vest.' Then only can we hope for theological students or ministers 'full of faith and the Holy Ghost.' J It will be seen* then, from the foregoing summary that the labours, anxiety, cares* and exertions to keep the machinery of the Church at work, though with diminished numbers and increasing demands, have not been altogether unsuccessful, though far below the standard of true efficiency. There is, however, one point which I_ view with peculiar gratification, and which will be satisfactory to the clergy, as it is fu31 of hope for the true growth of the Church. The number of candidates confirmed from 31st March, 1874, to 1st April, 1875, was 456. 1 administered the rite in 26 churches, the more distant being Clare, Kooringa, Port Lincoln, Goolwa, Moontaj Glenburn. The total number exceeds the average of the last three years by 125\. I have also the satisfaction of stating that the reverent demeanour of the young people and their voluntary attendance at the Lord's table afterwards convinced me of the anxious and prayerful instruction which they had received at the hands of their respective clergymen. "In the history of the Church of England ja this colony during my episcopate of nearly 28 years I have often been reminded of that passage in the Prophet Zechariah, ch. v, "That the light shall not be clear nor dark—not day nor night but it shall come to pass that at evening tide it shall be light" (Zech. xiv. 6, 7). Light enough to cheer with hope, dark enough to demand watchfulness unto prayer with labour and perse verance. " 'Eveiy plant which my Father hath not planted shall be rooted up' is the irreversible doom of the unfruitful fig-tree. We have been spared hitherto; may the Dresser of the Vine yard dig about and prune our Church that it may bring forth more fruit. So shall it be to the praise of Bis grace and the saving of many souls. In the meantime I am looking for ward to that day when we may bring forth the top-stone of our Catnedral 'with shoutings;* but the building up of the spiritual Temple should be ever the first subject of our thoughts* and to build in lively stones into that edifice which is spiritually founded on the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief co'ner-stone." The Very Rev. Dean Russee moved :—"That the thanks of the Synod are due to His Lordship the Bishop for his valuable Pastoral Address and Report, which, with the Statistical Returns, when complete, be printed in the Report." He referred in terms of gratification to the nature of the Address, which was particularly appropriate to the times. The motion was seconded by Mr. G. W, Hawkes, and carried unanimously, OTHER REPORTS. The following Reports are published in a con densed form:— REPORT OF STANDING COMMITTEE. '* The Committee considered it desirable that a maximum rate of £15 and a minimum of £1 5s. should be fixed. They recommend that to raise this amount the assessment this year be eightpence per sitting let, or where no sittings are let, on the Stipend Fund, reckoning each £1 as a sitting let. They have prepared a table calculated on this basis, which will produce a revenue of £240 9s. 8d., proposing that the pro viding for the balance of £8 0s. 4d. or any further amount that may be occasioned by the con-payment of any assessment for by a possible excess in estimate of expenditure or by ex traneous aid. "Schedule C.—The following Churches are placed in Schedule C after June 30,1875, having been in Schedule A more than 16 years:—-St. Mark's, Penworthain; St. Mary's, Kooringa; St. Martin's, Campbelltown; St. Barnabas, Clare; St. Jude's, Port Elliot; St. John's, Salisbury. They recommend that the following Churches be placed in Schedule C after June 30, 1876;—St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln, 14£; St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond, 13|; St. Thomas's, Balhannah, 14i; not Chris tchurch, Kadina, being self-supporting; not All Saints, Moonta, being self-supporting. The only Churches that have appealed being St. Thomas's, Balhannah, and Christchurch. Kadina. "Synodal Expenses—They are happy to state that the assessment for 1874-75 has been sufficient to cover the expenditure and reduce the balance due at the end of last year from £30 to £13 10s., which amount they have borrowed from the Vacant Cures Fund. To attain this object they have obtained from the attorneys of S.P.G. the sum of £7 5s. Id. as a gift. They are happy to state that every Church assessed has paid excepting Salisbury. "Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund.—The trustees published a balance-sheet to June 30, 1874, in the last report, and now report progress. " Table ef Collections, &c.;—They furnish a table showing the amount received from each Church for the various funds and the amounts paid as grants in aid of clerical incomes:— Received. 1873-4. 1874-5. Synodal assessment ... £145 10 0 £190 0 0 Borne Mission 233 11 1 280 16 0 Mission to heathen ... -119 6 3 142 8 6 Paid— Grants in aid to clerical incomes ... ... 664 13 6 628 18 1 " Home Mission Fund.—They are happy to report an increase in the collections, and to show that they have paid the grant in aid of stipends at full scale. This has been effected for the:first time for many years by increase ef amounts col lected and by handsome contributions- from Lady Young and the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society, and also the special subscriptions received in answer to the Vicar-General's circular. " Mission to Heathen.—They are happy to call attention to the increase under this-head. They regret to observe that some Churches, have made no_ collections, although there is a con tinued slight improvement in the number of Churches contributing. They have divided that portion of the funds placed at their discretion equally between the Melanesian and Lacepede Bay Missions. " Endowment of Churches.—They report that no Churches have been endowed this year, but that the Incorporated Church of England Endow ment Society have now a sum available for that purpose. " Statistical Returns.—They regret that there has been more negligence than ever in sending the returns, and the insufficient manner in which fome of them are made up. The fact is, the Secretary has found it impossible to prepare a return up to the present tim9, the printer pointing out the difficulty (in the way of addi tional expense) that would result in making out a partial return; and they think it desirable 1 that this matter be considered by Synod." POONINDIE NATIVE INSTITUTION. Annual report of Mr. Hawkes to his co trustees for 1874:— " My numerous engagements have prevented me from making my annual visit of inspection during the year ending March 31,1874, I hope, i however* to he able to spare a week before Christmas. I have every reason ta be satisfied with the accounts I receive weekly, and the returns made by Messrs. Holdeg and Newland. /'The subject of most interest in connection with the Mission Station yuring the past year has ibeen the ordination of Mr* R, W, Holden as Deacon in March last. It has always been ' my wish thab-the Mission shonld be superin- li tended by a gentleman inHoly Orders. In con- I sequence of the severe attack of illness Mr. ' Holden suffered from last April, his medical ad- ! visers ordered test from wort and change of air. j Two months' leave of absence have been, there fore, granted to him. He purposes visiting the other colonies. A sum of money has been voted to enable him to do so. " The engagement of Mr. Wm. Blackmore as schoolmaster was necessitated from" the in creased number of natives at the Station, causing the time of Mr. Holden to be continually occupied with management business and keep ing accounts. _ The trustees are to be congratu lated on having secured in the person of Mr. Blackmore the services of one in every way qualified to discharge the duties assigned to him, and also to supply Mr. Holden's place during his absence. " The mission has been visited during the year by the Revs. V7. H. Sharp and Samuel Green, who, accompanied by an 4 Eleven' of the College boys, played a return match at cricket with the natives of Poonindie, whom, I am proud to say. were on this occasion the victors. I received very satisfactory accounts from both clergymen, who inspected the schools and held services in the Mission Church. TJ? ^ey. George Taplin, Superintendent of toe foint Macleay Mission, has visited the Station and remained there one week. His report is so gratifying to me that I add it to this as an appendix, as I feel it will be appreciated by aJl friends of mission work, coming as it does from one who has gained so much experience of tte character and habits of our aborigines. Mr. Taplin has lately published a valuable work on , .Tlistory, Manners and Customs, Language and Mythology of the Natives of the Lakes and Lower Murrayit is a useful and most inte resting production. I subscribed for six copies for our institution. 44 Appended is a paper giving the numbers and otter particulars relative to the natives living at the Station. s 44 The quantity of land that has been in culti vation at Poonindie up to March 31,1874, is 392 acres; cleared, grubbed, and ready for plough, 80 acres; land under crop with wheat in January last, 180 acres; land under crop for hay same date, 20 acres. There are 110 acres of land lyiDg m fallow, to be sown next year. The lambing for year ending March 31, 1873, was 84 per cent. 4,A statement of the accounts for the past So balance-sheet, shows a profit of /s. In conclusion I have only to add an expres sion of entire confidence in the zeal, ability, and good management in their respective depart ments of the Rev. O. Hammond, Rev R W Holden, and Mr. Watts Newland. I desire also to acknowledge the valuable services and hearty co-operation of Mrs. Holden in the work of the institution." 44 Statistics for Acting Trustee's Report of year ending March 31, 1874. There were 87 natives residing in the Insti tution on the 31st March, 1874Workmen and working lads on Farm and Station, 27; women more or less employed, 18; girls and female mfants, 26; boys and male infants, 16. Atten dance at day-school, 23; marriages during the 1births,_6 ; _baptisms, 7 children; ad nutted into ciio institution, 14 j native commu nicants, 30 ; boys left school for work, 8 ; white labourers employed, 3. Amount subscribed as tbank-offerings by the natives during the year, p .7. —Th W. Holden, Superintendent, "The Rev. H. J. Poole reported:—4Havin°r had the pleasure of spending a few days sit Poonindie, and been requested to examine and report upon the institution, I hand you the result of my inspection. I was gratified with what I saw, and have reason to believe that a great measure of success is being attained. I spent about 12 hours altogether in the examina tion of the school. I found 33 scholars in atten dance, of whom seven were male adults and the rest children—13 boys and 13 girls. All the *»» a 1/ gu lot Jt 1L LllH children attend school four hours a day, and I ateo, found 16 of (hem there in the evening during the time when the adults are there, i.e., for about an hour and a quarter. In religious knowledge I found the adults backward in their answers, though they were probably much more prcficient than they appear to be; but out of 19 children I found the majority exhibiting good evidence of careful instruction in a portion both of the Old and New Testaments. The Catechism has also been taught, m part at least, to some of the scholars. The children were generally clean and tidy in appearance, though a few had not their ha<r properly combed, and a few their clothing somewhat out of repair. The adults were also clean and tidy. The discipline seemed good, and the scholars appeared to regard their master, Mr. Blackmore, with proper esteem and respect. The general intelligence was Having examined the register I found the regularity of attendance satisfactory. I have only further to remark that I should like to bear of the younger scholars being taught mechanical employment. Sunday-school is held twice a day for a portion of the children and adults, and my remarks upon the religious knowledge were partly grounded upon an ex amination of the adult class In it. I believe that the Superintendent holds a Bible class for some of the adults. The attendance at the Sunday-school appeared by the register to be extremely satisfactory. The register showed the attendance both on Sundays and week days to be remarkably satisfactory. I administered. the Holy Communion early on Sunday to 14 natives, whom I also addressed in a short sermon. I also preached on a_week day evening and twice at the usual services on Sunday, and in a few parting words on the day I left. The behaviour of all was good, and their manner attentive. The singing did great credit to Mrs, Holden. I conceive the religious tone of the people as a whole to be good. It appears to me as if the judicious treatmentpursued, the regular life, and the amusements permitted and encou raged made the blacks much attached to the institution. It is my duty and pleasure to speak highly of Mr. Holden's efficiency as Chaplain and General Superintendent. I have formed the opinion that both he, Mr. Newland, and Mr. Blackmore are the right men in the right place.'" BEPOBT OF THE EDUCATION COMMITTEE. ' The Committee beg to repeat the request made by a former Education Committee, that the Lord Bishop would take into consideration the advisability of issuing a pastoral address on the need of establishing Church schools wher ever possible.—A Honneb. native mission, lacepede bat. 44 During the past year there has been an average attendance at the school of from eight to twelve children of ages varying from five to thirteen, of whom the Superintendent, lWiae Armttrong, gives a favourable report. During the year the school has been inspected by the Bev. W. F. Marshall, and also by the Acting Hon. Secretary, who found things ina satisfactory state. A Local Committee has been formed at Kingston, who will render to Miss Armstrong any advice or assistance, and by whom sub scriptions will probably be collected during the present year. In addition to the usual rations the Government have agreed to make an annual allowance of £20 for the puipose of buying butchers' meat, as it is absolutely necessary to the health of the children. During the year four children were sent to the Poonindie Institu tion. There are now two girls of from 16 to 18 years of age, who were educated in the school, who are anxious either to go to Poo nindie or to obtain situations in Adelaide. The balance-sheet shows that by the liberal assistance of the Trustees of the Poonindie Institution, the contributions from the several Churches, and the Government subsidy, with a few private donations, the funds have been. about equal to the expenditure, leaving only a small balance : against the Mission. There are at the present : time 11 children boarding at the school, who • are instructed in reading, writing, arithmetic, and geography, and are acquainted with con siderable portions of the Old and New Testa ments, in which they have daily, instructions, as well as the Church Catechism and hymns. The girls learn needlework, and the eldest assist in the household duties. The conduct of all is reported as good.—C. B. Young, Acting Hon. Sec." BEPOBT OF THE DESTITUTE CHILDREN COMMITTEE " This Committee beg to report that in their opinion the regulations for the management of destitute children contain nothing to prevent the Board acceding to the Bishop's request for the names and addresses of children registered as belonging to the Church of KnglanA an<i placed out under the auspices of the Board; and moreover that the regulations contain nothing to justify the Board's refusal to give them. They therefore beg ta recommend that a second, appli cation be made, and in the event of a similar reply being received that a petition be presented I to the House of Assembly, praying it to order a ? half yearly return to he made to the Lord Bishop. With regard to the special purpose for which this Committee was appointed, they beg to report that having held several meetings, and having carefully considered what steps are advi sable for establishing a Church Orphanage, thev are unable to suggest a practicable soheme for providing the necessary funds without further testing the feeling of Churchmen, and thev therefore recommend that a public meeting be convened to consider the question of establish ing a home for orphan and destitute children of the Church of England.—A. Honner." BEPOBT OF ELECTION COMMITTEE. 4 The Election Committee lay before von roll of Synod for the Sessio* W7C They lava received applications from St. John's, Maitland, to he represented in 8ynod, bat s i tis title is under the Real Property Act,anduot Tested in Synod, they cannot recommend that it he placed in the roll of churches entitled to send representatives to 8ynod. ."With reepect to All Saints', Moonta, some difficult has arisen. The old church was in union vnth Synod, bat really a new church has been erected on another piece of land in the Town of Moonta, the title of which is under the Real Property Act. By resolution of Synod no church can be admitted to repre sentation in cases where the land is under the Act, unlets the properly Is vested in Synod; but your Committee are informed that steps are being taken to at once transfer and vest the property in Synod, and therefore they recommend that the irregularity be not noticed at present, but that in the event of the land not being transferred before the Synodal meeting of 1876 the congregation be informed that ne Synodsman will be allowed, to represent such Church. There is also a little irregularity in the fact that no formal separation of the united Parish of Kadina, Wallaroo, and Moonta has taken place.—A. Russell, Chair man." MELANESIA!*" MISSION. "The Treasurer of the Melanesian Mission reported that a sum of £224 12s. 6d., inclusive of £10 from Perth, Western Australia, had been collected during the year ending April 21,1875. The nTinna.1 report of the Mission for 1674 had been received from Auckland and circulated among the clergy and subscribers in it. A very interesting and full account was given of the progress of the Mission." ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The following officers were elected:—Trea surers—Messrs. H. Dutton and A. Spence; Auditors—Messrs. H. D. Cruttenden, and H. H, Thomas. Standing Committee—Tke Very Rev. the Dean, the Yen. Ike Archdeacon, the Revs. S. Green, W. B Andrews, T. Field, H. M. Pollitt, C. W. Morse, the Hon. A. Blyth, Dr. Gosse, Messrs. G. W. Hawkes, C. B. Young, F. Wicksteed, W. Barlow, H. D. Cruttenden, N. Oldham, H. E. Downer, J. W. Downer, A. Spence, G. W. Sillifant, H. Dutton, F. Balcomb; Assessors—The Rev. the Dean, Archdeacon Marryat, Canon Coombs, the Revs. S. Green, W. B. Andrews, and C. W. Morse ; Messrs. C. B. Young, A. Spence, G. A. Connor, G. W. Sillifant, S. C. Pearson, and G. E. DeMole. Church Advocate—Mr. Wm. Barlow; Representatives to General Synod—The Very Rev. the Dean, the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, the Rev. S. Green, and Messrs. W. Barlow, C. B. Young, and EL E. Downer. MEMBERSHIP OF SYNOD. On the motion that the report of the Election Committee for 1875 be adopted, The Rev. S. Green moved an amendment that the portion of the report referring to St. Duke's be referred to the new Committee upon the ground that two of the Synodsmen were not in full communion. The Secretary stated that in the return seat In by Mr. Pollitt the word " full" had been struck out. The Rev. S. Green thought it was a grave offence for any clergyman to take upon himself to alter the terms which described the legal manner in which a thing should be dene. The amendment was carried. ADOPTION OF REPOBTS. Mr. F. Wicksteed moved—" That the reports of the Standing Committee and Missionary, Education, and Destitute Children Committees be received, taken as read, and published in report." Carried. Mr. Wicksteed moved—" That the balance sheet of the Treasurers of Synod for the year ending Easter, 1875, and theprogress account of the Trustees of .the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund be received, adopted, and published in report." Carried. Mr. Wicksteed moved—"That the thanks of Synod be given to the attorneys of the S.P.G., the Trustee of Allen's P. A. Fund, the Trustees of the Poonindie Native Institution, the Com. mitteesof the Church of England Endowment Society, the Melanesian Mission, LacepedeBay Native Mission, and the Diocesan Library for their reports and statistical returns, and that tkev be received and published in the report." Carried. Mr. Wicksteed moved—"That the assess ment for Synodal expenses be as proposed by the Standing Committee." Dean Rcbsell moved as an amendment— " That the Synod does not agree to that por tion of the Standing Committee's report which imposes a scheme of assessment fcr the ensuing year, based on the principle of rating on sittings let.' The Rev. F. S. Poole seconded. The Very Rev. the Dean advocated an alter native scheme, based upon a general estimate of the capabilities of eaoh congregation. After some discussion the amendment was negatived. An amendment by the Dean, striking cut the maximum, was agreed to. A proposal by Mr. S. C. Pearson, to reduce the assessment on St. Jude's, Brighton, to the former rate, was negatived, and the motion carried with the addition of the words " for the present year only." EDITING REPORTS. On the motion of Mr. Wicksteed, the Rev. F. S. Poole, Messrs. G. W. Hawkes and A. Spence were appointed a Committee to edit the reports of Synod, with the instruction to incur as little expense as possible. CHURCH PROPERTY. Leave was granted to Mr. Wicksteed to bring in a measure " That in the case of congregations seeking to send representatives to Synod the land whereon the church stands being under the provisions of the Real Property Act, it shall be absolutely necessary that the certificate of title be in the name of * The Synod of the Church of England in the Diocese of Adelaide, Incor porated.' " The House having gone into Committee, the Rev. Mr. Morse, although he thoroughly agreed in the spirit of the resolution, thought it was unwise to make it imperative, as some Churches which had their property vested in the Bishop and several trustees would rather have it remain so. Mr. H. E. Downer said the measure would not affect cases where there were already trust deeds; but in case of land under the Real Pro* perty Act there was no recognition of trusts, and great difficulty might be occasioned. The Rev. Canon Farr pointed out that the same difficulty had arisen in regard to country Institutes, and a Bill was passed to set the* matter right in a similar way to what the Synod proposed. His Lordship said he thought it a most alarming state of affairs that churches held under the Real Property Act might bo sold without the know ledge of the persons to whom the property really belonged. The resolution was agreed to, and made a "regulation non-fundamental." AID TO CHURCHES. On the motion of Mr. Wicksteed, the fol lowing Churches were placed in Schedule C.after June 80:—St. Thomas's, Fort Lincoln; St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond. EDUCATION. The Rev. A. Honneh moved—" That the scheme for the formation of a Board of Edu cation in connection with the Church of England as drawn up by a late Committee (see report, VoL III., p. 14, May, 1872) be adopted, and that a Committee be now appointed to make the necessary arrangements for the carrying out of the scheme." They all were aware that the instruction of the children was one of the most important things they could take in hand, and in order that it might be done he proposed the resolution. He hoped yet to see St. Peter's School in connection with the Synod. His Lordship said he did not like to be anta- - gonistic to the object Mr. Honner had In view;. but the scheme, he thought, was beyond the Church. In the new Areas, particularly, the want'of schools was greatly felt, and although the residents in a locality could raise £100 or £150 .they could not raise the whole sum. He waited anxiously to see what the new public education system would be, and thought it very likely that the feeling which had been mani fested so strongly in England and Scotland might react upcn the view in favour of seoularity put forward here. Dr. Gosse agreed with the spirit of. the motion; but on the ground of expediency pre ferred to wait and see the result of - the con . sideration which would undoubtedly be given to ' the education question in the coming Parlia ment. Me moved the previous-question. The Rev, Mr. Houghton- said the. scheme, would if it was worth anything cost thousands, of pounds, and he thought it would be quite, impracticable. He seconded the previous ques ' tion. Mr. Honner withdrew;his motion. DE6TITUTE.UHILDREN. The Rev. A. Honner moved—"That a. second application bs made to the Chairman, of the Destitute Board for returns, of Church of England, children adopted or boarded out, or sent out to service from any of the Government institutions^ be sent to the Lord Bishop; and that in tbs event of a refusal a. petition he presented to the House of Assembly, praying it ta order & half-yearly return to be made to thft Bishop." It might be thought by many that he had taken an undue interest in the children, hut when he saw ho.« lukewarm a feeling there was in the Synod, for the welfare of the children generally he tjaought he was quite justified in his stubborn Proceedings. (A laugh.) Every effort had.been 'made to allow the Bishop to_ have the names of Church of England children furnished to him, in order , that they might be ministered to by their religious guardians, but it was refused. Why it was refusedso per sistently was more than he could understand. " He therefore moved the motion. He thought Uiere was nothing so fesrfal as the fact that these poor children were debarred the privi leges of their religion, being tent as they were perpetually to several people of different religions in a year, so that the children's idea of Christianity oecam'e thoroughly jumbled, and tbey very often lost "tfeeir names. (Laughter.) He spoke to one little-girl at the Orphanage by her original name, and she did not know it. He , maintained "that "was not the sort of treat- j ment they ought to have, and hence he moved j the notion. . , phn Rev. 'Canon Farb said the motion implied an application by the Bishop, to which there xnighttiaTe been a- reply accompanied by reasons for non-compliance, and that no slight was intended. If the Bishop wished a second appli cation to be made, and wished the support of Bynod, he should be happy to lend him all the support Synod could give. On the other hand, unless the Bishop asked it, he thought it would be unwise to carry a resolution to ask Parlia ment for what he was sure they would never give—namely, an order to a Government officer to make a return half-yearly to a person not a Government officer. (Hear, hear.) If Synod was to do anything at all in this matter, let it act with the greatest consideration, and not so ; as to get unnecessarily snubbed. (Hear, hear.) His Lordship read the reply which was sent him from the Education Board promising to give the names of children to be boarded out in future, in order that the clergy might name : persons whom they considered suitable to take charge of the children, and so assist the object of the Board. All who knew anything of work house life would rejoice and thank God for the new system which had been set on foot giving the children the advantage of family associa-; lions. They could not expect the Government • to do more than they had promised, because if; they gave a return to him they would be bound ! to give it to the representatives of other religous bodies also, and he hoped no such application as - that proposed would be made. He thought that; the Government had 'fairly met their claim. The Rev. S. Green stud if the Education Com-; mittee had 'known His Lordship did not consider the letter a slight they would probably not have recommended what they had done. (Hear, hear.) Dean Russell said that although at first suspicious of the action of the Board, he had from later experience become quite satisfied as to the manner in which the system was carried out. The Rev. Mr. Houghton, who had acted as guardian for several children, also expressed his entire approval. The Rev. Mr. HONNER replied, stating his opinion that the boarding-out system was not the best for South Australia, and that children suffered by being removed from the Asylum, where they had the best teaching and were pro perly cared for. The motion was negatived by a large majority. MAITLAND AND MOONTA. On the motion of the Rev. S. Green, All Saints', Moonta, and St. John's, Maitlaud, were declared a united parish, and a Committee appointed to define the boundaries and recom mend the same to Synod. The Synod adjourned at 10 o'clock till next day at 3. The adjourned meeting of the Synod took place at the Church Office on Wednesday, April 28, the Lord Bishop presiding. There was a large attendance of clergy and lay members. ELECTION OF SYNODSMEN. The Election Committee reported that the Teturn from the minister of St. Luke's, Adelaide, was not in accordance with the fundamental provisions, as the only persons qualified to be elected as Synodsmen were persons in full com munion with the Church of England. The minister of St. Luke's in making his return had struck out the word " full." According to evidence submitted the Committee decided that Messrs. V. Lawrance and E. Cooke were not communicants, and therefore not qualified to be elected as Synodsmen. With regard to Mr. Fox, as there was no evidence that he was a person in full communion they could not certify that he was a person qualified to be elected as Synodsman. They therefore recommended that the names of those gentlemen be removed from the Synodal roll, and that the proper steps be taken to fill up the vacancies. With respect to St. Peter's, Robe, they reported that there was no evidence that any Synodsman had been duly elected. Dean Russell moved "That the report of the Election Committee be received aud adopted," It was very desirable that what was the law on the subject should be enforced and established. He did not wish to say anything disrespectful of the Rev. Mr. Pollitt, but must expresB his surprise that he, knowing what had occurred before, did not announce to his Vestry what was the qualification. Dr. Chambers was returned some years ago from the same Church under similar circumstances, and when the matter was brought up at Synod at once retired, stating that he was not in fuil com munion and was not aware that such a qualifica tion was required. Therefore he was surprised the present difficulty should have arisen. The Rev. J. Pollitt explained that when he signed the paper he asked the verger whether those gentlemen were commuui cants, because when a person came to communicate for the first time he did not always look him in the face. The verger kept a record. In the old forms the Synodsman only had to state that he belonged to the Church of England. There was nothing about full com munion. He did not understand what one fourth or one-half communion could be. If a man was willing to give his services to the Church, and Ehowed his fitness by constant attendance at the Church for years, he thought that was sufficient. He was rather doubtful whether Mr. Lawrance had not been in com munion before, but " full communion" was non sense, and so he put his pen through it. His Lordship—Then I beg to say you broke the compact. The Rev. Mr. Pollitt said that he would cot dispute, but when a man had been baptized and become a member of Christ he thought that was sufficient. His Lordship said if Mr. Pcllitt gave notice of motion to alter the fundamental provisions they could argue the matter, but they could not now. The Rev. Mr. Pollitt said he would not argue the question. His Lordship believed there was but one feeling in Synod that the gentlemen in question were respectable members of the Church of England, and when they were in full communion no doubt Synod would hail their presence. (Hear, hear.) Mr. G. W. HaweeB said it ought to be known that the Synod felt sympathy with the gentle men who-had undertaken the duty of attending Synod, and had been placed in a painful position .©wing to no fault of their own. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Pollitt, on being asked if-Mr. Fox was ■so communion, replied that he believed he was, ■but could not say. Bis Lordship said he did not think they were inclined to doubt that Mr. Pollitt aetoi purely m mistake, but it was clear that he had altered the return to Synod by striking out the word ".full," and that, he thought, he was not justified in doing. (Hear, hear.) The report was adopted. home mission fund. Dean -Russell moved, and the Rev. E. T. Howell - seconded, "That it is desirable that the effort made to obtain a body of annual sub scribers to the Home Mission Fund should be austained-and extended." The motion was sup ported by several speakers, and carried. STATISTICAL! RETURNS. The -Rev. T. Field moved, and Mr. C. B. Young seoonded-— " Whereas great -inconve nience -has <been for several years experienced /owing .to -negligence in .sending in statistical returns,-it is expedient that a Select Committee of Synod be appointed to investigate the causes of -such negligence, -by leave -of Synod; such Committee -to consist of the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, the Rev. W. B. Andrews, Messrs. C. B. Young, A.-Spence, and the mover." Carried. MOONTA ANZ>-MAITLAND. A report of the Committee appointed to define the boundaries of this parish was_ brought up and 'referred to the Standing Committee. ST. THOMAS'S, POfisT - LINCOLN. Mr. Gosling brought-under notice the case of EL Thomas's, Port Lincoln, and moved that the resolution putting-th6 church in -Schedule C be reconsidered, and it -be not-placed in Schedule C. it was pointed out thait although a'd was received 14$ years ago it bad been stopped for a period since, and the district befeg very poor the aid could hardly be dispensed with. Dr. "Weld seconded. The Rev. Mr. Hammond supported the motion in the -interact of his successor in the cure. The resolution was carried. UNFINISHED BUSINESS. The usual resolution was carried that all irum jaess undisposed of be referred to the Standaag Committee. The Bishop then declared the Syncd pro- i rqgued, and pronounced the benediction. ! Our Governor in Victoria.—His Excellency ir William Stawell, the Acting- Governor, and [is Excellency Mr. Musgrave, Governor of outh Australia, accompanied by their respsc ve suites, visited Sandhurst yesterday, says is Argus of Friday last, And were shown by ime .members of the City Council over the iustlei 'b and Koch's Pioneer Mihes. The party ferwr rds took luncheon together fit the Sham ick Hotel, SOUTH AUSTRALIAN YIGNEBONS' CLUB. A special meeting of this Club was held at the Clarence Hotel on Wednesday, April 23. fourteen members attended, and the Rev. Dr. Bleasdale, of Melbourne, and Dr. Gosse were also present. Hie President, Mr, R. D. Ross, wedded. The PEESiDENT explained that the meeting was called in order to meet Dr. Bleasdale, who would speak to them upon several questions of interest to the winegrowers of the colony. The chief object was to enlist their interest with regard to the Melbourne Exhibition in August next, and. also in the Philadelphia Exhibition of 1876\. Dr. Bleasdale would also bring under their notice the probability of his visiting Europe towards the close of this year, and it might be well for the Association to take into considera tion the desirability of endeavouring to enlist his services in travelling through Spain during the vintage, and collecting information, especially about the manufacture of sherries. Dr. said he was in Adelaide on the affairs -of the Exhibitions in Melbourne and Philadelphia. The Secretary of the Victorian Commission was instructed to communicate with the Commissioners in Philadelphia upon the subject of the sale of colonial wines at that place, and a' favourable reply approving the proposition was received, although as to details nothing was said. The importance of this to the wine interest of this colony and Victoria could hardly be over-estimated, because the markets of North America especially were just such as our pure wines would suit, and the climates of some parts being very cold the South Australian wines would be likely to show very well indeed. They bad no need to be jealous of one another in cases of this kind, because if all Australia together were to start planting vines all the wine they could produce during the next 20 years would be but a drop in the ocean in such-a large population as that of America. In order to give effect therefore as far as possible to these views the Victorian Commission applied, as he had said, for permission, to sell wines in the Philadelphia Exhibition; for experience had told him and many others that the mere exhibi tion of bottles of wine in a show case-practically amounted to nothing, except it be to spoil a certain quantity of the wine itself by exposing it alternately to heat and cold, especially as the bottles had to stand cork upwards. When the exhibits of wine were to be sent to London he had his way to a certain extent, and instead of exhibiting _ the wine they exhibited the bottles filled with coloured fluid, with proper labels and all information. He might say that Victoria had adopted the South Australian label of 1866-7. The bottles were filled with coloured fluid—oare being taken that nothing should go in that would poison any one—and it was no small portion of his amusement to see people putting the bottles down, turning them over, and'remarking upon their beautiful condition. (Laughter.) To exhibit wine to advantage it must be shown in such a way that it would appeal to the palate, and that was what they proposed to do in Phila delphia. It was desired that the wines of all the colonies should be shown in this way, and he was sure that the wine show would be far the most attractive of the Australian exhibits, if not of the whole Exhibition. That being settled, they wanted to try a preliminary experiment at Melbourne, and sell wines during the Exhibition there in August. The conductors of the Exhi bition had taken the supply of colonial wines to the public entirely into their own hands, and they were willing to sell any others that might come. They would be subject to that ugly duty which was imposed. What was left might be disposed of -in any way the owners thought proper, or returned to South Australia. This would be the first time that an assemblage of South Australian wines had been brought before the Victorian public, although a few knew a good deal about them. Since he had been here he' had seen such specimens of wine that he had never seen before in South Australia. Some of White's old wines could not be surpassed in the world, and he had tasted other wines which he had not thought existed at all. He would not enter into the views of a few of the miserable Victorian vignerons, who thought they were going to be ruined by any body else's wines coming into the market, and who thought, stupid people, that by putting on a duty of 4s. per gallon they would keep them ©ut. Mr. Gillard had told him that he sent as much of his wine to Victoria under the 4s. duty as he did when it was only 3s., and there was no doubt that if people wanted the wine, they would buy it whatever the price was. What he wanted was that the people might be turned into a wine-drinking community, and this beastly drunkenness, which had, he was glad to say, abated in Melbourne, put an end to, and he did not think there could be a better time tban now for introducing colonial wiu9, for there was at present a great down upon colonial beer, and not a bit too soon. He could hardly go into his room without turning over mementoes of ladies and gentlemen, particular friends of his, who had lost their lives through that cursed colonial beer. It produced a craving, and although it did not necessarily intoxicate it killed. As a minister of religion it was his duty to see amoral, sober, and healthy people; but that would never be the case till people made a proper use of God's gifts. He believed it was a perfectly irrefutable fact that whatever a country produced in perfection was intended to be used in that country for the health and comfort of God's creatures. You could net grow grapes in England and make wine there, but there were other things that could be brought to perfection, and he believed that wine was peculiarly the drink of these semi-tropical countries. He was utterly free from any narrow views, for he did not care where an article came from if it was good and wholesome and would promote the health of the community. It was as yet uncertain whether he would go to Europe this year. The matter was mooted here in 1868, and he was asked if he would entertain the idea of trying to get out of the Spaniards those secrets, whatever they were— for there was something we had Dot yet _found out—for making sherries. There were in this colony the grapes, the climate, and all the other conditions he knew of, and what was wanted was a little something that had not yet been attained in making or managing, so that the result would be the article we called sherry. That there was a lot of mystification about it there was no doubt, as all sherries were blended wines. When a blend once caught the popular taste it could be produced for ever, so that knowledge upon this .question was particularly important. He did not think that any one but a priest, possessing a knowledge of wine and the mechanical contrivances used in its production, could obtain the desired knowledge, for the. Spaniards, unlike the Portuguese, were a silent people. They were as different from some nations as a Scotchman from an Irishman. If a Scotchman had a secret all the whisky in Scotland would not get it out of him, while the first glass would get it out of an Irishman unless he had done something very serious—such as killing his mother. (Laughter.) If be went to Spain he would work through the bishops and the priests, and having a thorough knowledge of the language he might manage to get the desired information, but it was not certain. He would not need to ask many questions, as he could make his own observations. Of course there would be some expense going across. Spain would be out of his way, and he would have to.make himself at home and agree able to the people he came across. He was held in very little estimation by the winegrowers in Victoria because they thought he was insane about introducing South Australian wines. Considering that be was the first to write upon the question of colonial wines, they might have made him an honorary member of their Society; but not a bit of it— *' He-wants to bring South Australian wines into Victoria" -was their cry. But.it was no matter to him. He would go on in his own way whether they liked it or not. He wanted to see the people a wine- drinking people, and then he believed they would be a tolerably moral, and certainly a sober people. The Peesident said it would be of the utmost advantage if Dr. Bleasdale's services could be secured for a visit to Spain; but as his plans were immature he did not think that the Club could take any immediate action. He thought, however, that they might come to the conclu sion that should the Doctor determine to go to Europe they would try to induce the Govern ment to secure his services, with a view of his inspecting the vineyards of Spain and also Por tngal, and reporting upon the manufacture of vines there. It might be said " Why should not Victoria.secure his services?" but the reply was that our climate was nearly assimilated to that of Spain, and if we succeeded in making any wines of a European character they would be like those of Spain, while the Victorian wines would be more like those of France and Ger many. A Commission was now sitting about the Philadelphia Exhibition, and an expression of opinion from the Club would strengthen their hands. Dr. Bieasdais here mentioned that whatever wines w'ere sent -Lome should be sent without any special fortification to enable them to stand the journey. Mr. E. W. Weight thoughtthat South Austra lian winegrowers owed a deep debt of gratitude to Dr. Ringerfflle tor the great interest he hai always taken in then.1 wines. He had done them that justice which h.id been denied them by most others. He hoped, therefore, they would do all they could to aid h£® in reference to the Melbourne and Philadelphia Exhibitions, and with regard to his projected vlVit to Europe. He thought that, as South Australians, we had been too much in the habit of keeping ourselves in » corner, and so far as he was able to see, a man who did not blew his own trumpet was not much appreciated by those who blew theirs. (Laughter.) He was much obliged to the Doctor for the idea of sending exhibits to America. They had hitherto looked to England, where there were a host of prejudices to over come, for a market, and perhaps they had been looking to the wrong place. He thought they would be justified in going to the Government for assistance. Theirs was the only interest which the Government did not assist. The Hon. J. Ceozieb, M.L.C., thought it was their own fault that they had not obtained. assistance from the Government, as he had no doubt it would be given if asked for. He thought a great deal of damage had been done to the wine interest in the mindB of the people by the bad deleterious stuff sold at the wine shops. Small vineyards were now passing out of cultivation, and he considered that a great loss to the country, because a large amount of labour had been spent upon tbem. Their failure was not the fault of the country or the wines, but was attributable to ignorance. Mr. T. JJaedt agreed with Mr. Crozier that they themselves were answerable for not having received assistance from the Government. He looked upon the idea of Dr. Bleasdale going to Spain and Portugal as a most important one. They had been losing their time for years past for want of a little information which a few : hundreds judiciously laid out might have brought years ago. A few men from'these countries were wanted, and no one would be better able to induoe a few of the right sort to come out than Dr. Bleasdale. The President said that one reason for asking help from Government would be that Dr. Bleas dale would be more likely to be successful if he were armed with the power of the Government than if he went merely as the delegate of the winegrowers. Dr. Gosse spoke briefly in reference to the improvement in colonial wines during the past few years, and said that for his own consumption he -preferred the produoe of the colony to any thing imported. On the motion of Mr. E. W. Weight, seconded by Mr. W. Jacob, it was resolved— " That this Association pledges itself to render all the assistance in its power to ensure the proper representation of South Australian wines in Melbourne in August next, and in Phila delphia in 1876." It was then also unanimously resolved that a hearty vote of thanks be awarded to Dr. Bleas dale, and that he be made an honorary and corre sponding member of the Club. Dr. Bleasdale, in responding, said that he had lived in Portugal, where a bottle of wine cost only 2d., and a bottle of brandy, 20 over proof, 5d., and only on one man did he ever see anything like an approach to drunkenness. He con sidered the substitution of colonial wine for beer and spirits the shortest way to morality and sobriety. The proceedings then closed. 