Jffit tnh Pumar A Bear Spot.— The Northern pole. ' * : Pateroal Arches. — The ' old man's' corns. Another Hint— 'No cards' ia what a Yankee gambler attached to his wedding notice. \- What ought a skipper to do after weathering a gale? — Why, thank his (e)tara. fPtia -yii-1 wTia ooiii ** ITon^ mna ntw fait' *t**vm ' is supposed to have believed in ghosts. A North Carolina paper contains an adver tisement of ''the great American house* movisfc.'. , A druggist not famed for 'his beaufcrhas.a hopeful son who, a neighbor affirms, has nis father's 'liminents.' One Better. — Gentleman (calling- at the honse of a lady frien ):'Is your mistress in?' Mary: -'She is, but.' Gentleman :7' ' Is she engaged ?' Mary : 'Faith, she's snore nor that ; she's married.' - A Heavy Cook.— A New York paper has the following amoEg its marine 'notices :— The schooner Albatross was wrecked on the coast of Newfoundland on the 11th instant, the Captain swimming achore, and the female cook also, ahe being insured for fifteen thousand dollars, and heavily laden with iron.' 'Will vou nlease insert this obitu&rv; notice?' writes a correspondent to the editor of a paper. ' I make bold to ask it, becapse I know the deceased had a great many friends ?whoM^e glad to hear M his death.' . ' Will you have it rare or well done ? ' said a landlord to an Irishman, as he was carving a piece of roast beef. ' I love it well done ever since I am in this oonnthry — for it was rare enough we used to ate it in Ireland,' said ?Darby. - , ' We cannot,' writes a shrewd contemporary, ''impress too strongly upon all correspondents, when in doubt whether the postage of a letter is a penny or twopence the force of the old proverb, 'Two heads are better thau one.' ' _ A Western journal says that in a Chicago library a book on 'self- culture' never got a reader. The librarian had it rebound and re christened it 'AYounK?.taa on his Muscle.' and anxious readers had to wait for we_ekabefore they could get it. ; . . An Irishman onboard a ship was ordered by -tmetrf the officers te go below asd fetoh a jag of water jostas the ship was about to sail. T.he ~man hesitated, to go, because, aa ke s-id, the vesBel being abeutr to sail, he was afraid he should be left behind. Pope, dining once with Frederick. Prinee of Wales, paid the Prince many compliments, ' I wonder, Pope,' said the Prince, ' that you, who are so severe on kings, should be so com plaisant to me.' ' It is,' returned the wily bard, ' because I like the lion before his da^ws are grown.' 'I say,' said a Bohemian to a friend whom he.iad just run against in the street, 'lend me a sovereign. I'm awfully hard up.' ** My dear fellow;' returned the other, drawing one from his pocket ' this ia my very last.' 'Well,' said the first Bpeakef, seizing the coin greedily, ' I'm all the more grateful to you for it.' Hogg, the' Bttrick Shepherd, happened to be *-~ — ?»— — wu UU&U.V1.; UTCA.U V«£ Ot UaUgUKCl UL k?U William Drysdale. She was a charming young lady, unaffected, affable, and clever. To some remark which he made, she replied — ' You're a funny man. Mr. Hogg ;' upon which he instantly rejoined — ' And ya're a nice lassie. Miss Drys d-i'e. Nearly all girls are like a bundle of pens cat by the' same machine— ye're not of the bundle. ' '^A Boston artist, who txcela as an anima painter, uaw as hi was passing through one -of the rural to was of Massachusetts, a very ani mated-looking bulL Thinking he should like to 'take' him on cmvas, he got permission of the -owner, aa hunest old farmer, and in due time produced an excellent likeness of the bull, which be sold for two hundred dollars. On seeing the-: farmer soon after, he told him he had sold toe picture of bis bull for two hun dred dollars. ''Good gracious,' said the old man ; ' why, I would luxe sold the ball for kM than that!' The Orkney Herald give* an amuslngacijauni; of v.aa incident -which occurred in the parish [lurch of Birsay some time ago. During the ringing of the first psalm a goose entered the church, and quietly '/waddled' up the passage towards the pulpit, just as the precentor bad got out of the tone and almost come to a stand still — ajaot very unusual occurrence. Tee ml- , nister, observing the goose, leaned over the side V of the pulpit, and, addressing the church officer, saifl »- Hr—, put jrafcjthe goose. That func tionary, act observing the presence of the feathered parishioner, and* supposing that the minister's direction had reference to the pre- cen|or, marched up to that individual, and, to the no small amusement of the nfeagre congre gation, collared him, saying at the same time, ' Oome out 6- that fallow i * : The boys of Pittsburghave held a mass meet ing and resolved-— ' We will go ia swimming whenever we darned please, and won't come any extra shenanigan about getting our hair dry to ^ sell the' folks at; home, and that we will have shirts to wear, so that the big fellows won't laugh at- us when we ara undressing ;' that ' we are willing to do the square thing to our parent, but ain't out for tending babies, and we won't do any labar about home that does not properly come within boy's sphere, and not that f it interferes with the hours of play, which health demands boys should have, viz., between 7 o'clock in the a.m. and 9 in the p.m., with necessary intermission for meals ; that straps and,taws, nor cowhides, nor slippers will have any effect in this rebellion. If they try that game it will be good-bye John for errand?, and we shall ever pray. That's the kind of hairpins we are,11 Among the bravest and most energe'io of the Silesian noblemen, who gave trouble to Frederick the Great of Prussia was Baron Lieben. Once upon a time a crowd of riotous peasants came to the.Baron's castle ef Falconberg, making the most outrageous demands, threatening to born, kill, and lay waste if their demands wete not complied with. The nobleman retired to Mb armorial chamber, and directed that the deputa tion should be admitted. The aggressive pea sants, to the number of 50 or more, well heated with liquor, entered the room, and, when they were all in, the Baron shut the heavy oaken doer and looked it, and threw the key out tttrnnoli ilia nnan vinitnw- T-jftT- tin nafc dawn Upon his sofa, with a powder-barrel at ^t his elbow, and, taking from his mouth the well-lighted cigar which he had been smoking, he exclaimed, in tones of dire and dieadful wrath, ' Miscrea&ts;, if you do not im mediately go dowa upon your knees and ask my pardon, and then go out at yonder window, I will apply my cigar to this barrel of powder, and we will all go to destruction together !' The effect was magical. The peasants knew the old warrior too well to think of doubting the truth of his diabolical threat. Down they went upon their knees, sobered enough to ask his pardon, and then they went out at the window, aftez the key, much preferring the risk of bjury from the leap to remaining in tho ^ neighborhood of that dreadf al magazine, with ' the lighted cigar of the Baron Lieben in such terrible juxtaposition. 