FURNISHING AS A FINE ART. At length you have the house to yourselves ; the workmen have gone, and the carrier's, cart no longer spends hours at your door. There perhaps remain the smell of the straw in which the furniture was packed, and the. stickiness of the varnish with which it was so plentifully coated ; but these will pass off, and at last your house is your own. It is fitted with furniture — suitable or unsuitable — a ' joy for ever,' or perchance a cause of undying hatred ; but there it is, and there it must, we apprehend, remain. You are' saddled with it, as Sinbad. was with the Old Man of the Sea ; you have raised for yourselves dozens of Franken- - stems — ghost-like chairs, demon cabinets, and spectre side board ; and you cannot, except by some terrible process of incantation, spirit your possessions away. You would in deed, 'rather bear the ills you have than fly to others that you know not of.' Your present furniture may not be all that you could wish ; but you have got it, and that is some thing. Therefore it is that your connection with it is likely to be permanent, and therefore the first choice of it is a matter of grave concern ; and there are other considerations to invest the process of furnishing with considerable im portance. In view of these several points, we welcome gladly aa able fiaper on the art of furnishing in this month's number of the Cornhill Magazine. The subject has been admirably treated, and, if in somewhat too scientific a fashion, the general principles indicated can be easily supplemented by more practical details ; while the whole article contains so much sound sense that it deserves more than a passing reference in these columns, which are especially devoted to the interests of house-wives and house-masters in general. What should people do, then, when they are called upon to furnish a house h In this question of course lies the gist of the matter. At first sight the answer seems simple in the extreme — those who run, or, for the matter of that, who sit, or walk, or lie down, may read. Clearly, according to advertisements, the only thing to do is to go to Messrs. A. B. C, or Mr. X. Y. Z., and let them fit you out from roof -tree to cellars. They can do it in half-a-dozen hours : drawing-room, library, kitchen, nursery, bedroom, scullery, with linen, glass, carpets, crockery, blinds, choice vintages, China ornaments, nothing omitted, nothing that is not in exquisite taste — so they tell you — and all on the easiest of temie. Surely this is a simple solution of what seemed a difficult question ? Undoubtedly; if we desire only to save ourselves trouble. But what if we have certain artistic cravings of our own ; what if our hearts sigh for things which are really good and beautiful ? Can these too be sup plied, as it were by the yard, by wholesale upholsterers ? Hardly ; and here'let us protest, par parcnthiisc, that we have no desire to depreciate or underrate the efforts of many excellent and enterprising upholsterers who have of Lite years made great strides ahead in catering to the public taste — we -would only hint that in some respects they are still far behind. If furnishing hascome atlength to occupy an honourable though humble -position among the arts, it is due more to the interest taken by persons artistically in clined, who have superintended their furnishing transactions themselves, than to the aesthetic aspirations of the up holsterers. The latter, as- the writer in the Cornhill sagely observes, are but tradesmen, who make to sell; and they cannot be expected, simply from a love of art, to go out of their way to manufacture articles of superior artistic ex cellence, when others inferior and more easily produced will sell equally as well. By-and-bye, it may be, when tradesmen, in deference to the demands of a purchasing public which has greatly improved in good taste, turnout only that which -will be acceptable to such good taste, the upholsterers may be fairly entrusted with carte blanche. Till then, as the writer in the Cornhill advises, people who would furnish their houses artistically had better do it for themselves. Wherever success in these days has been ob tained, it has been more through the good taste of the owners than of those with whom they dealt. It is because the paper of which we are speaking seeks to guide the operations of those who will take the matter into tbeir hands that it becomes valuable and commends itself to our readers. One of the first considerations in the choice of farniture is neither its beauty nor its rarity, but its effect in some particular spot. In purchasing this or that article we should remember where it is to stand, and its probable relative bearing with its surroundings. Any of us, when we get accustomed to a house, must be ready to admit that rooms vary endlessly- in their conditions, even in two houses run up on precisely the same pattern. The light falls differently, the out-look is not thetame, we have some special arrange ment of our own, or some peculiar furniture which alto gether changes the mise en scene. This variety is one of the strongest arguments against the purchase of the stereotyped class of furniture, pieces of which are made by the dozen. A certain cabinet may do in this room, but not in that ; a massive book-case may do in an empty space, but in a more crowded room it overpowers and kills every thing else. Another consideration, certainly not less important than its effect, is the usefulness of furniture — its suitableness, so to speak, for the ends for which it is de signed. This cannot be too muchinsisted upon. We should buy a table because it will stand firm upon its legs, a chair because it is strong enough to carry us, a drawer because it goes easily in and out, a mirror because you can see your face in it, and 'blinds because they will keep out the son. Such primal y requisites as these are sometimes ignored in modern manufacture, although they were not in the^old. Indeed, the superiority of old over new furniture, in this and in almost every other respect is quite incontestable. The writer - in the Oornhiil sings a pzean in favour of the former ; so much so, that the sum total of his arguments may be com prised in three words, 'Buy old furniture' — furniture of the 18th century, that is to say, or earlier if it can be ob tained. All this is in workmanship far superior, and being hand and not machine made, it possesses that ' incommu nicable charm' which belongs to handwork. It is con sistent throughout in design and execution ; a chair was meant to be a chair from the first, and a sideboard a side board. Furnishers should buy all the genuinely old furni ture they can find. The supply is limited of course, and . even now a quantity of spurious stuff fills the market; but still the old is to be got, and at moderate prices. Failing the old, buyers should patronise that among modern manufac ture which most nearly resembles the old in simplicity and ' excellence of workmanship. Articles of this kind are to be got, and they will become more plentiful and cheaper as the demand increases. To buy only good articles, to buy slowly, thoughtfully, and with judgment, are the leading principles by which people furnishing should be guided, and they can hardly fail in achieving success. 