The Vatican Decrees. y is scarcely necessary to say that the great public interest aroused in Europe by the publication of Mr. Gladstone's pamphlet concerning recent Tatican decrees, was a chief ground for the reproduction of it in our columns last week. We had then no intention to quit a subject upon which there was likely to be s Mrong conflict of opinion without giving the views «hd arguments of bath sides, and that the matter may be placed fairly before our readers, we this week give Dr. Manning's letter in reply, and also &prtei;* of other correspondence evoked directly or indirectly by the ?*. Expostulation.' The following letter of Archbishop Manning to the Times was the first that appeared in the Press in answer to Mr. Gladstone :— ' TO THB EDITOR, '- ?' Sir, — The gravity of the subject on which I address Ton, affecting as it must every Catholic in the British Empire, will, I hope, obtain from the courtesy that you have always shown to me the publication of this letter. '. ?? This morning I received a copy of a pamphlet en titled ' The Vatican Decrees in their bearing on Civil Allegiance.' I find it a direct appeal to myself, both for the office I hold and f--r the writings I have pub lished. 1 gladly acknowledge the duty that lies upon me for both those .reasons. I am bound by the office I bear not to suffer a day to pass without repelling from the Catholics of this country the lightest imputation upon their loyalty ; and, for my teaching, I am ready to show that the principles I have ever taught are beyond impeach ment upon that score. 11 It is true, indeed, that, in page 67 of the pamphlet, Mr. Gladstone exprebses his belief ? that many of his Roman Catholic friends and fellow-countrymen ' are, 'to say the least of it, as good citizens as himself.' But as the whole pamphlet is an elaborate, argument to prove that the teaching of the Vatican Council renders it impossible for them to be so, I cannot accept this graceful acknowledgment, which implies that they are good citizens because they are at variance with the Catholic Church. *' I should be wanting in duty to the Catholics of this country and to myself if I did not give a prompt con tradiction to this statement, and if I did not with equal promptness affirm that the loyalty of our civil allegiance is not in spite of. the teaching of the Catholic Church, but because of it. , 'The sum of argument in the pamphlet just pub lished to the world is this :— That by the Vatican Decrees such a change has been made in the relations of Catholics to the civil power of States that it is no longer possible for them to render the same undivided civil allegiance as it was possible for Catholics to lender beiore the promulgation of those decrees. ' In answer to this, it is for the present sufficient to affirm?— ?? 1 . That the Vatican Decrees have in no jot or tittle changed either the obligations or the conditions of civil allegiance. ** 2. That the civil allegiance of Catholics is as undi vided as that of all Christians and of all men who recognise a divine or natural moral law. ' 3. That the civil allegiance of no mm is unlimited, and therefore the civil allegiance of all men who be lieve in God, or are governed by conscience, is in that sense divided. ' ' ' In this sense, and in no other, can it be.s'ald with truth that the civil allegiance of Catholics is divided. The civil allegiance of every Christian man in Eng land is limited by conscience and the law of God, and the civil allegiance of Catholics is limited neither less nor more. ' The public pes.ee of the , British Empire has been consolidated in the last half-century by the elimina tion of leligious conflicts and inequalities from our laws. * The Empire of Germany might have been equally peaceful aid stable if its statesmen had not been tempted in an evil hour to rake up the old fires of religious disunion. The hand of one man more than any other threw this torch of discord into the German Empire. The history of Germany will record the name ot Doctor Ignatius Von Dollinger as the author of this national evil I lament not only to read the name, but to trace the arguments of Dr. Von Dollinger in the pamphlet before me. \May God 1 preserve these kingdoms from the public and private calamities which are visibly impending over Germany. The author of the pamphlet, in his first line, assures us that his * purpose is not polemical, but pacific' I am sorry that so good an intention should have so ?widely erred in the selection of the means. .' 'But my purpose is neither to criticize nor to con trovert. My desire and my duty as an Englishman, as a Catholic, and as a pastor is to claim for my flock and for myself a civil allegiance as pure, as true, and as loyal as is rendered by the distinguished author of the pamphlet, or by any subject of the British Empire. ' I remain, Sir, your faithful servant, ' t Sbnrt Edwabd, Archbishop of Westminster. November 7. The same journal published immediately afterwards a letter to Mr. Gladstone, from Lord Acton, a well known Boman Catholic nobleman, who dated from the Athentcum, November 8. This nobleman does , ' not object to the discussion per te. He says :— 'Speaking in the open daylight, from my own point of view, as a Boman Catholic born in the 19th century, I cannot object that facts which .are of a nature to influence the belief of men should be brought completely to their knowledge, Conceal ment is unworthy of those things that are Divine and holy in religion, and in those things which are humane and profane publicity has value as a check.'. After reciting Mr. Gladstone's argument that the Catholics obtained emancipation by professions which are now repudiated, he says : — ?' This is a question that may be fairly asked, and it was long since made familiar to the Catholics by the language of their own Bishops. One of them has put it in the following terms : — ? How shall we per suade the Protestants that we are not acting in defiance of honour and good faith, if, having de clared that Infallibility was not an article of our faith while we were contending for our rights, we should, now that we have got what we wanted, with draw from our public declaration and affirm the contrary ?' The case is, primA fade, a strong one, and it would be still more serious if the whole struc ture of our liberties and our toleration was founded on the declarations given by the English and Irish Bishops some years before the Belief Act' He then goes on to argue that these documents are unknown to the Constitution— that what -was known to the Constitution was the oath in which the politi cal essence of those declarations was concentrated ; «nd_that that security and pledge were abolished by the Legislature some yean before the abolition of the Irish Church, whereby all special bands for the loyalty of Catholics was done away with. _ He then goes on to argue that there is really noth ing new in die Decrees. He says :— 'The doctrines against which you are contending aid not begin with the Tatican Council. At the time irhen the Catholic oath m xepaaled, $« Pope iu4 the same right.and /power to excommunicate those { who denied his authority to depose Princes that he ' possesses now. The writers most esteemed at Home held that doctrine as an -article «f faith. A 'modern Pontiff had affirmed that it cannoS.be abandoned without taint of heresy* and that those who ques tioned and restricted his authority in temporal matters were worse than those who rejected it in spirituals ; and accordingly men suffered death for this cause as others did for blasphemy and atheism. The recent decrees have neither increased the penalty nor made it more easy to inflict.' He adds that, on the ground he has chosen, Mr. Gladstone might have made out even a worse case, but contends that Catholics cannot fairly be called on to account for every particle of a system which has never come before them in its integrity, or for opinions whose existence among divines they would be ex ceedingly reluctant to believe. He says : — ' I will explain my meaning by an example : — A Pope who lived in Catholic times, and who is famous in history as the author of the third Crusade, decided that it is no murder to kill excommunicated persons. This rule was incorporated in the Canon Law. It has been for 760 years and continues to be part of the ecclesiastical law. Far from' having been a dead letter, it obtained a new application in the dayB of the Inquisition, and one of the later Popes has declared that the murder of a Protestant is so good a deed that it atones, and more than atones, for the murder of a Catholic. Again, the greatest legislator ©f the Mediaeval Church laid down this proposition, that allegiance must not be kept with heretical Princes — cum ti ovi Deo /idem rum $ervat fide* tenanda turn tit. This principle was adopted by a celebrated Council, and is confirmed by St. Thomas Aquinas, the oracle of the schools. The Syllabus which you cite has assuredly not acquired greater authority in the Church than the Canon Law and the Lateran De crees, than Innocent the Third and St. Thomas. Tet these things were as well known when the oath was repealed as they are now. But it was felt that, what ever might be the letter of Canons and the spirit of the ecclesiastical laws, the Catholic people of this country might be honourably trusted. ' But I will pass from, the letter to the spirit which is moving men of the present day. It belongs pecu liarly to the character of a genuine Ultramontane not only to guide his life by the example of canonized saints, but to receive with reverence and submission the words of Popes. Now Pius V., the only Pope who has been proclaimed a saint for many centuries, having deprived Elizabeth, commissioned an assassin to take her life; and his next successor, on learning that the Protestants were being massacred in Trance, .pronounced the action , glorious and holy, but comparatively barren of results; and implored, the King during two months, by his Nuncio and his Legate, to carry the work on to the bitter end until every Huguenot had recanted or perished. It is hard to believe that these things can excite in the bosom of the most fervent Ultramontane that sort of admiration or assent that displays itself in action. If they do not, then it can-, not betruly said that Catholics forfeit their moral free dom, or place their duty at the mercy of another.' He then goes on to argue that men exaggerate the agreement in thought and the agreement in deed, which authority can accomplish. He points out that the astronomical doctrines of Galileo were condemned as strongly as possible, yet distinguished Jesuits have also been distinguished astronomers. He also quotes historical facts to show that Catholics have fought against Popes, and against the side espoused by Popes, and concludes by saying— 'That opinions likely to injure our position as loyal subjects of a Protestant Sovereign, as citizens of a free State, as members of a community divided in religion, have flourished at various times, and iu various degrees, that they can claim high sanction, that they are often uttered in the exasperation of controversy, and are most strongly urged at a time when there is no possibility of putting them into practice — this all men must concede. But I affirm that, in the fiercest conflict of the Reformation, when the rulers of the Church had almost lost heart in the struggle for existence, and exhausted every resource of their authority, both political and spiritual, the bulk of the English Catholics retained the spirit of a better time. You do not, I am glad to say, deny that this continues to be true. But you think that we* ought to be compelled to demonstrate one of two thingB— that the Pope cannot, by virtue of powers as serted by the late Council, make a claim which he was perfectly able to make by virtue of powers asserted for him before ; or, that he would be resisted if he did. The first is superfluous. The second is not capable of receiving a written demonstration. There fore, neither of the alternatives you propose to the Catholics ot this country opens to us a way *bf es caping from the reproach we have incurred. Whether there is more truth in your misgivings or in my con fidence the event, will show, 1 hope, at no distant rime.' Mr. George Bowyer, writing from the Temple, and ask ing why Mr. Gladstone did not speak before, concludes his letter by saying : — 'I assert, with our Archbishop, that the allegiance of Catholics— nay, Ultramontanes— is as undivided, and their obedience to the temporal law as complete, as those of Pro testants who believe in the paramount obligation of Divine and moral law. The only difference is that the rule of faith with Protestants is vrivate judgment, and that of Boman Catholics is the infallible voioa of spiritual autho rity, which we believe to be under Divine guidance. ?? I: also assert that the decree of the Council has made no change whatever affecting civil allegianoe. For. whether infallibility be exercised by the Pope ex cathedra or by the Pope inXJounoil, its essential nature and extent are precisely the same ; and that infallibility is confined to dogmatio decrees defining that whioh the Church holds in faith and morals, and does not extend to politioal or eccle siastical acts. Bo the doctrine of obedience, whioh alarms Mr. Gladstone, only extends to matters relatiag to the diBoipline and government of the Churoh— pus ad ditei plinamet regimen Ecelesim pertinent ; and in this respeot the decree of the Council is strioOy and entirely declara tory of the ancient, immsmorial, and perpetual law of the Church. ** I deny that ay Isyalry and my patriotism differ in any respect from those of Protestants, and understanding alle gianoe according to the common law, I repudiate the notion of allegiance to any foreign authority.' The following letter from Lord Camoys-a Boman Catholic nobleman— to Mr. Gladstone, appeared in the Time* of November 14: — ' Henley-on-Thamee, November 13. 'Dear Mr. Gladstone,— In your 'Expostulation' you have appealed to these English Boman Catholics who ooa eur in the viewB you have therein expressed. As I am one of those who so concur, I am bound to say so. No one is more entitled than yourself to an expression of confidence from thote who have benefited by the great principles of civil and religious liberty by which you have been invaria bly guided. I otmour in the proposition you have stated, though I regret in referanoe to the reign of Queen Mary you should have considered it necessary to use the term 'bloody.' It uneoesaary to argue upon the aoouraoy of the expression. That word has always been and Is offensive to the Boman Catholics, and was not needed to support your assertion. I believe it to be perfectly true; amoethat reign It was not possible for the party to whom you allude — I presume the Bitualists, and you might have added for the Boman Catholics, and I add for both oombined— though they might tend to overthrow the Established Churoh, yet could never nuke this a Boman Catholio country. **i«r|AMsK m4 yourself feara 4rawa ?tta^tioa, a&4 quits appropriately, to* the language' held ;hy th* Bomia Catholic clergy and laity previous to Emancipation, when the distinction between die oivil and spiritual duties of Catholics was dearly defined and Infallibility emphatically denied. Had any Catholic of imporfcnoe then said, * I am a Catholic first and an Englishman after,' and that with out the slightest reservation,' and had that expression been defended by a Catholio Archbishop of that day as it has been defended by the Archbishop of Westminster, I very much doubt if Catholio Emancipation would have been granted. ' In noticing your * Expostulation' the Archbishop of Westminster, in his published letter, said that there is no change in the obligations of the Roman Catholics to the civil power in consequence of the publication of the Vatioau Decrees. Now, is this so ? It is not likely the present wQl adopt against Queen Victoria the course pursued by the then Pope against Queen Elizabeth, but there is no telling what ediot might be issued by the author of the SyllaBus. « Assuming an ediot were now issued tending to weaken or destroy allegiance, what a different position a Boman Catholic would be in now from what he would have been in then! Infallibility was not then a matter of compulsory belief, and he would have been at liberty to refuse com pliance with such an edict; but what would be the effect of his belief in the personal infallibilty? He must either withhold his allegianoe on the one hand, or risk his salva tion on the other ; and is not this a new obligation ? To be oompelled to believe under severe penalties now what we were at liberty to disbelieve then with impunity, is surely a new obligation. As an independent English Boman Catho lic, I consider it my duty to make this response to .your appeal Much may be said of the serious difficulties that many members of the Boman Catholio Churoh throughout the world will be plaoed in by being oompelled to believe in the Vatican Decrees. For myself, I will say that history, common sense, and my early instruction forbid me to accept the astounding and novel (novel, at least, in its present promulgation) doctrine of the personal infallibility of the Pope, though limited, as asserted, to the large domain of faith and morals. ' I remain, yours faithfully, ' Camoys.' A second letter was written by Archbishop Manning for oiroulation in America, and was by the courtesy of Mr. James Gordon Bennett, of the New York Herald, com municated at onoe to the English Press. It was as follows : — ' Dear Sir,— In answer to your question as to my state ment about the Vatican Coucoil, I reply as follows :— I asserted that the Vatioau decrees have not changed by a jot or a tittle the obligations or oonditiens of the civil obedience of Catholics towards the civil powers. The whole of *§fe Gladstone's pamphlet hangs on the contrary assertion-.'iT,' 4 falls with it. In proof of my assertion, I add— 1. That the infallibility of the Pope was a dootrine of divine faith before the Vatican Councils was held. In the second and third parts of a book called * Petri Privilegium ' (Longmans, 1871) I have given more than sufficient evidence of this assertion. 2. 'inat the Vatioan Council simply declared an old truth, and mide no new dogma. 3. That the position of Catholics, therefore, in respect to civil allegianoe, since the Vatioau Council, is precisely what it was before it. 4. That the oivil powers of the Christian world have hitherto stood in peaceful relations with an Infallible Churoh, and that relation has been often recognised and declared by the Church in its councils. The Vatioan Council had, therefore, no new matter to treat is this point. 5. That the Vatican Council has made no decree whatever on the subject of the civil powers, nor on oivil allegiance. This subject was not so much as proposed. The oivil obedience of Catholics rests upon the natural law, and the revealed law of God. Society is founded in nature, and subjeots are bound* in all things lawful to obey their rulers. Society, when Christian, has higher sanotions, and subjeots are bound to obey their rulers for conscience sake, and because the powers that be are ordained of God. Of all this the Vatican decrees can have changed nothing, because they have touched nothing. Mr. Gladstone's whole argument hangs upon an erroneous assertion into which I can only suppose The has been misled by his misplaced trust in Dr. Dollinger and some of his friends. On publio and private grounds I deeply lament this act of imprudenoe, and but for my belief in Mr. Gladstone's sincerity, I should say this act of injustice. I lament it as an act out of all harmony and proportion to a great statesman's life, and as the first event that has overcast a friendship of forty-five years. His whole publio life has hitherto consolidated the Christian civil peace of these kingdoms. This aot, unless the good providence of God and the good sense of English men avert it, may wreck more than the work of Mr. Gladstone's publio career, and at the end of a long life may tarnish a great name. — I remain, dear Sir, your faith* ful servant, 'f Hbnkt Edwabd, Archbishop of Westminster. « Westminster, November 10.' liord flerries— a Catholio nobleman— takes a different view from that of the two Catholio noblemen who had been first to address the Times. He is as loyal, but he takes a different theological position. He says:— ' Sir,— You have given publioity to the opinions of two peers on the subject of Mr. Gladstone's expostulation referring to the recent Deoree of the Vatioan Council as regards the infallibility of the Pope. - ' They may be the opinions of the two individual peers, but they are net those of the Catholio body, aud I, as a Catholic peer, protest most solemnly against them, as being neither consonant with the faith of- the Catholio Church nor with the opinions of their Catholio f ellow-oouutrymen; ' «- a Catholio believes that an Almighty Power of infinite wisdom and of infinite truth established His Church to teach all truth till the end of the world. As euoh that Church must be infallible. - 'The Pope is Christ's Vioar on earth, and .when he speaks as such he must, by nature of Hfoe Divine authority committed to him, be infallible, or ' the promises of Christ must have failed. The Vatioan Council has declared this to be of faith, and as such all Catholics tnuit accept it. ' It is difficult to define in words where spiritual and civil authority might clash. Conscience can best decide each one's duty. Oivil power might command the praotioe of idolatry, the denial of faith, or the essential practices of religion, but no Christian could obey audh a command. \- ' It is sad thateo eminent a man as Mr. Gladstone should throw out such a firebrand to rekindle the religious strifes of (I had hoped) long past and long forgotten years. I regret also, that he should have raised doubts affecting the loyalty of hie Catholio fellow-subjects. I, as one of them, in the honest sincerity of my heart, desire to repel so unjust and serious an accusation. 'I have the honour to be. Sir, your obedient servant, Heb&ibs.; . 'Everinghsm Park, Tort, November U. The next communication of importance that we find is one from Mr. Henry Petre, a cadet member of the old Catholio family of that name, but who, as will be seen, is at kme with the heads of the house. His letter is notable for the outspoken boldness with whioh he says, ' An English man first a Catholic afterwards.' It is as follows :— ** Sir, — The importance of the question so ably and seasonably raised by Mr. Gladstone's pamphlet on the late Vatican Decrees must be my apology for seeking to occupy valuable space in the columns of the Times. The plain and straightforward statement contained iu Lord Camoys's letter speaks for itself, and its Bound oonunoa sense needs neither support nor confirmation from any quarter. It will be no exaggeration to affirm that among the Old Catholics of England, however loath they maybe to appear in open oppo sition to the authority of their Churoh, there an many who watch with anxiety, not unmingled with regret, the reckless and irrational proceedings of the Ultramontane party— a party seeking to impose upon the world, with all the means of powerful combination at its command, the astounding claims issuing from the Vatican — claims and pretensions long since supposed to have been extinct, whioh now in their resuscitation are tending to open hostility with modern progress and to collision with every civil authority in Europe. For one who in early youth acquired the tenets of his faith in the midst of a community re nowned as the stanchest and most learned bulwarks of the Church (I can refer to no other than the distinguished Order of the Society of Jesus), I for one can affirm with Lard Camoys, in support of Mr. Gladstone's state ment, that dogmas now insisted upon as Articles of Faith were not then presnted. in that light, The Archbishop of Westminster, able and power ful logician as he is, may fence as he will with the meaning and import of words, but-the stubborn fact mast stars him in the faoe that , whatever mayrhave been the individual and irresponsible opinions of theolo gians in times gone by, still the dogmas of the Immaculate Conception and the personal Infallibility of ths Pope-have been recently promulgated to the 'Faithful' for. their acceptance as Articles of Faith, and, as such, are additions to ancient Doctrine. The claims of the Vatican to supreme and infallible authority over-all things pertaining to faith and morals, ths limits of which the Vatioan is alone to decide, embrace so vast and immense a range, entering into every relation and branch of human life, that we may easily contemplate the Power of the Church clashing with the Civil Authority, Under such ciroumstauoes, the only reply a loyal subject could possibly make to Mr. Glad, stone's appeal would be ' An Englishman first, a Catholio after.'— I cave the honour to be, Sir, your obedient ser vant. 'HeseyPetek. ' 12, Berkley-square, November 15.' Mr. Henry Stourton (B.A., Oxon), 'bearing a name well known as having ever been Catholio,' writes to disown the views of Lords Acton and Camoys, and maintains that ' they represent few besides themselves in this oountry.' In his letter he says :— 'In accepting the decrees of the Vatioan-CounoQ, then, we only obey an authority never denied by any Catholic till the present time. As our principles are the same as they have ever been, ,so will our conduot be. Catholio loyalty in times past oannot be denied. When the Spanish Araud* invaded our seas, not only was a Catholio intrusted with the command of our forces, but thousands of other Catho lics placed their lives and fortunes at the feet of their Sove reign — no other than Queen Elizabeth, When, again, after more than two centuries of oppression, we were allowed to take our places as Englishmen, the loyalty of the Catholio bedy at home and abroad has beea above sus picion. Our principles and our duties are unchanged ; aud as we have always been, so we shall continue to be— true and loyal Englishmen.' Lord Langdale, deprecating the letter ef Lord Camoys, writes to him to say : — . ' My father and many of his contemporaries, before and after Emancipation, always held 'the dootrine -of the per sonal infallibility of the Pope.' My own education com menced soon after 1629, and, unlike you, ' history, common sense, end early instruction' led me, like them, to believe as I do now— that the head of the Church is infallible when teaching ex cathedra. ' The difference between us and our children is this .that they will believe it because a Ceun«il of the Church has declared it to be an artiole of Catholic faith. ' The Time) seems to think you are troubled, ' less com fortable' in consequence. If this is so, I am sorry for it, and wish I could convey to you my own feelings of perfeot satisfaction that I, nor any one, can be a less earnest and loyal subject of Queen Victoria beoause I believe Pius IX. infallible in faith and morals.' Monrignor Capet, the head of the Catholio University College at Rensingion, deprecates taking Lords Aoton and Camoys as authorities, and expounds the case as follows : — 11 1. Excellent as are these noble peers, they aro in no way representatives either of Catholic thought or of the Catholic laity. They take little or no part iu the life of the Catholio body in this country, and would not hive the shadow of a ohanoe to be chosen as spokesmen of our laity. ' 2. Lord Aoton, havjng made statements -imputing atrocious charges to the Holy tee, is bound in oouimon justice to give equally publicly the authorities on which theee rest ' 3. If Lord Camoys seriously and obstinately refuses to accept the 'doctrine of the personal infallibility of the Pope,' then does he make shipwreck of the faith, aud ipto facto separate himself from communion wita the Church and the See of St. Peter. '4. Beforethe Vatioan deoree all Catholics were bound to hold that the gift of infallibility belonged to the Churoh ; that it was exercised by the teaching body of the Churoh united to (the Pope, either dispersed in daily teaching or assembled in general Counoil ; and that this infallibility was exercised over the whole field of ' faith and morals.' '6. After the Vatioan deoree, infallibility neither in its nature nor in its scope was added to ; it was oaly decided that the ex eathedrd or offioial utteranoes of the Head of the Churoh were so directed by the Holy Ghost that they could not be at variance with the truth. This did but ~ assert the unerring exercise of the infallibility of the Church through its head. '6. It is therefore a misunderstanding on the purtof Lord Camoys and Mr. Gladstone to imagine that the Vati can- deprees in any way touched the former domain of in fallibility. If it were justifiable to emancipate Catholics, and extend to them the politioal privileges of other of her Majesty's subjeots previous to 1870, there is not the lout reason now for raising a new cry against them. 41 7. The Church has always held— '(oO That all power, civil or eoolesiastical,, emanates from (rod* '(£.) That both, therefore, are to be honoured and obeyed. -? (e.) That the ecclesiastical power is . superior to the civil, and defines the limit of one and the other. ' (d.) That where the oivil power passes its proper pro vinoe, then has the Churoh the right to raise her voice and condemn it. '8. As in fulfilling the precept, « Honour thy father and thy mother,' oases may arise wherein the child must obey God rather than its parent, so likewise it may unfortunately happen that the State may abuse its power, and coasoienoe, clearly perceiving this, legitimately refuse obedience. But as the exception in the first instance does not justify us in speaking of a divided' allegianoe, neither does it iu the ..second.— I have the honour to be, 'Sir, your obedient servant, . . ?..',.?'. 'T. J. CArBt. *Nevember 15.' Mr. Bowyer, who had previously written to confute ] Mr. Gladstone, writes again to express his inability to agrea altogether with Moneignor Cupel. He says :— 'Bir,— I think it my duty to state, with most profound respeot, that I cannot assent to the following proposition laid down in MonBignerCapel's letter, unlesB it te con siderably qualified :— « « The eoolesiastical power is superior to the civil, and defines and limits the one and the other.' ' This is more a theological proposition than an estab lished prinoiple. In one sense it is true, but in another it is incorrect and dangerous. The eoolesiastioal, or rather the spiritual power is supreme, and therefore superior to the civil power, only within the limits of the spiritual j iiria diotion. In the same sense, and in no other, the spiritual power limits its. own authority. There fore the oivil power is not bound by that limitation or definition except where it does not trench on the province of the civil jurisdiction or civil government. The two powers are intended for differ ent purposes, which .are attained by different means. The Chureh was never intended for civil government, and it has no machinery for that purpose. Its whole constitution is framed for a different end. It oannot, therefore, be supe rior to the civil power in any matters properly belonging to thai power. ' The true doctrine is that both powers are supreme each, in its own sphere, and this is the correct version of the celebrated Decretal Unam San'ctam. Oases of apparent conflict occur, but if they be considered carefully and dis passionately the difficulty will vanish and the Concord a Sacerdotii et Imperii will be maintained. Unfortunately, ecclesiastics sometimes push spiritual rights to extremes, and statesmen pillage the Church, abuse it, and persecute it for their own political and ambitious purposes, or to satisfy the prejudices and the passions of the multitude. These things injure flw peace of eociety aud the stability of Governments, but they do not affect the principles whioh regulate the limits between the two powers. ' I remain your obedient servant, ' Geobob Bowr.BE. « November 18.' ? , We reprint the following letter from Mr. Towneley :— 'Sir,— Mr. Gladstone, inhis somewhat elaborate expostu lation on the Vatioan Deoree, which, in the first chapter, he most appropriately designates a 'tract,' asserts that a Gajbolio oannot repojioUe his attegianoB to the Crown witk bis acknowledgment of the Pope aa Head of the Churoh. Afi a member of * the Catholic Church, to which, my family has belonged foe centuries, during whiohniy ancestors have always been found supporting the Crown (in many in stances at the oostwf life and land), while striotly adhering t. . to their faith, I am st a Iops to understand how Mr. -Glad- stone can substantiate the charge he has. so boldly brought against his Catholio fellow - countrym- n, who are as loyal Sow ae ttiey were in the penal time*. I would remind tlmse gentlemen who have affirmed that tho Catholic religion has been changed in modern times, that the Infallibility of the Pope in matters of faith and morsls, far from being ? a novel inv ution,' has always been held and tiught by ths Catholio Church, although only made an explioit article of faith by the General Council of 1870. ' John Townelbt. ' November 18.' Serjeant Shea promptly came to the rescue of the ' Old Catholics ' with some documentary proof to show that the new doctrine was not old :— 'Sir,— Perh--pg yon will kindly find space in yonr columns for two extracts from documents of high, authority whioh have an important bearing on Mr. John Towneley's assertion that Papal infallibility ' has always been held and taught by the Catholic Churoh1 — . ''1. it in no matter ot faith to believe that the Pope is in himself infallible, separated from the Church, even in expounding the faith. . By consequence, Papal definitions or decrees, in whatever form pronounced, taken exclusively from a General Council or universal acceptance of. the Church, oblige none, under pain of heresy, to an interior assent.' ' This paPFBge is taken from a pamphlet entitled ' Roman Catholic Principles in reterence to God und the King;' written and published in England before the year 1630, it had gone through more than 30 e-iilionB. when in 1788 the English Catholic Committee, then in official communication vrith Mr. Pitt Wi h a view to a relaxation of the existing disabilities, sent a copy of it to that Minister, authenticated by the signature of the Hon. and Right Rev James Talbot, tho Vicar Apostolic of the London Distriot, and accompanied by a It tter in which the committee described it as ' a printed summary of their tenets whioh they were persuaded every Catholic would readi'y sign.' ' 2. In' a solemn protestation of the English Catholics, drawn up and adopted at a meeting of the Catholic Com mittee in December, 1788, we find the following deoUration, wholly unqualified by anything contained in the context: — ' Wo acknowledge no infallibility in the Pope.' 'This protestation, including the above distinct and emphatic disclaimer of a doctrine which Mr. Towneley asserts to have been * always held and taught by the Church,' was, as we learn from Mr. Butler in his ' His torical Memoirs of English Catholics,' signed by the four Vicars Apostolic, and, with a very inconsiderable exception, by all the Catholio clergy and laitv in England. 'I may add, what Mr. Towneley .will jiot .venture to deny, that these declarations are in strict conformity with the dogmatio ' and expressly controversial teaching of Gotber and Chelloner (venerable names), whose published opinions have been for upwards of a century appealed to as conducive-evidence of the real faith of British Catholios in repudiating the exaggeration of Ultramont&niem.;— I am, &c;, ' Martin Archeh Sheb. 'November 19.' , Lest the letters of Lords Acton and Casnoya should he taken as representative documents, the General Committee of the Catholio Union, met at Willis's Booms and passed tho following resolutions, whioh Lord Petre forwarded to the Times :— ' 1. That the Catholio Union, assembled in General Committee, having had its attention directed to certain statements which hare lately appeared, affecting the faith and loyalty of British Catholics, declares — 1, that the Catholics of Great Bri'ain cordially Rcoept and submit to the decrees of the Council of the Vatican ; 2, that their position and duties with regard to the civil power are in no way affected thereby. ' 2. That the Catholio Union avails itself of this oppor tunity to protest against tho assumption that the Lords Acton end Camovs, and Mr. Hsnry Petre are in any sense the spokesmen pf the Catholio Uity. ...... ' 3. 'I hat tho chairman be requested to communicate the foregoing resolutions to the public prints. ' Canon Oakley addressed to Mr. Gladstone a long letter, firm which the following pass.igf-e are extracts. After alluding to the proved loyalty of English Cat holies, their enthusiasm for her Majesty, their fidelity in army and navy, the encouragement given by the Pontiff to -exhibitions of loyalty, and his discouragement to secret' societies, his opposition to the Fenian movement, his opposition to re bellious uprisings, bis sympathy with the Prince of Wales' illness, he says that Borne, so far from refurbishing every nistv tool, stie \fja fondly thought to have disused, seems to him to have'^flled them in her gaUery of ancient armour.' He then goes on to say that; the Vatican decree has 'done no more than define and locate a.prerogative which always belonged to the Catholio Church, and is in f aot wrapt up in her characteristic theory,' and- that this definition and location is a practical convenience. As to the ; Syllabus, he says that all iU leading principles were taught by -he Tractarians at Oxford. . 'As to the propositions of the Syllabus, they seem to me to embody in a.dogmatio shape the principles which I was taught 40 years ego by the great Traotarian leaders. The Tractarian movement itself, as you will remember, origi nated in a protest against the encroachments of the Civil Power on what were believed to be the righto of the Church. There ib not one of the popular maxims condemned in the ' Syllabus which ench meD as Mr. Keble and Mr. Hurrell Fronde 'would not have held in utter detestation. Liberty of the Press, fpr instance, or of speech, whioh allows the unrestrained delivery of atheistical leotares and the publi cation of atheistical worfe; liberty of conscience, whioh contravenes the principle of one' external, objective, and obligatory religious truth;, liberty «f education, whioh recognises the exclusion of a distinctive religions creed as its necessary i»Bia and ' standard, and the denial to the matrimonial contract of any sacramental character, are positions whioh those eminent men would have condemned as strongly as any Ultramontane of the present day, although themselves far from Ultramon tanrs. But the condemnation of those propositions in the abstract is a very diflferent thing from saying that in a Protestant country like our own, where they are reoeived as axiemB and habitually carried ont in praotice/it beoames the part of Catholics to resist them at the expense of their duty to their Queen and country, or not rather to fall in with them, except where they directly confiiot with any obligation of indispensable necessity. This is actually what we do, and what we do with quiet consciences and without protest from bur ecclesiastical authorities. As to the unrestricted liberty of the Press and of speeoh, we have often reason to deplore it, but are without the power to hinder it. As to liberty of oonsoienpe, we are thankful even to avail ourselves of it, although none the less con* vinced that it is abstractedly opposed to the Catholio theory. As relates again to education, on whioh subject, more perhaps than any,' we are ont of tone with the maxims of the hour, we aot in concert with the Government, and even send our candidates to toy for «eats on the Sohool Board. 'With regard, lastly to marriage, we not only sub mit patiently to the unwelcome intrusion of the registrar at one of our solemn ecclesiastical offices, but recognize as perfectly valid, binding, and indissoluble a matrimonial contract made between Catholics in his presence and in his office, although, of course, at the same time holding snob. Catholics guilty of a grievous sin in forsaking the ministm turns of their own Church in order to- receive those of a mere civil functionary. In countries where the matrimonial decrees of the Council of Trent are received, suoh, mar riages would be invalid, but in England, where they have never been promulgated, the mutual consent of the parties, duly attested, it sufficient to secure the validity of the marriage. ' Thus it is that your view, however seemingly true in Hie abstract, does not square with the facts of our expert «noa. Take the case of one like myself, for instance. I not ?only receive the Vatican decree with dutiful submission, tmt recognize the truth of every proposition in the Sylkbus. Yet, on the other hand. I am able to pursue my ministra tions as a priest in this oountry, where the politiosl maxims of the time are in direot opposition both to the letter and spirit of those propositions, without either oom pnnction of conscience or a hint of displeasure, whether frm the central or looaleodedastic&l; authorities. Vow. say, as perhaps in your kindness you wifl be JnoKned to' say, that my own case is, fpr personal reasons,' exceptional. It is .the case of .the Catholio clergy throughout England. If you ask me how these things can be. I really cannot answer otherwise than by saying that so they are, m& that the fact, not the explanation, is all that is required for my present argument On the whole, therefore, £ cannot *ee that lhere is any call for voluntary declarations of loyalty on the part of Catholics, whether lay or clerical. Such declarations would, be regarded as in the number of those gratuitous apologies which, Recording to the Frenoh pro veib, wear the appearance of virtual self -accusations, and would, moreover, give a substantial form to what I believe to be inerely chimerical dangers.' ' The OTonoghue vrites to the Times from Killarney, as one of Mr. Gladstone's supporters. and after expressing his amazement and bis regret .it Mr, Gladstone's lowering himi-elf to the levelof bigots, he says : — ?' 1 see around me the civil and mifitary departments of the State filled by Catholics who would regard it as an odious libel to have it said of them that they had not tccepted the Vatican Decrees, or in other words, that they are sot Catholics, and .whose daily lives are a practical assertion of their loyalty, and a refutation of Mr. , GUd . stone's theories. , The Catholic Judges, the Catholio Lords Luu tenant of Counties, Justices of the Peace, resident magistrates, the Catholio police, constabulary and soldiery -ere all firm in their civil loyalty and allegiance. This ia the actual relationin which these Catholio functionaries of every degree and of every kind t-tend to the State. Throughout the whole of the United Kingdom Protestant* and Catholics are on terms of the closest social intimacy .and mingle harmoniously In all the transactions of life. Indeed, one. of the most remarkable events recorded in our contemporary history is the presence of a venerated and beloved Archbishop, a foremost defender of the Vatiom L»ecrees, at a monster meeting of Protestant working men, presiding over their deliberations, displaying the warmest affection for them, end asserting by bis* presence the right of public meeting in Hyde Park, even on a Sunday. ' 1 know as well as I do that I have a pen in my hand that my entire submission to his anthority involves the faithful . discharge of my duly as a subject of the Queen. My mini rejects as preposterous the idea that the Pope may some fine morning call upon me to renounce my allegiance. I can imagine his exhortating me to endure the extremity of tyranny rather than rebel ; and if in that contingency I should refuse to hear his voice, is it the Protestants of England that would condemn me P 'In common with the majority of my countrymen, I want my children to be brought up Catholics— not like the couple of dczon 19th century Catholics, ever ready to give the Pope a few hints about his duty, and soaring beyond their wits into the region of what Is called free thought, but Cu' holies submissive to the authority of the Pope, and con tent with such exerci&e; for their faculties as is sanctioned by religioa, and not an abuse of reason. ' Permit me to, add that as a result of recent events I frhall be more anxious 'than I ever have been to show my reverence for ecclesiastical authority, and my loyalty to the Ciown BBd Constitution in all its branches. ' November 20. «? O'Donoghtjb.' r . Mr. A. P. de Lisle writes to express his partial agree ment vith Mr. .£6wyer and his dissent from Monsignor Capel and from the exaggerated, claims that had been put forth. Bessys: — ' Sir, — I think it my duty to state, in common with Bir George Bowyer, as a loyal Catholio subject bf the Sove reign of this great Empire, that I cannot accept Monsignor Cupel's statement concerning the subjeotion of the civil to the ecclesiastical power, which he lately published in the columns of the Mail, ' That statement was embodied in the following propo sition :— ' The ecclesiastical power is superior to the civil and defines and limits the one and the other.' ' The remarks which you made at the time in your lead ing article on this statement of Monsignor Capel, un qualified ae- it was by him, appeared to me to be thoroughly just, and I therefore heartily concur with Sir George Bowjer in repudiating it. I believe it to be dangerous and untrue. ??'?.-? , '? But in thus dissenting from the teaching of Monsignor Capel, 1 beg to declare 'hat I heartily aooept the Decrees of the Council of the Vatican as the Decrees of- a legiti mate (Ecumenical Council of the Universal Churoh of Christ, ' Those decrees appear to me to have been impugned from two quarters On the one hand, from the mistaken inter pretation or the malicious misrepresentation of them by the enemies of the Catholic Church; on tha other, by ihe ill-judged but still more fatal exaggerations of men who on all occasions are ready to rush to the front ranks of the Catholio body, as if they and they alone were the accredited champions oi the Catholic cause. Thus, in a repent num btr of the Contemporary Review, another Catholio Prelate, Moneignor Patterson, in an article ' On the Exiled PopeB,' did sot hesitate to affirm that the authority of the Pope is absolute And unlimited over all persons, whether 6oveieigns or subjects, in the whole Church of Christ — that 1b, in the whole baptized body of Christians through out the world. This proposition I take to be a suitable companion to the other of Mons'gnorCapel, to which Sir George Bowyer has refused his assent. 'In the presence of such teaching as this, so calculate! to mislead the publio mind, to bring the Catholio Churoh her self into discredit, and to disgust eur civil rulers, it was, in my opinion, imperatively necessary that all misunder standing should be once for all authoritatively removed by tbose who alone have the power to do so, our Apostolic biKhops; and that the great body of her Majesty's Catholic subjects should be freed from that slur upon their loyalty which seemed to be implied by a tacit aoquieeoenoe in such extraordinary propositions. - . 'I therefore have no hesitation in saying that I rejoice in the publication of Mr. Gladstone's ? Politioal Expostula tion.' It is not because I agree in the justice of the charges whioh it contains, but because it is a legitimate challenge on the part «f one of the greatest statesmen, not only of England but of Europe, to our ecclesiastical authorities, to vindicate their principles and ours from the imputations which have been cast upon them, mainly in consequence of the exaggerations and perversions of our doctrine, whioh have bees advocated and circulated ia various organs of the Catholio Press. ' These btatementa, put forth in Catholio publications, and arrogating to themselves the exclusive claim of orthodoxy and true Catholio zeal, hive at length arrested the attention of English statesmen, irrespective of party distinctions, and it is now evident that they will be endured no longer. ' The Act of 1829 was conceded to* the just claims of our Cathelio fellow-subjects, but it was conceded on certain conditions ; and it is of the utmost importance that the Catholics of the present day should prove to the satisfac tion of all men that by the Council of the Vatican those conditions have neither been weakened nor annulled. 'I remain your faithful servant, ' A. P. de Lisle.' Lord Acton, having been taken to task for the historical references in his first letter, set himself to an elaborate justi fication of them, and in a letter whioh occupies more thaa three columns of the Times, he gives his authorities. We must refer the reader ourious for details to the letter itself, but he begins it by saying:— ' . -. . « Many persons have called on me, both in publio and In private, to furnish the means of testing certain state menu made by me in a letter of November 8 to Mr. Glad stone. Those statements are easy to verify. But I comply with their appeal in order to repel the charge that the facts were invented for a theory, or that a faithful narrative of unoogmatic history could involve contradiction with the teaching or authority of the Churoh whose * communion is dearer to me than life.' And he concludes as follows :— u I know that there are some whose feelings of reverence and love are, unhappily, wounded by what I have said. I entreat them to remember how little would be gained if all that ctme within the scope of my argument could be swept oat. of existence— to ask themselves seriously the question whether the laws of the Inquisition are or are not a scandal and a sorrow to their souls. Itwouldbtwell If men had never fallen into the temptation of suppressing truth-and encouraging error for the better security of reli gion., 7 Onr. Church stands, and our faith should stand, not on the vjrturcs of men, but on the surer ground t-f an insti tuUon^sgoidanoe {hi* ire divine; Therefore, I rest unshaken in the belief that nothing wMoh the Inmost depths of history shall di=olose in time to come can ever bring to Catholics just cause of shame Or fear. I should dishonour and betray the Churoh if I enterUined a suspi don that the evidences of religion could be weakened or the authority of Counoils sapped by a knowledge of the facts with which I have been dealing, or of others which are not lees grievous or Ioeb certain because they remain untold. ' Acton. ' Nov. 21.' Lord Arundell, of Wardour, writes to explain his posi tion, which partly agrees with that of Mr. Bowyer, and differs from that of Lord Aoton, Monsignor Capel, Mr. Henry Petre, and Canon Oakeley. He says :— 'As I consider that I fully expressed myself on the matter in dispute in letters which you did me die favour to insert in the Times of the 22nd of August asd the 24th of September, 1864, I should not have troubled you with re ference to the oontroverey inaugurated by Mr. Gladstone were it not for the issue raised by Sir G. Bowyer, with whose opinion I venture to oonour, and in order to point out that the views I then expressed, considered violent at that time, were identical with the positions whioh Sir G. Bowyer takes against Moneignor Cape] or against what Monsignor Capel might seem to imply. ' I wrote on the 23rd of September, 1664 :— *? * The Churoh claims to decide what is spiritual, me 8tate claims to decide what is political; and henoe there arises, and will arise, a conflict in one form or another to the end of time. The practical point for statesmen who rationally fear the encroachments of the Chuioh is to dis cover the animus of the Churoh and her determining motive. If her aim is temporal aggrandisement, if her organisation is one great conspiracy against the State, it cannot be difficult to detect this motive in her contests with the State ; and therefore I contend that the matter is fairly brought to the test if in two centuries jou cannot discover a single aggression having for its motive this greed of dominion. ... And if no such instanoe oan D* brought forward, then I argue that there will be no con flict between the Church and the State se long as the Church, as in England, is left free in her spiritual action.' 'In other words, the Churoh deoides the limits of the temporal only in deciding what is spiritual. If the controversy in whioh I was engaged with Lord Oranmore had been prolonged, I should have based my distinction upon the following passage in Cardinal Grouuset's ' Theo lcgie Dogmatique,' I., 662, par. 1074 :— «« ' This proposition is of faith. u We recognize,' said Pope Pius VI. to the unfortunate Louis XVI., ' we desire even, that there should be in political government laws entirely distinot from those of the Church, laws which ap pertain to the Civil Power. But, while claiming obedienoe for the one, we will not permit that others whioh spring from the Spiritual Power shall be violated by lay autho rity.' ' (Brief of the 10th of Maroh, 1791.) 'It is very well to urge that the distinction between temporal and spiritual is of no , consequence, as the Pope must ultimately decide the limits, &o.; I oan only repeat, what I have said before, that it matters so much that until Lord Aoton verifies his charges I shall reiterate my state ment that daring the last two centuries no Pone has trenched upon the politioal ground, and that praotiotlly, and except when the 8tate becomes aggressive in its spirit and semi-ecclesiastical in its legislation, the line is never likely to be passed. 'I beg permission also to say a word on the subjeot of Mr. H. Petre's Btonyhurst reminiscenoee. I oan con fidently assert that, although the Immaculate Conception was net taught as a defined artiole of faith, it was always assumed as such. I have before me a book— the ' Libellus Preoum ' — this particular copy printed in 1844— whioh was in the hands of all the scholars, of a certain age, in my time, and I presume also in Mr. H. Petre's, whiob. contains the ' office of the Immaculate Conception ' which was periodically recited. ' If I am not trespassing too far, I should wish to add that I find myself no less at variance with Canon Oakeley ; for, although his previous sentenoe partially explains his meaning, I still regret that he should have penned a sen tenoe to liable to misconstruction as the following: — 1 As to liberty of conscience, we are thankful even to avail ourselves of it, although none the less convinced that it is abstractedly opposed to the Catholio theory.' I claim with the Bishop of Orleans, in perfeot consistency with my submission to the dootrines of the Syllabus, to say, ' Never, in fact, have the Popes intended to condemn such Governments as have thought it their duty, according to the necessity ef the times, to insert in then* Constitutions this tolerance' (tolerance towards individual citizens and civil liberty of worship) ; and therefore I say, d fortiori, sever would the Pope condemn that toleranoe whioh is part of the common law of England and of the Constitution. It is no doubt a subjeot. of regret that England is not in the unity of the faith, but eo long as the differences of cen turies subsist, tolerance will not be opposed even 'ab stractedly to the Catholic theory,' because it will be a matter of right and justice. ' Is, then, the bugbear always to be flourished in our faces— 'But what would you say if the Pope deoided the contrary?' I reply that I feel sufficiently secure in my opinion that, as the Pope will never decide contrary to justice, right, and truth, so he will not condemn in the future, as he has not condemned in the past, the honest and sincere guarantee ef suoh rights. . what if, whenever a geometrician expressed any independent theory as to the properties of extension and magnitnde, he were invariably brought to a short pull-up with the question — But what if Euclid demonstrated the contrary ? Well, in that case I suppose he would say, I should be floored, but, all the same, until the particular proposition ia ' Euclid ' is pointed out, I shall hold to my opinion. M I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant, ' Akundbll of Wabdoux. ' Wardour Castle, November 22.' Following the example of their brethren in England, the members of the Catholio Union in Ireland met and passed resolutions, whioh were enclosed in the following letter :— ' I am directed by the Earl of' Granard , president of the Catholio Union bf Ireland, to request that you will have the kindness to give insertion to the following resolution, unanimously adopted at' the November meeting of the Counoil of the Union, at whioh his Eminence Cardinal Cnllen was present. Proposed by Lieutenant-Colonel Chichester, D.L., seconded by Sir John Bradatreet, J.P.:- -u .. ..? ' 'That the Council of the Catholic Union of Ireland repudiate the assertion of Mr. Gladstone that the civil allegiance of Catholics has been injuriously affected by the decrees of the Vatican Counoil; and further declare that, while holding themselves bound in perfeot obedience to the decrees of that infallible Council, they yield in no degree to any of her Majesty's subjects in the duty a&d; . performance of civil allegiance.' ' Bartholomew Teelhto, Seoretarv to the Catholio Unioa of Ireland.' Serjeant 8b.ee writes to reply to Mr. de Lisle, and to deny that the Vatican Decree has been promulgated. ' Sir,— When Mr. A. P. de Lisle, in bis able and out spoken letter in the Mail of this day, declares his hearty ac ceptance of ' the Decrees of the Counoil of the Vatican,' I muBt respectfully take exception to the accuracy of his language, inasmuch as I am not aware, and have no evidence to convince me, as a Catholic, that the Vatican Council, now suspended, has, in fact, pronounced any de cree whatever on the question of Papal Infallibility. 'The deotee or declaration on this point, generally spoken ef as the ' Vatican Decree,' is, in form, a declaration of ihe Pope himself, and though his Holiness states (paren thetically) that he makes it *approbante eoncilio, it is hot, an'f ar as I have seen * or heard, supported by any re corded utterance of the Council itself . The anathema ful minated against all who impugn the doctrine in question is that of the Pope alone, and it derives tram his authority alone, and not from that of the Counoil, such force and stringency as it may be entitled to. ' I need hardly remind Mr. de Lisle that every dogmatio decree of the Counoil of Trent is, in form as well as in sub stance, the assertion, and the unanimous assertion, ef the Council, clenched by its own anathema. Its authentio and binding definitions are on reoord, in formularies of faith accessible to all, and am be referred to as such, with the same certainty and confidence with which wa on oito the words of the Niosne Creed. u When expected to acquiesce in a doctrine to all appear ance totally inconsistent with and in direct oqctntdiotiop of the faith of Catholios, as tt-nfht tft nr nnif ottrfrnLrforn for centuries (I might almost say from time immemorial), it seems tome that, without for a moment calling iu.questiou ihe infallibility of the Church in matters pf strict faith, I am entitled to ask why I am bound to make ftis perplexing ohenge in my religion on le-s certain grounds of belief than I find in the published records of the Tridentine Counoil, when I seek to ascertain the letter of the dootrines define which are thereby promulgated ? u I rely on your indulgence for the statement in the Mail of this difficulty, to which, perhaps, some more learned Canonist than myself can supply a satisfactory answer. ' Martin Arches 8hbe. ~ 'November 23.' With this letter the correspondence, so far as we have yet received ft, closes. 