.. BOOKS WORTH HEADING». |i 1 .min arc two kinds of good novels-thoae which are »kipable, and those that aro not.' In tho «rat, the plot may be well contrived, the characters interesting; and the whola Stage management ao skilful that ono is forced to oun 'the cleverness of tho book, even, while the details arc so owmmonplace that it would be waste of time to follow them, ¿loscly. Thoso volumes, though amusing to ruu tluough alone, become wearisome iwhcn read aloud, and aoon nasa from the memory. > mi , ». , i> ,,, , ,, The novels contained in the second . category are few and prccioim, and amongst them may" be'placed " Valentine and His Brother,''» Jtra. Oliphant'!, latest work. ITefc the plot is'Wst striking, the artistic arrangement perfbót, .while' 'dach, character ia such u complete ' study, there ,is '¿o' much rioljlencss in tlie tone of tho ,book, that one would not willingly lose a page., ,, ' ," ,, , ' , ,, It would not be fair to destroy the interest of the »tory, by revealing its secrets. Suffice it >to Bat that Valentine- and his brother are twin sons of a gipsy and'tho Hon. Richard Ross, who; marrying l'oreat Myra for love of- her beauty, fails to tamo or make her happy. After a year of ladyhood, the gipsy finds' the restraint so Unendurable that she escapes from. Her home carrying the twin hoys with her. After seven years, during which all 'efforts to'find hor are unavailing, a rude sense, of justice entera lier darkened mind, and she Tcsolves to ? give upt one child i to his father. One .stormy night the bell rof the castle is loudly rung, rThe old butler opens thendoor,' and before he has time'to speak a hooded trampwoman pushes a shivering boy into the hall, slams the dooï'in the astonished Harding's face, ' and is gone. ¡Hie'child cpn give no t further" account of'.him I BolfLthan that( his'narai* is Val, hut 'a likeness to lus father convinces Lady Esksido that ho.is one of the long sought for children. How -the old lady has yearned for the grand-children so suddenly tom from her is shown by the joy with which sho receives this little waif. It is touching to see how she takes j him to her heart at once, unlaces the muddy boots, and ! warms the cold feet. Arid when nftet- lié has slept i long in her arme, she reluctantly allows Jane t'6 j carry him upstairs, she follows anxiously herself, gil ing many, a grandmotherly cautióul , The fortiuic8 of tlie other.boy, we ' cannot",follow vv ithout revealing too muoh, but Darwin's theory of the inhei itance of psychical habits ia certainly exemplified in him. Brought up among the Bohemians, knowing little of civilis'ed »customs, his whole yearning is for a settled home and regular work. Even the artistic tastes of' his father find their rude expres- sion in bim. When' at lnst he persuades his rnothdr to give up ¿the tramp life ,for his'salee, the gentleman instinct induces him to spend all, hit, spare time in adorning,their two poor rooms. How I this instinct finds ita fulfilincnt the writer arranges in the comfortable way which does not generally, occur in real life. ' i There ia one great advantago in Mrs. Oliphant'» works. She is a lady, and, therefore, can describe the manners mid atmosphere of good society. Almost instinctively one has groy n to uv oid novels in which lords mid ladies appear, so strongly do they generally exhibit the siiohbery of the British mind, which cannot kiasp the fact, that a lord is only a gentleman with | the differential of accidental position, and that a ¡countess acts, feels, .and thinks like any other lady pi ho htis had the same advantages of cultivation. As, however, the generality of author« worship from ¡a distance what they' do not know, tiley caiinot [picture the gentle homeliness of English anstboratie ¡life,'but make their truly fictitious earls and baron p-scs hct, speak, and feel In the lulgar upstart manner Kihich tliey would do themsehes were a coronet gud ¡clenlj to alight upon their heads. This Mrs. Oliphant Ss never guilty of. Bach character is, equally Íiatural-the dignified rugged old Earl, tho kind notherly Lady Esksidc ; the trusty old servants, who !ce e\ cry thing but know nothing, yet are always " to he fore" when required ; and the poor untutored tipsy, who dumbly strives for'the right, and does it he knows not why, in a way which we who do tiideistand moralities, divinities, and all tlie othqr ,'ties'" but seldom accomplish. «p ' '. ) Another book, , and more peculiarly suited to Ivorueit than "Talqiitiiie," is ''The Story of uSoul,"t jiy Mrs. Craven, author of the "Récit d'un Occur." ' It ia simple, yet so beautiful, that when reading one feels in a holier atmosphere, and rises up with a cali/atioii of that Presence which dwells in every cloud of trouble and with a yearning to make, our unseen life grow closer to ita puro ideal. The quota Íions in the title-page are singularly well-found. The irst is Browning's axiom-"The one tiling worth bowing to mankind is a human soul." ¡How completely this agrees with our own con eiençcs the love of metaphysics in everv human nind \i ill testify. Of what interest arc dead facts or iicless speculations except as they beat upon iiinianity ? How wearisome even are biographies Dr histories if occupied only with the outward cir lirmstances and'events. But once pierce boneath, ïhow their influence upon the mind, follow the in iiiard moving«, describe sensations, aspirations, and at »mee the attention 'is riveted, and the narrative Jiecoroes imbued w ith the breath of life. And Brown- ing is right. A human soul is the only thing worth fctudyiiig, for it is tlie only part that can escape decay. On cverj tiling elsq the ban of destruction is laid, and ïor eve* the sad "eui bono" aches, and cannot be ïinsvered, snve by the ,l)ivino essence within us, {which alone has an end, an aim, and a final good. . j In Mis. Craven's story, the tale ia harmoniously S\\\ orked i out, the circumstances well told, though /made subservient to the inner history. Throughout ¡there ure delicious little bits of reflection, and thoughts that one longs to cull and carry away, but, rn ith few exceptions, they are such as would scarcely he suitable for quotation in a newspaper column. Tlie heroine is (i young, Sicilian, left motherless at the dawning of girlhood. ' She is beautiful, and has dangerous characteristics! but a " diamond " beneath,' vxhich, the mother has longed to draw forth and brighten. This is ultimately accomplished by the sorrow which follow s o brilliant marriage. ÍMncvra becomes the"wife of ,an Italian Duke, and for a short time, finds happiness in the attentions of lier huabaud, and in all the accessories of her rank. But not satis- faction, for on the highest point there ÍB no com- munion of soul between the outwardly wedded, and this, as in many another instance, is the sorrow of the w onian's life. At first it is her sole grief, but, ere long, the husband is beguiled by an old love, and leaves his j ouhg wife for long months, forlorn. It is i ot till the'Duke has gambled away his fortune, and they two are living in poverty, that some sympathy is created, and (Knsvra become» for the first time truly .uid deeply happy. Many problems of the day are occupying the muuls of reformers. The manner of disposing of the super- abundance of living human being» » a grave question which Australia offers to solve if the'active bodies required could be conveyed to her »hores. Religious, philanthropic plans are for ever propounded for the benefit of mankind. One half of the world is very bilby talking, while, in spite of it all, the other half tiemains much'as it was, and persists-in being miser luble, and, therefore, disagreeable. { " At all events, death puts an end to all trouble ! " ¡we have been accustomed to think. But oven jthis comfort has lately been denied us, and sanitary ¡savana have demonstrated that the good man, whose ? vears have been devoted to saving life, often, after he is gone, does, more to destroy his kind than' the meat" ' deliberate poisoner unhung. The quick, with'all their faults and follies, are found to he more inoffensive than the dead who vitiate our air and pollute the sources of ou» life. In a new country, there is room for all ; hut i» the old world, the difficulties are hewming most apparent Ev cry day the population of Europe is growing more dense, arid the sequestered churchyard in a few yeoars is found in the centre of a town. A niw cenretery at a safe distance is proclaimed, but ere it is fiUeeî, the population gathers around, ma feyer and sïcknesa appear. The earth is found not to be the deodoriser it waa supposed, and gaseous ghosts unseen tust felt, hover over the new-made graves. What is to be donc ? Sooner or later some remedy must be found, however much aentimeHt and filial reverence may militate against any change in the müde of Bcputtvue. We all love to lay our dead quietly in the arms of mother earth, and plant "with flowets tho spot under which our dear ones are sleeping. So it has been1 for ages, and so we would ht»Te it done unto us. But the trend of public opinion is against our'wishos, and day by day a new movement is gaining strength. Its history is the same as that of all other social changes. Pirat, home obscure hookworm ho»i sounded the initial note which few have heeded and many con- demned as out of tune with the times. Then authors andspeatershavetakenitup.andfamfliariscdthepublit mind with the nnpopular"opiniona.--'-At last agitators have held meetings,, formed assoeiatioiis, and by de- grees the thing has been ¡lone. With regard to cremation, this procesa is not yef completed ; but there are many signs that ere another century has passed, the burning of the body may ihe widely prevalent. ? There will be many a »hock and ' * Valentine and mi Êrtthtr. By M«. Oliphant? '" ' ' ' "'l \+ The Story of a Sonl. By Mr». Craven, author ot " Becit d'un Banu." i wrench before this can be accomplished, and we ccm¿ gratúlate ourselves that'the old state of1 thing*1'W i likely to lust out our day: ' ? , ' At present our notions are associated 'with' the' . funeral pyj-c of thp ancients, and'this is ¿ric reason of our strong.repugnance. But the baok before us, t by the ^ecrefnry, of tho London Crémation Society, , after giving, a history of the various mode» of burial and theil relative bearing upon, the i public health, i describes a process by which a corpse can be'reduced I to ashes noiselessly and unseen, without any of the' hnrrowing accompaniments i usually imagined. 'A1 picture is givcU'of a chapel where the' funbral'ser-' vice is suppbsed to betaking plnce, and iii the vdiiU* of which is the cremator. ' " In olio Dresde» arrangement Wo ,body is' lowered into , «io rrctvivci below, and the idea ,of .¡ntermont is thus in,ai , manner preserved. , In, the English arrangouionl this, is olhoiwiso, and -the coffin is mado to gradually suda uito the recojvor. Tho anguish inducodiy tho, moment of ' doparturo is in this waysomowhnt ameliorated, as thore is no noise of lqworing .machinery to ' grato i upon,the ear., .At certain appointed wprds ia, 1)Ur .beiautyful,! funeral servie« for instance, ' ashosto ashctt'-a,curtain might be partiallvi withdrawn and tho body oncaaod in a, isuitablc- shell, woulcl gravitato slowjy into tho chamber of tho apparatus which woulitithcn, lnuncdiately close, noiselessly ; to ho Dpenede only after the duo reduction of the-, body. Tho utmost piiv.'icy would bo- insured, and no strango eyes could ga/,«. upon it during tho, poriod of inoiaeration., ,The funoral sorviço would also be modo to occupy the whole time neecs-i snry for sublimation if it wero so dosirqd, or a eulogy might form tho subject of a discourso, The ashes coiild after wnrds bo collected and reverentially eplaced in an urn or. othor suitable roceptacio, and convoyed to their,hist resting place." ','.,'. ? i , The process byi the Siemen's apparatus supposed to be placed uridci this chapel is1 thus dctjoribe'd : " The body employed was a severo test of ¡(8 powers, for it weighed no lefis than 227lbs. (16 stone 31ba0, and was not emaciated. It was placed in a cylinder 1 foot long' by 5 or 0 fcot in diameter, tho interior of which wa« already heated to shout 2000 degrees Eahr. The inner surface of tho cylinder is smooth, almost polished, and no solid matter but that of tho body is introduced into it; tho product, there ¡fore.nm bo nothing moro than the ashes of the body. Nothing is visible in tho cylinder before using it-a pmo ¡almost white interior-tho'lining having acquired a tem- perature of white heat. In this ease the grises givon off, so Inbundontlj at first, passed through a highly-heated chnmbci, jnmongthiiusntodsof interstices mndo'bv intersecting fiio brieks, lnid throughout the entiro ehalnbor, lattioo-faskjon, in order to nunutely divido and dolay tho currant, and ¡expose it to au immense area of heatM surfitcp.' By this jroenns they aro1 rapidly oxidised, and not a partiólo of smoko i ¡issued hy the 'ehimiioy. Tho process1 WHS completed in fifty-fivo minutes; and the ashes, which woighecl about !6 lb«., wero roriioved "with ease." i, i ' ' Many religions objections to cremation are raised on the score of the resurrection, apel divines point out in conti listing the two systems that,-*-" The one does' all that man can do to annihilate thobody afterdeath';1 the other protects'and preserves it ; the one scatters to the four winds'the substance eif our möi tal frame'; the either lays'it in the quiet grave there lo'await the ¡day of its resurrection." ' , , j ' Tp\ these' assertions ,therc are many questions. Does inhumation preserve the body-is'not the pio ccss of destruction quite as complete, thpugh slowei than if consumed by die ? Are, the ashes more widely scattered than the decaying particles which,enter into v egctation, and aie spread abroad upon the huid; Does the body always remain in its,quiet giave, until the resurrection >-if so, what of desecrated grave vards. Where, for instance, are the remains of the cnilj 'inhabitants of London J There must have been many jremeteries in the then suburbs which weie iii st hbnndoncd, ' then forgotten, dug up and built ovei. ¡Also, if there were more difficulty in rising from ashes Íhnn dust, how about the martyrs who pèrisjiedat the take? i,,, : Concerning the effect on cliildrcu's budding minda, the objections are far more valid., It is pleusunt that the little ones should imagine Unit the mother, brother, , hev hav c'lost is lying unchanged beneath the ground, jmd "» e wduld fain avoid the shock and perplexity V'hich the other system might involve. The whole subject ü> fraught with difficulties ; on the one hand lhere are sanitary laws calling for obedience; on the other there are' hallowed associations, deep-rooted sentiments.' "We know that sorte ' refbrm is needed, ¡we may spcttK for it, but do riot our hearts rebel against any change in the dear old custom of burial, pnd is there one among us who could yet heal to give jiis loved one to the consuming fire. Perhaps the newly-invented -nicker coffins, with layora of chai coal may supply an intermediate plan and do away with Uie necessity for cremation. ' [ Nenily two years ago, the Miss Hills, daughters of Mr. Recorder lilli, so well known, caine to, Australia vith «"view of- iriakingi'themaelves acquainted with the exterior aspect of the country and the interior lu rangements of her gaols and institutions. Having 'ulfilled their object, they returned home ind, alter the manner of travellers, rrablished their ournal of experiences. ' " What, we saw in Austra iti $" is pleasantly written, mid contains not only much that will be interesting to English rendel», but i good deal ..hat is new to ourselves concerning some leighbouiing colonies, if not of our own. The book ins also one ailv antage over most of the kind-that ill unpleasant personalities are avoided, people with «horn they met being rarely mentioned, except as courteous hosts or obliging ciceroiies. j The first chapter opens with an amusing account of the const«nation caused among relations and iiequaiiitances on learning that two lone ladies had resolved to visit the antipodes. Sonic French friends bspecinllv were unmistakably Shocked ,at such bold it'ss, and only mollified on learning that there were dations to be visited in South Australia. In this, us ninan} similar cases, the alarm, expi eased seems to nive been quite unnecessary. Miss Hill says truly " Apart from tho deep interest excited by the dureront ountries we passed on onr route,the voynge Itself, which ¡ins alwnj s appeared the most difficult piiit at oui enter "irife, proved tq be almost prpsaic. Wo encountered nogales »if any severity, havo to rccoid no alonning adventures, and returned to England, after sixteen months' nbseneo, con- vinced by experience that to persons of average health and strength the difficulties of such a journov exist only in imagination. It may, we feed, sure, be accomplished with ente and comfort by'ladies unprovided with servants or e^nrt. Wo constantly met with kindness ; everybody wa« ¡i cady to afford us assistance ond information . andwe,T «raid the inhabitants of our Australian colonies na ainnnp; ¡the most good-natured ami holpful people it has becu'bitr sroed fortune to meet." After a,voyage in the 1*. anti, 0., and allots at- tendant sight-seeings, the two ladies arrived at Adelaide and reached the íesidence of the aunt whose existence had given comfort to the propriety of the Frenchman. Here they first became acquainted with Australian "gras* and gum-trees, and (unies» Adelaide differs very much from New South Wales) {saw them with very rase-coloured spectacles. Ol' ¡the former they say : 1 » The grass was springing everywhere, and hadi fully -31 .'i-?_.,"- -!_.- ..e ..Í....1-<J¡¡JÍ8 Jjue( of Irish And of the latter- i i'The trees of the eucalyptus trilie vary so much at diflerent periods of growth in different seasons an*positionn and undor different lights, as to produce almost the effect in landscape of tho stone pines, hri, elms, and willows, to» which'In individuals or gioaps, a strong resemblance may be traced.^ While young, or if growing olosely togethor,i' thev possess no beauty ; but isolated trees Bend oat branches ' on all sides, and, attaining to a great slzo, they are often sa huiidpome in form as our finest «lma'and oaks, which Would look sadly dwnifed by their sidca." . . One of the most interesting places visited by the Miss Hills,'during'thefr'stay in Adelaide! 'was the AhoriginaljMistion Station at Poonindie. " Early in tho history; oí South Australia, a »ohool for the aborigines was established In Adelaide, and oontinuedt in. operation for Bomo years. The pupils displayed muoh apt- ness for elementary knowJcdje, but it was- found that on quitting school they did not take to any settled'occupation. Most of thom roturned to their wild life, whilo the few who hung about the town wero shiftless and" destitutei Tho preEeut Bishop qf Perth, Dr- Hale, was at that timo Aroh doiieon of Adelaide. Taking great interest in tho native school, and deeply lamenting its failure- to reclaiuii its pupils from savogsry, he cast about lor some permanent, methed of civilizing them. Ho resolv*d' to form them into an agrioultmral community,, and to,¡establish them, in* district remote from the evils he ftorod. The> form ot goveijinient^was to be patriarchal, and Christianity its gniding spirit. Besides aiding it with his fortuno ane» »fluent», ho resolved with goperoa» self-devotion tobo himcelf »he pastor of this humble fWek. "In Sopteinbar, 1850, Dr. Hato bringing with him cloven aboriginals, five married couples, and a single-man, who had all been educated nt this school in Adelaide, settled on the banks of tho Tod, where the presont little villnfre gradually arose. "Hero a run with about 6090 sheep wiw purchased by the Archdeacon. Government added an oxlensivo tract ot, land, foiming an aboriginal poscrve, and the Colonia) Treasury and the S. V. G. made important contribution« to the funds. Under tho direction of, skilled white woik-¡ men sonic of the natives erected the prosent buildings, while others wore being instrnoted in th» various dutieso£ the farm. A nativo schcol which hadroxisted forsoroo vcars in the, district under a'German mis«onaiy,,l>eing amalgamated, with Poonindie, increascdi tho number pt i inmates, while, individuals, were from, timo «o. tmio. persuaded to leave their tribes and join ttho .mission. ' ü »pita not numerous i deaths , during ??**» .o»Hy "' "i 'o-rtiióffWí. ' Bv tile secretary Eonabn Cremation Scietcty.' ' ' -> J What We Saiv m Avti filiu. Hy Kobitmonel and llor.ence existence, tho population oxeccdod, sixty whoii the wet deacon lcft,amj had reached almost'a, hundred at tho lut of our viBit, rtany infants having boon horn of bifi>' «¿T vi hilo the deaths ¿ave much diminished. ' i "> nV^..uu^IU]wwuiiwiuiiiDsoai,m conduct sónico in the Mission Çhurqhwtth such prppricty'that white sott 1ers m tho'Uoighuo'urhoçd used regularly to nltond. A «1 Ï school for tilo children was soon, established ; classes wai formed for tho, women; and tho mon and oidor boviuh» aro at work during the day attend'a'night Behool. T » necessity ft,r amusements Was nbt forgotten ; musio wal encouraged Somoof fhoyoung inen lead the sin-incat chinch with their flute«, whilo tho tones of 'thovioïm uni concertina arc not unfamiliar in tho' scttlernenl. Otc».' sietUAlly tliTtle"lH dancmè'afid'harmless indoor namo.' aro indulged in. Cricket BOOHIS ' for Wy yoara S have occupied as, prominent a position as ai Harrow or Eton. Örlnk is stricily f.|rbiddon.' No^rlnk, 0f course can bo obialncd lu «he village, but'wq bollcvo 'no Poonlndm nativo has boon known to break tho iulo when sent to th» township on orraudsi ' ' ' , ? « Besfflps thp ¡permanent inhabitants1'pî tffiWuiñ w,' heard of , * <vUrJpy- natiyes,' who, whilo raWining1 tW ordinary moon of life1, 'still hang about th'o mission, stóie tinics, wo beliovp,'attending school and church 'ÍV Poonindie EBintenirwcontalnsl21OOOoc.res. A considerable part is fit only for, feeding shcop, of which thoro aro 10 OflO' pastured upon if. The remainder is well cultivated, and' produres vihbtyf of high quality.' Tho aotllcmont is'nóW scn-Bupporting, arid may bo likonod in many rospects t« «' co-operativo farm. The prouts, howovei, aro'iiot direcdï' slimed aihdng tho workers, as "it is, found better ¿ pay them m wages. Ono mim, wo nro told, earn« 25s1 * week, hut usually they'get'about 15s.¡ ' Tlioy havs/ia addition, houses rent frío, and very liberal ration» of meat flour, sugar, &c.; ' ' , " / ' ' " Tho l-oulino of the day's wwk is laid out for th.'in A 1 eil rings nt,6,a.ni., when tho men who havo jehargé of Uio hoi-scs and bullocks w utei and feed their teams, l'rayqrg in ho church follow at 7. After breakfast tho men dopnrt t» (heir farm work and fijo childreu goto school. Tho boll tings at 12 for dinner, and at 1 work begins agiin, and ' cases at 0. At 9 the bell rings, and all,impair to Mr, Holden's (tho present superintendent) house to wish liini good-night, and thenco depart to thoir home's. " To niointain so regular a life for a permanence i, not possible with these children of nature, accustomed porpetii. ally to royo. Now and then un individual will ask f« leave of absenco, which is always granted. Occasionallv he seeks employment at another station, ,but usually betakes himself to fnonds dwoUing in unrestrained \vddnc*i, and sometimes many mouths elapso before ho roturns, but wo understood no instance has yet occurred of catiro abandonment of oivili/.od lito by those who have poised some yearn nt Poonindie." Thcic arc detailed accounts of life at a squatter'i i home, of sheep-shearing, and many Australian scenes ¡which will have moro charm of novelty to English readers^ than to ourselves. Of course, all gaols and institutions that carne in the way were duly, visited, and noticed, sometimes with approval, and oftener |with suggestions for improvement. In Sydney, as m ^ther* piucos, they pointed out the, need far the i" I'risoneis' Aid Society," which has since bee» ¡established. Cockatoo or Biloela comes in deservedly ,for most unmitigated condemnation, with the excep- tion of the Reformatory, presided over by Mrs.'King, i Arrangements may be altered there now ; but, cer ¡tainly, this so-called "Industrial School" was a (disgrace to the colotiy. Any one'who has visited it can testify that Miss Hill's account is not in the least ' [exaggerated. Two paragraplis alone are enough to touch our heart«, aud to show how little Christian, love mingled with the treatment of the poor young cieatures theie confined. ¡ " At hnlf-pnst 6 in the evening the girls ato lockod up in the dormitories, essentially, gnol-liko nud cheerless. Stone floor»-all worn away w-ilh tho tread of countless criminals-grated iron doors with heavy bolts : instead of ¡windows grated aportures in the blank walls, allowing no outlook upon the scone beyond-all must constantly ini piess upon the minds of tho children tho prison-lik» (linmctei of their life. i " These gloomy chambers oro at so groat a distanco from (bo house« iuhatited hy the submatroiis that thoy heur nothing.tliat goes on among tho gills. None como near thom, but at 9 o'clock the head matron extinguishes ft lamp which till then burns in a small lobby forming th« I atranco to each pair of dormilones. The light ponotrato» but a very little wuy into tile gloomy intonor, and the*» Voung orèatuics, wô are told, muddle and press against th» liars of their prison doors to got as near to' it as they can. .Thus left to themselves for hours toirether with neithor Hipoi vision or oce-upntioii, good, und bud intormingled, jluir outrageous conduct gave us no surprise." Mr. Windeyer, at that time chairman of the Chari- ties' Commission, and Sir. Parkes, then Premier, were the principal friends of the energetic ladies, and under £heir guidance they thoioughjy investigated every- thing ol' interest 'in our capital. No doubt the account of Melbourne, which they subsequently sisited,- is as interesting- ae that of the.ather colonies ; but there is naturally much sameness ia gaols and snob buildings, and by the time the reader lias reached that stage m the book the attention of th» íess phiinnthropic begins to ttag. ,In the latter part [there is much mention of the boarding-out system for ¡destitute children. This plan consists of placing orphans in families of the poor-the society paying a iixed sum tor their maintenance, and exercising huporv ision oi cr them until ot a certain age. My this, means it is supposed that gi cater individuality of, ¡charnctei will be developed, and the boys and girls leiidereil moio piaetically lit to combat with Jie ¡world than when massed iii large usvlums andbrought up undci unnatural circumstuiices. , There is much to be said in favour of this sv stem, which lins been found to a certain extent Biicccs¡>ful in ¡Victoria ¡md Adelaide. At the same time, the diffi- culties of finding suitable homes and watching the treatment the little ones Teceive from their foster parents aie ecitainly great. , In European countries, k\lieie theieaie a large nuiiibei of respectable families, ivtng within a convenient nidius, tin» would be easy ruough ; but near our towns the people aie to» .well tri to ibe tioublod with an extra child, and in the bush who will see that the young warder does not become tho settler' .* drudge, or grow up in almost heathen ignorance ; However, as the experiment in ^Victoria showed flint out of G-tO children boarded out only 84 pi o ved failures, it may be well to give the Lystem a trial in New South Wales._ ^_ .. AUSTRA.LIR. September I. !-_' , , ?,..,._¿js j LFAKNPU JocrtMim.-The Pall ifpfí Gazette ob- serves that "oui own magistrates often delight the (officials of tlieir Courts I)) their witticisms, but their humour is not to be compared with that of their ¡brethren ot the United States.,« The "other dar, according to the Detroit Free Pi ess, ' a little bit of » gunn, wearing a bilious-looking plug hat,' ajid speak Í^nir in ihild-like tones, was placed in the dock. Why tor, thou seedling:' inquired the Judge, look ng up. 'I'm a prisoner, but I'm entitled to be treated ¡with respect,' squeaked the little man, standing ¡on his tiptoes and growing red in the face I* Respectfully t jour obedient servant,' replied ¡his Honor, waving his hand around with ¡inimitable grace. 'I won't be made fun of-I 'tell you. I won't 1' squealed the pnsoner. 'Fun! fun ' ' repeated the Judge. ' Sir, tina is. a aenou» world, with four pounds of heartache to one old tnshioned grin. No, sir, I see no fun hete. The charge is being drunk and raising a> great ' row-a very seuous thing.' '"Who says I got drunk*' squealed the little man ; ' who says-1 raised a great ¡low ' It is a conspiracy to get me" out of the neigh- bourhood.' ' Prisoncer at the bar," said his Honor when the evidence was all in,, ' now is the time to ¡make a Iburth of July speech, if you are ever gouigi ¡to make one. If you have any evidence-, hurl it at ¡me.' Silence. 'Darious Worthington Jones,' re Isumed the Judge, after waiting for an answer, ' )0U I are chalked for si-rty days. You wont set out any onions this spring, and you-won't be- aroand when i the first circus strikes Detroit. Ma) day will nnil i you making chairs, 'and June berries will liare I ripened and vanished ere we ga/e upon your face 'again.' " J LOOKING ON TUB BMOHTSTOB.-Here ia» lette» from a -wife to her husband in California t-" My dear hus iband-As' it is now some time Since you left for Cah fomia, I suppcrse you w otdd he glad to hear how we jaie getting along in your absence. I am happy W ' say that w e are enjoying v ery good health on the 1 whole. Just at present two of the, boya have got the i smallpox. With trifling exceptions we are all well, land getting along nicely. Yoii, needn't be at all i! anxious about us. I almost forget to say that Sara» | Matilda eloped last week. Poor giri ! She's been ¡ waiting for the last ten jeora for a chance, and I'm glad she's married at "last. She needn't have . taken the trouble to elope, though; for I'm sure ¡I wab glad enough to have her go. She L was a great eater, and I find that baked beans dont h go off now near so fast as they did. The way tint ¡ gul would dip into pork and beans was a caution to I the rest of the family. The cow took it into her head j yesterday to run away, which WBB very fortunate, I m sure, for'the'barn caught fire last night and was con ! Burned. 1 was in hopes the house would go too, for 1 it's \xry inconvenient, but the wind was the wrong ' way, so'it didn't receive much injury. Some hoi» broke into the orchard the other day, and stripped au ; iho fruit trees. J ani\>ry, glad of it, for if thby hadn t \ I .presume the children would have made thomson» | jil by catuig too .much fruity lipping you.enjoy your- self in California as well as we do at home, I remu» I your affectionate wife."-Owe a WecK. THE QUEEN V. WHITE.-Tho, full Oourtj neKvered judgment in' «his Wso yesterday 'morninij.l Their Honors unanimously held, thut an attempt to bnbq a member ' of Parliament' was a common Liw mis-) demeanour, and that tho information against'White was good. Tho oonviction, therefore, is sustained. A question, ihowcvor, has alison, whether .Mr. Justice Hargravo had power to impost) hurd labour in addition to imprisonment for three years ; and on Friday morning next tho question ?will be argued whether such a sentence ia crronoous, und also, whethor, tho full Court can amondit. In tho moan* liuio tho defendant has been admitted to bail. THE EVIDENCE TO ' CONVICT AN HAiUTUAr, DnuNKAnn.-A man named Connolly was, yesterday, chai god at tho Central Polico Court as nn habituil drunliard. Any person having boon thrico convicted of drunkonnoss Within fwelvi» months, and found bohaving in a disorderly, or riotous ntnnnor, is liable, undnr tho provi- sions of tho Vagrant Act, ' to six months' itnprisonmpnt. Documentary ovndonco was given that within tho poriod namod John Connolly had been convicted of drunkenness j and Bcmor-sorgeant M'Kny, tho otlicor in .charco of tho Court, boing sworn, dopbscd that to the best of his bolief the poison before tho Court is tho porson rofcrrcd to in tho depositions produced ; ho would not, however, positively swear that this prisoner ia tho mun referred to in tho papors produced. Mr.' Carroll, ? ter tho dofonco, submitted that that ia not sufficient evidence on which to convict his client-nothing less than h positivo oath, that this man is tho identical mtm íotorrod to m tho sovonil depositions relied on is sulficiont to convict onyono-ofni criminal offence. The Mayor and the Bench unanimously sustained tho objection', nnd refused to remand tho prisonor for tin) j reduction of otbor evidenco. Tho polico, knowing tho charge, ought to hnvo prepared themselves with tho piopor evidenco m support thereof. ' QUFANDKYAN.;-A telegram received yestor . day state« :-Tho Public school closed to-day under the Jolle-wing circumstances. 'Tho local Boaid rccommondod Uio-removal of Mr. Holland, tonchor, on account of a speooh delivered by him at the O'connell Centenary colobration. 'iho Council o£ Edncetion rofu.sod compliance, although not »ppioving of Mr. Holland's language. No'rout haviug b«u paid by tho Council of Educution for tho uso of the loom, tho chairman of the' local board, as ' landlord, closod ? the school. . ' - ' , *- ¡ THIS SETTLING.-The settling of the late Spring Mooting of tho Australian Jookoy Club took placo at Taltoi&ill;'s last ovoninu, whon tho following chequos wore raid ovoi :-Mr. Branch, £12-10 ; Mr. J. Tait, £820; Mr. itouso, £033 ; Sir Hercules Ilobinson, £-149 ; Mr. J. D. little, £374; Mr. Tate, £276; Mr. A. Bowman, £271; Mr. T. Loo, £218; Mr. De Mostró, £208 ; Mr. Jollctt, £200 ; Mr. A. Town, £167 ', Mr. T. Ivory £1-18 ; Mr. Mayo, .£140; Mr. Gardiner, £140; Mr. J. Eales, £13t ; Mr.- -Sovior, £132 10s.; Mr.' G.' .Hill, £ti0; and íovorál smaller amounts. Champagne was ordorod by tho winners, and tho following toasts wore piopoBcd and received with moro than the usual honours;, *' Iho winnora, couplld with the nanio of Mr. John Tait," "Sir Ilorculcs Robinson," " Tho Handicnppor," "Tho Chairman;" "Mi. It. Driver, M.L.A-.," "The Secretary of TattorauU's Club," " Tho Committee of TattorBall's Club,',' " The litmon, coupled with tho namo of Mr. T. Loo," and " Tho Visitora." A subscription was mado for Flannigan, who was injured hy Llama falling with him in tho Forced Tinndicap, and between £30 and £40 was collected in a fow anmuten. The gencrtd sottling was only tolerably satis- factory, and soveral backers wero inquired about. SALES' OF KACEIIOIISES.-Mr. T. S. Clibbom disposed of the following Ihorses yesterday :-Brown horse, Excelsior, by Yattendon from Petrol, for 300 guineas ; bay horse, Conquorer, by Now Warrior (imported) out of Emery, te Mr. M'Mullon, for 80 gùinoas; bay horso, Buccaneer, i years, by Kingston (imported) out of Car- lotta, to Mr. M'Mnllon, for 48 guineaá ; bay filly; 2 years, hy ldlo Boy out of Lady Emily, to Mr. J, Finnie, tor 53 guinea«; bay mare, Bally, by Rebel out of Mag-on-tho wing, to Mr. G. Osborne, for 1,5 guineas; pair of cream ponies, to Mr. J. A. Campbell, for £45. Tho following horses wore bought!in,/and at tho undermentioned pricoá aro lu our hands for private sale, viz. : Chesnut maro, Expicss, 5 years, by Mail Train (imported) out of Littjo Queen, for 220 guinoas ; brown horso, Lord John, 5 years, by Lend of tho Hills (imported) out of Lurline, for 240 guineas ; brown horso, Roin .deor, by Now Wari ¡or out of Aurora,'for 50 guinoaà.. Mr. Georgo Kiss reports- having sold tho following horses yesteiday:-For Mr. Alkina: Diagram, chcstiiut geldinir, ¿£42, to Mr. Bloomfield. For Mr. Eales : Wombo, a chest- nut gelding, £63, to Mr. Itatusay; Lycurgus, a groy golding, £40 19s., to Mr.-Brown; Little John, by Mari- byrnong, £105, to-Mr. Smart. For Dr, Spehcor: Tho Demon, a black colt, £73 10s., to Mr. John Hotiun. For Mr. W. Archer: Lord Lyon, a chestnut horse, £173 As., to Mr. J. S. Smith. For Mr. Gordon: Hollyhawk, a bijy horso, £35 14s., to Mr. Henton. For Mr. J. S. Saiith : Hamid, a chestnut gelding, £10 10s., and Glaucus, ,n ehestiut golding, £19 10s., to Dr. Hamilton. For'Mr. O. Hall : Claudo du Val, jim., £30 15s., to Mr. M'Intyrp. Por Mr. Cosgrove: A brown gelding, £2-5, to Mr. Bowos. Tor Mr. W. Archer: A chestnut colt, £42, to Mr. G. Kent. .. . I AiiroiNTKENT,-¡Captain. W. W. Spalding, of the Kow South Wales Artillery,, has boen' appointed Adjutant df the Volunteer Artillery Brigade', with tho tank of Captain. " \ ACCIDENT TO MB. It. B. SMITH, M<L.A.-W(e regret Jo state that on Thursday ovoning last, about' 7 o'clock, the hocorablo nienibor for tho Hastings met with an accident, fracturing his left arm.1 Mr.' Smith wits riding his horso in Liverpool-street; at a wulkiiuj paco, with a lousa rein, whon opposite Camoion's tobacco manufactory a dbg rushed at his horso and caused the, horse .to any. Mr. Smith, not being on his gtinid, was thrown violently to tho , ¡freund. Ho immediately rose, and walked to tho, residence ct Dr. Kenwick, closo by, who, with tho assistance of Dr. Day, sot tho fractured arm. Mr.' Smith has sufficiently Tecovered ti) resume his professional duties. ' ' CoNTBACT FOB SUPBLT OF CASTOR <DlL.-"V^O understand that tho contract for tho supply of castor oil for tho Departinont of Public Works has Mon taken by a Mlil bouino firm. Tho oil. is used largely for lubricating the machinery. j POLICE EXPLOIT IN THE JINGERAS.-The following is from the Queanbeyan Age :-Last evening senior-sergeant Brennan and constable McDonagh returned to town from the Jingeras,whither they went in pursuit of a notorious cattle- stealer, against whom a warrant was issued, bringing with them in custody Robert Jobson, the man named in the warrant.They started in pursuit of their quarry on Monday evening, and arriving at their des- tination early yesterday morning, the senior-sergeant sent his subordinate to one house, where he thought the object of their pursuit might possibly be, and he himself went to another place. From the ,house, the senior-sergeant ap- proached, and as he was entering the back door he saw a man running away out of the front door, in his shirt and trousers, barefooted, as if' he had just got out of bed. He challenged the runaway, who, continuing his flight, was fired at two or three times by his pursuer, but it seems without effect. The pursued then fell into a creek, and was pounced upon by the sergeant, who made him his prisoner. He turned out to be the wanted man, and, as stated above, was forthwith brought into Queanbeyan and lodged in gaol. LOST IN THE BUSH.-Respecting1 tho finding <>f tho remain* of'a hoinah being in the bush, noor Bill jua, in the Richmond River district, on the 13th August, wo (C. and R. Bzahiiaer) haye learned' the,"following par- ticulars:-On the ovoning of the 11th August, two;block .follows brought Mr. K. Boss, J, P., residtng )n tho' above township, a small-bore ritle, half-cocked, a tomahawk, and a butcher's knifo, which thoy said they had found in a irian frovo scrub, about five miles from Ballina, near somo unían bonos. Tho ritió was identified by Mr. T. Mobb's, a storekeeper of Titíllinn,,ás his. property, having lent it «uno four years since to a porson named Anthony Brooking, a recent arrival from New. Zealand, for tho purpose' of shooting some wild cattle; but who nover returned, although a search party, consisting of scnior-constablo ELcn «loreon with a fow constables and some black- fellows, sought for tho lost man. Upon rocoipti of .tho particulars from J, the .black», on tho »morning! of the 13Ü1 August,,a party comprising sonior- constabltrBkss mann, Mr. J. Sharpe, Mr. E.- Rews, J.P., and Mr/Eaion, 8ub- colloctor ef Customs, accompanied by tho two black- fellows who had found the remains, proceeded to the «pot indicated, where they paw tho bones-the upper portion of the skull, without the teeth, the thigh bonos, and those belonging to the arms being, scattered about within a short distance; whilo under the remains was found a silvor watch, about 17s. in monoy, and about ton yards f urthor on was a bolo about 9 inches deep, as if dug for water, and oloao 'by wero the traces of a, camp fire. As the water obtajned .by stoking would bo 'salt, it ÍB probable that the unfortu nato man died from thirst and expoBUro;'and as it wasîmpos 8ü>Io to identify tho remains, the I bone» wero buriod on1 tho «pot whom thoy wero found. The property is in tho hands of the police for identification by the friends of tho doccased, vho has added another to the roll of those who havo porishod ia tho bush. " ' -, ! . >? , , THE STATB SCHOOLS OP VICTOBIA.-The Xandslorongh correspondent of tho Pleasant Öreeh Neto» writes :-For the last -twelvo year» a very noticeable land tnaiknr feature in our,town has been along, low, iron shed, -standing on tho crown of Camp-hill. A strangor would at once pronounco tho structure to be 'a stable, or perhaps a cow-fhed until he obtained a closor view ; then seoing its exttemo dilapidation, ho would immediately rotract his nasty conjecture, -and ufcible to'guess to what use Such a rum could be put to, he would give up tho conun , , ?aruni. The shattered nondescript is nothing loss than tho Landsborough- State 'school,' Nó.I'71'O. ' Doorlesa, flooiksB, windowloss.eméky, droughty, nndrloketty, it has Contained during- tho prtat > inclement 'woathor a ' day .avcrago of ninety suffering atoms of humanity, their con- fiding parents labouring under tho pleasing fictian 'that their unfortunate children ure being educated by tho State. The truth is, they aré daily sowing tWsocds of consumption (tndiheumatisai in their bodies by exposing thomsolv*s in all weathers in a building not fit to house well-bred cattlo, and vet meetings havo been held, tho Minister of Education nas been petitioned, tho board of advico has advised, Parlia- ment itfelf has fuhuinatedi private influenco has been usod, but tlio Hon. Mr. Mackay turnod a deaf ear to all on -treajic*, and calnúYVWlt?m>\biiildbig hispaiatiál schools in -Meilicurno. WiJ4,UictJniäwJri,inister of Education proyo as sjbcjiu-ate as his rirodooossor, I wonder f LicttáK^At'Sv.' 'Axtdtew** Ohjúofe.ofBng-! hmd scboplhom»,1IiMt nijthCMr. 0> Rv PoÙpck ^delivered an interestingSecturo on "Athens." Thor» waa'-»ïvery lai go attendance, notwithstanding the unsettled at(tUi of thal w athor. - -ïno Dean of Sydnoy occupied the chair. The proceeds of J3U> lccturo.will bo given to }ho,spliool .fond. j TIN-KIETTLINO.-The LandBborough corres-j pondent of tho Pleasant Greek Kews rolatoa the following! disgraceful affair, both as regards tho roughs who'perpo-t tratcd it and tho police who . tolerated H :-"Ono of thoso disgraceful affairs, in which tho roughs of this place soem to indiilgo in at nearly every weddiug that takes plaoo.r occurred hero on last Sunday night. Tho roughs, who had heard that ,a very , respectable, coirplo wore t>( be united in tho holy bonds of wedlock on Sundayi afternoon, had prepared thomsolvea, with tin cons und cow-horns, with Which they proceeded tb tho'reflldonco of tho newly-married obuplci about an hour after tho people lind loft church, and thero commenced operations. What with the yelling, hooting, rattling of tin cans with-stonos in them, and tho blowing of cow-horns, any dno would havo, thought that Pandomomum had brokon IOOBO ; and this wa* ciinied on for about an hour, until it was plainly seen tho pi lico did not intond to intorfoio, although it was only a fi vv hundred vuids from the police camp. So tho only wa)' left to get rid of the blackguards wa« to givo them a sum of monoy, whioh I .beliovo was dono; Thoy then dis- persed. It is a disgrace to any civilized community that, Iheso things should bo allowed,' moro especially on a Sunday night, and that peoplq should bo obliged to submit to hivo monoy oxtortod from thom in this mnnnor, as well as to have to support a lot of careless policemen." ' ' COAL AT COPMANHURST,-Tho correspondont of tho O', and R. Examiner says : Our local blacksmith; Mr. H. Bungalo, ha« oxliibitod considerable outorpriso dur- ing tho pnat week in having' undertikon to solvo the long sp< ken of coal question in a practical way-ho having gono out with a dray to tho sito of tho alleged deposit, somo few miles from boro, and returned with about two tons of coal of a very promising quality. Of course, having boon takou from near tho surface, it is not BO brilliant in appoaranoo as Wallsend, but still it shows indications of a valuable do pm.it. Somo of tho lumps aro of good sizo and remarkably bright, burning woll and emitting largo quantities of gas. DEATH BY DitowNiNO. - We (Deniliquin Chronicle, of tho 9th instant) regret to roport that a fatal suident occurred to a carrier named John Qrenfoll, or Glenson, on Monday last, on the road to Moama. Grenfell piii-scd tlnough Deniliquin on Saturday with his brother, luiving waggons loaded wi(h wool, wo hear, from Moonbria, Thoy camped on tho Gulpa Creek, and in putting thoir bullocks across, deceased wont into the water on his horso, and when a short distance in his horso commoncod to plunge, throwing tho unfortunato man into tho wator ; ho ti icd to swim to tho bank, but whon within a fow foot of it lie fank. Tho body Was rocoverod yostorday. Doo DEVOURED' BY A SHARK.-Tho Newcastle C/n on tele says that a fine Newfoundland dog, tho property of M i. J. 15. DawBon, lost its hf o in a mannor that ought to servo ns n warning tobatheis. Tho son of Mr. Dawson, and some ot her boys wore on tho beach just behind tho old gaol, ?musing tbomBelvcB by throwing sticks in tho water for the dog to fetch out. Tho dog, howovor, was suddonly ncen to disappear, and in a very short timo after, tho surface oi tho water whero he had disappeared was stained with blood, leaving no doubt as to how tho poor créature had met its death. WORKING OF THE VICTORIAN EDUCATION ACT. -The Maryborough and Dunolly AdvertUer reports: M r. Warburton Carr, P.M., mado somo strong observations on tho working of tho Education Act at the police court yihterday, when some parents woro brought bofore him, charged undor tho 13th section of tho Act with nogloot iii£ to send their children to school. Of oourso tho in- evitable excuses and explanations wore mado by tho parents. One floor woman, residing at tho Bot-Bot, appeared for hor huxbund, who has long been confined to bed through lllncsB. Theso pooplo livo by sorving milk-a vory prcj enrious exmtenco-and tho little boy aged nino years, whom the parents were summoned for neglecting to send to schooj, lind to be taken to drive out tho milk-cart. The mother said that owing to tho proBtrntion of tho fathor of tho >( util, tho was placed quite on tho horns of h dib ninia. If she employed anyone to diivo'tho cart aho would bo flucd for wages whioh ho was quito unablo to pay, mid if slio took her child from school to do so sho bocamo hablo to penalties. She stated-that tho father taught (lie i hi Id on his sick bed. In fining tho woman Is., Mr. Cm siiid the Education-Act was ostensibly pnssod for tho bono tit of tho poor, but tho poor suffered from' it« operation, while those well ablo to pay far tho education of their children benefited by it. Tho very poor wero subjected to hardships through it, whilo tho rioh derivo the chiof b< nofits of the system. Mr. Hoskins, who very kindly selika for the poor woman, said that if tho magistrates lluoughout the colony would say that in thoir opinion trio Act WHS cruel and inoperative in ita provisions, somo amendment might bo hoped for. Mr. Carr : " Woll, thoo, I do say that tho Act in somo of ita provisions is craol and inoperative. I havo now heard a nuinbor of cases, in w Inch it wits niado pérfeotly plain that the Aot indicted unjust hardships on very poor persons. In all casos nearly the excusos made and borne out aro somowhat similar to those hero alleged." In1 another coso a coloured man was fined 5s. for not complying with the Act., There is rio doubt but that Mr. 'Carr is perfectly right, and thero ia no mngistrate in the colony more competent to give an opinión on tho question than ho is.i Only recently a number nearly twenty patients-Wore brought before Mr. Carr ¡it Carisbrook on tho samo complaint. In ovory ono of thoko cates it transpired that the parents .wore so poor, and wore placed in such circumstances, that ' thoy had no alternativo but to keep their children'from sohoól, and Mr. Carr only inflicted a nominal penalty in'each instanoei '¡ A IlAnF. BIRD.-The ¡Burrangong , Chronicle says that Mr. T. C. Burnell i shot a bird at ^jVUhart's dam, which, to us, is a stranger. It is about tho si/o of a painted snipe, with white breastünd black back and wings, tho bill being liko that of the imperial snipe but bomowljat sharper at tbo point. A BRUTE.-The Armidale Express reports tlie following diabolical conduct :-A min named O'Noill was charged with asBoulting his wifo at Vegetable Crook, on, (ho Jtlst ultimo. Sonior-oonstablo lionihan 'gave ( lenglhcncd'ovldenco as to tho main facts of tho case, winch wero corroborated by Mrs. O'Noill.' Prisoner had boen drinking at a public-houSo, and his wifo went to tho place' to get him homo ; and tho assault was committed on tho morning of tho 31st August', and was of a most atrociqus nature. - Tho unfortunate woman was dragged from her bed, and her clothing stripped from off hor. The inhuman w i etch (hei husband) then beat hor for two hours with a stick, the thickness oV& broom-hahdlo, Ultimately ijho CK uped, and w ulkcd, in a nudo Btato, about n quartor of a mile, io a neighbour's" place. It was also proved that! ho' dragged bei through a fence ; and, froui the treatmept sho rc(eived( sho, was sore all over tho bi)dy. Tho accused was sentenced to six months' lmprlsonment,'with'hard labour. FOOTBAIX. -i LYNDHURST COLLEGE V. 2ND WAHATAHS.-On tho 28th ultimo, a game'whs. playod bo tween the above 'clubs, fifteen in each team. Tho Watatahs, being ehoit, of players, had thoir foam supplemented hy Barff and Caruthcrs of tho Uni- versity Club,, and the collegians ,wqio ,allowed two of thoir old collego follows, 'John ' Flynn and ,M. Williamson, now also of tho University F. C. The .Wsnrtahs won ohoicoof goals, »and had both ground and ' wind strongly in their favour. Play was kept tip irio&t; vigorously for about an hour and a half, when chnnge of goals took placo. '. The 'Lyndhurst boys, captained ¡by Joseph Flynn, and aided by John, Flynn and M. William- son, succeeded insetting (during tho match) five touches down ond ono goal, which was woll kicked by J. Mulcahy. Cn luthers, and Usher played well for the Waratahs, and the Flynns, M. Williamson, Fitzpatrick, Barnes, Gabriel, and Gafiney distinguished themselvoa, and woro ropcatodly cheered by tho spectators for the excellence of thoir play J VICTOBIA THEATRE.-There ti^'û, probably few- works which have gained auch an extended popu- larity as tho old German i tradition of ¡''Faust." It.has been adapted to ?. poetry, ta tragedy, to Our- let quo, and to,i romance/,, been found moro or loss acceptable in all theso, , forms. , In tho opora-bouffe it has assumed another, shape, but'one which has little to recommend,it. , Hcrvu's "Lo Patita, Faust " is simply ia silly burlesque upon tho opera! by Gounod ; it is, provocativo of laughter, not with, but at, its absurdities and incongruities. Faust is transformed first into a swell of tho mediinvul agos, and noxt into a "gent."1 of tho ' period. > 'Mephistopheles1 is a sort of jovial burlesque prince. Marguerite is a "Girl of the Period," aa she is described in the. bills, apparently half milliner and half barmaid. "Valentino is a sort of nondescript imbecile. Siobel is a feminino pago. The music is commonplace, infused with a flavour of popular ballads. Misa Clara Thompson as Mephistopboles, was, perhaps, the most attractive form of tho demon that" we baye had presented hero. 8he sang tho musio of tho part very effectively, ' and her1 'make-up ia worthy of encomium. She introduced che'song "There's nothing half so jolly as a moonlight walk," and being encored, substituted a solo on an infantile presentment of a co#not. Mr. H. Bracy as Faust mado the most of a stupid part. As Valentino 'Mr. Farley had a ral« that suited him little, but he did all he could with it. Marguerite was lim T~"".,.".l 1... MS.. T-:. -iir.-_".-_' --. 'BUCC08Sfnlly# To-night, . . - -J produced, with'Miss Melville as Arline. , [, I QUEEN'S THEATHE.-^To-niglit, Madame1 Jan ouschek appears as " Mario Stuart, the'Catholio Quecnl" in Schillor's tragedy of that namo. ' , ' ' LOYAL ORANGE INSTITUTION.-The members of the No. 10 Loyal Qrango Lodge celebrated tho anniver- sary of their Lodge with a' dinner and concert, at the Temperance nail, Pitt-strcot, labt night. About 1Ö0 per-' sons were present. Tho tables were laid by Compagnoni,» After dinnon a numboriof ,toasts woro, proposed by tho chairman, Mr. G. L. Carter. " Success to No. 10 Lodgo and the Orange Institution all over tbo,,Worhl," wastprq pofcdby Mr. J. Davies, M.L.A.,and responded to by tho chairman, After the,srioechcs there was a concert, in which the following persons took part, vir. :-Missos Wiseman nnd Davoren, 'Messrs. Ackland, H/'ajfidiT^ Godfrey, Oatftnyi Lloyd, Graham, .and a number of1 lady'and 'gentleman amateurs. Th6' Máu/víus' â'Arfcocss, »riítórtninatodkt li o clock. ''"'."' * -**. 