DETECTION OF A WICKED WAG. Mr. Punch will thank the Directors of the Free Public Library for a cheque for £20 at their earliest convenience. On the entrance door (a glass one) of the Library there is posted, the following notice : — FREE PUBLIC LIBRARY. £10 REWARD. — Tiie Trustees of the Free Public Library offer a Reward of £10 fur such information as may lead to the conviction of the person who mutilated Murmurs of the Stream, by Henry Parkes, by cutting therefrom the portrait of the Author. On the other side of the door, dos a dos to the above, is another notice offering a like reward for the detection of the person Who mutilated Sands' Sydney Directory for 1873, by cutting therefrom the list of Midwives. Mr. Punch after scanning these notices with mighty interest, immedi ately set his detective faculties to work, and is now able to state his full conviction that the two sublime poetical works referred to were mutilated by one and the same person, and that that person is none other than the Hon. W. Forster. The public may be curious to know how Mr. P. found this out, and they will be shocked to learn that, since the mutilation of the Hermae by Alcibiades, a more abominable con spiracy for the introduction of barbarism, and tlie murder of the moral, political, and poetical character of a Protagonist of popular rights has never been devised in any civilized country. Mr. P. will throw a few flashes of his lantern on this dark business, and show how he collared the culprit. In the first place, Mr. P. knew that the Trustees of the Public Library intended to publish a Life of Parkes, which was to appear on or about the Greek Kalends, and which together with Mr. G. A. Lloyd's letter to the Little Boys of London was to re place all the present text books in the Public Schools, forming a com plete course of instruction in morality, poetry, prudence, politics, and insolvency. It had been decided by that learned body that Parkes bears a remarkable resemblance to Socrates, not in the nose only or in general ugliness, but in his distinctive mental and moral qualities and in the history of his career. Socrates cared little for money; Parkes cares less — especially when the money belongs to other people. Socrates was fond of confidential communi cations with a demon ; Parkes made a familiar of a felonious ghost. Socrates dragged down philosophy from heaven to earth ; Parkes, by way of a change, banished politics from earth to heaven. Socrates was a meteoric character (teste Aristophanes) ; " Parkes is a dreamer — his head is always in the Clouds " (teste John Robertson). Socrates got a Plato to write his Apology ; Parkes got a Walter Cooper to apologise for his action in the Gardiner case. Socrates was addicted to hem lock juice ; Parkes has ft predilection for a colonial bier. Socrates' mother was a midwife — Aha ! Do you twig now ? Is it not as clear as mud that the list of midwives was abstracted with the view of pre venting Parkes' biographers from ascertaining whether any of his maternal ancestors belonged to that honorable profession, and thus establishing beyond cavil the title of Henry Parkes to the appellation of the Colonial Socrates. Aryal, the party who stole the midicires, also mutilated the " murmurs," and the theft and mutilation were perpe trated for the purpose of strangling Mr. Parkes' Life. Now, who so likely to do this as the Hon. W. F. ? Every one knows that he hates the "murmurs" because he thinks that they outshine his own grum bles. Nothing would delight liiin more than to have every remembrance of Parkes obliterated. He cannot forgive Parkes' arbitrary conduct when at the head of the Empire. Parkes still owes him a few shillings for articles, and" murmurs " about the payment. Besides, the Hon. W. F. is a religious cove, and remembers that those who murmured in ancient days were destroyed of the destroyer. Aryal again, the Hon. W. F. is the Apollyon who perpetrated the mutilation and, — Aryal lastly, that Mr. Punch is entitled to the £20 reward. 