NEWS AND NOTES. The opinion of the hon. Solicitor General on the case of M'Dowall v Howard was obtained on Saturday afternoon. Mr M'Dermott considered that the ma jority of the bench did quite right in dismissing the case, and said that the propel: method of dealing with the matter was to issue a summons against the defen dant for having used language calculated to provoke a breach of the peace. The bon. gentleman intimated, at the same time, that it was quite unusual for one section of the bench to publicly announce the reasons for their decision. The body of John Chisholm, a miner and carter by ahd a brother of James; Chisholm, cele bfated in connection with the Pleasant Creek Jumps, was found in a water-hole, on the Black 'Hill Plat, on Monday;afternoon. The deceased, who leaves, a wife and family to mourn his loss, was last seen on Saturday night at Bibby’s hotel, when'he was then under the influence of: liquor. As' ho did.not return home on Sunday search Was iflaile for him unavail ingly until Monday afternoon, when drags were ob tained from Sergeant Larner, and in the Black Hill Company’s dam, on the way to his house, the body of the unfortunate nan was found. An inquest will be held at the Royal Oak hotel,, Peel street, at four o’clock this afternoon. The deceased was discovered standing upright in; the water, and a bottle half-full of whisky was found in one of his coat-podkets: 6n Sunday mofnidg, idformatioh wds seht to the Snake Valley police-station to the reflect: that a mad man was roaming about in the neighborhood of Lillerie and Chepstoive. Constable Dowd immediately proceeded out in that direction with a conveyance. In the meantime, the man entered Mr Cook’s Lillerie hotel, where he was detained until the constable arrived, when he was enticed into the vehicle without much trUtiblb dtifl dfWeh td jbbh Snake Vallejr lock-ilp. He has evidently escaped from the Ararat Asylum, as the letters A. T. H. are stamped upon each side of the brim of his hat, aid, in his ravings he : talked re : peatedly of the “ high barracks.” He was forwarded to Smythesdale bn Monday cn route to the Ararat Asylum. • • • ; . ■ Our Learmonth correspondent writes!-^ 1 " The Bight Rev; Dt O’ddnhor, B.C. Bishop of Baiiaral, accom panied by the Very Kev, Dean Moore, paid the town ship a visit on Monday, but only privately. They -were received on their arrival by Messrs James S. Smith, Nicholas Purcell, Michael. Cavanagh, and Martin M. Ryan, members of the committee. After inspecting the new church building, an adjournment was made to the present chapel) and : after a brief stay the bithUp ifid, dedh fetlifhbll id BallUftit by Burrumbeet. The bishop’s induction to the diocese will be celebrated hero on Sunday, the 21th instant, on which occasion he will preach a sermon in aid of the building fund of the church. A great gathering is expected. The total amount of tenders accepted for the • completion of the edifice reaches the sum of £971, the following being accepted to carry out the various works) yiS.:—Messrs Qedfge Buckley bud dd.) rbplirs lb brickwork; Messrs Irving and Qlover, roofing and other carpenters’work; Messrs Julian and' Son, plastering; ’ Messrs Stansfield and Robson, painting and glazing. In order to have every thing uniform and appropriate, the committee would do well to pay some little attention'to the sito, which in its present condition has more the appearance of a stockyard than a church reserve. A plantation of trees and shrubs would not be much, additional coat) and Would at tliti Bitiie time materially set otf the architectural points and the design of the building.” A man named William Truscott was brought from Qeelong on Monday; where he had been arrested on a charge of having disobeyed a summons against him for having used obscene language in June last. Trua cott was lodged in the Eastern loek-up. 1 Lovers of the find arts may Bee tWo bhoide paint ings during the next few days at Messrs Byres Bro thers’ ironmongers’ shop in Sturt street. These paintings are the Art Union prizes which befell to the lots of Messrs C. M. Watson, solicitor, and Mr Henry Brind, chemist, both of Ballarat. Mr Watson’s prize is valued at £4O. It is a painting by W. H. Foster of a scene on the River Lowther, a little stream which issues from Lake HaWeswater and' aoufseß Its way through, meadows and woods until it joins the Eamont near to Brougham Hall. The stream is noted for its many beautiful scenes, and Mr Foster has caught one of them and transferred it to canvas with a rare skill; There are a few black-faoed sheep 111 the right foreground, and in the centre of the scene ripples the river, evidently in midsummer, for the water is low and the foliage of the surrounding trees most glorious in density and varied in tint. : Mr Brind's picture is a view taken near Borrowdale, in Cumberland, painted by A. W.- Williams. The prize which fell to Mr Brind was valued at £25, but the society have sent him a picture 'which cost thirty guineas, and we think we may fairly say that Mr Brind has secured a most : satisfactory prize for the money. The subjects a scene in one of the wild nooks of Cumberland—a short distance above Lodore , Falls,; celebrated: in .Southey’s well-known musing rhyme. The foreground is a flat meadow with a slow stream running through it, giving evidence that it has but lately overrun its banks and washed down the meadow grass, which seems fit for the scythe. In the background are the dark hills of Borrowdale, sharply- and. exquisitely painted, and above, a sky skilfully massed,—an'uncertain sky, where the strug ling light of this moist district vainly strives to qleave the clouds sufficiently to give' ua a glimpse of blue. The whole subject is not only firmly and beautifully painted,but is admirably true to We : will not say which like beat. We like them both, and congratulate the’two gentlemen wh° own them as being the possessors of something fcq be proud pf. £jo long as we win for this district paintings as these, so long will the.-Loudon Art Union be sure of a large share of popularity in Ballarat. The-loßal agents, Messrs Byres, hatfu the print of the year alst) oh view, and have piotniseS of more subscribers names than they flyer previously sent to London in any one year; jF.J ; ■ A; * The monthlyineetingof the Ballarat Fire Brigade was held on Monday evening; Capt. Allerding being in the -chair. dofreBpohdoilco'* CA Frotii Rowlands and Lflwis," making the 'brigade a'present of -the: price (£2 15s 3d) for lemonade and cordials used at the bazaar.*—A vote of thanks was passed to the firm. -From Theresa Stow, Post-office, Meredith, claiming the chest of drawers given. as a prize at the late bazaar, but stating that she could not produce ticket No. 763. —As the ticket was not produced the claim was disallowed. From T. W. White, quartermaster of the B.ViR.; arising for .the patronage of the, brigade.to a moonlight Concert for the benefit of the widow and orphans of the late Bugle-major Nesbitt.—Complied with. .From T. M’Dermott and J. James, M’s.L.A., stating that the Government would provide free passes on the railways for firemen and on the occasion of the Firemen's Annual Demonstration! Treasurer's - Report—-This stated that there were £47 12s 7d to the : credit of the’ general _ fund. General Business—Mr Thos. Edwards Was nominated as a new member. Accounts—The following'were passed for. payment; — -Evening Post, 11s; Lugg and Dunstan,.£3 19s fid; A. H. King, £3 12s fid; Jas. Hepburn, £lO lls; J. Summerscales, 9s 4d; W. T. Burrows, £l2; Richard Morgan, 13s; John Noonan, 17s fid;’John Jones, 20s; Wm. Davidson, 20s; Robert Ridout, 17s fid; Hy. Batson, 17s fid; Hy. Fields, 7s fid; Jas. Batson, 7s fid; Thos. Reed, 7s fid. The com mittee then adjourned. : : Mrs Rowe, of Qlenfine station, treated the children of -the Cape Clear and Pitfield Sunday-schools and tljeir parents to a picnic on New Year’a-day, in the: Cape Clear old State school The, children sat down to dinner at three o'clock, and . heartily discussed the good’things dispensed by Mrs Rowoand her assistants: in her usual liberal manner. Owing to the inclement state of the weather the party had to confine them selves to indoor amusement, which, under the able superintendence of Mrs Rowe, were varied and agree able. All enjoyed, themselves, and the day’s proceed ings, were brought to a close about half- past six p.m. with a vote of thanks and three hearty cheers by tho children’, to Mr and Mrs Rowe. On the following Sunday Miss Strelip presented the children'bf the Sunday-school their annual prizes. On the 31st ult., the dwelling of Frederick Boinfeld, a miner at BUlldog, was broken into, and a suit of : clothes, gold scales, &0.,- were stolen therefrom. On 1 Bomfeld’s return and discovery, of his loss, the wife of a neighbor pointed out to him at ’ some little distance a man carrying a swag. He overtook the man, and took from him his property, with the exception of the gold scales, of which he.had not then discovered the loss. As the thief : declined to accept Bomfeld's invitation to return with him, he was allowed to go at liberty! On Bomfeld’s return to his dwelling he missed the gold scales, and again rushed off in eager pursuit of the thief, whom he found at Rokewood Junction, but alas, minus the gold scales which he had disposed of for 3s. The man was then securely bound for the night, awaiting the arrival of a police-constable. Some sympathising larrikins released him, but Con-; stable Allan, of Cape Clear, followed on the right track the next day, and succeeded in arresting him at Break o’Day. He was taken to the Rokew ood lock up, to be brought before the bench on Tuesday. He gives his name as James Murphy. On Sunday night the storeroom at the Sovereign Company’s claim was broken into and a quantity of quicksilver stolen therefrom. We learn by telegram that the" Melbourne Bowling Club is selecting four rinks, to play a match .with the, Ballarat Bowling Club, bn a Saturday ,to be named. The Rev. Mr Halley, for many years in Ballarat, has, we learn, received a year’s leave of absence, and. is about to proceed to England with his family, in the Cambridgeshire, which is to sail on the sth instant. Other ministers will supply his place at Williamstown during his absence. • Measles have reached as far inland as Bti Arnaud, but as yet only one case has been discovered. The ball and concert given at Clarendon on New Year's-night, in aid of the Ballarat District Hos pital, was not so successful as the ardent promoters of the undertaking anticipated. This can be ascribed to no other cause than the wet weather, for nearly half the people who would have patronised it got such a wetting at the Lal Lal Races as to convince them that no place was more attractive or more comfortable than their own firesides. However, regardless of the heavy, rain and the darkness of the night, about 150 persons attended, who all seemed to enjoy themselves im mensely, for it was nearly morning before they dis persed. To the Buninyong Amateur Christy Min strels honor and praise are due for making the first part of the night so enjoyable, and at great personal inconvenience, without any remuneration, assisting in the good cause. Their singing was often applauded and encored, and their comic acting produced’roars of laughter. After partaking of an excellent supper pro tided by Host Bradshaw the services of the Minstrels were acknowledged by Mr McDonald, on behalf of the Clarendon folks. The amount realised will be for warded to Mr Wheeler, the collector, in the course of a few days. A complimentary benefit will be given to Grace Egerton, this evening, at the Mechanics'lnstitute, on the occasion of her final appearance, when a carte de visits of the fair artiste Will be presented to visitors to the front seats. i A meeting of tho St: George Lodge, A.A.1.0.0.F., was, held at the lodge-room, . Royal Standard-hotel,- on Monday evening, when the,following bribers Wefe ap pointed for the ensuing six . months:—N.G., Br t l . Q. Davis;’ V.G., Br Hy. Dubberlin; W.G., Br Josh. Evans; secretary, Br W. Silverlbck (re-elected); trea surer, Br P. Q. Davis (re-elected); S.W., Br Robt. Cook; J.W., Br E. J., Morffew; supporters to N.G., Brs L. Levleiie rihd ifohn Hunt; supporters to V.G.,, Bra G. Bufford and J. FraaerJ trustees, Bra John Lee andL. Levieue (re-elected); Dr Butler; D. M. A. Gray, chemist. -■ The rainfall for the month of December, as . regis tered at the Ballarat Survey-office, amounted to 2’OX inches, which amount’ fell in eleven days. The liefirieSt falls wore on the 10th (0’34 ini), 11th (OT9 in.), 17th (0 - 22 in.), 20tli (0'37 in.); and 22nd days (0’42 in.). The highest temperature Was oh the 38th ult., the thermometer registering 104 degrees id the shade, and the lowest on the 11th ult., when the register showed 58'6 Fah. F'‘ The proceeds of the German Christmas Tree at the Alfred Hall exceed expectations, and the net returns iu; aid of the Lutheran Church,-are estimated at £2Bd. -’ OurLearmbnth correspondent writes!—“SttM'Phee, the well- known coach proprietor, and who holpls a, large block of land in the neighborhood,' has : been a heavy loser . of a number of valuable rams through the raids amongst his flocks by ravenous dogs. Two rams were killed last week, one of which Mi' M'Phee tallies at £9O, and another at £35. Two others were nearly worried, to death) ohe imported, valued at £lOO, and a four months’ old, and bred by himself, at • £lO. The dogs are supposed to come from the vicinity of the Warrior claim, adjacent to Mr MThee’s property, but tho owners cannot be traced. A sprink ling of ‘ lightning’ might have the effect of dis covering them.” Mr James Dimelow, principal of the Ballarat Com mercial College, in order to promote the preparation of youths fot commercial pursuits, has resolved to give two commercial scholarships to be competed for annually, and also certificates of competency to all scholars who shall have passed the prescribed examina tion. The following gentleman have consented to act as a board of examiners:—Messrs Alex. White (Messrs Holmes, White and Cos.), J. J. Qoller and Cos., L. S. Christie and Cos., Eyres Brothers, Joseph Jones, M.L.A., W. 8,. Ochiltree, Bank of New South Wales; James Oddie, W. Oollafd Smith, M.L.A., Mayor of tho City of Ballarat. At the Learmonth Police- court on Monday, before Mr Dowling, P.M., and Mr G. G. Morton, one rowdy character was discharge 1. The magistrates were in doubt as to their jurisdiction (if any), seeing that the commission under the new Judicature Statute has not yet been determined or gazetted. The prisoner was, however, allowed to go at large. A handicap rifle match between members of the Cluhes Rifle Corps was shot off oh , New .Year'a-day, at the local butts. The weather was not favorable to shooting, a strong wind blowing all the day. The distances fired were 200, 600, and 600 yards. There were ten entries. Following are the total scores:— Private C. Jones (handicap 22), 55; Corporal Colter, 51; Private Jessup (handicap 20), 51; Captain Jessup (handicap 15), 48; Corporal Qorrie, 45; Private A. Jones (handicap 9), 41; Private Sylas (handicap 13), 38; Private Dreweatt (handicap 9), 37; Private Buchan (handicap 5), 30. The crops in the Ascot and Qlendaruel districts look exceedingly well It is expected that the aver age of the cereals will compare favorably with that of any previous year. In the Middle .Forest district . several.of the .farmers,.have commenced cutting; the average of the oats is good, but wheat has not realised anticipations. The Smeaton Plains and Ullina farmers' will not obtain such favorable returns this season as during previous ones. When harvesting is finished, a large quantity of land will lie fallow. , Oh the subject of the murderer Sullivan, > the Southern Cross writes;—“ It is reported that tho Mel bourne authorities propose to ship Sullivan, the par T doned murderer, back to New Zealand. 1 Properly they ought to send him back to England, whence he came to Victoria. If it was illegal for him to put his foot on Australian soil, it is equally so for him to come I here, and New Zealand may, we phould suppose, if ahe pleases, tranship him to Victoria;. It wN Puasje the Government hers what to do with him, and e yet his presence in this colony may create not tv little trouble. He is, to all!intents andpurpraea, aettordmg to law, a free man, With all the righto and liberties of a British subject; but he Wanders all Oter theworldand cannutfludzest for the sole at his foot. He is too Well known. What a lesson this is of how recogm tion mdy dbg a Ctimlhal, and Sven after he is pardoned and freed, ttiajr bring On him a retribution even more dire than a l&elong; imprUbufiloUt It Be is hot reshipped from Mew Zealand, he must needs take hie {edg ings in Dunedin gaol or in Mount Eden, for he dare not appear-at large'amidst a public who detest him and h« crimes. Imagine Sullivan’going ashore at Hokitika, Grey mouth, or any other town on the gold-fields, and mingling among the people, in whose memonee the deeds of himself and his cruel associates are not likely to be forgotten.’ 1 .. _ . The Hew Year's holidays passed oifef very quietly at Clunes. the majority of the population proceeding to Ballarat and Maryborough to participate in tub Sports and amusements provided in those towns. The only outdoor gathering at dunes on Hew Year s-day Was a picnic of the children attending the various Sabbath schools. ” ! ' Mr -Wm.- Wilson and Mr B. D. Reid, late of Eldorado, are candidates for the Eastern Province. \- A telegram in the Argus, dated Eohuoa, Saturday, says:—“ Another fatal accident has happened at the new buildings in Hare street, within a few yards or the spot where the man Taylor was killed by falling from the scaffolding. In the present case the build ing of ’ an oven had just been completed, and a brick layer (Henry Spinks) was in the act of clearing out the filling, when the whole thing collapsed, and crushed him. to death. He has left a widow and family. This is the third accidental death in connec tion with these three new shops, which are not yet finished. The front of one of them was completely blown 'down by a squall, and another was so shaken that the front had to be taken down. On Thursday evening last, one of the shops, which had been opened with a'newstock,' had a narrow escape from destruc tion by fire through the capsizing of a kerosene lamp.”; According to the Argus an old friend has again turned up. ', Our contemporary says:—“ Tho_ sea ser pent has again made its appearance, it having been seen by those on board the ship Carlisle Castle, during the voyage from London to this port, hrom the statement of those on board, it appears that at 6 a.m.: on the morning of 17th October, when in 45 deg. north, lat. and, 12 deg. west lon., the ship steering W. by S.,' a large serpent-crossed her wake about 30 yards dis tant. The head and about six feet of the body were out of the water, and was distinctly visible. The head is described as like that of an immense snake. The length of the reptile could not be distinctly ascer tained, butit was considerable.” The Alhury Banner of Saturday says:—“Formal notification of the removal of the. tolls bn; the..-Union Bridge was ; received by the Collector -of Customs, at Alhury, and by the toll-collector, on Thursday, 31st December. The tolls accordingly ceased to be col lected after the evening of that day, and the Ist of January, 1875, if memorable for nothing else, will de serve to be remembered by the people ofrAlbury and Wodonga as the day on which the bridge was declared free.” ' ; We have received the Ifaviilton Spectator directory and almanac for 1875.” The book is full ’of informa tion concerning the Western district, and also con tains much that is useful to. the public in all parts of the : colony. There is an engraving of . the Alexandra College for ladies, at Hamilton, which is quite an imposing building. The January term of the School of Mines will com mence on the 11th instant, .on or before which .day term fees should-he paid and nominations lodged. The Argus says;—“We have bn several occasions had the jdeasure of advocating the claims of the Ballarat School of Mines to public support. It is true that the institution in question is by no means all that it should be, but we have been anxious to assist an attempt, bravely made, with a view to supply a great want. Every one must have been aware that a thing of the sort could not be established in a day, but a satisfactory commencement was made, and means only have been required to give the scheme 1 satisfactory development. Already, with very inade quate appliances, a great , deal of good has been done, and the existence of a need clearly demonstrated. On several occasions the well-founded claims of the .school on the Treasury have been brought under the notice of Parliament, but owing,_ we imagine, to the existence of some ghost of a mining institute at Sand hurst, in which Mr Mackay is no doubt greatly inter ested, in virtue of his office as representative of that borough, no substantial aid.has been forthcoming. The department has preferred to fritter away the amount available over several unsatisfactory estab lishments, instead of devoting the sum to the service of one really effective and complete school.” .‘ . We learn from the Argus that “ a very successful surgical operation was performed on board the ship Carlisle Castle during her voyage to this port. One of the saloon passengers lost a considerable quantity of blood by internal hemorrhage, and consequently became very much weakened. It was decided to transfuse the blood of a sheep into his veins. This waa eo successful that by the time the ship arrived here the gentleman had almost entirely recovered, and was enabled to go on shore soon after the vessel anchored.” 