CONGREGATIONAL UNION OF NEW SOUTH WALES. -o- TENTH SESSION.--TUESDAY, OCTOBER 19. The ministers and delegates at the present session of the New South Wales Congregational Union, which had been opened by devotional exercises on the previous evening, and by a discourse by the retiring chairman (the Rev. John Graham) from the text, " Lo, I am with you alway even unto the end of the world, Amen"--met at 3 p.m. on this day, Tuesday, with prayer, for the transaction of business. The chairman for the ensuing year--the Rev. Morgan Williams, B.A.--presided. The following ministers and lay delegates were present at the opening of the session :- Ministers : Rev. W. Bradley, Waterloo ; Rev. J. G. Cullen, North Shore ; Rev. J. G. Fraser, Point Piper Road, Woollahra; Rev. W. Fincham, Campbelltown; Rev. T. S. Forsaith, Parramatta ; Rev. John Graham, Pitt- street ; Rev. S. J. Green. Bathurst ; Rev. G. G. Howden, Burwood ; Rev. R. T. Hills, Maitland ; Rev. T. Johnson, Bourke-street ; Rev. A. Lloyd, Manly Bench ; Rev. R. Williams, Lambton ; Rev. J. C. Kirby, Ocean-street, Woollahra ; Rev. J. A. Dowie. Newtown ; Rev. W. Mathison, Ulladulla ; Rev. W. Mathison, Jun., Marrick- ville ; Rev. T. J. Pepper, Newcastle ; Rev. W. Slatyer, Redfern ; Rev. J. Trevor, Gulgong; Rev. M. Williams, Petersham ; Rev. E. Leach, Windsor ; Rev. J. Richards, Glebe ; Rev. G. Olley, Hunter's Hill ; Delegates.--Pitt-street Church : Rev. R. Rogers, Hon. John Fairfax, Messrs. S. W. Jones, R. G. Reading, J. G. Catley, Hon. G. A. Lloyd, Messrs. L. Moses, A. Balbirnie, G. Durham, C. Myles, A. Saddington. Redfern Church ; Messrs G. Renwick, E. Pritchard, F. Hobbs, B. Morris, T. Orr, S. Brentnall. Newtown : Messrs. M. Harrison D. Henry, J. Perry, A. Bruce, J. Smith, H. Staples, J. P. Wright. Bourke-street : Messrs. E. Arnold, U. W. Carpenter, T. Gully, J. J. Salier, G. W. Wilson. E. Sherring. Woollahra. Point Piper Road: Messrs. J. Thompson S. Thompson, J. R. Fairfax, R. Nott. Woollahra, Ocean street: Messrs. W. Wailes, J. Walker, J. Usher, -- Trivett. Balmain : Messrs. J. A. Jones, A. Milne, E. Bolus. Petersham: Messrs. J. Pomeroy, W. Pratt, E. Young. Burwood : Messrs. B. Alderton, J. Vernon, sen., S. Hebble- white, J. Mullens. Waterloo : Messrs. William Deitz, A. Torning, George Hurcomb. North Shore : Messrs; A. Stow, J. J. Slade. Glebe : Messrs. J. Stevenson, J. H. Seamer. Parramatta : Messrs. J. D. Brown, S. Goold. Wollongong : Mr. G. Hewlett. Campbelltown :Mr. James Bocking. Newcastle : Mr. T. Brooks. Bathurst : Messrs. S. Hague Smith, D. Vernon. Marrickville : Messrs. J. H. Hoare, T. Moncur. Druitt Town Church: Mr. W. Smith. Windsor Church : Messrs. W. Beard, jun., S. T. Greenwell. Personal Members.-Rev. C. Hardie, Rev. C. Pitman, Rev. E. Robnson, Rev. J. P. Sunderland, Rev. Evan Lewis. REPORT OF THE COMMITTEE. The following report of the Committee was then read. Your committee would again lay before you a report of their proceedings for another year. At the last meeting of the Union a resolution was passed authorising the committee to make necessary arrangements for the publication of a denominational periodical if a minimum of 500 subscribers could be found in our churches. The resolution was promptly acted upon, and the required number of subscribers being found, the Revs. J. Graham, and S. U. Rothwell were appointed joint ditors, the paper being published in the form now familiar to you all. It is unnecessary to dwell on further mattrs of detail connected with the publication, as a separte report will be duly presented ; but your committee would take this opportunity of expressing their very sincere thanks to the lay secretary, Mr. Nott, for the untiring zeal he has displayed in bringing this matter to a suc cessful issue ; nut while recognising with gratitude the valuable services rendered by the dear brother who has been called away from our midst, wuld also tender their sincere thanks to the Rev. J. Graham for the care and ability displayed in the dis- charge of this responsible task, so large a share of which has unavoidably fallen upon him. The resolution expressing sympathy with the Liberation Society in England, unamiously carried last year at a public meeting held in Pitt-street church, was duly forwarded to the secretary of the society, as has recently been acknowledged by inser- tion in the Liberair, a periodical published by the society in London. Your comniittcoppointcd a deputation to join a deputation from thc llaptist lion, and to confer with thc trustees of Haslem Creek Cemetery, t arrange, if possible, for tho erection oj' a pavilion nt thc mictcry in which to hold funeral services. Through want of'imds, tho trustees nre unable to erect the pavilion, hut hnveicnnwhile made another arrangement for the convenience of thoülcinting minister. -'' . Your committco opointcd tho Revs. J. G. Fraser, S. U. Roth- well, nnd thc clcrioisecretary to confer with the original f ranters of thc rules of thc Itiring Fund to devise means by which thu scheme might bc mo generally commended to the pastors of our churches, nnd thc. jicctions which were expressed at tho hst I'irioii meeting, if poible, removed. Thc result of these delibera- tions will ho laid befe yon in a separate report ; but your com- mittee sincerely trusthut the amended rides will commend them- selves tn nil, and tbs thc younger ministers especially will not hmtatc to become bellcinry members. ' lt being thought 'sirablo that some dellnito expression ol' ' fraternal regard shod proceed from our union to thc annual gatherings of some ocr Protestant denomination, and opportu- nities afforded to tlusdciiommntinnR to send similar salutations lo ourselves, n corresjndence was opened on the subject willtjho leading rcprcsentativ. of tho Wesleyan, Presbyterian, and Jlap tists. The proposal hi been acknowledged in each case, in Ibo most friendly spirit. A deputation from thc Baptist Union will wait upon us during t¡s session, but owing to our Wesleyan and Presbyterian friends ot holding their annual gatherings until later limn the presént ate, no definite arrangements can at prc K nt bc made with thc!. . lt lins been decided 1 your committee lo discontinuo thc prac- tice of employing a s-cinl correspondent to supply a monthly h Uer to thc EngUsKiuiepcmhnt, it being thought thal by tending copies of tlicVmSouth-Wales Tndcpemlcnt sufficient intelligence will bo glvi both of thc colony and of our churches. Your committee won not relinquish thc trust committed'to them without exprcssl; their, sense of thc deep loss sustained by thc denomination lithe death of thc Hov. S. U. Rothwell thc llrst death of a Cohegational minister at his post of duty in Sydney or its enburb&A; resolution on thc subject will bc duly presented to you. 1 ll only remains to al that Mr. Rothwell, during his illno«, resigned his position I chairman elect, nnd the Kev. M. Wil- liams, itt thc request dbe committee, kindly consented to net in his stead. i Your committee sinrely trust that blessings, snell ns li ive ban enjoyed in past ectings of the Union, may diirinç; tills fission, with yet great fulness, rest upon us all ; and nny the r spirituality of mind, grier zeal ill seeking tho extension of Our Waster's Kingdom, ul closer union with each other and the Lord. . ' Mr. R. G. REAMJ (hen rend tho bnlnnco-sheot for lim past year, which sliced : Roceipts, inclusivo of balance from Inst year (£S7 L ld.), amounting to £1G0 Cs. M. Tho expenditure had'jen £109 19s., leaving a--.'balance ¡of £64 7s. 4d. to go lo thjredit of next year's' account. ; Somo discussion tooplnco upon the report of tho com- mittee, nnd some sligl alterations wcro mado in it, ôiv discussion tho rcportvas received and remitted to tho committee for the rocoidorntion of it paragraph relating .t-i the correspondence' wi England in roforenco to tho colo- nial churches connected th the Union. ' ! lULLOTiNO'on ori'icu-iiEAUElts. :j Tho balloting for ofllrs for tho ensuing year thou tool: place, and Messrs. ? Bte and Hewlett- wore- appointed w-rutineers. Tho follo'ng is tho result of the ballot : Chairman for lS7G-7)',ov. W. Slntydr; treasurer, Mr. R. G. Reading ; cleric secretary, Kov. G. G; Howden; lay secretary, Mr. R. itt; committee; Rovs. J. Graham. W. Slatjer, T. Johnson. V. Sunderland, T. S.' Forsaitli, Mr. Mullens, tho Hoi John Fairfax, and Mr. J. G. Calley. i " ? ' NOTIUES Ol' MOTE, AN» THE DEATH OE THE 1 itu v. iù. noTinvEij'.. ¡ '. Tbc Rov. G. G. WriENf, tho clérical secretary, announced Hint ho hncieceived a notieo of motion with retard lo tho Ministcrs'letiring Fund, nnd another with reference to tho draft olio Act of Fnrlinmont for the Incorporation of Camd College. . ' Arrangements' hil been rondo for tho rectum of a deputation from tin Baptist Churches from If-post 3 to .4 o'clock on Thurs- day afternoon. Ho hadV Iiis hand a motion from tile Kev. Mr. Fraser, wliiehp was sorry "to say, that gonUa mun wiiR not well enonglo remain and move. It referral to thc death of Mr. Rdxell, and, it, was thought very desirable that a reaction should/'' appear- on their minutes, speaking of ho loss which they had sus- tained thvough his lemoj. Tho motion was a» follows :-J- ? "That this Union desiito record its senso 6f tho loss it has sustained in tho deatiE tho Hov. S. U. Rothwell, thu clinii man elect of thc Um for tho ypar, sorrowing at tho removal by death of onl'hoso wiso, counsels iñiaht linvo rendered m much help fell, and who had proved himself, earnest and faithful; andady to co-bperato in every work in connection with, tho [gdoni of Christ; mid, further, desires to express to Í widow,; its sincero sympathy with her in lier sad Ircavoment, commending hqi nw! her children tofho. caro - of tho husband of tho widow, and J father of tho fatherless.]' Ile. should move that'bo adopted.. Tho Rev. Jons viii.uiAM, as retiring cl-nian. ot" tho :Union| socóndojl tho resolution, which * unanimously carried-those present standing up. At';, request pf tho CHAiHMAN,"thb Kev. Thomas johnson cn^cd in appropriate prayer. 1 MlNISSlînSETIItlNO.PVND. ii'-'-'' i Mr. JOSIAH MuLi.Eîrth'on presented the report mia balance-sheet of thc nboyfund ; and oxnlaiñed some of the items ot'bath. Tho'.iort was considered, and thc discussion was adjoui-ncjill Thursday morning, thou to take precedence of all othouBiiics8. . I Thc business of tho kemoon was closed; with the Uitcdlctton. j ".". .,'" T1IIÎ. ClIAIKN's. ADUllESS. > > I At 7.30 p.m. ibero was Ha public meeting, commoncc-i with pruiso, at which tho 1-. Morgaii Willimna dolivcrci the following addrere, wh|\vns)tirocjucnrly applauded. THE DIVINE lUUJMISAKD THE WOIllvPP THE ¡IJVIOH. ... . ; . -, i._:; 1 deeply shard in thoiastoneu fooling of regret mu H in.w Milich is cxperieii by thoso present hore to-night in not lisiening to wiso a¡ thoughtful utterances from th< hps ol him who had bneapected to address you.-Tliosi li) n nm sealed'in deatlind'.'wiU .spook"no moro. Om «tremed and honoured (tlier, Samuol Unsworth Roth, ".veil, who by tho «uiïrafof his brethren had beenup Tainted to préside overV.nia.'tings of this Union, hoi brm -called away from iii -york ito-, hie 'toward.- ;lu,th inklst. of lifo anil uhcfiÚs he hoard' the.'vóicVof.-th íln.>¡w. pay ing-Ctoo up her, ta&thrp;ügk ö(b winditta pw«* of Christ, which iifor death ns-wcti ns for lifoVh '«aid il without'?'surpris' Ho met'tho cvdrit not only ii 'ho spirit, of Christian ignition,- Imf, with. much .o 'Killian* hope,"aiiticipateho.hiippin"eiss:tliat airaited hiîn "1 mn lilli," lin said; ijj"'dying, "for I slntll have .lowii givoi to iuc.'-.. iH'^dou/itlesii rceeiYril.íhú1 cj'»w¡ .'.h'tidy. . :....;¡;.,",;) . '. " Servant of Ga cl| done !, ' Rest fi-'oni tlivcd emploi'V Thc J'attle fou, thc -Motory won, .Knit- thy Mr's- jr^\" _ . _ His rcmnviiVwhiclw hiumr.spb\vkiiî£ in «ñliti$íy\'i8 on ni llioeo niybtaics of £>H ürovidoucoF which must wai for their solution tho disclosures of perfect .flay.' What wo know* hot now ,wo Khali know hereafter. Wo how with revcrenco and submission to tho Divino Will. It is tho Lord, let Him do as it scemcth Him good. ' I have no do siro to culogizo tho dead, but I would magnify tho graco of God in him, which sustained him in hin lifo's work, and Ïroved his support and comfort in tho hour of death. But am stating tho simplo truth when I say that our sainted brother had gifts, natural and acquired, which eminently lilted him for tho offlco and-work of a Christian minister and teacher, lio had a mind woll furnished and carefully disciplined to correct habits of thought, a sound judgment, tho power of utterance, aptitudo for business; a manly character, and social qualities, which endeared him to thoso who knew him. But, above all, ho had tho spirit of conso cralion, which lcd him to lay out these in tho servico of tho Lord Jesus Christ. Had it pleased God to'havo spared his lifo for years to como, it might bo reasonably expected that ho would havo renderod important servico to tho Church at Bnlmnin, whero his brief but thoughtful and enrnost ininistiy was singularly blessed ; to tho Congre- gational Churches, and to tho causo of Christ in this lund. But tho Great Disposer of human events in His wisdom has determined it otherwise. Ho can raise up Christian workers to fill tho places of those who aro taken away bj death. Help, Lord, for tho godiy man ccasoth, for ¡tho faithful fail from among tho children of men. iWo mourn with tho people that have hoon bereft of their pastor, and pray that tho Great Head of tho Church may, in lu's good limo; provide for thom a Buitahlo minister. Wo dcoply sympathise with his beloved wife, and'commend her with her children to tho loving regards of Him who ta tho Fothor of tho fatherless and tho Judgo of tho widow in His holy habitation. Until recently tho hopo had boen entertained that our dear departed friond would havo bren nhlo to fulfil his engagement to you, but when this hopo had to bo given up it was found nccessniy to próvido a substitute The committee of tho Union honoured mo by tho request that I would consent to tnko his pince. I thank tho brethren for tho confideneo reposed in me. I will not wasle your timo with apologios. I havo como foi word in responso to tho call of tho com- mittee, at a shoit notice, to meet an emergency, and fill a vacant place. My address is tho fruit of diligent but hurried preparation; This I now Bitbmit to you in de- pendence on Divino help, and cheerfully otfor as a contribution in tho servico of tho Master, nnd in tho interests of tho Congregational churches in this land. Whilo tho address of tho chairman is supposed to bear a representativo character, it is understood that ho alono ia responsible for tho sentiments cxprcpBod. Howovcr, tho address will contnin nothing that ia novel or startling; mid I havo no apprehension hut that tho views which I express in it, will bc, sub- stantially and in the main, in accord with yonr own. I do not propose to-night to vindicate or oxpound tho dis- tinctive principles of Congregationalism, dear as theso may bo to us. I oiTor no suggestions os to better mothods of working them. This has been ably dono moro than oneo from this chair, and doubtless will bb done again as occasion may require. I pass by theso and pursuo a different lino of thought, indicated or suggested by certain aspects of ,tho tiiucB, and by great movements in certain parts of tho world which I regard as signs of a revived state of religion in tho Church, and of its increased nggrcssivo power on tho world. Tho spiiitis brooding over tho dark HIBBS of humanity, and lifo is already stirring in tho wators. Mighty spiritual forcea aro working, by which tho lifo of tho Church is being revived and intensified. Tho Church has waked up to a senso of tho importance of evangelistic work. ' Nover before, perhaps, has tho truth been preached with so milch ability and warmth to tho masses ns now. Tho effects which follow BIIOW that it is still mighty through God in tho pulling, down of tho strongholds of tho onemy. Its energies aro not spent. The' old Gospel-old, but over newr-is achieving fresh triumphs. It will continue to bo whnt it has over proved to bo, when preached with tho Holy Ghost sent down from Heaven, tho powor of God to tho salvation of men. But why should tliis bo confined to only certain parts of tho world ? Why not. goneral and universal ? AVhy not continuous nnd pormanont ?? Why regarded as exceptional, and not as tho natural and normal state of the Church? Are wooiot wurrauted in expecting this when wo think of tho ohnractcr, according io Divino representation, of tho new cm of tho Gospol, nnd of tho grand central promise of tho new ccouomy ? Tlioro 'havo, boon certain hopes hold out to tho Church,.bascd on décla- rai ions of God'B truth, in different periods of ita history, certain events pointed out as tho goal of ita expectations some great promiso given to awaken ita faith and hope, nnd call forth its active energies and sustain them. Tint of tho old economy was tho promiso of tho coming Saviour, that of tho new tho promiso of tho Holy Ghost. As it has been slated,-"It is the great proirii-e of tho Christian dispensation, and stands nearly ¡ in tho saino relation to us as (hat of tho comiug Messiah did to pious Jews. They waited for thc consola- tion of Israel in the birth of 'Christ.- Now that-, eve nt is passed. Wo aro waiting in a similar manner forillo promiso of tho Spirit, of which tho Church hitherto'onjóys only tho first fruits." i" . ; Now, what, should bo tho attitude of tho Church towards this truth F What aro its duties and responsibilities when viewed in (ho light of tho promiso-tho distinguishing promise-of (ho new dispensation ? This is my tliciixv Tho remaining part of (his address will bo taken up iu tho - attempt to nnswer (his question, and to olucidato lind enfotco tho tratho it involves. .; God gave to man, from (ho beginning, a revelation'.of. Himself. It was a revelation of His character and.-will, of His gracious designs of love and mercy iu .roforence! lo fallen man-his purpose to achieve his redemption, arid effect his recovery fo Uim^ir y, .,,cu¡> ut u. ¿wi. J.« one who would bo a partaker of His nature, and a descend- ant of tho woman who was tho : first, in ilio transgression. " God who at sundry limes and in divers manners spake unto tho fathers by or rather t'« tho prophets." Tho earlier revelation was given in fragments, it was broken up into . different portion?. .Moses, David, Isaiah recoived only partial imperfect disclosures of tho Divino Will ; ono nspéct of divino (ruth was inadp^ known through ono prophet, anothor through another ; in divers manners J various methods by, which God mado himself known, such as dreams and visions, outward; appear- ances and inward impressions-all showing flint by theso Ho did but imperfectly reveal Himself. This which was fragmentary in its character and manifold in its forms was introductory to that which was full and complete, nt once and for over, when tho Fa thor spake to in! in his Son Jesus Christ. This light from hoaveri¡ dim'at iirst. becanio gradually brighter, like tho light of tho stn shining moro and moro unto tho perfect day. ' Gbd hiis had, through all ages, but ono method of "dolivór ancc, ono way of recovery or salvation for' sinful man, but (ho knowledge .of. it- was . only gradually,' unfolded. There have hoon - different and successive- dis pensations, and in tho progress of thoso (hore has boon in; each period n fuller embodiment nnd oxpression, a clciut-r development of divine trutli,;till at length it culminated in Him, who is tho brightness of tho Father's glory, arid in whom revelation is absolute and final. Ono'oftholfoatui cs common to tho different poriods or tho various ecouomios in the past history of tho Church was tho expectation, of, tho coming Messiah ot tho Christ. This was first awnkon^il: by thc words of the promisegivenhy God toouriirst paren ts," tho Protcvatigclium, tho first Gospo], that was preached to' man in Eden.. This was properly (no gonn of all fuluro révé- lation, thc founiain head of that stream of prophecy whiiih deepened and expanded as it-flowed on to -refmah' the ancient Church. Tho general idea of, a, prophet'.U that ^>f Ono who is authorised to aunounco .infallibly tho-Divido . Will," whether tho communication refer, to tho pressât or Ibo future. Tho ancient ¡ prophet 'was ' ono wl|o had a mission to his contemporaries, which liad in view their spiritual benefit. It was also, the function of tljo prophet, within certain limits, and under tho influence of inspiration, to foretell things to como. , - Tho lino of ancient prophets, ns timo advanced, saw with i increasing' clearness of vision tho days of tho Messiah, or;thoy wore desirous io know when tho timo would arrive, mid by what'kind óf events thoy-would bo distinguished; :, They did not com- prehend the full import of their message, whon they tost | (icd of tho.grace of God that should como'to us ; scai-ohing what, and whnt maimer bf tifiib, tho spirit of Godvwhiófi was in them did signify,.when it tostificd beforehand of tho sufferings of . tho glory that, should .follow.,.- . fTho:, rites elf tho ceremonial law, especially tho rito of sacrifico, served ta direct and-shengilicu thuso,ffeelingS;,of faith andr hope awakened by tho voice of prophecy. These rites wore iii tho Israelite what tho Gosppl-istouB:. Thoy awakened iii tho worshipper, tho consciousness of sin; thoy woiC ..intended .'to. point out io tho . sinner - - . tho -way of nceeptimco with ' God - ns far ' ns this could he effected by moans of symbolical, institutions.. Thoy r .were : also ' typical-shadows1 bf ; good things, tho body n) which WOB Christ,-tho outline of rough sketch, as opposefl io tho imago itself, tho finished, picture or statue, of tilt good things, of which Christ is Hiçh'Prièst. - They hud nc intrinsic virtue to purify tliti consoionoe-of-tho worshipper; I eave that which they derived- from their prospective roferj I cncp.Jo tho ono sacrifice-- offered t-to. thoiend bf tho world foi tho laking avVriy of "sin. ' The attitude of tho Church wouIe necessarily -become, under such influences, ' ono' of'bx! ; poctuncy and hripo.,. -Every filing' 'connected with',' it \yaj 'imperfect and looked 'forward to its consummation'in tin grcnt event of all times, lt was over straininglts oyei towards tho distant''liorizon,';with1 tho hopo;of_wtchin£ i 'glimpse of thc OomnigVofVtliat glorious day that was t< dawn on her." But ri long bj-epniatory" process awaits hoi before tho fulness of tho tibio, arrives ; and-though- whoi this drew nigh, /it,liad .'dbgénerated into formality am Pharisaism,' thorn were amongst its members humbie 11111 devout FOIIIB that were waifirig'for tho.cpnsolutionof Israel To theso God'revealed himself, their \rants'were met, thei lougings wero Mitisuçd "when tho Desire of Nations came and by (ho advent of Hiin to,whom'Uio law and tho pro phetaboro ivilnt'ss.-? . . !', ' '." *'"'' ? .? When He cunio iprth.iii.fUlfu His mission, His watch word was,niv m.eirf nnd'my'dr'ink is to-do jmy Father's wit and finish His work. Oiip:greAtQS»entiarpnrt of tHatmis t»i«n WAH lo^nffvrond die: ' This, fact Ho announced, to Hi 'followers' ns soon ns they wcro ublb '"tb1 -receive! "it., - Fore seeing as Ile did tho darle plots which liis oñeinie'3\Svpuli weave mound Him, the terrible tempest that wiLsvlpworini over, and tim dark titigedy which awaited Hini, Hp novar tholet-miiovi cl onward steadily toward« (ho goal,:Ho''iépt Hi fneo to jro towards Jerusalem. Anticipating .tho ' baptish of blood which was before Him, Ho : bxèlaimsi^I havO'i bnpthm tq he. baptized ' \vith, "and !b.ówtlís rjaiy ' "s'óú 'straitened tiiitilit bc heciimplished. . Ho'entered trio'.groa Conllict, and papped through it victoriously, and c-xblnimei on Ulcerous, "It is linishcdC''...A>poriod»)was,putto.'li I ministry and sufferings. But1 tho work-' assigned - to Hin 'was;denc.i llcdcmption MUS comploted,.'aBtfar os it is' th ruprk-of Christ, for us. -Thoifotuiclntion. on which» mon' jhopc of eternal lifo is tp'reBf U i broadly. nnd>Bocurolyilaid enco and for ever. Still moroHu'o'ianticipationa- of Ith , J:...". V.'T ['postoro realised. Tho predictions of tho old prophots meet their ovent, and tho hopes of tho anciont Church aro I fulfilled. " , ", . ' "Now thnt thc promiso of tho old is fulfilled, and Christ I is glorified, tho Spirit will bo given. Ho had, in ono sense, been given before, inasmuch as Ho had been tho , author of all spiritual lifo in tho world. But now Hi« iniluenccs will bo moro copious, moro enlivening, moro refreshing thnn they had been heretofore-a pledge of tho reality of our Lord's Ascension, of His invi siblo government, and of tho power which ho wields. Now, a new order of things I'B about to bo introduced, a now era in tho history and progress of religion. But, analogous to what wo observo in other departments of God's work, there is no rapid transition from tho ono to tho other; ho Bhnrp lino of demarcation separates thom. If tho lino is to bo drawn anywhere, it is at Pentecost, lt ia perhaps this event, moro strictly speaking, that ushcra in the new. But the periods, for a time, run parallel, and tho ends overlap each other. Beforo tho end of tho first, tho characteristic event of tho second had boon foretold by our Lord. Tho Spirit Ho said would come to nis disciples when His own bodily presenco had been withdrawn. Ho would bo His substituto, tho teacher, tho guido, tho remembrancer, tho comfortcrof His peoplo. Ho was with them nnd would bo in them." Ho would act, it is said; on tho world, convinco (roprovo or convict whoro Ho did not convince) it of sin, of righteousness, and of judg- ment. It would bo for tho ndvan'ago of tho disciples that Christ left them, for then tho Comforter would com«, nnd with Him an accession of power such us they had nover known boforo. Thoy would bo drawn away from leaning OH tho support of His bodily presenco to cant thcniBolvcs on tho mighty resourcoa of tho Divino Spirit. Tho bark of tho Church was holding by its anchorage, and dreading to launch out into tho opeu sea, but now it is lo bo cut off from its moorings ; but no sooner ÍB it out and sprcodB ita convnB than tho breath of heaven filia its sails and bears it on triumphantly towards, its destination. Theso men become moro successful workers than ever thoy were whilo their Master was on earth, but they knew that this was owing to tho accession of a power highor than their own, which worked by and through them, nnd that (his power had come to thom by reason of .tho departure of their Lord. " The works that I do shall yo do also, and greater works than these shall yo lei), because I go unto tho Father." Man's power is over from above, oven in the sphere of nature. Tho dominion which ho acquires over it, ho acquires by tho knowledge of its laws and powers, and by putting himself in tho linc of their working or operation, to accomplish his end. "I'D confirm, and in illustration of this remark, let mo quote tho words of Mr. Dalo in his work on thc Atonement:-" The history of tho material progress of the race is tho history of thc growing power of man, arising from tho gradual exten- sion of hiB alliances with tho forces which surround him. His proudest achievements aro their work, rather than his. Ho arms himself with tho strength of tho winds and tho tides. Ho hboratcB thc Intent energy which has been con- densed and treasured up in coal, transforms it into heat, generates steam, nnd sweeps across a continontwithout weariness and with tho swiftness of a birel. Ho makes tho electric fluid his messenger, and it carries his words under tho ocean to remote shores. Moving freely among tlw stupendous energies by which ho is encompassed, he is strong in their strength, and they give to his volition*-. powerless apart from them-a largo and offectivo expres- sion." Tho history of man's triumph in tho provinco' o£ his higher and spiritual lifoisalso the history of tho gradual extension of his alliance with a forco which is not his own. There is no proportion botwe'on tho nativo strength of Iris will and tho perfection which ho achioves through Christ. Every good work is a manifestation of tho divino power; i i which alono wo can bo strong.* /Evory form"of Christian perfection-lovo, joy, pcaco,, long-suffering, gontloné.-^, goodness, faith, meekness, temporáneo-is a fruit of tho Spirit, an expression in our personal lifo of tho perfection of tho lifo of Christ. In tho spiritual as in tho matcri-'l sphere, man is a freo -personality, surrounded by a vJi.-V immeasurable power, which is not hiß own,, but through which his history limy become bright with tho glory of iiu noblest achievements." . , . . . ' "?;'?? Now, into allianeo, with, this force tho early discipl s consciously came.' It'whs no''abstract force; it was divine power, working in tho concrete form, iu tho blessed'pcrs'iâ. of God tho Holy Ghost , whoso oilico it is to impart to th{. creature, according to thc mensuro of its capacity, thu fulness of lifo tho Father has revealed in tho Son. Of this fulness they were now tri receive "When attending Ora Lord,'on tho eve of his departure, tho irrclovant question was put, irrelevant to their future- work and business-il" Ho would'restore again tho kingdom ?'' They wore told they were not to know tho times lind seasons which tho Father had put in Hin own powor; it would suffice them ?o know that when tho Holy Ghost carno'upon thom th-y should receive power to bo witnesses for Him, aiid th u. their,mission would extend from Jerusalem as tho cento, in over, widening circle, till it reached tho utmost limits of tho world., They wait, tho fulfilment of tho pi-"-, mise, and tho interval, day aftor day, is spent in unit earnest and behoving supplication ; aud whim of ono accord, iii ono placo, it is fulfilled. Wo distinguish thc gift itself from the miraculous occurrences that accompanied it-tho sound ns of a rushing mighty, wind, emblem of tho resistless might ¡ bf tho Spirit; tho''tongues of' fire, tho lambent flames rising 'from a common centre and resting on tho 'hoad of each of that largo company-a. beautiful symbol of HU buming onorgy, now doscending in ' all His .plehitndo 0:1 tho Church, and about to pour itself through overy 'tongue andover ovory tribo of-men 'under hea von. Tho mai vellóüs"events recorded in .-.>- stíüm^rúT. ifi.'í t Auostles aro tim fruit Apostles «f?jno?THßä.forra¿r. treat iso (says tho. author;' Luke, referring totho gospel that .bears'his námo) I havo made of all'that' Jesus began "both to-do and teach; implying that tho book hd was then'writing, (tho Acts lot. tho Apostles) : and inscribing to - his friend Théophile was a record of the'continuance of His work-in - lioavon-jf tho work that was being dono by Him froiii His throno by tho ngoiicy'of his Spirit. All ibo subsequent luboursof the Apostle« aro just an exhibition of tho'ministry of tjio glorified Redeemer- himself, because they were acting undor His authority, and He . by"' His Spirit was tho principle that operated in thom all. Their wisdom and abilities,' their zeal, devotion, and sclf-sacrifico alone, -great ns theso woro, ; will ' not' account for their success! Tho secret of it will bo found described iii passages liko tho following:-" Walkingin the fear l>f tho Lprd'nnd in'tho comfort of tho Hply Ghpst wore multi- plied. "And tho hand of tho Lord was; with'thom ; and many boliovcd < und. turned unto.tho Lord." This will account for the'rnpid ndyanco- of Christ's. Kingdom, tho powers arrayed, against it notwithstanding. Within-a period of thirty years, aftor .the- ascension* tho Gospel hud' been preu6hod itt Homo of. tho greater centres' of ? popula tiy:i through tho Empire, mid Christian Churches hud bein planted in great commercial. cities <;liko Autioch;-in Syrili, Ei>hcsus, Thessalonica', Corinth,-in seats of learning liko Athcns'ond Alexandria,-and in .tho mother city of tho world-Rome. Theso placcslbecamo centros of iniluoucc to tho surrounding districts, and from them Bounded forth t^o Wold of the Bord, iltja true that, whoa tho Apostle? w -to .'removedby;dcath,tho. task of advancing on.now grcmuil, with tho standard, pf ,tho, cioss, was, entrusted to . iiifói itu bonds. "."Yet suoli wero tho courage and dévotion of there soldiers', of, Christ, 'tliat ? through,.succcssivo generation:! hew torritpries. ; were : ;won, . for-: tho.; Bedooihor. In , tho . ctrarso, pf , . threo/-- centuries after .' his departure, tho blbod-stained banner 'had'becin.unfurled in nU tho.proyinccs, of f.tho- Empire, and, oren far beyond, in regions int'p .which thoRquián eagles^ had novoriponctra'toil, lind nicn of all classes, in largo numbers,hail,, ratliod under it. . What reader of Gibbon will not recall, how tho histo- rian, in,the" opening of tho history of;Tho Declino mid Fall," (in stately periods, describes tho colossal:power, and ,tho'gnñ*d^dl^'^ons pf tho . EmpirOi-oxtonding in one direction'from Ih'c.Eúphrátcs;to tho Atlantic Ocean, and in another from thousands of Arabia and Af licit to-'tho Rhitic and thoDariube^witho. population , of 120 millions, will its magnificent roads communicating, between.tho capitiil , and th o rn pit distant provincos, and with its legionB ocoupy, ing'its gieat towns and cities, or guarding its frontiers. Bul there wa»,' another .kingdom silently growing ...up, ami destined,tó'bvershádpw this-tho , kingdom; which tho Got] of Ileiavcn.had;60t up.;..This power was at first ignored bj the Roiimn Gcvornnient,. it was confounded with Judaism When first nolicedàt .was despised. .. When; it grow {tjwiu . feared and persecuted. "When it could not ho put dtflvn \i ;wiis courted, and, '.. unhappily,',. allianeo with. it.vw.u Vspught, and .obtained. ?',* Tho, cross, in , tho r estimation oj l,thb ; Roman; ',' tho badge'of. what was most ;,meuu: ant 'servilói'beicnmo at length to bo regoldólas, tho .'symbol oj that which was ¡ most ? honourable, mid .was, inscribed: as J ^'device on tho imperial banner. , -It is,'tin illustration of.th] 'truth, i'VIiotiby. might or by power, hut; by my Çpirit.'i , It was tho mightiest revolution, ever effected in tho couivl pf human history-tho régénération of a corrupt society ¡li] ' means Of a Christian Church.. ;,It was tho OhristianTC-n dering of thc old fable of tho ; turfing,'in pf. tho ;riyorinfi the Augean stable. Pagan society, with ifs unutterable abominations,was this Augean stable— Christian influence -tho river that cleansed it. These.waters do more,'tiwi ' cleanse;\thcy,. vivify and fertilize as thoy 'flow' oh-;'" hes , -virtues' spring] up,.rriçw:_ lïôp'cs.^àro awakened^ ánuow hf apprars. This ','river,'! sb beneficent in'lta-cpurso, 'fnáyh .truced back/to its bcglhningk'in'.tlib dbscbht'pf tho Spiriva Póiitc'eost,'- aiid'iliaf iígiiiii tp. thö".Ascehsipn; "when tli 1 fountain- was; unscaled; 1 ïh'cs.o ^^¡^i^jnilf^_[&^ir again connected with otitórs in¡; thoclifd''óf ôur'''Lbret ,'the Hcsurrection 'anet 'tho Iricirrriaticin'. "It is''thô'' hoik: ¡of : theso'itruths -that- ha's : ¿vcr - served'-''to/-';lift;-',mà! abovo himself and lo eloVato ? tho . condition bf;: oil .race.- ;-To. XLSO ..'thoJ''.''wórtls1'~of ,Nciindcr,':,in'1,.tli jfJoBing'paragriiphfof -his'--ñpblo-".Lifo ' of'Christ' "Thus tho end ofv'Oh nat's I appearance ,'on 'earth (th Ascension) corrCBponds witli tho bégihñingJ(tho mimeiiloii .conception).' -No link jn- tho Ichàin of 'supornatüml fiicl ; cim-bdlrist without takiBg away its-signifitónéo ns a whole Christianityáesli'tu ihdso facts; -'stands or falls with their -By faith in them^haa tho dhino .lifo been; gciicräted frai tho bcgmning';'-'bv faith iii' them" has that Ufo in all nge regenerated mankind, rAise'd" them, abovo, tho, limitsi\c :-c«rlhlyj"4ifé',i éhnngéd'rthem''frenn 'Olebác asbrip(is'¡it i.dttxen« of lioavon; nnd'formêd tho' -stato of transition fro; .u lifo clinined th' nature, to a'^frep celestial lifo1fiir raise above it. Were this faith gone, thoro miglit.-in'deed;'reniai many of tho effects of whati ChriMianity'had been v hilt 1 for Christianity in tho triio jicnso, as for. a Christin ;Çhurch'.'.thoioconld'ho'nbnö.1'' . nv. g."<-i- j g ,1. lhere is involved' in'.tliib píitísago'a 'pHhcípló that js .trii jfor alli.tiracs'.i'ATJi'dippwor of tho Church fori'consorviri; strengthening, and reproducing its own life; has ovo'r bei owing to tho firm grasp with Which it hás.held.tho simp .facts and truths" of.the GóspeL;' ;It is .in proportion as has clearly apprehended' .'thb. grand' feature of tho Divh economy, and. plcadod .tho promise, (incl looked for its full! nient, that success'Iras coime; ' It'ia when it'bas felt ite'cH .. ; ' 1 ,.?«<; ?« i- . - )- - . ? " ~ . '- -.; v .-.! ''!' ; - -, :?}..-... .. "¡ÍÍ.M::; ..-..' :::.>'! i want and ils own weakness tho most, and in utter helpless- ness has cast itself on tho Divine promiso, that thc greatest marvels in its history havo been wrought, whon hoi only failing of success, hut sorely pressed hy her foes, sho has, inlier widowed and lonely condition, appealed to her Lord, to avenge her of her. adversary. Tho cry from out of tho depths has arisen for mightier aid lest tho enemy might prevail. - "Though ho hear long with her yet ho will avengo her speedily." Tho delny is only apparent, tho Divino intervention is ever speedy liccauso over timely. Ged will not suffer his Church to 'he oppressed a moment longer than is needful. Tho truth of this, I think, has been roaliiccd in our times. A sceptical and scoffing spirit has prevailed. A material- istic philosophy has been seeking to undermine all faith in a supersensuous and spiritual world. Men have been taught to believe only in that which comes under tho cog- nizance of their senses. Tho most venerable truths have been unceremoniously rejected ; prayer has been derided ; tho Church has been taunted with its weakness ; tho pul- pit, it has been said, has lost its power; tho Gospel has become effete, and Christianity will soon be numbered with tho superstitions of tho past. This in the case of many has led to thoughtful inquiry and deep searchings of heart, to low self-abasement and humble confession of sin and earnest and passionate cry for help. Like tho Prophet on Carmel, in contest with its foe and outnumbered by it, it has made its appeal to tho God that answers by fire. This, answer in part is come. Tho power of tho Divine Spirit in advancing tho kingdom of Christ by revivals, by special seasons of grace, by tho rapid accomplishment of tho work of conversion is this answer. It is tho Divine rebuke to the materialistic spirit of tho age. Let me briefly glance at some of tho tendencies of modern speculation in relation to our times, and some of tho different forms of anti-Christian error with which Christian theism and spiritual Christianity has to contend. Generically these may be reduced to two—pantheism and materialism. Tho former asserts that all tho phenomena of tho universe are to be referred to one substance, and that that substance is God. Tho pantheist confounds God with his works. Tho other, materialism, ascribes all phenomena, physical, vital, and mental, to tho functions of matter. It asserts that there is existing but one substance, that is matter; and that thought, consciousness and will are its properties under certain modifications, and that intelligence does not produce matter, but that from matter, according to laws inherent in it, intelligence is evolved. One or the other of these, ever since tho dawn of speculation, has preponderated in any particular epoch. They are tho antitheses of each other — tho opposite poles of error. Yet they have a protean facility of interchanging forms, and their influences are often strangely intermixed ; but they lead in common to tho same fatal results. Each has affinities for certain orders of mind. To some, one has attractions which tho other has not; but they are productive of tho same evil consequences. They lend, by different ways, to the same miserable landing-place. They both alike shut out tho belief in a living, personal God ; they exclude tho idea of sin, freedom, individual accountableness, and personal im- mortality. Tho influence of pantheism was perhaps more in tho ascendant during the first half of this century. The force to-day, the most formidable antagonist with which Christianity has to contend, is materialism. A word or two as to some of tho forms it now assumes. Let me first refer to the positive philosophy, as it is termed—a system elabo- rated during the first half of this century by Comte, a Frenchman, who has not been long dead. Among other things, it asserts that we have knowledge only of physical phenomena, and that all we know of them is the relation which they hold to each other under the head of resemblance and sequence ; and that these are tho laws of nature, and are invariable; that they control tho phenomena of tho human mind and of social life, and that, therefore, there is no more freedom in human men than in tho movements of tho stars. It is a system of shear materialism and atheism. There are other peculiarities about which I need not mention further. It has its adhe- rents in England, but though planted on British soil, it is not likely, I think, to take deep root and flourish there. The far more formidable foe which Christianity has to meet is what is called scientific materialism. Here we find various shades of opinion. Some eminent scientists and physicists, while they do not call themselves materialists, teach what is known as such. Others again, especially scientific men on the Continent, are less cautious and more outspoken. The material, they affirm, is alone tho true and real—it is uncreated and eternal—force and matter are inseparable and indestructible. These are not scientific facts but they are inferences pretended to be drawn from indis putable facts. How unwarrantable some of these inferences are, we may show, by one instance in illustration of tho way in which certain conclusions are reached. Among tho discoveries and established facts of modern science is what is called tho correlation of forces. Physical forces—such as light, heat, chemical affinities, galvanism — are convertible and identical. They may be changed the one into tho other ; and they are all forms of motion. As long as this is regarded as a scientific fact, there will be no difference of opinion. But there are other forces with which the scientist has to deal, and for which he has to account — the vital force or tho power of life; and mental force or the energies of mind. There are scientific men who will bring these under one general principle, and assert that physical and vital and mental forces are correlated, and that these are forms and modifications of each other. Now it appears to me that tho scientist in making this assertion is depart- ing from tho principles of tho inductive philosophy which has been so prolific of results in the domain of physics and kindred sciences????? are presented, by conscious- ness, such as intelligence, thought, volition, emo- tion, altogether different from those of matter. These are as real and as much facts as those of natural science. They cannot be classified together; they cannot be brought under the one and tho same general principle. To identify mind with material forces appears to me to be a violation of tho very principles by which scientific men profess to be guided in their researches. I cannot I confess see tho slightest proof of it, but, on the contrary, there is tho strongest evidence to show that these varied pheno- mena belong to two different and diverse substances. But it is not with forms or systems, of materialism that wish to deal. It is more with tho spirit of it, and it is from this that tho greatest danger is to be apprehended These systems have often only a temporary existence, and obtain a hold only on tho minds of tho comparatively few. I know that a different view is taken of this subject. The able author of tho work called "Tho Paraclete" remarks— "A great battle between faith and unbelief has yet to come. There have long been wars and rumours of wars, but Armageddon itself is now evidently in the near distance. The struggle will relate not so much to tho facts of Christian history, as to tho reality of spiritual existence.' Christian men are bound therefore to show cause why they insist on retaining their old theological landmarks." While I venture to differ from such high authority, l would not say anything to diminish a sense of tho gravity, of tho conflict impending between faith and unbelief. It has begun already. Those very truths, are called in ques tion and denied. But our little systems have there day ; they have their day and cease to be. These materialistic systems will have their day and give place to others. What is most adverse to religion is tho spirit which those create and foster, which limits the desires to that which comes within tho sphere of the senses, and renders the mind insusceptible to higher influences. It will be of little good to attempt to counteract this spirit by mere reasoning or argumentation. Tho great counteractive would be, tho wider diffusion of tho vital power of Christianity emanating from the source. of all spiritual life-tho. Sprit of God. ' ' In confirmation of this view, and further to illustrate it, I cite here the discriminate and just remarks of Canon Liddon :-"It may,then, seem a poor and trite thing to say, that real belief in tho Holy Ghost implies -an habitual belief in- tho reality -of a spiritual and ' supersensuous world.'' There is in fallen 'human nature a 'constant and 'profound tendency to sink under the dominion of matei- rialistic habits of thought, that is to surrender ourselves to the fascination, and so to tho empire of tho senses. I do not now speak of formal materialistic systems, in which tho conception of spirit is banished from human thought by tho decree of some pretentious theory, which denies that there are any ultimate constituents of being except matter and force. Materialism, considered as a formal doctrine, enjoys, at least in England, only a limited range of empire. English people do not like its look, since apart from its irreligion it has a traditional tendency to become pedantic. * * * But tho danger is; it comes amongst us in an easy unofficial guise. It comes to us English people, with an adroit appeal to tho characteristic on which we are wont to pride ourselves. Go on your way, it whispers to us, O, most practical, amongst tho peoples of the earth'. Have done with the theological toys which amused you in the nursery, of your mental civilization. Vex, not your thought with tho considerations of tho problems that have wearied human souls for centuries to no purpose. Believe in your senses; believe in what you see, and eat, and feel and smell. Subdue tho elements of the visible world, study their laws, their uses, their combinations ; make matter more entirely your slave. Organise tho social system, under which man passes his brief existence, so as to better man's state materially. Here, here only, progress is possible. To seek happiness elsewhere is only to build on the quicksand of venerable illusion and lose your time. * * * * * * " Surely this popular untheoretic yet most real materialism is radically inconsistent, with the recognition of tho great truth before tho mind of the Church this day—credo bi Spiritum Sanctum. I believe in tho Holy Ghost; "What does it involve ?" If words mean anything, if I have any belief in the self- consistency of truth, it involves at least this ; that I believe in the existence of a supersensuous world, within and upon which the Divine Spirit moves and ' acts." The natural inference from this passage is, that our aim should be first, to seek to strengthen men's faith in this truth and promote its wider acceptance. To ensure this would1 ho Ibb'-'most "effcctim refutation, titlTsl"°r "I .BonietiiiieH.nllcgcdiMtifihesbohorsw'' , ' Xê^^lliZZ K^^ .Qï»ri6tî«1ity is not a-' of boLvlMo^ on-" '.^'Ä S» » Positive revelation! 'o-reiii {Mu nu,' * : :J.S - Gospel is an iiihrmation of tho! 'Sh".,l,l V, r -tllltlíB wIl,ch relato to man's redemption. "\Vo| "J/^' ih.°- positive" truths-of Christianity in do-l Í H V-^^''v0/0íf' tlle'l,1'0,nÍB0 .of tho Holy Spirit's infiuenco to; i" , efreclual in tho salvation of men. I do:not' .:';.ac.1T.lllU0. -tho 6crvico,.rcaiderod to. tho causo of truth, in! this or any other age, by its apologists. Tho writings of men like Tertullian, Justin Martyr, and Origen, in the second and third centuries, were of great advantage to the Christians of those or of subsequent times. But, to pass by different epochs in the general history of tho Church, I would refer to one, in tho history of Christianity in England—tho eighteenth century. This may be called tho ago of Apologetics. During tho last century, infidelity in England, under tho name of free- thinking, was busy in elaborating its creed. Some of tho great names of that time stood forth in de- fence of Christian truth, such as Chandler, Sherlock, Lardner, Bentley, and others. But pre-eminent among them was Bishop Butler, author of tho " Analogy of Reli- gion." &c.;,—greatest of Christian apologists of any age, as he has been called. According to an extract from an address of the present Bishop of Oxford, which recently appeared in the Sydney Morning Herald, tho Bishop gives a gloomy picture of tho religious state of tho University of Oxford, of the latent as well as tho open infidelity which prevails there. Tho accuracy of tho Bishop's statement, I believe, has since been called in question. Tho picture may or may not have been drawn in too dark a colour,—but supposing it to be a true one, it is not darker than that which Bishop Butler has given of tho state of his own times, when he said, ' That it had been taken for granted by many persons that Christianity was not so much a subject of inquiry; but that at length it was dis- covered to be fictitious." I have lived, to see, says Warburton, speaking of tho same period, " that fatal crisis when religion has lost its hold on tho minds of tho people." No doubt that Butler, in common with his co-workers, did much (and he more than any of them) to stem tho tide of infidelity and bring back the nation to faith in God. But their books would be read by tho educated classes only, and their circulation would be necessarily limited. But there was a more effectual method of rebuking tho spirit of unbelief than that of the apologists,' and one which appealed to tho hearts of tho many. It was tho Divine method. I refer to tho great spiritual awakening which attended the rise of Methodism. Just about tho time that Butler was publishing the " Analogy," or a little later, Whitefield was about to begin open-air preaching among tho colliers of Kingswood and tho crowds of Moorfields, and John Wesley was returning from Georgia, little dreaming of tho magnitude of the work which God had for him at home. In tho Established Church there was little Evangel- ical life. Indeed, by most of tho clergy tho doctrines of grace, as they are termed, were openly repudiated. These times, says Canon Kyle, were tho darkest that England passed through in the last 300 years. Anything more deplorable than tho condition of the country, as to religion and morality and high principle, it is very difficult to conceive. Isaac Taylor, in his history of Methodism, says that when John Wesley appeared, the Anglican Church was an ecclesiastical system under which tho people of England had lapsed into heathenism, or into a state hardly to be distinguished from it. Though some of tho Nonconformist Churches were verging towards Arianism and Socinianism, and in others life had degenerated from what it had been in tho time of their fathers, yet there were among them men of learning and piety, who nobly strove to keep alive tho sacred fire, and to kindle it when ready to die out. Among those were Watts and Doddridge. The latter wrote "on tho best way to revive the Dissenting interest." Tho religion of Non- conformists in those days, even where tho traditional life and piety had been retained, had lost its aggressiveness. It had become very much of a decorous and domestic affair, concerned about perpetuating its own existence, and little troubled about tho state of tho world without. Hence there was little sympathy;' I fear, shown' with ' this move- ment by some of the Churches. This I infer from un incident in tho life of Doddridge, which I remember to have read. Few men exhibit more symmetry of mind and more completeness of Christian character than Dr. Doddridge-a scholar, author, preacher, poet—a man devout, accom- plished, liberal, large-hearted—one who attracted towards himself men of widely different views and characters. Warburton, tho most learned of tho ' bishops, visited him. John Wesley consulted him about, books for his preachers. Whitefield found in him a warm sympathiser. He welcomed him to Northampton, and. attended some of thu services conducted by him in London.. There was o letter written tb him about thia time hy Mr. Coward's trustees (tho trustees of tho college of which Doddridge was tutor), in which a gentle remonstrance is addressed to him for having introduced tho service for Whitefield at tho taber- nacle. Doddridge vindicated his course. The agents in. tho band of tho Spirit of God for reviving religion were young clergymen-tho Wesleys, Whitefield, and others. These young men, when at Oxford, were in tho habit of meeting together for tho reading of tho.Scrip- tures and prayer. God led them to see tho importance 'of tho doctrines of grace, enabled them to grasp them and hold them forth to others. It was a noble exercise of self denial on their part.. There were among them men 'of culture who, had they devoted themselves to tho pursuits of science or literature, might have obtained for themselves a name. But this they renounced, that they might become to tho people apostles of these neglected and discarded truths. They were willing to be despised, and, in tho estú mation of tho world, to become as tho offscouring of all things, if they might be honoured in bringing souls to God. " Them that honour me," says God, " I will honour." Tho fruit of their labours remains,' and, through tho ages, their names will be honoured as among England's md tho world's great benefactors. Tho apologists,of those days wrote their answers, ; They did their work, and did it well',. But this was God's reply to thoso who hud taned His spiritual power and presence, questioned even His existence-who had incredulously and tauntingly asked LUiifhiu-"lir^luJvi.ni«U revolution, were brought to a head."' Tho altar-and tho throne were levelled with tho dust. But there followed a 'time of re- action.. Life was revived in tho-British Churches. Most of our modern missionary and kindred societies, tho glory of our age,' date from tho time immediately-following. They were the-outcome of this life. A wonderful work of grace in America took place be- tween 1857 and 1860. This succeeded a commercial crisis and a financial embarrassment. To, use tho words of an American writer :—'.Tho" Church, was cold. ' Tho greed of gain had amounted to a mania.' Speculation rose to fever heat, and a crash followed." . ' " ' God meant it for good.' He would drive out, Mammon . that hë might reign; He made poor tho merchant princes that they,, might be rich in heavenly graco. .When' tho wheels of industry stood still, and general gloom had spread over all," á voice whispered, come and rest awhile. ls, any nillietcd, let bini .pray.; A weekly, and then ii daily prayer meeting was begun in New York. These meetings multi- plied, yio PrcsB took up tho matter, and tho telegraphic wiro flashed mcBBnges froni ono meeting to another.. It. pcn'iidcd all classes. Sinners turned to tho Lord, , and found ponce; Theso wero glorious results. ' - ,! j Claso on this followed tho work of God' in' Scotland and Irelan'd.; At first, thero wcro somo objectionable : features in connection with it in tho latter country;'but thoko SUCH disappeared. Tho fruit that followed, showed tliiit God's hnnu was in it. . .fC-îV -. j But thero is ono event whioh I must not pass by. It is ono which hos oxcitcd deep .interest, and has boon followed by remarkable results.- - I refer to theiriission to tho mother country of tho American ovangolists, Messrs. Moody.nnd Snnkoy. I have no sources pf information respecting thom which ¡no not nccossiblo toothers; but-f rom most credible accounts ''furnished ' by tho Bress; of which I avaiUmysolf hero, it ia likely to mark an epoch in , tho rbligioùs'îhistory of Great Britain.:? Tho mission itself . is rit tin bud-tte brethren having' recently returned 'hourn* lifter "á" s.ijourn nnd work extending over fw-o years.. During that, tirao Great Britain and Ireland weré tho scone of a great religi- ous work, which it is-enid' hits had, no parallel sinco'tho time when Whitefield and Wesley wont'forth, to preach tho gospel, and added to"tho Church doily' tlio'so "wno should bo saved; , '.. ,,:',"'; "'! -.'. ',"' '. ?'? ' " The nantes of these ovangolists will bo long familiar tn the inhabitants bf great towns and cities of tho Unitod Kingdom, aiid'aro associated with tho result of, tho-most remarknblo development of spiritual influonco of modorh times. ' - ?'- ' '. '" ' '?''"': '.'''.' ' ?'".'. Wo aro impressed with the pprvasivo oharacter of tho work, n's affecting persons in tho ^various ranks and condi- tions of lifo. Thousands 'on'thousands- of all' classés of ' society-'tho rich arid cultivated,,tho poor and uninstructed -listened to tho, earnest and h'onioly fórco, tho natural untrained eloquence, tho apt illustration, tho direct appeals of Mr, Moody, tho strong sweet singing of Mr. Saukoy; nnd as tho result nn inquiry aroso among thousands how to obtain penco; and doubtless thousands obtained what they sought; for by means of these faithful and onorgotio servants of their Master.. ' : ; ? .'.-.. j Tho Divino'imprimatur has been given to this' work. ?Thohand of God*wns-in this mpvomont. Wo ' cannot accouut for tho effect produced by tho means used, or by thb natural or acquired ondpwments of tho mon.- Mr. Moody, we are told by tho critics of tho Proes, is. not a man of high culture. He liiakes no pretension to it. As a speaker ho is at times careless as to grammar and pronunciation. Ho lins little power in modulating his voice, and tho speaking is not consistent with correct elocution arid'grácéful delivery ; y ot tho, teaching is .'so direct hud vigorous, so simple, scriptural, and earnest, ns to go direct to tho heart, and is especially blessed in awakening tho ccnscionco. .-' Then cunes tho service of song by Mr. Sankoy, tho simplo pathos, nnd tho Brining melody which aid in deepening the , impressions made., Wo have tho testimony pf such mon as Dr. Blnickic, Professor Charteris, and Mr. Dale, to tho power thal, attended thoso services. Tho first of theso snyi " If u' Christian-minister were to .bring together all tho best èft'fîoalhntliave'occiirrcd' m his ministry within a period of 'twelve or fifteen years/they would'form a tolerably correct counterpart; ;ÓÍ :tho results during tho present poriod of awakening." J;1t is a revival without tho common accom-i pnniinents'pf a' revival. As soi'no ono has oxprosscd it, ii is an ordinary wbrk with extraordinary power. 'As'ii fare J .well meeting, to fake leave of tho brethren, ministers '0f. ¡ill Ecctions bf tho Protestant Church boro witnoss .lo tho success bf ,tho movement, and of tho divino reality of tho! work. ß.;-' . "'-. -.', ',, :"" ,, ' ,".,¿,1 v ' , ] It would bo presumption.in mc, with my 'short rosidoncq nnd my limited, oxperienco here, to pronounco positively on the state of thc Churches in this land. 'Yet.-1 .caiuiot but think that thero aro, signs of growing lifo among usi There is a bettor spirit prevailing in tho Churches, Thara is n desire often expressed by Christian mcn¿ for a moro \- advanced Christian lite ; and lhere is a moro earncst.cft'orl; to hiing.the unconverted under tho'saving, iufluenco of thu Gospel. Special services for tho revival of religion aro' being frequently held by our brethren of tho .varion* Churches-thc Presbyterian, tho Wesleyan, tho Inde- pendent, and tho Baptist. Tho Church o'f England holds thero services in another form, jn' what is called thu Eight Buys' Mission. I may. hero also rofiir tb Union Monday Prayer Meeting, and 'to ono recently established in connection with tho Sydney Young Men's Christian Aeso , ciation. /j .ii I Thcso services havo boen often attondod with blessed inflnences. They havo doubtless proved a stimulus and refreshment to God's people, and often a means of quicken- ing to tho spiritually dead. Somo of these Churches would probably refuse to work in concert with us in holding special services, and would not allow us to co-operoto with them. Wo should, nevertheless, rejoice in signs of growing vitality in any Church. To take the lower ground-when the blessing comos to any Church, it cannot bo monopolized Uy it-it. must be diffused, and will be, sooner or later, re- ceived by other Churches, if prepared for it. But wo should over tako tho higher ground-namely, that, whom., there aro special times of refreshment, God is glorified, seu'.s ate saved, and, therefore, wo should rejoice. Thcso signs show that, whilo tho Churches hear af showers of blessing falling on distant parts of tho Hold, they are earnestly desirous that (hoy may fall also on that part of it which t'hev cultivate. Surely, wo may look for it. Tho great promise'distinctive of tho era of tho Christian Church encourages us to expect and wait for it. God acts as a sovereign in dispensing His gifts ; but, oven in this, Ho will have regard to human means and human instru- mentality. Thero had been, wo m o told, much preparatory work in tho United Kingdom before tho lato gracious visi- tation wns vouchsafed. There had boon many "services conducted in theatres and public rooms, muon open-air preaching, tho Gospel had been curried to tho masses; and thero had been much earnest, pleading with .God. IB thero not much of this preparatory work carried orihorot'. May we not look at tho many things which wo witness around us as preliminary signs of tho blessing that is to como to us ? I think tho Churches nro now moro desirous than (hey have been at somo othor timos to test tho faith- fulness of tho divino promise by moro earnest pleading, and. to comply with those conditions which, by God's blessing, will bring tho gift of tho Spirit moro plenteously down on us. Thero are indications in connection with tho ministry and thc Church which favour this view. Thoy may bo regarded, in part, as tho result of an improved condition oE things ; also, as onuses in operation which will bring about; a better state-precursory signs of a brighter era in tho Church of tho future. Let me bo understood hero as making no positivo assertions. I simply express my own convic- tions. There are, it appears to mo, certain tendencies existing which lead towards certain results. Thcso results, when reached, are conditions on which tho blessing sought will bo secured. Tho iirst sign-1. An improved Btylo of preaching. Thero has been, I believe, for somo timo past, an improvement in tho stylo of pulpit discourse. It baa becomo less elaborate, with less of rhetoric in it, ?moro simple, moro Scriptural, dealing moro faithfully with tho conscience, aiming moro directly .at spiritual results, in tho conversion of sinners snd tho edifi- cation of beliovers. It lins not been adopted bocauso it requires less study and less timo for preparation. It ro« quires more. Thero is n remark of Henry Rogers (which), I quoto from memory) ¡Ilustrativo of thia point. It referai to a minister who was just entering on a new sphere oE labour, and, giving tho impression that he thought his work easy, ho remarked-" I have only to preach tho siinpla Gospel." Poor man ! little did ho think of tho work thai involved. If his ministry was to bo something moro than fl moro iteration of tho samo truths from week to wook ; if this ministry was to be varied, instructive, and edifying, ns well as simple and earnest, ho had undertaken ono of tho most difficult tasks in tho world. I appeal to my brethren hero, with glentor abilities and wider experience, for tho confir- mation of tho truth I stnto. Tho unpremeditated exercises of a minister may bo, nt times, of tho happiest character, striking, suitable, adapted to tho occasion. But, as a general rule, the sermons that aro thoughtful, scriptural, simple, effootivo, and telling aro tho fruit of care- ful preparation. What ministers need for this ia moro timo. They nra often sorely driven for tho want of it. Then como in tho courso of tho week's work, ovening services, pnstoral duties, com- mittee and business meotings, extra engagements, and tho préparation of tho inovitablo two Bornions for tho Sunday. No wonder that health often breaks down. No class o£ men-I speak it advisedly-havo their mental powors moro severely taxed,_ than ministers of religion. A greater; regaid for tho timo and health of tho minister would often ensure moro interesting, edifying, and effectivo preaching. 2\. A now power in sacred song ÍB being dovclopod. It ia likely, I think, to bo called into requisition to a greatoc extent than before, as nn auxib'ary to tho preaching of tho Gospel,-to bo used not only os an expression of prniso to God, but ns tho means of convoying religious truth to mon. By Mr. Sankey tho truths of tho Gospel wore sung so as to lend to them tho forco and persuasiveness which musical sound- can convoy. Somo strongly object to havo tho Gospel sung ; for what reason I cannot BCO. If it is tho Gospel, it is God's truth, whether enid or sung. Tho trea- sure in each caso is in earthen vessels ; and, where it takes effect, tho excellency of tho power is bf God. To quote tho . wordB of Professor Charteris and Dr. Blaickio ; " Wo havo been lcd to see, says tho former, that it is a mistake to c'om flno tho song to tho utterance of praise and prayer in Christian meetings. We havo learnt to valuo moro highly its power in instruction. Tho uso of Bong for instruction, and for tho application of tho truth, is not now! It is ag old as David, as old as Moses, but it has received a how impetus nmongBt us. Wo who aro called to teach ami admonish ono another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, may well bo glad to havo been reminded how this may bc done." . tt> With regard to tho spirit in which it should bo dono, tho latter Eays,-" "Why should singing bo dono moro carelessly than either preaching or praying. Why should it ba thought that good and well- trained voices nro tho; only requisites for precentors and choirs, and that spiritual sacred Bong und"? tho"'action.of tho "Holy Spirit, ana tua need pf tho Borne exercises pf preparation and priiypr for tho singer ns for tho preacher, in order that tho souls o£ both may bo filled with tho truths which aro to bo spokon by tho ono, and to be sung by tho other." ' 3\. Tho power of prayer is being moro tested. \ Tho strength of any Church is found in ita praying mimiDors. Revivals generally begin with prayer. Conversions aro tho fruit of prayer. " Thus saith tho Lord, I will yot.for this bo inquired of tho houso of Israel to do it for thom." It was' when tho disciples had prayed together for days, and whoa they were of ono accord in ono place, that tho descent uf tho Spirit at Pentecost took place. Ofttimes whon tho causo o£ God has been depressed, Christian people, deeply concornod for it, havo met for prayer. Tho answer carno in a spiritual awakening. Tho mon who havo achioved moBt for God have been those who havo boon mighty in pmyor. 4\. There is a greater desire evinced to attain to a higher Christian lifo. It were woll if this wera moro generally felt. We have in connection with! our Churches porsonsi of high religious culture, of fino Christian spirit nnd cour- teous disposition. . May thoir numbers greatly incrcaso! But there aro in connection with nil Churches momhors whoso Christian character belong lp a low typo. Somo o£ tliCEc are obstructions, and will not movo on ; others who aro disposed to bo activo uro difficult to work with ; thoic usefulness is marred by their unhappy' disposition to fault- finding, and tho uncharitable spirit with which thoy rogart! lifo actions of nil who differ from thom. But thero is much allowance to ho mado in their caso; tho graco o£ God bas been superinduced oh an ungenial nature. But ns Divino graco is thero, there is: ground for tho hopo o£ improvement. Happily their number is small, and ia becoming less. Tho exhibition of a courteous feeling between members of tho Church in ' thoir co-oporation foe tho advancement' ,of tho cause of Christ, with moro en- larged views of truth nnd moro exalted piety, would givo them increasing powor to.win on tho world whore otherwise they wouldjonly repel. .»* . û. Tho Church is becoming moro animated by a sonso o£ responsibility, and to see moro tho need of porspnal oit'ort, on the part of each membor, for furthering tho' interests on Christ's Kingdom in .tho world.1 It'was thus that this cauBo won its way nt first. Sinco a Church ¡B composed of individuals, tho obb'gntion to 'reclaim''a lost "world presses on all alike.. It is net tho work of a groat ccrporato body, but of beliovers porsonallyj all to act with a primo reforenco to tho glory of Christ. , G. Another dopartmont of Christian, work-a most im- portant ono, I muBt hot pass by, though I can only mention it. Tho Church has found a most efficient auxiliary' in tho Sunday school. Liko ovory institution, it is suscoptiblo of improvement. Attention is now given to render tho school moro efficient in tho work of saving souls and in training scholars for sorvico in tho Church. Heneo tho subject of child-piety has recently been muoh considered, as thut which should , engage tho attention of parents and teachers, which lum boen so strangely overlooked. Children havo formed a largo proportion of convorts in rccont re- vivals, \ Should not this becomo tho mlo and not tho ex- ception? There is, it is said, a vastamount of scepticism on this bubject, which must bo removed before tho SVorlfl is given to Christ. 7\. A happy sign of tho times is tho disposition on tho part of different sections of tho Christian Church to como into closer union-to work together where it is found practicable, and where it. is not, to recognise tho importance of oacb. other's soparafo work, and bid each othor God spcetj'ln'it. Tho Church ÍB no procrustean bed, whoro tho boliofs o£ men are to ,bo stretched out or narrowed down to cortnia dimensions,'so ns to secure uniformity of creed. . En- lightened Christian men who think, will think differently, and will, on certain subjects, reach different conclusions. While they hold in common tho essential IrutliB of religión, they will view thoso under somoivhat different. aspects There liiivo existed of old certain gonoric fonn9 uf Church government-Congregational, Independency, Presbyterian- ism, and Diocesan Episcopacy. There wore different théo- logie forms of truth, corresponding with Calvinism and Arminianifm, long befpro cithor Calvin or Arminius ap- peared-perhaps, theso aro tho two poles of . ono truth, liko Platonism and Aristotulianism in nhilo . sophy. As long as tho world lasts thero will, .in all probability, be adherents to tho ono or tho othor of these. Wc cannot secure a uniformity of belief. I do not say that those differences aro unimportant. All truth, and ovory part of truth, is important. Every part of tint which wo beliovo to bo truth is to bo firmly and conscientiously hold. But all truth innot of equal importance-certain membors of tho human body, may bo removed, and tho body, though mutilated, may still poridnn its functions. But if certain organs liko tho heart'áro seriously injured or removed, lifo becomes extinct. .: In God's revelation and system of truth, thora aro. truths essential to its life; all nro essential lo itasyinuiolrv and completeness. Whilo ns to tho groat essentials "of Christianity, tho life-giving truths at tho Gos]jol, thero is substantial agreement,-as there is among all Evangelical Christiana,-thero should bo unity of action when prhoji cablc, and when our various organizations allow of it,-but there should bo union of spirit at. all times. Wo havo'ono end in common to accomplish, tho-, salvation of iincittin subordination to tho glory of God. Tho.progress ot trna religion/,bas often been hindered by tho estrangement «Î religious purlieu, by thc dissensions of Churches, ? hy tho narro wncss and bigotry of ministers of religion. It has boen found, for instauco, that «ne minister lins refused to recogniso ns a Christian brother and a minister of Christ ono who preached tho samo truths .with himself, and perhaps with ability, learn- ing, and piety ooual with, if not superior to, his own. I hare no sympathy with «ny who court recognition front other Churches and ministers for tho sako of giving im- portance to themselves or thoir work. If I am a minister .f Christ, and do His work, with His approval and tho con- fidence of my brethren, personally and liumnnly speaking it is a matter of littlo moment whether my work is, noticed, or recognised, or not, by ministers of other Churches. It. is not on personal or denominational grounds, but only in tho interest of religion and Christian charity that I plead for a différent spirit. I desire to see this removed because tho 'exhibition of an uncharitable disposition and of a narrow and bigoted spirit brings dishonour on the cause of truth, and dissen- sions among religious parties are a source of weakness to tho Church, and impair its influence as a whole While union among Christians, without tho sacrifice of truth, and co-operation, without compromising prinoiple, is a mighty moral démonstration to tho world of tho Divine mission of tho Clniich and of tho Divinity of its Founder. Aro not thcso signs precursors and harbingers of a better day, and is not God already working by means of these to bring it fully in ? Tho Press, as well as oral teaching, are diligently used in tho propagation of various forms of anti-Christian error. Tho same will have to be employed, when required, to meet and refute those errors. There have been men in every age raised up and qualified by tho Great Head of tho Church to stand forth in defence of truth and to speak with tho enemy in tho gate. Tho Church should acknow- ledge its debt of gratitude to those who defended its out- works in times of danger, and who nobly manned its walls to guard tho sacred citadel against tho assaults of tho besieging foe. But with a more aggressive spirit on ;its part there would have been less for its defenders to do. instead of standing on the defence, tho war might have been carried into tho territory of tho oneiny. Just at tho beginning of tho Peninsular war, tho strategic skill of tho great English general was displayed in tho orders he gavo for tho construction of defensive works in Portugal. Thoso ' were tho celebrated lines of Torrea Vodras, which proved to be impregnable. By these he secured a base of opera .tions for his army, and kept tho enemy at bay. v: Tho assault was made in vain, and, now wearied, ; tho enemy retired. Tho English arny issued out; of its lines, and tho great Duke rose in tho saddle and gave orders to advance. They were to leave those outworks for ever, and drive tho enemy before them. Tho Church is not to be over lying; within its intrenchments. Before a more earnest and active Christianity many of tho forces of tho enemy would be dissipated. Much of tho floating infidelity of tho day would be swept away by a stronger rising tide of religious life. Tho materialistic, tho secular istic spirit, that of mammon worship and of stolid indiffer ence, will be exorcised, as it is replaced by a higher spirit, which emanates from tho great source of life and power tho Holy Ghost. Abundant illustration of this may be found in tho past history of tho Church. "When blind unbelief has scanned God's works and failed to find Him, and even denied Him, God has appeared as his own inter- preter. He has rebuked unbelief by works of mercy, as well as by works of judgment, He has appeared, by seasons of grace, to vindicnte tho truth of his relation to the Church, and of his spiritual presence and power, when that truth has been denied. He has done so in our times. "What he has done is a pledge of greater blessings in reserve for us. Tho promise, characteristic of tho present period, warrants us in looking for it. And, hore, I return to Uio point from which I started,-What aro tho duties of tho Church, and what should bo its attitude when viewed in tho light of this truth ? Among its duties aro-faith and prayer, un- wearied Christian activity, tho building up of itself and seeking tho lost. Its altitude should bo that of expecta- tion and hope-tho looking and waiting for tho blessing. Tho promiso is not oxhausted. "With God is an infinito reservo of power, His resourcos aro illimitable. " Provo mo herewith, saith thoLord of Hosts, if I will not opon to you tho windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing so that thero may bo not room enough to receive it." What wo havo received in tho past will, thorefore, bo littlo in comparison with that which wo expect to reçoive in thc future. It will bo as tho drops before tho shower, as the gentío shower before tho plenteous rain, or as tho first fruits before tho abundant harvest. Whilo urging tho claims of this subject on tho minds of my brethren, 1 feel scnsiblo of solemn influences gathorinp around us to-night, to enforce these claims. In tho briol history of Uio CongTCgslionnl Union in this land, it has never before fallon to tho lot of any ministor to supplj tho placo of n chairman from tho samo causo as J . do now. Onco nnd again a brother, durinf. his tenn of office, has had to go away perhaps on ft visit to tho old country, or has been called u tho providence of God to transfer his services to anothe colony. In either enso, another has como forward to til his placo and supply his lack of service. Tho frioui whoso place I fill is away from a different reason. It is m temporary absence. ; " Ile tho young and strong who cherished Noblo longings tor the strife, By tho roadside fell anti perished, "Weary with thc mnrch of lifo." Ho has finished his brief courso. Ho has entered tnt rest. I oin to-night in tho room of tho dopnrtcd. I lit ^W^-'tyJ01 -ñ°0 vÄ oPiuo «^T"S to minglo with that of tho living. Tho evon itself appeals to us, and Bays, "Bo yo also ready, for in tb hour that yo think not tho Son of Man cometh. What over you find to do, do it at once, and doit with your might for tho day will soon close, and tho night will como ii which no man con work." Wo arc urged te this by th words, tho example, and tho voice of tho Master ; and t enforce those claims there comes to us tho voices of the departed-voices from tho grave, voices from tho depth and stillness of tho unseen world. God, by His Spirit, is work- ing in us : therefore let us work. " The future hides in it Gladness and sorrow. We press still through. Nought that abides in lt Daunting us-Oawards. " And solemn before us Veiled the dark portal, Goal of all mortal ; Stars silent rest o'er us, G rares under us silent. " While earnest thou gavest, Comes boding of terror, ' Comes phantasm, and error Perplexes tko bravest , "With doubts and misgiving. " Dut heard are the voices, . ricard arc thc Sugcs, Thc worlilB and the ages Choose well, and Thy choice is i Brief and yet endless. " Herc eyes will regard you, IR Eternity's stillness Hero is all fulness, Ye brave to reward you, Work and despair not." , Tho Rev. JOHN GTIAHAM moved a vote of thanks to th chairman for tho comprehensive, tinioly, and excellent od dross, which ho had just given thora-(choors)-for th vory encouraging address with which ho had just favouro them. (Cheers.) ' Tho Rov. J. P.. SUNDERLAND seconded tho voto c thanks to their dcor brothor who had spokon so well an earnestly in showing them that they could best meet every form of infidelity and opposition, by looking above man an depending upon God's Holy Spirit. (Cheors.) Tho motion was put by Mr. SUNDERLAND, and carrie with acclamation. Tho meeting was closed by tho benediction, pronouucei by tho Chairman. WEDNESDAY, 9 a.m.-Tho ministers and tho delegate attending tho Union assembled, on tho invitation of th Hon. John Fairfax, to breakfast in tho schoolroom. Th breakfast was very largely attended. Tho topic of convor . sation, after it was over, was " Tho relation and duty o tho Churches to thoso who neglect tho public ordinances o religion." Soveral gentlemen took part in tho discussion . It was ultimately moved by tho Rev. J. A. Dowie, am seconded by the Rov. E. Robinson, and carried,-" That i bo a recommendation from this mooting to tho cjmrnitteo o tho Union to fako stepB to petition tho Legislature ti enforce tho law relating to tho closing of public-houses Ol tho Lord's day." Tho Rev. Thomas Johnson closed th meeting withprnyor. 3 p.m.-Ministers and delegatos met again, tho meotini being opened with prayer, m which the Rov. E. Lcacl ... engaged. Tho Rev. John Graham introduced to tia . Chairman of tho Union tho Rev. Mr. Olloy, a student o Camdon College, who had received a call from tho Hunter'i Hill Congregational Church, and who would bo ordainet as soon as convenient. Able papors wore read by tho Rev W. Bradley on " The dnty and privflcgo of publii worship," and by Mr. Josiah Mullens on " Tho servici of prayor in tho Honso of tho Lord." Voves of thanki wore accorded to the Rev. Mr. Bradley, and to Mr. Mulloni for their papers, and they wero asked to consent to theil publication in next year's Congregational Year Book. Thi Rev. Thomas Johnson gave a short address on " Soparati services for Sunday Schools." Tho subjects of tho papers . and address, wero earnestly, thoughtfully, and lenghthilj discussed. 7.30 p.m. a public meeting was hold in order to heal two addresses. Tho ono from tho Rev. W. Sbvtyor, ant . tho other from tho Rov. J. G. Fraser, M.A. After prais« ? tho Rev. Mr. Cullen engaged in prayer. Two able ant . eloquent addresses were then delivered by tho Rov. W Slatycr on " Somo nspecta of tho times which aro passine e'er us ;" and by tho Rev. Mr. Frasor on " Tho preaching of tho Gospel in relation to modern forms of infidelity.' : The addresses wore frequently npplaudcd by tho mooting which was a numerous ono, and which was brought to o close with tho benediction, shortly after Ö o'clock. 