VICTOEIA COURSING CLUB. SECOND MEETING, 1875. /by our special reporter.) Saturday, 8th May. President: Joseph Clarke, Eaq. Vice-Presidents : Molesworth Greene, W. M'Oallooh, Samuel Wilson. Stewards : Messrs. Samuel Bright, T). G. Olark. Fetherston, O. B. Fisher. Lloyd Jones, T. H. Lempriere, W. Leonard, F. Quinlan, A. P. Rudd, Hon. Robert Simeon, John Wagner, Geo. Watson. Judge : Mr. Frank Gardner. Slipper: Mr. Miohael Whelan. A Piece of Plate, value £20, given by the club fn. nnm nAf.itinn amonsit the six erevhounds beaten by lavender Water (disqualified) in the St. Leger Stakes of 1874. ("Mr. W. M'Culloch's w f b My Idea, by Gumloden 3 — Lais, beat I Mr. C. Lemoriere'sf b Luoy, by Pell Mell— Fly. r Mr. G. Bullen's f b Bellona, by Wizard— Diana, J beat (Mr. W. Pitt's D.O., by Master Britain— Countess. r Mr. D. M'Sryde's bd b Girl of the Period, by S Prefet— Patti, beat j Mr. W. K. Thomson's f d Deerfoot, by Cumloden C —Lais. _ Second Tibs. My Idea beat Bellona. Girl of the Period (a bye). Third Tibs. /Mr. D. M'Bryde's b b Girl of the Period, by j Prefet— Patti, beat ) Mr. William M'Culloch's w and f b My Idea, by Cumloden— Lais and won tbe plate. A Piece of Plate, value £20, given by the club to the Derby and;Oaka winners. /Mr. William Watson's f b Barratta, by Cumloden j —Miss Heller, beat j Mr. A. Hopkins'# f d Sea Breeze, by Sea Swell— I Fly and wen the plate. MATCH. C Mr. Forrester's w b Miss Louev beat Mr. D. G. Clark's b b Pebble. The final settlement of the notorious St. Leger Cup, with whieh is aseociated the name of the well-known oanine celebrity Lavender Water, took plaoe at Keilor road on Saturday last. The special train which left Spencer street railway- station at 11 a.m. was extremely well patronised and when the company were mustered in Robert- son's paddock in half an hour afterwards, there must have been olose on 400 persons present to witness the sport, amongst them being all the leading patrons of the sport in the colony. At the outset hares were apparently scarce, and owing to the excited manner in whioh the crowd behaved, fully one hour had been occupied iu traversing the enclosure before & slip was effeoted. As a rule, hares ran particularly wild, and Mr. Whelan, who officiated as slipper, found it a most difficult matter to despatch the dogs satisfactorily. Owing to the undulating nature of the ground, the trials; with one or two exceptions, were run from view of the crowd, while the objectionable wire fenoe whioh surrounded the paddook did not allow the judge himself to see the finiah cf more than half the oourses. These circumstances, com bined with other peculiar ooourrenoes mentioned in the acoount of the running, tended to make proceedings of the most tame description, and it is needlesB to say that the vast company who left town in the hope of witnessing some thing extra in the shape of oonrsing, re turned to Melbonrne sadly disappointed, if not disgusted. The stewards displayed a great amount of ill judgment in fixing upon such a locality as Robertson's paddocks for running off a contest of such public interest. Although the turf is good-going and free from stones, the ohances are ten to one against the judge seeing a course from beginning to end, owing to the un» negotiable wire fence which encircles the pad dook. Mr. Gardner waB often placed in a diffi cult position to adjudicate, but so tar as this gentleman wasconcerned he had no alternative but to decide on what he actually observed himself. This he suoceeded in doing in a manner not to be cavilled at ; nevertheless, it was very questionable if the same dog that won on Saturday would come off victorious had the affair been contested under more equitable oiroumstances. D.O. and Deer- foot were exceedingly unlucky in getting un sighted, and had it- not been for this mishap the forenamed would have won the st£ko for a moral certainty. Taking the line through the running of My Idea and Bellona, D.O. could haV® led' any one of her five opponents with consummsv® case, while her staying qualities have been s thoroughly demonstrated in the past that the v oan scarcely be surpassed by any greyhound in the land. Owing to the unfavourable formation of the country over which the trials took plaoe, it was impossible for reporters to obtain anything like a good view, and as it would not be policy to give imaginary descriptions of what others might have seen, coursing readers must be content with the following brief details of the running _ Leger.— My Idea and Lucy were un sighted at the first attempt. Next time Lucy led and disappeared over a rise, My Idea being again unsighted. After a few seconds absence the hare came in sight of the spectators, with -My Idea next in pursuit, and the white bitch serving Luoy, the latter made a most determined drive, and killed — verdict for My Idea. In a beautiful slip D.O. instantly drew herself clear of Bellona, and striding away in grand style the daughter of Wizard was 'Virtually left standing still. When D.O. had placed something like fifteen to twenty lengths of daylight between herself and her opponent, the hare swerved across the brow of a hill, and the black got unsighted. Bellona, with her weather eye open, saw the taotioa adopted by puss, and, keeping well on the line of her game, disappeared in command. After making several casts, D.O. strufek out in the direction of the judge, but whether she succeeded in taking any further part in the course the spectators were unable to observe. Shortly afterwards Mr. Gardner returned and decided for Bellona. From my position, I was debarred from viewing the course between Deerfoot and Girl of the Period. Aooording to all aooounts, it was a most unsatisfactory one for the loser, as Deerfoot unsighted himself from slips, and before he got an opportunity ot joining in the Girl had chopped tbe hare, and won. First Ties.— My Idea and Bellona were sent travelling after a hare that made through a wire fence. On being let go, Mr. M'Gullooh's bitch was the first to show in front, and although she struck the wires heavily, the daughter of Gumloden held a commanding advantage when the hare was reaohed. WrenobiDg twice before turning, Bellona made the next, when the trio dipped from Mr. Gardner's vie , leaving him no alternative but to decide a ne> r thing in favonr of My Idea. From where I stood on an elevated position Bellona was observed to more than equalise the score against her, and dit- appeaW a winner. It was rather unfortunate fc r Mr. Bullen that the wire fenoe prevented judge from seeing the whole of the points scored by his bitoh. Girl of the Period now became entitled to a bye, whioh she ran with an own brother, and beat him easily. Deciding Course. — My Idea and Girl of the Period were despatched on their eventful journey to a slip of unusual length, in whioh the former displayed immense superiority of pace over Mr. M'Bryde's representa tive, and when My Idea got unsighted at the: brow of a hill through some person! heading the hare, there could have been no less than twenty- live to thirty lengths between both dogr. Puss coming clean round to Girl of the Period, she went on single-handed, and so long as they were.in eight My Idea was hopelessly in the rear, struggling hard to regain her lost ground. She never got on terms, however, and Girl of th Period was declared the winner. This was a most unsatisfactory termination to eo memorable a contest, for had the white not got unsighted, it was & guinea to a gooseberry that Mr. M'Culloch had won the oup. The trial between Barratta and Sea Breeze for the Derby and Oaks Championship was a very hollow affair, the Oaks victress leading and making a fearfnl example of the Derby hero in a spin of great length. The matoh between Miss Louey and Pebble was equally ene-sided, the former never allowing the latter the ghost of a chance in a moderate course. A meeting of the committee of the above club new members werb elected. Arrrixgementa were made for the Vioe-Ptoside&fa; Cup, which will be run on Wednesday next, the Idtn inst, at Wild- woods. A special train will leave the Spencer strett railway station at 8 a.m. put opmmittee also de cided that tickets should be forwarded to the leaning newspapers, allowing their representatives to tide on horseback during the meeting. After (he transaction of business ef a routine ehsmoter, the meeting ter minated. (for ballarat £r0du0r8saxan(b,8bsf 12) 