INSTALLATION OF THE BISHOP OF BALLARAT:' (BY OUR OWN Mtt OtTeR.) The installation of the Right Rev Dr. I Thornton as Bishop of Ballarat took place I yesterday, at Christ Church, Ballarat The ceremony, which was an interesting and im pressure one, was witnessed by a crowded congregation", every available seat in the church being occupied At half-past 10 a in the bell commenced to tell as an intimation that the service would shortly begin At 11 o'clock the clergy of the diocese, the registrar pro term (the Hon T T A'Beckett) and the choir met the bishop at the principal entrance at the church, and the procession was formed, and conducted him to the chancel in the following order The Verger, the choir in surplices, deacons in surpliced, priests in surplices, the Ven the Archdeacon of Castlemaine, the Ven Archdeacon Stretch, the Very Rev the Vicar General of Melbourne (Dean Macartney), the Bishop, the Bishops Chaplain (Rev H. E Cooper), the Rev Canon Goodman (chaplain pro term ), and the registrar pro. tem. The procession having advanced in this order to the communion rails, the Ven Archdeacon Stretch directed the bishop to his chair on the north side of the communion table, the vicar general went to the reading desk, the officiating clergy- to their seats within the communion rails, and the choir and the rest of the clergy to the seats reserved for them outside the rails. The following clergymen took part in the procession The Vicar General, Archdeacon Stretch, Archdeacon Crawford, Canon Chase, Canon Goodman, Canon Homan, Rev. Dr. Beamish, and the Rev; S C J Allanby, H W H Adeney, L A. Baker W K Brodribb, G F Cross R T Cummins, J Glover, J E. Herring, J H McFarlane, R J. Mercer, J. Onions, J Potter, B Rodda C L H Rupp G J Russell, F Smith, J Watt,, S Walker, J. M. Watson, and E K Yeatman. They came from all parts of the diocese to be present at the ceremony, from points as far distant as Warrnambool, Ararat, Casterton, Mortlake, and Avoca. Morning prayer was read by the vicar general, the First Lesson from Isaiah live, by the Rev Canon Homan , the Second Lesson, 2 Tim i by Rev Dr Beamish , the ante communion service and the Gospel by the bishop, and the Epistle by the Rev. Potter. Immediately after the first lesson the bishop delivered to Archdeacon Stretch his letters commendatory from the Archbishop of Canterbury which the Archdeacon handed to the registrar to be read by him from before the communion rails The Hon T T A'Beckett then read the Notaries Act on the consecration of the bishop by the Archbishop of Canterbury in the collegiate church of St Peter, in the city of Westminster, by virtue of the Royal warrant of Queen Victoria, given at Osborne" house, Isle of Wight, on 15th April, 1875 He also read the mandate addressed to Archdeacon Stretch, to install effectually, and in full episcopal right, Dr Thornton, with all the rights, dignities, c , of the church It was dated Melbourne, 10th August, 1875, and was signed by the vicar general The bishop then advanced to the communion table and made the following declaration -"I, Samuel Thornton, Doctor of Divinity j, Bishop of Ballaarat, do solemnly and sincerely declare my acceptance of the constitution of the United Church of England and Ireland in the Colony of Victoria, as it is set forth in the Act 18 Vict, No 45, commonly known as the Church Constitution Act, and the act to amend the same, passed in the 30th year of the reign of Her present Majesty, and numbered "1 and that I will to the best of my ability give effect thereto, and to the acts passed in pursuance thereof, until the some or any of them shall respectively be lawfully altered or varied -S BALLAARAT." Archdeacon Stretch then read the following words of installation -' I, Theodore Carlos Benoni Stretch, M A., Archdeacon of the archdeaconry of Ballaarat and Hamilton, in the diocese of Ballaarat, do, on this the blrthday of August in the year of our Lord 1875 install effectually and in full episcopal right, you, the Right Reverend Father in God, Samuel Thornton, Doctor of Divinity, in your own proper person Bishop of Ballaarat, elected, confirmed, and consecrated with the real, actual and corporal possession of the said bishopric, with all its rights, dignities, honours, privileges, and appurtenances whatsoever The service was then proceeded with the choir rendering Nares' beautiful " To Deum." The service at may be mentioned was a full choral one Great pains had evidently been taken in training the choir, for the excellence of the singing was generally remarked. In addition to the " To Deum, ' Nares' "Jubilate, Turners Responses in r, and an anthem by Kent "Blessed be Thou, Lord God of Israel, from 1 Chronicles xxix 1013 were rendered The hymns were 181 and 320, "Ancient and Modern. The inaugural sermon was delivered by the bishop He took as his text Zechariah the latter part of the 11th verse The two anointed ones (or sons of oil that stand by the Lord of the whole earth " After rorn___]ting that the prophet was charged by Ge^H__|__a message to his people of sym paU^^^Bouragement, and revival at a periorWRlieir history when, amid poverty and bos-ÉÉ______<y were seeking to plant anew, oi^^^Bevelop the temple and kingdom oilcan, and explains that in the Bublimerisious which he recorded we had the rehearsal of gospel blessings, and were taught how the better temple and kingdom should be set up that station and its means, the work of the Lord Jesus, the coming of the Holy Ghost the destinies and triumph of the Church of Christ were unfolded here for those whose eyes were anointed to discern these things, and who had ears to hear what the Spirit saith unto the churches, the Bishop made the following personal allusion to his office -"My people, there is an application which might have been made of this vision this morning by other lips than mine, which I forbear to indicate. I cannot trust myself to dwell upon the personal reference it might obviously be made to bear to one who summoned in the mysterious, but (as he is ventures firmly to believe) the unmiStakable, providence of God from the dear far off father-land to the chief pastorate of the Church of England communion in this new diocese, solemnly aBaumes this day, before high God and in His holy church, and with your loving and loyal concurrence, his place and function in the midst of you as your brother and your servant in Christ Jesus He has been called and charged and sent hither by lawful authority in the church of Christ, not to have dominion over your faith, but to seek to be a helper of your joy , not to sustain the dignities of a lofty office, but rather to be amongst you as one, that faithfully served, in administering and ordering the discipline and a work of the church in this important diocese, as shall most conduce to the spread of truth, the saving of souls, the glory of God, the hastening of the Redeemer's kingdom ' God be merciful to me, sinner,' and grant even to me to wear, and keep sustained the blood washed rai mont, white and clean, to walk in His ways and keep His charge, and judge His house,' in that spirit of power and love, and of a sound mind which cometh of Him alone, aye, and of His great love grant over to me, and to each one of you, my brothers and sisters in the Lord, a good, well grounded hope of some humble place by and bye, up yonder in His nearer presence, among those that stand by in the church in Ballarat that the dark and chilly or more of the colony might be illumined by the holy light of God's Word If the labourers only had firm faith in the promise of heavenly help, their work would be crowned with much success " The bishop proceeded to urge that the visible church, God's witness in a sinful world, should be all that was pure, sincere, and precious If there was one thing the Lord stipulated for in His church more than another, it was really. For ever away with all shams in His house and work I Oh ! for reality in religion and in the churches, Let the world have its comely protoncoB, its conventional figments, its whited sepulchres he the Church's standard for above and beyond all those up, high up, should Bho move, and breathe in a pure clear atmosphere, where the adulterations and deceptions of the forum and the market are for ever unknown There were those who would make light of the condition of the church in its outward organisation He did not find the expression ' visible" or "invisible" church in the Bible, but that church must unquestionably be a visible organisation, to which we were to tell an obstinate brother's fault : the church that was to have orders ordained for it, the church whose unity was to convince the world ; the church that could be gathered together, and could have an epistle addressed to it And the condition of such visible organisation of professed believers <V-Qt_st be matter of solemn importance, it must be right to pray for it to watch its state, to sympathise with its purification. In conclusion, the bishop said he panted for the revival and rekindling of the flames. After the service, the bishop returned to the north side of the communion- table. A collection was then made for the diocesan fund, and realised £33 ills. The bishop, assisted by the vicar general, Archdeacon Stretch, and the Rev. J. Potter, administered the sacrament of the Holy Communion to upwards of 100 communicants, and the service then ended. THE PUBMCTMEETING. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) A public meeting was held in the evening, in the Academy of Music, to afford a suitable opportunity for the presentation to Bishop Thornton of addresses of welcome and con- gratulation from the clergy and laity of the new diocese. There were upwards of 1,000 people present. The platform was crowded with the clergy and influential members of the laity; His Excellency the Acting- Governor was also present. The Venerable Archdeacon Stretch presided. The meeting was opened by prayer. The CHAIRMAN expressed the pleasure he felt at seeing His Excellency present, not in his official capacity as Administrator of the Government, but as an earnest member of the Church of England, who had constantly for years felt the need of the division of the unwieldy diocese of Melbourne, and had himself taken a lively interest in the work of founding the new see. (Applause.) The object of the present meeting was to afford the clergy and laity an opportunity of offering a sincere and hearty welcome to the bishop, who in the providence of God had reached them in health and safety. (Loud applause.) It gave him great pleasure to state that the bishopric of Ballarat was essentially a people's bishopric. It was founded by the contributions not merely of two or three wealthy individuals, but of the church members as a body. Contributions of £300 had been received from three individuals, but sums ranging down to one pound notes had been given by struggling farmers, miners, and mechanics, who felt the want of a bishop in the district, and determined it should be met. The Bishop of Melbourne had said that if a number of men could not be found willing to contribute large sums towards the endow- ment fund the scheme for a new diocese could not be accomplished. He (the chairman had told him that if the promoters could not get large sums they would get small, and they had done it, and now had the pleasure of greeting their bishop. He would find he had come among a people who would willingly co- operate with him in every good work. He felt sure that the presence of a bishop would be a source of strength to the whole diocese, for a strong and efficient opiacopala was essential to the well-being of the Church of England. The archdeacon then presented the following address from the clergy of the diocese : "To the Right Rev. Samuel Thornton, D.D., Bishop of Ballarat, "We, the archdeacon and clergy of your diocese of Ballarat, desire on your arrival amongst us, an occasion of such moment to ourselves and to the whole church, to address you with the most sincere feelings of respect for your sacred office and of Christian regard for yourself, whom we hope to know and love personally as a true father in God. We do most heartily congratulate you upon the safe arrival of yourself and your family in Victoria, and would unite with you in thanksgiving to Him who has watched over and preserved you during the voyage. " Conscious as we are of the importance of the increase of the episcopate to the well being of our church, and knowing that much of her weakness and shortcoming is attribut- able to the want of more frequent personal supervision by the bishop, we contemplate with unmixed satisfaction the completed division of the diocese of Melbourne, and the installation of the first bishop of Ballarat. We venture to believe that the office and work of a bishop, as borne and carried out by you, will prove, as it ever should do, a source of strength and encouragement to the clergy, and a centre of unity not only to ourselves but also to our lay brethren. " We are assured that in resolving to cast in your lot with us in this distant land you have not contemplated a life of ease, but have expected difficulties, and are now looking forward to arduous labour, in the on. deavour to increase the efficiency of our church, to stimulate the zeal of its members, and to make it more worthily fulfil its mission. " In conclusion, we would give expression to our sincere desire to work under you as a united brotherhood of Christ's ministering servants, trusting ever to keep in view the great objects of our sacred calling, which are the glory of the Divine Redeemer, the spiritual welfare of our people, and the advancement of our beloved church, as a power for good in the land. " That you may long be spared to preside over a peaceful and prosperous church is the earnest prayer of " Your faithful servants in Christ." Here follow the signatures of 35 clergymen, resident in the new diocese. The address was handsomely illuminated in the Arabesque style by Mr. F. W. Niven. The BISHOP said he thanked them with all his heart for their brotherly address of con- gratulation and welcome, and for their most kind and Christian expressions of regard and confidence towards one who, as hitherto an entire stranger, could have so few personal claims upon them. He would, he trusted, have many opportunities of intercourse with them in that happiest of all associations co-operation in the service of our blessed Master; but he wished to say that they were not entirely strangers to him, for he had had frequent intercourse immediately prior to leaving England with him who was until lately their diocesan. He meant the bishop of Melbourne, whose name he could not mention without some allusion to the profound regard and respect with which that intercourse had inspired him. It gave him opportunities of learning something of the difficulties and wants of the work of the clergy, and of the spirit in which that work was done. He was not exceeding the truth when he said that the bishop of Melbourne considered that his clergy were inferior to the clergy of no church of England diocese in any quarter of the world (Applause.) While setting fully before him, as he frequently did, the great difficulties which he would have to encounter in connexion with his new post, the bishop had also held out to him, as an encouragement, that he might confidently expect a cordial reception at the hands of a body of clergy respected by all classes of church people loyal and helpful to their bishop, and devoted, without a prospect of worldly wealth or cause, to the work of their high calling as am basin doors from Christ and stewards of the mysteries of God. He did not apprehend any disappointment of the hopes raised in him by what the bishop spoke in regard to the clergy, but the too kindly and generous language of the address led him to fear that the disappointment might not unlikely be upon the other side. (Cries of "No.") He would not sow the seeds of it by indulging in large promises this evening as to what he hoped to be or to do among them, He had generally found that thoughtful men beloved in men's promises in the inverse proportion of the number that they made. (Laughter.) He would simply close his remarks by expressing his earnest hope that none of his brethren would over have any good cause for regretting the part they had taken in this matter, or have any desire to recall any of the cordial expressions of good- will and sympathy which they had embodied in their beautiful address, which he accepted with feelings of the liveliest pleasure and the most cordial gratitude. (Applause.) Mr. W. H. Gaunt, P.M., next presented the address of the laity. The BISHOP replied that he accepted with cordial satisfaction the very unexpected address just presented. The passage in which the presenters congratulated themselves on his arrival must be taken in connexion with the recollection that they had got a good deal to take upon trust. There was a good deal that he felt himself unfitted for, and could only hope that that department of work was not the most essential to the episcopal office. If, in selecting a bishop for Ballarat, it was desired to find one who could carry off with special self-importance the dignities of his high office, he was afraid the selection had been a mistake. The laity would have plenty of time to find out what their bishop was, but he would frankly tell them one thing at the outset. He was not by education SO much as from profound and independent conviction a loyal and staunch member of the Scriptural Church of England. He trusted that he was not making a false estimate of his character and sentiments when he said that he abhorred nothing so intensely as the spirit of the enere partisan. It gave him special pleasure that the providence of God had assigned to him as the region where his high [functions were to be discharged a colony where the work of the church was carried out upon the plan of a thorough and organic association of the laity with the clergy in carrying on the work of Christ's Church. He had long desired to see in the dear old fatherland provision made whereby the laity of the Church of England should take their due and proper place. He need not dwell upon what had been done in the diocese of Melbourne during the past 27 years that that principle had been adopted. He had feared that his new position might separate him from personal contact with and knowledge of individual members of the church itself He had feared lest that pastoral relation might be destroyed which had given him during the past 15 years such joy such comfort, and delight But he rejoiced to find on a closer inspection of the probable duties of a bishop that such would not be likely to be the case and that from time to time it would be his privilege, not in one parish, but in many to be brought face to face, and heart to heart with the lay members of the church his brothers and sisters in Christ (Applause ) He was pledged by the most sacred undertaking that a man could adventure, and all his powers, all his energies and all his thoughts BUonld be placed at the Lord s disposal in connexion with the work of the church He was sure he would not claim in vain, from both laity and clergy that loving and generous forbearance with deficiencies and unintentional failures which Englishmen were always willing to extend to those whose faults were of the head and not of the heart (Applause.) Mr. W. Turton next presented an address from the superintendents and teachers of the Sunday schools of Ballarat and the neighbourhood The BISHOP said he gladly and lovingly recognised the relation which the Sunday school teachers described as existing between themselves and the bishop of the diocese in which they laboured He could not use too strong language to describe the estimate which experience as a pastor had led him to form of the value of Sunday schools and especially of the work of Sunday school teachers, for the Sunday schools were what the teachers were Any experience any knowledge any counsel which he could command for the furtherance of that important work amongst the young would be unhesitatingly placed at their disposal In alluding to the part that Sunday schools played in preparing the young for confirmation, the teach ers touched upon one of the most vitally practical questions associated with church work. He did not hesitate to endorse the strong language which was employed in reference to the influences of Sunday schools upon scholars in regard to their preparation for the holy rita The difficulty in England was to keep scholars at school until they arrived at an age when they could be confirmed He encouraged teachers to persevere in their work confident that they would meet a good reward His EXCELLENCY on rising to speak, was greeted with prolonged applause He said that the mere accomplishment of any object undertaken was in itself a great satisfaction but the accomplishment of such a one as had now been completed in Ballarat was no ordinary one It afforded him special satisfaction, as he had been associated with the Bishop of Melbourne in selecting a bishop for the new diocese He had no difficulty in making up his mind as to what he desired in a bishop but it did not follow that he could thereby succeed in pleasing others A man could select a wife for himself, but not for anybody else (Laughter) He was glad to see the progress the bishop had already made in obtaining the goodwill of __j people, and he trusted that it was merely an indication of what would continue as long as he was associated with them (Cheers ). It would have caused him extreme pain if the bishop had met with any other reception than he did It was unwise in selecting a bishop to set up some imaginary standard, and judge a man by that What he wanted was at the very outset a man of earnest purpose-a man who, having once taken the decisive step, would never regret his determination to give up home ties, but would cast in his lot with those he had to labour amongst never to leave them so long as health and life were spared to him He also wished for a man steadfast and firm and strong in his own convictions, hut with consideration and tenderness for the convictions and doubts and difficulties of others Such a man, imbued with the spirit of a missionary for he really must possess that spirit to come out here as a bishop would do great good There was no such attraction as was perhaps imagined for any person who had the grand work which Dr Thornton had in his own parish in England to come out as a bishop Of course there were other qualities which were desirable in a bishop in addition to those which he thought were essential refinement of taste gentleness of manner powers of speech and various other qualifications were to be desired How far the present bishop combined all those qualities he would not ask them now to say but he would be glad of their candid opinion at some future day He thought that a suitable welcome had been given but he did not suppose the people of Ballarat would stop short at that-that their welcome was a mere exhibition of feeling which would go off in effervescence The best way to evince sympathy with the bishop was to co-operate with him in the work. All Englishmen loved the old English Constitution and the constitution of the Church of England very much resembled it. The church had its own representatives its own electors its own parliament, its dignitaries members council of advisers, and governor (Laughter ) What more did a churchman want ' Other bodies had different constitutions but he liked his own the boat and did not think it could be praised too highly Each individual member should feel a deep sense of responsibility in connexion with the church In politics every man seemed to think the constitution rested upon his shoulders and it was a great ad\ vantage that such an idea existed That feeling ought to exist amongst church- men. It was useless to expect the church would be better than its members made it. He believed the laity would interest themselves, and that if the bishop relied on them he would not be mistaken In conclusion he congratulated the meeting upon the favourable auspices under which the new diocese commenced its career, cou treating the position with that of Melbourne some 27 years ago The Very Rev the Vic vn GENER U of MELBOURNE expressed the unqualified pleasure he felt at the consummation of the long efforts that had been made to find the new bishop He alluded to his long con ceston with Ballarat and in a few touching words bade its residents farewell. At the request of the Chairman The Bishop again addressed the meeting no remarked that it was evident that indolence shirking and laziness would not do in Ballarat He rather came to learn than to speak He knew he had a great deal to learn before he delivered any lecture on Australia (Laughter he hoped when he delivered his next reporters would be present who would be capable of understanding a joke (Renewed laughter ) Until within a few months since he had been for years labour ing among the masses as a parish clergyman simply beginning by first preaching in the street He had been withdrawn from the luxurious case of an Oxford common room, and plunged among real work for God and that had taught him the reality of our blessed religion the power of faith and the peculiar adaptation of the work of God to every class of sinful humanity He did indeed believe in the religion he preached The Rev J Potter and the Rev. Dr. Beamish also addressed the meeting The Hon H CuTlintiiT M LC, proposed a vote of thanks to the chairman He said that when the Ballarat people heard that the new bishop did not hesitate to go into the streets to preach the gospel they felt they had the right man in the right place (Loud cheers) _ lic meeting concluded with the National Anthem _ THE BI Fulwood Dispatch relates the following \- We are not aware whether it is generally known that a man will give battle to a bull and looking at the enormous difference in the size of the two, we would hardly have credited it had we not witnessed an encounter which took place between a ram and a pedigree bull of immense proportions the property of Mr Robert Geelan The ram with a flock of sheep, was feeding in the paddock with the bull, and the latter going rather closer to the sheep than his ramship seemed to appreciate, he went up to the bull, and after a quiet inspection walked back wards for about half a dozen yards and then made a desperate charge at his gigantic antagonist, which he repeated some three or four times The sound of their horns striking together could be heard for a long distance, and they must have come against one another with considerable force, as at each charge the ram was knocked back some two or three yards However, the bull after the fourth round' had quite enough of it, and turned tail and scampered off round the paddock, with the little conquering hero full tear after him, the bell that was hanging round his neck by its furious incessant clatter having apparently as much effect in scaring the 'lord of the pastures' as the unexpected pluck of his diminutive assailant" 