[?] MISS ANGEL. By Miss Thackbbat. TPutlislied try special arrangement with the Author.] Chapter ILt.— Gondolas. The boat rocked backwards and for wards to the gondolier's circling oar, the shadows danced a delicious contredanse. Splash gentle oar, rise domes and spires upon the vault, sing voices calling along the water, stream golden suns reflected there ! The gondola flies down a noisy side street towards an open place where the canals diverge ; the shadows part, and fire is streaming from the tumultuous ripples. Aheu 2 cry the gondoliers ; for a moment all is swinging confusion ; then the flashing boats and the heavy-laden barges make way before Bis Excellency's gondola, and it glides on once more. Her Excellency the English Ambassa dress leans back among her cushions, looking out languidly; the lights flash from the upper windows of the tall palaces, balconies start over head marked upon the sky. Now it is a palace to let, with wooden shutters swinging in shadow; now they pass the yawning vaults of great warehouses piled with saffron and crim son dyes, where barges are moored and workmen straining at the rolling barrels. The Ambassadress looks up ; they are passing the great brown wall of some garden terrace ; a garland has crept over the brick, and droops almost to the water ; one little spray encircles a rusty ring hang ing there with its shadow. A figure comes and looks over the wall — a man with a handsome dark cut face, plain un powdered hair, a mourning dress. He bows low from Ms terrace walk, looking with a grave unmoved face The Ambassadress smiles and kisses her pretty loosely-gloved fingers. ' This is a new friend of my Lord's,'' she says, smiling to her companion, who looks up in turn at the head against the sky. Angelica wonders where the has seen that dark head before ; then she remem bers that it was in the gallery scarce an hour ago. She is a little shy, but quite composed aa she leans lightly back in her place by ;the great lady'; her stuff dress looks somewhat out of keeping with the splendid equipage, where the carpets are Persian and the cushions are covered with silver damask, and. the very awnings are of soft flame-colored silk. They have been put up by the Ambassadress's orders; in place of the black hood which oppressed her, for she loves Jtght and air and liberty! Now they touch the palace walls, and with a hollow jar start off once more. Now comes a snatch of song through an old archway ; here are boats and voices, the gondolier's earrings twinkle in the sun, here are vine wreaths, and steps where children, those untiring spectators of life, are clustering ; more barges with heavy fruit and golden treasure go by. A little brown-faced boy, is lying with his brown legs in the suit on the very edge of a barge, dreaming over into the green water ; he lazily raises his head to look, and 'fails back again. How a Black boat passes like a ghost, its slender points start upwards in a line with the curve of yonder spice. Now it is, out of all this swing of shadow and confusion, they cross a broad sweet breadth of sunlight, and come into the Grand OanaL A handsome young couple are gliding by, and look up in admiration of the beautiful lady. Beautiful in glistening grey aad falling lace, with feathery soft lines of ornament, with a diamond aigrette shining in her powdered hair — dignified, conscious. No wonder the young couple are daazled, that the dark-faced man looks out from the terrace wall, that the girl sitting by the lady's side is bewitched by all that grace, beauty, and kindness. It comes as a revelation to her, and. seems to illu minate all the beauty of this new world in which she finds herself for the first time, awakened to life somehow by some inner call, by some loving revelation of the eyes and the imagination. The Ambassadress made Angelicaanswer a hundred questions about her life and her work as they went along. She was perfectly charming in her manner, full of interest and kindness, but her questions: were almost more than Angelica- cared to : answer. She told herself that with one ; so kind, so beautiful, she, heed have no reserve, and yet people found it difficult at times to be quite natural and unre served with this great lady. By degrees, as the conversation went on, she hadfelt some curious, anxious, rest- ?? less influence upon her nerves. She could hardly define it, nor why she was at once; .more and more charmed and, agitated ;. but she was not the first who had ex perienced this curious impression. ' Was: that her father, and was that young man a relation ?' ' Had she. a mother ?' the: great lady had aBked. . ' I have a dead mother,' said Angelica, with a very sweet expression ; 'her name was Oieope Lucien. We used to live at Coire, by the side of the stream ; her bedroom window hung over .'the water, and she used to hold- my* hand -and let me lean out as far -as possible. We were very poor, though, and my father could not get on ; he found work at Morbegno, and we all went away. . I cried when I left my home and the terrace-garden, and my mother wiped my tears with her apron, and kissed my hands. She used to teach me, and keep me with her always. I never left her till she left me — that was nearly fire years ago,' said Angelica very softly. ' She was very beautiful ; I have never seen anyone like her. To-day, when you spoke to me, I was thinking that Titian's Madonna had something of her.' ' Who is your dark friend V' said Lady W., who kad lost the thread for a mo ment. ' Are you engaged to be mar ried?' Angelica Bhook her head. ' I am married to my brush,' she said gaily; 'I want no other husband. Before I came here I sometimes thought there might be other things in life ; but when I saw these glorious works, which seem to me to surpass even the Caraccis in mag nificent compositions, I feel that it is as much as my poor soul can grasp/' She pushed back her thick curls as she spoke, and looked up — an eager young Jili'J^^ii jLr ?./! jv — r-pr -spiHiJonging to take flight— over-trained^ Over-stimulated by praise— by a sense of enthusiastic responsibility, perhaps^ but full of hope', of courage, of trust in the future. : j In some mysterious way she imagined at times that Raphael and Titian, and het beloved Oaracci and Caravaggio, were all waiting in some painter's Paradise anxiously expecting to see her start in their pursuit. When she talked of her krfc, some sort of light would come into her face. Such enthusiasm is often something in itself — an inspiration not to be despised ; but it does not create the gifts that should belong to it by rights. When Angelica talked of art, she was a little conscious, perhaps ; - but it was a sweet, artless consciousness, and from her very heart she loved her work. 'It was like a new soul in my soul,' Bhe said with her sweet voice, ' when I came here first and learned to know them all. Before, that, I sometimes imagined \- . . .'' Angelica laughed. ' Girls have their fancies,' she said. [ ' And have you no fancies 1 ' said her ipatroness, very seriously. ? 'Mine is a cold heart, I fear, said the girl; 'I hare to earn money for bur home, and to take care of my father in my ?mother's place. My interests are too great to leave place in my heart for love.' ;' But could you imagine love without interest?' said the Ambassadress, very quickly. 'Surely, interest is the verysoul of love.' ' Then my love is for Titian, for the ;great Veronee, for Tintoret,' cried An Igelica, flushing and excited. ' These are 'the altars at which I now worship,' she said, pointing to the Doge's Palace they were now approaching. ' 'And so these pictures cured you of all other love?' said the Ambassadress, looking at Angelica curiously, with her great lady expression ; as she spoke, they were sliding by the Leoni of St. Marc, i and the Ambassadress suddenly called to her gondolier to stop. Then- with a charming sudden change of manner, she said, 'Now you must be my leader, and I will be your pupil ; take me to see your pictures.' Angelica was not surprised. It seemed to her a Very natural impulse. She did not know that a whole household was waiting while they deliberately walked from room to room in noble company. Geds and heroes, allegories in white satin, Venice ruling the world; all the pomp, all the splendor of life, is there ; and then they come to a vast room full of present, past, and future. A cicerone is explaining a fresco on the wall. ' This picture represents the entire human race and the kingdom of heaven,' he says ; ?' Tintoret painted it when he was seventy-five years 6i- ? ' 'Don't listen to him,' said Angelica, 'and you will not care for this. Come with me.' And the two figures pass on. At first this paradise of Tintoret is so strange that no wonder the lovely world outside the beautiful courtyard, the flying birds, and drifting ¥enetians,*4he great golden September, seem more heavenly to those who are basking, in its sweetness. But there are, those who by degrees, with pain and some self- denial, climb in spirit to the strange crowded place towards which old Tintoret's mighty soul was bent. . He has painted surprise and rapture in the face of a soul which is just coming out into this great vortex. It is circling in sudden pools and gleams of peace. Mary Mother above, turning to her Sen, with outstretched arms, and pointing to them all with tender mother hood. In the great eventful turmoil a man sits absorbed in a book, reading un moved. Angels, with noble wings, take stately flights, cross and recross the darkened canvas. A far-away procession passes in radiance. . . Tintoretto's power is that of a Goethe or a-Shakspease ; he paints what he sees —what is now and ever shall be while this world exists. WouM you have other revelations of this mighty mind, let us follow Angelica and her pupil into aside room, where by a window that looks into a court hangs a picture that may well charm them by its tender dawn-like grace. Ariadne holds out her languid hand. Bacchus rises from the sea. Hah9 a floating dream, half a vision : almost here, almost there upon the wall. The picture seemed to float into their very hearts. Peace saw the horizon, while the wonderful tale of love was told anew. Bacchus beseeching Ariadne — tender, passionless, pitiful. Pity was there, somehow painted upon the harmony and the silence. They neither of them moved nor spoke. The elder lady stood absorbed, and her thoughts travelled away, far, far from the pictures, while Angelica, with her constraining blue eyes, looked at her for sympathy and for kindred experiences. ' This must be love— the very spirit of true feeling and sentiment,' cried the girl. 'Do you think so V said Lady W. 'I do not think she loves him much ; she ia still thinking of Theseus.' ' But sentiment is, whether people feel it or not,' said Angelica. As she spoke, a great clock began to strike, and some birds whirred past the window, casting their shadows across the picture. ' My dear child/' said the Ambassa dressj suddenly becoming a grand lady again: 'we must not waste anv mom time upon sentiment. Come, let us go back to the gondola.' As they went downstairs, they met Antonio, with his color-box under his arm ; he would have passed them without a word, but Angelica smiled and kissed her hand. When they reached the gon dola, the Ambassadress sank down with a sigh. 'There is that gentleman again,' said Angelica looking back. The mysterious stranger was just stepping into his gon dola from the steps of the Piazza. Had he been in the palace ; Bhe had not seen him there. Chap. Fv'. — Palaces. The gondola stopped at a closed gate that led from marble steps into a terraced garden full of the sweet fragrance of autumn, and Angelica followed her pro tectress across the straight path that led to the entrance of the palace. A fountain was at play in the shadow of the trellis ; two little girls were dancing round and round it. The beautiful lady stopped for an inJ3iaht and called them to her, and i the little creatures dropped low curtseys, and then fan away immediately. The entrance hail was a great marble- shaded place, leading info the sittingirooma that all opened from one to another. They were very handsomely furnished-; pic tures stood upon easels ; cabinets and tapestried curtains had been disposed to the best advantage ; a flame-colored room with ebony furniture led to a sea-green sort of cave. Then came a great white room, where a beautiful Vandyke was hanging in the place of honor. It was the picture of a little boy, ali dressed in white satin, with a childish face and dark brown languid eyes. The picture was so artless and noble, the harmony so de lightful, that Angel stopped short with an exclamation of delight. The Ambassadress smiled. 'That is my lord's father,' she said, and then she opened the door of the last room in the suite. It was. the prettiest of all, per haps, and furnished with grey hangings, with. French chairs and cabinets full of china. Great pots of crimson pome granate flowers stood, in the window, in one of which a lady was sitting, sunk on a low step, with a little girl on her knee. The child's aim was round the lady's neck — their two heads were very close together. . ' ; ??'-- ?_ They -oth looked iip startled. The little girl Bprang away, antfthe lady half rose to meet the Ambassadress. 'Here is a new. friend, Diana,' said Lady W., as she came in, leading An gelica by the hand ; then coldly to the child, 'Judith, you have been troubling your aunt. Why are you not in the garden with your sisters ?' 'The little girl looked up with a face curiously like the Vandyke, and the brown eyes that he had painted. She prepared to pass her mother with a slid ing curtsey, and another to Angelica. The latter took her hand. 'Tour mother is kind enough to say I may try and paint your picture, my dear,' she said. ' I hope you will not mind sitting to me.' The little girl blushed up, looked at the pale lady in the window, and sud denly pulled her hand away, and with another curtsey left the room. . ' What a beautiful little girl/' said Angelica. ' c How I shall enjoy coming to paint her.' ' You must paint her and make friends with' her,' said Lady W.; 'One may make acquaintances in one's own class of life, but for friends it is ?? only those who are leading real, true existences who can be true friends to one's children. I ahould wish to bring up my children to lead lives such as yours, and that is why I do not wish Judith to spend her play time idly, Diana. It is far better for her to join her sisters' games, and to have a definite object in view,, than to idle away the hours.' 'I called her in,' said Lady Diana, curtly. ' I had .not seen her for two days, and, as you were out, I imagined she would not be wanted.' ; Lady W; ' opened her big eyes, and. looked away for an instant. Angelica wondered what it was all about. Lady Diana set her pale lips, and went on with her book. ??-;?? 'Just at this moment the Ambassador came in. 'The dinner is getting cold, my lady,' he said. Half-an-hour late.' He seemed younger than his wife. He was a short, good-humored; little man, with a good many carious nervous tricks.. He used to start suddenly from his chair, and put something straight at the other end of the room, and come back again and ask some odd, unconnected question. He was very particular about time, too, and seemed to spend a great deal in ascertaining exactly how it passed. De tails seemed to him the most important facts of life. There was nothing in the least mysterious or vibrating in this member of the establishment, hut the two ladies and the solemn little girl were' certainly unlike anyone Angelica had ever lived with before. ; ' Order the dinner to be served,' said the lady ; ' I shall not detain you any longer.' Then she took Angelica up into her own room to take off her things. Angel composedly laid her black scarf down upon point and satin, and opened her blue eyes into a tortoisesheil mirror, smoothed her brown hair with a golden comb, and looked about amused and in terested by all she saw, . : The girl was timid enough, where people's feelings were concerned, but she was of an artistic nature, and she found that palaces and splendor came naturally enough to her. She enjoyed it all, and felt Jit her right to be there! More experienced women suddenly thrown into such high company might have found themselves less in place than my brighjt and gentle-mannered heroine. So she looked about and wondered at the ease with which some lives moved ; every care of body, pleasure of mind, all well ar ranged. Swift gondoliers waiting their orders at the garden gate ; servants ixi attendance ; the fountains playing to cool the air. But she had little time to moralise ; a voice from below began call ing, 'Judith! Judith!' It was the hungry Ambassador waiting to conduct his wife to dinner. 