(Dlympia: A ROMANCE. PART L—CLOTHO. BOOK L CHAPTER III. BY R. E. FRANCILLON. AUTHOR OF "EARL'S DENE," "PEARLAND EMERALD," "ZELDA'S FORTUNE," *TO. Though thou may'at make the thrush forget His woodland joys, O Sage. Bcmember, souls were never yet Imprison'd in a cagc. Calm on his perch your bird may sit, And take your wires for stars. But songR, O wise of little wit! Will Cutter through the bars. There was but little communication between George at Oxford and John at Clifton. On this occasion, the Captain did not write to his brother, but made the extraordinary exertion of going to Oxford. When he came back he told his wife that the matter was all arranged, and that the burden of supporting Charley's orphan was to be equitably shared. It was therefore not a little curions that he became almost miserly in his small pleasures. He forswore billiards, reduced his tobacoo to a strict allowance of one after- breakfast cigar a day, and bewildered his tailor by making his clothes last as long as they could, and even longer. For a lounger who had never denied himself *a single indulgence since he was born, this change of life, had it been shown in appreciable ways, must have aroused Mrs. Westwood'e curiosity—as things were, however, his billiards and his tobacco had always been hidden from her, and she was not one to quarrel with the redaction of expenditure in any case. He had always been content to play second fiddle in the marriage- duet; but now, even had he been in love with his wife over head and ears, he could not have been more timidly, even abjectly, obsequious to her. Ever since the arrival of Olympia the one active object of his existence seemed to be to keep her to the utmost stretch of her good humour. There was once a lazy man who always made a point of engaging for his valet and cook—the two domestics upon whom his daily comfort depended—servants who had been dismissed from their last place for cheating their master. He knew that to be cheated means to be otherwise well served. Whether the same rule holds good of a husband may or may not be the case ; but at last Mrs. Westwood was compelled to think that such obsequious servility on the part of the Captain must have something at the bottom of it, and did not hold that such outward observance at home was well purchased by possible licence abroad. She could not but remember, sometimes, that she was older than he, and was not too vain to disbelieve her looking-£flasa when it told her that she looked every hour of her age. So, after a time, she began to grow extra watchful, and was rewarded by making one or two barren discoveries. Captain Westwood's shabbiest clothes never smtlt of tobacco. He 6tayed at home frequently in the forenoon. He made longer and more frequent fishing excursions. He was frequently silent, gloomy, and out of spirits. He thought a great deal about spending pennies. Though he spent next to nothing out of his two hundred a year, he never had any money left to spend after the end of May, until the following quarter-day. Be rose much earlier in the morning, and opened his letters nervously. He was often restless at night. He always emptied the decanter at dinner time. Whence she naturally deduced that There was somebody who had a greater objection to tobacco than Bhe. That solitary fishing excursions are often very convenient things. That she herself was not in his confidence. That all this was in some way or other connected with his annual emptiness of pocket. But though she put this and that together four- and-twenty times a year, nothing came. At last, after much pondering, a bright thought struck her. "John," she said one morning at breakfast time—it was a day after the end of May, when she had managed to discover that his pocket- money was reduced to about five pounds—" I've got a proposal to make. The children are growing up now, and I don't know what views you have for baby when he gets a man ; but he ought to take a position, and there'a nothing like land—I've heard you say that .many a time. What do you think if we took some nice place in the country, where we might be a real county family, like we onght to be, I'm sure, with our connections, and we could do it just as well as going on like we are ? Then there it would be all for him if anything happened to you. We'd go a long way off of coarse, and be the Westw opds of Somewhere—I'm sure it's getting quite low here, and bad for the children; I don't like them to grow up mixing with people one doesn't know who they are. And as you're so fond of fishing you could have a place of your own, where you wouldn't have to go so far." To her surprise a cloud fell from his face, and he took her at her word. "My dear Carry—the very thing. What a head you have, to be sure! You're quite right—we'll go a good way off as you say. I'll begin to look out this very day, and get off and settled before—before this time next year." It was clear, then, that he had no ties to keep him to Clifton. But she could not well recede from her own proposal, which now took another form than a mere attempt to find out how the land lay. It was really a good method of rubbing oat the stains of trade left by the Dry Salter and her husband's early connection with Corbet and French. Captain and Mrs. Westwood, ot some plaoe where these antecedents might be kept concealed, would be really aristocratic : " Gerald Westwood, of Somewhere, Esquire, eldest son of Captain Westwood," would, in due course of time, be more aristocratic still. For once the Captain displayed energy. He left off fishing aad never rested till he had become the purchaser—with his wife's money —of a house and grounds known as "The Laurels" at Gressford St. Mary. It was not a large place, but it was just adapted to their means, and there were no great families near —except the Earl of Wendale, who was too great to be a rival—to interfere with the local autocracy to which Mrs. Westwood aspired. And here, at Gressford as at Clifton, the dangers and excitements of her earliest years grew into a half- forgotten dream, that visited the eyes of Olympia far more vividly by night than by day. Like many very young children who live intensely while the sun is awake, she, when sound asleep, was an intense dreamer of dreams. She was of an age when the excitement of seeing a man murdered is no greater in kind or degree than that of seeing a doll broken—so that the new world of the West* wood nursery was quite full enough of hourly excitement to fill her daily life. Still it was inevitable that memory skould assert itB rights by visiting her, ghost-fashion, from the moon and stars. So vividly did she dream that she never thought of regarding hers as an exceptional case, but took for granted that her nightly experiences were common to other children also. She used to puzzle the three Miss Penders by talking to them of dreams as though they were realities, and as though, in discussing them, all four stood on common ground. She assumed that no less real to them than to herself must be that vision of plains which, like a smooth green sea, met the cloudless sapphire at the circle of an unbroken horizon—plains Whereon scampered, before her closed eyes, droves of wild horses and herds of antelopes mingled with the other dramatis persons of her sleep—chattering crowds of monkeys, gorgeous birds, Arctic bears, flying fish, and immeasurable cobras that circled round and round in countless oonvoltions until, like twisted water-spouts, they formed a spiral staircase between the green desert of the earth and the blue wilderness of the sky. Up or down this staircase the feet of her BOUI often sped when pursued by the corpse of some lynched or murdered ruffian, or else by that unimaginable thing that is permitted in dreams to terrify the souls of children and men. But, for the most part, her dreams were not of the terrible order. On the contrary, she far more frequently woke herself with laughing than with crying. She was a restless sleeper, and apt to talk in her dream3. Her language by day was at first her own peculiar dialect of Irish-English ; afterwards it rapidly toned down to the accent of Aunt Caroline and the Miss Penders, in which the note of provinciality was scarcely to be found. But her dream-language was untranslatable, even by herself. To Julia and Marian, who slept in the same room, she seemed to be chattering mere gibberish. Sometimes one of them would catch a word, and repeat it next day to tease her; and it was as strange, after a while, to herself as to them. "What does Gavcho mean?" asked Julia. " How would I know ?" "You said it yourself last night. You fnust be silly to talk things like you do." I suppose I was dreamin'." " You're always dreaming. I don't dream, and I wouldn't, if it's to be silly, like you. Ma says you're not a bit like me nor the others, and not pretty, like I am." " And I don't want to be pretty, if bein' pretty'B bein' like you—and you may say so to Aunt Carh'line." "1 will, if you say a word. Ah, and nurse says you're a little Irish girl, like what eat buttermilk and raw potatoes. I wouldn't eat buttermilk nor raw potatoes." " I don't ate buttermilk nor raw potatoes." "You do." And so on, till Olympia, whose patience was weak, while her hands were strong, gained a temporary victory by sending Julia to Aunt Caroline with a very red ear indeed. But she had received a sting that hurt far more than a box on the ear. She did not care a straw for the immediate discomfort; of being condemned, on the spot, to learn by heart three collects from the Liturgy— a task which, on her peremptorily refusing to beg Miss Julia's pardon, was increased to four. Learning anything by heart, however hard in itself the task might be, waB to her almost as easy as reading, which came to her apparently by the light of nature. The real sting was Julia's taunt that she was not as other children are. Now a full-grown man or woman is for the most part proud of being thought different from tne rest of the world, and makes all the capital he or she can out of innate or affected peculiarities. Rather than be quite like their fellows, men will make a point of burning down a temple, or of never changing their minds, or of going out in all weathers without an umbrella, or of never eating supper, or of always fainting in a thunderstorm. But among children, whose most passionate desire is to be in sympathy with all things and all people about them, even to feel themselves better than their companions is often a source of misery and shame. Olympia felt instinctively that Julia's taunt contained better truth than grammar. And in what way was she different ? Was it her being a something wholly unintelligible, called " a little Irish girl," that put her out of the pale ? Even so, was she not fed with the same beef and mutton, hurt by the same tumbles, subject to the same measles and whooping cough, doctored with the same rhubarb, fond of the same games, and all the rest of it, as a little English girl ? So argued Shylock, and so argued she. No— she felt no craving for buttermilk—she did not even know the word. The charge of eating her potatoes raw was a still grosser calumny. Nor was she in the least degree like the beggar children whom she had seen brought into Gressford by the Irish haymakers in summer-time—no more like them than Julia and Marian were. Was it that her eyes and hair were brown, and her complexion dark, while her cousins were as fair as unspun flax mingled with milk and roses ? Perhaps it was this that prevented her being pretty, and that made them call her a little Irish girl. Perhaps the word was made for the fair, and the hues of night were a stigma of shame. Her uncle was fair, her aunt was fair, her cousins were fair; doubtless it was this that made her an alien. Before.long she could not help noticing that, although her cousins were just as truthful or untruthful as children usually are, while she was, under all circumstances, as bold and outspoken as the day, never telling a lie but in order to conceal the misdeeds of another, it was they who, in all criminal matters, were believed, and she who waB disbelieved; that their wants were always attended to before hers; that in their case indulgence was the rule, in bers the exception ; that they were petted, Bhe tolerated; that she often bore their punishments while they not unfrequently enjoyed her rewards. When Aunt Caroline drove out in the pony carriage, it was always Carry, or Julia, or Marian, or even little Gerald, whom she took for her companion— never Olympia, not even once when all but she were kept to the house by some childish epidemic. It was, no doubt, for the same reason that the others were privileged to call Mrs. Westwood "mamma," while she herself had to 8peak of her as " Aunt Caroline"—or rather "Cahroline," as a remnant of the brogue which had not been yet corrected by hearing the name habitually pronounced by others. This was very childish logic, of course, but she was by no means the first logician who has mistaken simultaneous phenomena for cause and effect. So in her much vexed soul she bewailed her unhappy complexion that raised a barrier between herself and those to whom fortune had been more kind. She even went so far as to add to her prayers a private unspoken petition to the effect that heaven would be pleased to make her pretty like Marian, and give her yellow hair; and it came upon het like a direct answer when she heard one servant tell another about some country belief in a milk diet as a certain means of becoming fair. In consequence of this she drank milk whenever she oould get the chance, displaying an immoderate appetite for her bread and milk at breakfast—a dish for which she had entertained a strong dialikehitherto—andmakingsecret and larcenous visits to the dairy, like an actual kitten. In one of these expeditions she was discovered with creamy lips, and punished by being made to write oat on her slate the eighth commandment fifty times over. She knew she had done wrong, but she would have dared to commit a far greater sin in order- to find but three of her hairs turned to gold. But her sin was committed in vain, and the more milk she drank the darker grew her hair. Even a chance good-natured remark of the Captain, who never treated her with harshcess, and was even kind to her in a timid and contraband fashion whenever he had an opportunity, added an additional drop of bitterness to what she considered the fount and spring of her otherwise unintelligible trials. One day, very soon after the cream episode, he happened to call her "little Gipsy." " What's that, Uncle John?" "Oh, don't you know? People with brown faces that go tramping about with tents and kettles and telling fortunes, aad stealing what they can lay their hands on, and running away with little children, and staining them with walnut juice to make them as dark as themselves. Why, Olympia?'' No sooner had the explanation passed his lips, than she ran from the room, slammed the door behind her, and was seen no more till £she was discovered hidden away in a slumber-room, apparently trying to drown herself in tears. So not only was to be born brown a misfortune, but it led to all manner of guilt also —to stealing cream and children. She began to fancy herself an outcast, a Pariah ; nor did the treatment she received from her aunt, from her cousins—who took their tone from their mother—and from the servants, who followed the lead of their mistress, tend to make the fancy as evanescent as fancies of children mostly are. She sometimes tried to buy affection by bribes—by lavishing caresses on her aunt as she saw the others do ; by giving up her toys to her cousins, and by yielding to them in every possible way. But it was all the fable of the " ABS and the Spaniel" over again. What was right in others was wrong in her, and her ill-advised good- nature and submission only led to her being trampled upon. When she had gone out of her way te do some little service for Marian, in order to extort temporary kindness in the shape of gratitude, she only found that her cousins, instead of thanking her by word or deed, either accepted her sacrifices as matters of course, or else regarded them as proofs of a character over which it was so easy to tyrannise that the temptation to do so was irresistible. So it was not long before she became reserved and suspicious, and was driven, as much as she could be, to shut herself up in her shell—and then she found herself called sulky and ill-natured, while all the while she was so expansive that a stray word of unintentional kindness would make her happy for a whole day, and though, to gain that word, she would have willingly given up everything she possessed twenty times over. And so, in this next stage, from a sort of reckless feeling that, if one must be hanped, it is better to be hanged for something than for nothing, she took to standing on her rights—such as they were ; and many were the quarrels, nay, battles, that raged in the nursery of " The Laurels" during ene short campaign—sharp the winged words, and profusethe tears. But the war wasBhort. Not only were the fair-haired warriors three to one, but they were backed by the arbitress of fate who sat enthroned in the Olympus of the drawing-room, to whom they made no scruple of appealing ; while poor Olympia, though stronger-handedand sharper-tongued, was but one to three, was not favoured by the higher powers, and held to the full that first great law of a child's honour, that " Not to tell" is as impossible for the preux chevalier or chevaliere of the nursery as for a Bayard to strike below the knee. She scorned to appeal in her direst need, and—greatest disadvantage of all—her spirit felt the slightest wound, whilst her sharpest words and blows fell upon very callous skins. Thus it Boon came to be settled in Mrs. Westwood's Court that every disturbance should be treated in one uniform and summary manner. On the least suggestion of disturbance, without going into the merits of the case, on hearing witnesses for the prosecution or counsel for the accused, or weighing the sentence against the alleged offence, or even enquiring what the nature of the offence might be, Olympia, as arch- mover of the war and standing casus belli, was condemned to solitary imprisonment in the lumber-room until some long task was got by heart without the blunder of a word. The rule produced at last a chronic state of hollow truce, and so far it was a good rule, if hollow truce is better than open war. But it had the ill effect of dividing the school, room less into two opposing camps than into two opposing nations, and of making the weaker liable to unconditional and inevitable vengeance for every word and deed that might chance to displease a citizen of the stronger. This vengeance Olympia sometimes braved out of sheer recklessness; but, as tyranny grew strong with time, she grew less capable of rebellion. Well was it for her that she had been born with a spirit, though it had been nurtured in scenes whereof the memory alone waB enough to make ber not as other children are. Had it not been so, she must have been crushed by-the constant burden of nothings ; she must have become a wild bird done to death by the continual peckings of the tame companions into whose aviary she had intruded. For the mistress will favour the pets she has raised with her own hand; against numbers strength of beak is of no avail, nor against a discordant chorus a solitary song. 