THE METHODIST CLASS. (By a Contributor). A Methodist Class ! ! f What is that ? It is a band of men, united each to each In heart, by chords of Christian sympathy. Devoted all to God- — in motive, deed and aim (-.omciaenr ; meir common rule 01 me The word of God — their power to act His Grace— their highest end His praise. Like those in days of Malachi the seer, They meet to tell of battles fought With adverse powers — the word — the .flesh The devil— -sin— of fierce temptation with The deadly snares— the scourge of perse cution And the lash of scorn ; affection's furnace With its scathing heat of mental anguish And the doubts and fears that spring From almost faith; At times they mourn a heat Deceitful — cold— repulsive — hard — that will not Yield to God-r-comp-lain of prayer that sends . Not up the incense cloud to heaven — Of unbelief that blights their piece. of mind And leaves an aching void, — of struggles oft ' 'Twixt duty and desire, the spirit and the-, flesh Corruption and the grace of God. Again at other times they speak. Of joys, far better ff.lt than told Of pardon, peace, and happiness, to casual" minds Unknown : — of intercourse with Father, Son, And Holy Ghost : — of hopes that gild their Path to heaven : — of -prospects bright and Full of immortality From Pisgahs' -top, they view the promised land And. antedate its pure unmingled joys. At class -they learn the nature" A»nd design of God's disciplinary plan That woes and weals together blent, pro- . mote The end of life — that trials borne submis sively . Are blessings in disguise ; — that chastening is The pledge of God's unchanging love. — 'Tis here that each gain's counsel, motive, Courage — power — to force his passage To the skies and scale the Mount of God — And thus the little band, built up In fellowship divine ; matured by Grace And fashioned by the hand of God Shew forth in full relief, the character And power of Gospel Christianity. If anyone of a practical turn of mind desires to test if advertisements are very generally read, and at the same learn the effect of advertising on business, let him advertise in two lines, in the most obscure part of some newspaper, that he wants to buy a dog. If he does not want the visitation this will bring him, let him insert another line in the midst of a batch of other advertisements that he will no longer pay his wife's bills, and then go among his acquaintances and observe if there is anything peculiar in their manner that would seem to imply that they had read the notice. 