(Scnqat Jntdttyrac. Earl Carnarvon, in reply to a deputation, ex pressed himself as heartily favourable to the establishment of a Colonial Museum in London. JL'he cost is £30.000. £9000 have been promised towards the object. Great anxiety is felt in Melbourne as to the non-arrival of the homeward bound mail steamer Ceylon at Galle. A railway labourer named Frederick Rawlings was killed lately, at Brisbane, by a fall of earth, while working in a trench for the foundation of an engine shed. He leaves a widow and two children. The Wilcannia Times reports the death of Mr. Lake, one of the pioneer squatters of the Barrier Ranges, by being thrown from his horse, near Alberta Well. Dr. Lang's meeting, in Brisbane, last week, to advocate his claims, was largely attended, and resolutions were carried to grant him £1000 for services, this being the repudiated vote of the Assembly in 1864. It is the intention of Government to extend the railway into the heart of Brisbane by resuming the Grammar School Grounds. The reefing news from Limestone, Palmer River, is good ; a rich leader was struck by Woods's party. The machines for Marytown passed Palmerville. The party report new finds, and intend starting for Colman River, and try the ranges thence to Princess Charlotte Bay. The Rev. Father Moore has been committed for trial for marrying a minor without the con sent of the guardian. Statistics at Adelaide show an amazing de crease in the consumption of duty-paying spirits, attributed to the large quantity of colonial spirits consumed without paying duty. The British ship Stuart Haheman was capsized at the Cape of Good Hope in a squall ; onty nine of the crew were saved. They endured severe privations for thirteen days, living on a monkey, a bird, and a little water. Cape news states that Mr. Froude, the historian, was still 011 a tour through the Western districts. The enthusiasm of the extreme sympathisers with republicans has changed the character of his journey. He made speeches in favour of federation, and pointed out what would be the position oi the States in regard to the mother country. An opinion has been expressed in the Free States against uniting with the Cape and Natal under the British flag, and opposed send ing a representative to the proposed Conference. Sir Garnet Wolseley is making a tour through Natal, and will establish a British colony in Langalabelee territory. Mr. Fairclough's sacred recitals at the Town Hall, Melbourne, were a great success ; 5000 per sons were present. The greatest order prevailed, and there was immense, enthusiasm. The Joint Stock Bank at Cooktown lost' notes at the fire there amounting to nearly £2000. The numbers are known, as they are all fives. Colonel Valentine Baker, of the 10th Hussars, was on June the 18th charged, at the Chief Constable's Office, Guildford, with having assaulted a young lady named Miss Kate Dickin son, of Dunford, Midhurst, Sussex, in a first- class carriage of the South-Western Railway Company, between Woking and Esher stations. Miss Dickinson deposed as follows : — " I was a passenger by the train from Midhurst to Peters- field yesterday, and got into an empty first-class carriage there for Waterloo. At Liphook station the defendant got into the same compartment and sat opposite to me. He talked, and we had some general conversation about the theatres and the Academy, and the beauties of the country, and remarked on the frequent stoppages, until we got to Woking, when he said the train went- straight through to Vauxhall. I answered all his remarks. After leaving Woking station he suddenly shut up the window, which hitherto had been opened. He asked me my name, which I refused to give, and then asked me my address, which I also refused. He changed his seat, and came and sat beside me, still entreating me to give him my name, and asked permission to write to me. I turned my head away, and pushed him off saying, ' I won't have you so near.' Then he put his arm round my waist, and held me with the other, and kissed me several times, saying at the same time, ' You must kiss me darling.' Then, after some trouble, I got up to the bell to warn the guard, and found it was broken. Then he violently forced me back into the corner, and sank down close in front of me, and violently kissed me again. I made no effort to leave the carriage until I found his hand underneath my dress. Then I pulled down the window and screamed violently out of the car riage window. I twisted round the handle, and edged my way out backwards, and he had hold of my arm all the time trying to prevent me. I kept hold of the outside handle of the open door with my left band, and grasped his arm with my right, in which way I stood outside the door on the lower step until the train stopped, when he said to me in a low voice, ' Don't say anything ! you don't know what trouble you will get me into ; say .3011 . were frightened.' When the train stopped near the Esher station, the guards and others came to my assistance, and I was lifted off. The defendant was removed, and I proceeded 011 my journey to. Waterloo, ac companied 1>3 a clergyman. While I was riding outside on the doorstep of the carriage he en treated me to come back into the carriage, and he would get out on the opposite side, which I knew was locked. On arriving at Waterloo I made complaint to the officials. I travelled for about a distance of five miles on the step of the carriage. I came from Midhurst to Petersfield alone. M3 two sisters and servant came to Mid hurst station with me." This was all the evi dence that was offered, and the defendant was remanded; Bail in £500 was put in and accepted, M. R. E. Geach, solicitor, offering himself as surety for £250. — A few days ago a cablegram . from London announced that Colonel Valentine Baker had been found guilty of the above offence, and had been sentenced to twelve months' imprisonment, and to pay a fine of £500 and all the costs of prosecution. " It is an ill wind that blows nobod3 good" is an old proverb often quoted when some untoward event occurs which, whatever inconvenience it occasions the public, throws some good fortune in the way of particular individuals. An amus ing instance of this occurred (sa3s the Parkes Gazette) last week, when the coach carrying the mails from Parkes to Orange got immovabty stuck in the mud when not one hundred miles beyond Bumbuiy, and the passengers had to re turn to Packham's. It appears that among the passengers by the coach was a certain female, who had some eight or ten mouths ago left her husband and children at B with a view of taking a situation as " barmaid" at one of the hotels in Parkes, but being disappointed in this she happened to be fortunate enough to meet with a certain miner who just wanted a house keeper, and to whom he might commit his golden treasures when he had secured them. The quasi barmaid appears to have secured by her careful attention to the duties assigned to her the con fidence of " the Blower," who gave her on Frida last the proceeds of his share in the washing-up of a claim, amounting to £53, with which she was to provide the ways and means for the next washing-up. Having now in her possession something which might be accepted by her former offended other-half as a peace-offering, she embraced the opportunity, starting off at once in a conveyance going to Blumbuiy, where she expected to catch the coach on its way to Orange. The " Blower," unwilling to lose the fruits of his toil and the jewel he had, until, then, prized so much, started in pursuit of the fugitive, whom he overtook at the aforesaid slough, where, after some upbraidings on the one part, and ex planation on the other, matters were arranged, and the disconsolate husband in B must wait for another washing-up on the Billabong ere the wandering sheep returns to his fold ; if, indeed, Jie does not prefer to make application to Mr. Justice Hargrave to untie a knot which keeps only the fragments of broken bonds. A Melbourne weekly journal states that a fire, which caused the destruction of 18 horses, occurred on Thursday morning in Macquarie- street, off High:street, Praliran. At about 3 o'clock in the morning, a man in the employ of John Parker, cab proprietor, Macquarie-street, was awaked by hearing the horses neighing shrilly and jumping about in the stables, and getting up he found that the stables were 011 fire. Constable White had meanwhile observed the fire and rung the bell, and Sergeant Parkin son, going to the place, broke open the gate and called out the inmates of Parker's house. The 3ard. a very narrow one, was blocked up by cabs and waggonettes, and to facilitate the removal of the horses, these were all removed by the police. The horses, however, were, as usual in such cases, unmanageable from fright, and only one had been got out when the fire gained such headway, and threw out so intense a heat, that 110 further efforts could be made to take them out. The local fire brigade, which had mean while arrived, did its best to extinguish the flames, and succeeded in confining the damage to the stable, which, with its contents, was de stroyed, and the hay-loft, which was partially destro3ed. The horses, eighteen in number, were burnt to death, some of them being reduced to a heap of charred bones, and the scene after the flames had been got under was sickening and offensive to both the eye and the nose. One cab which was not removed in time was destro3Ted, and another was partly burnt. About two tons of hay and £10 or £12 worth of fodder, which had been taken in only the day before, was con sumed. Had the wind been from any direction but the north, the dwellinghouse and probably other premises must have been destroyed. As it was, it was nothing but the exertions of the local brigade that saved Parker's house. The dwelling, stables, cabs, horses, &c.;, were insured in the London and Lancashire Company and the Royal Company for a total of £1550. The dam age may be estimated at about £500. How the fire originated is unknown. Mr. Henry Wells, of the Bet Bet, who has just returned from the Palmer gold fields, is (the Avoca Free Press, of August 3rd, states) the bearer of as melancholy a tale as ever thrilled the district, or plunged a family in grief. He relates that while on the road from the Palmer to Cooktown, Queensland, 011 the 8th ox J ulv, a person who keeps a small store at the Tura River asked his assistance to attend two men who had camped there, and were very ill. On entering their tent Wells found them side by side, and evidently dying. He first raised one of them to a sitting posture, and endeavoured to make him drink, but the man was too far gone swallow anything. On taking hold of the other; Mr. Wells exclaimed, "Oh! my God, this is young Barnes, of Avoca." The dying man evidentty recognised Wells. He attempted to speak, but his lips onty quivered. The other man died almost immediately, and Barnes in about five hours afterwards. The deceased, Mr. James Barnes, son of Mr. William Barnes, of No. 2 Creek, left Avoca for the Palmer gold fields some thirteen weeks since. A letter was received from him about a fortnight ago, stating that he had been prospecting, but he did not speak of coming home. The remaining particulars Mr. Wells gleaned from the storekeeper on the Tura, to the effect that on the previous day, Mr. Barnes's mate, a man named Trenear, was taken suddenly and dangerously ill, and, unfortunately, there was at the time no means of conveying him to Cooktown. Remaining to succour his mate, Mr. Barnes, as related, fell a victim to the same malady — that fatal fever, most probably, to which the strongest succumb often after a few hours' illness in the semi- tropical and unwholesome cli mate of the Northern gold fields. The deepest sympathy is felt for the bereaved family, who are well-known and highly- respected farmers and miners in the district. Under such melan choly circumstances, the only consolation that can be offered to them is, that both men died with out apparent pain, and that Mr. Clegg (of Moun tain Hut), Mr. Wells, Mr. Blackmoor, and others, who were on the spot the next daT, saw them de cently interred near the Tura River. A lock of poor Barnes's hair, his watch, and some other Valuables were handed over to the sorrowing family by Mr. Wells, on Tuesday last. The following stoiy is related by the Ballarat correspondent of the Pleasant Creek Neios: — " About eighteen months ago a resident of this district, who boasted, and, I believe, truthfully, of the fact of the blue blood of an old family coursing through his veins, married, and left to settle elsewhere. At the time the ceremony was performed the gentleman in question attracted that small amount of notice u snail' accorded 1)3' the world to one who sometimes can afford three- pennyworth of beer for his Sunday's dinner, hut more frequentty cannot. However, a few friends did assemble together, and wish all happiness to the newly-wedded pair, who shortly slipped away from us unperceived, and not missed. When I state the wife (a stranger hereabouts) was as poor and unknown as the man she knelt beside at the altai, I shall have said all that need be said concerning a marriage of which few were aware, and about as many cared. Hard work in another colon- was to the couple the onty reward that seemed likely to mark the ful filment of a long and affectionate engagement. Neither had to their knowledge kith or kin on the face of the earth, so placed strong reliance in each other when the plighted their troth. Now mark what the whirligig of time brought about. In April last the husband was ' wanted,' not by the police, but a firm of solicitors, who then placed him in possession of some riverside pro- pert' in London, the rent-roll of which means a little over £13,000 annually. He had kin, but so far removed as to be quite unknown to him. The mail which reached here last told of further favours in store for the fortunate couple. The wife had succeeded, not to a title, but to what is better, £34,000, bequeathed to her by a natural brother, of whose existence she was doubtful, and of whose whereabouts and (as events have proved) riches she had not the ghost of an idea." We take the following from the Melbourne Daily Telegraph of Wednesday : — " Our readers will remember that in our issue of the 3rd inst. appeared a telegram which had been received by Baron Von Mueller from Edward Schneider, of Tambo, on the Barcoo, Queensland, which led to the belief that the remains of some of the party Leichhardt, the great Australian explorer, whose fate since he started on his last expedition into the interior of this continent many years ago, is wrapt in mystery, had been discovered. That telegram stated that the remains of two adult bodies had been found close to a spot where a flask had previously been picked up, and where some trees were marked ' L. L.' Since the receipt of the telegram considerable anxiety has been felt for further news, and the absence of any further communication from Mr. Schneider led a good number of people to believe in the truth of a telegram dated from Brisbane, as follows : — ' The bodies disinterred from two graves found at Saltsian (?) Creek, beyond Tambo, on the Barcoo, were undoubtedty those jof aboriginals, and not of an of Leiehhardt's party.' The pre vious information, however, would appear to be corroborated by another telegram which Baron Von Mueller received from Mr. Schneider ester- da3', to the effect that the remains were those of whites, and that with them were found a Swed ish Bible. Mr. Schneider being a surgeon, there can be 110 doubt that the intelligence of the skeletons being those of white men is correct. The following is the telegram . — " Tambo, Queensland, 10th August. To Baron Von Muel ler. Found Swedish Bible, dagger, quartz (?), one skeleton, whole, other broken, seen place, sure whites. Claimed for 3'ou. Send order to Pender for same. Telegraph how act. Edward Schneider.' The Baron has telegraphed back, thanking Mr. Schneider for his exertions, and stating that so soon as the relics are identified he will consult the Ladies' Committee, who, it will be recollected, some 3'ears since raised funds and sent out an expedition for the discovery of Leichhardt if alive, and of his remains if dead. The Baron further suggests to Mr. Schneider that a magisterial inquiry should bo made in regard to the discoveries, in order that as much infor mation as possible may be elicited. The words in Mr. Schneider's telegram ' quartz' and ' send order to Pender for same' are not understood by the Baron, but no doubt a further communica tion, explanatory- of everything, will shortly be received, and most probably in the course of time a letter containing full details of the dis covery." The establishment of a Queensland Mutual Provident Society is mooted. Fresh and more serious charges are to be brought against Bentley and Hughes, late of the Bank of New South "Wales at Beech worth. The miserable stipends of some of the Church of England clergymen in Victoria are strongs- commented on by the Press. The question of who was the first discoverer of gold in New South Wales, although often de bated, has never, until recently, received a satis factory solution, and never, we believe (says the Evening News ), until now have the real facts been published. Rumours and statements in numerable have been circulated, and have been received with more or less credence by the pub lic, but all sooner or later have been shown to be erroneous. We are in a position to show that gold was discovered, and we believe officially reported to the Government, upwards of fifty- two years ago, viz., on the 16th February, 1823. On that date Mr. Assistant-Surveyor James M'Brian discovered the precious metal at a spot on the Fish River, about midway between O'Con- nell Plains and Diamond Swamp, a little to the north of the old Bathurst Road, and about fifteen miles east of Bathurst. We have now before us an extract from Mr. M'Brian's field-book, which book is preserved in the Surveyor General's of fice. It reads as follows : — " February 16, 1823. — At 8150 to river and marked gum tree. At this place I found numerous particles of gold in the sand and in the hills convenient to river." — It is possible but hardly probable that other per sons may have discovered gold before the date of Mr. M'Brian's finding it as the Fish River, and that owing to the then peculiar social condition of the colony, arising from the presence of a large prison population, it was thought best to suppress the knowledge of the fact ; but how ever this might have been, it is now proved be yond the shadow of a doubt that gold was dis covered at the date mentioned, and that this date is earlier by twenty years or more than the Rev. W. B. Clarke's intimation of its existence de rived from observation and geological inferences, and more than a quarter of a century before Mr. Hargraves's discovery and proof of its presence in payable quantities by practical working. " A system is pursued in San Francisco," ob serves a Ballarat journal, " which might be ex tended to all other towns in the world to the great advantage of the public. Some months since Mr. Charles Dyte received a letter from San Francisco containing the following notice on the outside of the envelope : — 'This letter was posted with insufficient stamps. The extra stamps have been affixed, and yuu are requested to for ward the same to Box 294, Post Office, San Francisco, in order that the same courtesy ma3' be extended to other parties.' The letter came from his sister, so Mr. Dyte wrote back request ing that lady to make good the deficiencj, if the notice was genuine. By the last Californian mail Mr. Dyte has received a reply, stating that the notice was written in perfect faith, and that its appearance was due to the Christian Young Men's Association of San Francisco, which, amongst other good works, obtains a list periodi cally of all the insufficiently stamped letters in the San Francisco Post Office, and makes good the deficiency, the authorities permitting the members to paste a small piece of paper on the envelopes containing the above words. A branch of the society would find good work to do in a number of other towns besides San Francisco." Some of our readers, doubtless, remember (sas the Northern Argus ) the story told of a well- known ironmonger in S3'dne3', who, on the arrival of Sir Charles Fitzro', as Governor of New South Wales, waited at Government House for the purpose of soliciting the Governor's patronage, and meeting an elderly personage in the hall, whom he took to be the housekeeper, slipped a £10-note into her hand with a knowing wink, while bespeaking her good offices, and skedadd ling in his confusion on discovering that the sup posed housekeeper was no other than Lady Mary Fitzroy, who happened to be crossing the hall just as the ironmonger entered. Another mistake, almost as ludicrous, lately occurred to Lad3' Normanb3', as we learn b' a New Zealand ex change, which says : — " That after the viceregal party had inspected the Waitanga Bridge, they called at the ' hotel' on the Otago side of the river, and while they were congregated in front of the house, his Excellency expressed a desire to wash his hands. Accordingly the loyal sub ject, with pleasure beaming on her countenance, ushered the Governor into a small bedroom, and, on returning to the front, met Lady Normanby entering the house. Not imagining for one mo ment that the plainly-dressed lady was his Ex cellency's better half, the worthy hostess ex claimed, as she sought to prevent her intruding on the privacy of the Governor, ' You musn't come here now ; the Governor is in here.' Lady . Normanby, who was probably amused at the worthy hostess's misapprehension, replied, ' Oh, never mind ; I'm the Governor's old woman — it's all right.' The landlady vanished like a shadow." A very melancholy case of accidental death occurred at the Ipswich Hospital a few days ago. One of the patients, a girl named Elizabeth King, aged 13 years, who had been some time under treatment for inflammation and ulceration of the throat, and who had been on spoon diet for some time, became seized with a craving for fresh meat, and begged the nurse to let her have some along with the other patients. The nurse com plied, and on two different occasions the girl had to be cautioned against eating in a ravenous manner, having almost choked herself in her greed' haste. On the day in question, she had taken a small piece of meat in her mouth, and had evidentty swallowed it in an unmasticated state, for in a few seconds she was gasping spasmodically for breath, and although the nurse and others ran to her assistance, she became livid in the face, and by the time the medical dispenser reached the spot — a few moments onty having expired — she was black in the face. He extracted with an instrument a small piece of bread and a piece of unmasticated meat from her throat, but although she breathed after it, ani mation became suspended, and although all pos sible means to restore it artificially were tried, she never rallied. The Albwy Banner states that, during the week, Mr D. Quinlan, teacher of the Br Creek State School, appeared at the CI til tern Police Court to answer the charge of having assaulted a boy, named Charles Christie, by beating him with a cane with undue severity. From the evidence taken, it transpired that the boy had been caned for telling a lie, and when before the Court, although the caning had taken place a fortnight previously, the marks were.still visible 011 his legs. Mr. J. R. Whitehead, a member of the School Board of Advice, who appeared as a witness in the case, said that he had visited the school after punishment had been administered to the boy ; the teacher told him that he had punished Christie for telling untruths with refer ence to what had transpired at school. There were marks on the boy, but the skin was not broken, and he thought lying ought to be pun ished severely. Mr. Holmes, police magistrate, after a patient hearing of the case, said he con sidered the boy had been punished somewhat too severely — not with more severity, perhaps, than had been the custom some years ago ; but the feeling with regard to the infliction of corporal punishment on children had changed of late years. The law allowed schoolmasters to punish children under their charge, but the permission was carefully hedged in, so that unnecessary severity might not be used. As he believed the teacher had simply been actuated by a desire to correct the boy for his fault, and had not been guilty of wilful cruelty, he would inflict the nominal fine of 2s. 6d., with 7s. costs. 