Very little has become known about the leading points of policy of the Government when the business of Parliament shall re commence. If comine1 events cast their shadows before, we have been unable to notice scarcely anything of the -foreshadow ing. Public gatherings or celebrations at which some section of the Minstry are usually supposed to assist have not been frequent during". the recess, and when they have taken place, Governmental utterances have been surrounded with caution. Still, a little peep into the future policy may be taken to have-been afforded on the occasion of the opening of the Friendly - Societies' Reserve at Echuca last week, when the hoD. the Minister of Lands -made a long and, as is admitted on- all hands, very sensible and exhaustive "speech, from which may be gathered some intentions as to dealing with the fnuch vexed and important question of .Free Trade. Inhabitants of this country who can remember -the class of politicians who brought- about free trade in England, to' the salvation of the mother country, as is now all but universally admitted, - must have wondered, and . still wonder, at those who adopt protectionist principles in any part of the_ vast continent of Australia. .It was the fashion to call protectionists at home, in the Liberal n'ewspapers of the day, "bigotted, benighted, prejudiced, " and therefore stupid, until the" unexpected -ad mission of Sir Robert, Peel of liis conversion to the views of the persistent and "courageous Freetraders in the house of Commons first' astonished and upset, and then gratified, his w» n n xt . v\ nil H An I Tin mi rl n W/li tr n li mi 1 /l a xuauj puuuxuai. xixuuuo lrisj ouuutu bliu doctrine have a different signification here, we should be glad to know, despite all the /arguments used "about influx of manufac tures, decrease of wages, and other acl cap- tandum illustrations ? .But to refer to Mr Casey's speech, we ' "must say that, to our .thinking, it -.merits the .warmest , approba tion for the manliness of its tone ; and- the generally comprehensive tenor of his obser vations. True it is- that,v with theLusual reticence on'such occasions, much is left to inference, but if language meant anything it was that free trade would be a Ministerial principle-of the future. Mr Casey certainly guarded himself :by- saying: that bis expressed sentiments must be taken as belonging 1 to his individual opinion only ; "but, in' gliding; into the vital- subject respecting the under standing ' which _ should exist hetween-->this and ths sister colony of i New South- vWales; the same sentiment pervaded- all' his 'sen tences. For all, too long- a .time has the want of a cordial'/understanding ; between' the colonies been a.'. drawback . to . the sub stantial interests: , of i.each,, randy although it must 'be' admitted that the subiect is- -a ticklish one to deal with, some' of. "the ie- marks of the Minister of Lands are suffi ciently plain to understand. He said that " although we might, perhaps, not be ripe for political confederation, or a complete union of the colonies, we may still be ripe fdr intercolonial free trade or a customs -union and he further expressed his deter mination to devote i the utmost of the power and ability he possessed towards the pro motion of this question, and bringing the bonds -of union among- the various colonies' /tighter .together, ye.t- making- each one of them happy and prosperous.!' . The Minister added, moreover, words to the , effect that if laws' existed which might impede the attain ment of thorough free trade," and it would be for the good of the community that such laws should be set aside, or superseded, then, ' in the name of goodness, truth,. and justice let them be superseded, and better ones enacted." The language is certainly vague" and general enough, but the meaning and intention are sufficiently distinguishable. It is a marvel that two of the principal countries of the Australian group ha've suc ceeded so long in keeping up border duties, - and that kind of unpleasant supervision in the matter " of "iuteifcolonial traffic which would rather seem to belong -to the " douanes " of France or "the "p etty stated of Germany, as regards, perpetual " money- ohanging, than to a' free country in these admittedly forward ' times. Should the .Minister of Lands, in pursuance of his ex pressed determination, succeed in putting an end to the irritating customs so "long in vogue on "the Border," he will have the thanks of the,.general as well.as the mercan tile populations of both' countries. The tariffs of other .Australian branches of government, if they may be ; so called, are infinitely-more liberal than either of those of Victoria or New- South Wales, and it is scarcely creditable to 'the latter that this should be. Under any circumstances, and apart from the abstract question of freo tiadey if Mr Casey succeeds only in advanc ing the growing question of intercolonial union, he will meet with the approbation of all men who take the trouble, to ' think-.. It is one we have advocated; in. ourv humble way, in these columns .more than once; and we cannot_fail to perceive more jban ever the., immense benefits derivable from such a happy. consummation. - We are extremely sorry to have to report a ter rible accident which happened to Robert .Hay, well known in Avoca as the driver of Cobb and Co's coach from Maryborough -to Ararat,- and who is respected alike for- his civility and his skill- as a whip. This accident occurred on the down trip to Maryborough. It is a singular circumstance that on the upward journey/Hay was pulled off his box by the drawing of a staple as-he held- on - to his horses, and. this time escaped with a few scratches and bruises. On the next day," however, on the return journey he observed a- drunken man in the road somewhere near Adelaide Lead, when he pulled up and then noticed a horse standing near, and flvrifatrad Vivo mf nnfinn n f nnHiniv t iia mmi in.LL cApitoawu i IAO ituLuuuu ui juhiu ilia llldll illMUC the coach and hitching his horse behind, and asked a passenger to effect this. - While watching the operation, the coach horses, bolted suddenly, and Hay fell from his seat between the horses' hind legs. The horses began to kick, but they did not bolt ; but poor Hay was found to be in a fearful condition, his face cut with the horses' heels, and his throat severely lacerated, while he' must' have sustained other shocking injuries. He was lifted into the'coach, which was driven to Maryborough, where Dr Laidman was quickly in attendance, who. directed his removal to the hospital, where,. upon examination, the injuries were found to be very serious indeed, the sufferer being in agony, and in a critical state,, Hay has a wife ar.d four children, and we can only hope he may survive to be their comfort and. mainstay as heretofore. We learnt' yesterday that Hay was somewhat better. The annual inspection of the accounts, records,' and working of the Loyal LAvoca -Lodge, M.U.L' O.O. F., by the District Officers, took place on VYednesday evening last: 'The District Officers present were, Bro John Field, Grand Master; Bro Thomas Hampton, Deputy Grand Master; and Bro H.L, Jones, Corresponding -Secretary, these being.also accompanied by Bro Denny, the present V.G. of the Talbot lodge. The books having been carefully examined, and correctness of the accounts tested by comparison with the vouchers, the usual certificate was entered upon the minutes and duly signed.. The District Officers then addressed the members present and complimented the lodge ! in high terms upon the manner in which the busi ness was conducted. A report was given as to the progress of affairs in. the district; which: was of -an encouraging nature, and members were congratu lated 'upon' the fact that, by the returns of the Go vernment Statist, the Order continued to maintain its position as the premier benefit society of Vic toria.' Remarks, of a congratulatory nature were also offered by the. presiding officer, Bro James Wise'arid the visiting officer Bro Denny, and tlie lodge closed'at an early hour. : -The- intention,- authoritatively - announced, of holding County Courts and Courts of Mines at intervals of Tialf year;' instead of tliree months, as hasiup to'this ; time teen . the case; at; Avoca, has called forth many grumblings both-loud and deep ; but, as usual, nobody stirs openly td) denounce the; " proposed injustice. This is a wide and truly ap apathetic district: The last, and about the only notipn.propounded seems to possess some shew of sense and reason; and resolves itself into the ques ; ition — Why not do away with the Avoca County /Court altogether, and bring ; its jurisdiction within ithat of .Maryborough ? . Justice - would, more, /speedily be served in . its ends, although at some .peripatetic inconvenience. The loss of time in one /sense" would be compensated for in another direc- 'tion. Even the ghost of public spirit. .appears to /have " vanished into thin air" from - amongst .us, land no warnings or cautions can apparently re- f vivify it. We have received from' the proprietors and publishers, Messrs Whitehead and Co., of Collins street, Melbourne, " W hitehead's Map of Victoria, revised' to 1875," It is a remarkably good com pilation, the map being very clear and well en graved and colored. An index is given alpha betically, with numbers referring to the map ; and | other information is added as to population, postage, mail arrivals and departures, coach accommodation, etc. The price, too, is very moderate, being Is for the ordinary map, and 2s 0d for copies mounted on linen in cloth cases. The letter of our Glenpatrick correspondent, else where appearing, contains a very serious account amounting in effect to a charge of neglect — of the state of the school building at " The Glen." Our correspondent's remarks are cogent and to the pur pose, and if Boards of Advice be of any use at all, now is the tima for the local board to take some steps towards remedying an evil which looks very much like a disgrace as well. An account appears in the M. and D. Advertiser of this morning which, if true, is a grave charge against the resident officers of the hospital, as it alleges that an old and dying man was " carted " away from'the building and 'turned down— -literally — into the street. His re admission was refused, and some charitable gentlemen of the committee, whose names are mentioned, found a lodging for he aged imbecile. It is alleged that this was done at the suggestion of the police, so that the roan might be apprehended as a vagrant, as he had be come troublesome to the other patients. However this may' be, a peremptory enquiry must take place, that the fault may rest where it really is. There have been so many complaints and. controversies -about the hospital internal management of late years, that it would really appear as if some radical change were necessary, and the apparently-warranted sneers" aboul the " noble institution" put an end to. . We.suspend judgment in this instance until after- the investigation, which is inevitable. \- The decision in favor of the continuance of the 1 races under the auspices of the Maryborough and Carisbrook Racing Club on the well known Tulla- roop course has brought about good entries for two of the events. For the Tullaroop Shire Handicap there were entered, on Tuesday night last, the fol lowing horses : — Ferryman's Daughter, Albany, St'eeltrap,. Cynthia, . Speculation, - Kettledrum, Dane, Cleolite, Lonsdale, Calumny, Dolphin, and Daybreak;- 'For the Town Plate the entries were: — Ferryman's Daughter, Steeltrap, Speculation, Dane, Lonsdale, The Professor, Albany, Cynthia, Kettledrum, Cleolite, Calumny, and Daybreak. Railway accidents appear to be rather too fre quent of late.' One, which was owing, as it is stated, to the settling of; the line between Ballarat and Maryborough through the late rains, occurred on Wednesday last between Creswick and Clunes A' first class carriage next" to the van got off the rails, and on the train being fortunately brought to ' a standstill, it was /found' that' the axle boxes of the; carriage were broken. ' The carriage was replaced on the rails by means of screw jacks," and .'the journey continued, but slowly, so - that -the Castle-: maine passengers had to wait for the afternoon train from Maryborough; Mr E. H. Miles, of Avoca, was one of the passengers, none of whom sustained any injury that we have heard of. The Inangahua Herald says : — A Mr J, H. Wallace has addressed the New Zealand Times on the subject of "recognising the claims of the early settlers to a . grant of land.' .He' suggests" that all now in l he colony and who were in the colony on the 22nd oF January, 1846, giving five clear years from the date of the foundation of the "colony, "should have" their services recognised as the practical founders of the colony. It is a well known fact that the early colonisation of the North Island entailed ruin upon many respectable colonists. Numbers lost their homesteads, and many their lives. Skirmishes with the natives were of every day occurrence, and to sucn an extent did hostriitie® prevail that it was utterly impossible for the early settlers to make the progress they otherwise would have done. By the sacrifice of their property, and, in many instances, their lives, they paved the way for others whose lot fell in less troublesome times. The tide of fortune, however, did not turn until the majority, of' the old settlers were hopelessly ruined. Mr J. H. Wallace invites co-operation to obtain the consent of the Legislature asking for a free grant-of land for the practical founders aud pioneers of this' colony; - We believe that the pro posal-will meet the cordial support and good will of the people' of New Zealand,. One of the most -important events that has for a long while taken "place in quartz mining in this colony is the striking'by the Prince Patrick Com pany, Stawell, of a good gold-bearing reef, three feet wide, at the depth of 1,100 feet. -This is several hundred feet lower than any gold has been obtained previously, and it is likely to give great encouragement .to many mines in both the Stawell and other districts. In Sandhurst up to the present time no gold has been, obtained at- anything like -the same depth, but it is. hoped that in a few years Sandhurst and , Ballarat may., both be working payable reefs, as- in California, at lower levels than the one now. opened up by the Prince Patrick Company, - -Age. ... .'. An. anti Chinese meeting was held at Rock- hampton on the 12th inst., the mayor in the chair. The following resolutions /were, carried.":— 7" That this meeting desires to express its sympathy with " their brother colonists at -the. Palmer River and other -Northern-goldfields of this colony, by reason' -of the armed conflict likely to arise from the whole sale" occupation of the'new goldfields, by swarms" of male Chinese, well provided with firearms." " That as the Government of this colony is a constitutional one, any means for excluding'Chinese or any other foreigners should be constitutional, and not op- . . . - ; m< ; - . -. . pressive or coercive, rv i nat in tne opinion or this meeting sucht a /regulation, /resting on the sound basis that taking away gold, from the soil of the country need only be permitted as a reward for enterprise displayed, would get rid of any difficulty supposed to exist in treaty obligations, should said supposed obligations'be found to'stand in the' way of- our making our own laws to suit our own wants our own interests." . The South Melbourne Gas Company's workmen, while excavating on their ground at Sandridge recently, discovered the skeleton of a man a few feet before the surface. The remains are supposed to be those of an aboriginal, as the skeleton was found buried in a sitting posture. This is the second body that has been found in the company's ground.- -Age. The Wangaratta Dispatch states : — For some time past a monster cod fish has been comfortably settled in a hole in the King River, distant about a mile from Wangaratta. Two Chinese fishermen who have been in the habit of visiting us every summer for the last eight years have for the last three weeks weeks been making unavailing efforts to catch him. They succeeded in hooking him three several times, but on each occasion he got away, and plunged back into hia hole. Twice one of the Chinamen has been carried into the river This fish, according to all accounts, is a wonderful cormorant. He has already swallowed 8olb weight of baits and a lot of hooks. On one occasion he gulped down a fish weighing some 131b or 141b, and the bait had nine hooks to it. The Chinese state that the largest fish they ever took out of the King River weighed 1091b. They reckon this large creature, which lias caused them so much trouble, as weighing some 2001b. The St Arnaud Mercury of Wednesday says . Mr George Pyers, on Monday last, handed the. collector the sum of .£51 10s, being£50 for himself and £1 10s for other persons residing on his station. We understand that Mr Pyers, knowing the want of increased accommodation at the hospital, has suggested tlie erection of a wing, and, no doubt, if the wealthy residents of St Arnaud would follow Mr Pyers' example, the committee would soon feel themselves in a position to act on his advice. Extravagance in individuals is" to be depre cated," writes the Man at the Corner in the Talbot Leader, " but when public bodies are guilty of it no words are too strong in which to express an adequate amount of reprobation. Making ducks and drakes of public funds is an offence which ought to be made high treason, and when such flagrant instances as (hat the Gisborhe Shire Coun cil have been guilty of are brought to light, every right-minded man in the community should speak out. This body have actually voted the enormous sum of £25 as salary for six months for an official who has only to perform the. duties of shire secre tary, rate collector, dog inspector and valuator. "Why they could have got a duly qualified brick layer's laborer for about three times the amount, and yet they gaand lavish their revenue on an educated man at the rate of nearly a pound a week. If this prodigality is imitated to any extent we shall have- the whole of the rising generation serving their time to rate collectors and" dog inspectors, and there won't be anyone left to study for the ministry."' a grass-wiciows association nas oeen estaonsnetx at Wood's Point (says the' Walhalla Chronicle for the purpose of protecting those of the fair sex who have been deserted by their worst halves, and the co-operation of deserted sisters is earnestly- asked for. Rather a no»el method of revenge is reported by- the Guardian as having been adopted at Kyneton. At the local police court on Tuesday, Mr Thomas. Fallon, the well known grocer, of the Junction corner, was charged with the illegal sale of liquor under the following circumstances. The complains was laid in the name of the revenue inspector of the- Kyneton Riding, but the real prosecutor was Mr James Brown, of the Piper-street flour mill. From the evidence it appeared that there had been busi ness transactions between Messrs Brown and Fallon, in which -the former did not consider that he had been treated fairly by the latter. On the 10th inst., in company with his bVother, he went to the- defendant's shop, where tliree nobblera were obtained and paid for by Mr Brown ; and as he was unable- to obtain what be regarded as a satisfactory settle ment, he determined to punish his creditor by prosecuting him for sly-grog selling. The illegal sale of the liquor was not denied, but Mr Bayne, who appeared for the defence, inveighed against the impropriety of one citizen taking proceedings of such a nature against another. The police magis— trate expressed an opinion that it. would be a very good thing . if other citixsns would follow Mr Brown's example, as by no other means would the- , practice of sly-grog selling, which notoriously existed, be suppressed. In inflicting the highest penalty allowed by law, his Worship said it was ridiculously insufficient j it ought to be at least as- rruirtn nr thn Innnl naanr<n A 4 — _ 1 u,utl1 fla u,c ACoa I'tctiac icci /it pi tract J l| SO iOu as the sly-grog seller was not convicted more than once a year, he made a fine profit by evading th& license. Defendant was fined £10, and £2 2& costs; in default, a month's imprisonment. The noble commander of the West Melbourne larrikin forces, named James Haves, alias Tippo, a bullet headed, square jawed, ruffianly looking young fellow of about 21 years of age, described by the- police as the generalissimo of the west end larrikins, was charged at the City Court yesterday as a vagrant. About a dozen detectives and constables gave, the feliow the character of being the most dangerous man of his stamp in the city. When ever he appeared in Bourke street at night, the men on duty had to patrol in pairs for mutual protection. Mr Call said he was glad to be able to deal with, ruffians of this class. Tippo, roust go to gaol fo- 12 months' hard labour.- — Herald. The following story is told by the Ballarat cor respondent of the Pleasant OreehNews : — " A few days ago, a Ballarat gentlemen, who has not quite so much of this world's -riches as perhaps he deserves, received from New Zealand a letter con taining something representing between £40 and £5Q., Enclosed with, the welcome document was. a short note, which I have been permitted to copy It ran thus J——" Enclosed find what I hope will be welcome. In 1867 we met for the last time in the train from Kyneton to Melbourne, and you lent me £2. You tore up my IOU, and said, 'Never mind that pay me when you can afford, the money better than I can.' You will recollect the circum stance of course. Your loan made my capital ujv to £10 on my arrival in Sydney. - That '£10 has "turned me in £500 or nearly. And as I am closing accounts with A., I may as well settle up with you. You found one— tenth of the capital, and are entitled to an equal participation iu the profits. Pleas© find same herewith." The medical staff of the Adelaide Hospital,1 iVlfl €t 4.1: _ _:» 1 wo.ataica, aic.aw wic preseiu ume tlQTeg tigating the relative merits of chloroform and ether, given, according to the American method. We understand that ether has been very successfully administered in eight cases. It is the opinion of some medical men that it is superior to chloroform. Whether that is so or not, that can be no question that either is growing in favor with the profession." It was mentioned as a curious circumstance in the trial of O'Ferrall, by the Herald, that the pre siding judge, the crown prosecutor, the two counsel who defended the prisoner, and the prisoner himself, were all Dublin men. A rule alsolute for the sequestration of the estate of Mr M. B. Carroll, M.L. A. , was granted by Mr Justice Molesworth in the Kquity Court this morning. Mr Carroll, being declared insolvent, his seat in the Assembly becomes vacant, VI e learn fram the Hrmilton Spectatar that the growth and preparation for the market of rice will shortly be commenced in the Casterton district. A ton of rice per acre is the anticipated Yield, while <cwt, is stated to be an ample allowance per acre for expense. A correspondent of the " Melbourne Medical Record" strtes that he is acquainted with a person who has been cured of epilepsy by taking three teaspoonfuls of rum in which the heads and necks of black snakes had been infused for ten days. The influence of imagination is so great that the remedy might he worthy of a trial in nervous epilepsy, and many other nervous affections. The proportions were a piut of strong rum— any other spirit would do as well— to the heads of three full grown snakes. 