, DESTITUTION OF GERMAN : V IMMIGRANTS. . FROM OUR OWN . CORRESPONDENT. Benalla, 28fch November, : Dirested of all useless matter, the foUow- ing aretho partiqolars .ooniieoted wifdi the official: visit' to the .distressed' Germans at Yori»wonga s—ilnBpeotor A. B, Smith, ac- companied by ah interpreter, left Befuffia on Fridair eyehlng, , artiying 'at Deyenlsh at efeen.'.o'qlook '.p.'ni,;!.«id -After - travelling aUi mgiit they arrived at the , Cooked Hat Gamp about six o'ciock'oR Satordaymorn- ihg; - From theie -they pitoMMed;; to ! the first' German canip, 'AbouVa'qauter of 'aJmi!e difltsnt. Tbifl camp is sitnated. in Boozy Creek, and has a number of fine watqr holes, fop/'.cqiifAgi' c!f foiir tiark hifts, used ' dwellings,. ' and/', two bark( sheds uaed for; cooking' , .and other poeppses. . ' There", ore three fmnilies living ill the Cocked Hat Camp, In all. 10. phople, three being males and e'eyen females. There are two very old mei one a carpenter.sged 69, mad. a eaddler about the same age ; the saddler was away at the Dbokie flour- uiilto, tryipgjto obtain three bags of fiour on credit "The visitors _were .received with treat binonioB, and lnspectoi; Smitb, assisted y Mr. Mjde tha intenireter, explained the object of their visit, The physical con dition of the people hece appeared to be as good aa that ofthe ordinary peasant. Seven are aged 9 one is a young woman about 21, .there is a hay about she, and the other a girl about two years old. The last-named three loofted lemarkably healthy and strong; show ing no marks of starvation. Amongst other questions the old man. (the carpenter) 'was. asked who. induced . thsni to come to this country, and hro reply was that God had called them aod unfly traiR bound to ooine.. The , wyBOtco jipd every- Swiuuuattu, TbSre ras plento of. furniture and bedding, all brought from home.. Iir one of- the cooking ehedsaboldwoinau was preparingfood consist ing, of vegetables, and- flour. . Inspector Smith asked them what prospects ; they" had for tho1 future.- They roplied that they had between! the twp'Camps 800 acres '.of. land iseleoted,. and ban this year CO acres of . wheat "prop, and if they could rub along till the. harvest Was" gathered, they could get oii' for tho re- mainder of the year. It wa3 explained that the two camps were on the communistic arrangement. Being; - asked , how they mapaged .to get the orop in, they stated that when, 'they arrived in Melbonrne they bought la waggon, dray, plough, - and ..other fanning implements, and two horses, bat they Were compelled to sell the horses and'' ; dray ; to '.Carl Berndt'a man for . '£9 each, or £15 for the lot, which , it seems thoy expended in' food -for the of thepommnnity. Inspector -Siiiitbi promised them relief, ahd a smile of gladpesp was observable upon all around. The inspector then proceeded to Mr. Carl Berndt's farm, .three miles distant. This is the Mr.> " Charles Burns" referred to in the letter-to the German consul.' Berhdt spoke of the many abta of kindness he had done for the people of the other camp, where the -great distress exiBted, and that they would not be guided by him V so he had now given theni tip, as they - were completely guided by a woman whom they believed to be in spired'- by. " the Holy . GhoBt. ' One of the community, .'-.a married man, : lives at Mr. '. Berndt'a, and/ works as a black smith, Mr, - Berndt was ! interrogated! 1 about the"' horses and dray his man had, ' bought f coin -the people at the Cocked Hat' Camp, - and - he replied that the dray ! was nbt .worth £5, and that he had bought it of his man. The dray was shown, , and Mrr Coghill valued. iit at about £12 at the'loweat estimate. The horses were not produced! ' The other, camp, " Hill Plain Camp;"- ia two and a half milea distant from" Mr. Berndt's, and he was asked to accom-! pany the party to the place ; but he said he would; not unless he was paid for it, as he 'had lost too muoh time already by them. However, he at last consented , to go, .being persuaded not to ! forfeit the good name he :: had already gained for- his exertions in their behalf, and seeing that succor fwaa at. hand. ' The party then started for the camp, whioh con sists of 10 bark huts, and contains about 40 people, mostly : women and. children. The interpreter, aa before, explained the object of the, visit. The first .thing that attracted the attention of the party was something covered over with an old tarpaulin, and on inquiry: they were informed that it was a coffin ready to receive the. body of a boy 'about 12 years of ' age, who was lying in a dying state in ap adjoining hut. Inspector Smith inquired which -hut the boy was in, and on its being pointed . out the , party -entered . without any ceremony, and an appalling sight met their view. Lying on a kind of bed, within four feet of a blazing fire, lay the emaciated form of what . appeared to have been a fine intelli gent boy of -about 14- years of age. At a table in the. same h'nt, facing the door, sat a man and woman botheigaged sewing a piece df print; The man looked ! as if he tod recently recovered from sickness. The female was. about 25 years old, four feet six inohes high, .with a most repulsive face, having high cheek bonef, a pug-nose, rough black -hair and' sunken, eyes. - She took no notice of the intrusion. They uncovered the boy, and a . most distressing spectaole met them. His' legs, feet and body were swollen to monstrous proportions,: and the skin was in neglected state as to cleanliness. THe proud flesh from the tipper gums' ex tended over the teeth, ahd the whole condi tion of the sufferer -indicated scurvy. By. this time a crowd had gathered rouid, the hut, and on inqniring wtotwonri&ment; the boy was getting, his mother replied that all they hajd was. flour and vegetables, lite ro6rU in . which the sidk boy lay contained the other body. They then. proceeded to examine the other huts. In the adjoining hut lay an ojd man, about 67 years "of age. His mouth was in the same condition as the boy's, but the - disease had not made quite suoh great progress. The whole of the nuts appeared as clean as they could he made, Itopeotor Smith inquired how many tod diea Since they arrived at the TTill flun Gamfl, and he was told eight adults and one child, - the latter still-born. Mr, Smith requested . to be shown where the bodies werbbflried, and he was taken to the corner of a garden about three chains distant from the dwellings, and fenced off with a bush fence/ and at the upper end" of the garden he was shown the graves all fresh filled, ' ...The depths Of the graves are about three feet e&oh;, The pairty returned to the camp, and Rispeotor Smith asked them if they would accept ; assistance, and .they thankfully replied,;" Yes." By this time several of the eomin.nnity ttot had not been seen before arrived/:, as if .from work. .'They eom«- priaed Bfien, boys, and girls. All the young, people' appeared to be healthy. the girls, parttonlarty . so. Their complexion was bright ana fresh, and. their! touatehahces intelligent. The majority of the elder mem bers of the community appeared' to be snf- fering from some malady.' Inspector Smith deaired' to be Inttiodpood to tho propheteaa, ahdto© woman previously desenbod aB one' 9 tne peraoha ih the hut with the dying boy Wto brought forward as that personage. On being interrogated by the: interpreter- in reference to her inspiration, 8ho fell into' one ; of ' her - customary trances. In these tranceB. she saya tho Holy Ghost viaita her, and instracte her how she is to govern the people, Who to. all "appearance religiously . belie vein her. Mr. Smith told the inter- preter to let her know that iinlesa she were out of the trance in less than two minnteahe would have her removed to a lunatic asylum, from whioh plaee she would never get away. This appeared to have the desired effect for she instantly recovered, but put on the emulation of great prostration and. excito- ' menti A deorepitofd man, about 50 years of toe, oamenp to toe interpreter, and told him luat he Would not allow the woman to be interfered With, da she Was in his charge. Inspector Smith aidced in What way ehe was in mil change, and the old man 'replied -that he had adopted her when her father died. Mr. Smith and . the. interpreter took the old feaan 'aaiue, and questioned, him as to the :| R4rel -ooition ojTtoo camp, butnoiibinfl ilSuiDg tirfeEaaraKty w » elicited/ Boto — — a— — n—t— — h— —— — — — w— sexes of the young are smupulously domiciled in separate huts. . This ' "iact desorvos , notoriety,' as- some peraohs bave xirculatod disgraceful rumors couceirning their mode of living.' The propbbtess was tbeu 'told what ; Mr. Beradt tod -said about her guidance of j the people, and Bhe i-eplied .that Mr. Berndt \ was jealous of her power with the people, . and he Wished to- be the chief, and because they would- riot haye him he had. said wioked i thiuga about her, and that they could not | like . him, : ' Mr. Smith then advised hor to < give over her trance buhiuess, and let the : people go' to work. On being asked why i they did not inform the-police of the deaths ' that . hd ocourred amongst them, they, re- plied that they had given notices in German ; to Mr, Berndt, but it. appears lie had neg lected to forward them to thp proper autho- ! rities. They denied having received any money -from Charles Grube! The only money they had' received up to Saturday was : £9 from 'the German 'Association in Ade laide. Hdlf a tori of : florir, with tea, sugar, potatoes, fruit arid medical comforts, havo this morning boon- despatched to the camp,- .which is distant 30 irities from Benalla. Dr. Nioholaoa haa alao- gona out, and when he ! returns there will be further particulars. . ; > : Benalla, 29th November-. Dr. Nicholson was most enthusiastically received at. the Gerrrian colony yesterday, on .his arriving at the Hill Plain oamp about five o'oiock in "the evening. The camp was in a great state of commotion, in conseqneriqe of the arrival of provisions. Dr. Nicholiori states ttot the boy is almost !in the last stage of 'scar vy, ; There is some probability of his recovery, and a: certainty of the speedy recovery of the others affiioted. The doctor had not an interpreter with him, and 'he' consequently labored under soirie! .disadvantage. Great thanks were expressed for the reuof forwarded. The prophetess, .Maria Heller, was having one of her hysteri-. rial fits in the same hut where the sick boy lay. 