A GHOST STOEY. VFH03I OUR COLAC CORRESPONDED.") I November loth. I Those who Lave been accustomed to travel from Geelong to Colac during the past fifteen years will well - remember an unassuming place of rendezvous for travellers about eight miles from Colac kept by an old woman named -Sauny Brown and in vulgar phrase ology termed a half-way house. After ministering to the, wants and humonrs of travellers for many years, Isanny however, "shnfiled off this mortal coil" hut since the occurrence she is said to make nightly visits from spirit land to her old place of residence, much to the annoyance of the nervous temperament of those whose nocturnal jour neys compel them to pass in close proximity to the haunted spot. The last visit made by A'anny and which famishes the subject of my present story was on Friday night last. Five young men were returning fromBirre gumt to Colac in a doable seated trap, when in front of Kaany Brown's residence the horse which was being driven stopped in voluntarily, causing those in the vehicle to look for the cause. Suddenly one or the company exclaimed "'lis that woman in white the horse is afraid of." "Xianny Brown's ghost," exclaimed one of the party, who chums to be of Celtic origin, "Let us sift .-the. matter to the bottom," said the sceptics present jumping from the trap. As they approached the figure in white it re ceded from, the roadside fence where it was at first stationed! One of the party deter mined not to be out-done, got over tire fence to follow this phantom, and immediately came back to his companions in a single bound. The ghost then said in a deep sepul chral tone i— -..I • • : : "Vain mortal approach me not, For thou knowest not .immortal power, Last night I from Hamilton came, To- night X am in my own domain, To-morrow ere the rising sun Deadly work will by me be done, Vain is man but he still must own A power superior to his own." The li'cire is said to have then immediately vanished. The party returned to the trap and arrived shortly after in Colac and now hold different ideas altogether about ghost3 'to what they did formerly, I consider myself there is some mystery abont the affair that requires unravelling. I have no douht whatever that something was seen by the young men but they must have been suffer-* ing if not from an optical, a mental delusion. One of the party who related the story to me said he was perfectly certain everything de scribed was seem The only thing he would hot vouch for was that the ghost's oration might not have been given word for word as ; it was delivered. „ I 