TWO 8TRINGS TO TEr BOW. (From horo Bell,.) Tcs delicate fragrance of hot-house flowers floated through the half-lighted parlours like reminiscences of the "sweoot south breathing upon a bank of violets," althouglh the matter-of-fact almanac stolidly persisted in pointing out December as the month, and the thermometer without stood uncomfort ably near zero. But the vases on either side of the fire-place were filled with roses and heliotrope, fresh from the tropic warmth of conservatories, and a single dazzling japo. nica gleamed, like carved pearl, among the jetty folds of Ella WVardlaw's hair, as she s·tood smiling beside her harp, listening to the regretful farewells of himnt whom the w'orld called her lover. ' Good-by, Ella; I shall come again very soon., . Miss \Vardlaw's heart throbbed high. Charles Forrest had never before called her " Ella; " and she felt triumphantly con scious that her proud beauty and the soduc tive notes of her silver-stringed harp had very nearly brought him to the "proposing point. One or two more such vigorous sieges, and the fortress would he her own. She sank, yawning, on a sofa as the front door closed behind her lover, and clasped her white hands carelessly over her head, the crimson lips apart, and thie veinedl lids drooping over her oyos that were furill of artothserel fire-the very impersonation of a lovely syron, whoso vocation it was to con quer hearts by the score, and carry them about with her as trophies of her coquette lures! " Mrs. Charles Forrest," she repeated to herself-" that doesn't sound so very badly, does it ? particularly as the aforesaid Mrs. Charles Forrest will step into a mansion, a :carriage, and a perfect carcanet of family diamonds! l es, I believe he is safely en trapped, and if I play my cards as well as I can do, the matter will be settled within three days! Heigho! this husband-hunting is a wearisome business attr all, and rather hazardous unless one is very skilful. That reminds me," she added, starting suddenly sp, and throwing off her soft langour as one might lay aside a useless garment, "I must write to Ralph Thornby to-night. If the love- stricken wretch should fulfil his hinted intimation of coming to seeo me, it might possibly be awkward. Poor, dear Ralph! " continued the beauty, with curling lip, as she opened her dainty writing-desk, and selected a sheet of rose-coloured paper, redo lentof some faint Parisian perfume--" what a gallant he was! I really liked the hand some boy; but Charles Forrost is rich, and that must decide matters, for such an extra vagant little body as I am can't live without money. I am sorry, though, that I wrote Ralph that very sentimental letter; but that was when I supposed he was the best in vestment I could make of my precious self. But I'II sprinkle cold water on the flame of his love before the affair becomes any more serious. I wonder," pursued Ella, bitic, the end of her pen thoughtfully, " whetborI must leave off flirting when I'm mar ied to Charles. Ido like this driving thre', or four lovers in hand, I confess; it's splPdid fun Eleven o'olock! can it be possi'5le that it is so' late? I must make hast' and finish this tiresome letter, and then to bed, to dream of diamonds and carriages I , It was nearly twel.' , however, and the 2 ". . ,:'4 bie hoevr Unts tleb fire had burnt very .or before Ella finished the carefullygworesd note, and sealed it 'wlth a fairy-lik', device of entangled initials in pink wat For Ella was exquisitely fase tidious and elaborate in all her doings, even down to 5'ier flirtations. The beautiful volvet-checkd coquette, with her drooping eyelids and voice attuned to the sweetest and softest kIey-one would have thought as she placed that letter on the marble nmantel, that she knew its contents were meant to break the heart of a noble and true-souled man! But patience, Ella Wardlawv-- your day of retribution will arrive yet ! When Charles Forrest descended tihe steps of the Wardlaws' dwelliong and walked down .the lighted stroeet, he felt dizzy and happy, like the voyagor who steers his bark away from the soft, behowildering fragrance of lotus-blossomed isles in the far east. The syron's spell was on him, and yet some warning and watchful pulse, down deep in his heart, keopt beating the old, incompre hensible tune "Beware, beware!" Onward he passed through the noisy tumult of Piccadilly, up Bond-street, until he paused where the brilliant lights from a great hotel threw a line of radiance out to the very middle of the street. "Forrest, my dear follow Ioan it be pos sible that this is you?" suddenly exclaimed a VOiCe. M Loyself and no other, Thornby, for I conclude it is either you or your ghost. But I thought you were safely settled in Cam bridge, studying divinity instead of - "' "Instead of running wild about the country, you were going to say. ButI have granted myself a temporary holiday to-. Pehaw, I can't tell you aboutit here. Come up to my room and we'll have a chat." The delightful little impromptu supper of well-seasoned grills, washed down by Mo. adlle, wasee over, and the two gentlemen were u, miking cigars in front of a bright fire, .when Thornby abruptly plunged into the : :subject which was uppermost in his mind. SCharley, I'm in love! " -:."Yoti are? My dear fellow, so am I!" "I am glad of that, because you can sympathise with me. I have come hero ox pressly to see her and have the day fixed for oulr wedding." " I haven't got quite so far as that! " said Forrest, smiling. "But, Charley, she is the loveliest :: reature that the sun ever shone on-an angel-a divinity -" " Hold on, Ralph-not quite the loveliest, I trust; for the lady whom I worship is alone entitled to that superlative degree of praiso!" You're in love too, my dear boy, so I'll '::exeuse any little symptoms of insanity," re i j,?ied Thurnby, laughing; " but really, if you could see Ella- Stay! I believe I'vn got her picture somewhere about me !" ' He searched eagerly in his pockets, while '"orrest repeated the soft name. "Ella? Why, that is thei name of the young lady whom I admire so muoh; and, ly Jove!" he added, as Thornby unclasped a little vvevt miniature case, and held it towards him, " that is the very face! You don't mean to say you are engaged to " To be sure I m What do you mean? .~ "To be suret X am! What do you mean ? Surely there is some mistake? I can show you her last letter." He drew out the self-same "very senti mental" epistle to which Miss Wardlaw had referred in her unuttered soliloquy. Forrost glanced over it with bewildered eyes, and then biting his white lip until the blood started, took from his own pocket book a prettily-worded note from Ella, which he hlad received that morning. " The handwriting is precisely similar. Ralph, we are both the dupes of an artful, unprincipled girl. This same Ella Ward law, while she is corresponding with you in this impassioned strain, is doing her best to lure me on to a proposal!" "It cannot be," gasped Ralph, feeling as if he wore in a dream. "But I know it to be so! Heavens! what a narrow escape I have had! And you also, Thornby, bshould rejoice at your escape from the wiles of a false- hearted co quette " Still Ralph Thornby repeated, between his clenched teeth "I will not believe it. Ella is truth itself! " "Shall we put it to tile test?" asked For rest, rather indignantly. "Do what you please. I will stake my lifo on her single-mindedness" Forrest took up a pen, and dashed off a hurried proposal in form. "There, I will send this to-morrow morn ing, with a request for an immediate answer. When that answer comes, will you believe its testimony ?" Thornby nodded; but the hand which lay upon Charles Forrest's was cold and damp as marble. "Good-night then, my dear fellow," said Forrest, as he rose to take leave. "I am sorry for you from the very bottom of my heart, for you feel this more deeply that I can do!" But Thornby did not answer-he was gazing absently into the fire. Could it be possible that his worshipped idol was slip ping, slowly but surely, from her high pe destal? Then what remained on earth to trust ? Head and heart both ached sadly that night; but the weariness of travel was nothing to the sick sensation of distrust and apprehension that had taken possession of his mind. Therefore it happened that he was still hanging over his almost untasted breakfast when Charles Forrest was announced by a waiter. " \ell ?" was his greeting. Forrest replied: " I despa'tched my mis sive, and here is the answer. See, the seal is yet unbroken-we peruse iFt together." It was a skilfully-written note of glad ac ceptance. Ella wrote that "she had long loved Mr. Forrest--that her greatest~ha ppiness through life would be to secure his 'contentment," .ith a variety of obearmino little addenda, such as, yesterday, would h ave filled Charles Forrest's heart with rpapture. Now, they were false, isle rhapsodies! "Are you convinced?" was Forrest's simple question, as the letter dropped from his companion's trembling hand. "Iam. It has been a pleasantdream; but I am effectually roused at last. Charley, I have been a fool-a dupe! " "And so have I, Ralph. Just give me that enthusiastic love-letter you showed me last night." " What for?" Charles made no reply; but he took the letter from Thornby's utresisting hand, and folding it with the note of acceptance he had just received, wrote one line on the mar gin "The compliments of Messrs. Thoraby and Forrest "-and enclosed both in one on velope, directed to Mises Wardlaw. "There!" he said quietly. When she receives this, she will see that her carefully arranged plaus are disconcerted. And thenceforward the name of 3)lla Wardlaw was never mentioned between the two friends. Thornby returned a sadder and a wiser man to Cambridge, and Forrest went to France, having very sensibly resolved not even to risk a chance meeting with Flla, whose subtle art he dreaded exceedinglj. Ella Wardlaw was practising a difficult Italian sonata on her harp as the eventful note was handed her. She tore it hurriedly open, and gazed writh wide-open, bewildered eyes upon the en closuros. The next instant they fell from her nerveless fingers-she had fainted, for the first and last time in her life. Years have passed since then. Ralph Thornby is married to a lovely young heiress; Charles Forrost hats a blooming wife and two rosy little girls. But Ella Wardlaw is a hopeless old maid, with not tile faintest chance of a husband. She says she never intended to marry; but we've hoard old maids say that before! 