FRANCE. LOSDOS, July S. In thc Versailles Assembly, the second reading of the Public Powers Bill was carried by 546 votes to 97. (From Vie S. Afc Herald.) ADELAIDE, Joly 2. All the shares in the Eastern Suburban Tramway Corana ny are taken np. The Board ol' Education ejoirnination of ' teachers has conxaicnced ; there are one hun* . dred and twenty competitors. A shock of earthquake was felt at Clarendon yesterday. TheOothcnhnrg CommitteehsveaUottalthe fund, reserving £1000 for fresh claims or sub. Bf quent distribatioB. The total disbursement* amount to £8375 10s. ; the expenses are under £120, which is covered by tho interest allowed by Ihe banks. Wheat is firm at 4s. ld. Thc weather to-day was colder than for many years. THE TOREES STRAIT MAIL. Tlie steamer Singapore left Singapore for Brisbane on Monday, the 28th June. - She has 200 Chinese passengers on board for Cook- town. The steamer Bowen bas arrived from England, and will bring the next mail. ON Saturday, at the Police Court, boforc Mr. F. N. Beddek, .T.P., one drunkard was discharged with a caution. THE usual monthly licensing meeting will be held to-morrow (Tuesday). The names of the magistrates on the roster for attendance are Messrs. S. B. Davis and J. Ferguson. MAILS for Brisbane and intermediate parts, per Lady Young, close this evening, for registered letters at BÍX, newspapers at seven, and ordinary letters at eight o'clock. THE entertainments given by the Austra- lian Bellringers seem to have lost none of , their attractions, judging from the large atten- ' dance at thc Theatre Royal on Saturday last which was the last performance of a short but successful season of six nights ; the back seats being crowded to excess, and the audience both enthusiastic and demon- strative. The programme was opened by Mr. Mitchell on the pianoforte, followed by the Lynch Family playing several popular airs on the hand bells, which were received with marks of delight. Mr. Tom Margette varied the entertainment by singing many comic songs with a style and grace that drew shouts of applause and laughter from bis listeners. The " Last Rose of Summer," a clever duet on thc bells by Messrs. H. Lynch senior and junior, was perhaps the gem of the night, and evoked quite a furore of applause. Thc Chimes, by thc Brothers Lynch, were also rendered in capital style. A Chinese song and dance by Messrs. H., R., and 6. Lynch, drew forth shouts of laughter, and ended the first part of the bill. The second port of the per- formance was quite os successful, and the comic sketch of 'IThe Ghost in a Pawnshop," in which Tom Margette was as UBUal irre- sistibly funny, kept the house in a state of convulsive merriment from beginning to end, and Bent thc audience home delighted with their evening's amusement. To-morrow morn- ing the troupe leave, per Lady Young, for Maryborough and Gympie, where they are sure to meet with their usual success. THE Argus states that applications were made to the Supreme Court on Tuesday for writs of mandamut to compel the Medical Board of Victoria to register Yee Quock Ping and Edwin H. T. Botterill as duly qualified medical practitioners. Yee Quock Ping was represented by Mr. Ireland, and Botterill by Mr. Quinlan. Yee Quock Ping had claimed to be entitled to registration, as bc held a cer- tificate from the College of Doctors in tbe dis- trict of Chung Low, in the empire of China. Botterills diploma was from thc University of Edinburgh, Chicago. The Medical Board was not satisfied with the diploma of either of the applicants, and refused to register them. The applications made were on the ground that the Board ought to have been satisfied with the diplomas. The Court, however, held that the Board had a discretion as to whether they were satisfied with tho evidence of the appli- cants being duly qualified, and therefore re- fused to interfere in either case. IT is comforting to know (says the Burran- gong Argue of June 30) that Frank Gardiner is at present getting an honest livelihood, and does not appear to contemplate visiting the scene of his former exploits. A gentleman, Mr. R. Jewell, known to many of our readers as a sometime resident in Young, but now domiciled in Sacramento, California, writes to friend here to say that he lately paid a visit and had a glass of beer at the saloon in San Francisco kept by Gardiner. The quondam bushranger is described as "doing well, and keeping on the square," and is said to have inquired after the welfare of several persons in the district, amongst them one who was a fellow-confinee of his in Darlinghurst gaol. He is also said to have stated that a young man named Paine, at one time residing at Forbes, and who many years since, was convicted and sentenced for being in possession of some stolen notes, was an innocent sufferer, as he did not know that the notes were stolen. 