The Chinese at the Palmer. The correspondent of the S. M. Herald, writing from Cooktown, gives some information of interest respecting tho influx of Chinese and its probable results. He says : -The several telegrams appearing in your various issues will have served to show that the Chinese immigra- tion had gathered force rather than otherwise, aud even up to the present time tho influx seems rather to gain iu force than to be sta- tionary or retrograde. Latest advices from Hongkong by the E. and A. M. steamship Bris- bane, bIiow that, though a great many Climoso were detained in Hongkong by unreliable tele- grams from Brisbane, still the main promoters of the "rush," viz., tho leading firms ;'i Hong- kong, are still bent on giving emphatic support to tho opinion prevalent amongst all business men hero, that they intend to make Northern Queensland tho field of a largo Asiatic settle- ment. The Brisbane brought nearly 600 Cbineao, and the firm of Kum Chong On and Co., of Cooktown, havo advices of ,'o largo atcaiiier (mime not stated) to arrive inaido il fortnight after the Brisbane'h dote of reporting hero. Tho Btoamer is chartered by tho firm of Kum Chong Tye for passengers and ti full freight of general cargo. Thero are other linus who have advices of ships to arrive ; and Tin War nnd Co., of Sydney, havo sent a member of their firm to Hongkong to arrange for a succession of vessels to Cooktown on special charter, if the " rush " holds guod. Thia gentleman, whu sailed in tho Adria, mado arrangements with a loading firm hero for tho ugoncy of theso vessels, and tiok considerable paiiiB to moko himself ac- quainted with tho advantages and disadvantages of the port, the stato of the marketa, the nuturu aud resources of the gold-fields ; aud waa careful to make many enquiries ns to tho soil, climate, nud certain other mattum that sooni to fully carry out the opinion I havo already expressed, that the promoters of this Chiueso migration have other objects in viow than the merely tem- porary advantage to bo derived from tho gold- fields of tho North. I have refrained from writing much lately concerning this question, as up hero there baa been a great deal of uncertainty ns to tho extent to which we might oxpect this inilux tu reach, but all doubt seems to be Hot at rest by the late nows from Hongkong. Thore aro reported to bo a groat number of Chiueso awaiting moana of transit to this place, and those who know any- thing of the clannish uaturo of thc Chiueso will admit that tho success of ono or a few will cauao the influx of many more. A few Chinamen have roturnod to their homes by tho steamers direct to Hongkong. They took a good deal of gold with them, over 8000oza. ill all. The gold waa pretty evenly divided among them ; and besides this, there luivu boon hugo remittances of apocio. Tho fact of theao exports from Cooktown will be extensively circulated, and will certainly havo tho elfoct of furthering thu Biipposcd views of tho merchants who have mainly caused thia Asiatic descent. There Booma every chanco of thia _ be- coming eventually a populous Chinese Bcltlouient, and certainly thero ia no reason why, if tho Chinese havo fair play and no harsh or restrictive Governmental interference with tho'- entrance into tho colony, tho rich lands around Cooktown and tho many rivers to tho north aud south of it, should not be tho fields whence Australia will at no distant dato draw her supplies of tea and sugar, rico and tobacco, spices and silks, and all tho varied and rich products of a tropical olime. On the rich alluvial flats that at preaent only spread fever and death, we mny yot seo waving fields of re- munerative crops, and seo the tangled scrub disappear and givo placo to a higher mid more remunerative and valuable product. Ono of tho Chiueso merchants very shrewdly remarked to mo thnt all this is not alone tho thoughtless rush of ignorant mon, actuated by tho " auri sacra fames" ? that there aro Hhrow'd and far-floeing men, who hope to turu Northern Queensland into 'Homuthing more profitable than a wilderness with a few hundred white diggora rushing about in it, and n few vost grazing farms, with thu fierce and cowardly natives harassing theso ad- vanced pickets of civilisation. His remarks were, iu his broken English?tho gesticulative accompaniment of which, I buliovo, no actor living or dead could equal?that the Palmer was " welly good place, welly good for Chinaman ; but after a bit no gold, no chop then, not bu good os tell Chinaman along Hongkong. By'm-by, Chinamen como hero, great many ; get him no gold along Palmer, then him welly poor man, then him work for mo, for you, for any man, all the same aa Hongkong. Then China merchant get him great many work along plantation ; grow plenty tea, plenty rice, plenty tobacco, plenty sugar?maybe, plenty opium. Diggings no good then ; plenty Chinaman work plantation. Now Chinaman think him bo welly rich mau along Palmer, he no work at all; by'm-by ho wolly poor, work plenty." In answer to nn enquiry os to whether all his countrymen believed in the accounts of the Palmer, current iu Hong- kong, ho said that " all him poor fellow-China- man believe him ; China merchant not foolish j think him Borne gold there, Boon get him all." The land in many places, close to Cooktown, is admirably adapted for tho growth of many classes of inter- tropical vegetable products. Along tho flat alluvial lands that border tho Annan, tho Endeavor, and thc Daintree, there are many splendid belts of fine Boil, equal, I have been told by competent judges, who ha%'o Been both districts, to anything on the rivera to tho south. Tho reeta may givo employment to a great number, both directly and indirectly, and thu great plaina and Bplondid country in tho district form many a fine station ; but if Cook- town ia to be tho great port of Northern Queens- land, to outstrip all other competitor*, and eventually rival Brisbane, it will take moro than reefs aud gold to enable it to do so. " How docs your brother get on in Now York, Parker?" "Very well, indeed, ma'am, thank you. He'a only there three months, aud he's al- ready boginning to speak tho language beauti- ful !" The ghost of Noah Webster carno to aBpiritunl medium in Alabama, not long Binca, and wrote on a slip of paper, " It is tito times." Noah waa right, but wo aro sorry to seo that he baa gone back on hia dictionary. "Ma," said a five-year-old, "why do pa put hia arm around your waist ?" " What noneenao, child." " Oh, do tell, ma !" " Well, because ho loves mo." " Then pa muBt love Mary." "Why, > my dear!" " I saw pa put his arm around Mary waist one day when I was in tho nursery." Mary has advertised for a situation. A man would have no pleasure in discovering all the beauties of tho universe, even in heaven itself, unless he had a partner to whom he might communicate his joy. These are bustling Times, said John Henry's wife, a< Elie wrapped up one of our papers for erne mysterious use.?Cincinnati 2'imct. ? 