TJIE WITIIDTIAWAI.. Ol' VVBUC MOKJiVV j ' OriKioH of tho Honorable tho Attorney-General on tho legality ol thc-withdrawal ot publio moneys from thc tunk ot New South Wales on thc 23rd April riild 3rd Uny, 1875. ". . , ¿y opinion bi asked by my colleagues as .to whether on thé papers sent herewith there was in the withdrawal hy.thc Colonial Treasurer of two sums cf £150,000 and £100,000 from thc. Bank of Kew Koutli Wales, on thc 23rd April and 3rd May, 187. S, any viol Intioii of any agreement then .subsisting between thc Bank ana thc Government. . . . ,, I There appear to have been a number of ngreemcntr. between tuc Government and the Bunk of New South Wales for the conduct both of thcl-ondon and local bankingbusmess of thc Government 1 have not luid submitted to mc the ono subsisting utthc period of thc minute for thc Executive CounoU,.of date 31st May, 1873; and which according to that minute wonld terminate on-thc 30th of June of. the same year; nor cnn I discover that this document has been "published'in thc Parliamentary papers sent herewith. But the minute referred to is the'one in pursuance ot which twd drafts of agreements were, on thc 2nd June, 1873, laid before thd Executive Council. Both, of these agreements provide that tuc general banking business of thc Government, both in tho colony and in England, is. lo bc conducted by thc Bank of New Soutli Wales. With the latter agreement, which provides for thc placing of funds in London by thc Government in various ways, mid us to thc extent of advances to bc required from thc bank, and reguj lating transfers, I have, as it seems to mc, nothing to do, nor docs it in any way affect this question.' Thc former agreement, which appears to have been thercsul of repeated interviews between thc General Manager ' of the Bank of New South Wales and thc then Colonial Treasurer, hm reference to thc balance« then at tho crcdifof thc Government mut likely for some time to bc so," and by that agreement ¡twos provided among other things thot thc Government might- . 1\. Occasionally overdraw thc public account to thc extent oj. £150,000, snbject to interest at thc rate of 5 per cent, per annum.» 2 When the brlancc nt thc credit of the Oo'vcrnment.occount taken ns a whole,- exceeded £200,000, it should be open to tho Government to 'make a special arrangement with tim bank respecting interest on any snm'in excess of tho sum of £200,000 or failing to moke 6uch special arrangement, the Gdvcmmcn would have thc' right to dispose of their funds In cxccss.of sncl £200,0001n any way more beneficial to the public revenue. This agreement was to lust for three years from thc 1st day ol July, 1873, up to thc 30tli day of Jane, 1870. On the 27th May 1873, thc General Manager of' the.Bank of New South Wales proposed, on the part of that bank, and on thc 2nd June of thc same year thc Colonial Treasurer accepted on thc part of the Government the following arrangement, lt was agreed thatoveç and above tho amount of £200,000 specially arranged for under tbe " Local Account" agreement just referred to, that thc Bank ot New South Wales should foT a period ol twelve months fron} the 1st of July, 1873, td thc 30th Juno, 1874, bc prepared to nllorç interest on the credit balances, as a whole, np to thc. further sum, of £350,000, on these terms :- { 1\. Interest shall be allowed by thc bank on the daily net credit balnnccof thc accounts, os a whole, beyond the £200,000 already; provided for, up to a farther sum of £350,000, at thc rate of 24 per cent, per annum. ¿ 2\. Thc interest shall commence on and from the 10th July next; and continue to thc 30th June, 1874, unless thc 'funds or any pori tion of them arc previously absorbed. 3\. Thc Government may reduce this sum of £350,000, aethcirj engagements require, but any reduction «hall lie considered ii reduction of £50,000, and so on in like proportions. ! ?4. Should thc Government require to reduce this sam byj 50,000, fourteen days' notice shall bc given if thc bank desire it! and whenever £100,000 ono month's notice ; and from thc date ofj such notices interest shall cease on such sums. î 5\. Dnring the currency of this special arrangement for interest)t and for one month thereafter, tho Government shall notavail of its, right under clause 4 of the "Local Account " agreement to dispose of its other ordinary f nnds through other channels',-funds to ba raised through thc contemplated funded stock, loan, or other) special loans, to be independent of this agreement. i lt will bc seen by this agreement of thc Î7th May and 2nd June,' that for twelve months and one month after, that is, until 1st August, 1874, thc Government was. not to avail itself of its right; ander clause 4 of thc " Local Account " agreement, to dispose of its other ordinary funds through other channels. Up to this time,! then, if the Government required to reduce this sum .byj £50,000, they would have to give fourteen days' notice ;¡ if by £100,000, a month's notice. There is in this agrce-¡ ment of 27th May and 2nd June, which expired, as 1 have, said, on 1st August, a distinct provision ns to notice being given to the Dani, and a time specified. Under the '.' Local; Account" ngrecmcnt thc Government might in its discretion (forj in thal sense 1 read the words " it shall be open to thc Govom-j ment") make or not make a special arrangement with the Bank! of New South Wales respecting interest on any sum in cxeess.of! £200,000 ; and if thc Government did not make such arrangement they had thc undoubted right to dispose af their funds in excess; of that sum in any way more beneficial to tho public revenue that is to say, in any way in which thc judgment of thc Trcasurcrj conceived it would be more desirable to dispose of such funds.! For it is not to bc supposed for an instant that the opinion of thc! manager of thc Bank of New Sooth Wales could bc taken to; govern the discretion of the Minister as to the beneficial disposi-i tion of funds belonging to the Government. Thc words " it shall) he open to the Government to make a special arrangement wittq the bank respecting interest on any sam in excess of thc said; £200,000" can, it seems to me, only bc understood1! to mean it shall be optional with thc Govern-' mc nt to do so ; that if thc Government are inclined] to thc adoption of any such course, thc bank will bc prepared toi entertain any proposals of the Government. Tho words " failing) to make such special arrangement " can only mean, in others v. ords, "if thc Government do not make such special arrange-< ment." Any other construction would make thc bunk a party to ¡ thc " failure " of thc Government, and it might be to, thc interest; of thc bank that tbe Government should or should -not fail to\ make such special arrangement. I am of opinion on this portion ' of-the case that thc agreement of 27th May and 2nd June having \ expired left subsisting, nt a date presently to bc mentioned, the; " Local Account agreement" alrcadyjreferred to, and which agree-' mentit is important to bear in mind had only reference to the! sum of £200,000. ' - : * On thc 10th July, 1874, the General Manager of the Bank of; New South Wales refers specially in his letter (which ? being ap-j proved hy the then Colonial Treasurer, became thc agreement of. the 10th July) to thc expiration of the former agreement, and to! the fact that only a sum of £200,000 was- then .specially-provided! for ; and he then proposes, and his proposal is accepted, that :- I 1\. Interest shall be allowed by thc bank on thc daily net credit} balance of thc accounts as a whole, beyond the £200,000 already j provided for, up to a further sum of £080,000, of which sum! £550,000 is to bear interest at the rate ol SJ per cent, per annum, i and £130,000 (which represents Government Savings' Banks de-1 posits invested in funded stock) is to bear interest at tbe rate of 41 per cent, per annum. I 2\. The mterest shall commence on and from tho 1st day of July j last past, and shall continue up to thc 30th June, 1875, unless UiV funds, or any portion of them, are previously absorbed. ! 3\. The Government may reduce this sum of £880,000 a« their! engagements require, but any reduction shall bc considered u' reduction of £50,000, and so on in like proportion. 4\. In thc event of a reduction of £50,000 or more from thc sum of £080,000 by thc operation of clause 3, thc amount withdrawn from interest shall bo a portion of that bearing 3¿ per cent., so long as thc balancent the credit of the Funded Stock Account shall not fall below £130,000. 5\. Should the Government require .to reduce this sum of £CSO,000 hy £50,000, fourteen dnyB' notice shall be given, if the bank desire it, nnd whenever £100,000,. ono month's notice, and from thc dntc of such notice interest shall cease on such sums. 0\. should the aggregate funds at thc credit of the Government nt any time exceed thc sum of £880,000, the Government is at liberty to dispose of-such surplus funds os it .pleases, but it is understoodjthat the Treasurer will consult the General Manragcr before deciding upon any removal of same. 7\. Funds to be raised through the funded stock loon or other special loans, to bc independent of lids agreement. lt will be seen in this agreement that.with reference to certain sums, and up to a certain amount, notices of fourteen days and one month arc required ; but that whenever thc uggregatc sums nt thc credit of the Government exceed the sum of £880,000 the Government is not bound by express terms to give any notice. There is not only no repetition in clause.0 of thc language used in clause 5, but language of an altogether different character Is cm ployed. Nothing can be more vague and likely to tend to misunder- standing than, in thc first placo, to provide that something is not expressed but is "understood." But suppose that .thc forced construction is to bc placed upon the word " understood," that it was intended to be " agreed,"-the next question is what was ngrccdl Was thc Treasurer bound to give any "notice" of re- moval of any sum beyond the sum of £880,000 J I nm clearly of opinion that thc words " consult the general manager before de- ciding upon any removnl ot same " did not mean that thc manager was entitled to thc notice expressly provided for in section 4 of thc original agreement of 27th May and 2nd June ; and in section 5 of thc agreement of 10th July, 1874.. In this view I nm not only helped to a conclusion by the absence ot any positive lunguagc providing for . even one hour's notice ; hut I am assisted by thc express provisions as to notice, under other circumstances, between the same parties ; and this seems to me to bc one of thc class of cases in which the actions of thc parties previous to or contemporaneous with the agreement (in order to show their intention or explain their iigrccnient by directing its application} may, in accordance with an ordinary rule of construction, bc fairly considered. Both pre- viously nnd contemporaneously-in a former agreement and in this very agreement-the bank had stipulated up'to a-certain sum for distinct und positive notices as to reductions. In this par- ticular clnuso in thc agreement of 10th July, 1874, all that the Treusurcr is "understood" to do is to " consult " the manager. I nm of opinion that when tho Treasurer was aware, as bc was on the I2th of Apriljthat there was at the credit of theGovcrnmcnt ot thc Bnnk of New South Wales thc sum of £1,511,022, or £031,022 more than the £880.000 referred to In clause 0 of thc agree- ment of 10th July, 1874, he wis at liberty to dispose of the whole of that sum of £G31,022, on inviting the general manager of the hunk to a consultation ; at which consultation it was quito open to thc Treasurer to have accepted suggestions or declined them, entertained propositions or made them, taken or rejected the advice of thc general manager. To hold anything else would, it seems to mc, bc to confer upon thc mnnngcr of thc Bank of New South Wales the power to retain in his hands, without the payment of a farthing of interest, moro than half a million of money until he was pleased to determine what notice of its withdrawal he was entitled to receive. And this would clearly bc thc rose unless tho invitation " to consult " incant (at thc discretion pf thc Treasurer) notice to withdraw. This would bc, in thc absence of specific provisions to this effect, nn interpretation of tho ngrecmcnt contrary to law, which placen , thc public moneys, with certain restrictions, under tho ' coutrol of the, Treasurer; and - even if tho words in this : particular clause of this agreement were susceptible ot two tenses-one ngrccable to, and tho other against, law -the former sense must be adopted, for magh de hom quam de malo lex intendit. I would observe in passing, that 1 j am of opinion that any agreement wldch would ..ave tho effect of . dividing thc responsibility of tho Treasurer in Ids official duties ; with a perfectly irresponsible person to thc public, Buch as a bank I manager, would bc a contract prejudicial to the interests of the ; public, and being a contract against public policy, would be ; therefore void. t I know of no special mercantile interpretation which can be ; placed upon the word " consult," or that it bas among bankers a ¡ particular sensea distinct from tho popular sense of thc same j word. It it has not this sifmification it is to bo understood i occoiding to all known rules of construction in its plain, ordinary, and popular sense ; for the meaning to bc put on a contract . is that which is thc plain, clear, and obvious result of thc terms j used therein. If, indeed, the context evidently points out 1 that thc word must be in thc particular instance, and ¿in order to effectuate the immediate intention of thc ; pnrtics to Ihc contract, understood in some other special \- sense (as, for example, in the sense of notice), then- that special , meaning will bc given to the word. But in tb¡B case it is used ns f n special departure from the words in the context, which ure cm j ployed for the purpose of requiring from the Treasurer thc notice I for thc reduction of all sums below £880,000. , If any notice what / ever was required, beyond the intimation of the mtention of the j Treasurer nt this consultation, it should have been specially nro j vided for itt thc Instrument itself. . J 1 1.. 1 nm mable to gather from thc contents of this ngrecmcnt that j there is anything to show that this word wus used in any other ' than it? most comprehensive popular sense, and therefore it would I be a violation of a well-known rule of law (which provides that :tlie construction shall bc liberal, unless there is something to ,sliow that it wasmcanttobccontlncd),to interpret that "eontul . tatton with the general manager of thc bank meant that he wa» to ; haye either fourteen days' notice, or a months's notice, or any other, notice to which in his judgment lie believed himself to be entitled. At thc time he was invited to " consult," his bank nos ^^TTcy'iT0i thc G?T'nmcnt without interest to thc extent ol ¿631,622. I do not think it can bc contended that thc Colonial ;^v^rRr^î8-S?m,dtopJ,cnnlt the Bcneral; manager of the Bank ?S«¿! X. «h ^ a.lcsi. a Tn&uo; phrasc of this k»nd, ta intcr ,'^wif.',on «f.vthc p°\eTwt ta providing at any time for £b« dj6p«euon of them fund« in any way which the Government .».«lil ISMUW U kf kstScial fe Un i«m* »nínu£ j¿ ' further of opinion, that tlïcUth 'eJanse of Hie local aeconn agreement (even ii that agreement is not superseded in thi.<l particular by tho agreement of loth July, 1371) cannot at alf affect tho question. It was quite discretionary with the Government under that agreement (and intno sense obligatory upon thom) to make a special arrangement ' with thc bank respecting interest on any sum in CXCCSSTOC £200,600. . Jf they made no such arrangement, they had' tho right . to dispose of ony "fluids in excess of such £200,1100 in any mr more beneficial to the piiblic revenue. Of this the Colonial Trcu' surer was, by virtue of his oflico und of his responsibility, to be' j tho sole judge. He could not dclcfpitc such responsibility to any i honk manngcr. rte, it seems to me, and bc alone, must bc the ¡ judge of how thc public moneys arc to bc invested for thc imbil« benefit. *. . I I nm, for all these rrasons, of opinion that the withdrawal of the two sums of money from thc.Itank of New South Wales by the Jhequcs of tho Colonial Treasurer, on thc 23rd of April and on th« . 3rd of May of this year, was no violation of any agreement then subsisting between thc Government and the bank in question which affected in any way tile ordinary legal relation of bankers v and their customers, which is held to bc that money deposited ii« lac bunds of hankers in their .ordioory.courje of business Ss monty th tli°i ker 7 tho neposltor with a supcradded obugatSm . WÍÍ,LTA« BEBB DALLKT, Attoincy-OcBcrui. Crown Law Offices, !Hth June, 1875. BETÏXWBPER from thc Public Account ta thc Dank ot New flojtfc Wales ot £150,000 to thc Oriental Bank, and of £100,0001« '. thc aty Bank, without thc Governor's warrant. Case for the opinion of the Honorable thc Attorney-General. On thc'21st of DcccmbcT, 1870, thc Bank of New South Wales was notified in thc Governmcnt Omette, by apportaient of Excellency the Governor, with the advice of thc Executer. Conanen" tVc Government Bank of Deposit within the maning ot thc Audit Act of 1870, and the Public Account has from that flm» been kCpt in that institution. , ."_" , . On the lOth .ultimo: thc Oriental Bank, and on thc 30th nltlmo thc City Bank, respectively,. were, under the authority of .tte Governor and Executive Council, constituted banks in which ta« public moneys might be kept. . _,,"""" ,_? 1 On thc 23rd April à cheque for £150,000 was aTT J^*}1* public account in the Bank of New South Wales, and deposited,!* thOn^hc^rt "instant a cheque for £100.000 wns drawn »ptef thc same account, and deposited in the City Bank and in bout tases without tho Governor's warrant. - In view of the provisions bf clauses 10 to 13 of the Audit Aet, £ have to request thc opinion of thc Honorable thc Attorney General, whether thc »public account" in the Bunk of*"' South Wales, can bc legally touched without thc Governors; warrant. c. BOI.IKSTO.V, Auditor-General. Deportment of Audit, 10th Way, 1875. Opinion of thc nónorable the Attorney-General, furnished to thé Anditor-Gbncrol, on thc transfer from thc public aeeonnu» thc Bank of New South Wales of £150,1100 to the Orientai ... Bank, and £100,000 to the City Bank, on the 23rd April awl 3rd May respectively-in both cases without the Oovcroor!« warrant. . . , "? The question submited by 'the Auditor-General for my opnuon, . is substantially whether there was any legal authority for dis- pensing with the .-Warrant of his Excellency the Governor,,>ia carrving out thc arrangements of the Government, constitutum; - thc "Orienta! Bank Corporation and the City Bank, banks ,n» which the public moneys might be kept, by drawing cheques upon, thc public uccount in thc Bank of New South Wales for £ lSv.ooo. to be deposited in the Oriental Bank, and £100,000 to be deposite* in the City Bink-without thc Governor's warnuit.in either «aje. Of thc power of thc Governor, with the advice of thc Executive Council, to make any bank n bank into which all sums of money collected or received on account of thc revenue may bc paid by " public accountants," there can he no question. Myattcntloa wul therefore be confined to the legal mode of regulating th* issues from such banks, and particularly to the question directly involved in this transfer of portions of thc puhhe account fro» the Bank of New South Wales to the Oriental and the City Banks« By tho 11th section, S3 Vic. No. 18 (an Act to regulate tba receipt, custody, and issue of thc public moneys, and to provide) for thc audit of thc public accounts), it is provided that all money« ; paid into a bank in which the public account is kept, shall tm deemed to bc money lent by her Majesty to the person or persons to whom such bank may belong, and thc mode of drawing sueU moneys from such account is thus regulated. . The Colonial Treasurer, as often as occasion may require, is>« calculate the amount of moneys likely to become due and payable: out of the amount during a period not exceeding one roontbi next after thc calculation. Having done this, bc is to prepara an instrument (vide schedule Î, containing blank form of war- rant), setting forth the amount, clawifyng it and arranginc rt (if for thc Public Service) under thc same divisions and heads that shall have been employed in the appropriation thereof, or stathief (if not for the Public Service) thc purpose for which it is payable. Thus in the blank form alluded to there ia a column for scrvicos payable ont of the Consolidated Kevenuc Fund, with thc head af appropriation, and a column for services payable, out of thei Trust Fund with thc purpose for which thc services ore Jwyabte. Ahd there is a column for the amount of these services. This instrument, signed by thc Treasurer, transmitted to tb» Auditor-General, countersigned by him and approved by the Governor is thc warant on which thc Treasurer issues his drafts or cheques upon the public account, , and which drafts oe cheques authorise thc bank in which thc public account is kept to debit such public account with thc amounts mentioned thereto. By section 12 it is thc duty of thc Auditor-General ta ascertain that tho sums mentioned in this instrument are at thc time legally available for, and applicable to, the -service or purpose mentioned in thc instrument-before he countersigns it and returns it to th« Treasurer. And it is not submitted to bis Excellency the Govcv nor, for bis approval and "signature, until it hos been so signed and countersigned. This is thc course prescribed under section* ll, 12, and 13, to which my, attention hos been specially directed . by the Auditor-General. I shall now proceed to examine whether this transfer of accounts could in any way be- regulated by tbes« sections:-. ?> In the hrst place there could bono occasion for thc Treasurer to calculate thc amount of moneys likely to become due aOd payable out of the account during tho monthly period to which, such calculation is limited : for, as I understand, these deposits were to bc of a permanent character ; or at all events were to be lent to'tho banksfora period of - twelve months. Nor could h« classify and arrange thc accounts under thc divisions and heads of appropriation for the Public Service, inasmuch as no, »neb, appropriation had. been ,mndo fdr any services and purpose« . either out of the Consolidated Revenue' Fund or the .Trust Fund. The intervention of the Auditor-General was consequently 'altogether unncccsary ; for bis intervention is only required for the protection of the public moneys, and of his Excellency tho Governor tn giving his authority to the Treasurer to issue ont of, thc Public occount thc amounts set forth in his Excellency's warrant-and euch protection ¡R afforded hythe Auditor-General's ascertaining that the sums mentioned in thc warrant are legally available for and applicable to tho service or purpose mentioned in thc instrument. As these deposit* were 'made, I presume, solely with thc object of leaving the public rooneys to frucury'ia these banks until the period for their issue had nrrivcd^nstbe ? balance of the Public account was in no way diminished, by the transfer-ns there were to bc neither payments, nor sums duo'and payable to be calculated, nor- appropriations of any kind to be made out of the6C amounts^l am of opiidon the warrant of his Excellency , the Governor as provided for in section ll of tho ; " Audit Act" wns not required. . ) I have ascertained that this is not the first time this,question hasarisen; thot on thc itk September, 1872, a sum of £11,683 Os. i 3d. was transferred from the public account in this colony lo th« " public account" in London for the purpose of covering pay I ments made by tho London Branch of thc Bank of New South, i Wales on account of the Government-that on the 5th September: . of thc some year a sum pf £50,000 was transferred for thc pur. : chase of silver coin-that on the 28th December, 1872, a sum ot £20,000 was transferred for thc purpose of covering, payments tie ' bc made by that bank-and that 0.1 the 23rd January, 1873, u sum i oÇ£500,000 was remitted to. England from thc public account in Sydney to thc Government account with the Bink of Now South. Wales, London. I have alto ascertained that on all these occasions these trans- fers from tlds colony to England were made without thc warrant of his, Excellency the Governor. While it may be said that in these coses the money was not changed from one bank to another-and it may be contended that thc London Branch of the Bnnk of New South Wales is as much. .' the bunk as thc head office in Sydney-it Ls manifest that the issues from thc Public Account in London coidd not bc regulated by thc strict observance of scctions'll and 19 of the Audit Act. This difficulty appears to have been felt by one of my predc«c»> sors (Mr. Attorney-General Butler), and by thc preceding Admin- istration which framed regulations intended to meet this state ol I things ; thc second of which is, in my ooinion, inconsistent wita, thc Act itself. ' : But whether this is so or not, if any sums of money can be transferred without thc Governor's warrant from a bank ia Sydney to a bank in London, which cannot possibly pay any public moneys becoming due and payable within one month after the Treasurer's calculation,tami which cannot deliver daily to the Treasurer and Auditor- General a " bank-sboct," surely such sums can be transferred from one bank to another herc, where all th« requirements of the Act can bc observed. In my opinion therefore the warrant, as I have already said, was not required. WILLIAM BEHR DAILEY, Attorney-General. - Crown Law Offices, 13th May, 1875. ; Let n copy of this opinion bc forwarded to thc Auditor-General and another to the Colonial Treasurer.-W.B.D., 15-5-75. g= ' ' ' - ' 1 TUB KINO OF SIAM.-The Times 0/India, of May 28, says :-As regards the administration of his country, the young Sovereign of- Siam is showing himself' a model king. A new code is being prepared on the ? basis of our law ; the police have been put on a more : efficient footing, and dacoity is being met by vigorous. action; Iiis Majesty takes his seat in office daily at i ll, and seldom leaves before 6. Everything relating; to the improvement of the country passes thrpugh hia '. hands, and he frequently drafts documents, and writes j the notes, asking questions of, and conveying order* j to, his ministers.and governors.] ' PENALTIES m BANGKOK.-The following details, saysi j an Indian paper, relate to theordinary legal executions at j Bangkok, Siam: The culprits were four: an mcericliary, ¡ sentenced to have his hand cut off; a murderer, to be ¡ ripped open ; the third, a political oll'ender, to be der livered to wild beasts ; and the fourth a blasphemer, to have his head burnt off. The executioners made full ; speed, grinding thc axes and sabres, dressing the fur innce, and pf eparing the bellows. The'incendiary came' lirst and tendered his- wrist, and his hand immediately was seen flying in the air. Thismutilatioa j did not seem to affect him much; for he went amongst' j the crowd to witness the following executions. Tho ; murderer next takes a seaton a stone, and whilst j tiley are cutting into his abdomen he keeps biting à ¡banana; the sufferer is then seen to gnash his teeth,' lund, under horrible convulsions, loses the banana and isinka to rise no more. Thc traitor to the King roean iwhile is looking down a den speaking to the tigers,' y aud recommending them to sharpen their appetites.; ¡The executioners seize him, pass a rope under'' "(Iiis , arms,, and lower him slowly' into the ^horrible hole, after which they slowly draw the' irope up. Then we hear, says M., Caulnens, ait ! eye-witness, something like mullled .crepitation; from (time to time ahuman form is seen jerked up; the' ¡breaking of the skull and the thigh bones is distin jguishable. The- wild beasts are roaring all the time, . 'but no human cry is audible. As for the sacrilegious 'criminal^the executioners tied him on a plank, and placed Iiis head between two coal-pans. They then work_ the .bellows and direct jets of Hame on the culprit's head, who continues singing what is sup- posed to be on impious or "blasphemous song. His temples are blistering under the dnrts of fire, and yet he continues his psalmody. Meanwhile hi» body writhe* in awful ccnvuleioris, his eyes arc bleeding, ; his bones crackling, and he finally gives up the ghost .TriÄfticwfuljeU, 