GRANT AND POLWARTH CLUB. Fibst Day — Thursday, 1st July. "ihe Grant and Polwarth All-aoed Stakes, for 16 all-aged- greyhounds. Winner, plate, value thirty guineas ; and a silver cup, presented by the Btewards. Eunner-up, fifteen guineas : two dogs, £4 each ; four dogs, £2 each. ' . Lord Raglan "- beat John o' Groat Bella - „ Brilliant Jupiter „ Duke Lucerne „ Hamlet Himbo „ Arrow Lady „ Leo Biot „ Latfra. ' The first pair of dogs placed in the slips were John O'Groat and Lord Raglan. Tho former led up and.raced tho hare for a great distance before he turned. Eaglan then got in, and some pretty exchanges took plaice in a long and severe run, which eventually resulted in a victory for Lord Eaglan and a kilL Brilliant led Bella three lengths ' in tho run up. Jupiter led Duke up any number of lengths, and, reaching her hare first, put in some good work, and gained too much advantage to be worked out by the Duke, who got. in once on sufferance at the end of the trial. Lucerne and Hamlet were despatched from a close, slip to a fine hare. The former showed great foot, leading, turning, and giving her opponent not the ghost of a show. When the hare favored Lucerne sho gave Hamlet the go-bye, and won a long course during which Bhe knocked her hare about a good deal, Kimbo . in a short trial led up, and Was first to the hare, which he wrenched and turned, the hare favoring Arrow. Kiraho speedily made iip the lost ground, and going on the outside, showed that Arrow had been incorrectly named, for he gave her the go- bye.and knocked about the haro very smartly, returning himself an easy winner. Leo got tho lead from the Blips from Lady, whom he led three lengths up to the haro and scored two turns. Lady then got in, and taking undisputed possession of puss, ran her out of sight, and won a pretty course, with points in hand. Perhaps the best ..course of the day en sued between Eiot and Laura. Both dogs wero sent away on very even terms after a very good hare, who went straight for the hill-top among -the stones. Eiot got in first and turned, did- some nice work, dusted puss about vory cleverly, and, showing superior working power, woundup a. one-sided gruelling trial with a clever kill. The" weather was all that could be desired, and, considering that the coursing took place at the Anakies, about seventeen miles distant from Gee- long, there was .& very good attendance. Tho only drawback to the day's sport was the scarcity, of hares, there being only seven courses got through during the . day. In the early part of the day's beating ' four . courses took place, and it was expected that the Stakes would bo easily finished, but owing to some strange perversity on the part, of the stewards they left the locality when they were doing very well, and journeyed to other paddocks where hares were not. The base of the -big Anakie-hill was reached, .and every paddock at its base ransacked with the .unsatisfactory result of one course being obtained, .and dark ness settings in the field made for Geelong, which was reached about Mf-past seven, o'clock, Mr. Gardiner noted as judge, and gave satisfac tion to all but Mr, J . J. Buckland, who contended that his dog was unsighted in his course with' Jupiter ; and the judge, on being asked to give an account of the trial, informed the irate dog- owner that his nomination never h'ada.ghost of a show in the hunt from the- start. Dick Banner handled the greyhounds in his usual artistio manner, but the management of the field andthefourstraggling beaters were not at all up to the mark, 