THE DESTI TUT ION OF GERMAN IMMIGRANTS. /From the Corr.spondentof the A orl Betaxlo, 28th November. imessea ot an useless matter, the following are the particulars connected with the official visit to the dis tressed Germans at Yarrawonga Inspector A. B. Smith, accompanied by an fwUajsHre.Mtltenalla on Friday evening, arriving at Devmfeh at ehrven o'clock pxn-,. rod after trevcffitegaB rfght tbeT arrived at the Cocked Bat Camp about efr o'doek no Eaiurdav marling. anas uk luey puuub » us am German camp, about a quxrtre of a write fbs.Tit This camp is situated in BooryCked; and has a number cf fine waterhoies. The camp consists of four bark huts, used s dwellirigs, and two bark sheds used lor cooking and other purposes. There are three families living in the CbckedDailCUBjp, In aOteapsijfle three bring males end seven females . There are two vary eld men, one a carpenter, aged 65, and a caddler about rim fame age'; Die Giddier was away at the Dookk fljur-uaDs, trying to obtain One bags of fiovr oc credit. The motors were veeavsd with great kind ness, and Inspector Smith, wasted by Mr Myfee, the interpreter, explained 'the object of their visit Da physical condition of the people bare appeared to la as good as that of the ordinary peasant Seven are aged; one is a yonvg woman about twenty-one, there is a boy about six, and the otbevagiri abont two yeara sli The lasteuuned three looked remstkaHv beaHhy and stating, (bowing no marka rf starvation. Amongst other questions the eld man (the car penter) was add - who induced Hem to came to this country, and bis rejij wis that God had called them and they were bound to come. The huts were then inspected, and everything appeared dean and well -conditioned. There were plenty of furniture and bedding, all Ireogbtiiucn home. In onerf to coefcfagtodsaB old woman vraa preparing faodcceitottegrf vmto- tatdea and fioar. Inspector Smith aaked tbcai what prosiecte they bad for the fntea. They rocKed tot they bad between the two camps 800 acaaa of boa relnrted, and lwfl tWryenr60acresof wheat crop, and if they could rub along till Mm harvest vraa gathered, tbcv could get on far the remainder rf to year. It was explained that the two camps were on the ooca- mcmstie arrangement. Betngaikedhowtoy mmaged to get the crop in. they stated thit when ttey arrived fn .Mrihourae (heybtmgbt a araggua, drmj.plondi, and other farmfcg jmplemrrtB.'and two horses, bet they vrare eoemcBedto sell Or hotsea and dray to Qari Brendfe raan fre £5 each, er £15 tor the lot, wtndj it aeexns (bey expended fn, food fior the benefit dflhe isr»mtm»iHj. Inspecby Gmetk ptendsed'tham , relief, and a .sndlB - of gtednwm waa obserraMe upon aB around. The tntnectar then preceedei to Mr Csrl Brendt's farn three ndles dietant. TTdsis'tbe Mr » diaries Burns" referred to in the letter to the Germaa ctmsnl. Berndt lwb cf the many acts of kiadnese he bad done tor Mw peopte of the other camp, whsre the great distress eadstei, and that they would not be gmded by Inm; sobebadnsw' ghvntbem tos fiar ware completely pdded by a woman whom Gay believed to be inqaral by the Holy Ghoek Ooerf the maaraamty.a mareied man, lhwtfXr8aaite,aaiagdB'uaUatedL Mr Berndt was fntemgated abort the horeea fnddrwy Ida man had bought teem the peefdert OeCodcad Hat Camp, and he rexffiedthrt the drey was not worth £S,andt&atfaeliad; bcreght itef hisaan. The drey was shown, end Mr Goghill wined ft at about £12 at the lowest Ultimate- The horses were nt < predaoed. The othor camp, "HH! FJain Gamp,1' is two and a 1—11 miles distant team Mr BemdFs, and be was aabd to aucompany the party to the place; brtbe uriijuhe would not unless be wasynd for it, as he bad faemo aoaafi than already liyjffirea. Htwrerer, heat tell fteianaliiltogu.betegrwiaaliil.iiattofacfait the good riareehe had abnadygatendfor Ida erertioaa in GairbehaS, and seeing thrtsneoor was at hand. The party then started for ttae camp, which ocmsirte of ten and contains abort forty people, mosHy wanes anA riiilflms The interpreter, as before, ex- risined the object of the Tirih The bat thrt attracted the aftwiiwai of the party was something covered over with an old tarpaulin, and re euqrti they were infocmed that Et was a coffin ready to re ceive the body of a bay abort twelve years of age, who was lying in a dying state in an adkimagbrt. Inspector Smith enquired which brt tteTboywis in, aid on Ba bring pointed out Mm party entered widmut any cersnocy, and an appaffing eight met their view. Ljiag on a kind of bed, within 4 feet of a bUangfire, lay the emaciated funu of what appeared to have been a fine inteUigent boy of abort fonrtee years of age. At a table is the same hut, faring the door, sat a man and woman, both engaged sewing a piece of print. The mac kicked as if he had recently recovered from The female was abort twenty-five years old, 4 ted 6 inches high, with a most repulsive face, having high cheek bones, a peg nose, roach black bair, and sunken eyes. She took no nettee of the infrosum. They uncovered the bov, and a most disfaesrihg spectacle met them. His legs, feet, and body wae swoBen to monstrous proportions, and the din was in a neglected state as to cleanli ness. The pvond fiesh from the upper gums extend ad over tite teeth, and the whde ooneSan of the eaffoer indicated Ecarrv. By this time a crowd had gathered round the hut, and ce inquiring what nourishmeutthc bay was getting, his mouierrqdiod that ail they had was fioar and vegeteWon The remain vrhirb the rick boy lay contained the other body. They then pro ceeded to examine the other bats. In the adjmning but ley an old man, about sixty- seven years of age. His mouth was in the same condition as the boy's, brt the disease had not made quite audi great pro gress. The whole of the hrts aipaued as dean as they could be made. Inspector Smith inquired how many had died since they arrived at the BUI Plain damn, and he was told eight adults and one child, tla? latter still-bore. Mr Smith requested to he shown where the bodies were buried, and he was taken to the corner of a garden, abort three chains distent from the dweffingE, and fenced off with a bosh fence, and at the upper end of the garden be was shown the gravss, all fresh fifted. The depths of the graves are about 3 feet each. The party returned to the camp, and Inspector Smith asked there if they would accept aneirtiTur, and they thankfully replied -Toe. By this timo several of the cornmmjity that had not been seen before arrived, as if from work. They oomprised men. boys, and girls. AH the young people appeared to be healthy, the giris pertienlariy sa Their complexion was bright and freshT and their countenances intelligent The majority of the elder members of the community appeared to be suffering from some malady. Inspector Smith desired to be introduced to the prophetess, and the woman pre viously described as o:e of the persons in the hut with the dying box was brought forward as that personage. On being interrogated by the interpreter in reference to her inspiration, she fell into one of her customary trances. In these trances she says the Holy Ghost visits her, sad instructs her bona stois.to govern, the people, who to all appearance refigirrogly believe in Sue. Mx Smith told the iatetaoter fe let her know that nakas rtwvrere out Oi the tinned in less then two minutes he would have ber removed to a lunatic asyhrm, from which place she would never get away. This appeared to fan the desired effect, fear she instantly recovered, but put on the simulation of great prostration and excitement A decrepit eld men, about fifty years of age, came up to the interpreter, and told turn he would not allow the woman to be interfered with, ae she waa in his chirge. Inspector Smith asked in what way she was in his charge, and the old man replied that he had adopted her when her father died. Mr Smith and the interpreter took the da man aside, and questioned him as tothe morel condition of the camp, but nothing tending to immo- lality was eSriied- Both sexes of the young are BcrnpuJoody domiciled hi separate hrts. This fact deserves notoriety, as some persons have cir culated disgraceful rumors concerning their mode of living. The prophetess was then told whet Mr Bern lit had said about ber guidance of the people, and she replied that Mr Berndt was jealous of her power with the people, and he wished to be the chief, and because they would not bare liim be had said wicked things about her, and that tbey could not Htw him. Mr Smith then advised her to give over her trance business, and let the people go to work. On being asked why they did not inform the police of the deaths that had occnrred amongst them, they replied that they had given nodees in German to Mr Berndt. bat it appears be bad neglected to forward them to the proper authorities. Theydenied laving received any money from Claries Grnbe. The only money tbey lad received np to Saturday was £S from tbs German Association in Adelaide. Half e t:n of four, with taa, sugar, pofetoes, fruit, and medical comforts, have this morning been despatched to the camp, which is distant thirty miles from Benslla. Dr Nicholson has also gone out. and when he returns then: will be further par ticulars. 