T i I E IMTCVWN 1jA1 ) V. j" Pv MM. Cash a. Holy. 1 IX TWO PARTS.— PART IL ! Cii.\rn::: II. I TWn.iTU.NP'mT. Tin: Christmas festivities at Burn'mm O.tslle ! were rn a splendid scale, and eminently . successful. Guests staying in the house, and j those who came to the. long succession of ; dinner-parties, were alike gratified. Public ' opinion was decidedly in favour of La iy j ll'.iriiham. Sir Cecil M-m-o f. und an unani mous (Mnsint am-uig the gentlemen to his j pn.po? ii ion that l.r'y Ilurnhnin was "a | stunner.'' an I she n a progress in the favour 1 of all, with tho exception i f the Countess and Lady Hlaiiche. With the former she made no way, nn I the bitter regarded, her. from the far removed level of her own sanctity, as an objectionable person, who was fortuuatelv rich. L.-rd M.iries,iale> "took to" his daughter-in-law even more decidedly than he had douo in the summer, and his wife had sufficient sense not to desire that her own prrjudico should be shared by others. Hut that prejudice remained unshaken. The Countess had not been well I a te I y, had been " tievvous, ' and so gave way to it, and brooded : over the unpleasant association of ideas which 1 find established itself in her miud with Lady ; Burnham's presence. Tho unconscious Adeline 1 was obnoxious to her ladyship for another reason, in addition to her likeness to the wicked and beautiful French Countess — her j lamentable reiigion, aud her " independent i ways which latter, though Lady Marlosdalo | did not even theoretically object to 'pvido as i manifested by persons of condition, were I especially unpleasant when they became tho | medium of expressing entire ' though scrn- pnlou.sl.v-polite indifference to the magnificent mother-in-law who did not happen to like her. Adeline would have been glad if she had liked her — as she did not it was a pity ; but that was all about it. The matter cost Lady Burnham few regre ts, and she had not again mentioned it to her husband. L'ut sbo had not the least notion that Lady Marlosdale chose to resent the fact that there was not as. yet any prospect of nn heir as a grievance ; and tbnr, in some extraordinary conglomera tion of prejudice and dislike, she cherished an Jdeu that it was all the fault of Adeline's being a foreigner. Respectable Christian women, who belonged to county families nod valued their privileges properly, stayrd at home, aud lintl children decorously and duly : but of co trse these Haunting foreign women cared only for their pleasures, and wero incapable, of making any sacrifice to duty or to health. This when her daughter-in-law was making herself agreeable with all her might to Lady Mnrlcsdale's guests', and when she was the very picture ot blooming, radiant health. The truth was, Lady Marlexdale remembered tho .superstition concerning a second foreign marriage in the llaby family, and she allowed it — half ashamed of herself for doing so the while — to prey upon her mind. Lord Burnham was very busy. There was little doubt that lie would he the successful candidate when tho next election for the county should take place, iris wife did not miss him so much during the long hours of the day as she hml done immediately after their return to Burnham Castle. She was pro- occupied about something which evidently amused and interested her. The mainzell associated hut little, for many days after that unexpected journey of hers to London, with the other servants, and on tho rare occasions when she did make her appearance, she was at once inquisitive and reticent — reticent about herself and| her lady, inquisitive about tho family history, and especial ly about the family ghost. The infidelity of foreigners, in every station of life, was too well known, too thoroughly understood, among tho servants at Burnham, to admit of their feeling, any surprise when the mainsail announced — on be ing told the story of the Brown Lady, with many amendments and additions — that she did not believe in ghosts, that she never had believed in them, and never should, unless she should happen to see one, which she did not think at all likely. The servants'-hall com pany could not agree with her; nothing would surprise them less than that she should see (he ghos.t ; the identical Brown Lady herself; their private opinion being that, as a foreigner, she might appear to a foreigner ; which of course no English-horn ghost of good family would condescend to do. The mainzell heard this flattering prophecy with a sneer, and thus provoked the indignation of tho servants, who prized the Burnhani ghost as the most ancient as well as the most interesting in tho county. ##nn" The party assembled at Burnhnm for the celebration of the good old festival of Twelfth- night was unusually numerous and lively. It included many young people — for whom the attractions of drawiugj the king, snap-dragon, and dancing were provided — the staying com- pany in the house, and some officers, friends of Sir Cecil Morse and Captain Crawford, who had thought it well worth their while, to run nji from Portsmouth for a few days; not a little incited thereto by Sir Cecil's animated description of Lady Burnham, ot whom he said, " If she's a stunner in town, by Jove ! where there are other women to be seen — aud nobody will deny it — she's simply an out-and- outer in a country house, where there's a lot of women, and that dreadful Blanche Raby, enough to make a fellow bilious to look at her, by Jove 1 ' Tn the smoking room on the night before I Twelfth-day, Lord Burnham being absent, Captain Crawford again told the story of the .Brown Lady once more, and with great success. The, officers from Portsmouth were quite pleased, and almost excited, by the narrative ; and one, a young lieutenant, who imagined himself an authority on beauty and style, and who believed, in his honest and simple conceit, that no woman, not even the " match" of the Brown Lady herself, could possibly resist him, proposed an adjournment en masse to inspect the famous portrait. But Captain Crawford opposed this proceeding, on the grounds that the house was all quiet for the night, and of course the gas had been turned out in the picture gallery. With the majority of the little party this argument succeeded, and the notion was abandoned : hut Tommy Toxteth was not to be persuaded. " Bother the gas !" said the voitth ; "come along. Claw ford ; let the others stay here — they ve seen the picture, and L haven t; I have never been through the gallery at all. Let's take a candle apiece and go — the Brown Lady will look ail the more ghastly, or ghostly, in thb . I j ? n light." By Jovel you're developing, Tommy,'' tmnmrMtw >. IAM ... IDU ussm said Sir Cecil Morse; "you're actually dis- I playing imagination ! What next 1" " I'ou't la.ther." returned the lieutenant; " come along." ' Captain Cr.iwR.rd enjoyed, and iI-'xi-i vhI, i the reputation of a very y .o-i-nature.i sort of j fellow, and lie rose, though ratlu-r lazily, to ,' innnp'y with Toimiiv Toxt, tii's r< .pt"-u. The two made their way to the staircase, at '!n-! it of which ono door of the piituic-g.-ilh-ry was situated The candles they carrh d gave : but a dim light in the large, empty space, and ' Tommy Toxteth declared that he already fell I creepy," when Captain Crawford opened the I il-ic.r, and they entered the gallery- -just in I time to see a woman's figure vanish at the i opposite end. The iieuteuaiit started voih-ntly, and tumbled up against Captain Crawford, wiio, not so much disconcerted, hut still not completely unmoved, caught him by the arm, and said, 'Take care ; you'll drop the candle." ' Bother the candle i" returned Tommy ; " did you see thai 7" " 1 saw a woman, certainly — one of the servants, I suppose." " l)o you ! Why do you speak itt a whisper, then I And why Joes any servaa! In the hoi's- , ierowii dress irtlh a train i" "Are you certain of that '! The gallery is long, and tho light is dim." ' I am perfectly certain, -and 1 have remark- | ably good sight." ! lVminy Toxteth leaned most uncn-einoni- j ouslv against one of the family portraits as he j spoke, and rubbed hiseveiiing-dre.ssod shoulder.-: against the white-satin knee of a llaby of the I time of George IT. Captain Crawford looked j at him blankly. | " I say," said Tommy, " we shall get pro- j ciouslv chaffed if we let out that, having c-otne j to look at the portrait, we have seen the ghost. I Come and let's have a peep at the picture, at j all events." ! Without speaking, Crawford advanced to ! the portrait, and the two men held the lights they carried so as tq show it to the best advantage. The picture looked even more lifo-fike in the feeble light than in the bright ness of the gas jets. The proud beautiful face ; the bright, yet soft and .speaking eyes : the graceful figure, which seemed coining forward j to meet tho grazers — all had a striking, an overpowering effect, which told on the young lieutenant, though he did his best to throw it off. They looked at tho picture for some time, but in silence, and when they turned away from it and left the gallery, they still did not speak, until thev had reached the first landing on tho stair. " All a fancy of ours, of course," said Craw ford ; "either a mere imagaination, or a clever housemaid, who chooses the unfrequented gallery ' for a rendezvous with her footman lover." " Why did we not see the footman lover, then 1 '' asked the lieutenant, with more presence of mind than was habitual to hint ; ' and how do you explain the dress !" " You must have imagined the dress," said Captain Crawford. "And you the footman," returned the lieutenant. .More time than they had supposed had elapsed while the two had been absent, and they found tho smoking room forsaken by all but Sir Cecil Morse and a middle-aged indi vidual of no particular persuasion or profession, who was an inveterate smoker, and liked his cigars in company. Mr. Netterville never left the smoking-room until everyone else had de parted, and would endeavour by every device of good-fellowship to keep the last of the habitues up "just ten minutes longer." Air. Netterville had been acting the "demoted fascinating rattlesnake" in the case of Sir Cecil .Morse ; but that baronet was on the point of making his escape when Captain Crawford and Tommv Toxteth returned to the smoking-room. Delighted at the idea of detaining them there neitherres)ondedaccording!tohis wont. Captain for a while, he affected great interest in the story they had heard, and the portrait they had gone to see, and plied them with questions. But Crawford's manner had not its usual ease, aud Tommy Toxteth was dificient in fluency. Sir Cecil remarked this, and said carlessly, " What ails you both 1 Anyone would think you had seen a ghost !" " I am not sure that wehave not, "said Tommy Toxteth, " and the ghost too." " What !" said Sir Cecil, with an incredulous gritt, "the Brown Lady herself" " Yes, the Brown Lady herself." " Nonsense," said Sir Cecil ; " why, I thought you hid not believe in it, Craw ? " " So I thought myself until to-night," said Crawford ; " and am not quite sure that I do believe in it now ; but, on the other hand, I'm not quite sure that I don't." Air. Netterville and Sir Cecil insisted on an explanation, which the others gave ; and the surprise caused by the story was all they could | have desired, had they been telling it for ! effect. Air. Netterville was fully gratified that j night ; the sitting lasted until even he had had ; enough of cigars and conversation. The two j men who had or had not seen the ghost were j remarkably unimaginative, and the more they j discussed the matter, the less they could believe j that they bad only fancied what they had seen, ! but the less also they liked to subscribe fully to ; believe in the supernatural. No satisfactory conclusion, therefore, was come to, and it was i Air. Netterville who suggested that the truth I might be tested by watching for the ghost on ! another night. j " Unless the Brown Lady is very much altered for the better," lie said laughing, " she | is not likely to miss a chance of being seen." j "And let me tell you;"-said Tommy Tox teth, with a dismal attempt at a joke, " to see even the ghost of such a woman as the Brown Lady, is not to be sneezed at." " Wbat a tremendous admirer of beauty you are, Tommy ! " said Sir Cecil ; " it might be enough for you to have the chance of look ing at Lady Burnham every day for a week. If you want a real live stunner, there's one for yon." "For you, you mean," said Tommy, trying to disgnise nervousness by affected facetiousness. " Suppose we all watch for the Brown Lady to-morrow night," said Sir Cecil ; " it's Twelfth-night, the time she is said to appear quite regularly. If she does, we'll agree not te be in the least frightened ; and if she does not, to set down Craw and Tommy for a pair of poltroons." "Agreed," said Air. Netterville; and he then added reflectively, " What a deduced nn- pleasnnt thing for a family it must be to have a hereditary ghost ! If I had one, which I have not — the Nettervillesare not important enough for that — I should have had a shot at it long ago." " A shot at it! ' exclaimed Crawford — "a shot at a ghost ! " 'Certainly,' replied Mr. Netterville; "if such things exist, why not learn all there is i i ha learnt-.! about tbem ? It is a popular belief, qaite as profound ns belief in the exist ence of gliosis, that if you see one, and firo at i: with it bullet — I am not suro whether the let must bo silver, but I think not — it will li'-Vi-r appear again ; a cheap and simple r-me Iy lor intrusive spirits. You flay Lady AL.rlesd.tlo has a great disliko to tho Burnham ghost ; why has she not tried this method of appeal to tho superstition of the servants and ether people who helievo in it, and ptirsumio themselves they had seun it? They would believe in tho efficacy of the shot as much as in the presence of the Brown Ladv, and the Burnham ghost would be most effec tually laid. " .Nobody would venture to mention the subject to Lady Maries dale," said Captain Crawford ; "and I am sure sho never hoard of tho notion of firing at a ghost ; I never did, though I have read aud heard enough about iliein. " The conversation among the gontlomen was not much moro prolonged ; but before tbey finally parted for the night, tlioy determined on a plan of action which should solvo their own half-admitted doubts, and bo a curious experiment in ghost-lore. Tho last words spoken among the party were the following : " Mind, not a hint of it must reach her ladyship ; it would give her mortal offence," said Crawford. "Of course, of course," said Air. Nettlovillo;' " wc shall be most careful, and we shall have all tho servants on our sido ; it will be sueh a glorious chance for thorn to bo comfortably frightened in good company." ' But suppose wo see it, aud fire, bow about the noise ?" asked Tommy Toxteth. " She'll never hear it," said Sir Cecil ; " her rooms are away in tho right wing ; and even if she does, she'll think its only getting rid of a charge — or a poacher," he added with much | gravity. i a a s & I j A humble but very comfortable and con. j vivial imitation of the sysposiutn above-stairs ; had taken place on this night in the servants'- j bail. L was unanimously agreed that the ! appearance of the Brown Lady on tho follow- I itig night would be very becoming indeed — in fact, a delicate attention on tho part of tho Burnham ghost, favourable to the dignity of the family, and convincing to the ignorant obstinacy ol foreign persons, "who hadu't got no famil', and consequent couldn't be expected I to have no ghostes belongia' to them." The | party was very valiant indoed, in its collective capacity, declared that it desired nothing better than to see the Brown Lady, and to make its deposition to the fact " in b lump," " Not as that 'ud signify, Mr. Alills," said the head-housemaid to tho under-butler ; " for people as don't believe tho Bible don't mind what's swore on the Bible." # ; # Tiiero was only one drawback to tho sacoeBB of the party at Burnham Castle on the follow ing day — tho absence of Lord Burnham. He was unavoidably detained at the county town on business. Ho was the most sedulously attentive of husbands, as all agreed ; and each of the youug ladies secretly hoped, when the time catne for tho fulfilment of bar dostiny, she might find a parli so eligible in all respects. Lady Burnham anuouueed at breakfast that sho bnd had a lotter from her husband, ' full of apologies and regret. At luuuheon she mentioned that she had received a telegram confirming the impossibility of Lord Burnham's reaching the oastlo in time for dinner; and while the latter gorgeous solemnity was in progress, a second telegram was handed to hqr, which she road aloud. The message was : " It is barely possible I may catch the last train. Do not expect me before to-morrow. Do not send to the station." The Countess of Afarlesdale preserved a grim and contemptuous silence while this message was read aud commented upon. Her son had never thought it necessary to keep her so well-informed of his movements. To her mind there was something slavish in this extreme observance. This foreign wo man had not ooly married but bewitched him. She glanced furtively, with eyes full of grudging dislike, at her daughter-in-law. Adeline had never looked more beautiful ; never been in more radiant, captivating spirits. The Lada Blanche looked at her, also askance, and felt "thankful," as she told herself, "that her Josiah would never have to know that his Christian wife was showing- ofl in his absence, and attracting the attention of the whole of the company." Perhaps the Lady Blanche had never so little regretted that her Josiah felt it more consistent to decline being present at the grea6 entertainments given by the Earl and Cuuntess, as on this occasion. The Reverend Josiah erred on the side of charity, Blanche ' thought ; was too apt to make al lowances, even excuses, for Lady Burnham, and displayed entirely uncalled-for solicitude for her conversation. That .evening, Adeliue captivated everybody all over again. She was richly aud tastefully dresBed, in a fashion hopelessly inimitable by any milliner of English growth ; aud sho seemed unconscious alike of her beauty, her dress, and her triumph. " It's the only time, I can say with a clear conscience, I ever wished Lord Burnham to remain away," said Lady Burnham to Zelie, when, the dinner beiDg ;over, and the party i assembled, for the recreations proper to the ' evening, in the saloon, she coutrived to escape to her own rooms for a short colloquy with her maid. "It would have been difficult to manage about him, aud he might have spoiled it all unintentionally. All is quite safe, I hope ; Parker has no uotion of joining the servants, and there is no fear of her ladyship sitting up." "Not the least fear, my lady. Mrs. Parker despises all the servants except Samuel ; and if she could have kept bim from watching for the ghost with them, she would have told of the servants to her ladyship ; but she couldn't persuade him." Here Zelie smiled a queer smile, which, being iuteruppted, msant that the "serious" footman had yoilded to persuasions adminis tered in the shape of taunts from quite another quarter ; and that Parker couldn't tell of the others without getting him into troable. "There's no fear of her ladyship; she'll go to bed as usual." "And the gentlemen are quite determined ? . There is no danger of their giving it up ? " , "Not the least, my lady. It's all settled with Air. Alills' " I must go back, lest I might be missed. Everything is ready ? " " Everything.'' i Z-3 ia threw open the deor of Lady Burn- ham's dressing-room, which was brilliantly ! lighted. She looked in, laughed, gave a satisfied nod of her sunny brown bond, nnd ran lightly downstairs. The evening wore gaily away. Tho mimic sovereignty nwat'ded when tho Twelfth-night cako was cut nnd apportioned was fully en joyed ;the.carpot-dnnco was lively, if not very long, lor Twelfth-day fell on Saturday, and tho rules were strict at Burnhom Castle. At half-past eleven " good. nights " were ex changed ; tho ladies retired, itnd the majority of tho gentlemen sought tho smoking-room. " How wonderfully beautiful Lady Burnham looked to-night !|" said Sir Cecil to Tommy Toxteth, as lie followed Captain Crawford and Mr. Netterville to Elysiutn, " Didn't she, by Jove !" assented Tommy. " I ttover saw a moro lovolyf uee ; and it's very odd, I have beer, puzzling myself all night to find it out, and I .can't hit it off; — I have seon someono aho is so marvellously like." " Havo you r" said Sir Cecil, with calm and dry incredulity. "I nover saw anyone like her, and don't expect." (To be continued.) 