Lost in a Pyramid. "I am so tired 1" she said, and leaned her hmd weaily on her lover's b re ash " Neither sleep, food, nor air givoB mo strength ; and » enrlous mist eeoma to olond my mind at times. Mamma ooys it is ths heat ; bat I shiver even in tho son, while at night I bum with fever, Paul, dear, I'« R'ad you are going tn take me away to load a quiet, happy lifo with you ; but I am afraid it will be a very Bhort ono," " My fanciful little wife 1 you aro tired and nervous, with, ail this worry ; but a few weeks rust in tho country will give ns back onr blooming Evo again. Havo you no cu riosity to Darn mynnrprlso?" he askod, to change her thoughts. The vaoant look stealing over tho girl's faco gave plaoe to one of Interest ; but as Bbo listened, it seemed to require an effort to fix her mind upon her lover's words. " Yon remember tho day wo rummaged in tho old cabinet J" " Tea and a smilo touobed hor lips for a moment. " And bow you wanted to plant those queer rod sends I stole from tho mummy ?" " I remember 1" and her eyes kindled with sudden fire. " Well, I tossed them into the fire, as I thought, nnd gave youths box. But when I afterwards found one of those seeds on the rng, n sudden fancy to gratify your whim led me to send it to Niles, and ask him to plant »nd report its progress. To-day I henr from bim for tho first time ; and he reports that tho seed has grown marvellously hna huddsd, and that ho intends to take the first ilowor, if it blooms in time, to a meeting of famous scioutifio mon, after whioh ho will rend me its truo name and the plant itself. From hin description of it, it must bo very curi-nis. aud I'm impatient to see it," "You need uot wait ; I oan show you tho flower in its bloom ; " and Evelina beokoned, with the tweet mliohevloua smile so long a itranger to her lips. Muoh amazed, Forty th followed to her own little boudoir ; aud there, standing in the snnBhlne, was the unknown plant. Almost rank In their luxurianoe were the vivid green leaves on slender pnrple Btemi ; and rising from the midst, one ghostly white flower, shaped like the head of a hooded snake, with scarlet stamens like forked tangoes, and on tho potals glittered spots like dew. " A strange, uncanny flower I Has It any odour ?" asked Forsyth, bending to examine It, and forgetting, in his InteroBt, to ask how it oatne there. "None; and that ilissappolots me — I am so foad of perfumoa," answered the girl, caressing the green leaves whioh trembled at hor touoh, while tho purple stems doepenod their tint. " Now toll me about it," said Forsyth, aftor standing sllont for sevoral minutes. " I had been before yon, and sooursd one ofthosoeds, for two fell ou tho rug. I planted it under a glass In the richest soil I could find, Witered it faithfolly, and was amazed at the rapidity with whioh it grow when once St appeared above the earth. I told no ono, for t meant te surprise you with it ; but this bud has boen so long in blooming, I have had to wait. It is a good omen that it btossoms to-day ; and as it is nearly white, I mean to wear it, for I've learned to love it having been my pot so long " " I would not woar ic, for in spite of its lnnoount color, it is an evil looking plant, with its adder's tongue and unnatural dew. Wait till Niles tells ns what it is ; then pet it if it is harralesii. Perhaps my sorooress oherUhed it for some symbolic beauty — those old Egyptians wero full of fanoies. It was very sly of von to turn the tables on mo in this way. But I forgive you, sines, in a few hours, 1 shall claim this misohievous hand for evor. How cold it is I Como out into tho garden and got soino warmth and colour for thlsovening, my lore." But when evening oame, no one oeuld reproaoh the girl with her pallor, for she glowed like a p.megranats flower ; hor eyee were full of fire, her lips soarlet, and all her old vivaolty seemed to have returned. A more brilliant bride never bluthed under misty voil ; and when her lover eew her, he was absolutely startled by tha almost unearthly beauty whloh traneformed the pale, languid oreature ef the prarcipg loto tbf" radiant tfdffi&n;, A speolal license had been prooured, that they might be marriod in the evening, and also In the drawing-room of his mother's honee. And thus they wero married ; and if love, many blessings, and all good gifts lavishly showered npon them could mako thorn happy, then thlj young pair were blest. Bat even la tho rapture of the moment that made hor his, Forsyth observed how ioy cold was tho littio hand ho held; how feverish the deep colour ou the soft ohcek he kissed, and what a strange fire burnod in the tender eye that loobod wistfully at him. Blithe andheantiful as a spirit, tho smiling bride playod hor part in all tho festivities of that long ovening, and when at laBt light, lifo, and oolonr began to fade, the loving eyos thai watohed bor thought it but the natural weariness of tho hour. As the last guest departed, Forsyth was mot by a servant, who gave him a letter marked " Haste" Tearing it open, ho read the30 lineB from a friend of tho Professor's " Dear Sir, — Poor NIIos died suddenly fc-»« days ago, while at the Scientific Sociity, end his last words wero, 1 Tall Paul Forsyth io beware of tho Mummy's Curse, for this fatal fiowor has killod me. ' Ths circumstances of his death were so peouliar, that I add them as a sequel to his message. For several months, as ho told us, he had been watching an unknown plant ; and that evening he brought us tho flower to examine. Other matters of interest abcorbed its till a late hour, and tho Professor wore it in his button hole — a strango, white, sarpent-headed blossom, with pale, glittering spots, whioh lowly obanged to a vivid loariet, Ull tho leives looked If sprinkled with blood. It wn obaervpd that instead of the palter, and feebleness whioh had reoently oome ovor him the Profeszor was unusually animated, aud earned in an almost unnatural state of high spirits. Near tha alnse af the meeting, In the midst of a lively disousalon, he suddenly dropped, S3 if smitten with apoplexy. Be was conveyed home Insensiblo ; and after one luald lnivfvs'j in which he gave me tho meisago I hay Mnefdrd above, ho died In great agony, raving of iSnmmieB, pyramids. serpentB.and some fatal ourse ffhlnh had fallon upon him. "Aftor his death, livid soarlet spots, like those on the flower, appeared upon his skin and ho shivered like a withered leaf. At my dciiro the myateriens ptaat was examined, and prououncod by the best authority ono of tho must deadly poisons known to the Egyptian soroerosBes. The plant slowly absorbs tho vitality ef whoever cultivates it, and the blossom, worn for two or tbreo honrs, produces either madneBS or death." Down dropped the papnr from Forsyth's hand ; ho road no farther , but harried baok Into the room where he had left his yonog wife. As if worn out with fatigue, she had thrown herself upon a cenoh , and lay there motionless, hor face-hidden by tho light folds of the veil, whioh had blown over it. "Evelina, my dearest! woke up and answer me. Did yon wear that strange flower to-day?" whispered Foreyth, putting" the misty eireou away. There wis no neod for hor to answer ; for there, gleming spectrally on her bosom, was the evil blossom, its white petals spotted now with lloolts of soarlet, vivid as drops of newly Bpilled blood. But tho unhappy bridegroom soaroely saw it, for tho faco above it appallod him by -its utter vaoanoy. Drawn and pallid, as if with eomo wasting malady, the young face, lovely an hour ago. lay before him aged and blighted by the baleful influence of the plant whioh had drunk np her life. No reoognitiou in tho eyes, no word upon the llpa, no motion of the head — only the faint breath, the fluttering pulse, and wide-opened eyes, betrayed that she was alive, . „ , Alas for the young wife 1 The superstitions fear at whioh she had smiled had proved true; the ourse that had bided its time for ages was falSUed at last, and her own hand had wrecked her happlnetsfor ever. Death In life was her doom ; and for many years Forsyth seoluded himself to tend with pathetic devotion the pale ghost, who never, by word or look, oonld thauk him for the love that outlived even such a fate as this; 