Br tbo Govornor Blaeknll, four rams nrrivod yes- tortluy to tbo consignment of Messrs. Clark, of &iat; Talgai, whicli Uoscrvo moro tlian n passing notico, inaimuoh as they are tlio: progeny of rams tlio names of which aro familiar to nearly alt Australian shocp brei'ders. It will bo in tlio reeollection of our readers tlmt alniost fabulous. prices -woro-roeoived-at- auction .L.!"8!- ycar_in_Molhourno_for somo.Tuamanian-.rams, one of which (Sir Thomas) realised G80 guineus. Two of tho rains now imported by Messrs. Clark — Consti tution Waxy-rara the get of this splendid animal. Another (Sir liarry) is by Tnsaiau, a son of Sir Thomas. Tiisman wns-aola,dur.ing.tho_present year for 300 guineas. Tho fourth (Wirey) was got by tho woli-known ratti King Billy, who was shown nt tho International Exhibition in Sydney, in 1870, nnd pronounced by the breeders there to be tlio finest ram ever soon in tio colony, and for which a bona Jitle oiler of 300 guineas was then refused. These four rams are from nieriuo owes, fired pure from stock imported to Tauinunia GO years ago. Thoy are considered by Mr, Clark to bo the finest sheep ever imported by him. Thoy are si! most densely: and vory evenly covorod' with wool of remnrkubly fino quality, and it is ueodlcss to say, hnvo been im|>orted by Messrs- Clark at a vory great cost. — Courier . Complications of a serious character arc likely to occur (says tho D. D. Gazette) In connection with tho administration of the Crown Lauds Alienation ... Act of— 1875. — Improssions-wero-provnlont— upto- Monday hist that selectors wore entitled, under the provisions of tbo measure nbovo inontioncd, to seloct from tlio areas recently proclaimed up to six hundred and forty acres, and that further difficulty was not to_ \- — botlioughtofTbis'npparcntlyirnotTliQaso: — Tlfo" clauses relating to classification in the Act of 1872 are still in force, nnd tho selector, therefore, cannot obtain more than one Aundred aad twenty acre of agricultural land. It is pnrt of his privilege to select- up to six hundred and forlv nercs in tho paslorul areas; but hero he ib vlrtuulfy barred by section G of Iho Act of 1872, which provides:—1 11 Selections jnay, compriso -both-«gricultuml- ond"pastoral"laiid, but' shall be made in one block, and tho total area (ns amcnded)BhaH_not-oxceod-six-hundred-and-forty acres." Consequently,. if ho (tho selector) has applied for the full area of six hundred and forty acres, and _hifljand. should bo 'otnsBificd by thu inspooting-ofilcer (as is likely to bo Uio enso 'nt Wcstbrook and Eton Vale) as " agricultural," hovinust, in tbo absence of luck or good fortune, bo .satisfied with .his one hundred nnd twenty aorei of agricultural land. It will bo difficult for him to obtain oxaotly six hundred acres of agricultural and pastoral lands inixod in accordance with tho regulations— »» one block. Tho Eton Vale and Wcstbrook' lands have not yet been claisijied, and selectors, therefore, are all in a fog. Under tho circumstances wo would recommend lliose who havo visited tho ground and prepared applica tions to arrango fur their amendment on or before 12th Oclobor, oUierwiso wo fear thoy will be griovously disappointed at, the action token on "Court day" by tlio Commissioner. . Watchmaking in Amkuica.— Somo twenty years ago, a four practical 'Americans conceived the idea that greater perfection might bo secured in the manufacture of watches by tho employment of stoam mid machinery .instead of hand labour— whilo tlie cost of each watch would bo reduced. Tho scheme' wns looked -upon ns chimerical, , as automatic , iimchincry was. thought to ba beyond -tho econo of inrcution. But tho onlcrprise was begun, anu tho ' Amorican Wnltham Watch Manufactory" of to- dav is ono not only of the largest and most successful, hut most thoroughly representative, institutions of America. The various buildings aro on tlio hanks of the Charles Rirer, in Iho Slato of Massachusetts. Thoy havo tlio appearance of a Uttlo village. No expense has been spared so. as to render Ihem cheerful nnd nltrnotivu. Tho houses for tho work- l>co|>lo and tlio superintendents are about 125. Inside Uio work-room Iho same care lias boon oxhi- biti'd to provide for tlio health and comfort of tho operatives. Tho interior of tho work-room contains n large number of elegant and delicate machines, . _w)iich.pcrform-Lheir-fuuctions-with apcrfection not" jwsiblo for tho human hand. .Somo have two, throo nml four automatic motions, and one, the. screw- milking, tlio most -complex of all, has -eight.' By simply feeding this mnehino with tho stool wire of tlie right' size, alt tlio requirements of u perfect screw are furiihhod by successive oporatious in an incre dibly short spare ol timo. Thoso eorows are so small that it requires about ono hundred and fifty thousand to make a poundl" , Thoy are but dots on paper, but I under tho microscopo llioy' aro found .to bo' botli I perfect nml- unirornirTlio'nbabluto"pbrrcolibhof iliis j innyhine can only bo rcalisod .when wo aro told that ! « single onu will make .8,000 screws lit a day, nnd | !!'n! 11 boy can atlon'd to four of these iniichines. iho various processes of sawing,, cutting,! drilling, i aiul polishing tho precious stones, as well as making tools for tlio shmc, are tio longer in llio hands of 'Xpert#, but macliinory driven by stcuiu i9 made to do thorn i nil nml that, too, with far moro nceuraoy, rapidity, nml finish. So rapidly luiyo tlio_Width'U"; wntuhes rtsoii in publio cstimnlion timt tho company hnvo for somo tfnio boon turning out 300 finished wuluhos a day— ovory ono of thoin fit to go into Uio Vn!" Uio purclinsor. ' Last your iftoro than 100,00(1 8llrqr nnd.l0,000-gold-walolios- woro soldto. r- — -Die-pttbH6V uvcr' l.uOO hands, half of them being gins, are omployod ut the , works. The finished | "'ntulius aro »soht. to Iho company's ngciils at Now iurk, Boston, nnd Oliiongo, for distribution ( in I may bo montionod hero that Messrs. I JfobUitis and Appicton hnvo established a contra! I uurapren agoncy-in Uondon, at Wnltham-buildings, ilolliorn-oirciis. , So long ago as 1808 . Prufossor I J 0h!,l)r. ill » lecture upon wutuluuakiug ot tlio l'oly- I ?«"d i—" lly bund labour it is impossible for I ! .7 oun\y lo eompclo with 8wilrerland in tho I on(i wo would hold ourown in Europo I u tins branch of industry, wo inuat follow llio I the Americans, who liuro succossfully I J?" ,, mnchmrry. In. tlio' timniifAclure of watohes." I hdniinul Bcokott (Mr. Bcokelt Dunison), who is I L7- ?" '"ghost EtigHih aiitliority upon tho I , .his work upon Wutohes, Clocks, nnd I « A #i upon tho Amuriean sytoui i— I ..y'1"0"!?!! labour; is dearer in Atnorica than here, I u'.n .m"t?''t"»ery onableo tliom. to-UinleiaclUiiiiLdisli. I Hint .,r" BI?!no quality ; uud if our English I («.>.iiri« buslir tlicmsclvcs they will lose the I /.r...0, i dJio Iiubilily ofu wntoh,Uko nny othorpiucu I Tequiro .ropnlr is in thu ratio or tlio I 'ft. n li-,flc,P.nfa!u parts, which muko up its unity. I English watch, with its fusoo ami cliuiu is com- imsiwl of f (8 more piracy than tho Ainorican.wiitcli.. -Dispenso ll lrihoio (l3R ndilitionnl clmnccs of break- ngc, and' it is easy to itifur tho superiority of Atncrimu watches, it this ono respeot nt least. Thu fuaco nml chain uro rejected in tho Wnlllmm-vmlch, and thu dircot-nol |n-or-tho- inninsprlng_iuIopU'<l. Tiiii" chango is dlvocatod_on ,0|o_grouml_tfuitthoroia, :grcfttcr-s|n |»linity-df-Hct ion? less-fricl ion-in'tho'liwnP" missioii of lotivo powor, inorcnsod facility for tiaiug n liuliLnp iiid'inord nnirnrin nrinrr. unit tnnm nvim for piny in ho other parts of tho inoromcnt. — I Urn- Jrati-.d-Jjom on-New. , ' 