A Ghostly Carnival. Tiie millions of Spiritualists in tho United Statos, says the Cliicago Tribune, find their Mecca - j ust now in a ' littio farmliouso which lies north of Rutland, Yt. It is tho homo of William. H. and Horatio G. Eddy; and it is haunted with hundreds of ghosts. Colonol Honry S. Olcott lias been investigating the phenomena for tho Now York Daily Graphic, arid his letters havohebn pros fusoly illustrated. ; The 1 Eddys were - tormoritod -by spirits1 froni tiipii': birth.' Their; fatlior, ;.a _proricib ;farriior,- .first' essayed .to cast ,out ' devils- .by. beating? arid 'starving their; victims. "When tliis failed lie; used his : children's spiritual "gifts to nialco money. Thoy gave exhibitions. Ho superintended tho show and pocketed the proceeds.; The hoys rind their sisters (no w dead) jskaro mobbed, stonried heaten . arid- shot. - YJtfiey wero ' twisted - into agonising positions arid tied"tiiero for hours while' tlio mariifostations : wont i on. . When they crime homo "'thoy would gladlj' havo relinquished their, inconveriient powors, hut could not;; It is note worthy by tho way, that theso powors were inherited. ..Mrs Eddy the! mother, of,, tho boys, was a clairvoyarit. - Hor mother had' the sairio. faculties Her great-grandmother : was, seiitonopd; to death for. . witchcraft in 1 694, hut was rescued "from" Salorii Gaol by friods,; and secrotoly ;' sent to Sbotiarid. Tho children "could; not goto school, for thoy were aceompaniod tluthor by rappings that drove the other seliblai's wild with fear. . Thoy .- have : conse quently had-, littly education.! They are, and always have booh, -unpopular; They are sly, gruff, sensitive ; nion.- . Their reputations for integrity is good, hut the .neighbours think thoy riro in league with the devil. With this.'pre- face about .themselves, wo passed to what they or tho spirits around thorn havo done. There have boon thousands of manifestations. . Vory many havo consisted only of feats of clairvoyance,, moving.! ; furniture, rind rapping ;out communications. Two great classes of facts remairi — tho floating in tho air"of: Human poaios. ana tlio, . materialisation, of spirit forms. . Horatio. Eddy, wlion lie was in liis' seventh year, was one night carried three miles: .through -the.- , air to a neighbouring mountain top and left to go lioriio as . he could. Colonel Olcott gives no authority for the story, which may bo founded on a mero case of sleep walking hut ho quotos .the testimony of . two out of tlir go eyo-witnessos to tho fact that another brother, now dead,, was carried out of :i "window and over a- house. Thero are hundreds of instances to ho given under tho second grand division — the materialisation ' of spirits. ! The.' ghost of known' and unknown persons have appeared iritheihouso arid in the. neighbourhood, in darkness; v ;and- in ; light. . People have talked; with therii' arid have, fbltthom; Thoy hay, 0 beon dis-!, tinctly seen. Colonel Olcott - woigliod tho spirit of n.ri LuUan' 'gii'l,' Hontnj ' twice. Sho stood On ;Fairbquk's scale and woigliod 88 pounds "tho first trine and 65 tho next. , He , turned the full force of a powerful battery upon ber without producing, any apparent effect. Nearly all tho plienomona attending tlio appearance . of . " Katio King" in London and in Fhiladolphia' have- boon rep.oated in or around tho Eddy homo- stead.' Very 'many pontons1'-' have witnessed them.- ' Since. Colonel Olcott began' liis investigation ho has rocoivod (feiijnmorablo lottors from all over tlio «E®try asking him to probiu-e infor- . mation ori dift'erorit points ;Irom the spirits. :Most of the letters, it is need- less.to' rii(d, nro yoiy silly. ; 