It seems as though the downfall of the Iverferd ministry is at length imminent. This we gather from a private reliable source, and also from our Melbourne correspondent's public letter. " Some of the opposition members," says our private informant, " are jubilant at the prospect of the downfall of the Ministry, which they fully expect, and this, I understand, is the universal belief." " Do not,in any case," says our Melbourne correspondent in his public letter, " be overwhelmed with astonishment, even if there should be a.,general overthrow at a period not far remote. The probabilities of sucli a/thing occurring are by no means small, and they are increasing in amount daily." Again:—" The freetraders and ultra-protectionists may combine their forces at any moment, and then -—farewell to the Kekferd ministry." The reasons for this are not far to seek, however much such an event might for the time be regretted; Mr. r Kerferd and his colleagues haAe been holding the reins of government long after they had lost the confidence of the public, and tiiey are now seeking to regain that confidence by the declaration of a policy open to attack on all sides and from all classes. This they delayed, however, to the last moment, and when they declared it, evidently without having taken the house or the publie into their confidence, it was at oncee apparent that they had ill- considered it, and were ill able to defend it. What was palatable to one side of the house, and to one section of the community, was most unpalatable to the other, and the more their policy as a'whole came to be examined, the more it was found to strike at the various -social and political subsections into which the community-is split up. For this, none but a strong government should have considered themselves equal, and that was. never one of the characteristics of the Keeferd Ministry. Any little strength they ever possessed was derived solely from the weakness of those opposed to them. Whilst feeling bound to keep Ourselves thus au courant with public Opinion and public feeling on a' great and important question of this kind, we should like to see more -clearly than we do at present how; the places of the the present Ministry are to be supplied, before we expressed any very decided opinion on the. subject. In the eyent of the KERFERD Ministry being put ; out. • the freetraders sliould be quite sure of the return of the protectionists to power being effectually. blocked up, before they lend a helping hand in bringing about such a - result, if they wish to keep themselves. free and unfettered; ''Were' Mi*. ^erIferp and his friends defeated in tl>e, house, an appeal to the country would, we prjesiime, ;be open to them, should they , so desire. But they; would have, to go with a very different policy to the one already declared, if they hoped io better their condition in the house by mich ta appeal. They would have to go further in a free-trade direction,- and to withdraw some of their -new ta&es;,i the. land -tax, - among the rest, if they hoped to succeed. .For -this' 1 last, in any shape,; the country is not ripe, and our Melbourne correspondent -asy therefore, probably quite right in 1 saying that our comments on this are, to some extent;' ".wasted." » . > r : If we have,,howevei', ; Sum 'connection Tvitli others, helped • k>f thfefee/m any way, to "Smother"'it, ive are quite; satisfied, arid we shall not he .slow.,to follow thenar up with Others, ishould there be occasion for^'anyfliing^ fortlierof- the kind. < '"Tins .we 'have, in 'fact, done ift aiiotjier article in jthis ^ day'a-- issue, for a Rattle, jijust never,.fee ,con- t sidered won -on one^idej»until tt is lost on the«ther,''If'Mr.SERVicfe 'abandbned 4iis land and house taxes, and threw himself into the avms of the freetraders and |ii^d^jat^|)roteptioiiiste'there would aJliaticfeior ^rfisrb ^Ministry, itliouithis^} we^hail iiiot be^urprised, |3Qi]Lseqiiepce4,| t^see tl^ii The more Mr. Service's proposal for fi ra|"d ftax is Goif43e|^/|tlie;|Mp fio/K»|ig|l| impracti|abie| if Tliis is so "generally aclmitted l3y frlentls, "as >vell-"as " by foeSj that: it will have to" faband(Jiied 'ia^its pfe^eiitj-foisn^ and"we 'iaiow of no other ihVlilch itjs jikely to meet with much acceptance. Were Mr. Sekvice ^^feueli modifica tions as ..would, make it equitable,-that is i to ] , make' at fall ^pomj all ; aiik^, whether tlie possessors of an acre of laM only^'^r thbus^ii^ theli' it ivoiild me^t ppppsitioLi bt a msijoiit^aof^ small landholders^ and tlil-ir jirofesse(J ; fiu^nds, ; thii*' re-, foryWrs'^paieliince^ 7Yet;' tl^rje is no""'o.tuejf. "?vay ; inwbich•.'.•.it ? c6ufl; i)e br&iiffht;: into accord, 'with ihe ^muchwhich; it '.wouTd;'stand the ghost of a chance of receiving the sanction of both houses of-parliament'. All-seem to be coming round.to that opinion, except the^ yery few wlip still K'ang on to.. .'the. skirts of Mr,. Higinboiham,.that most Avayward and inconsistent of politicians, who seldom or never gets H brief froiri ia squatter, or a large landholder, and who .probably thinks himself bound iii consequence to take up the position in the house, which they force him to take up in the Supreme Coftrt. Nor is it at all to be wondered at that there should be such ia clmnge of opinion, or that it should have be so rapid and decisive^as it really has been. Until people began to see how unequally this tax would fall, aud how injuriously they were likely to be affected by it, in any attempts that might be made to render it , equitable, many thought it a fine thing, and were more ;or less clamorous iii their demands for it. When the small landowners,, however, came to see that the net must either be spread over them, just as over the large landowners, or that such incongruities. as the following would be constantly .occurring, they began to look at tlie matter in a different light. One man held a few days back, say, .sixty-four acres of land, not ten miles from Camperdown, which he sold at £20 per . acre, whilst another holds, say, six hundred and forty acres, or just ten times the quantity, at no greater distance from Cainperdown, for which he could hardly find a purchaser at any price, certainly not at a price in advance of what he has laid out upon it in clearing and fencing. Yet this £20 land is, according to Mr. Service's proposal, to go scot-free, whilst tlie 20s. land, probably encumbered for more than it is worth, is to, be taxed 4d. per acre. This is no imaginary case, nor is it an isolated one. Hundreds of sucli cases may be found in this district. We reported land, 'under Mr. Service's limit, sold at £20 an acre in our last issue, and to impose a tax bf 4d. per acre upon many of the holdings of upwards of three hundred and twenty acres, in the Heytcsbury Forest, would be tantamount to their confiscation. It would, moreover, be an effectual bar to the progress of settlement in that direction. But that is a trifle compared with the still greater incongruities involved in Mr. Service's proposed land tax. The holder of upwards of 2,000 acres, devoted to agricultural or pastoral pursuits, is to be taxed, according to Mr. Service's present proposal, 6d. per acre, whilst the^holder, or joint holders, of a mineral block of land, worth, probably, a hundred times that amount, are not to be taxed, at all. This comes, of course, of Mr. Service's having adopted the acreage, in preference to the valuation principle, but why, we may ask, without objecting to the acreage principle, such monstrous injustice, such wretched incongruities 1 Are not the farmers, or the graziers, as much entitled to consideration, in any scheme of taxation, as the miners ? Is not the laud of the last of these as miich a fair subject of taxation as that of the former two? Do not the cultivators of the soil, and the breeders and rearers of stock, contribute as much to the wealth of the colony, as those engaged in tlie search for gold? Why this distinction, then ? The miners have been more benefitted by tlie construction of roads, railways, and other,public; works, thaii the agriculturists, or those followfng .pastoral , pursuits, to say nothing of the Mint; erected for their special benefit; and . which is being''yearly worked at a loss to the colony. Yet this, so far as we are aware, is not: a 'point that has been at all insisted upony in the course of the discussion^ on - the proposed land tax;' although bearing, directly upon it.- Tliere is no reason why the land, of the latter should be taxed, any- more, thaii that of tlife ibniier,; and; to depart from this rule,. is to, introduce class legislation of tlie worst description. • It is quitla true that Mr. Service disavows all liking for the progressive principle in his. proposed land tax, : and yet he adopts what he virtually condemns. His first class, although, in ; many cases, best able to pay, are to pay nothing; ;his : second class, no more chargable with the " duties arising out of the rights of-property " - than the former, are to* pay what he-thinks a moderate rate of taxation only; while Ills thil-d class, presumably, the most wealthy, are to be made to pay all that can cl^Wed "6ut'-of"tliem,7 localise they have ^worked harder, <aiid saved more, than their less industrious or less thrifty neighbors. If we are to liave a ^laud «bax,-it should^ according to ouias upon tlie i'oldt^of three -hundred find ^weiity- one^acres' jaujl,upwards. rThe holders of one lip Ibo three hundred afid twenty icres/^Q iibt/as a rule 4 deftye all their means of support from land,' and the exceptions niade under" tlie income .tax, in England, . not, iherefoYe, apply in/this'" case. ,&U;~/the holders ipf l^iid likye ft orotecm by the State, dfl^fqthe^ILgoj^ a Ijftnd^ •afesdbiation the otlier dayfm the si of tlie. beer, tax, that geritleman -dTO]>peda.remarkjOr, ^two .on the state of trade ge^rklly in' Victbna;'which is deserving of more than a mere* passing notice:" It is said th^^la^?quantity:p^beer sent outbjthe'te is returned, and the deputation from the lipfeusedlYicTt^allers 1 -wislied -fa -kiio\t, in the event of a tax of Id. per gallon being imposed, wbat xebate was to be allowed. To that Mr. Service replied, " tljat.'all fthis was the; resiilt ;of byercompetitiori ; that there were two houses to do the trade which ;could easily be done by one ; that the spirit of overcompetition applied to every trade ; that we were running ourselves to death by over-competition. Even in his own business, there was a tendency on the part of buyers to think themselves masters bf the situation." This is the old story—true enough, no doubt, so far as over- eompeution is concerned; in -the general meaning of that phrase, in its application to most trades in Melbourne; as well as to the licensed victuallers' trade, although it was not, perhaps, a very satisfactory answer to the protest of the deputation from the licensed victuallers against the imposition of a new tax on their trade. We never knew a time, nor a place, in which over competition was not, in one form or other, made the subject of complaint, either by grasping monopolists, or by slow-paced dullards, and yet Mr. Service is about the last man in the world we should have expected to find ; taking up this cry. He is liot one of those men, who is running himself to death, or allowing others so to run him by orer-competition, and he sliould, therefore, have been led to take a more encouraging view of things, if for no other purpose, yet to 'show how thoroughly indisposed he is to discountenance anything that can tend to real progress. Every true man is a whip in nature's hand to scourge on the laggard, and to those of the latter, not of the former class, should be left the invidious task of complaining of over-competition. ' ~ No doubt, there are more breweries and public-houses in Melbourne, than are paying their way. So also there are more merchants and storekeepers, as well as brewers and publicans, in the same position, not only, in ^Melbourne, but all over the colony. Even small tradesmen in out-lying townships com plain of hardly being able to make both ends meet, owing to over-competition some of them, as Mr. Anderson told us, when on liis late electioneering canvas for a seat in the Upper House, declaring that what tliey most want is protection against Melbourne. That, in fact, is the point we were anxious to get at when we first started, and it is into this desire'for protection that most of the complaints against over competi- tion ultimately resolve themselves. In every business, even 111 Mr. Service's, buyers should be so far masters of the situation, as to be'able to buy what they want where they can get it best and cheapest. A wholesome competition is thus kept up, quite. distinct from overcompetition, and not by any means to be confounded with it, as is too frequently done, and as Mr. Service seems to have done in this case. We never hear, iimong sensible men afr any rate, of over-competition in farming,"^obi-growing, mining, or any producing interest. The more wheat any man grows, the' more wool he produces, the more gold he brings to market, the more good lie is supposed to be doing for himself and the country. Nor do we see why those devoting themselves with'all their energy to other legitimate pursuits, .should be judged by any other standard, or, in other words, why they should be regarded as, swelling the tide of over- competition. In every legitimate calling, every man is bound to do the best he can, and should hot be content with doing that himself,-but should be anxious to see all others doing the Same. Let us hear no more then of over-competition than is absolutely necessary to restrain lis from the adoption of courses which are neither just nor honorable. A country's interestsare best promoted when the whole faculties of its people are kept constantly at, work to their utmost strain. We stated rather more than a fortnight ago that there was every prospect of another medical man settling in .Cainperdown, and that the Rechabites had offered-him the position .of. inedicai officer to their lodge. That offer, we now understand, Dr. Freene promptly;. accepted,., and at. once tame to Camperdown,' intending to" practise his pro : fession here, but ah attempt was made upon his arrival to dissuade him from this by some interested persons, who'sbnglit; to. impress upon his mind that there was no .room .for liim. ; .Under these circumstances,- the Rechabites, and - sbme others of Dk Freene's friends, thought the best thing tliey could do would be to get up-a .requisition to him, • re-; questing his stay in •Oamperdowri} Awhich they did, and the requisition was carried round Camperdown for signature yesterday, was numerously and respectably signed, and. will, we understand... be. presented to. Di> Freene some time to-day, by. Mr.- JoliuWalls,- J.P., at "the request of those by whoin it is signed. For us, to add ataything 'to this,' would be quite,superfluous, except, indeed, it be just to say, that we know no place in dical iinaa^ than in C^perdovm at .the-.previ would, J>e a better chance^ of success. Mr.^Lbhgmyre ^presented the" petition for- €he .extension-of the :^^^estern: railway by the -Black Line from Oolac t6 "C^mperdowii, in! tlie on Tuesday, evening, And it ( > twasfavorably reeeiveJL |», The debate in the Assembly on Tuesday x the proposal to raise the duty to 12s. per gallon, was decide " \ithe Government, and a gei • J iwas come to at its close t®^^ iuld be talten upon it at an earl« he following evening, what<Sv|J Mr. Langridge, Mr. Munro^ Mr. W. C. Smith, and Mr. Connor, wei-e the chief speakers on the opposition side, jSrl longmore Wvld » a<|ournment _ th#^bate, ostensibly- fith ft view of sSeing whether some understanding could hot be arrived Wbetw^n' the'pfotectioHists and freetraders, but no doubt in the hope of getting time for the former to marshall ^^oS^' m^'^^Sffly. Let what will tliat come, it Gouernmeiit iave-resolved to withstand- the imposition i>f any. fresh duties of/a protec^v|; character, and that they will abide by'tb'e reductions they hive annotineed their deterniination to make.ul We aiie, therefore,ioii the eve of a great • crisis, and- can have little doubt as to its being eventually in the interests ol free-trade; An'othlfcr compromise b^twt^m ^ree-trade ' anil j profectibHi never be thought of.; jA.ineefeng >pf? the-; building; qomniittee gi Camperdown Mechanics' Institute was held 'in the reading-room, on Monday last, for the purpose of ^onsidering^the teaier^ sent iii for tlie erection of tbe halL Mr. Alex. Hamilton,: *>f? 'fp^ac, There were, four tenders jsent in, which, en being opened, were ^toundi to be as f611ows :—D. Cameron, £1,047 15s.; Aikman and Geddes," ;£l,O0i>';*' 3. Bartlkt; ^M'Crag ' knd Fullarton, £975. The. amoant being above Mr. Hamilton's estimate, .the committee re- duced the size of the .ball to JOffc. '-x 34ft-, :and Messrs. M'Crae and Fullarton's tender was accepted, subject to a; redaction pro rata on the amount, for the' 3ft, each way taken off the original; dimensions, in order that the total cost might be brought down to £863. - . " '; Crown grants for the imdermentioned persons are lying at the land office, Camperdown :—M. Brough Butchart and- Tobin T. Baily, E. Cameron, A. J. Dalgleish, W. Cole, T. Dwyer, R. Grant, M. Forbes, G. Harrison, W. Lillico, J. Moore, Peter M'Arthur (3), J. Maloney (3), B. O'NeU, J. Pate, Thomas Shaw and others, M. - A. N Wordly, and S. Parker. A meeting of the seiaiholders of St. Paul's, Camperdown, was held in the church,' on Tuesday evening last, to receive the roport of the committee for the past year, to appoint a committee for the current year, and for the transaction of other.-business. The attendance was very smallj ^consisting' only of Messrs. H. O. Bennett, Adolphns Clark; and George Harrison, who presented the report, passed some accounts, arid then pro. ceeded to the appointment of, ^gPP^ffi^gentlemen as the committee for "the current year, subject to their consenting: .l&o; act, which they have, we understand, since signified their willingness to do :—Messrs. Clark, Woodward, Down, Cotter, and,; Harrison. As none of the seatholders, except members of committee for last year, .were in attendance,: no resolution with regard to the report was passed, nor was any other business gone into. We very much regret having to record the deaths -of the two youngest daughters of Dr. Curdie, which occurred at his residence, 1 Tandarook, on Sunday evening and' Monday morning last. For some time past,' all the • younger members of that gentlemah ? s family have been suffering from croup and other, throat affections, but the others had, to a certain extent, recovered,. when the, two painful deaths occurred. The funeral took place 011 Tuesday afternoon, and was attended by a large number of the friends of the family. Accounts are awaiting payment at the pay office, Camperdown, to — Quinn Bros., W. Bromfield, J. Smith (2), J. Hollahd, A, Walls, S. D. Hodgson, F, Irving (2). 'Mortlake Shire Council, Isaac Harrison, G. fl. Bowker, P. Morrison, D, Hoggart, S. Denriy 5 G. Cook, and J. Greive. . ; ;: ; The notifications connected with the annual election of councillors for the Hampden Shire Council will be found on our third page. The councillors who retire - by rotation this year, are €rs. Fergusson; Mackihnon, and Mack, for the East," West, and North ridings respectively.. The returning officers are Crs. Ower, Macdonaid, and Greeves, for the previous named ridings respectively. Nomination papers and deposits in accordance with the provisions of the Local Government Act, 1874, must be left with the shire secretary for the East Riding, with Mr. Mathew Lacey, • Terang, for .the West Riding, and with Mr. E. G; Greeves, Borri Yalloek, Skipton, for the North Riding, before 4 o'clock, p.m., ion Monday next, the 2nd proximo. . v . It is notified by advertisement elsewhere' in out columns, that Thursday the 12th" prox., is the day for electing an auditor for the Colac and Hampden Shires. Nomination papers and deposits will be received at the Shire Offices, Colac and Camperdown, up to 4 o'clock, p.m., on Monday next,'the': 2nd proximo. .1 " Candidates' nomination papers arid 'deposits for the extraordinary vacancy in the Colac Shire Council, Weering Riding; caUSed by the resignation of councillor Adams, will be received at the Shire Office, Colacj up to 4 o'clock, p.m.i this day. In thfe v feyent ;of the seat being contested, a poll will^Jjjp taksin ^ on the 7th proximo. :j ; The retiring councillors' this yfear in the Colac Shire Council, as notififed by advertisement, are councillors Hairnes, Beal, and Tilley, for the Corangamite,: ..Beeac, and Weering Ridings respectively. "For"? the; first named riding, nominations will be received by Mr. P. C. Wilson, shire secretary, Colac, deputy for Mr. G. P.- Robertsonj re-^ ..turning officer, and "who also acts as deputy 'for Mr. Michael Howe, returning officer for the Befeac riding. Mr. G. Buchanan,'^rei turning officer for the Weering riding, will -receive nominations at, bis residence^-r^ine Bank, Ondit. „ . Our Melbourne telfegrata contains an item : importance trict. An extraordinaryItnfe^dktft'pf^Me'* from Messrs. J, and P. Manifold's siMfoy Pjurrumbete, was said m ^tlr';- day—bullocks averaging £19, - and^-^ws? L13 Ss. 4d — - - - Melbourne for some yeans, * *' r^'V®; tThe new |»stioffice'atManda opened on Tuesday last at^Wkwe oFMr! " James Griffin, -who Has *eceived,th«fjneces sary authority W act ia.that Opacity. Yalloek at.jialf^ast to Campefdo^vn' Jib 1 q\ day t esame, the foi Neillo: f ^; Castlefnmfte ScprdseMntive extracts — g^o^i a letter by Mrs. Bladeri ie pr^grtss^St.^ricnlture in Vj e _ e cocwMte^reponderful, consider ftf/fe 5 . they Wiil ^ red lntolflt |h^Iirstmo;ueut they •kei^ off ttie <MMloni. It will be 0 ^iifer PPe^ent aud the t ilk made from VictpHLan grain. I had an offer of purchase of 5061. of grain the other day, but I Was not able to accept it, as I do not know pre. eisely how much is yet to arrive. It seems there has been all but universal loss ia the' race jaune in France, Italy, and Spain- Roland's reproductions cause much surprise • they are hard, and contain good silk. Tliev don't care here ; ior;! tbie sizei'; thfey. -^a^ wei.ght in 3ilk.' Until we reel ourselves we can dispose of - our pierced cocoons either here or in Engl&nd.-;" TA&n;'t say what price , grain-will- realise yet, but when we have onfce.got .our name ap we can fcommaudthe highestliates. ' The loss iii the race jdiuie is causing great excitement among the merchauta. • , I send next week sampl 0 • boxes" to Milan, Rome, V enice, Florence Verona, and Marseilles" to show the cocoons'.- I never saw .such fine worms in my life on the trees, and I can prove the fact that we jean obtain cocoons from grain three or four months old, which . the savam said was impossible. Miss Spengler is writing out an education which "will be invaluable to you all.' We had teocoonson the I7th day with the Carret stove ; tlie grand lot have been' just twenty-eight' daj T s from hatching, the last on the 23rd arid 24th. You ean fancy what a great difference it will make to us in cost of labor to' be sure of cocoons in twenty-fonr days. - We can now do more educations, for; we can control the changes of weather with the Carret stove. The BaZlarat Star turmshos the following with regard to the supposed traces of Leichhardt" We ftearn from private intelligence, just received from Western Australia, that it . is . supposed tJiere. that traces of Leichardt have at last been found, or at least are likely soon to be so. A young squatter named Fane, who has lately been exploring for new sheep country to the eastward of Champion Bay, when about 400 miles out, met with some blacks, one of whom, aii oldish man, stated that when he was a lad, a party of four white men, on horseback, came to his district looking for water, of which, as ; well as food, they stood greatly in need- They were gaunt and weak, and. their horses were also in a miserable plight. The native said' that they seemed to have a. debate as to the route they should follow, and they had a quarrel over the matter. At last two decided on going one way and two another ; but before doing so, the provisions, which consisted mainly, if not entirely, of » small portion of flour, had to be divided. When this was being done, it was somehow or other lost, either by being spilt, or by the wind scattering it. Hot words followed, : and then a quarrel, .which ended; says the blackfellow, in one party of two killing the other two men, one of whom seemed to be the leader or chief. The survivors then buried the two whom they had despatched, and with them a quantity of papers, which had on them what, according to the best rendering of the blackfellow's description, must have been, writing or 'plans, ^either or both. The two men then wandered, about the district till they also' succumbed or disappeared. The native says he -caii point out the place jwhfere the two men were buried. The locality * is between Austin's track and a foririer track of Forrest's, when he was out Some years ago exploring in this quarter. Sergeant Watson, an officer in the Western Australian police force, who has a better acquaintance with the aboriginals than almost any other man in the colony, is of opinion that the statement of the black refers to a region further east than that in wMeli Fane -found him—probably to the eastward of the desert passed through by Forrest on his last exploration. The story may or may not be authentic, but the authorities, in Western Australia attach some importance to it, and there is every likelihood that ere long a party will be sent out to endeavor to test the truth of the blackfellow's tale." In the Gourt of Common Pleas an action of debt, Whittaker v. Forbes, was brought under these circumstances. Mrs. Forbes, by her will, bequeathed to the defendant an estatfe in Australia, subject to a life interest of £500 a year to a Mr. Forbes, whose executor the plaintiff was. The question raised for the court upon demurrer was, whether an action of debt for a rent charged upon land in Australia could be maintained in England. Mr. West, Q.C., appeared for the plaintiff,', and Mr. Stone for the defendant. The court, upon thfe authorities, held that an action of debt was the proper form of action utfder the circumstances, but that suchgfaction should have been brought in Australia and not in England. Judgment for defendant. The Belfast' Banner reports that applications have been fcisde to Mr. Rutledge, b^e;tSfm^5f 'Tower "HOI;^ for no less ' than 3000 acres of the_, Farnham Survey, under the usual conditions, .with regard to the ensuing potato" season, and that the demand "this year has increased, owing to' the good prices iwhich ruled in the potato market just passed. In reference to thei River Murray trade, the South .Australian Jiegisier of July the 9th says :—Messrs. W. M'Culloch and Co., of'Melbourne, have opened branches of their business as general carriers, insurance and shipping agents, .at- Adelaide, Port Victor, and- Goolwrf. ; They have arranged for coasting, steamers to call ;regularly.at Port Victor, and promise rapid transit of produce between , the Darlmg -Siifd .Lower Murray districts aud Melbourne or Adelaide.- - lA sensational Tteport was current here on Monday.-says the' Advertiser, which appears to have been founded on truth, and if correctj ^displays- -ar very considerable amount of ^bungling on the part of one or tw'o of"our railway officials. It is stated .that three or four Chinamen came to a gate at one of the railway ^crossings on the Ballaia,t aide of Beaufort, arid by 'threats of violence compelled a woman, who was in charge of tne.- ^ate, to 'hoist the danger signal, thus. eausmg the train toptdl up,- the Chiiiainen being desirous of getting in there and proceeding on their journey to Ararat.' The woman.toldithe guard the circumstance, > arid he at first refused to take them, but, on representing that idie was in fear of her lifey he permitted the Asiatics -to get into the t^arn andtravel»«s farasBeaufort. When: there the stationmaster was informed of the dtsumstance," and he, after obtaining one of the police to see them, so that, if necessary, tickets afe far as Ararat. When the men arrived "here they leftfor their destination, where- .ever.that may bej.without any interference. the story be true the Beaufort stationmaster, undoubtedly made a great .mistake in notrgiving the-Caiinese into the custody of the police.' j Th&Melborirn;'e' correspondehtof the Mount Alexander Mail thus pats the metropolitan ladies on the head for improvement in dress: -p" Ladies, take note-^Lost, the Grecian beridr. Whether St lias dropped off, boen pnislaid, or by what mysterious dispensation jof faslnpnit ,Jbas ; beenf .conteaebed^,! know *15oun.g ladies now go about without and their dressesthave shai^e-face^look, as if ,they^ wp^-a'nrioyed at the tortures they had unkergone in being converted 11 and flattenea /dt>wn ^He^iffiter^whWe Ihfcjr Save ie- \- ^ ltiy exhibited such considerable swell, t with the disap^kr^nee ®f'*the bend the nia for shaving the-iair- seems to have cucived-a, blo«v-a^id-it is poming to be ^f", i qghisedWat tlie shorn iambs 'of the wocf ? .i^e "perfect frights,' -and -that a woman s • - aW^^jinter^ts weiiiot.eervedby^ hW > 6 unulation of attack of 