t .J ,r .u . -?r• ., . . . LADY MACNI1A1PA'S sr oay. (FRo~ ALL 'Tu "YEAr. RousD). .(Continued.) SNone ,does go that way, never; said Mrs Wilkins emphriitially.:' It is ioi tlJe lirnpehr way. certainly, as there is the back- stair fromt the offices. "Bint I lhae heard persons 'going ulp, or do l i, whilb the blips M'Unrrays were'lere 'I'll un'dertake to siiy yon .were rmistaken, ma'amu. Not a servent iun ithe Houre-woild go iup oi duwr. themn stairs afteridadii'l Not for a thouuaud pounds, Uia na ' " * ' Whiat do ou' $ meani, ilkiiis ?' .'I mean, mau'am, as they. has a -bad name. Tteii's the parts -tha't hauIte1l.' - ?" ( Haunted! .Ribbish. 'Who - put that into; vour hhead I "' ' You ;may call . it' rubbis?h, i\liss Fearoti,' "said W ilkins, resentfrlly';, h but words can't alter things; ,'h'lue stairs is l'aiiiilJ; ill that knows about" the place will'tdll ybu as gobd f Sarah; ss lived here w'iih at irner tamily, she knew itL.woll:. jiut she: dount minid, because shb sayas.the ghost .unever did no harm,as.liong a it warn't interfered ' I thought you :hal ,more sens'e, Wilkins,' was all El.eanor replied, as she left he;,roonm totgo "down to btenki last. 'T'hel thliti, however, did caue across lher.itmiud-that this atory. hald jperhaps-bheen impressed oon the minds of the otlier. seurvauts h: y Sarah, ii: order to keeli the- coast -clear fur any operatiou s;ishnwight wihl, to carry o. bunler the.rise. Whai,ithese ?ould.be, iEleanor?'do ld uot:diviue,-but sihe did. htt teeele tibgetlier ?comfortable. ; A. vague feeling 'of oispieioun and. doubt took possesab?i 0.f! her,; ud, with that subtle iufecitioli which suomeatribute to anirultni i;;lunes'u,; her.+ ,iueasiuess seemued giutdtauly'tol spread tliringh the laufeu t aily ; the coldinel aluie remtnaiiu g -.tfnifleuteda by it. Her sisterls iiitbdle aileutiltad.allisraceted, as if 'uivy?otio'- tlie wi.wtolr , ITlid Jails 'went abonit int'p iia, and- wi?re I`t"ind holding whispered colloquies beliitidl dours, c':lid butIur, niider?lprilencIo-o black-beetieitl ualit?ptuntry, '.whioh-he co?uld nt;,ibile ito lh?w,' guot lertiiieiduI to ierutf hs :sdlesjinig iluarters -inttu claser Iarbouitt' with` the liotoanu At lust, Eleaur,1el it t?i?essary, ,untt is' ling asblterlwas 4t- )tuoy bint, to speak to her iftlier onu.the sul jet.,:: ler fears of any ill-effect Ulpon'riiit; were s' on usetlatrtest. 'I:he col,.nel's nervuita waladsy ew purely thysitsi, cud the oll ltbits ulof ready decisite anut actionu reasserted iheir fo ce when called ulpuii. Bie listino.ed to his djughter'ts titt.eutri;it wiith" iattention, qtestiuotud her care uilly, aHd cause it the cotnclusiou n .tha a thori6oghiti Ve-s igttioii un.st Liu aiatle; W~ithout iurhtier loss "if tinuU he wrote to tuhe itiliciur of i?ulico fur the dis.. trial, rcqsest]utg lin,, 1u call privately' at Dlauuollele Ludge as soun as he could ; and desired i hut iln t lie Imea time Ithu sulject should bte entirely dripped, so that the tucturiaul .ititruidt r ?bould not be put on his gllttrd. The inuspector soon made his ap penriatre, cauling uitmslf to i.e ainioIuncd as thd lbuiildr frum lBarton, conle to see alout cut tain repairs ; in this churnater lie Wros able to go, ?ter oacry portion of tilh be'lnso after hulul ug a couslItation witll the colonel 'lind iihe la:i'. 3Before lie 'elr, it was Si'itld that two, ounstalles lhould Le Seat to lmass the uight at the Lodge, unknown to the servants. They were t to be let in Ly -Miss Feiron, at a door I opening from the terrace to one of the sittiug-roons, after the house bad been clhsed tar the night. This was easily a effected and the men, with dark a lantern, were statiouned one a: the foot of the stairs, the other on the lauding 1 hall w,,y tup.. They had been here in t plerftct silence and darkness nearly au a iahour, wlhen a 'liaeavy.dour gratiung on rusaty Lines., wade the one on :he I landing grasp I!ib truacheson .nd hould his I'l.tern in +e;ti'diess. Footsteps I canme softly down,t and eomethitaa I aseemed to irushb by. lie struck at it as it passed, and at the sanme time I turned on tis liglht, calling, " Lookout I,beloa, mate!" iouthiag was visible. i There was a low !taaning cry as he struck, but he felf no resista'nce. T''li man atihe foot of the stairs heard the sound, quickly turned hIis'lantern oni in that directiun, aud rushed down the passage as if in pursuit, fillawed. by tiae tither at full -speed., The noise roused some off the household, who, I when they hIadsummnused courage to appear.. wereconfoulded _r.t fitdiag a themselves wet by guardians instead of 'diatorbers of the peace.' ?: ..'The ,two jolicemaaa were utterly puzzled. Both lad distianctly hearld the I great door open, and the desceanding a footstels, as well its ihe 'low cry, liklle th6 t cry of sionme one in feaf ofr pain. ' Each had felt soulethiug flAt by, , but Luth described it asimnore'hlke a cold blast bf wind than any bodily thing. They hitd a both run to try aad prevent its escape, but oil reaching the end of the passage, is here it vwas crossed bIy another ain the toram of a T, ulthing was-tu ,beo-see. They were quite certain t hat no ilor.had beeil olpened oo either side, aial ithis.isiart a of the house teruaiiiated ia .the era.,a passage, the only access to the priacialn sittiau--roaas and vitibiilu beting throughla passage room, or the kitchen, which was built out. Both these 'dbars' of at.nnuaictatiuo were always' lo':ked at ,night, land wtere i nw last: ' The ratiotas wvere exaniilted bhit tna traces of aany ilniaador were perdetltibli ill eit liar VsWhile this was going not, below, Eleanuia, , who had sat up ill her father's itaonll, had, a ;it the first shutnd.C :ttiny. tiovenutat. gouie :at 'oce to the.bedrotus puiceatliad'by ,the maids, every one oaf a lbu iacludiag, the suspected Sarah, she' fuuiad quietly asleep. After this siguill failuhe on tlhe; art If the p.lice, the ghost became an estab lished fact, iind tlie )l ace ulla tilaliii-lale, Serv'tit al'ter servait" gave - warning; JMrs Wilkins beacame' liystericail; ''te t cook took to drinking;g - her_ spirits' was that lots," sthe said .iu,excuse.; and, except the stoical. Sarahi, who never klnued the ghost du o iharm as long as it was left alone,' everybody was misore or less unnerved. A few weeks after these occurrences the cotlonel's medical attatldant having advised his trying some new -galvanice trdattuent, the famuily Iad to move up to town. Eille and Lucy wvere glad euuug h to go, both sharing, to it certain degree, iti the alarm felt by the servants, ihough .e?ch it: a different way. Eflie inclined to the supernatural view, while Lucy held last to her burglarious theory, for, she said, ": I ow could a ghorst, at imoia terial -being,- break her .thread and string ?' It was now late tai the spring..' and must of the neighbitiriug famihles bhad left tile country :tso tbhe Fearoaas had tput niaati adieux to tnke, except aaonuag the few poor with whounli they held rcla tiolls,;P alanot here-beitig -iatnoved frola any closely-inhabited. . pItart -of the cautttry. 'here was all uld. bed.ridldes wtmatint, to whtam tile girls had sh!tawa a kiltndless, aOtd theytsverit over i one mtiurti ilig to) pay her theirfareaell vriit.- :i'boh i falmily had been anmuoh liked, alld their asuddel - deliarture was a regret. tl till. SAh, dear !' said the oll dalte, *I'bIheird as how you was a guoing to flitl \V ell, it will be a libs'to ine,'thougli- :'did', taut see ye ofteti, being lat adidtitce. -Btit it was sunlethaig' to .tliink. of; thitt I mighti have It look of your bright faces when ytau stopped ilqyour rides to tay a L atad word, or bring' tane t 'littile dainty Itaw and theta. J'I iaii tarir"tir la??se: je, yotutg ladiesa, brit I att tlias ia .Ya.a sur. taried. Notie dates st ty lutng ;ait Mator bere. 'The ghost drivel 'elll out, all uta ' Youao dotl seern to believe us wlatsl we sa;y it oil accllaiut of paila?'hetilla thal ae arne uiatatg aw lay. btat you kllawa t he ceaule to these :ll.rtJs cxpressly fa!ral it, t huaittg ; lat d.ns, a itlce ac is nccicadet tlie elt.as litever bletit itble tat got outt there is a Iothltig. to keep IIS here.' a Ah I yes. N?t duubt tiere's reastits. r "Ihere'su.?always reasotiS. But still. it i coallest to alts; tiitte dats stity ita titt haausie tdil ia tas y it, bl~ef tt Cg8l;tati 8 drives aoi away e. tay wb?it the) will.': d 't a f hiat.a istt the ghost 'l"' \halat :daes I it daa WlaaritbgrE it there 1 Do tell e :: \Vell, ladies, I can tell you. hat iI ve a beerd: Yi?n. see,? the Clel?,dota--tlibe a familay is 3I.Iatrlaere beloiageai to-wans "els, yts a bhiddish ot, .12 They -we'za tll a iild from f alter to siat, atId th.ey d'a atk nk ttd tlaey gdintaled, taild Ih h;assita biad r Wiyaa, fafrom year's etd to year's eld, anlld Siull tahrotliru itiat oair therllt olyey.,; AtiIl s thit e.y wauld jo"a ri?rd out uof tite a .'ya aid tlte plaaea wa allht ohp, qud let agyO ta rack nald ruiIa,~lhe:ibtl d htause i. ts paiJled downtlsbecalsa they thltutght at ('ass aot Wsarthl relarinag .(It lf'id got intu.tule craditot:as-hatads by thaa.). .Ab.I at is a ib tileplace was thd Lidge wlieli I first rteleneabiha it, ifo?re' ilhe trees ias e ot di,,wl, atad thCepata;k ftblutaghd ala,. ,,td-aOid t ,o r ?i bt i b ?t? . laaw Jloaig agnoas. thatl u ? e A umatter of lif.i'ye;iars-or itghler a sixty ilaiy be. l'cht teil' 1. t Clelidolls Scotm back here ta. bide, tilere wIrll't aI laov half lllt. lut thl great house s twtS itarc :till: otily part ans altut up, becaittIia IL t\i'tit L outlall td ahlaf. T'lh:y a ?wa a glatziaut .el, aheau Cletadtati, bat t thie gaetry about did ttl lake to tIltin I, IIch, a i do. a do tn'L thik lthey cartd a hetaier they did or tae, They had Sth.ir iitedn I ln o I lU Lutnldon tlayilig i tla ?. i here, tat Iatths tttyaether, atal S'Freichl fatilk; aid thea Otai',s oil at the s Lodge was thte Ilak of t o ountlry. a iThiera wae gaoila, , and d ociung, autaI j lay-teattt,: t at i. aaid, oia' on every • ,,0•............. night; and there was some new dances tihey had learned in France, and they I was thought undecent here in England. i I must say they were pleasant to look at, all thugs people-pretty, and gay. I and merry. I would go out to my I gate to see 'ermr cose by, such a many t together, all talking and laughing,, ridiug aud driving; and j.olk nickin i about. They didn't care wlhat they spent, tonr see, the Clendol's didn't, for they didn't 'iay anyi.odul, and n hey a knew it cOUlrllu't last; so it was a short life anrid a mirry l fur them.. They lived mostlv in the new- wing, what is the siew house now. It was called new, I though I beerd say more nor a hundred I yeurs old; and they threw two roomorns into cue tol make' thi drawil'n.rtol I n·here they had their dances a:ilI tooip. ; \Well, tile nearest neighbours tllhen wa s the Perigals, of Dour Grange. Very. strict folks they was to be sure Ne'er no -jlulketings tit:r gay guin's was lieerd of in that Lhouse; no lau-h ilug nor siugiuig, excelptit was lhymrns ; but ulways.grave faces .aand . suletni voices And as to plays, or. dalcings, or cards, or, for. the uatter of, that, gaines of itiy sorto ; they thought themrn thit.gs was so .:lany 'traps laid bh the devil to cntea souJls. It wris alI?ay' "reachiug alrd tpr?iylg that ielit Oi I there ; so you may suppose,.ladies, whit the Cleldols anld tLelr duitiUs was to thema. Ar Perigal said 'thtey tuaik in Iisibsatrils,' and he alwv'ys loklled as if they did ; and the more thlie 'll7 orbere I Feple rackited, l :c;th secri!he Perigals' klpt to tteir trict waays.: As. ill-iuck would have it, just atore this'time ir t Sit'igal'a' atter-t,.raw, died, ianld her daughter beih:g left a orphan, t rbod' to live, witli heri uiiclel "apd ullit ati the Grauge. P or chili I i dii pity .'her. -:..he was ; a " bit flighty itn htr:.ways but she :bhad alwaysP Iirti used to a cheerlul homlne and younc Jerk. for Lcompaitons std the Grarge was a .niu betterthai 'a pisiih to li.r. i'u maike a hllrg sty ?, shiri, rlle tsulmeh"w uultl knowledge of the .Cu'l,do? ladies.. it was" quite itliotcetly at Litst. She met tlhem. driving out. ilna lurie hcere they gottut'it Soire Strait with tihe 'Iiponies, or louatthe'r way, 1 tt?itk.: bhe: tried to dirert.themi but thy'd.a'rrt understand quite, so they brggid her to het. imtu the pluny-chaiac and go along o' thrm, and show t!;en, and so she-did--Sire was a pretty?reatur- I rndi tlkiiug.a-iY so --wyre tLriy,1 to-u di?o e I justice; r:?d hlenisie git'; colowand' left tlle;nl :.itey said ithey hoped to see her 1 u gai. Her uuldle "l'd quitt were iit : sad. way w hie..they, -eard .whaLt had chliriced. Shie did'nt tIlake lo colceal- i lmeits about it at first, ;,tid do think she was druv.tt it, ifter, hliiig b' theiir beiu' so very strick ?ud ;hard upor" her a home. Shite did lend it dreary life of it. . She was never trusted out alone after th:it. She was not stroug-iii her, health, and she had a polny to ride, .lhichwehws a'mtot her rn)ly pleasure ; but t sie never. went.out 'wit hunt the old -itan servant behind, to see. he cimet. to noer hilnI, unlest.ss r.iPerigal was with her himself. One day, i.cir, shoiuld she fall ini with, but a picnic party from Manior itere, aud the ladies she had lllei the day t they lost theimselves'ctnite up sot free and I pielei'at, at'd asked her' to jroin'iheir lulnch. She come rounid old' lhihaid with her pretty coaxirng ways' t keel, it secret from her guardiana s; and so by.little anid little'she got to make meetings with her new friends. :Ba- d "frieinds they tuas to I her, but I don't , thirk..they ite;ait her any harnti. ' 'hey' lhked iter, sid thtiigiht toirtmuse her : onily they led her iinto deceit" ;tiud false w 'ys, Oe:. Oe'of. the I Iyoung gentlemen was taken with her ]retry face."' id girt' sweetli?e:tirg f If her.; arild ode 'day i\eh'?itliey y were dancitg ot <thqegraissu, he: wa!lted heir to be his. partner in,; one of tiheir new. fangled dainces. Of course i?as kiow? ed nothint of it though 8lie tiase'd to drslce iti her g,?n, iotne, i ald ;e foui' Loutsl: a coiutr} .dance wiih the best of 'emin Bile a her, shed was'as lisou.a is a'fairy: ! I' o, ttheir; they iaid: tliey inus't teach her; aitd ,hbe to"ik td it like rittur', atd said there V?tier win atyditnilgo- au dtehghtful tlei they told sier , they,, ,prat, ti?ed it every' ight at thie Lodge, ind she tntist consu thefi u-dmil r?ike?uili '", them For.ar:.llttle tit?e shie stood out that she Iiuui't, aurd she dursutn' t, and wit i w: uukl colie of it. if uscle alid auutt fpund out I ' \el'il'tlld"if they dii, :'thiey: cirn't, -sellad, you'to utgeiy,' -acid 'Cleircdor, wheor'iavcrr: feirefb God tier dcvil.' Aid they1 itillauhlld hie lier: tilird persuaded of iter, bo at last it wclais settled how-itrehould it.- After ',lie wts guoiu to her s.ou .at. lllg tif--llere.was , ary rs at% the OGiaige.aLt ,l Itfas;sitine, itid w i ethey ;were over tl?e hobuse wa sh?it.up, aitd til tihe lights was put dul itaid everybody wentttu_obed--he w'ils to1litu out cit tilt witidaw, trdidher yuctig iaisi waf to sisiet her, tilu- triak her to ttuiorehera niu si tyd the 'od oir',r of the ,-htcuse, ,aid shrtlurough hsarred tip this ,tnsy a yc,.i r lei), e ,nd duow i to- the- duisngc-roisun i" aid cc iten, their jitlnks wtlsl ti.l er. -,tno oftjesnitopi her i agit i all ciii the sIy., midot' iltois°t ow u lotlg thlss.welt il illlt lbut lt trtiy times, 1 shouldl think1 srshe'd Iikuly got caught. It ?'Ji tlhve bheel bient fr.bcr if ait i:d~ , poor thitig I Lut one isttl, ,t shire a ai whbirnbg roulid .lid 'routid withl:her lurhor, and his irin ruatiid aicr, he 'elt her beai, heavy all of ai "?udden, autd thirn slide .anrry to the Sirlu!d. ThIcy all sitouliped ill a frigh;!i iltd !iteCd her up, ind c;irried her to thu co'ic; but uo busllit feathers Ior vincllgarr, inor ailybthiig else, try itac they nmight, r would bring her to. They rode ol like mad f'U or ia dutr. sld he tcott gallop tum back ciiLh 'mur; but he could doi t nothing. he ras diead!' ' juod hcitvc i! how shockitlg !' cried Elic. ' A'h ! )ou may) say so, nlis; cuit offl' Slikre that iii the uridut of her ,i.. 1' L L There' o, sini iin daticirg," .aid I Lucy. Stlut therm is ill dihobedicrice, miss, 1 nId deceit I Thire doe or hie said it ~n a Sdiasre of the heart ; buit Mlr Peritnl, bh iuvLcer wtrltld ibe Lersuiaded but whaitt it I was a judgieirt o:i her for seekiing after S, carual lleaurre ; aind he cursed the Cleudons and nll their lot, as the devil's imps misleadiing the rna try. They was more strict ant sei?hus than ever, af:ter that, at the Gratrge, and the h,~ :e was Slke a tomb for gloominess ; f..r they ha:h loveI their teiec after the.r fei,.a, - nd they Iloked on KI:r .:: 1-: s,::I. I.Though, for tny lnar:, I c.im't help thiAk ing the Aniiv.ity :~1:, mly:Vy,,, Lav, mercy on a lpoor misguided child.' ' You are a better Christian than they were,' said Lucy. Sl?Ut what way lhe end of the Clen duns I' a-ked Ilfie. " Well ! Even they seemed suberad like by that chocking night's work. The jparty broke up anon after, and all Aentl away fir gaoo. The family eover cme back. al I've h erdl as how the las: o, 'em d;:ecd in frrin luts. The cree it(,r co Ie iald t-,,k ,,,..-e.si?,n, Iand the property nas cut up t:id sald ntTf Several dtfierent families has had the house, but tile for lo]it . 'JThey do say that of ai night, ashen all is quiet, th.,t old door is heerd to softly creak. creak, aid then footsteps go stealingt d. imn stairas ; and then, by-anid.h)ye, they cinl creeping tip again, and ,the doir cr.itks againt, and saunds as it it was shut to.. BBut tinthilng is ever seen.' S'.flie lihtened to this raci!al with h'sort of fascinated terror, and repeated it with its eerie ;particulars; to her.. fathef and E!ienttir aw n ,they got borne. .a t. Lt ,1 SA nd t 'ou believe it really- is n ghost g',,ig to a" baili. do 'ou,-' ty .creduious little Ellie 4' said tlhe c?tiitel, pulliib'hle? earI pl3 fully, .... . SBut tlh noises,-papa I 't· e all hearfj them,. . .. . i n *: I hrve no dniibtl"o"di;!, aridlthit the noises exst, tlhugh ise' have lot ebcet :tle, to aiscoupt for thelin. But ddi't' vyot sae, my dear girls, that it was the noises i'that? iere t e c tuse of ,the ghost j not the ghtit the cause of the noises I' . When we ?it horne, of cour.-o, I 'told, a'l this to Captain Macnanartii' who, like till sailors, loved a qlhoat-'stiOt But Initheri of its were troutbled-witl nervous terrors. Q' ie!quiry we" fbun I that the sad story if the p;ior litttetjuantgirl was substtatittlly true; and :i?en- ntbh un?ate. passed from n or inillis. lI .Th ( To he Conliited.) - 