as REPORTS OF THE COUNCIL OF to EDUCATION, 1874. Foa the subjoined inspectoral reports s for the year 1874 upon a portion of the rg schools in the Queanbeyan district we re are indebted to our Yasseontemporary, a no copy of the reports having yet (ow at ing doubtless to some oversight) come w ir to hand here .g QUEANBEYAi (N.V). :- Inspected, .d 20th February, 1874 - Enrolled: :t Boys, 48 ; girls, 44; total, 92.-Pro 1\. scet :-Boys, 43; girls, 38; total, 81. o 1. No improvement has been made in the material condition. 2. The dis y cipline has somewhat fallen off since e last inspection, but with the small d supply of desks and forms and the de s, fective organisation, it is impossible to n rule the school properly. 3. All the d prescribed subjects .are taught except d singing. The mark for reading, D. writing, and geography, is above the n average, that for dictation, grammar, it object-lessons, and Scripture, well up tr the average, and that for arithmetic s, and drawing below The general pro k ficionoy is between fair and very fair. e JBUNGENDORE (N.-V., provisional): -Inspected, 20th" April, .1874. En rolled :-Boys, 12; girls, 8; total,20. Present :-Boys, 12; girls, 8; total, 20\. 1. Except that the small read ing-books are much worn, the material .condition is good in. all respects. 2. About two-thirds of the pupils are re gular, but a great number got late in the morning. The discipline is fair. _ 3. Under examination the children are bright and anxious to answer. Steady progress has been made during the year. The average proficiency is tolerable GsNNINDERRA (N.-V., provisional): e Inspected, 17th April, 1874. En rolled:-Boys, 5; girls, 10; total, 22\. Present:- Boys, 5; girls, 12; . total, 17. 1. The roons is large, but 1 there is no fireplace, and more sitting and writing aceoumodation is needed. 3 The school was only incidentally in spected, as the teacher in charge had not been recognised. GunDAaoo (V.) :-Visited, 3rd No vember. Numbers enrolled :-Boys, 20; girls, 14; total, 34. Numbers present :-Boys, 10; girls, 13 ; total, 29 A small room has been added to the teacher's residence. Thoediscipline lhas been improved, and is now tolera bly satisfactory. The attendance is rather low for the locality. The clas sification of the pupils. and the regula tion of the instruction may be rega. dod as satisfactory. Singing is not taught. In the other branches the t proficiency averages moderate. Geo graphy is particularly weak, and the S attainments generally are of a very 1 limited range. t UrrPn GUNDAnRtOO (N.V. Half-time): V -Visited, 4th- Nevember. Numbers a enrolled : -Boys; 11 ; girls, 10; total, I 21\. Numbers present--Boys, 7; girls t 7; total, 16. The school is worked in ti conjunction with Sutton, half-time, Some minor defects occur in the re cords. There are still no programmes of lessons, and others of the wall docu ments are wanting. The enrolment includes nearly all available children, 0 and the several features *of the disci pline are tolerably satisfactory. The classification is adapted to the attain- t suents of the pupils. Object lessons and drawing arc omitted. The profi cioney is moderate 'in each of the two b classes. g l3UNosNnoaE(R.C.)-inspected 24th ti April, 1874. Enrolled :-Boys, 27; girls 14; total, 41. Prcsent:--l3oys, Ii 24; girls, 14; total, 38. 1. The ma - torial condition is satisfaetory. 2. Three-fourths of the pupils are regu lar, and they are. more punctual in the b morning than they wore. The dieci. tI pline has improved in ail respects. 3. g All the prescribed subjects are taught, except singing. The mark for dieta tion is above the average, that for read- I ing, spelling, and writing up to the average, and that for grammar, object. a lessons, geography, and arithmetic bh low. T 'a general proficicncy is be- b twoen tolerable and fair. QUEANIIEYAN (Rt.O.)-Inspected, a 12th February, 1874. Enrolled Boys, 28 ; girls, 19 ; total, 47. Pre- tI sent-Boys, 19; girls, 12; total, S3. 1\. The building and fur-nitura are in a satisfactory condition. 2 Not niore than half the pupils arc regular, end the unpunetnality in the eaiorning is b excessive. The children talk, copy, and lounge about, and the discipline in every way is loose The government is feeble, and the whole spirit of the II school, depressing. 3. Partly owving C to iri-egularity and partly to want of' vignur and determination in the teach- y ing, the attainmients arc very poor, " and the progress niado since Inst -in spection is unsatisfactory. The avem--s age proficiency is between indj/ferent and maoderaefs. A new teacher has been "' placed in charge.o Cit~uoau Our.-Owing to an un usual demand on our epuice for adver- ci tising favours we are coumpelled to omit tI sesue leadinig matter and severalb items of news. l A boy nImeiie Alfred Matthews fell t down a claim at Sandhurst, a depth of a] 150 feet. Iiis skull va~s fractured. He fc was alive whlici asistance reiclied him, tI but died alimost imnnediatoly aftoi-. Witha reference in the late gas cx p lesion at Meolbourne it. is said, that a Mill, the gas engineer of the Theatre om Rtoyal, went to exailine the hydrogen c gasometer, 5s it was leaking, with e candle. As explosion immediately so took place. The gasometer resmi with b the men through the roof. The hoy T was killed, Mills is likely to recover. em The occurremmee took place before thu fu theatre was ojpened, and the porfor- i a mmance went en as usual, c. 'F, PRESBYTERTAN - The quarterly meeting of the Presbytery of Goulburn was held at Yass on Wednesday last. ts Present-Rev. W. Gardiner, of Yass, (who acted as moderator pro tern., in 1Q the absence of the Rev. G. Grimm, of e Young); Rev S. F. McKenzia, M.A., y, of Goulburn; and the Rev. G. L. Nairn, of Queanbeyan, ministers ; and W. MoBean, Esq., J.P., elder. A re e port fromn Braidwood, in favour of a call to the Rev. S. F. McKenzie, was 1, laid on the table by Mr Nairn; and \- sustained. Notices were given to a. the Braidwood and Goulburn congre L. gations to appear at the next meeting n of Presbytery by commission in their s- own interests. Mr Nairn was ap se pointed commissioner for the Braid 11 wood congregation, and stropgly urged their claims. A call from Tumut in o favour of the Rev. S F. 'deKenzio was a also tabled and sustained, the Pres it byteriau people there, who are not an organised church, liberally. offering e ยฃ350 per annum and a manse for the r, minister. A conference was hold by p the meeting on the state of religion, e and it was resolved to spend henceforth h half an hour during every meeting of Presbytery in devotional exercises for the revival of God's work. Mr Gar diner and Mr MeeBoan were appointed ). assessors to enable the Rev. G. L. I, Nairn to form a church session at 1\. Queanboyan. Mr Nairn presented a I report from the Coo0na congregation, l. and received the thanks of the meet ing for his attention to that chureh, a and was appointed moderator of its session. It was resolved that the next a regular meeting of the Presbytery should be hold at Braidwood on the g 14th July, and that in connection a therewith special religious services should be hold, Mr Gardiner to preach on the revival of religion, and Mr Nairn to conduet the devotional exer cises. The Presbytery was then closed with prayer. t BAPTISM OF A MAHOMEDAN AT MIcArtoo.-The followfng interesting particulars of the baptism of a convert from the religion of Mahoinat to that L of Jesus Christ, were supplied to us by the Rev. G L. Nairn. There lives at Micalago in the employ of Messrs Ryrie Bros., an intelligent native of s Singapore named Adger Bookeos, son of Miassia and Ami Bookoes, of the same 'place. Adger has been but a short time out of his native land, but is making satisfaetory progress with his English studies, particularly read. and writing. On the 17th inst., on the occasion of Mr Nairn's visit to Micalago, Adger came voluntarily to the rev. gentleman and asked to be ad mitted into the Christian Church by tie rite of baptism. Upon inquiry it was ascertained that the candidate had been for some time past under the tui tion of Mr John 'White, of Micalego, with what results the following ex amination will show. Having ex plained the nature and principles of the Christian faith, the candidate was questioned, anid answered, as follows: Who siade you ?-God. Who redeemed you ?-Josus Christ. Who sanctifies you ?-The Holy Ghost Of what are you made ?-The dust of the earth. What is within your body ?-My soul. ยบ Will your body die ?-Yes, and go to dust again. - t Will your soul die ?-No. Where will the soul go to when the body dies ??-lf I am good, my soul will go to Heavou ; if I am bad, it will gos to Hell. Will a lost soul ever come out of a hell, according to the Christian belief? -No, it wvill burn. According to the Mahomedan belief ? -Yes ; burn him up, burn him up, t burn him up ; then gather him togo. ther; then burn him up again; then get out. Who is Jesus Christ ?-God's Son. 1 Where did Jesus Christ come-from ? a Heaven. d What to do ?-To save people round 'I about. Where did He die-in His bed 7 No; on the cross. Where is He now ?-Gone to Heaven again. Will Hejudge the world ?-Yes; att the last day. Does Hle love all men ?-Yes, r Can IH alone save from sin ?-Ycs. _ Can Mahiomet save froii *sin 7-No; Afahoinet no good, no good, sir. None but Jesus Christ can do men good. What do you think of Jesus ?-I love Jesus, aind lie loves me. Why do you wish to be baptised ? Because I believe in the Lord Jesus Christ. Will time sprinkling of water save you ?-No; Jesus Christ alone can saWhen~ you arc baptised will you be safe-will that secure your salvation 7 I -No; I must always trust in Jesus we arc all sinners ; we need ~serey every day. l What is your duty when you are re ceived into thin Christian Church by o the sacrament of baptism ?-To try to I he a good man ; not to swear, or toll l] lies, or drink, or do anything that is t wicked in God's sight ; to pray to God, t to Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost, vi to make nsa a good men ; to pray for all people, to make themn good; to pray ~, for may countrymen for God to- make 11 them good, for God to tarn them from a Mahomet to Jesus Christ. e WVill you by God's help try and load ( a consistont'lifo ?-I will cast mayseolf r on God and seek mercy through Jesus Christ. - .i These answers being deemed. very satisfactory, Adger lBookees was then baptised in the name of 'the Holy l8 Trinity, by the name of James Sotst; iand Mr Nairn bus promised to 'have |further interviews with thiis'ioterest Sing convert, from time to time,, asU 00-' U casion may afford. 