feiitinn" mil) fhites. \- SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 13,1875. '. THE odium which is attempted to *' be heaped upon the present Minis-j " try for the action they have taken " in. the tnatter of the disputed land cases is not likely, so for as we VeaadiBCcrn.tohave thedesired effect" Theh whytrouble themselves about it? No one finds fault with thein ' for any honest endeavor to get the /iiui&tpr; »ettled, but when an appeal is made - to the "traditions" of the ? "Macambtob party" on this point, it is impossible not to laugh till one's sides ^ are shaken. Who aro the; MiOAl-WTER - party ? - his friendsj tvhon that gentleman stood for the ] -Beatera Downs - his friends who' Alternately, repellont and attractive, danced around him for two years ?before that time-or his friends since j -lie last returned to parliament ? And as to the "traditions," what was the . practice ? Is it or is it not the fact '*> ithftt at tlic time the proclamation of { . forfeiture was first issued a prominent' member of the then caUinot-strong In the MACALIKTER dement-insisted ... «pon its cancellation because of the monetary strait of the government of the day hammed by yearly defi , dairies . and peeping round every \- corner for the ghost of a half-penny to iicip them out of the mess. Is tliis one amongst the "traditions" which the MACAMBTER party are to glorify. But the Ministry and their apolo gists will still insist on knocking their heads against the law, and in foolishly calling the public attention foi their doing so. 1 hey put one in mind of CUHRAN'S chimney sweep, ' who, not content with crawling, through dark and dirty ways to an uiieiiviabli' <*»finrn<t\ would insist on thuutinT lo tin'whole nri^hboihofid to witness Lis sooty elevation. For we have now a very extraordinary doctrine laid down-that when an express decision of the Supreme Court lias declared crown grants issued under certain circumstances to be illegal the Crown can still con tinue to issue them as legal. What is the real state of the case. The Supreme Court lays down the Jaw thuu:-You John Jones took up ground under the Act of 18(>(j; by the terms of your taking you were bound to perform certain conditions within twelve months from its date. If you did not so perform them, you, by that failure alone, forfeited your title. Whether the government took note of the fact or not-if there were no government at all-or if every governmont in succession gave you a title that forfeiture remains incurable until the legislature, which created its possibility, remits the penalty. We in common with most Bano people suppose the Judges of the Supreme Court to know some thing of the law they are appointed to administer, and bush lawyers, or laymen, ail find themselves com pelled to abide by their decision, as the ATTORNEY-GENERAL and the Ministry will find by-and-bye they will have to do whether they like it or not. The Ministry say-for that is the offect of their apologists argument (?) -we don't cave a jot for the law, or the Supreme Court which declares it. We shall constitute ourselves judges of the intentions of the persons who failed to comply with the prescribed conditions, and if satisfied on that point we shall continue to issue the grants, whether forfeiture, as in the opinion of the judges, accrued or not ? In other words ttiey will deliberately issue a set of deeds under circum stances which the Supreme Court deolares render all such deeds value less and their issue illegal. There is a sublimity even in impudence, but wo could hardly have imagined it reaching the height of a mere minis ter of a day-for it is a minister and not tho Crown-coolly setting, not the Supreme Court itself, for that would be dangerous, but its decisions, at defiance, and then attempting to take credit for an act whose validity can only be tested at the expense of the poor dupes who are foolish enough to look upon the deeds as anything but mere pieces of waste paper. Is it supposed that this bare faced attempt at getting rid of the [ ettfect of a solemn legal opinion will go Unchallenged. Granted that the decision of the Privy Council sup ports tbat of our judges, and what becomes of all our pretentious docu ments. Will any one in tho mean time advance a single sixpence upon them, will any one buy a single acre so granted or assumed to be? Will any one, in fact, with the coolness of a MINISTER FOR LANDS tell the Supreme Court that it may interpret the law as it likes but he knows better-that to him it is a mere non entity. Wo might perhaps find some such person so long .as he was in as safe a position as that minister and suffered no personal risk-but where risk enteis into the .question we do not believe that he can posBibly be found. The whole question now as to the 1866 cases lies in a nutshell. Is the Ministiy of the day or the highest legal tribunal in the colony to be regarded as the interpreters of the law-*-and when the law is declared, is the mere fact of a man being a minister to qualify him for acting in direct opposition to tho declaration. The closer these questions are put and the more deliberately they are weighed, the greater will be seen to be the importance of tho answer. THE MEETING on Monday night last in the Town Hall cannot be accepted as a true state of feeling in connec tion with the alteration in the rules of the Hospital Indignation meet ings ore not at any time the places where calm discussion is expected, and where matters of importance can be dccidcd in a dispassionato manner. The meeting on Monday night, how ever, was a little different to the enerality of these, as there was no iscu8sion no dissension, simply from the fact that it was too packed and too one-sided- Those who did not agree with the speakers calmly looked on and held their tongues. They were wise in doing so, for if they had spoken they would only have laid tuemselves open to being howled down by the mob who had been hunted up and driven to the meeting like a lot of sheep by those indiBcrcet leaders who were known to be riding about all day mustering up their supporters. The promoters hod it all tlieir own way. They said what they liked; they gave full vent to their injured dignity. There was no impediment in their course, and they consequently blew ofT steam very fast and ran themselves through their programme in the short space of thirty minutes. There was a very large attendance, but the way in which the meeting was packed was too palpable to be mistaken. Of the large number who voted for the re solutions (some of whom to make sure holdiiigupboth hands) it is certain that three fourths were no^ subscribers,and it is questionable whether they ever hove been; and n mover of one of the resolutions 1ms not had his name on <li? fiubscvibci'.i' liat. for years. Many of them seemed to have only two objects in view;-one was to applaud the speakers (which they did at ttie most unimportant periods) and the otlier was to hold up their hands in favor of the propositions. The statements made by the movers of the resolutions-especially one were, to say the very least, a tissue of misstatements and exaggerations. lie could not disguise the fact that he was labouring under some severe disap pointment; and while smarting under the pang of seeing that the days of his power in impudently arrogating to himself the control of the hospital were numbered, he did not think it below his standing to make charges ugainst the Police Magistrate both untrue and unfounded, lie took the trouble to read from one of the rules, but his quoting was mis-quoting and was done with a purpose. He im puted motives to the Police Magistrate whioh that gentleman would scorn to be connected with. He made it appear that Mr. Pinnock as member oi' the committee desired to send pauper patients to the hospital when lie liked and as frequently .-is he liked, when ho knew very well that Mr. Pinnock desired nothing of the sort, and had publicly stilted so. All these things were told unhesitating ly and in the style of one well up to using *'oily gammon but he forgot to tell the audicucc that while he denied the representative of the Government the power of sending j pauper patients to the hospital 011 the reoommendation of the Government medical officer, a certain official had arrogated the power of sending at least half a dozen patients to the institution on his own signature alone. This he ought to have done; but then it would have been too strong evidence that a change was required in the management of tiie institution. How a large number of cards came into his possession, and who gave him power to use thein, arc questions which the Governors will require to be answered before they are satisfied. Is it not time then that there was some alteration in the direction of this institution ? And if its affairs have been managed in a loose way hitherto, is it not time that they were now set in order? The first step of this has now been taken, and when the aggravation of a few disappointed people subsides, the public will ac knowledge that all credit is due to Mr. Finnock and those who have assisted him in sweeping from a most valuable institution a system of cliqueism and mismanagement. The Colouial Secretary's attention, however, has also to be called to these facts. It was suggested that he should interfere in the matter, mean ing that he should be requested to give the Police Magistrate a "rap on the knuckles" for taking part in the hospital proceedings. The Colo nial Secretary, however, is not so j easily lead away. He will require some stronger reason that he should interfere than the fact that as prin- j cipal government officer here lie is determined to see the public grant to the hospital spent in the most advan tageous way. This when it comes to the knowledge of the Colonial Secre tary, will, instead of injuring the Pohce* Magistrate, redound to his credit, and the correction is more j likely to be given to those who are meddling with theservice than to him. Mr. Pinnock has not, like some Police Magistrates we have had here, shown a strong party leniency. He lias never allowed Ins judicial posi tion to be governed by private feel ing, although we have known such to occur with some previous Police Magistrates, and their actions were applauded by the very partisans who now condemn Mr. Finnock. He lias not interfered in any politi cal or party question, or shown him self in the slightest degree biassed one way or another since his appoint ment in Warwick. Why then should the Colonial Secretary's attention be called to his connection with the Hospital ? Perhaps with some people his refusal to have to do witli any political party is more of a crime than otherwise, for it is one "who will work with theui" that is wanted and not a straightforward independent man. The Colonial Secretary how ever will see these things in a proper light, and we do not believe that the bottle of smoke which was let off on Monday night will have any effect except it be that of censuring the principal movers in it 