DESTITUTE GERMAN IMMIGRANTS. EXTRAORDINARY DISCLOSURES. (From the Australian.) The "extraordinary story" which appeared in The Argus of Friday (extracted from the Maryborough Standard), relative to a number of German families being in a starving condition on the Major Plains, entsed a considerable amount of surprise here, as no body. had heard anything of the affair before; but upon making a visit to the spot, it was found that, _lthough the letter of Mr. Grubs contained many in. correct statements, the main facts were true. The Germans consul having forwarded Mr. Grube's letter to the chief commissioner of police, Captain Standish telegraphed to Inspector Brook Smith, at Wangaratta, on Friday to at once, proceed to the locality, and, on behalf of the Government, render any assistance re quired, Upon reaching Benalla, Mr. Smith, with the represetative of The Argue, and accompanied by an interpreter, started for the locality referred to. pon reaching Dookie or the Major Plains- for the place is know by either name-it was found that the Germans were not located at that place, but some twenty miles further on, at what is known as the Hill Plains,-on the Yarrawonga Station, belonging to Messers Nichol and Telford. It was also stated that. here were two encampments of the Germans, one about four miles distant from the other, and situated on the Cocked-hat Creek, but on the same run. After travelling all night, the party reached the Cocked hat Creek, and found the German encampment. It was. fortunate that an interpreter had been taken, as not' .f the immigrants could speak a word of Eng lish. Before proceeding to describe the camp, it may be well to explain the reasons that led these poor people to leave their native land. It appears that they all come from some small villages, near Hainau, in Silesia.'They profess the Lutheran religion, but a few years ago a young woman, named Maria Heller, was seised with epiieptic fits, and pretended to receive Divine inspiration during these attacks. The villagers began to believe in her, especially as one or two of her statements, or what she termed prophecies, relative to local matters came true. At last she prophesied the France-Prussian war, and when that took place their belief in her was boundless. In 1874, in one of her fits she announced that the Lord had told her that in a very short time a frightful war would break out, and would devastate not only Germany but the whole of Europe, and that Australia would be the only safe place in the world. She therefore called upon them to follow her to that place, and promised that after remaining there ten years she would bring them back to Jerusalem; which would be their second resting. place after which they would return again to Ger many and find peace and plenty after all their wan- derings. They believed her story, and at once com meaned preparations for their long and weary journey. All their little savings were put into one common fund, and, carrying with them their household effects, they left Silesia, numbering sixty-four souls, and made 'their way to Hamburg, where they took the steamer to London, in order to get a ship to carry them to Australia,their land of promise. They ook passage in the steamer Somersetashire, and arrived in Melbourne in April last. Here four of the party seceded, thus reducing the number to sixty. Their stock of money at this time amounted to #210 they made inquiries about taking up land, and knowing that there were two settlers in the Benalla district who came from their own part of 8ilesia, they decided to settle near them, and accordingly made tlheir: way to their present camping ground. The settlers referred to are two brothers named Carl and William' Berndt, and not Burns, as was stated. From what can be learnt Mr. Carl Berndt has behaved very kindly to these poor people, but just now they have disagreed. for when he found that instead of taking the sound advice he gave them, they persisted in ac- cepting the ravings of the woman Heller, and doing as she ordered them, he declined to have any further business transactions with them; As he is the only one n the vicinity who can converse with them, this is 'no doubt a great loss to them, and they therefore feel all the more wroth. .Prior to visiting the Ger man's encampment a halt was made at the hut of Gray's, a shepherd at Cocked-bat Creek, on Mr. Tel. ford's run" about a mile distant from the Germans. This was done with a view of ascertaining from some of the neighbours whether there was any knowledge in the district of the alleged starving condition of the new settlers. In answer to questions put, Mrs. Gray said that there were three or four families lower down the creek. They had been in very poor health for some time, owing to the want of proper food, but they were getting better. She: had given them milk, and eggs, and goat's flesh, for which they had been very thankful. --8he thought they were kindly disposed people; as in return for what she had given them, two of them went to her place one day and chopped and stacked a lot of wood for her, but refused to take any payment, although money was offered. She had heard about a woman who controlled them. . Mrs. Gray, although strongly pressed on this point, a' declined to' say what these stories were, and conse quently there was a great desire on the part' of those present' to: "interview" the prophetess, as she is termed/ Proceeding down the creek about a mile, the German settlement was reached, and the party were courteously received ,and invited to enter. Mr. Miers, the inter- preter at once entered into conversation with them, while the others made a tour of inspection of the huts. The people' appeared to be delighted to meet with a countryman they were soon engaged in explaining their condition 'The settlement consisted of three bark huts with two outbuildings constructed of the same material.' Two of the huts have only one room, but the third was considerably larger and contained two rooms, one of them being used as a general room for the whole of the settlement. This room measured about 65ft by 25ft. There are three families located at this place and originally they consisted of eight adults and two children. One of the men has since died, and when the huts were visited on Friday there were only:'three women, one man, and two children at home. -The absence of the others was ex plained by the statement that they had gone up to the mill to obtain three bags of flour on credit if possible The main work was at a carpenter's bench in the general room while the women were sweeping the earthen floors and performing other domestic duties. At one-end of the general room was the fire place, and there was a large tin of flour mixed in readi ness to make damper of. One of the women was cut ing up some small cabbage and lettuce plants,and this they:stated was to form their meal for the day. The only furniture consisted of a rough table and two or three equally rough stools. There was a carpenter's bench in front of the opening that served as a window and on this were a number of well-worn tools. The sleeping rooms, which measured about 20ft. square, were also very clean, the beds being arranged in a row down the centre. Some of the bed-steads were low iron ones but in one of the huts they were simple stretchers, while the.two children slept in a large bunk , in one corner. The furniture, what there was of it, had evvdently been brought from Germany, and a great saving of money might well have been effected if the greater portion of the old rubbish had been left behind. A number of solid old oak chests served as seats and in each hut was a great heavy ward robe. At the back of the huts about three-quarters of an acre of land had been cleared, and turned into .a vegetable garden. It was surrounded by a neat fence, and was well laid out. In one corner a small flower-garden had also been prepared, and up. Speaed to be flourishing. The only man here was about sixty. years of age, lean and withered in ap pearance, who said he was a carpenter by trade. His wife, the' counterpart of himself, was in good health, while the younger womlan of the three was evidently well able to do a hard day's work. She was tall and strongly-built, but had apparently not the best of tem. pers. The third woman was weakly, and complained much of severe pains in the head and general weak ness-the latter no doubt arising from the want of proper and sufficient nourishment. The old man, in answer to inquiries, stated that althougl they were some distance away from the main body of the immi grants, they were all working together as one com pany. They did not all come from the same village in Silesia, but they had all lived within a radius of three miles of Hainau. The reason they had come out to Australia was because the Almighty commanded them to do so. This was said with a great deal of reverence. They had placed their money in one com mon fund, which was used for the benefit of all. When they first arrived in the district they stopped fire weeks with Carl Berndt, and they took up some land. They had amongst them 860 acres, of which 700 acres was at Hill-plains, and 100 acres at Cocked-hat Creek. They selected the land in June last, but had not yet paid any rent for it. What little money they had when they arrived had been spent in purchasing rations, and when that was finished they sold two horses and a dray which they had purchased in Mel bourne. This money had also been spent in getting 'food, and now they had no more left. They sold the two horses for £5 each, and the drag for £7. He could not say how much they paid for them in Mel bourne, as they did not understand English. A man named Grubb had transacted all their business for them. He denied that they had been starving, but at the scame time they had had very little meat or vegetables, their principal food being flour made into damper. Out of the 890 acres they had taken up they had cleared and fenced about 60 acres, on which they had wheat and barley growing. They fully expected this crop would carry them through the winter, but at the same time if they could obtain some little as sistance in food until the harvest was gathered they would feel very thankful. He was asked whether it would not be possible for some of the able-bodied women to go into service, so as to render a little assist ance to the common fund. One of the women, how oever, strongly protested against such a course. She said that it would be impossible, as they would all have to work together in getting the rest of the land fenced, doing the work the sick people were unable to do, and also assist shortly in getting in the harvest. As there appeared to he a strong objection to the party separating, this point was not pressed. The old man further stated that all that Carl Berndt had to do with them was to pay the carriage of their luggage from Melbourne to Benalla by the train. The old man also expressed himself rather bitterly respecting ten of the party who had seceded, although their pas sage to Australia had been paid out of the common fund. He explained that they were working for Carl Berndt, and this appeared to him to be an aggrava tion of their conduct. A start was next made for Carls erndt's place at Hill-plains. Mr. Berndt has a large selection here, and has also a farm near the lime-kilos at Major plains, wlhich is at present in charge of his brother Wilhelm. On the two farms he has no less than ten of these poor Germans, seven of them being children, who, when visited, were busily engaged in the bey feld. The adults in his employ are August Schmidt, a blacksmith, and his wife. Mr. Berndt states that as these people came from near his own village he felt an interest in them, and was desirous of rendering them every assistance in his power, especially as there were none amongst them able to speak English. When they first arrived in Melbourne two of their number came up to Major-plains to ask him about land. He explained tothem that there was land open for selection at Hill-plains near his own farm, and also informed them of some fine land being open for selec. tion in another part of the district. They, however, desired to settle near their countrymen, and sending all their luggage by train to Benalls, the whole party took the road, camping each night on tilhe way. When they arrived at Hill-plains they at once proceeded to Mr. Berndt'se place, and as they had very little money he paid the sum of £59 10s., the railway freight of their luggage. They remained with him seven weeks, during which he fed them while they were looking out for land and getting it surveyed. Some of them certainly did a little work in the way of fencing, but in consideration of that he fed the whole party. Dur ing the time they were with him they consumed 25 bags of flour and between 30 and 40 sheep. They had a woman amongst them who controlled them, and whatever. she told them to do they did. She had prophesied to them that when they arrived in Aus tralia they would find houses ready built for them and the land under cultivation, so that they would be able to live easily. When they reached here they were somewhat surprised at not finding things as she had led them to believe, but still they did not look upon her, as a false prophetess she explained to them that some of their number were sceptical, and this was a trial of their faith. The first cause of disagree. ment between Berndt and the immigrants was in con sequence of this woman. He inquired what money they had, but while they refused to tell him the exact amount, they let him know that.itwas not very much. Consequently he advised them not to take up too much land for their capital. The prophetess, however, ordered .them each to take up 200 acres if possible. Some high words passed between them, and Berndt expressed his determination to have no thing more to do with them ifthey persisted in follow ing the advice of this woman on such subjects. Since then they have only spoken ocoasionally. He stated that when they landed they had plenty of provisions which they had brought from homes, and also saved from their allowance on the voyage out. When they took possession.of the .land they had selected they commenced to clear the most lightly timbered land, but they used only to work fora few hours daily, and did not throw any energy into the work. Every one did a portion, even down to the little children. When their provisions were exhausted they purchased flour and sheep from him, and he let them have those ar ticles cheaper than he sold them in the market. He had never received back the money he had expended in paying the railway freight of their luggage, and when he asked them to give him an acknowledgement that they owed him that amount they refused to do so. They were all in excellent health when they landed, but now several of them were in very poor health, and nine of them had died, owing, he believed, to the want of sutficient nourishing food. They were only two miles distant from him, but as they persist ently refused to take the advice which he gave for their good, he now kept clear of them. He had told them, however, to send over every morning, when he would give them some milk for the children. They had not even done that lately. Berndt further stated that the camp was somewhat divided, as two of the families worked very hard, while the others did little more than pretend to work. There were some car penters among their number, and as he required some furniture made, he had offered them the-job long since. They did not, however, seem inclined to work, and all he had got was a table, for which he paid them. They said they had no time to do the work, and he therefore bought what he wanted at Benalla. It was quite true thatlhey had sold two horses and a dray, which had been purchased by them or for them in Melbourne, but they got the full value. The dray coat them £7 10s. in Melbourne, and they obtained £7 for it, although the axle was broken. They sold the horses for.£5 each, but it was after. wards found that one of them was not worth 30s. These goods -were purchased for them in Melbourne by:a man named Grubb, who acted as their agent, because they could not speak English. Since they had been at Hill-plains, although some of their nuoa. ber had-died, the. woman Maria would not allow the doctor to!be called in when they were sick, but merely prayed over them. -He had heard she did the same on board the ship coming out, and would not have them attended by the ship doctor. As the party were informed that one of the men who had seceded from the rule of the prophetess was then on Berndt's farm, a request was made that lhe might be seen. This was readily agreed to, and upon proceeding to the blacksmith's shop, near the house, a fair, stout, active young fellow, about thirty, was found busily engaged at the forge repairing some tools. The object of the visit was explained to him, and be expressed a ready willingness to give all the infor mation in his power. He stated that he has away from his village during the France-Prussian war. He was in the 42nd regiment of the line, and served at Metz and Amiene. After the evacuation of France by the German army he returned home, and found that the woman Heller had attained great power over the villagers in the neighbourhood of Hainnu. She was about thirty years of age, and was educated rather better than those around. Her family had discarded her in consequence of her conduct. He had never heard of her doing anything to earn her livelihood, but she was supported by the whole of the community. When they arrived here slhe said that she had received a message in her sleep that Meesingbrod, one of their number, was to marry lher. In consequence of that they lived together as man and wife. Since they haod been on the Hill-plains that man had died, and she had chosen another man named Schultz. He was now living with her. She controlled the whole of them, and they had to do whatever she told them. He did believe a little in her at first, but he had become tired of her nonsense, and with his wife had left the com munity, and was now working for Mr. Boerdt. His parents and sisters still lived at the settlement, and he had done all in his power to get them away, but without avail, as they fully believed in this woman. He had been able at times to send them a few little things, but he believed Maria took the best of it for herself. They had no money and very little food. he thought it would be a good thing for them all if it was possible for the police to take Maria away, as she was certainly the cause of starving them all, for she would not allow them to go to work. Since they had been there,eight of their number had died. Notice of the death of the first three was given to the police, at Major-plains; but the others were simply buried at the settlement without any notice being given, or any doctor attending themn. Maria said some prayers at the graves The party, under the guidance of Mr. Berndt, next proceeded to the settlement, about two miles distant. The huts were seven in number, and constructed of bark, similar to those seen at the other settlement, but they were much smaller. Most of them only con tained one room, about 15ft. by 10ft. But in two instances, where there were grown up daughters, the huts were rather larger, and were divided into two by means of a curtain. Here, as at the other place, they appeared to have plenty of bedding, but in place of blankets they had as covering small feather beds, as is the custom in some portions of Germany. The chil. dren, who were running about, at once congregated round the strangers and a few lollies given them soon won their confidence. There was no appearance of starvation, and the children appeared to be in rude health. They were bright, rosy children, who evi dently enjoyed life heartily. There were four or fire girls from fifteen to eighteen years of age, who were very cleanly and tidy in their appearance. The elders of the place soon made their appearance. Although bearing that worn and aged appearance that so often distinguishes the German peasant, they appeared to be in tolerably good health. They were very cour-, teous, and invited the party to enter their hute. Be fore doing so, however, an inspection was made of the settlement. It was found that the lhuts were ranged in a row, and at the rear about an acre and a half of ground had been turned into a vegetable garden, and gave promise of agood crop in a short time. In front of the huts, but about sixty yards distant, was a small lagoon or swamp, from which they obtained their water supply. In one portion of the settlement there was a very bad stench owing to tile want of proper necessary accommodation. This it was at once re marked could not be at all conducive to good health, and a proper supply of disinfectants ought at once to be sent to the spot. Upon entering tie first hut a woman, who said she was thirty-six but looked sixty, was found suffering from the effects of a severe attack of rheuma tism, but otherwise she appeared well enough. In another place there was an old man of sixty confined to his bed from scurry and general debility; and in a third hut was a lad of thirteen in a very bad state from scurry. He was in a most emaciated condition, with very much swollen feet, which presented that doughy appearance which is one of the signs of scurvy. His gums were also very soft, spongy, and bleeding, plainly showing that he was suffering severely from the disease. In fact the members of the community had so far made up their mind to his early decease that they had pre pared his coffin, and this was shown to the party with some little pride in one of the outhouses. The lad was' not in a very cleanly condition, and it was sug gested that a warm bath would help his recovery. It was, however, alleged by the elderly woman, who was tending him, that he could not bear the touch of water, and that they had in consequence desisted from their attempts. The gift of a few lollies and a half a crown to buy more appeared to brighten the boy up wonder. fully, and from the manner in which he looked at the coin it is doubtful whether he ever had so much money before in his life. Inspector Smith had, of course, certain official duties to perform that necessitated an interview with the woman Maria Heller, and an in. quiry was made as to her whereabouts. The party were at once shown her hut, on reaching which it was found that the inmates were about to commence their midday meal, as they were engaged in a long German grace, said in a most reverent manner. At its con clusion, they were told that after their meal was over some conversation was desired with the woman. A glance at the table showed that all they had was some bread or damper, swimming aboutin a plate of greasy water, dignified by the name of soup. While the prophetess and her companions were at dinner the party entered into conversation with the elder children, who answered all their inquiries readily. One of the girls, fifteen years of age, had managed to pick up a little English, and she was very proud of her acquire ments, but her companions appeared to envy her be cause she had obtained a situation to which she was going on Monday. She was to get Is. per week, and they evidently looked upon that sum as a very lafge one, while the girl herself appeared to be as happy as possible at her brilliant prospects. There were three other girls who expressed a desire to get situa tions if they could, but would prefer farmwork to household work and Inspector Smith promised to get them situations if possible. By this time Maria Heller had finished her meal, and the party returned to her but. She was sitting. at the table trying to sew, but her hands were shak ing so much, apparently with fear at the sight of the police uniform, that she could not make a stitch. Alongside her was the, man Behultz, who, according to the man Schmidt's statement, is her chosen companion at present. He also was engaged sewing. He was a little, thin, misorible, prematurely-aged looking young man, with a livid white complexion, and evidently far gone with consumption. The woman kept her head down,and for a time it was impossible to see her face. The conversation had scarcely commenced-in fact the interpreter had not asked her name-before she pretended to get very excited, commenced screaming, and was evidently trying to work herself into an hys' terical fit. The other women-all of whom by the way are older than herself-at once rushed into the hut, and, carrying her to the bed, commenced to fondle and caress her like a spoiled child. As it was so pal pable that the woman was shamming, a suggestion was made by Inspector Smith that the only proper way to deal with such cases was to cut off the patient's hair and throw a few buckets of water over her. As this suggestion was accompanied by a request for a pair of scissors, the woman evidently thought the cure was to be tried upon her, and she soon recovered. She, however, requested a few minute's delay before speak ing to Inspector Smith, which was granted to her. While this had been going on, tihe men, who had been away somewhere, returned to the hut, and they were interrogated as to their conlition. They ad mitted that there was no money amongst them, and that there was nothing but a little flour left in the camp, but they were in hopes of gettitg some more from the mill on credit to carry them on until they gathered their harvest. They had but very little meat, their principal food being damper. They would be very glad of a little assistance in the way of food until they got in their harvest. As to the power exercised over them by the iwoman Maria Holler, they refused to give any information, until at last one voluble little mant stated that he was her stepfather. He was at once pounced upon and led faraway from his com panious, and submitted to a series of questions. He said,-" My name is Carl Scholtze. I am fifty-six years of age. I consider myself the stepfather of iMaria Heller. She is thirty-three years of age. I am her stepfather, because her parents are dead. I knew her at Jhordanton, near Iiainao, in Silesia. She has not always had these fits. She is not actually sick, but when she is in a trance she has conversations with heavenly spirits. I believe that is as true as that there is a God in heaven. I am convinced the ghost (spirit) of our Saviour converses with her in the same manner as is mentioned in the Bible. The spirit of God speaks through her mouth when she is in one of those fits. I am aware the law has been broken by burying the bodies of the dead without giv ing notice to the authorities-but what were we to do? We cannot speak English. The notices of the first three deaths were sent to the police through Carl Berndt. We also sent him the other five notices, but he refused to send them on. Maria does not inter fere in cases of sickness. We could not send for a doctor because we had no money. No doctor would come all this distance without payment. We have not much food. I think if some of those who are dead had had good food they would not have died so soon. I do not know how often Maria las these trances. She had one last night. I do not know whether she received any message from heaven. We left Silesia to come here beeause we were commanded to do so by the Almighty." While this conversation was going on Maria had recovered from her fit, and was watching the old man from a distance with some little anxiety, as if she was afraid that lie might in his loquacity make certain revelations that would not suit her. Unable to stand it any longer, she walked across to the tree where the conversation was going on, and then was afforded the first opportunity that had been obtained de seeing what the woman was like who had induced so many poor villagers to follow her to starvation and death. She is a woman about 5ft. in height, and looks about forty years of age, although only owning to thirty three. She is far from prepossessing in appearance. In fact, she is the most ill-favoured of the whole community. She has a low retreating forehead, shaded by heavy mnasses of coarse black hair. She has overhanging black eyebrows, and generally a sus picious uneasy appearance. her nose is broad and flat, her lips thick and sensual. She has a massive lower jaw. Without waiting to have any questions put to her she commenced a rapid statement, as fol lows :-" I have had these trances since childhood. I don't know what happens to me when I am in them. I beliere the Lord speaks to me then. I only know that the Lord has ordered me to lead a quiet life, and (excitedly) I deny that I was ever married, or had anything to do with men. I don't attempt to guide or interfere with these people or their children. I don't try to prevent them going to work. The only thing I try to do is to keep them to their religion, and to bring the children up in the right way. I am a Lutheran by religion, but I believe that the Almighty often spoeaks to me." This closed the conversation, and she was advised not to give way to these fits too much, as they might ultimately lead to her separation from her friends and incarceration in the Beechworth Asylum. A desire havng been expressed to see the place where the bodies were buried, the party were taken to the ground which had been set apart as a cemetery, and there was found eight graves very roughly made and finished. It was stated that the bodies were only buried 5ft. deep, but as the law requires 9ft. to be the minimum depth, and the soil there is very light and porous, it is probable that the police will have to take some action in the matter. Inspector Smith having carefully taken the whole of the statements into consideration, came to the con clusion that it was his duty to order a certain quantity of provisions to be supplied to these people, and gave an order for meat, flour, tea, sugar, potatoes, &c.;, to be supplied to them, so as to carry them over the har. vest, for which they appeared very thankful. In fact, it was quite a pleasure to watch the faces of the cbilt dren as they listened to the list, which was read over by the interpreter; it was evident, although they did not show it, that a good substantial meal had been a stranger to them for a long time past. The following is a list of those who have died :-Mrs. Reich, aged 70; Phoebe Phihig, 50 ; Wilhelm Schuman, 50 ; Gott lieb Anders, 50; Herman Anders, 17; Gottlieb Mesa ingbrod, 50; Martha Messingbrod, 25; and a still born female child. The four now sick are Martha Vitelhoven, with pains in the chese, ; Gotfried Din. nant, aged 60, scurvy and general debility; Johanna Dinnont, 36, rheumatism; Julius Anders, scurvy. As it had been stated that the water which these peo ple drank contained mineral matters, which had partly caused their illness, a bottle of it was taken away for analysis. The letter which appeared in the Argus was translated to them, and at several portions of it they expressed great indignation. They emphatically denied that any of their children had ever run to the writer crying with starvation, or that he had given them £2 when he visited them. Both of these states ments they stigmatised as gross untruths. All the assistance they had received was £9 from the Ade laide German Association, and not £15 as alleged. They also stated that they had written to the German consulate about three months ago, making known their condition, but they had never received any an There being nothing more to be done, the party started on the return journey, and as soon as Benalla was reached the goods ordered by Inspector Smith were despatched and Dr. Nieholeon having been com monicated with on behalf of the Government, left early this morning for the settlement, in order to render what medical assistance was required. Bennala, Monday. Dr. Nieholson arrived at the Hill-plain settlement at 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon. Upon examining the sick persons, he stated that the disease they were suffering from was land scurry, brought on by im proper and insufficient food. lie expressed himself satisfied with the personal cleanliness of the settlers. The provisions ordered by Inspector Smith arrived here on Sunday evening, in charge of Mr. Coghill, of Major-plains, but a drayload had arrived during the previous day. These provisions had been sent by Mr. Hill, the manager of the bank at Dookie Sooth, in compliance with the request of Mr. Holmes, P.M. Dr. Nicholson considers that there is a possibility of the patients recovering. He had however,'no inter preter with him, and could not freely converse with them, and had therefore to be content with a physical examination. While Dr. Nicholson was examining the sick boy, the woman Heller had one of her hy- sterical fits in the same hut. 