DODBliE EXECDTION AT PATHS. . ? The double execution, of ilorean«nd Boudas had been so. often announced as imminent, and tlie crowd had been so often disappointed, that there wera fewer people. present out on the Place de la Bbquette .on Tuesday morning than might have been expected. A detachment of ISO men of the Garde de Paris' arrived on the Place At three o'clock jn the morning. Boon after, a cart, with theiramework of the guillotine and M. Boch, the \- eiecutlrtner. accompanied by Jiis two assistant*, appeared. 'TheGftWedePftris formed three sidesof asqunrejfburid the fatal instrument, and the crowd ?wm thus Mevefttod torn Rpproaching, and the figucas opM'i Booh -and bis sssiptants could only; be dimly, tfie'tinguislied flitting about in.'. t!i«ir ghost-like white blouses. As piece by piece they; erected tbo guillotine, not a word was to be'heaifl. When nil whs completed M. Boch we seen to make a careful inspection of the guillotine liy the light of *. hand- -lantern. This done, he -caueed the ,kn(fe total) two or three times in order to assure himself that pverything was in good working order. Then the executioner, accompanied by M. Claude, the head of the detective department, and Abbn Croze?, the chaplain of the prison, proceeded to Moreau'g, the ?wife- poisoner's cell, to inform the (loomed man tiiat'hie lost hjurhad come. Moreau was sleeping: calmly, when the fatal - cortege entered his 'cell. 'He received, the terrible announcement very quietly, and when asked by the Commissary of Police whether he hnd any statement to make, he merely replied tlmthe was innocent.- lie was left alone with the priest for * frne ur mix minutes, and then the horrible operation known as the 'toilette' began. This consists in cutting away the 'hair from the back . of -the pri ? soner'o head and neck, as well as part of the upper 'gatin'ettts,mordet that tlie knife may havo free play. During this operation Morean did uot utter » single word. Only when his legs -were being ??hackled, he remarked, ' jurely'lhU is useless.' At a quiiKer to C * the prison gates opened, and Moreau appeared, in the presence . pi the crowd, . He seemed to walk Tery steadily, with head, erect, ' and ' with -. unfaltering I steps. His extraordinary paleness was much re qiftrked. When he. reached the guillotine, he ?looked round at the crowd, aiid exclaimed, 'Messieurs, I die Innocent.' These words.ware . . distinctly beard all over the Place de la Roquette. Tha next moment M. Koch seized Moreau. pushed hia forward on to the plank, the knife fell, nud all -was over. ' '??':? . . i Tha moment Moreau's bead and body had fallen tato ibe b,aafcet oE wwdust prepared for them, lit. . Eith'e assistants set to work to wash ? the '.%»3uUne of the blood with which it ?was pl^ne , in order that vtbe .next sufferer ! /miiriih Vrt* a v% that* an. AVepjitirin' 'hsiA Alrenslv. ?token pttee. WnUet JUoreau was being Ifd.to ' detth, Bndclfts was being :$repar»d|for execution. _Wfi8'o :i)ia %eU 'w*?; «nttred by 1L Claude *ud the e^BOutY)OWt,;he v^is found,-wide_iiw«ke, talking ,iei^ly WJttaiiJWttdKrs.'as he had b^en awoke by tiiefloise In' Uoreau'flieeU, nnd was in a state of the most intetee nnxiety, still hoping apparently -to be,TO{irievrtd.\ptt being teld that he was to die, he repUied, , !'J%e 't am ;5I am ready.' He then , prJtestb4. '''( innocence, and declared that hie exe-1 e ui ,n Wa« 11,01116. against justice, lie walked -}uietly,tbpngh4iudly to steady as Moreau, but I * -without »upp9rt^.tb the guillotine. There lie j kissed the aeconupMiying priest, nad hanaed him ?eelf over to the: e^Bcutioner without uttering a ?worf. M. Eochwasljy oo means:adroit in placing' . the tiufortunate Bouias on the plank, as he had to readjust him^ during 4. Bpace of eeyeral seconds, which seemed liomblylpujj to the bystandew. At ' 4aet the knife felUauil the second criminal's head ?dropped into tlie basVjet. There was- only ten nririutee, interval between thfl two execations. 