CENTBAL LAUNCESTON. Tbe requisition referred to in our last issue, inviting Captain Gilmorc to consent to be nominated as a candidate for the representation of Launceston, was presen ted to tiwt gentleman on ealnrdav.Ithas been numerously and influentially tigned, and thexequisitionists pledge themselves to support the return ol Captain Gllmore as member for Central Launceston. In reply Captain Gilinore acknowledges the honor thus intended him, and being again a resident of Launceston -considers :, :. J.-»-- InmninW trilli flm rnnilAat: n the requisitionists. We regret to find thatby thus assenting to become a can* didate for the representation of an elec toral district, Captain Gilmore forfeits bis seat as a Warden of the Marine Board. This is inevitable according to the pro visions of the Constitution Act, as all official personages appointed by the Go vernor to positions of emolument are ais qaslified from taking a seat in either branch of tbe legislature. Quick Dem- itch.— The perfect safety of the harbor ot Vart Lentpriere, and the com pleteness of tbe arrangements fnr conduct ing work on tbe property of the British and Tumanlan Charcoal Iron Company, were well Illustrated on Friday and Saturday 4aat, when tbe steamer Argyll; arrived from Mel bourne with about 1(0 tona of flro-bricka, lire-clay, Umber, fcc, for the companjr. The steamer entered West Arm about a o'clock on Friday attcraooou,dmrlng about ten feet of water. The state of. tide at the time would not permit of her going at once along aide the jetty, but she anchored safely in midstream. In the evening a Customs officer was put on board; at 1 ajn. on Saturday, tbe tide belnit at the full, the steamer was safely moored at the Jetty. At 1 o'clock her discharge commenord, and a little after IS o'claok4tu whole of her cargo was stocked oil the jettyorohHie »orta.. The Arable Wat enibleo' *o leave fort L'empriere by 1 o'clock, ana ti reach Laanceston wharf by a o'clock as reported -n our advertising dilamna, . Captain Scott was BreaUv pleased SAto^harDor.aDd ?rllitte lulSt dSspatc liven him, ana U is probable the Argrle w leoorae * jfrttty n»Blar ; fesMer to the British and Tasmanlan Charcoal Iron Com PXss »w E«Hi-J7«Mewi2eUand and California, tbe pews has ryachri nj. (ha Mta'Boit Evans, the (-ottular«etfets,Sied In England. ? ? :' - . i The D«fabtu«e or Ma. R. M. Wilus FB0M Tamiahu.— fir. R. 11. Willis, late Collector of Customs at lAuoceston, and for nearly twentr-flve years connected with that department, left tuo colony by thess. Tamar on Friday last, en route for Ken Zealand, wucre bolntends to reside in future. Mr. Willis was forced to retire from office on a pension, at a period when, from his experience, lie was more, fully competent to perform tlic duties of Collector of Customs titan at any time during his qusrtcr of a centqry of service. No satisfactory reason nas ever been assigned for thus entailing farther unnecessary expense upon the colony, and now Mr. Willis leaves in disgust to enjoy his pension, andprobably obtain employment elsewhere. The commercial community of LauncesUm appealed to tho Government against the removal of Mr. Willis from uffieu, but (Ill's was Ireufed uilli conlenitil, the. (Jot lutd gone forth, Mr. Wil lis was shelved, mid Lsuncestou whs reduced 11} LUC |IU»1LIUI1 (II II tlllU |llin, Ullll lUO l,W lector of Customs at llobarl Town- Tlie Inhabitants of Luuticcston, sympathising will. Mr, Wills, presented him witlt a large and handsome alburn, containing an address very numerously signed, and beautifully Il luminated by Mr. 1. Steer. Thii testimonial, well fitted to become an heirloom in his family, was destroyed when tbe residence of Mr. Willis, on the Windmill Hill, iras accidentally burnt down. In consequence of tills, the gentlemen who presented the teattmonlal determined to offer a duplicate of the album, address, and signatures. On Friday morning a deputation headed by Theodore Hartley, Esq., and tbe hon. James Alkenhead, Esq., presented the testimonial to Mr Willis at his irivate residence. Mr Hartley, who by ,ei]ucstofflciatcd as spokesman, made refer ence to the long and very honorable career of Mr Willis as Collector of Customs, and stated that his (Mr Hartley's) former official position as Comptroller of Customs here gave him opportunity to judge of many of the difficulties ot Ine position, ana tats inter est in the department naturally led him to notice bow Mr Willis performed the duties. Tbe conclusion to which he bad arrived after thns reviewing the twcnty-flvc years of ser vice eo laiiuiuiiy rcnavrea oy oir winm was, that a more honorable or efficient servant had not held office under the Government. On behalf of himself, the deputation, and all tbe gentlemen signing the address, ho wished MrWIIUs all happiness and prosperity tn hit future career. Mr Willis most feelingly replied, and said he would ever reraemher tbe consideration and sympathy extended to him, which had enabled him lo bear un against the trials be bad lately experienced. Tbe written reply of Mr Willis will be found in our special advertising column over tbe leader In tbla issue. Tun ' Scan hi SnECT FiKVErmoir Act.' — A proprietor of extensive runs and flocks in ono of the midland districts requcsU us to refer to the Australasian of tbe 1st In stant, under tlic head of ' Town and Mis cellaneous News,' where he says it Is stated that ' Scab bas again appeared in several of the clean sheep districts lu this colony.' As be bad not previously heard this alarming news, our correspondent asks for some further lot. rotation on the subject. The paraRrabh he seems to refer to is as follows : — 'From some inexplicable cause/' the faifnceffoR Examiner says, ' scab has sud denly made its appearance in several northern districts of Tasmania, The disease has broken ont in the different localities simultaneously, anu aitnougn iib origin in is at present a mystery it is doubtless owing to infected sheen having cither been driven or strayed into clean flocks.' - Breaches of tbe 'Scab Prevention Act' arc not as fre quent as formerly, and some districts have been declared by the Chief In spector perfectly dean and free from disease. We are not aware and do not believe that any sheep district formally de clared by the Chief Inspector ' dean'' bas since become Infected. The Daily Ttltgraph has been misled, and in its issue of the 24th April remarks that *' scab hasagain appeared in several of ine clean sheep districts,' and the Leader of the 1st instant repeats the assertion. These statements were made by thc Tasmanian correspondents of those, papers. Thb Aestkiuus Jobevm..— We have receiiel from Messrs Wa'e'i Brothers and Blrchall the May Dumber ol the Australian Journal. Tbe leading tale tn this is 'The Belle of tbe Snowy River.' This is followed By ' John Falconer's Gourtship,' ' Memoirs of a Thief,' ' The I'oddter's Show,' ' Won and Lost,' ' David Simpson's Plot,' '? My Friend D'Arcy,' ' The College Ghost,' with numerous other pieces, anecdotes, receipts, poetry, &c.; The CoLOMtL rnias.— We are glad to «nd that due deference Is paid in Kngland to tbe comments of the Colonial Press, when dealing with subjects they are in a position to comprehend more clearly tban writers who ' remain at home at ease.' About eleven months since Captain Colomb trantmfttad to the Press In tlic British Colonies copies of a paper which be bad read before tbe Colonial Institute.— the president, the Uukc of Man chester, fnthecuatr. Weoommenteduponlhe paper, and we bave now received a pamphlet from Captain Colomb (dealt with In our leading columns) containing three papers on the defence otUie British Empire, with an addenda conslstfngof articles and comments by the Press of tlie colonies on the paper on Colonial Defences. These articles are quoted trom— The Voltatar Brritw, Can ada, June 27, 1674. The EnaluluMK, Cal cutta, April 24 | The AW afercury, May 23 ; The Natal CWo.itl, May 27 i The Tima of Natal. June 24 ; The Natal Mercury, June 90; Tbe Daily Prat, Hong Konti.Mav 1 [ Overland China Mail, May 9 ; The Wat Indian, April 2nd, 7th, and 10 j PuilicOpinion Malta, April I ; The Si. Helena Guardian May 7 ; The SyJnry Morning Herald, June S and IS ; The Comn.aH Chronicle, Lauu ceston, Tasmania, June 22 ; Tho Br'uliaat Courier, June 11 : Wanaanui Chronicle, Jnne - ; Port Elizabeth Telegraph, May 23 -, Queeitiunif Timer, Ipswlcb, June 4. Bamsn and Tashaniu CautonAL Fjuih Comfa-st.— The erection of the large furnace, engine and works of the above company at Port Lempricre Is progressing very satis factorily. The concrete and stone founda tions are now in, and nearly level with the surface. The engine seat is rapidly rising, and the three large boilers are being got into position. A steam mill is bard at work preparing the requisite mortar for building purposes. A staff of brick makers are pro ducing bricks ol excellent quality, and altogether tbe township of Lempriere pre sents a very busy aspect. Tbo works of this company will probably be about the most extensive of any mechanical appliances in tbe ealonles, and wben complete will certainly rank among the lions of Tasmania. the UCEGH'S urarnDAT.— ijasi year tne anniversary of tbe Queen's Birthday fell upon a Sunday, and the celebration of it was postponed until Wednesday, the 27tb May. This year the 21th of May, a greater day to Britons tbe world over than Ibe 41b of July to onr American cousins, falls upon Monday, and it will therefore be nnnecessaiy to postpone tbe festivities usual on ' Tbe Queen's Birthday.' Captain Harrap, oom mandlngjthe Launcrston Artillery, will make arrangements for firing a royal salute at wi from the Windmill Hill. The services of the fine brass band of St Joseph's may le de pended on tobead the gun detachmenUon the march to the Windmill Hill and back to the Volunteer Bulldlnm. Tbe St Joseph's Band will perform a choice Bclecllon of music in the Public Gardens during the remainder of the afternoon. In the evening the Fire Brigades will form » torch light procession headed by the Hide Band, andmarch throngh the leading street! to the Public Gardens, where a variety of amusements will bo pro vldedfot tbe million. Another Launch.— On Thursday last a very fine little fore and aft schooner was launched at Battery Point, West Tamar, by Mr Jonathan Plummcr, who is well known as a most successful shipbuilder, and the present one is a very good specimen of his skill, both as regards the model nnd tbe workmanship. Her dimensions are— 72 feet on the keel, 78 feet overall,- 19 feet 6 Inches beam, and 7 feet 2 Inches depth of hold. She will register about 65 tons, but her carrying capacity will be over 90. There were a large number of spectaters present, and the launch was vcrr successful, as soon as the Vessel began to move she was christened by Miss Gertrude Maud Plummer breaking a bottle of wine against her bow and naming her the 'Malvina Maud.' Afterwards a large party of friends were entertained by Mr and Mrs Plummer, when a few toasts and speeches, appropriate to the occasion, were given. The new craft has been very carefully con structed of well seasoned gum and stringy bark, her top side* are of kauri pine, and her decks of Huon pine. She ta topper fastened tbrougbont, and is a credit in every way to Mr Plummer and his assistants. The Malvina Maud will be put into the 'Inter- colonial trade, and it is probable she will run. between Melbourne and Hobart Town.., Mr Plummer has another vessel, on the stocks, somewhat smaller In size, but equally as (good a model, which will be launched shortly. DtUriutKB TowBju,.— Tenders Tor '-fhe'-fereeUon of a Town* Ball nnd Public library at Dcloralne Will be recotved up to noon on the loth tost. ; ? ,',' I M» FitucLorjOH.— In last lasue we an nounced that Mr B. Fatrclough.a tragedian of conlderable eminence, *as abont lo visit Launceston, '.where he^ proposes giving a course of histrionic readings. Our adver tising columns Informed as that this gentle man would appear for the first time at tbe Mechanics' Institute this evening, but we now learn (hat owing to the illness of one of the ladles who will accompany him, bis first appearance is unavoidably delayed until Friday next. Mr Falrclongli is a gentleman of considerable European fame, and in the colonies also he nas won golden opinions, especially for bis careful and correct representation of leading Shakes pearian parts. Wcbavelicforeusavolunm of criticisms from London newspapers, all bearing the highest testimony to Mr Fair dough's ability. We may select one of these, opinion* ivliicu is certain to mccl general acceptation. Tlie London Timet of 5th December, 1866. says—' There is Hindi to praise in Me Foircloueh'e perfor mance, whicli waa at once intellectual and effective. Ills face is bright and telling, Me figure light and active, and bis action easy and graceful. We do not know where to find as good an ' Iago' among the English actors.' Mr Falrclough is to be assisted in the literary part of his entertainment by Mademoiselle Eugenie Le Grand, an actress who has appeared with him in tlie colonies, and the musical portion of the entertain ment will ue supplied Dy juauamouwuu Louise Le Grand, a pianist and vocalist of considerable abiUty. We shall be glad to see Mr Falrdougn's performances well at tended. The CArE Fiukteeee. — The, barque Cape Finlslerro was cleared out at the Customs on Friday for Newcastle, New South Wales, and in tbe afternoon the steam tug Tamar proceeded to West Arm for the pur pose of towing her to sea. The tug moored alongside the barque for the night, and on Saturday at full tide lowed her from her anchorage to Bryant's Bay, where she had again to be moored, three of the crew having deserted during the night. The Captain returned (o town to take steps for the recovery of these men, and the departure of the vessel may be dclsycd a day or two in C0 VvVawMi Tin Mrmno Compaict.— Very satisfactory news has been received from (he Waratah Tin Mining Company's claim at Mount Biscboff. Mr Eddy, writing under date 4th instant, says that 'the lode Is «pcning out nicely in the tunnel . It is now three feet thick, containing rich tin all through it.' Vinr_Hv/itt— Wn loam fn\m t.hn P«rfA /.okiro-, Western Australia, that on the 21st of April a new and smart looking sobooner named the Mary Herbert had been angaged to convey Mrs Weld and family to Hobart Town, and that the vessel was to sail on the 1st of this month. F«E I* WEtLIKOTON-STKEET.— AbOUt twenty minutes past 8 o'clock last evening tho fire alarm bell in Wellington -street was put In motion very unnecessarily. The slight causa given was the appearance of fire in the back portion of a wooden cottage near the Queen's Head Uotel, Wellington-street. Constable McQueen, assisted by a neighbor, procured a bucket of WFier,wuicli sufficed lo extinguish the fire. The tenant of (he premises was absent anA in the walchhouse charged with drunkenness. SroRTlNO. — A correspondent at Latroue informs us that on the 30th nit. a match took Sbcq on me onerwoou course, uexween air . Munro'a Rocket, carrying lust, filbs., anil Mr 3. Green's Rose, carrying tit 51hs, for jCIO a side, distance two miles. Rocket was ridden by Mr G. Munro and Rose by Mr J. Melcalfe. Previous to the race Ihe betting was 2 to 1 against Rocket, but when Mr W. H. Meuce, who acted as starter, dropped the Sag Rocket jumped away with tbe lead, close followed by Rose. This order was main tained for the first mile, and then Rose tried bard to reach her opponent, but In vain, and Rocket eventually came in a winner by about six lengths, bard held. Tnr. b.«. Pmkbek.— Notice is glren that the Pioneer will be laid up about (be end of May for her annual overhaul, which will (akc about three weeks, aod also tliat a special meeting of shareholders of the L.and N.W.C.S.N. Co. will be held at the Me chanics' Institute on the 25th inst., for (he purpose of authorising tbe directors to make arrangements for purchasing or building a new steamship. Forfeited Shakes— On Saturday next, .175 contributing shares in tbe Waratah Tin Mining Company, Noi. 17,S«( to 17.658, for feited for non-payment ot calls, will be offered for sale by Mr Wm. II jtnoll, jun., at his msrt, unless previously redeemed. L. akp W. Bailwav.— Tenders will be received up to the 24th InsU for tlic follow ing mail services for (he ensuing year, In connection with the above -railway. To and from St. Leonards Post-office and Railway 6lation twice a day, and for a car to meet each (rain and ply between tbe same points, charging 4d for each passenger. From the Longford Station, to and from the Longford and Creasy Post-offices once dally; and to and from the Bishopsbourne Station and Foitofflec twice dailv. Full nirllculars caubcobtainedfromthomanager.Mr R. W. Lord. ANornEB Case of Consmkacv and Peejubv.— At tbe Collingwood Police Court onTuesday (says the City Newt) be fore Mr Templeton, P. M., and Messrs. Walker (mayor), Kidney, and Marsden, Js'.P., Harriet Utting, junior, werecharged with wilful and corrupt perjury. The case of the younger defendant was taken fint. The alleged perjury consisted In tbe defen dant having sworn at Va^ Supreme Court, on tlie lets March, that a man named Frauds Sperrin had attempted to criminally assault her. tie was convicted on the charge, and sentenced by Judge Fellows to ten years' imprisonment, and to be twice privately whipped with a cat-o'-nine tails. Mr M'Kean appeared to prosecute. In opening the case, he said tbe charge was one of (lie most singular which bad ever come before a court of Justice In the colony, lie would show that a conspiracy of the grossest character bad been formed by some of the members of a family against others, allied to them by marriage, and be had resolved to devote all his energies to bringing the guilty parties to justioe, even although, all other resources tmlllntr him. be w*re obfiroii to bring tbe matter by petition before Queen Victoria. He would hare placed tbe whole family in the dock, only he did not wish it to be said that be had tried to seal thslr mouths. It might seem strange that he should be then to prosecute a little child like tbe defendant, bnt be wonld remind tho court that It was almost solely upon her evidence that Sperrin was convicted and sent to prison. He then narrated the circusHtancesofthe alleged assault, as told by tho child, and commented strongly upon the fact that two daya after It was said to have been committed, she was running about In health and strength. The learned gentle man wu proceeding to call his witnesses as to the evidence In the Supreme Court, when the bench intermitted him by asking if he had the Judge's dotes «f evidence. Mr M'Kean said they were private property, and could not be produced. A ' 'dlsousatoo then ensued Mto what was the best evidence to produce of the proceedings In the Supreme Court, and the case was ultimately adfonrned for a week, to allow Mr M'Kean to bring forward the beat evidence. The two de fendants were allowed ball In £25 each: [Thlscasemaybestrauge enough, butts It as extraordinary a% the conspiracy against Mr John Mayne f Ed. C.C} Cuttings from ftuir*.- Major O'Dodger (of the Sealllonshlre BIfles) : '? Well, what have yon got to ssy for yourself f ' Full Oorpoml Farrell (a prisoner— late for tattoo) : ' Well, now, yer honor, I'll just tell the whole trut'. I look to playing cyards about bait past nolue last night, an' lost all I hadj an' be jabera, 1 should stay till I won it all back, an' that wasn't till fower o'clock this mornln' ? ' The Major (an inveterate loo player, who had left off his own little game precisely at the same hour — very hastily) : -Wldmonlsh'd,ad-iuttutb,'d!'1 Sergeant t 'Left turn! quecV 'arrcb I'— John Thomas (writing to .his sweetheart) : 'Do yon happen to know if there's such a thing as a ?k' In Lancashire, Mr Rugglee?' Mr Rugate* ' Of course there is.' John Thomas : ' Ah 1 so I thought. But I didn't exactly know whereabouts to put It.' (Mr Rugglca volun teers no further Information.)— A strange character witbamostnnscconntabletastivbas been before one of thePollceCourts. It was given Inevldenccthatheuwentjntaabeershop, took up a newspaper, and ate the whole of It.' We hare often heard1 of persons 'de- vouring' books, and 'devouring'' the news, bnt this must be Mie first Instance of a man having so depraved an appetite as to devour the newspaper. It should bo added, that be wasdrankwhenhadldU. Perhaps he had disagreed with thu paper i Uab, the paper would probably, in iu turn disagree with hkii.— Sweet and Silvery Title for a City Lore-Bong : ' Emma Mine : Emma Mine!'1 —Motto tor Married Urn -to certain aavags districts): ' Here we are, all alive and fctck IngV'A Family Ittrntai-Sotne t tho Hone Guards, back entrance. Sentry i 'Can't comelnbero, 6lr. Isn't your tiame 'Pur- chaser' - Mysterious Stranger i ' O. dear, no. My name'a 'Exchange1— no relation whatever]' Sentry i! « Hm I nnoormnonly Uksfclm, anyhow t?v ... ^* ? . 