THE TKUTH ABOUT FISHER'S GHOST. Marcus Claeke writes the following in teresting paper to the Australian on this subject:— Now, speaking pf the matter the other day to a friend, he said, «I can show you the original papers of the trial, contain*1 ing the evidence of witnesses, the arguments of barristers, and the summing ut? nf tha i judge. I faw these papers, and lo ! what is the result? There is no more evidence that anybody saw Fisher's ghost than there is that anybody saw the ghost of Hamlet's aunt ! The crime was detected by the com mon and customary process—suspicion, and consequent inquiry ; while the suspicions instead of being excited by a ghost, were excited by that most mundane of objects—a Pair of Breeches. : ,j£fcus, 'ih te^'s Magazine for March, 1836, and Botany Bay, by John Lang, pub llter ^ii859' and read in tQe former 'Fisher s Ghost* a Legend nfriom^uiu ? »» r-ftnd in the latter, 'The Ghost upon the Rail. Having got our fictions collated, we can then apply our facts as contained in The King against George Worral — Supreme Court, Sydney, 2nd February, 1827 Tfas writer in Tegg's Magazine opens his parfative with a note concerning the ' fami larity^ of the tale ' to his readers, and while 'leaving others to solve the problem of the I appearance or tne ghost,' contents himself with rt telling the story as it has been told to him. He goes on to say that Fisher was jin emancipist farmer in Campbell town, who had accumulated money, but through dissi pation had fallen into debt. That, bein°~ pressed for money he listened to the advice Of one Worral, who piirsuaded him to make ⅈ assignment of the farm, and then, plead* ing destitution, to obtain a release from his creditors. Fisher did so, and some days afterwards disappeared. Worral told every I one that his friend had gone to England to avoid arrest, and producing the deed of assignment, proceeded to sell the property. 'Worral s statements,' says Tegg, 'set completely at rest all the conjectures which had previously been afloat as to the cause of JJisners disappearance, and he was allowed to tate undisputed possession of the property on producing Fisher's conveyance/' There were no suspicions of foul play, and every thing would have gone right with Worrai but for Fisher s Ghost ! 'About six weeks after Fisher's disappear ance, Mr. Farley, a farmer, was proceeding homewards. It was about 10 o'clock at night when he left Campbelltown ; the moon fad men, but her brilliance was obscured bv clouds. After he had passed the late resi dence of Fisher, about from 500 to 800 yards u» ouseryea the ngure of a man sitting on tne top of the fence on the same side of a road as the house. On approaching nearer wnat was his surprise to recognize distinctly the features of Fisher, whom he had sup posed then far on his way to England. He approached the figure with the intention of assuring himself that he had not been de ceived by a fancied resemblance. The ghastly appearance which the features pre sented to his view on his nearer approach struck such a chill of terror to his heart as cbamed him motionless to the spot. The ngare, as he gazed, rose from the fence, and nn§ s arm' P°infced in the direction of a small dry creek, which crosses the paddock at that place, and disappeared gradually irom ma view, apparently following the Farley went through the proper process on such an occasion. He rushed home ' in a state of stupefaction,' is found in ' a death ?i ?w?°.n''and lies for a 'whole week in 25 d,ellrmm of brain ferer !''' dfc need not be added that he was ' noted for sobriety,' &c.;) f J°on as ne recovers his senses, he sends jwtfie nearest police magistrate, and relates jus vision. The magistrate employs a black „ ? « — '*'^u. wnueri, anu on cioseiy ex :?in,m£ S1 e Panel of the fence-' ^aere the Post had been seen, 'spots of blood are £°VereF' The blaekfellow gets on the wau, and on approaching a pond the Bystanders observe his eyes sparkle, while £«??? S* '-Wh,ifc0 man's fat sit down *? ' tte plunge's his spear into the water, JS,says»' White man here!' The con fl ? ^rarch' and the hodY af Wisher is W Worral is naturally arrested, and, 32g w-,en tried- confessed that he mur »Jn? *lsherafc the very spot where the E WoS s,een' and threvtr the body into the P-S; TSJ farTegR-g contributor. enn^' . Iiane:— perhaps a more expert Cf-Wri/er of ^lion-makes a f« more wamafcic story of the Wend. thH!.fnO?CO,tbat~~allowance bein£ made ^r and S ^'e story-feller-both Mr. Lang that fUflW?tf in TeM a8reo in asserting SmirtJ ? cIue t0 the discovery of Worral seon KS Zm,e was tI)e aPParition of Fisher 8inl»fy ™ey-Weir ;? while Mr. Lang in inS? ? attIle ind*e (sir Francis Forbes) sW ^'IS. up' alluded to the tale of the eviin a8,b-jIn8 a' important item in the official* bef?rePt}ie Jury. Let us turn to the vf^JJPort of the trial.- ? Stated 7toor0' tho acting Attorney. General, '* ™fl me against (he prisoner, who pleaded not guilty, as follows :— Fisher waa a settler in good circumstances, living, in June 1826, at the house of Worral. Sud denly he disappeared. Inquiries were made m the way of general inquiry, and divers re- i | ports respecting his mysterious disappear ance, but none were satisfactory. Prisoner, when selling Fisher's property, first pro duced a receipt purporting to be signed by .bisher, but when arrested said that Fisher iS?*1!1* MneJ. in the ship Lady St. Via -win, uusuca snip Having quitted the colony. When Fisher's body is found, prisoner changes his story, and endeavours to show that the murder had been committed by the i servants of the deceased. * TwLeinrSt '*tae' f« the Crown was .uaniel Cooper, described as a srenoval Aoo]av He stated that he believed Fisher to be quite solvent, but that he owed him (Cooper) some money for land. That when he heard or tne disappearance he waited upon Worral I with whom Fisher had lived, and interro gated him. He thought Worral's manner extraordinary In reply to questions, Worral offered to pay witness the money ? j '^wii ictci^i ut me ucie aeeas of the property. Worral made excuses about showing the authority on which he had to act tor Fisher, Witness was satisfied that Jjisher had left behind him more property I than would suffice to pay his debts, and was astonished at his disappearance. The next witness was James Codrineton I the overseer to Mr. Cooner. TTn «tof0^ +!,„; I the prisoner, on the 8th July, havl offered him a horse for sale, which he refused to buy, because he believed it to be Fisher's and Worral could not produce Fisher's re' ceipt for payment of it. Two days after wards Worral produced a receipt purporting to be signed by Wisher, but that he doubted the signature. . Had suspicions that the story of Fisher's trip to England was un I true. Did not mention his suspicion to Worral, but did to some of the neighbours, i He also heard remarks from others. Thomas Hammond said he knew Fisher Worral lived with him, and acted as his agent. Worral told witness that Fisher had lett the colony to escape a charge of forgery t that he (Worral) had a pewer of attorney which he promised to. show, but didn't, bhortljr after this witness saw Mr. Cooper,. ?ruu saiuuw uenevea jtnsner naa Deen mur dered. Told Worral what Cooper had said, and Worral turned pale, seemed to smile, but the smile was affected. Witness told Worral that if he knew anything about Fisher he had better tell it. Worral said, 'He is on the water; that's all I know;' and some days afterwards produced a re ceipt which purported to bear Fisher's name, but witness knew it was not Fisher's sigaa- I ture. Witness saw one of Worral's servants wearing a waistcoat which he thought was x-iButu- », uua saw vv orrai|nimselt wear a pair ot trousers which he believed to be Fisher's. Fisher was a smaller man than Worral, and it was the tightness of the trousers which induced witness to examine them. Lewis Solomons, with whom Fisher had had dealings, said that a receipt shown him by Worral was not in Fisher's handwriting. Samuel Hopkins, a free labourer, said that the last time he saw Fisher alive was on the 17th June, at his own house, where Worral also lived. Fisher went out at dusk, and never came back. It was his habit to so go out and look round the farm. Worral took, possession of the place when Fisher failed to return. Nathaniel Cole confirmed the evidence of Hopkins, and said that surprise was ex pressed at Wisher s absence, but no inquiry set on foot. George Newland, constable at Campbell town, went with a black tracker named Gil bert to search for the body of Fisher, for which a reward of £20 was offered. They found traces of blood on a rail at the corner of a paddock. Gilbert went into a water hole near, took a cornstalk, which he passed over the surface of the water, put it to his uvue auu saiu, x smeu tne rat or a white man.' He led them further up the creek, and presently put a stick into the ground, crying, ' There's something here !' Dug, and found the body of a man. Other witnesses identified the body. The jury returned a verdict of guilty, and Worral was executed, after making confes sion in gaol. In all this not a word about Fisher's ghost. Not one of the witnesses alludes to the story, and Farley — the man who, accord ing to the narratives of Mr. Lang and the contributor to Tegg's Magazine, gave in formation upon the evidence of his super natural vision — is never called at all ! In deed, I fail to see the necessity for the Dem ex machina. The case is by no means mys terious, and in no way calls for the interven tion of supernatural powers to mal :e it plain. Sum up the evidence, and see what it means— 1\. Fisher, a rich man, suddenly disap pears. 2\. Worral, who lives with him, states that he has gone to England, and commences to sell stock, for which he produces receipts so clumsily forged that they are at once refused. 3\. The persons refusing the receipts re ognize the ahtbw worn by Wprr&l; to be I Fisher's, and say to each other that ' Fisher } must have been murdered.' 4\. £20 reward is offered for the body of Fisher. Fisher's own house is, of course, the first place searched . A tracker finds the corpse, as fifty trackers have done before and since in similar cases ; and Worral— j the man who had asserted that Fsher was in England, and who had claimed his property, is naturally arrested and tried for the murder. I Surely it ' needs no ghost come from the grave to set suspicion busy ! The assump tion made by the narrators of the ghost story — j ^sner had been a whole year gone, j and that nobody suspected foul play until the ghost was seen— is altogether opposed to the facts. Fisher was murdered at the end Ot June : the SUSnimrms nF Hnnnnv ovirl l,,*o overseer Codrington, were aroused early in July ; while the body was found and the whole drama played out in October. In point of fact, instead of Fisher's ghost being the first link in the chain of evidence which led to the conviction of Fisher's murderer, I Fisher's own moleskin breeches served their late master that good turn : and the ghost, i | in ail probability, was never thought of until the excitement of the rumoured crime gave somebody a capital excuse for seeing it. I have no doubt that Fisher's ghost is an example of how ' well-authenticated' stories or the supernatural get into circulation. 