DliliP MINING. It is well1 known that there are a number of BhaftB < going down beneath tho SQO feet lovol, and one shaft, in faot, is at prosent over 1.03J foot deep on tijo UuatlorV line of reef, and quite a ritalry has sprung up as to which company shall tint obtain payable stone at and bolow that depth, i horefore uny new discovery in the shape of gold-bearing atone is 1 moat carefully acrulinUed, and the ' peculiarity' of each occurrence hpeci:»l!y noted us 'rtlFecting iill ; those d «ep ainkora in thoir subte rranean' exploitations. With regard to this deeply • located 'nuciferous quart*, it will bo ivimrnbored that the Groat HustUr's Company interHioto*! a new lode oast of their main a.-mft by means of a crosscut driven at the 850 feet Uvel, aud that the .a;one, pu it being tested, was provod fairly profit nble-in' ihe first lot sent through the batteries. This was taken chiefly irom thu south end of the 'dHvo'foiluwing the lode in that direction, and the -iast'triiil of-atoiie was obtained both north of the cr^ssou-. and from a winze which is being mink (o the 900 feet level from beneath the £30 feot level, which yieWed .rather more than an ounce an I two or three 'pennyweight* per ton, showiug thus a 'proKtly'improvod quality of stono as obtained from 'the- parts specilic l above. With the exemption of this very profitable quartz constituting tlu deep isf paying lode in the distrlci, theio would not be uny occasion for \u to refer to these facta wore it not that another matter appears closely uliied with it .which requires our attention, as well as that of .our mining managers and mine owner*, und , necessitates further elucidation from prao'.ioal hamU, The qius:iou resolves itself simply into the follow ing What is the proper and moat ustful practice for cro.-scuttiag for the lodes adjacent t > our tuain shafts? and iu accepting to some extuut the opinion of one of our oldest, if not most competent, 'malingers, the matter stands us followsFormerly whon claims were small, and tho vxig*noes of the in ning parties engaged therein iu many cases necessitated that the gold should be followed, and if possible not be lost sight of; nnd in duo course cr- jaacuts were only then driven when actually the Hold had gone down to bo distinctly traced by such main workings. In this munner there was r.o system observed, and consequently the wall rocks or their tracks in the country were per forated iu a way not now t'houshb of, ami to this ' irregular stye of embryo mining many ' very Viliiahlo discoveries can doubt less be ascribed, discoveries that have raised many m-n to pjsitions of ullluence and independence, and which strokes of luclv unfortunately hofe of late are becoming of too rare an occurrence to bene fit this district iu pait'oular a« th'uy used to do in olden times. It is therefore a'qiostion of great importance as to whether or not our moderu ?tyle of opening up and working mines U such as will disclose all the treasures contdnud in the country reeks between the levels as opened nowa days .it much greater dUta :Ces apM*t, or at greater depths below ench other, than in the older an i less systematic manner f-f effecting the same pur pose, uud taking this Great Hustler's Cempany'd discovery as an example to illustrate our m gument, or that of any other company similarly placed, what would be the probable cjnsrqucucc in these days of mining where ths making au.l Electing of calls to obtain fundi for the carrying out of works, is a matter of gicat difficulty, and fre quently of undeservcI hardship; if that or a ;y other company had put iu their crosscuts wider apart than o> feet, and perhaps through so doing mixst'd a valuable formation of stone? Why, ."•imply, the creation of feelings and opinions ad verso to the future outcome of tho deep workings and the probaHo abandonment of th«.ic praise worthy cut-rprisos iu some instances. With deeper mines, undoubtedly the expenses for prospecting the ground as at present, are very heavy, and the construction of main workings too near each other, is carefully eschewed in consequenco, but if that proceduro cutiils the gradual depreciation of mining property, placed iu that category of deep sinking, it would be as well to forego M'atems trans* planted hero b^ capable men, wh.ch may answer in mines other than gold, but does not, to all ap pearances, with our belts of lodes, which develop so gre.it an' uncertainly ami irregularity iu the occurrence of profitable auriferous quartz, and which but Rjldom permit tho systematic planning of mines in order to secure every possible a vantage to both tho investor and the employe. We learo this matter at present, but shall tuke future occa sion for referring again to it, beoause it is also closely'related to the question of what are tho pro per sizils of claims for;good, speedy, and profitable mining. In the G'enroy Tribute yesterday soieu vary good stone was broken at the 1-iO feet level. A number of specimens exhibited at tho legal manager's (.Mr Bell) otlice showed coarss gold finely. The slone varies from 10 to 'JO inches iu thickness. The Goldczi Gate Tribute Company have now been baling water from their shaft for over a month past, and they can now calculate on re suming the sinking of their abaft. It is a remark able circumstance that this water exuded from a sandstone rock of a very dense and hard character, into which they had penetrated ovei 15 feet, and thus it appears that this strata is surcharged with that element. The Cosmopolitan Company have nearly com pleted the s nking to tho 500 feet level, at which depth it is intended to cut a plat and pu: in crosscuts to thoroughly test the country, i Several spun wero passed th:ough in this shaft, and amongst theso iheio are some dipping altnoat vertical iu the bottom of the *,h fc, which are charged with sulphurcts, and gold has also been seen in one of thmi. Thu water Uas of late increased sensibly, and it is rising through the strata, mostly at tho east end of the shaft, whore a coarse-grained saudstouo prevails which, with a similar bar of saud»tone at tho w*st end of the shaft, enclose a bed of slate, which is about a foot tnick. The sinking has continu- d to bu of a hard nature, and with the water coming in the progress made has b.-cn satisfactory. Tho Gordon's Garden Gully Tribute Company have been, unwillingly on thoir part, brought to a temporary standstill, through the breakiup: of their wire rope*. This took plaoo on Ust Monday, through the engine-driver lowering a bucket too quickly, and, in ord-r to stop the impending run Uio brake was injudiciously applied so strongly as to arrest the descending bucket coriaiuly, but lil$e hw°, C|l"smi tl,U! r"i"'s t'> Hlinp ill two. iNi)>y rop,; oet Ml I,'" T U';' f'ni" and mo L ' . '"""'V, whmotipon on their brill" 'Jz" , ",,w, :i;m f"l,t .o«W..tly Won mink thnmU' wKu'n IHI T"8 "'T 'lnV° i... 4 lif U{5° which underlie wu,«, timl..ouo;i»r .».li.n . puniw ittnt with niumiic and u <»•<•'• 12 inches ill width. Company cut, it will, bo ro ll u If101'" It-'K of, tho top foiWiitimi of tiiliii, ni-iill i :v,y jr( u,t ,i «f h82 toot., in to niiil.- !l. t- _ 'Sincu tliuu llioy huyo.conUnucd Mil! f irWw^lT' "V *1 ?,l,h^u',U HllUO("oWl)ioll U « footwal uf u.i.1 lodo composed, u.ul W on tCl' f* !l « hiding uuulo in it. I l n" out, nn cUmvo atutoil, it mmsurod fully oightUim inoiicn i;V wliltli^ sliowiiiL' Suhlo"0 f » s,luh ll, !la t0 1'0I1,1°1'its Alio .OX , , nppuiii'iinoa «V can ba fhiind in tlioi lo,lo Ima do oioasoil in aizu HomoWlua; noW iHuiuiit-iug'WiSat ir, luohon i'oros4 iii,tlio bottom uf 'ili'o';»rriift; nul atl.l it Is idinil.ir in that rcpoct in'i \ 71l'|Liall''U'S,;'0 '1U oul|t'llllfttioil of tllO loilu 'iVibuto 0Oiiipuny'4.f„ii.ic, 'iJu ^ ^ 1 au l*10 ^0,'° nUornatcly- iuamiso tcvmod AnVii.;ollolo«"'K 'hniiyitiy andfootwlilla. »l?.t 11V T™!?"8 .in,! nearly com- i •»orj,'tl'«^coiwtruotioii jimUlook to I iteolvu tlio golden atono miau l in futuro, mid to' I'nnd wlU,'Un<l,,!y\rlg0?'1 '""d'»»t'«Cn>Jtiully,.-.formed i io.nl withHouth Myrtlo-atreot, so that tho iiumlz iu»y bo convoyed difvot. to.tho Imttciion. Tliu lodo u poi-footly, dry, nihil tho nno hilildrdd gallons of llu M? ••??}'"mk,,-',5 ,UVUT ilioui- iiiiitlmialliift '''n'mMioition oE. tlm shaft i mi r,U'^i . >a located at prosuut,!.,'i;J 1 tlcUoluuir, iitruam- 'J'ribiUu. Oulilniuty. uru 'Bti11 ouguged in sinkiug the;wiiizo!froiii,tlioir;toi>.tbitlio ^tP!",1<lvo1i;a,,(1:i'i;i8»''tiSf,iotoiy for all ooiicerncd tlmtv thoilojo. maiiitiiins a, good width ott tlio iivariffe.in thoitotal/ dojUli stuilr,* liiii'otiulliii; to 03 feat uiid 0 inches. Good gold wns.suonin tho uarly; part of yuatorday in a widtlr of- ktono'exmBiliiiir 15' mohos and tho onstoru buolc still exhibits a llnu; and koliil oharaotor."' 'l'ho ovossout which ,is bei11Lr urivo:i oast to ineot, this \yiiii5o is now in 3G:fobt' ami from prosunt nppuaratioca and tho anglo of midorlay oxhibitod ill the,, wiimo by tlio niof, but II or porliaps l! foot will.ha'vo'"to bu drivon beforo tlieao two iiiftiii wiK'kitiga rug.jpruparly ooimeoc'od' for notiuu breaking down of atonu. ^ ' ihu Uurrowoa'a frouliold TributojO^nipftnyhftvq boon milking thuir m.iiii shaft.dotperiof kto.'aiid though tliuy aro now somo 170 foot froiii. tlio'iiii:f.>"cii that opiinitiiin will bo oiMit';ii«ud. for.^omj'tliiio td ojino. Three gold-bearing tiiiitt'Tijiyo'bjien nitor scotod m tha uliuft,. wliioli Dviji.'iitly-.belong' to anothor and doupor formation of Kolil- liuaring atuiio.' ihiij suoond foi'malion ia now: (ionght for witii somo auxioty in thu niinua .uf this vicinity,' liooausu gradually tlio ,stouo in .thcr. /i;Ht formation is bolng exhiuistod, rondoiing; }t liooosa iiy th.it a rroih supply sliguld bo, diannyerud and oponod ,up for winning atunu .fqr' tlio b.xttorios. Tlio wliuroabonts of thil siicond fonnation requires thoroforo tho cirounup otioii ami oloso iittontion of * bjth^i'ulub'diyiiora "iVnd^iui'nlV iiianiigora.r/thougli a vory good giiidj JiiiV.alroiidy; budii,' affordoU Hiy tho diaoov^ry of-suoli ii.;f6;;mativii .in tlio cross! out loading to tlid.lop .forimit.dh of' thj G.G. lodii from tbo formor Nf;3:tributo'JBliaft.iu, th.j G.irdo.i Oully UiiUed(qoiiip;iny]8,gr9uiidi;wlioro somo very (tood stojio.jwna liUcoverod sbmo'inonlhs ajo. Tnii shaft Is now;470'feot deop/iinil ilO/fdot 'below tlioiif -uoepost |dat and' broasout," j*iiil'i't'' is - i>roui UHuinif 'tliroilgli slato ooniitiy'ht> proauiifc,' \vliiofi''liurin'iU fair progress boinjj ni.ado.* • FJ. { . '{''^.H^.l^yla Qully'rcof^asagiin boon takaii in hand, iiiid'a"veiy flio'pliin't.has'bouii'furdcled rei ceutly bytlid'oWiior'of}tlio clnlin— Mr1 J. B. Wat son, ibis plnut, and' tlio shaft whiph is now boinft sunk, nra •JUuatod due oast'of tlio St. I'atiioka on tlio' Oai-don' Oully lino, ai'.d thorofojo'yo^yoaiiiiilelalily'sputli.ofilliu'ijluer worki. iugs on* this * iie^lootod lin6;bf ' Tlib'6(igl(|o is <!f Kbmit 15 bbrao'jpbwuf, ifrivinic a uoublo-.i in ding mill alao'~tlie''nccc3savy*'lpiiirii)ing joawr-;';;teMn'd-lmnd^fpl'iini1- ihK,oxb'eU galvuuised irou roof,'. A vt/ry coniiiKjijiuus smithy and 'otiier'no&oasitrjr.shads;' 'ami 'ou tbuildings con's'ti' tuto tlio turfaoo . arr.'uigcmoi'iU, t.'gotbor with .strongly.built ft|nd stayed jjoimctiheads. Tho shaft is now. boing aiiiilc through "siiiulstoiiu and slata of a ' t'U'lly- loharaotor.f.iind I tho,. water; Which'.-; id ;boini raisod to tho scifaiio through a iOrineh lift, is ait at prosoutlihfbrfiringhvitli voiy/irjipidiprogrois,! No doubt tho owner is.ifully oonvinoed of tho futuri) ana jiroHtuUlo outqomo .of. i tho operations witU thi> aid of tliisKpowbrful .niaohiiiery.- as'! oontemplatodi andjati:prbkoiitc ini aotjvo operation'/ rto.i.go into tho.nflairJinglo.lianded, which ili itself.is aiorndit aule aotion. iii' theab poor, times, booauso a liumbor of ,dejer.viiijf;? minora and otliura /niro UUfordui lioo.l and opnstant. employmont, wliioli o.uniot .alwayS bo obtaijiod at.present in .this.distriotiT Thi shaftMs'-now-l/iO f,et deepi and tlio^w.itor.neocasi . tatea four strokos of fnur feet eabhidf tho pumps to free tyo bottoni of suoli olun^ont..3 ; v<{ • The' following telogram appaiirs^iifiyosterilay'a +>V"i: - ' Stookyard .Oreek. iMonday—No ^l'South Quartx Claim finished a' arusliiiig'' Of-'WOl'tons of stone 011 S.itu'day. ' Tlio wasbiii'g.up gave the mag nificent return of 1,305 oza of'amalgariij-Which re torted 701 ozs gold. Tlio last crushing'of'thia party 10 weeks since; wa'i 'B5i- Ozs'froiri'"^'!''ton j, thus obtaining 1,252 ozs froin-220 tohs'pf ijioiioi'' ! Golden Lion Tributo -Oo'inpiiiiY;—Tlvo'.iii'liiagor (Mr 0.. r. i3rown). ro!:<)ils:=yiiie.Jeie'hi^iboii sunk durini the^last fortnight through hard aatid stoue,:makiug KS'foet from iilat,H« Wo.cut; two pro m sing »lido4, .oarryini,'. quartz,<{ior,ioausing ;Very unsettled ground.JnisilikiugX.lio.shaft; total depth from surface -138 foot;:timbered aiid ladders fixed to' bottom. Machinery, workiiig/.vydll, aud water do1 o.uasuijj gradually.,.ri< ) ,',a!l • Siroam'TdbuttfGomi<iiny.-.TIio'mahagor (Ml- S: G. Oo|6) ropOTtst—^hOTcef 'wasi'cut^ycitor day morning m the eiiatoni-'iji'ojscut at the .110 ft i miof'37/t; OiVil frdin tho shaft A drill hdlo was bored iii1tha;8tohe',-wfiioli.'api)eaV8 to }>e about 18 inchescihiblc.f HXpecfc to ba able to break somo down toiday, Tho^tdno iii th'd '.Wihze is looking very good.'. '' : ■«rC>l1I'r,?y .^'bute.pompknjv -Tha maii'agar (Mr 6 W. Boll) ropdrt»i~Ih brdakiiijr 'ilbwu, to-day tho men havo come upon some ?ood at bay, showing ooarse gold. Stone about twenty inches thick. ^ M«|bonrno'aud Ohampion Bay Le id Company.— The goneml manager (Mr James Fowler) reports: — A.dvicc- from tho mine have been rcceive/I to tlio 1st October. In ruspoot to tho lodo telegraphed last month as having been struck in the" Wlioal Johnson, tho manager Htatos, judging by the j) e aunt appearance of the lodo. wj will be kept'busy riisiug ore for the next 12 months at least, and there is a splendid show to induce further .siiikin" at a future day. We aro all gratified at tho pros" pocts of the mine; in i'.ict, it is admitted on all lunda there is no nii-:e in the co'ony to eiiua' tho Narra T.irr:i at the present moment. At the-l'riuce Alfred mine tho manager reports that contract No. 31 has been completed, anil is now in 1'JO feet from tho shift. Over this drive lie has let contract No, 31\. ftaping up to old level, and reports that the loda is magnificent, being in some places nearly 2 feet thick of pure prill. In respect to smelting, operations have boon carried on, and pig lead to sonio'oxicnt has been produced. The furnace acts well, but until it b.-conies thoroughly seasoned a complete and satisfactory result e.nnot be looked for. All the teamsters that can ho not are em ployed carting ore to the Hav, anil a full cargo is o.<iieotod to bo ready for the O.ivell on her return t'ip The Cleopatra is exp oted to arrive in a few days, and biing.i 10!) tons of le.ul ore and some pi" lead. Toe company's general manager (Mr James I'owler) proceeded to the mines by the last mail on a tour of inspection; to m tke linancial arrange ments for the conduct of the compiny's basines/at Champion Hay, toar.ange about tho future ship meats of ore, to provide for the success of smelt ing, to inspect tho working of the machinery, and to report r'uily on tlfe company's mine and p-o pcrty. Mr. G. N". Craig reports Windmill Hill Company.—The winze from tho 700 feet level has been sunk 'J feet, making it -IS f et deep At U feet a slide camo in and cut oli' the stone, or has carried it t.) the east. Tho OSU feet crosscut has been extended 7 feet; total from the shaft, 110 fcjt. As this ii approaching to reef the winze Ironi the Oil) feet lev I is now being sunk; it is 3;> feet below the level, and is IS inches thick, showing a little gold. Nortli Hustler's Company.—The crosscut at the H '0 ft t 'evel has been driven 10 feet, making it '213 feet from tho shaft, and the winze from the whim shaft has been sank il.i feet; total depth, 27 feet. . " .it G.G. Consolidited Company.—.Vi7 louls have been crushed, (of the public during the fortnight. The machinery has been overhauled during the fortnight. "John's" Dismki: to GnAVH-woutxc.—Mr. James M'llenley, Anglo-Chiucst! linguist, writ iiig to Iho Cunhtown Courier, gives the following reasons for the reluctanco of the Chinese to bury the dead bodies of their countrymen. Ac cording to the luw.s of China, when a man dies in the house of a stranger, the proprietor is held responsible for his death, and if he lias wealth in his possession, finds himself mulcted in a con siderable sum of money, to be paid over to the relatives of the deceased, for the loss they are supposed to have sustained through the death of their relative. No doubt the legislator who framed this I.tw thought that ho was creating a safe-guard for the lives of men. Hut it has had an opposite effcct. When a man dies under the care of bis relatives there is no notice tak<m thereof—but mark the opposite effects. When a man becomes sick among strangers, he is taken out and left to die on the highway, which, being the property of the Government, compro mises nobody. The law, as it stands, and is acted on, has stilled every feeling of humanity, incredible to those linacquainted with the laws of China. But the evils do not stop here. I When a man dies, the house by such becomes | polluted, and to cleanse it from such is a piece of costly work. The ghost aud devils :u'0 ex pelled by a priest, who does the \yorl-; by sprink ling the house ivith holy water and burning incense, at the samo time running through the house vociferating, with a naked sword in otio hand, which he strikes the invisible devils with, and a rope in the other hand, to bind them, aud finally winds up the perfur.nance by plas tering ou the walls some clianns written in enigmatical characters, to keep the devils from entering the house aud doing the inmates harm, who could not otherwise have rested contented therein, uutil assured that the devils were kept out by these infallible preventives. The Iteprcsen/ative of last evening reports that scarlet fever has broken out iu Gtvstl.j maine. ~ An iron mine opened Sandy Creek, near Maldou, is reported to be likely to turn out well. 