? FLORENCE A NATIONAL TALE. MACARTHY. CHAPTER VIII. (CONTINUED.) BY LADY MOBGAJT. THE friends or acquaintances of the Marchioness of Dunore were composed of such persons as are usually found following the great to their temporary retreats, from what is designated the world; and were picked up by accident, chosen by caprice, or tolerated from necessity. Her dear friend and quondam rival {selon Us rfgles), Lady Georgiana Vivian, was a person of high rank and moderate fortune, one of the supreme exclusives of the supreme bon-ton. With a character vibrating between sentiment and libertinism, refined in her manners, free in her conduct, she had already replaced tli» bloom of youth by the complaisance of experience, and secured an ascendancy over the amour-propre of her malt friends, which brighter charms in vain disputed. Acting with desperation against the world's rules, she obtained by her address its suffrages and sanction ; and with an air Silent and soft as saints removed to heaven, she had the courage to venture beyond those barriers of discretion which others of freer deportment trembled to approach. The character and appearance of Lady Georgiana formed opposite extremes. Her conversation was a murmur, her look jimplicity, her manner naivete. She coquetted through a series of attitudes with her lovely children, and talked of poor dear Vivian, whom she had left at home in the gout, with a tone so tender that it was difficult to decide how so fond a mother, and so devoted a wife, could live without the objects of her affection. A letter received by her ladyship from Lord Frederick Eversham had been shown by her to Lady Dunore. This letter contained a most overcharged and ludicrous description of the country from which Lord Frederick derived a salary, very acceptable to the younger brother of one of the poorest dukes in Great Britain. But, most of all, his descriptive ridicule rested upon the little court of which he formed a part, and on the government, out of whose arrangements his sinecure originated. He had visited many courts; was familiar with princes, and known to monarchs ; he had fought in the field with emperors, and done the honours for sovereigns ; a court without a government, a representative of majesty without power, patronage, or influence, seemed, therefore, to him an incongruous combination; while the solemn, trifling formalities, in which he was himself officially involved, afforded him endless amusement. The whole recalled to him something he had heard or read of the formal puerilities distinguishing the Government and court of China ; and, from the moment he discovered the similitude, Ireland to him the celestial empire, the castle of Dublin,* Tien Sing, or the " Heavenly Spot," and secretaries, chiefs, subs, aidsde-camp, and officers of the household, were chop-mandarins of every coloured button in the prismatic scale. The letter of Lord Frederick, which promised amusement, the epistles of the Crawleys, which threatened dangers, a dead season, hatred of watering-places, an offer from Lady Emily to accompany her friend, a promise from Lord Frederick to compose a party faite a ravir for Dunore Castle, combined to fix the wavering intentions of Lady Dunore. She had a few weeks before given up all idea of attending the election; and her new orders, issued with the promptitude of lightning, and executed with equal celerity, enabled her to reach Dublin before she could find leisure to inform Mr. Crawley that she had changed her mind. The party promised by Lord Frederick to dissipate the ennui of Lady Dunore consisted of Mr. Heneage, a young Englishman of fashion, and brother aid-decamp, and a Mr. Pottinger, whom Lord Frederick had described in his letter as the " Baldassar Castiglione," the Cortegiano of the Irish court, and the very representative of its insignificance, formality, and obsequiousness to all the powers that be. To call forth the results of these qualities had, indeed, been the principal amusements of Lord Frederick's life, ever since his arrival in Ireland; while Mr. Pottinger, proud of being distinguished by any great man, looked up to the brother of a duke with a deference which no consciousness of Lord Frederick's ridicule ever disturbed. Mr. Heneage was of the rising order of dull dandies ; he had just sufficient volition to choose his calling, and sufficient energy to iron the cravat that indicated «; he spoke little, because he had nothing t° say, and would have spoken less had castle is the residence of the Lord Lieutenant. From this " heave ily spot ' all that is good and is supposed to emanate. it been possible in the necessary intercourse of life to use fewer words ; for he believed that, to be truly fine, one should not speak at all. His dandy aphorism was that every lady should be her own link-boy, and hia, daudy system was to suffer her to be so. Lord Frederick, though a young man, was a dowager dandy, and was among the original founders of that now degenerate and declining order. Great tact, savoir vivre, and humour had distinguished hiB early probation, when, to be a .dandy, it was requisite to be something more than a coxcomb. Two years' residence in Paris (where, as a prisoner of war on parole, he had been the dSlices of every fashionable circle) had confirmed him a mermillcaux ; and ho now so pleasantly mingled the fopperies of his home vocation and foreign calling that it was difficult to say whether St. James's-street or the Cliaussee d'antin had the fairest claim to hiB peculiarities. For the rest, Lord Frederick was one Whom folly pleases, and whose follies who almost dignified vanity, and rendered affectation supportable by the good sense and good feeling which, in spite of his efforts to conceal both, formed the basis of his character. In gallantry, aimer en cnurant was his device ; and it was literally en courant from Dover to Dublin (where his new appointment awaited him) that he dropped into the opera, saw Lady Georgiana Vivian in Lady Dunore's box, found, or fancied, in her what he called "the delicious laissez aUer ease of a charming French woman;" and, after a few days devoted aux petit soins, left London in love and despair. Lord Rosbrin, who did not arrive with this party faite a ravir, but who was to join it from his seat in the neighbourhood, was a foolish-looking young man, whose vacant countenance seemed to beg Macbeth'* question of Where got'st thou that goose look ? He was born and educated in England ; hi* vast property lay in the south of Ireland ; and his first visit to that country was for the purpose of enlisting himself into the service of the Kilkenny theatricals, where his rank not obtaining for him a high cast of parts, he was contented to exhibit himself as one of Macheath's gang, and to appear in the character of mutes, senators, generals, and others. The intellectual capabilities of Lord Rosbrin went further towards overturning the doctrine of innate ideas than all Locke has written on the subject, without, however, affording much testimony in favour of ideas acquired. His mind was a tablet upon which memory, the genius of fools, had made some traces ; and upon this stock of tag-rag recollections, obtained from play-books, he had traded through life, without anyone calling into question his property in the possession. Vain, in proportion as he was weak, his dramatic vocation had arisen from the applause bestowed upon his recitations when a child; and the blue and silver draperies in which he had played Ariel at a private theatre decided his calling for life ; from that moment to him " all the world was a stage, and all the men and women merely players." His mind was stored with theatrical associations, stage properties, and stage anecdotes, leaving him little better than a walking prompter's book. Ambitioning the first class of parts in the theatre he was building at Kilrosbrin, he looked down upon all senates but that in " Othello ;" and preferring the potent, grave, and reverend signors of Venice to the potent, .grave, and reverend signors of St. Stephens, he threw his Irish borougliB into the hands of a political stock- jobber, who dabbled so successfully for him in the funds of ministerial influence, that, from a mere Irish baronet, he in a few years became Baron, Viscount, and Earl of Rosbrin, of Kilrosbrin, in Ireland, and Mount Wareham, in England. To meet this party, Lady Dunore had sent from Dublin a most pressing invitation to her maternal uncle, the Right Honourable Hyacinth Daly, of Daly's Court, in the province of Connaught, who obeyed the summons with such alacrity that he was seated at his niece's toilette the day after her arrival at the castle. He loved her for her mother's sake, whose frailty and misfortunes had substituted pity for the resentment which had risked his life in a duel with her betrayer. Mr. Daly, now in his 70th year, of an ancient Irish family, which for two centuries had represented their native county, a*privycouncillor of forty years' standing, and oie of the small minority which went out OJI the occasion of the Union, was, in person, character, and manners, a genuine epitome of the ancient Irish gentleman. He preserved, even at his advanced age, that species of chivalrous gallantry in his manners which not long since distinguished the gentry of the country, and which sent them forth to foreign courts the most accomplished cavaliers of .their day, or as a monarch, who was himself a fine gentleman, named them, " the finest gentlemen in Europe." Time, which had shed its snows on the venerable head of Hyacinth Daly, had not "thinned his flowing hair," which he still wore dressed with infinite care, and precisely as he had worn it forty-four years before, when he first took MB place in the Irish House of Commons. Mr. Daly had distinguished himself in the House of Commons in the memorable year 1782, when Ireland for a moment was a nation ; and he had kept his noble mansion in Dublin until the Union; then, having followed the liberties of his country from their cradle to their tomb, he retired for ever from the scene of their ruin, spent his winter in London and his summer at Daly's Court, and never saw the capital but to pass through it, for the purpose of crossing the Channel. His mansion in Dublin (now a barrack) had been open to all the rank, talent, and worth of the land. There, all that has been flatteringly said of the genius, spirit, and ga|ety of the Irish character, was realised in its circles : there he had lived with the Charlemonts, the Burghs, the Grattans, the Currans, the Floods ; and there many a beauty, who had afterwards added splendour to the galaxy of British loveliness, had imped her wing for conquest—the Gunning, Monroe, or Birmingham of her day. CHAPTER IX. THE time, thoughts, and feelings of Lady Dunore, on the day after her arrival, were wholly engrossed by the three leading members of the Crawley family, whom she had received in her dressingroom after breakfast. The elder Crawley overwhelmed her with manorial business, plunged her in all the endless details of rents and roads, leases and fines, bills, parchments, and accounts, till her eyes were dazzled with figures, and her head ran round with fatigue. The business, upon which she had at first entered with eagerness, as being new and out of her way, became intolerably wearisome and insupportably disgusting in its progress. Throwing from her, therefore, a pile of papers with which Mr. Crawley had heaped her table, she exclaimed, in a tone of exhaustion— "There, Mr. Crawley, lean hold out no longer ; -pray remove these horrors from my sight, if you wish me to live. You arc the best judge of what is for my son's interest. You have always been active in our service. Only we want money to carry on the war, observe; for you Irish are always dreadfully in arrears, and we must get our rents better paid. For the rest, if you wish me to remain among you another week, never overwhelm me again in this way. I would rather," she added, gradually working herself into a fever of annoyance—"I would rather be mistress of an Irish cabin, and live upon your Irish potatoes and buttermilk, than submit to this, Mr. Crawley ; and if such is the tax upon Irish property, give me back the 'far niente' of my Italian indigence, where, when one enjoyed the climate, one enjoyed everything ; and where time, patience, temper, pleasure, and health were not sacrificed for leave to live in a melancholy old castle, on a savage sea-coast, at the head of a beggarly town, amidst clouds and storms, and among people who, as Mr. Conway says, even when quiet,-may be compared to a slumbering volcano." Old Crawley, having thus attained his point, swept up all his papers and parchments into his green bag, with a mingled look of obsequiousness and humour, and was succeeded by the law agent for the election. He,-in his turn, poured forth a tirade of invectives against the Whiggish O'Mahoneys, whom he represented as sturdy opponents of the present order of things, and as inflaming the minds of the people for their own private ends. He spoke of strengthening the hands of her ladyship's ministerial friends, talked jocosely of " we the corruptionists," paraded, with great pomp of words, his electioneering schemeB, detailed his wonderful successes, and went through a general account of the large sums which had already been lavished in the prosecution of the cause. With this specimen of his business talents he contrived to mingle some smart jokes and good points, drew forth his "little equipage of wit," dealed largely in quotations, poetical and French scraps, and rounded off his peroration with a well-timed, well-placed, and well-received flattery, offered to the rank, political importance, and even personal attraction of his noble patroness. " Well," interrupted Lady Dunore, yawning, as he 'attempted to return to some details of the freeholders lately registered, " well, for the present that will do, Mr. Conway ; but spare me the rerain of the eternal election. You have managed so well, that I think we may promise ourselves a dull kind of success enough. It would set one wild, though, if Fitzadelm should come orer and spoil all by refusing thie borough, after so much money has been spent upon it." And she added, with a look that indicated it would not be an unpleasant thing if he did— "But there is no chance of that, and so things will go on sleepily enough ; and I don't think I need go to catch one, of your Irish typhuses, that you describe so frightfully, by personally canvassing your greasy corporation people of Glannacrime. But, oh dear, Miss Crawley, what pretty things you are making out of that scrap of coleur da rose note paper. Coleur de rose is such a relief to the eye after yellow parchments." " It is an invisible fly-trap, madam, to catch the little epicures who come to feast upon hands which, as Cleopatra says, ' kings have lipped,' " replied Miss Crawley, with an insinuating smile. Miss Crawley, with scissors and cutpaper, now succeeded in her turn to her brother and nephew. But pink paper, like yellow parchments and fly-traps, as well as elections, were destined rapidly to wear out the attention of Lady Dunore* and Miss Crawley had recourse to the castle, of which she voted herself the cicerone, to revive her flagging interest, and to engross her ladyship to herself for the rest of the day. In the course of two hours they had mounted to the highest turret, descended into the deepest dungeon, penetrated the darkest closet, stood exposed upon the rudest battlement, talked of ghosts and rebels, ball* and insurrections, marked out alterations and improvements, ramparts to be thrown down, and verandahs to be raised, swans to be procured, and ponds to be cut for them, the sea to be banked out, and rivers to be turned in, families to be excluded, and families to be admitted : all this was diversified with discussions upon evangelical schools, quotations from evangelical tracts, and many, very many soft, insinuating, penetratingcompliments from the diplomatic Miss Crawley, on the reform which the power, influence, rank, talents, and virtues of Lady Dunore might effect in a dark, unfortunate, and bewildered people. Reform, with Lady Dunore, meant change : change was always delightful; and, for the - present, so was Miss Crawley, who indicated 1 its possibility, and who had already awakened so strong a prepossession in her intended neophyte, that Lady Dunore would not part with her, to return to Mount Crawley to dress for dinner, till she had promised that, as soon as her family visitors should leave her, she would come and take up her residence at Dunore. The male Crawleys had fatigued with their facts, the female had amused with her speculations ; both served their own purposes, while they played with her feebleness and caprice ; and as Miss Crawley drove off from the castle in her jaunting-car, she mentally exclaimed, with triumph, " Dame du Palais, indeed ! and now let Lady Clancare look to it." * The fashionable guests at Dunore Castle had not met till the idle half hour before dinner assembled them in the saloon, into which they straggled one by one. Mr. Pottinger was engaged with Debrett's Peerage, Mr. Heneage with his cravat, and Lady Georgiana in winding gold thread from an ivory reel, held by Lord Frederick, who lay lounging beside her on an ottoman, when the whole house of Crawley, male and female, were announced en masse, and made their entrance together. The men were in inky suits of professional black, save the major, who was all scarlet and medals. The ladies were covered with Honiton lace and Irish diamonds. The four tawney Miss Crawleys were beflounced and furbelowed knee deep ; and Miss Leslie dragged up her gown on her fat, white shoulders, as she entered, with a look of innocent effrontery that might put even fashionable ease to the blush of inferiority. (To be continued.) Baron Dowse congratulated the grand jury in Wicklow on the total absence of serious crimeB. Nearly all the reportB from the assizes are bigbly satisfactory. In Carlow the judge suggested to the grand jury whether it was not time to consider the propriety of nonverting the county court-house, for whioh there is little use, into an industrial school. It is, I understand, probable that Lord Lismore will take steps to have annulled the adjudication of bankruptcy against his son, the Hon. W. F. O'Callaghan, M.P. for county of Tipperary. Mr. O'Callaghan voted in the division on the Irish Coercion Bill, but at the time be was not aware that he had forfeited his right to do BO. Bankruptcy does Dot vacate a seat until the expiration of 12 months from the date of adjudication.—Correspondent of Freeman. A melancholy accident has occurred in » small fishing village in the west of Corkcounty. During a heavy storm a wine oask was observed floating in the sea at Porson Cove Leap. A boat, manned by seven fishermen, put off, and as they were engaged in securing the prize the boat upset and the men perished. The accident was witnessed by several persons on shore, but no assistance could be rendered, owing to the heavy sea and the distance of the Arowmogynext from the shore. Six of the deceased'were married. - / 