THH HUSHES OF HOLWYCH. MOKE tuan thirty years have elapsed, (¡noe the circumstances hereinafter related aroused a curiosity and interest, by no means limited to the neighbourhood of their occurrence. The drama of life has shifted rapidly ; the principal actors in this iittie episodo hare passed away ; the scene itself has, with a suddenness rare eren in these transforming times, assumed an aspect as dissimilar to its former self as Nature, though much-enduring, could permit. The railway that pierced Holwycb to its heart, sweeping away like cobwebs picturesque old cots, and sowing staring "villa residences " in their room, could not absorb its noble uplands, rich with box and fern, nor divert tbs course of the little river, ia whosedark-grcen pools, ever since Cosar'a war-chariots rumbled through this rale, countless generations of trout had lurked and fattened ; but it tunnelled the one and spanned the other, and, Tushing on to fresh destruction, left Holwycb a thriving town indeed, but with an air of having been on a visit to London, and of haring brought back with it something of the gloss, swing, and swagger of metropolitan suburban life. Buen a metamorphosis, combined with the alteration of a few names, will preserve for Holwych a sufficing incognito. For this which follows is, so to speak, a mystery. And the lovers of such narrations are sometimes-os, indeed, ia the privilege of the sex that most ? delights in them-uncertain, coy, and somewhat difficult entirely to please. Explain your ghost, and he becomes an impostor. Don't, and, even if your veracity pass unchallenged, particulars are demanded as the price of faith, which it . might beinexpedient-nay,libel!ous- todiselose. Perhaps a better reason than the excitement of mere wonder may be found for this description of narrative, in the fact that it bes occasionally helped sccptism itself to comprehend that there may be, moving in our very midst, powers, forces, and forms of being, which all man's garnered wisdom can neither weigh nor gange. On a bright Hay morning, in 1835, Colonel Cuthbert Elderton, accompanied by his fair little newly-married wife, quitted London in search of a country home. The world-BS in the case of another pair of whom we have not unfrequently heard-was all before them, where to choose j and, having no reason for especial haste, they resolved to examine at least such parts of it, es might bs conveniently visited in a fortnight, and 9 mail-phaeton, After being all bot ensnared by the sombre charms of an old Elizabethan mansion, veil clothed with wood-which proved to have been ? lunatic asylum-and after declining, with thanks, a brighter-looking residence, whose latest proprietor bad pushed his wife into a well {the law, however, in its ever- growing tenderness for murder, refusing to convict him), the colonel and his wife found themselves, at the end of a week, passing the pretty little cluster af cottages, and tba one irregular street, which at that time represented Holwycb. With the broad sunny aplauda on the one hand, and the wooded ?nd watered valley on the other, the travellers found tbe reece so attractive, that they determined to halt at the village inn-the Swan -take their lunch, and make tome local inquiries. "Curious!" remarked the colonel, thought- fully, as they presently stood together at a back window of the inn, commanding a view of the edjacent country " What, dear ?" "I have never, to my remembrance, passed through this place before ; yet, somehow, it-it seems to know mo !" " Know you 1 How ?" asked his wife, laugh- ing. "That's more than I can say!" replied the colonel, still with a puzzled look. " 1 can really hardly explain my meaning-but it's something like a man, making ono a hesitating how, being not quite certain that it isn't yunr brother." " William, your brother, does hunt in this neighbourhood !' said lira. Elderton, pertly. "Ho! that's it, no doubt!" responded her spouse. "But, Cuthbert, dear," resumed Mrs. E., "don't they say that people sometimes have previsions-foreshadowings-of Ihingsand places yet to como?" " Often. At this very moment," replied the colonel, still at the window, " I have a prevision of certain mutton-ohops, about to become reality, for I can hear the waiter saying so !" " You always laugh at such things," said his wife, discontentedly. "Chops P I indignantly deny it !" responded her hungry spouse, opening the door to listen. " No. Mysteries." " On the contrary, I like them. I solve them, too-sometimes. For example, the sort of prevision you speak of, dear, probably means, nine times in ten, that, having formed a very definite opinion aa to something you would like, when, years and years after, it suddenly presents itself, you claim it as an old friend." "I am certain, it is a fete. Wa are, to live here," said Mrs. Elderton, decisively. At this moment the lunch appeared. " I almft think we decided too hastily against <h>t preta" Wileote," remarked the colonel, as they oat «own. "Cuthbert, dear, that well!" said his little wife, with a shiver. ? "My love,. I cannot bring myself to believe, that there is anything about tba place, calculated to produce in every oecupant an irresistible desire to puah his wile into a «alt !" " Konsense. But it's na matter. I should never feel perfeotly at ease-quite at homo, you know-in a house where anything strange had happened." "He wasn't convicted, y Ju know," observed the colonel. " My love, another chop ?" " Wow I wonder if they ever used the well after?" said Urs Elderton, thoughtfully. "Can't say. Speaking for myself, I own," said tbe colonel, "I should be disposed to Jet that well alone.-Waiter, do you chanca to know of any vacant residences m this immediate neighbourhood P I ehould want good stabling and out offices, and a little land. Ibers is nothing to snit us, I take it." "Te-, that is, no, sir," answered the man, with a ooiok glanos at Mn. Elderton. " Which do you meanl?" "There's nothing, sir, to-to suit the lady," returned the man, bastliy. "Everything in these parts, almost, is in the Inoccupation of families which had lived there for years. But there's a hagent, Mr. Brodgett, in the next village os'll tell you more." " lam mere and more attracted hy this place," raid the oolonel, es they resumed their journey ; " apart from the mysterious welcome it has gives me. Nothing to be bad, eh? Ko wonder people get attached to- Hallo ! There's a vacancy, at least !" They wera pissing a large mansion, about a quarter of a mile beyond the village, standing back from the road, and shielded from the latter by a large dump of fine cedars, so ss to be only neible above the gates, which opened upon a broad carriage sweep. It was builtof grey stone, was long and low, and had projecting wings and s sheltered portico-altogether presenting a heavy, yet imposing frontage ; while, from its elevated position, it wai clear that the bsck windows must command an uninterrupted new of the whole of that beautiful vale, on the wooded slope of which it stood. Tbe oolonel had checked his horses, to make a closer scrutiny. There were remnants of auctioneers' announcements «till adhering to the outer walls', end tba house itself displayed co signs of occupation. Doora and windows were closed throughout. Bo thread of amok«, issuing from any of the multitudinous chimneys, betrayed the présenos of creatures who mut dins j and the property, generally, appeared to he relegated to the sombre guardianship of two coronal figures-half man, half griffin-which flanked tbs portico. "That house, now, looks as if it had a story," observed Hrs. Elderton. " I wish it had another!" replied her husband, : with a critical closing of the eyes. " Too heavy, by half, for anoh an elevation. The grounds, if thero be any, must be magnificent, dear. Shall we gire them a minute or two ?" Mrs. Elderton readily assented, add the pair, alighting, walked-as the riddle hath it-round the houae, and round the house, and were only deterred from looking in at every window, by the strong iron shutters which hermetically sealed the same. " By your leave, monsters !" said the colonel, impatiently; as they returned to the portico; and he gave a stont tug et the boll, which emitted one heavy sepulchral note, and then, as if exhausted with the effort, left its linudlo in bis grasp. Provoked, but not discouraged, the two explorers continued to hover about the enchanted castle, till they discovered a small wicket, opening upon a lane, following which latter they came upon a gate, atron; and securely locked, but with open bars, thus affording n view of the garden and grounds in rear of the mansion. These appeared to be even morn picturesque and beautiful than the colonel had anticipated. Broad terraces, spacious lawns-some level, some sloping downward toward the river, whose murmur, ss it rippled over tome invisible weir, could be faintly heard ; clumps of maple, planeB, and elms ; choked-up flower-beds ; moss-covered fountains ; everywhere a wild warfare between order andconfusion,in which theformerwss being gradually overborne. On the {arther side of the central lawn there commenced an avenue ol huge and venerable walnut trees, terminating in an alcove or open summer-house of white «tone. Shut out from the houae by the intervening trees, this building was so placed as evidently to command, not only the fairest portions of the garden, but the distant country beyond. " Why, Cuthbert, it is a paradise !" exclaimed Mra. Elderton, visions of improvement already chasing each other through ber active mind. It was, in truth, a smiling scene. The spple and pear blossoms-these must have been a hobby of some former proprietor-were absolutely dazzling ; and the young May leaves, with their soft, fresh tints, completed the natural glory of the scene. The mansion itself, on thia aide, presented quite a cheerful aspect the rear face being either painted red, or faced with brick, and abundantly clothed with pear and pomegranate, trained round the windows, which opened to the ground. " Tile houae is a humbug !" remarked the colonel. " Who, from its frowning front, wonld have eipeeted a scene like this ?" " It is just the place I should dote on !" said his wife, enthusiastically. " Vacant, too, dear. What could that man mean, by saying there was nothing in the neighbourhood ?" "The wsiterP I can only account for it," replied the colonel, " by the supposition that some friend of his, just married-and ready, those demoralising circumstances, to indulge his wife's every whim-has an eye upon it already." *' Oh, Cuthbert, does that mean-?" " It means, at all events, that wo'll make some inquiry. But how to get-hallo, you !" A boy of loafing aspect, coated with moss, as if he had been bird-nesting up some venerable tree, had just appeared from behind a clump of j elder-buBbes. , " Hallo, you !" returned the boy, like a surly I echo. " Who looks after (his place?" " Kono but th' ushers, 1 'low," replied the I youth grinning. " Thc ushera ? It's a school, then ?" . I "If'tis, there's a vacancy," responded the I remarkable boy, with a second grin. " Do these ushers receive people who wish to see thbhouse and grounds ?" " Ko. They keeps 'n away," said the boy. And, pressing his hands on his bulgy pockets, BS though conscious of something contraband, he prowled away. .TU see the agent to-night, at Hatchford," said the colonel, as they regained the carriage. The neglected mansion had, in truth, taken the fancy of both. They could talk of nothing else ; and, long are they reached Hatchford, had not only made tho property their own, but transformed it into a model of perfection, wherein art and nature ¿trove in vain for mastery. After dinner, the colonel, with assumed in- difference, thought he would stroll down to see the agent, Mr. Brodgett. He did not invite bis wife's company, fearing, peradventure, that her undisguised desire to postees the mansion st Holwych might somewhat interfere with the bargain lie hoped to effect. So he told her she was tired. Mr. Brodgett, who was still at work in his office, readily forgave the colonel's untimely visit, and furnished all needful information. The''Mansion," as it was called, of Holwycb was untenanted ¡ had been so, in effect, for some little time-a couple of years or so-the rent being high (in fact, four hundred a year). Seeing (hat the land was limited to about a dozen sores, without shooting-for Mr. Brodgett would not allude to the right of shooting dabebicka in the Mumble es sport-the rent was high. But, then, there were reasons : tbs mansion waa historical. " Historical ?" "Connected with one of the most interesting periods of English history. The Lord Chancellor Jeffreys, by some writers styled the * bloody,' is said to have resided there." ''The dence be has!" ejaculated the colonel, thinking of his nervous little wife. " But," resumed Mr. Brodgett seeing. his mistake, and with an indulgent smile, "this is not based on any recorded facte. Holwycb, you must know, was formerly the assize town, and possibly his lordship, when judge on this circuit, might have passed a night at the mansion, Then, sir, the singular beauty of the grounds--" "My good sir, the terms are simply absurd," said the colonel, decisively. " So I ventured to tell my principal;" replied Mr. Brodgett, laughing. !' But be ia a man who hates small transactions-petty invest- ments; yon know. ' Get me four hundred, Brodgett,' he wrote, 1 or let the owls hare it rent-free.' By-the-by," continued the agent, looking among his papers, " in a letter, received this very day, he intimates a willingness to sell, and that on terms that might suit you better than s lease. Here it is. I am almost ashamed lo tell you, but he is eccentric. For the entire ! property-it is freehold, and the house in good repair-twelve hundred pounds !" "The price ia not exorbitant," owned the colonel, wishing be might draw a cheque on the spot. " It is worth thrice the money, sir," growled Mr. Brodgett. "But I must obey orders." An appointment was made for the next morning to inspect the mansion and groonds; and the colonel was turning to leave, when it occurred to him to remark that he understood the piece had been recently occupied as a school. " School !" said Mr. Brodgott, us if amazed. " And is left in charge of the ushers." "Ushers? H'm. Ushers? Nothing of the sort, sir, I assure you," said the agent hastily. "It is of no consequence. No doubt I was mistaken," replied the colonel. And, hurrying home, reported to his delighted wife the happy issue of his expedition. It was noon next day when they drove up the gras«-grown sweep, and found Mr. Brodgett awaiting them at the open door of the mansion. If the exterior wera dark and forbidding, it only formed the greater contrast with the lofty, { light, and spacious rooms thrown open to their j gratified inspection. Those on the ground-floor, ! garden side, were en snits-a noble dining- j room, drawing-room, billiard, end breakfast room, terminating in a conservatory, and extend- j ing the promenade that might be made through the successive apartments to sixty or eevonty yards. Alt the windows, save those of tbs dining-room, opened to tho ground, giving access to tho lawnsandtcrracesalreadydescribed. There was much massive furniture, apparently but little the worse for time ; and as this was to be taken at a valuation, and the house was in all respects ready to bc occupied, there was nothing to prevent the Eldertons taking posses- sion, as soon as the legal transfer could be accomplished. And so zealously did Mr. Brid- gett bestir himself on their behalf, that a very few days saw them fairly established, and already at work on their projected improvements. To tbo colonel's enjoyment there WSB indeed one slight, very slight drawback-the fear that his wife, who had so frankly avowed her dislike of a house in wbjch anything unusual had occurred, should become suddenly apprised of the alleged visit of tho "body judge"-nay, bis possible occupancy or the very chamber they bad selected as their own ! What followed it may be advisable to give in the form of tho diary, letters, and depositions, in which this strange story was originally re- corded. "- It was in Hay, 1835," (Mrs Elderton after- wards wrote to a friend ra London) " that we took up our abode at pretty Holwych. Our house, the ' Mansion,' though sombre enough outside, was the brightest, cheeriest dwelling heart could desire. The sunshine never seemed to depart from one or other of its gay well windowed rooms, until it melted into night. Cuthbert and I were in raptores with our purchase-busy as bees, and little anticipating ihn strange series of events of which, as you desire it, I will endeavour to give some particulars. "We had been in possession about a month, during which nothing especial oeourred, except that two of our maids gare warning, without so far as I could perceive-any valid cause, and that Mrs. Kettetidgo, the housekeeper, begged to be allowed to ohange her room in the weat wing for one, much inferior, is another part of the bouse. But never baring-as you may suppose-heard of any unaccountable circum- stances in connection with the house, these incidents merely caused me a momentary surprise. " The first thing worth recording occurred at tbe beginning of July. I was sitting, abont mid-day, in an open alcove at the end of the walnut-tree walk, sketching designs for some flower-beds, and, as I wall remember, thinking of nothing conducive to uneasiness, when I became suddenly conscious of indescribable sense of panic, such as you might feel had some frightful scene or object unexpectedly presented ! itself to your view. Yet I saw nothing, save ¡ when some sound from the distant village made I itself faintly audible through the stillness of I noon. Trying to laugh at the fancy, I bent I over my work, when again tho panic seized me, ! and with such force that my pulse bounded ! I felt it-und I hardly dared to lift my eyes, lest they should rest upon some horrible thing, j that hud noiselessly crept upon me ! 1 did, I however, look up, und the quiet sunshine and the glowing (lowers seemed to rebuke my sense ! less terror. "' This ia too absurd !' 1 said aloud, and took up my pencil. But once more I seemed to : feel the approach of the fear ; and, this time, without waiting for it, I jumped from my seat with a sort of cry, took to my heels, and never i stopped till I arrived breathless in the house ! ! " X did not^ till succeeding events seemed to , give a kind of significance of this adventure, : tell it to my husband. I knew I was a nervous little thing, und that he knew it ; and feared ! that the first result would be a course of tonics, I which I hate." I Extract from the diary of Colonel Elderton, August 6th, 1835.-" It », certainly, a singular house ! The odd sounds that, after the residence of only a day or two, I began to hear, become more frequent. I have hitherto been able to conceal them from Edith. Yesterday, it became impossible. " We were sitting in tbe small study, at half past nine in the evening. The windows were closed, end the door (leading into the hall) wide open. " We were both reading, when we distinctly heard slow, measured footsteps cross the hall, coming, as it seemed, from the dining-room then suddenly appeared to sound more distant. Bolts were drawn and undrawn. My wife, supposing it to be the butler, merely wondered wby fae stayed in the ball. Finding, however, that all was again silent, 1 took a candle and examined every room. All was quiet; the windows closed and fastened for the night, and the doora abut. A servant coming to remove tea, we asked who had been moving about the hall, and received for answer that so one, since nine o'clock, had quitted the enpper table in the servants' hall. My wife, who was sitting beside me on the sofa, nestled a little closer, but gave no other indication of alarm." Mrs. Elderton briefly notices this incident in writing to her friend, then passes en to another of a more starting character. " About two in the morning of the 16th August I was aroused by Cuthbert's starting up in bed, with the exclamation that an attempt was being made upon the house ! I entreated him not to go down alone, but to ring first for the butler, who, that night, happened to have tba pistols. We at that time slept in the drab room, west wing. "? I had, myself, heard nothing, being sound asleep ; but my husband told me that the first noise that surprised him was the violent shaking of the hall door ¡ then of the windows of the room below; after which a voice distinctly «aid, * Hush!'the 'sh,' which was much pro- longed, being taken up, like a watchword, by another,' hush,' and thatby another,asif thehouse were surrounded. The noises thereupon ceased ; end, on examination below, nothing was found to throw any light on the disturbance. "During that autumn we frequently beard footsteps poBs our door at night, sometimes accompanied by the rustling of a silken dress; also noise below, as though furniture were being moved about. Invariably, if either of us were awake at two or three o'clock, we heard a Bound as of a large chest violently thrown down, sometimes once, but more frequently two or three times. We tried in vain to detect the origin of this sound. " Icansoarcelyaccounlfortbe indifférence with which we got, st least, to regard these unususl things. But growing more and more attached to the place, which was becoming a real little paradise under our bands, we were loath indeed to confeas tbe reality of anything to its discredit It was only when the daytime noiscB were too loud that we cared to interfere. I have again and again ascribed them to thc serrants, and gone upstairs to request them to be more quiet ; yet I found the doors all shut, and no onoi u the rooms, or on the stairs. And yet the noises had made the chandelier vibrate." j Colonel Elderton's diary in September : " But for my little wile's pluck, 1 would, on ber account, give up this blessed house at once. These mysterious doings annoy and enrage me. I cannot in the least divine their souroe. " Finding that the silk-grown rustling was of almost nightly occurrence, I laid a trap last night for the intruder, stretching a bit of black silk right across the passage. I did this without my wife's knowledge, as 1 knew I should have to keep awake till one or (wo in the morning, and did not wieh her to share my vigil. " A little before two I. waa conscious of the approach of tbe light pattering step-like that of a woman in slippers-wbicli was ul ways first heard. Then came the silken rustle, actually brushing our door. ' How, mr lady, we shall see !' thought I. Getting quietly up, and softly opened tbe door, with our veilleuse for a lamp, I ascertained that the silken thread, stretched about two feet from the ground, remained un* touched ! "Sept. 23rd.-Halsewell (the butler) has given warning. He was my beat ally, indefatigable in trying to trace out the cause of these alarms. His reason for leaving seems insufficient. The ssrvanta 'chaff' bim as to some supposed resemblance between the ghostly footsteps and his own ! He admitted, however, that there was something else, which he could never tell mc until I had resolved to quit this residence." Mrs. Elderton to her friend, in continuation : " In November, after the departure of our butler, Halsewell, who had been very bold and watchful, the noises increased, as the serrants declared, with a sort of mocking imitation of Halsewell's step, and manner of opening and closing doors, aa fae moved about the house. "One day, at half-past one, while I was reading in my dressing-room, having had to remain upstairs for a day or two from illness, I was started by hearing people moving about in a noisy manner on the small landing below; then loud screams. I rang the bell sharply, then opened the door. Nothing was visible ; but I heard a voica say, ' Hush-sh,' three several times, becoming at each repetition more distant, and seeming to float away in a manner which I cannot describe. "I think it was on the following night that I ] was awakened by a loud noise, as of a person walking very heavily on the landing below, or in one of the adjacent rooms. I nercr heard ' such walking before. It was, so to speak, a j giant's walk, and seemed to shake the house from one-end to the other. We had had for some days a policeman in the house at night, and, rousing my husband, I begged him to call , the man. Before be could leave the room, wo heard the eound of a desperate struggle on the stairs, as of two men fighting. Keeling sure that our watchman had at last pounced upon ; the intruder, Cuthbert dashed off to his aasist ' ance. All was etil! and empty ! The police -1 man, whom Cuthbert met quietly going bis ' j rounds, had heard no unusual sound." i As the disturbances at Holwych continued steadily to increase, and had become notorious, I Colonel Elderton reluctantly resolved to leave ; I but, before commencing preparations, required ; from the serrants statements of whatever of a 11 remarkable nature they had severally noticed, i I This produoed a mass of testimony, which, : \ making every deduction, has probably no i parallel in the history of " haunted house " of i ' our time. i 1 It should be mentioned that; during thc ! occupation of thc mansion, fire serrants (tho 11 butler, groom, end three maids) bad left, divers i 1 pretexts, but rosily-as it now appeared-from r the perpetual annoyance caused by the unac : I countablesounds. Groans¡sighs¡footstepB;anoise , I (constantly recurring) like a child's rattle ; doors > struck and handles turned ; sounds of tossing , about boxes and furniture ; carriages driving up , tho sweep whoa none were there ; rustle of Bilk ; , screams \ a voice heard to say distinctly, ** All is 1 true;" and. finally, a sound of very peculiar > character, compounded of a hisB and whiz, which was of almost daily ooourrence, and, commenc 1 ing as described, terminated in the word i "jlfushi" distinct, prolonged, and invariably , taken up by voices more and more distant, till : they became inaudible. One cf these statements, \- supplied by Louisa Serase, one of the maids, will serve ss a specimen : - > "I was four months under-bousemaid nt , Holwych. During the whole time I was annoyed i by the strangest disturbance. I slept with a 1 fellow-servant above the kitchen. One night, very late, we heard walking and talking below. It lasted an hour. We did not recognise either i step or voice. In the morning I spoke to the 1 rest about it, but every one denied having been i ! in the kitchen at nil. They did not tell me (I ) had not been long arrived) that the house was said i to be haunted. After that I became accustomed i to strange noises, but what happened later determined me to leave. " I was awakened one night by a cold hand i touching my face, and, looking up, saw a very s tall figure by my bedside, with an arm extended. I said, ' I will know what it is, or VII raise the ' house !' when the figure mored towards the , window end vanished. My companion saw it \- also. Next day we were allowed to change our . room, but I was uncomfortable after this, and , left." I Becollecting that tbe butler, Halsewell, who i bad loft, had offered further testimony in the I event of the house being giving up, Colonel ) Elderton wrote to him, announcing his intended I departure, und received the statement herein ) after given. But, in the meantime; the follow i ing strange incident occurred to the colonel ' himself. i He was writing letters in the breakfast-room i one forenoon, when u step came along the i passage towards the open door. To save the trouble of turning to see who was about to enter, i ha looked in the mirror just opposite, and saw ' a very tall man, in a long yellow coat of aomc coarse material, and with his hat on; standing i in the doorway. i " Well, who are you, my man P What do '? yon want here ?" was the natural question. Without reply the man extended his arm, as pointing to the garden, and, striding across the i room, passed through the window (opening to the ground) into the garden. " A cool hand, whoever you are !" exclaimed the colonel, and, starting up, at once followed ; tba intruder, whom he was on the point of over- taking just as the latter turned the angle of a 1 shrubbery, and entered the avenue of walnut trees, leading to the nlcove before described. Hardly a second had elapsed, yet the walk was vacant The man had disappeared ! The colonel rubbed his eyes in amazement. Up to that moment no idea of the supernatural had occurred to him. He had heard the man's step, and observed his features in ths mirror (they were those of a young and rather wali looking man, with singularly large eyes) j and a suspicion, prompted perhaps by the remarkable drees and manner, that he waa an escaped lunatic, had crossed the colonel's mind. There j waa no placo of concealment close at hand, save the shrubs, which Colonel Elderton immediately examined ; nor hud the gardener, whom he had j found at work near the alcove; been passed by j the stranger. Returning to the house, the colonel found a ; letter from his ex-butler, in which, after recapitu- j tating a series of disturbances of the kind j already mentioned, which he had been inclined to attribute to thcives, until he found that not only was his " silver " perfectly safe, but every- thing, to the smallest article, untouched, the writer dwelt upon the peculiar whizzing sound that daily-nay, several times in a day-paeBed directly through the room occupied by the servants. At first bearing some resemblance to the passage of u huge bird, though invisible, it terminated in the distinct pronunciation of the word " Hush !" drawled out, and then taken up by another voice, and another, us a watch- word might bo passed along s line of sentries. Ibis sound-tar more than any other-disturbed the hearers, and it was always some minutes before equanimity was restored, and auyone felt disposed to quit the room-alone. Even againat this, however, the bntler declared his courage would have supported him, but for the occurrence he now; et hil Ute matter'» request; waa about to relate. A little before dusk, one da; late in August, he had occasion to pass through a gallery on the basement, leading to the servants' hall, at one end of which stood a mangle, or rather press, for the table-cloths in usc. Before this press, as if examining it, stood a very tall man, clad in a long coat ot yellow frieze, with a narrow peaked hat, from which long hair descended on hi« shoulders. At tho question, " Hallo ! What's that ?" from the surprised buttler, the man turned round, end came towards him. The butler then eaw that, the visitor appeared to be of middle age, had very large blue eyes, and what seemed like a narrow red scarf drawn across part of his fore- head. Without pausing for ac instant the figure marched straight upon thc questioner, who mechanically extended his arms, To his unutterable amazement, they mot with no resist- ance, and Halaewell, as if awakening from a dream, found himself standing in tho middle of the passage alone! Notwithstanding this incident, the butler wat reluctant to quit bis master's serries ; but feeling that bis story, if told, would eitber be disbelieved, or, if believed greatly increase the alarms and annoyances to which his mistress was exposed, be finally resolved to leave, as mentioned. " Hearing mysterious noises ; talking of ghosts, and probably dreaming of them, would easily account for the gentleman in frieze admiring my table- cloths !" thought the colonel, ss he finished the letter. But on that very day arrived a very singular corroboration, and from a totally independent source. "I bad occasion, a day or two since," wrote a friend to bim, "to mention your name et a dinner-party. ' Is tbat Elderton, who ha« taken Holwycb Hansiou, may I a«k?' inquired a stranger who sat near me. * Yes.' ' I was a former occupant,' the man resumed, 'und I should much like, with your permission, to ask i you a question, at another moment, regarding ita present condition. I have hoard that your friend has excellent taste, and the tihee was certainly susceptible of improvemont.' Iassentod. I lister that evening wo had some talk, nnd thc | result was the small note I nov enclose. If, during your residenoe at Holwycb, nothing of a I strange and disturbing nature-incapable of ex- planation-has occurred, you are earnestly requested to destroy the note unread ; if it has, open und compare a former tenant's experience with your own." Tho colonel at once adopted the latter course. I Tho note, passing slightly over miscellaneous ; causes of disturbance, gave a concise, but clear, description of tbe perpetual " bushings," and of several appearances of the man in yellow frieze, with tho peaked hat aud large blue eyes ! After this but little time was lost in prepara- tion. But it was not without regret that the Eldertons turned their backs on their cheap but uncomfortable paradise. " So it was not a school, alter all," remarked tho colonel, as they drove away. " But, as that boy candidly warned usi it has it* 'usfaera !" What became of tho "bushers" after the j house was pulled down, to make room for rail* I way improvements, I do not know ; but it is very I certain that tba Eldertons were the last tenants I who ventured to share Holwycb mansion with j them.-AU lie Fear Bound. 