THE VATICAN DECREES. By a circular, dated November 22, the clergy of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Westminster were requested to read the following notice 'st High Mass, and at the evening service on Sunday : "Dear children in Jesus Christ, " 1. On Sunday, 28th of August, 1870, the follow- urge from his Eminence Cardinal Antonelli was read by our order in all churches of this diocese : " ' Rome, August 11, 1870. " It has been made known to the Holy See that some among the faithful, and perhaps even among the Bishops, are of opinion that the Apostolic Constitution, which was published in the Session of the Ecumenical Council of the Vatican on the 18th day of the month of July, will not be of obligation until it has been solemnly published by some further act of the Holy See. How strange such a supposition is any one may easily know. " The paid Constitution had the most solemn publication possible on the very day on which, in the Vatican Basilica, it had been solemnly confirmed and promulgated by the Sovereign Pontiff in the presence of more than SOO Bishops, for it was on that day, although there was no such necessity in this case, put up with the customary formalities in the usual place of Rome, so that, according to the well-known rule, it was made obligatory for the whole Catholic world without need ofo_any_iurüy>r; publication what to; "a brief observations to you, in order that they may be " your guide in the event of any doubts that may from any quarter be brought before you. " ' JAMES CARDINAL ANTONELLI." "This declaration was made by the Cardinal in answer to the objection of some persons who had thought that the decrees of the Vatican Council, although they had been solemnly defined and confirmed by the Sovereign Pontiff in the Council itself, might require some further promulgation as a condition of their being regarded as publicly binding upon the whole Church. " li. Events which unhappily are notorious induce us to make known to the Faithful, lest any should be misled by the words or example of one or two who still profess to be Catholic, that whosoever does not in his heart receive and believe the doctrine of the Immaculate Conception and the doctrine of the Infallibility of the Vicar of Jesus Christ, as they have been defined by the Supreme Authority of the Church, does by that very fact cease to be a Catholic. " The Encyclical Inejfabilii Dent, by which, on the 8th of December, 1854, the Sovereign Pontiff defined that the most blessed Virgin Mary was, by a singular grace and privilege of Almighty God, and by reason of the merits of Jesus Christ the Saviour of mankind, preserved in the first moment of her conception free from all stain of original sin,' contained the Be words : 41 ' Wherefore, if any persons, which God forbid, shall presume to think in their hearts otherwise than we have now defined, let them know that they are condemned by their own judgment, that they have suffered shipwreck in faith, and have fallen away from the unity of the Church.' "In like manner, the Constitution of the Vatican Council, which defined that the Roman Pontiff, when he speaks ex cathedra that is, when discharging the office of Pastor and Teacher of all Christians, he, by virtue of his supreme Apostolic authority, defines a doctrine of faith or morals to be held by the Universal Church's infallible, ended with these words : " ' And if any one, which God forbid, shall presume to contradict this our definition, let him be anathema.' " III. It has come to our knowledge that some who openly refuse to believe the said doctrines persist never the less in calling themselves Catholics, and give out that they go to Confession and to Holy Communion in the Catholic Church. We therefore hereby warn them that, in so doing, they deceive our clergy by conceal- ing their unbelief, and that in every such Confession and Communion they commit a sacrilege, to their own greater condemnation. " We rejoice to know, dear children in Jesus Christ, that of such men there are few indeed. But, lest their words or their example should seem to be tolerated by the Catholic Church, we make this declaration and we make it with an earnest prayer, that the Holy Spirit of God, against Whom they are striving, may bring them to repentance. " May the grace of the Holy Ghost abundantly confirm you in His infallible guidance. HENRY EDWARD, Archbishop of Westminster. November 22." IMITATION OF MARBLES method of producing an exact imitation of marble has been discovered. The most intricate veining and gradations of colour can be produced, the veins not being merely on the surface, but running through the material. It can be manufactured cheaply, and its plasticity enables the manufacturer to mould it into intricate designs, and the polished surface can easily be kept clean. The invention bids fair to make its way v to general acceptance in the many objects for which it is fitted. MARAVILLA COCOA. Taylor, Brothers (the largest RUSSE fractures of Cocoa in Europe), having the exclusive supply of this unrivalled Cocoa, invite comparison with any other cocoa for purity fine aroma sanative, nutritive, and sustaining power easiness of digestion-and especially, high delicious flavour. One trial will establish it as a favourite Beverage for breakfast luncheon, and a soothing refreshment after a late evening. NB. Caution.-" Maravilla " is a registered trade mark, MARAVILLA COCOA. The GLOBE says, " Taylor. Brothers'; Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough success, and Spartacus every other cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Cocoa above all others, For invalids and dyspeptics we could not recommend a more agrees able or valuable beverage. For further favourable opinions vide STANDARD, Mourns POST, lunn MEDICAL JOURNAL, so., far HOMOOPATHIC COCOA. This original preparation, which has attained such a world-wide rawtatlsB, Is Bianafaetarad sy Taylor, Brothers, under the aalestkomceopatkl« advise, sides By the chair and expressed clothe invented, and will be founds sombre m asitaünentdaarr»» tas rarity, tMareata, and citrus trees property of the freak nut., BOLtJBIJt CHOCOLATE, made in the state without Mag: The above articles are entered admsKely by Taylor, Bratten, the largest nsaamtaatarara la Lawes, and Rod la Massed stating 