OUR CONTINENTAL LETTER. The dissolution is approached by short aud easy stages; Byron liked to be particular in dates, but the Assembly doos not ; it had not the courage to go further than pronouncing PARIS, MAY 15. a " moral date " for its proposed hie facet ; so far so good ; it is best not look a gift horse in the mouth, and acceptance of tbe principle of immediate dissolution, as interpreted by decreeing the cessation of the partial electionst is a great advance upon the period when the legislators in all the pride, pomp, and circum stances of the anti-Thiers coalition threatened to hold on for ever, or later, when they pro posed departing this life oniy with Marshal MacMahon. There is apparently no desire to obstruct the general elections in the autumn ; all feel that when the event has to come off, it were well that it were done quickly. So say we all of us. Real, necessary buBiuess only will be exeouted, and that at expreBB speed. JNo Lnamber can surpass the Frenoh in massacreing innocents, or closing an unnecessary discussion. Happily, long speeches are not in favor at Versailles ; this is a great redeeming virtue. The Ministry is apparently resolved to maintain a masterly inactivity, such an attitude cuts both ways, its position is very delicate, and the' situation must be managed with great circumspection. Thiers says of M. Buffet, the chief of the cabinet, that he is going on excellently, only he ought to put a little more oil in his salad. , As the French themselves correctly divined the rumour of their being attacked by Germany, without giving any provocation, save their rapid restoration to political and material good health, was all a bottle of smoke, straws thrown up to see how the wind waB blowing. Nought can make France rue, if she but to herself do prove but true. And- the Frenoh comprehend perfectly their duties at the present moment, both at home and abroad. The disarray and the gyrations of the Imperialists form the only distractions in home politics. They are allowed full liberty, if not license to mourn the hopes that leave them. By the eleotion of M. John Lemoine to the Frenoh Academy, journalism has received a great honour from the "Immortals," as all Lemoine's literary baggage consisted in his sparkling newspaper articles, more witty and epigrammatic than historically accurate or resting on facts. He belongs to the best, and, perhaps with two more exceptions, the only serious and reliable newspapers in France — the rest are but leather and prunelle. His articles in the Debats, ever dazzling, make the tour of the world. Then they are always short leaders, generally about half a column in length, and totally in opposition to tbe linked sweetness long drawn out of the like contributions in the press of other oonntrieB. M. Lemoine is about sixty years of age, middle height, and slender ; he is probably the least personally known of all the publicists of France to Parisians because he shuns display, and his birth aud long residence in England has impressed upon him some of the severity ' of Euglish manners. He speaks English fluently, and is the " occasional correspondent," I as was his predecessor, Prevost Paradol, for two of tbe London dailies. He is said to think liko an Englishman, but to wrila.like a French man. During the "fusion epoch" he was a fervent royalist one day, and a warm re publican the next. All this never injures in France ; it make9 people laugh, and hence is acceptable. M. Lemoine is a very high employe in tbe Rothschild establishment, pre siding over the department of Spanish finances, which at no time ought to bo a sinecure. Lemoine is uot so original a writer as de Girurdin ; tbe latter's great talent is marred by eccentricity, and he seems to regard consistency as only a matter of a day's dura tion. Talleyrand counselled to tell a lie, if it would only serve your purpose for twenty-four hours. Emile de Girardiu is said to he the illegitimate sou of Louis Philippe ; at all events from being a waif aud stray of society in his infancy, he has become a millionnaire. He illustrates the Frenoh aphorism ; everything leads to literature — provided you leave it. He is still connected with the Press, but rather commercially than otherwise ; he devoteB most of his attention to the famous La Petit Journal, selling for a sous, aud it is his bobby to try and briBg its circulation up to what it attained under its original owners, Millaud aud tbe well-known Timothee Trimm. He sold la Liberie, once a fine property, but now only a Jehadow, owing to its Imperialist politics to his nephew, and converted the latter to the plebiscite doctrine ; de Girardiu now scouts the doctrine of " appeal to the people," and so far he is in harmony with France ; the nephew's hair stands on end at this chopping round, and he has just replied, by printing side by Bide Girardiu's north aud south pole opinions. — Cui bono — here. M. Jules Simon has uot been so fortunate at the Academy, as the applicaot for the fuuteuil, left vacant by the death of Guizot ; he was, however, as good as his rival Dumas, as neither having attained the required num ber of votes the election has been postponed for six months. The contest was the most excitiug, as it was a trial of strength between political and religions parties ; Dumas is a celebrated chemist, aud is iii addition, a BonBpartist and ultramontist. Jules Simon is neither one nor the other ; but a distinguished publicist and a follower of Thiers. The odds are in his favour, aud Lemoine will vote for him. The weakness still exists for worshipping graven political images; as if tho lumber rooms of the mayoralties were not already encumbered with the old busts of ancient sovereigns and former Republics, the Munici pality of Paris is to have its bust of Our Lady of the Republic. Perhaps this is intended as a slight set ofl to tho despatch of engravings of Marshal Macmahon to be suspended in tho Council Chambers thougbout the land. The Marshal i9 best honoured by allowing him to keep the oven tenor of his way. The Paris municipality are down-right- realists ; they regard the tomb of Abelard and Helo'ise in Pere Lacbaiso cemetery as a myth, and question an outlay to restore the monnmen. At the rate the world is progressing, not a legend will be left standing ; even as it is, the most popular work is that devoted to demolish ing the character of Napoleon I., as set up by Thiers; Napoleon III. in beneath demolition. In fact nothing is but what is not. Russia being now the arbiter of Europe — what a change within twenty years, all that concerns that Czar is interesting. Even before and since his romantic marriage, he is subject to fits of melancholy and dreaminess ; he likes to live for a while absorbed in himself, to wander in cloudland, and to feel emancipated from the splendors which surround him. Northern nations are liable to these fits of Bilence and seclusion, aud a weakness for dreamland is considered as an indication of a love of peace. Men of iron and blood never dream ; history makes no mention that Bismark devotes himself to such a luxury. But Alexander II. is not less a practical man, he never parts with the prey for the shadow, still less to engage in a tournament for the single pleasure of parading. He first of all aims at the interest of his empire, in the future as well as in the present, and all that does not lead up to this leaves him oold aud indifferent. Be assurod where Russia can benefit she will not hesitate to interfere, with the sword if necessary ; outside this Russia will only afford a benevolent meditation, but never an effective assistance. The moral hence, is, that Prussia baviug no material gnarantee to offer the Czar, there being no Black Sea treaty to tear up, aud the march Indiawards not being press- ing, Russia will not connive at the breaking of the peace of Europe. Q.E.D. People though not Catholics can admire the Pope as worthy old gentleman, and Catholics can venerate him without adopting his politics. It is thus that the celebration of the anni versary of his birthday was so respectfully observed in Paris. Besides, the French will never go to war on behalf of his Temporal Power. The Queeu of Spain, who lost her crown for him, run up a brand new Spanish flag on the day in question and no one ever objected to ber display of fidelity. The tobacco question unites all smokers, bo thoir political or religious principles what they may. The manufacture of tobacco in France is a government monopoly, and a very re munerative one into the bargan. Cigars, cigarettes, soutados or havanaB, all are absurd like bad weather. To read the charter of complaints, the government tobacco would be nothing more thau a compound of the Seven Capital Sins ; some, encouraged by the rumour that fragmeuts of telegrayh posts and rail way sleepers |have been found, do not despair of yet lighting upon the Lost Tribes. Abuse the Frenoh weed as may be, it can justly say to that manufactured in neighbour ing countries — "stand aside, I am holier than thou." The origin of the monopoly dates from 1810, when Napoleon, struck by the blaze of diamonds on a lady present at the Court ball, was informed she was the wife of a tobacco manufacturer. A few weeks later an Imperial decree was issued decreeing the manufacture of tobacco to be a government monopoly. It is a tax- never grumbled at, and rewards this tenderness of appreciation by becoming more productive tho more it is weighed with imposts. It is said that it takes a score of men to make a pin ; now it requires three year and four months to make a pinoh of snuff, owing to the storages the raw and manufactured material has to undergo; like wine and brandy it improves by keeping. The cigars are prepared by mixing tobacco from several countries and districts, in stated proportions ; the democratic cigar at one sous, is the product of no less than ten different varieties of home and foreign leaf. To believe some statisticians the increase in the consump tion of tobacco is mathematically proportioned to the augmentation of the cases of insanity, hence the war against oointine. It is a fact that the tobacco which produces vertigo and sickness, is that containing the leaBt per centage of nicotine, for example, the Londres cigar has but one per cent of nicotine, and Turkish tobacco less, yet both effect the head, the heart, and the stomach of many. It is tho perfume, the aroma, the essential oils that do the mischief, and to which one must become accustomed, as eels to be skinned. The caso of a smoker being killed by nicotine is as rare as a man disappearing by spontaneous combustion. It requires no ghost to prove of the rapid revival ol trade and'cotumorce in Puris; there is a marked increase iu the number of those shops devoted to the sale of the delicacies of tho season, as well as of ware rooms devoted to new furniture — tbe latter of very beautiful aud rare designs ; iu iudustrial art the French are becoming more and more incomparable. This remark does not apply to pictures which, however, are largely produced liko razors to sell to purchasers who have their offers on the average price of room-paper. A lady once observed to me, a sure sign of prosperity of a people is not alone iu the number of its milliner's shops, but in the variety of the shapes, &c.;, exposed ; judged by this standard Paris mu3t be the most thriving place in the world. A less iesthetical index is that daily before my eyes ; the number of barges and tug-boats that uscend and descend the river laden with cargo, is double now what it was last year. The lilac has gone;' a thing of beauty is not iu every case a joy for ever ; to this succeeds those pretty flowers of youne girls dressed in white, engaged in the duties of confirmation ; they are more numerous this year also ; people, perhaps, are becoming more devout, if so, so much the better, or tho popula tion is increasing, which also merits felicity. Not only the races, hut the concerts in the Champs Elysees are capital places for measur ing the well- being of Paris. Both, as the omnibuses signal, are aw complet. The conoert in question is still traditionally correct ; no black sheep are ever allowed to euter there ; it is not that ladies are culled upon to show their marriage certificates before being ad mitted, but there is a janitor at the gate, whose judgement never fails in drawing tho line between virtue and vice, and who hasserved his apprenticeship at the'Jardin Mabille — the best of diplomas. The annual f<He of Jeanne d'Ara has been celebrated with all honours at Orleans, and the selected preacher demanded from hia hearers, to liavo only the simple faith of tho Maid — for her country and for her God. Somothing ought to bo done to make tho bishop of the diocese move more quickly in com pleting the preliminaries lor her canonisation. Mgr. Dupanloup promises to bo as tedious as the famous Constitutional Committee of Thirty ; he ought to ask leave of absence from the Assembly to bring his patriotic work to a close. 