ODDS AND ENDS. <. A Light Answer,— Agaa retoit,. A cmLD of tee sea.— Ababar buoy,' Vegetable phfiosppby.Sage .adrice.; MAn is mister, butwoman ia- mystery. A Bizzv-hody iz likega rich cheespr-full of little things.— Billings, Cautious.— A ' reporter, inspeabingofa man whose two legs bod beencut off by- a railway train,, says, "Ho will probably be a cripple for- life." Utes Provincial Drama.— The Marquis (in the play): Aven't Igivo yer. the edgication of b eenleman?— Lord Adolphus (spendthrift heir) : yott'avefr Ih hia.diary the Shah says his wives were very much- frightened at bis appearance in an Euro pean silk hat. The Shah is a harem-scarem sort ofa fellow.- Miltoaukec Spntincl,. A Paisley publican was complaining of bis servant maid that she could never be found when required.. "She'll 'gang pot o' the house" said he, " twenty times for ance she'll come in." Going ih for Nioeties.— Rising Tobacconiat (more in sorrow than in anger). — 'Arf a hounce ! That's rather stfango grammar, aint it, mis3 ? I should say 'arf a nounce, if. I was a young lady a- buying birflseye. . Physics, — " Now, George, before yon. go and play,, are you quite sure you hnow tlieleseon Frofesor lioraxs gave you to learn?" "0 yes, mamma !"' "Well, 'now, wbat causes heat without light ? " V Picklea l" Hobnamental.— Lady of the house— "Any more letters, Jane, or any one called since I've been out," Jane—" Yes, m'm, Mr. Smitb." Lady— " Ob, which one?" Jane—" Oh, mum, the dark one you know, mum, with the big nose ; the one as plays the hornet so beautifully." . A New Compound Verb.— Sudden Apparition : "Papa, dear, youknowthatmamma said that if we hadbutter with our toast, we weren't to have any thing else ! Well, George has not only buttered his toast, but he's actually been and Lixhig's-cx- tract-of -beefed it as well 1 ' Poor young thing. 'She fainted away at the wash-tub, and her pretty nose went ker-slop into the 'soapsuds. Some said: it was over work; others, however, whispered that her beau had peeped over the back fence and called out : " Hullo, there Bridget, is Miss Alice at home ? " A teacher, questioning little boys about the ! graduation in the soaTo of being asked, "What comes next to man? " whereupon a little shaver, who was evidently smarting under a sense of pre vious defeat, immediately distanced all com petitors by promptly shouting, "His shirt, ma'am !" "Not This Week." — Housekeeper (who is "going" for the Old Baeheler) — "What can I have tuo pleasure of reading to you, my dear sir?" Old Boy—" 0 read the news of the weak, Mrs. Wedorburn." Housekeeper— "News of the week! why its not yet half gone 1" Old Boy (meaningly) —"Tut tut, I mean the marriage list, stoopid ! " How much is your stick candy ? " inquired a boy of a candy dealer.. f'Six sticks forfivo \- cents." " Six sticks for five cents, eh ? Now, lem'me see. Six sticks for five cents, five for four centB, four for three cents, three for two cents, two for one cent, one for nothin'. I'll take one.' And he walked out, leaving the candyman in a state of bewilderment. .Outside ,ob Inside !— Driver— 'Tes sir, I shall bo glad when the summer comes round again ; we get more passengers outside then, you see, sir— I Ekes plenty outside." Passenger — " Indeed ! outside, do you!" Driver — "You know, sir, sometimes I gets a gentleman alongside that says, Jem, can you do a glass of ale?" Passenger (after a pause) — "Ah, I thought you didn't mean out side." (And that's all he said.) A travelling insurance: agent had been ex plaining to a. western pioneer the advantage of an insurance policy. Pathfinder mused a 'moment in grave silence, and then said, " See here, mister, I have have lived out in this country now for over twenty-five ' years, and I' have bucked again most of the games they've started; hut darn me ef I want to play a game where you have to die to beat the bank." This is the : way a Mississippi editor jubilates over the recent elections : — " Once more the children of the conqueror and descendants of Alfred and Edward glory in their ancestry, and flinging the standard of white supremacy to the breezes of the Southland, the shouts of the vic torious, and unconquerable Caucasians aseend in a grand diapason to. the eternal throne of liberty." They always did lie that sort of rhetoric down South, Martin, before marriage, used to show his fondness for the present Mrs. Martin by tapping her affectionately under the chin. He came home on Monday night, very gruff, and some what — well, under the influence. Mrs. Martin, to appease him, sidled up and asked him to tap her under the chin— as you used to, Iovey. We are afraid Martin had suffered from want of practice, when we hear that Mrs. M. had a dislocated jaw, and in the morning threatened that, if Martin ever tried that again, she'd have him up for assault and battery.— IVcw York Clipper, . A fellow went into one of the saloons on Georgia street & few nights since and commenced throwing dice for money.; He lost all the silver he. had, and then put up his personal efiecta in tho shape of a coat, vest, etc. After losiDg? winning back and again losing these articles! several times, he at last walked out into the) street and began a soliloquy. "Ha, you old' fellow 1" said be, addressing himself, "so you gamble all night and have to go homo without . your clothes." With that he doubled np his fist and bit himself a tremendous lick on the nose." After that he went home as quietly as anybody else would who had received such a beating,— Vullejo Chronicle, ' The Mosquito as a Benefactor of Sub Human Race.— Tbis.tuneful insect, hitherto con sidered an unmitigated pest, with . no redeeming qualities, has at last found a defender in . the person of Dr. Samuel W. Francis, a fellow of tho New York Academy of Medicine, who, after mak- the preliminary statement that these winged pests are produced in the low, swampy, marshy district, says : "Taking as my standpoint $ho aphonsm tbat .all things were created for soino good purpose, it is my firm conviction, that the mosquito was created for the purpose of driving : man from malarial districts ; for I do not'believe ; that in nature any season where chills and . fever prevail can be free from this little animal. "Now, if man will not go after tho warning is given in bumming accents, then tbo mosquito injects bypodermically, a little liquid which answers two , purposes— firstly, to render the blood thin , enough to be drawn up through its tube, ; and 1 secondly, in order to inject that which possesses the principles of quinine." _ Josn Billings on Gnosis. — A ghost is about 5 feet 7 inches in bight, and weighs from- -4- to 6 ounces. They are ov the masknltine and feminina natnr, but principally nutor. They ain't afraid of riothingj-and" will bang around a graveyard as karelcssas a skoolboywill around a norchard in green apple time.' They are like a grato menny Other tninga in this world-soften -board ovijbnt Seldom seen. I' will givo laQO dollars to see a ghost, and 250 dollars more to: own oEri; but I want one caught whole and not hurt. . Mifrjend Fhinpas T. Barnum will take a: whole drove of them at the same price per ghost, aid hot qiiwrel abont the gender. 1 Therefore bring your ghosts. Ghoflts al ways dress in a white mte-gowhsart of a rig, and aire the quickest things that hav- ever been trottod-ont yet. Their ordinary gait is about a mile ina seokund, but it iz said- for a purse, they can beat this handyi I would really, like to see one go in public for muriny— privato -timo is fllwus suspishus. Whi don't some ofouragri- cultural horse-trot associations offer a ghostpuss, free for all ghosts? It' would draw like- a mus tard plaster in the month., of August. So it would. Marrying Heb Pouch.— In Perth there lived a 'spinster who' could Count as many golden guineas as- ever. "Tibbie Fowler6 cold. Beside this spinster there ako li|Ted q hfi«belor of somewhat parsimonious Lahils.andi 'ipasai. onately fond of the yellow "GeordicS." After the necessary quantity of " billing and cooing,", tbia pair agreed to get married.' But sdeh was the bachelor's love for gold that she dayefora the marriage, when chuckling - 'over bis : good fortune he could not suppress his insatiable desire from some of bis neighbors, who diately went and- informed: his intendedspoutio. day,, upon repairing to the church,, Mr H6wit, tho clergyman, after have "gone. , through , the usual preliminaries - and forms, .-requested them to join sands ; .but what was theastonishment-of both clergyman and company, -to sco, tho bride offer the. bridegroom her pocket -instcadnfc hor hand. Thinking there might bo some misunder« standing, Mr. Hewit again, requested tbemto join hands, but this, as well as'a tbirdveqaest, met . with the saroo pantomimic -reply!- -Mr, Hewit was at lost under the necessity of Asking for an explanation, to which the briilo'at'Qnce replied— " It's no mo ho wants, it'B thepoucb.' He can marry it if he . likes, buthe'Hnavor i marry me ; " upon which she slowly curtseyed, j turned nimbly on her heel, and -left the -as J tonisfaed and bewildered bridegroom- staring- wit It J outsbot eyes and open mouth ; and we canfancy I to ourselves, oxclaiming in ; language -some" j thing akin to that of the Scotch Bailies— " My conscience 1 but tho women aro strange custo mers?" . . -i The Coming Wife.— She's- a little bit of a woman, all patience and sunshine, and I'd spoil the best silk-hat that money could' buy "for "tha privilege of lending her my umbrella m a. rain storm. She's married, and; she's got an old rhinoceros of a husband. Ho' makes.it a practice to come home tight at eleven o'clock every other night, and has for years, and he can't remember that she over gave him a cross word abont it. "W ben he falls into- the hall she is waiting to close the door and help him back to the sitting-room, where a good fire awaits him. She draws off his boots, unbuttons his collar, helps bim off with his coat, and all the time she is saying : ' Poor Henry 1 Bow sorry I am that you had thfs'attaek of vertigo ! I am afraid that you. will be fo'nnd dead by the road- side some nigbt." . " Whazzer mean by verzhigo ?' he growls ; but she bolps him off with his vest, and pleasantly continues:; "I'm so glad you got home all right, I hope !the day will come when you can pass more of. yonr time at home. It is dreadful how yonr business drives -you." "Whaz bizshness? wbaz yer talking bout?" he replies. "Poor one— how hot your, head is 1" she continues ; and presently he breaks down and weeps, and exclaims : " Ycz znr— tie's , a 'orso — wearing zelf out f bast's can — wisbri was dead !" Next morning she nover refers ,to the subject, but pleasantly ( inquires ":fiow he slept, and if his inind is clear. His doozs may no missing- and he yells j- out: I " Whaur'n thunder's my boots ? " "Right here, my dear 1" she replies, and she bands them out, all nicely blacked up. If she wants a dress, or a . hat, or a cloak, and ho yells out that household expenses are eating him up, she never " passes ". him back, nor .tells him that she could have mar ried a Congressman,- nor declares tbat she will write to her mother and tell ' her just how it is.' " That's so, dear— times aro bard," she says, and she gets up just as good a dinner as if he had left her fifty dollars. Ho may come home tight at supper-time, but she is not shocked:' She remarks that it is an unexpected pleasure to have him home so early, and she pretends not to notico his stupid look. He sees three .chain whore there is but one, and in trying to sit: down bo strikes the floor like tho fall of a derrick:' "Whazzer jaw zbat chair 'way for?" heryells, and she replies : " It's that hole in the carpet— . I knew you would stumblo ! " and sheihelps him up and brings him a strong cup of tea. They do not keep a sorvant, and when cold weather came she never thought of planking herself down in a chair opposite him and saying : " Now,' then, you'll either get up and light the fires or there won't be any lighted— mark tbat, old baldbead !" No, she didn't resort to any such base and tyrannical measures. When daylight comes sho slips out of bed, makes two fires, warms -his socks, and then, bending over him, she mhispeis: "Arise, darling, and gTect tho festive mora J ' He's sick sometimes, and I've known, that woman to coax him for two straight hours to take the doctor's medicine, turn over his pillow twenty-two times, keep a wet .cloth on hishead,' pare bis corn down, and then wish that she bad a quail to make him somo soup. When be gets into a fight down town and comes home with, hia ears bitten up and bis nose pointed to the north east, she inquires bow the horse happoned to run ' away with him, and she says she is so thankful that ho wasn't killed. She has an exeuso for' anything, and she never admits that any one but ! herself is to blame about anything. Lord bless : i her — I hone she'll nlininto Heaven and navel-be I abksd a question.— .Detroit Free frm, \ \ 