SYDNEY LETTER. [rilOM A COltllESrONDEXT.] . AH you will porec)vo by thc daily pipers, tho Párlia* ment i assembled is making fair programs with tho legislation of'he country, as there hoa, been several fair debates upon matters in general ; but' they have i got into a bad ; habit during the last1 lew nights of calling attention to tho fact of " strangers " being in tho House, whereby her Mnjraty's lieitu subjects aro turned out io the cold, until the House'get» good tempered again, and secs fit to admit said " strangers " to listen to tho feast of reason, and tho flow of soul. Of conree, these turns out urn a bunn to the reporters, who have time to Bhnrpen their pencils, write out their : notes, and havo a-smoke; but they aro unfortunate for tho reading public who like to-know-you-know, anti are ever diger for more news. However, it ia ex. pectcd that mntteis will run pretty smoothly ;' and ns it I» thought that our late Premier has other weighty matters in hand, besides politics, tho session may como to o clore veiy shortly, mid all concerned with return to the lensing bosoms of their famille» satisfied with themselves, and smoking tho pipe of reflection nuder their own gum-tree, receive the thanks ; nf ibo con- stituencies interested for their valuable labour», I nm sorry to say considerable uncu»ines« has been felt hero during tho past week in consequence of several heavy commercial failures, which hare, been followed with rumours of others to comp. Dependent ns wo aro upon ono another, theso sad facts only provo that wo should not be too highly elated with a little success, and bearing our friend (Mr Trollope's) words in mind, be not given to "blowing" over a little general prosperity, which, a« I hivo' befora stated, i depends a great deal neon favourable seasons, and tho i "former" and tho.? laitei " rain. No doubt thcBe " failures will c-iuso a temporary Inconvenience in cer- tain circles, but it is to bo hoped that thc disease is 1 not very deeply rootod, and that : it will not spread i much further. i Somo discussion is likely to arise hero shortly i rcla'ive to the annexation of tho islands of New Guinea, upon which subject Lord Carnarvon has by telegram expressed n wish to have tho guidance of public opinion in Australia. Despita certain pms and cunt in the I'ress, there can bo no doubt that tho ' unanimous wish ot all Australians will bo that thoso islands be annexed to Or eat Britain, mid not let them slip through our dogers, as we did New Caledonia, which Island would doubtless prove u troublesome neighbour in the event of a Kuropeun war. lt scorns ! a pity that wc Ksngaroo-bullitcs should brcomo BO lost to all spielt of maritime enterprise, os to be afraid to attempt the " life on tho ocean wave," which ha» mide England BO groat and pnweiful, or that we should huvo forgotten thu old sea song whlcn runs : l Tho bardy Norseman's houso of yore vms on tho foaming wavo' 1 And there ho gslharod great renown- tho bravest of tho brave : i Oh, ne'er should wo forget our sires, wherever we may be. For boldly forth our fathers sailed and couquercd land lind sea. All cosmopolitans well know what has boon done by I the plodding steady-going Dutchman, in India, who i like Myhneer Van Dunk, never gets drunk, but man ¡ ages to lead nn easy life, and pocket muoh monoy by ' his annexation of Java, and the vatlius spice islands in that locality. I havo not the figures tn provo tho revenuo Holland du ives from her Indian trsdo, es- pecially that from thc »pico islands in and around Java and New Guinea ; but this I know that every person visiting JMVI and tho islands, cannot but feel that Myhneer has cast MB lines in plcasunt places, na ho derivos u fplendid Income from his trade in tropical products, nt little ur no cost tn himself. Tho average f day's work of n Java merchant la about thrro hours, wi,Ho ho dwell» in a land which U redolent of I g irgenus vpgoiotinn, fruit, birds, mid oil that tho heart can dosirp, and when he get» sick or tired of the climate i be can un buck to his dear old Holland, with well , lined pockets, and enjoy hi» olium cum dignilatc for tho remainder of his lifo, while Ills " olive branches " '. lake his piuco in tho land of tho cast. As regards ¡ New Qiiinoa, no doubt muoh IIOB to bo done, hut asan . opening for Australian cummciclnl enterprise I believe , it to bunctpiulled, and the only wonder Is that it has , been so long neglected ¡ hut n-most capitalists in Aus , tralia appear to have enough of irnns in the fire, they , have, perhnps, been afraid tn tackle this ono fur fear j- of buming their fingers. Sn fur ns I know them aro no openings In New Quinen, ns yet, for tho woraliip. I white man, hut for capitalists, largo or small, with ; a spirit of enterprise and commerce in them, thcro , appears to bea splendid opening for trude, and po< , chance gold, ns it is well known that somo of the natives thereabouts wear heavy gold ornaments, rough end unshnpen, where'er they may got them from. A« you nro doubtless aware many sober-minded people herc ore somewhat annoyed ot his Excellency's penchant for racehorses and the turf, but it appears . that, us u-uul, there ia two sides to tho question, as a correspondent in one of our local paper» says ; that Sir Hercules and Lady Kohinsnn are dollin . much, In a Bilcnt way to improve tho elide» they move in, The Exhibition lately held herc shows that un impetus has been given by Lady Rnbin-nn a nd j bor daughters to the cultivation nf useful and suitable nrt» amnnif tho ladies ol the upper cia«». Many cxhlbltsof lacowork and tho like were of really eleunnt Uni.h and pittorn, and certainly the work which came from Lady Robinson's own hands, and those ot her . daughters, deserved every praise for the labour »nd [ case displayed lu its execution. It mu; be also . satisfactory lo personB Interested to learn th it ti Levee i will bc hold at Government House, on Monday, 21 h . May, ar jhreo o'clock p.m., when no doubt all loyal stihjectB residing in nnd around our channing city , will pay their respects to hi» Excellency. . Talking of Government HOUBC reminds me thut thu ' establishment may bo to let shortly, ns a Sydney paper onys-" Wo understand that lt ls the Btteniinn ol' tim t Governor and family lo rcBltlo at Kaiidiviok in funnc. ? in consequence of thu defectivo sewcrnge armed Government Hame." As our emulo friend suv», i " Here wo aro n«nln," n nice house and siniimnilum-, 1 beautifully situated, left to bo hsun'ed by di-innl > ghosts and rat», for tho want of what ne all siller . fiom, defective soweiogo. I I havo mentioned In previous letters that our ' présent Postmaster-General has decided upon ad minina lady operators into tho Telegraph Department, ' for which tlint gontlenien has rcoeivi u many thanda from tho Press, and doubtless fruin tho gent leinen npcrators, tn whom n pietty girl, a» an nlllcn nnin I panion, must bc rather acceptable, Hut sutnehmv nr tho oilier, our Melbourne filends hnv> Iv en nveidoinv i tho thing, as n late number nf, the Melbow nc Telegraph publishes the following Inturmntltin nt thu r.i|ui» ot I thu hon ilii> I'ostinuBicr.Ociieiiil ¡- " At pu si nt ilure ; are nn h BS than alxtj-two upplluanta on ila- bunks, nil ! nf wlmm hnvn pnssed tho neco siu v oxumin ilion, and are elliilhlp for nnnlnyini'iit, hut tin ir chance ni > iih'niiilim employment In rotuer reunite, owing to thc Infrequency with which vacancies uccur. There -.* ! :h u .IM uni: t. i ?. J i r .? . ? : aro »IBO 200 moroyoung ladles whnto nomca appear on. the class tinta ,nt,tfioi,,t'echnolojr,ioil,, Museum_ a». »tu 'dent'« in telegraphy,'and 'whnsochant é^ófeyer obluin lng employment is 'even more remote ' than thit of thone first mentioned, i Besides,tbese,:thore iai;a!cla»B: In operation at Uallarnr, and; another is, about to bo formed lit Sandhurst, Bo that'the itin'ply of lady 'tele-' ginphlsts is lihely for Borne timo'tb come to be'much ¿router than ¡tho demand, - and .manyi who think they have only to pas* their , examinations ta claim ulrnost ¡inmediato employment aro , doomed 'to bo disappointed." ./Hère'»" a 'pretty' kettle of Ash,' and «lint is tn bo dune in thu matter, as,' said young ladies hnvo. a soul above the kitchen, and in thlB agu, of women's rights, do not uppenr'tb believe in domestic duties,'unless it he for their own «weet reives; «idle wo shall soon hnvo. the cry arise of "what shall we.do,with,'our girls !"'as tho Sydney Morning Herald says, it was'remarked by tho chair- man nf tho' Qunrier SesslonB the other day, " that a very largo portion nf the prisoners who had been brouuht before him . were, females, tío (treat was thc number, (lint ho was induced to ask what HOS to becntno of the colliny P It seemed to him that the cause that had lcd to several nf tho offences was n love of finery and jewellery. 1 ho list of tho coses tried and for trial contained churres ogulnst twenty-two women, over twelve of »hom ore charged with theft under its very legal difficulties." As thu law in theao days does not allow of a plurality nf wives, (in laut it is aa tn tell ns soma of us can dn to keep ono,) 1 nm afraid that many thousands nf our young Indios must muka up their mimi* to buckle to, ns,their mothors hnvo done before thsm, to honost domcstio work and duties, and thereby render themselves worthy to be ?he wt rcs; >> of honest "hat dwoihiog colonins ; while as .a alight solution ol'. thu. dlfHeuliy, it may he good nows to your bachelors and spins irs lo' know that <a new paper'called tho''-Matrimonial Advertiser is about lo bo published in Sydney shortlv. . At;,the i.fHeo oil tho, difficulties which prevent the union of two fund hearts will bo smoothed, and the affair brought tn n crl.iis in no time, introduc- tions ,» ill bc effected, curtes do visites oxchunged, »nd preliminaries arranged fur tho usuul cunsidciatinti, to the Bitlslsclii.il of nll pnities. It eocins now-a-dnys that luve is to be bought, soldi or exchanged the same as any nther. buslnesB iintlolc, and that plain practical sense Isio tnko thc. place nf thc roundabout style of courting of our youthful days. As the old shnw mun said-" which ever you like my liulo dears, ' you pays your money, and you takes your ehoicu." , Sydney, lßth May. 