reunion of the christian church. The multiplicity of sects, their hatreds and their feuds, have long been the scandal of Christianity, and the most potent argument of the infidel. In modern times there is a great reaction, and the Presbyterian churches of Victoria were the first to set an example which has been widely followed, especially in Canada and in the United States. a similar feeling has long existed in the Episcopal churches. Dr. Pusey pro posed a union with the Church of Rome, but the decree of infallibility rendered this project utterly hopeless. Then came the did Catholic movement, and this was — — - — - — — — — - - p — — — hailed as a good opportunity for action by the friends of union in the churches of England and America, and a scheme of reconcilement was at the same time proposed to the Greek Church. At first the proposal of union was ridiculed, but gradually the movement assnmed a practical shape, and ultimately a conference was held at Bonn, where bishops, archbishops, and other dig nitaries, as well as laymen, met and discussed the points of difference. If we mistake not, there has been a conference at Bonn annually for several years. The latest was held in August last, at which there was a Greek archbishop, apd several English and American as well as German bishops and laymen of high position, all under the presidency of Dr. Dol- linger, professor of church history at Munich. Strange to say, it was found that no insuperable difficulty existed in . reference to the tenets on which agreement was necessary as the foundation of union. The proceedings were simplified by the whole of the dele gates agreeing to accept the creed of the Undivided Church, that is, of the church of the first three centuries. dr Dollinger, by his vast learning, greatly assisted the deliberations. Ultimately it was tbund that there was no material difference in point of doctrine between the Old Oa tholics and the Church of England, and that' the only obstacle was on what is called the procession of the Holy Ghost, in reference to which the GreekChurch has for many centuries been supposed to hold a peculiar opinion. But on a full dis cussion and the examination of the works of the early fathers, it was ascertained that the dogma of the Eastern Church had arisen from a misconception. The committee appointed for the purpose agreed on a Beries of articles, declaring tbfet tiiey accepted the symbols and decisions offiuth of the OMUMWfeT Church, and the explanation of doctrine of the Trinity which it that church! They abjured the idea that there were two principles or causes, and held the Father to be the sole cause, beginmr.fr and fountain ef the Godhead. & But even more encouraging than the close of the great schism was the evidence ef a brotheriy feeling among the menu bers of the various churches, and of thin the Bishop of Gibraltar, in a speech which closed the proceedings, gave & remarkable example. He said "the sue- cess which had attended their delibnm toons was eminently welcome to himself as his duties often took him to the Bask Within the last few months he bad had the privilege of meeting the Archbishoiu of Corfu, Syra, Smyrna, Boumsnla and the Patriarch of Constantinople. This intercommunion between the churches which they had been endeavouring here to promote by theological discussion he had been endeavouring to promote in practice. The other day at Smyrna he held two services, at which were present not only bishops and congregations of the Church of England, but also an arch bishop and bishop of the Eastern Church with many members of their flocks, and at which they offered together to their Heavenly Father their common sup. plications in the name of our commen Lord and Redeemer. As God breathed into our hearts this desire for unity, He would show in His own good time the way in which that desire was to be fu filled. If Christians ever had a good cause for singing a Te Deum , they had one in the success which had attended their endeavour to reunite the churches of the east and west in the holy bonds of Christian truth and love." In all proba bility the movement which culminated at Bonn may be found to have been the most important, as it certainly is the most remarkable, of any that has taken place in the history of the Christian Church during the last fifteen or sixteen centuries. 