THE MERCURY. FRIDAY MORNING, DEC. JO, 1S75. Now that the municipal elections in Hobart Town and Launceston, and in the various rural municipalities within tho Colony, have been completed, it will not be out of place to con , aider whether the law, in reference to elections, may not be amended to advantage ; and, if we can show that the present system does not i render necessary proper publication of the various stages in the course of election, and could we imagine a mayor, or warden, or clerk, so lost to all sonso of shamo as to take advan- tage of his position, and carry through an election in a hole and corner .manner, we feel assured that we will ' have dono enough to demonstrate the nocegsity of a change in the present cumbrous legislation in regard to muni- cipal institutions. That tho word cumbrous is not misapplied by us,will be admitted by any ono who finds it necessary to refer to the statutory law for information on any matter in connection with such institutions. We do not, of course, include among those to whom wo appeal the gentlemen of the legal profession whose minds are so contorted that they never feel more at home than when doubling corners and jumping from one Act to another, or from one section of an Act to another section of the same statute, inconsistent with or throwing doubt on its neighbour. We refer to mon who road language in its ordinary acceptation, and who, when they desire guidance on such statutory matters as affect their rights as citizens or members of the commonwealth, expect to find it embodied with- in the four corners of a statute, the title of which leads them to believe they have found that for which they are in search ; who, perhaps, know nothing of Amendments,or got bewildered among Amendments upon Amendments ; and who if they come to any conclusion, are oppressed with a suspicion that they aro as likely to be wrong as right. We know the danger of the non professional mind ontoring on tho inextricable labyrinth of, " Whereas it is expedient," "Be it therefore enacted," and such like law English, and we acknowledge the truth of the axiom that a man has a fool for his client who ÍB his own lawyer. But surely there should be some exception from the rule that makes all law a hidden mystery except to its appointed priests ¡ and that exception, if to bo found any whoro, might ] be expected inthelawsthattellamanhiBprivileges and his obligations OB a citizen or member'of 'the I community in which he resides. The Freemasons, the Oddfellows, and the various other societies and guilds into which society is divided, are regulated by laws which members of ordinary intelligence can understand, or as to which, if there is any dubiety regarding the interpretation, they know, at least, the section of theso laws regulating the particular matter that for the time being interests them. Why should the citizen of Hobart Town, or the ratepayer in any municipality, who pays certain suniB to the common good, and expects a common protection and coir mon privilegas, be left in greater doubt as to what he has to pay, or what he has a right to expect in return i Yet it is the fact that ho is left to grope in the dark. That the MAYOR of Hobart Town, in the other day making his farewell speech to the Council, was using no exaggerated language when he acknowledged the services of the TOWN CLERK, and said that, without his aid and guidance, he could not have discharged the duties of his office with satisfac- tion to his own mind, will be readily admitted by any one who propounds to himself any question in connection with the powers of the MAYOR and Council, and turns to the law for an answer. He will find himself at once smothered among Acts of Parliament. True he is saved a deal of trouble. The Imperial statutes embracing the Colonies, and the Colonial legislation since we enjoyed i responsible government and made our own laws, do not require, to be hunted through to separate the existing from the repealed Acts. There is , placed at the command of the inquirer, if he is fortunate enough to know where to look for it, " an Index of the statute law in force in Tas- mania " up to the close of a recent session, pre- pared by Mr. HULL, the Clerk of the House of Assembly. But turning to it, what do we find ? I In connection with the constitution of Hobart I Town into a Corporation, and defining the powers of the Corporation and what affects the citizens, we are referred to no less than 23 Acts of Parliament, and others have been passed since. The inhabitants of Launceston are left in a worse jumble. Besides Acts passed in 1874 and 1875, they are governed by 27 Acts of Parliament. The rural municipalities have less straintplaced on their mental faculties, but quite enough in seven Acts of Parliament, Such multiplicity of legal enactments cannot tend to good government, for the law is not intelligible except to such gluttons in municipal legislation as the Town Clerk of Hobart Town, who has made municipal law a life-long study, and is therefore, as Mr. CRISP acknowledged, an indispensable right hand to the Mayor for the time being. It is absurd that the few munici- palities of Tasmania should require no fewer than 57 Acts of Parliament for the management of their affairs ; yee all that heap of legislation has been accumulated to regulate Hobart Town and Launceston and nineteen Rural Munici- palities ; Hobart Town and Launceston dividing 50 statutes between them. It surely is not too much to ask that any amendment of the law shall be accompanied by a consolidation of it. One fact is sufficient to prove the necessity of an amendment of the law, and it is this. Much I of the efficiency of municipal action depends on the choice of the men to whom is committed the duty of carrying it out ; yet, though the law is very minute as to the date and manner of the election of Members of Councils, there is no necessity for any public intimation that the ratepayers are required to elect representatives, or, in the event of a contest, for making known the names of candidates. Mayors and muni- cipal clerks exercise, as a rule, a wise discretion in giving public notice ; hut one official deems notice of one step essential, while he ignores that which another regards as all the public require to know. One instance wo could name where the whole election was over ere the ratepayers know they were called upon, or had the privilege of electing 'Members of Council. In such cir- cumstances, what more easy than for a designing or scheming official to fill the Municipal Council I with his own creatures, the ratepayers only awaking to a sonse of the bad working of municipal laws when a gross municipal wrong has been committed ] We have not to thank the law if such a thing has not occurred. Let us take the annual election either in Hobart Town, or in any municipality. It might be thought that when the period of election is approaching, attention would be called to the matter so that others than those immediately concerned with the working of the law, or seeking election, might have their attention directed to it, and bo led to look out proper men. There is no such obligation, though, thanks to the good sense of most of the public officers concerned, they do what the law does not demand. It might be thought also, that when the day of nomination is passed, the names of all the candidates would be published. In some cases where there is a contest this is done ; in some it is not. Where there is no contest the ratepayers as a rule are left in a state of supremo ignorance. Tho Hobart Town Act declaros who aro the persons entitled to voto, with the number of votes to which each is entitled ; the mode of nominating persons for election as aldermen ; the modo of procedure if not more than the number required is nominated; and also where the number of candi- dates exceed tho number of vacancies ; yet tho only provision as to publication is in these words : " And on the two days next before the election, and on the day of election there shall be published under the hand of the Mayor a list of the names and residences of all citizens so nominated, specifying the names and residences of their proposers respectively." How to be pub- lished is not said ; and in so far as the citizens generally are concerned, except through news- paper paragraphs, they had known nothing till to-day ; and the notices that appear in our ad- vertising columns might have been legally made known by being posted up on the Town Hall door. Wo have known in rural municipalities of publication having been made by posting notices on poles by the road side, and torn off nearly as soon as posted up. The provisions of the Rural Municipalities Acts are equally vague and easily evaded. On the nomination of can- didates having been lodged, the statute makes the following almost incomprehensible proviso : " And during the seven days next before the election, and as soon and often as conveniently on the day of election, there shall be published in the municipality, under the hand of the Return- ing Officer, a list of tho names and residences of all municipal electors so nominated, -specifying the names and residences of their proposers re- spectively." How is this to bo complied with ? Perhaps some day, if the Legislature is not moved to interfere, a suit in the Supreme Court may tell us. __^____^____ Is man really a progressive animal 1 Are we, in truth, as optimists so often tell us, advancing gradually towards a state of perfection 1 Do education and civilisation actually tend to divest men's minds of prejudice and superstition ? We should be happy to believe that these questions can be answered in the affirmative ; but in all seriousness, loqking abroad in the world and carefully noticing passing events, we cannot help thinking that in all essential points man ÍB very much the same kind of being now as he was in the days bofore the Christian era-as prone to super- stition, as unwilling to exercise his reasoning powers, as ready to follow any enthusiast who claims to commune directly with tne ALMIGHTY. In all ages the same story, with hardly any varia- tion, has been constantly repeated, as students oft history will not need to be told. And, strangost fact of all, delusions of all kinds, and religiouB delusions especially, rage most violently and retain their strongest hold amongst the hard headed people of England, Germany, and America. Referring only to modern times, wo find that Swedonborgians, Irvingites, followers of JOANNA SOUTHCOTE, and many other strange sects, were in their day-no very distant day, either-r-counted by thousands ; and in this year.of grace, in this age of general enlightenment, do we notseelegionsof Mormons.Shakers, OneidaCreek communists, and similar bodies, all mainly re- cruited from the countries mentioned? Amongst Roman Catholic and Mahomedan nations these aberrations of the intellect are next to impossible ; allegiance to the Head of the Church, and fidelity to the teachings of the Koran, not only preventing the people from following strange teachers, but directing the energies of the enthusiasts themselves into channels conducive to the welfare of the national religion. In these matters, the world does not profit from long experience. Human nature seen» incapable of being improved upon. (What it was in the beginning it is now, and ever will be. The latest addition to this particular branch of the history of error and superstition, and one of the most' remarkable that has occurred during late years, reaches us from the colony of Victoria, where it was brought to light by a correspondent of the Melbourne Argus, Some ten or twelve days since an up-country Victorian journal published what it termed an "extraordinary story" relating to a community of Germans who were living in a half-starved condition on the Major Plains. The circumstances related were so remarkable, and created so much surprise, that a correspon- dent of the Argus was sent to the spot in order to satisfy the public craving for more information on the subject. The result of the correspondent's enquiries was the revelation of a series of events which, though certainly not unparalleled, are among the strangest in the annals of religious idiotcy. t In the two camps occupied by these poor German immigrants there are about fifty persons ; and this is how, according to the correspondent of the Argus, they came to leave their homes and settle in Australia : " It appears that they all come from some small villages, near Hainau, in Silesia. They profess the Lutheran religion, but a few yean ago a young woman, named Maria Heller, was seized with epileptic fits, and pretended to receive divine inspiration during these attacks. The ignorant villagers began to believe in her, especially as one or two of her statements, or what she termed prophecies, relative to local matters came true. At lost she prophesied the Franco Prussian war, and when that took place their belief in her was boundless. In 1874, in ono of her fits she announced that the Lord had told her that in a very short time a frightful war would break out, and de- vastate not only Germany but the whole of Europe, and that Australia would be the only safe place in the world. She therefore called upon them to follow her to that place, and promised that after remaining there ten years she would bring them back to Jerusalem, which would be their second resting-place, after which they would return again to Germany and find peace and plenty after all their wanderings. They believed her story, and at once commenced preparations for their long and weary journey. AU their little savings were put into one common fund, and, carrying with them their household effects, they left Silesia, num- bering C4 souls, and made their way to their land of promise," On arriving at Melbourne last April four of the party seceded, reducing the number of MARIA HELLER'S followers to sixty. Their stock of money amounted to £210, and hearing that two of their fellow countrymen wero settled near Benalla, they proceeded thither, took up some nine hundred acres of land, and formed them- selves into two encampments, both being under the stringent rule of the epileptic prophetess. Time went on, all their money was spent, their very drays and horses were sold to provide them- selves with the necessaries of life, nine of their number died from diseases brought about by insufficient food, two or three othors revolted from the tyrany and folly of their prophet leader, and the remainder of tho little community gradually found themselves in a state bordering upon starvation, Still, through all their vicissitudes the bulk of the immigrants retained an unshaken faith in MARIA HELLKR, and a firm belief that they had come out to Australia at the ALMIGHTY'S command. Infor- mation as to the condition of these poor people at last reached the ears of the authorities, and it was during the official visit of a Police Inspec- tor that the facts related by the Argus corres- pondent were brought to light. The portrait of the prophetess, supplied by the correspondent, is not a very flattering one. MARIA HELLER, we read, " is a woman about five feet in height, and looks about 40 years of age, although only ' owning to 33. She is far from prepossessing in j appearance. In fact, she is the most ill-favoured of the whole community. She has a low retreating forehead, shaded by heavy masses of coarse black hair. She has overhanging black eyebrows, and generally a suspicious uneasy appearance. Her nose is broad and flat, her Ups thick and sensual. She has a massive lower jaw." As throwing further light upon her charac- ter, we quote a portion of the statement of one of the men examined by the Inspector. When the immigrants arrived at the settlement, according to this man's account, MARIA " said that she had received a message in her sleep that MESSINOBROD, one of their number, was to marry her. In consequence of that they lived together as man and wife. Since they had been on the Hill-plains that man had died, and she had then chosen another man named SCHULTZ. He was now living with her. She controlled the whole of thom, and they had to do whatever she told them. He did believe a little in hor at first, but ho had become tired of her nonsense, and with his wife had left the community." But the majority of the immi- grants still retain their faith in the woman, which was thus expressed by one of the witnesses : " She is not actually sick, but wlion she is in a trance she has conversations with heavenly spirits. I believe that is as true as that there is a GOD in heaven. I am convinced tho ghost (spirit) of our SAVIOUR converses with her in the same manner as is mentioned in tho Bible. The spirit of GOD speaks through her mouth when she is in one of thoso fits." Like other prophets, MARIA appears to have a firm belief in her own inspiration, or something very much like it. Whenever disease invaded the little community, she would never allow a doctor to be called in, but trusted entirely to the effjoaoy of her own prayers. As a matter of course-, after such a mode of treatment, most of the patients died. Before leaving Hainan, sho had prophesied to hor deluded followers that when they arrived in Australia they would find "houses ready built for them, and the land under cultivation." (The immigrants were sur- prised, we read, at finding things so different, " but still they did not look upon her as a false prophetess, as she explained to thom that some of their number were sceptical, and this was a trial of their faith," which they implicitly be- lieved, and which afforwards turned out to be a melancholy fact. As to the actual condition of this strango community, tho inspection by tho authorities showed that, although not quito so near starvation point as the first account might lead one to believe, yet that they were steeped to the Ups in poverty. In the hut first visited by the party, it is reported that " one of the women was cutting up small cabbage and lettuce plants, and this, they stated, was to form their meal for the day." Even the prophetess's own table was little bettor supplied. " A glance at her table," writes the correspondent, who came upon MARIA and her subjects at dinner, " showed that | all they had was some bread, or damper, swimming about in a plato of greasy water, dig- nified by the name of soup." No wonder that, as Dr. NICHOLSON, the medical officer, reported, they were suffering from land scurvy, brought on by improper and insufficient food. In short, the police authorities saw enough, during the inspection, to warrant thom in sending a large supply of provisions to enable the community to tide over the next harvest. Such is, in brief, the story of the latest instanco of human gulli- bility in this form that has been brought to light ; and it seems to us to be another instanoe of the truth of CARLYLE'« diotum, that men are '' mostly fools." I INSUFFICIENTLY STAMPED. - Thomas Adamson, jun., Esq., U.S. ConiulGeneral, Melbourne. THE ENGLISH MAIL.-It seems that in yester- day saying that we were not aware what vessel wonld this time bring on the English mail to Aus- tralia we bad, in examining our telegrams and ex- changes for information, overlooked our own advertising columns that tell that the Sumatra it the vessel. From her character for speed we may expect an early receipt of our mails. EAST COAST TELEGRAPH LINE.-Strong efforts nru being made to complete this line as early as possible. The instruments have this week been fitted up at Sorell, and telegrams can now be Bent between that place and Hobart Town. Mr. Pea- cock has the management of the Sorell Station. GAZETTE EXTRAORDINARY.- A Gazette Extra ordinary published yesterday, contains the Austral- asian statistics for 1874, recently issued by Mr. H. H. Hayter, Government statist of Victoria, and whioh have already been noticed in our columns. "THE CHRISTIAN WITNESS."- This week's Witness oontains rather more original matter than usual. The leading article -is on the education question generally, und the powers of the Council of Education more particularly. "E.C.N." con- tinues his paper on Secular Education, and there is a sermon by the Rev. R. S. Duff, on " No condemn- ation," besides some correspondence. A leaderette as to the Rev. Mr. Stone's case is, to say the least of it, in very bad taste, and baa been written with- out the necessary inquiry having been made to ascertain the facts. The pamphlet referred to is admitted to be an ex ¡Mile one, and the Preabytery made responsible for the act of Government. The desire expressed to be the means of removing hindrances to union among members of the same church will hardly be attained by such inconsiderate remarks as those to whioh we refer, and a very different construction may be placed on the mode adopted of expressing that desire. The present number of the Christian Witness is, on the whole, an able one. MISSION SERVICES.-At St. David's, last night, the cathedral was again crowded to excess, and by the time the sermon was begun it waa next to impossible to gain admission. The "missioner," Rev. T. R. Curwen Campbell, preached with his accustomed earnestness and ability from St. Luke, o. vii., v. 14, " Young man, I say unto thee, arise." At the early morning service, which begins at seven o'clock, there was yesterday a congregation number- ing close upon three hundred. Services wore also held at Trinity Church. The service at St. George's Churoh was largely attended, the building being crowded to excess. The lessons were read by the Rev. G. B. Smith, the incumbent of the church. The Rev. H. B. Macartney preached, taking his text from Romans c. vii., and v. 4. The discourse was listened to with apparently deep interest by the congregation. An announcement was made that a special service would be held on Saturday afternoon for the benefit of children. CHAMBER OP COMMERCE.-A general meeting of members will be held at their rooms, Town Hall, at half-past two o'clock this afternoon, for the purpose of nominating a member to be appointed by His Excellency, as a warden of the Hobart Town Marine Board. Ata meeting of the Chamber yesterday a ballot was taken for a retiring member. The lot fell upon Mr. Justice McC. Browne, who, according to the provisions of the Act, will be ineligible for re-election for twelve monthB. Mr. Charles Dowdell and J. E. Risby are the candidates seeking election. SUPREME COURT.-The Supreme Court sat yester- day in its Small Debts Jurisdiction, Mr. Justice Dobson being the presiding judge. A number of undefended cases were disposed of. There were only two defended oases for hearing, Hums v. Frappdl, and Cane and Anr. v. Smith. The latter case, reported in another column, will be of interest to owners and intending purchasers of house property. Mr. William Henry Smith, a juryman, who did not answer to his name when called, was fined £1. Later in the day, Mr, Crisp, on behalf of Mr. Smith, applied that the fine be remitted on the ground that that gentleman, having become an officer of the municipality, was exempted from serving on juries. His Honor said he knew of no such exemption, and that Mr. Smith must put forward his plea when the notice WSB served upon him. NEIGHBOURS'FEUDS.-The time of the Bench at the Police Court, yesterday, was occupied for more than two hours in investigating a charge laid by Elizabeth Seton against Ellen Jonkins, for using abusivo language calculated to provoke a breach of the peace. Mrs. Seton is the wife of the landlord of the White Conduit Hotel, at the corner of Briabauo and Murray streets, and it does not appear as if she or her hus- band lived on good terms with their neighbours, the mare especially as some of them got up a petition which they presented at the late licensing meeting, requesting the Bench not to grant the Setons a renewal of their licence. On the 28th ult., the Sun- day before the licensing meeting, several of the neighbours whom Mrs. Seton suspected of having got up the petition were apparently on the outlook for some tangible evidence of Sunday trading at Seton's hotel, when a man named Holding was seen coming out of the public-house with a jug in his hand. Mrs. Jenkins went up to Holding and looked into his jug, upon which he struck her slightly over the head, which, effort caused him to upset the jug and contents. Mrs. Seton now came upon the scene, breathing fire, or rather bad language, which, if the evidence for the defence was to be believed, showed that instead of the offender being the defendant, the plaintiff was the party most to blame. Mrs. Seton seemed to be under the impression that her indignation would be the means of drawing off notice from the commis- sion of the offence of Sunday trading, but the fact of the trading was most incontestiblv proved by the evidence in yesterday's case. In dismissing the information, the Police Magistrate remarked that Mrs, Seton was too muoh of a veteran in such squabbles that if struck on one cheek she would turn the other to the sunter. But will the case end here ? In the Licensing Court, the Superintendent knew of nothing calling for interference. There was yesterday perjury on one side or the other, and a charge at least of Sunday trading. BENEVOLENT SOCIETY.-The usual weekly meet- ing of the Executive Committee of the Benevolent Society was held yesterday afternoon at the depot. Present : Dr. Hall (in tho chair), Messrs. T. J. Crouch, Dowdell, and Withrington. The registrar reported that relief had been given during the week iu 33 cases (representing 108 individuals) of 28 full and 5 half rations. The returns from the charitable institutions showed that 11 paupers had been dis- charged from the Brickfields, 7 from tho Cascades, and 3 from the New Tonn Institution. Five new applications for reliof wera considered, three of which were granted and two not entertained. MOUNTAIN RILL TEMPLE, I.O.G.T.-The anni vorsary toa meeting of this lodgo of juvenile Good Templars took place last evening at the Union Chapel Schoolroom, Bathurst-street. The tea, to which about a hundred porsous sat down, was pro- vided by Mr. C. D. Haywood. After tea a public meeting was held, Bro. S. B. Mather, president of the Temple, occupying the ohair. From tlie chair- man's spoecli it appeared that the lodge, though not quite io strong numerically as last year, holds in every other respect a fair position, The meeting was also addressed by Bro. Ellis, general president of the juvenile temples, and one or two other members of the cause ; but the staple of the evening's entertainment consisted of songs, readings, and recitations. Mrs. Cleary presided at the piano- forte. The room was more than half filled, and most of the adults present were parents or relatives of the members of the lodge. THE CIRCUS.-The pavilion was again crowded last evening, and the performance was well re- ceived. TIIIB evening Mr. King, the agent, who styles himself " The Prince of Amusements," is to take a benefit, when a moat attractive programme is to be presented, the beneficiare himself appearing as Dick Turpin, in the representation of that famed outlaw's ride to York. As this is tho first benefit Mr. King has had in Tasmania, though he has been here in the capacity of agent on two previous occasions, and as tbe stay of the company is limited, a good house may be expected. ST. JOHN'S PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.-An enter- tainment was given in St. John's Sohool-room, Macquarie-street, last evening. The attendance was good. The programme consisted of vocal and instrumental music and readings, the former including several duetts and trios, the reudoring of which called forth the applauso of the audience. The readings were especially interesting and amus- ing. Some solos were given by lady and gentleman amateurs of known ability. The ovening throughout was a very enjoyable one. REHEARSAL.-The rehearsal of the Messiah at the Town Hall last evening was numerously attonded, and there was a considerable improvement in the style in which the various choruses were sung, though much practice is yet required before anything like perfection is attained. PROMENADE CONCERT.-It is announced by ad- vertisement that Messrs. Russell, Dentith, and Fowler will give the aeonnd concert of the sories at the Town Hall, next Monday evening. ACCIDENT AT A TANNERY.-A lad named Thomas Foster, in the employment of Messrs. Cook and Sons, tanners, yesterday afternoon fell off a ladder at the tannery, and in falling his head struck against a beam, causing a wound of about two inches in length. He proceeded to the General Hospital where the wound was dressed, and he afterwards left. LECTURE.- The Rev. Julian Woods will re deliver his lecture on " Adventures in Australia," at the Mechanics' Institute, Franklin, at 7 o'clock, on Monday evening, the 13th inst. ST. PETER'S CHURCH, OATLANDS,-An eight days' mission services will be held at St. Peter's Church, Oatlands, commencing on Sunday «ext, the 12th inst. 