CANTATA. EXILE. WITH CHORUS. THE stars that watch our slumbers never knew thee, Erin, nor cheered the cradle of our birth ; And to long-fasting eyes, that fain would view thee, Stands as a wall the solid globe of earth. Still dream we out the dull relentless story ; Zone after zone of the unchanging sea ; Across the sun's diurnal path of glory On ! on ! until we wake, but not on thee ! What we could save of thee, that bore we hither, The exile's only wealth, the one dear thought, The one dear name, that shall be last to wither, To wither when all memories are nought. But now 'tis as the sea's returning waters Filling the shores and inlets of the soul ; For through the world shall Erin's sons and daughters This day their great Deliverer extol. But come Ierne, minstrel of our choice ! We know thy father was our Champion's friend : .Now let thy harp and voice Each strive for mastery, each with the other blend ! IRENE. RECITATIVE. It was an aged seer who sought to gain A silent deathbed upon Tara' sod ; And, ere he yielded up his soul to God, Thus did he utter his prophetic strain : AIR. If Erin, thy birthright were other than queenly, If dull were thy mind, as ignoble thy woes, No power had Fortune to rack thee so keenly By mocking and mamng what Nature bestows. Thy brow was for mirth, but the rents of thy mourning, Reveal all the furrows thy shame would disguise, And tears ever hang on the friuges adorning Those orbs that should mirror the depths of the skies. O dowered with gifts as the darling of Heaven, Made rich but to spoil, and made fair to betray ! But the hour is appointed, the Champion is given ; The dark spell that binds thee shall vanish away ! The sound of one voice all thy thousands shall rally ; No threat shall they utter, no sword shall they draw : March, march, to your triumph ! while Peace in her valley Reposes serene in the shelter of Law. CHORUS. Hail, mighty Orator ! Hail, wise Defender ! Wiping foul attainder from our ancient creed ! Song cannot tell of thee, Art cannot render Ought whereof the splendour matches with thy deed! Free as the thunderbolt scathing the offeuder, Spurning at surrender till thy race were freed; Dire in debate, aud yet as woman tender, Counsellor, befriender of the sons of Need. AN EXILE. RECITATIVE. Hear how, with temperate and dauntless word, He scouted faction and denounced the sword :— AIR. His heart is not of Freedom's hue, His hand is not to Fredom true, Who wears the stealthy dagger at his side. Half-hearted patriots ! by you The despot and his crew Are made more strong and well-nigh justified. Oh ! help not those who batten on your harms By idle muttering and candestine arms ! Seek not with curses to affray, For Power affrighted is a beast of prey ; And shame will pierce, where menaces rebound Hardening the breast they cannot wound. The calm keen eye fixed on the offender's face (Rather as offering than asking grace), Surer than any dart Can shoot remorse for unrequited wrong So deep into the heart, That startled Conscience weeps for having slept so long. Out on the sword ! out on the sword ! It goads the injustice which it cannot smite. Be Reason's sovereign word The only weapon of your countless throngs ! Swell loud the diapason of our right ! For justice pealing from ten thousand tongues Is as a trumpet of the Lord of Hosts ; The strongholds of the proud, without a thrust, Fall flat before it, while the dust Mounts from the crumbled towers like their departing ghosts. CHORUS. Hail, mighty Orator! hail, wise Defender! &c.;, &c.; A PRIEST. He spake and conquered, and he speaketh still ! Out on the sword ! out on the sword ! O Erin ! hear thy Liberator's word, And let his warning through thy bosom thrill ! Oh sit not gazing o'er the Atlantic main On those who mart thy miseries for gain ; Trust not the feigning pity that distils Evenenomed balm upon thy rankling ills, And urges on the maddened host to close In deadly strife with brothers turned to foes. Look not to Gallia with her drooping crest, No help hath Gallia in her sad unrest. Yet keep the sword ! yet keep the sword! It is a treasure to be stored Against the day that comes upon the world. When from the barbarouus north is hurled The thunderbolt of brutal conquerers ; When that fell demon whom thy soul abhors, Who stamps the heel of military rule : On Church and Senate, Guild and School, And clanks defiance in the House of Prayer, (Art thou not there, 0 Lord ? art thou not there ?) Would level into one Imperial waste Whatever Time has built or Virtue graced, Then, brethren all ! ye brethren all ! The guardians of Freedom's chosen land ; For your united islands stand, Locked in the fierce resolve to conquer or to fall ! CHORUS. Ye brethren all ! ye brethren all ! The guardians of Freedom's chosen land ? For your united islands stand, Locked in the fierce resolve to conquer or to fall ! 