NEW CONVENT AT KENSINGTON. On Sunday, the 5th inst., the foundation stone was laid of a Convent at Kensington for the Sisters of St. Joseph. This order of nuns, which is essentially South Australian, having been instituted ten years ago by the Rev. J. E. T. Woods for missionary purposes, has now received a charter from Rome, and the building about to be erected will be considered the mother-house. The ramifications of the Order extend throughout this colony and in several other Australian dioceses. When we state that the Sisters have in their charge, besides day schools for children throughout the colony, the Roman Catholic orphans numbering over 100, the Providence (or the institution for thedestitute aBd_ aged poor), also a Home, where unhappy victims of "the sin of cities" may find rest and a prospect of reformation, we have only partially indicated their extended sphere. The R,C. Bishop, attended by the Revs. Tappeiner and Peters, the Jesuit Fathers of the Norwood Mission, and by the Revs. M. Keogh and McCIoskey, arrived shortly after 3 o'clock, and being vested with the rochet, alb, and white cope, and wearing his mitre, proceeded to the site situated in the grounds known as the late Mr. Main's. After the chanting of the 83rd Psalm the stone was blessed according to the Roman ritual. The Litany of the Saints and 126th Psalm were chanted, and the Bishop laid the stone, using the words:—"In the faith of Jesus Christ we set this first stone in this founda tion in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy GhoBt, that true faith may flourish here, and the fear of God and brotherly love, and that this place may be devoted to prayer and to the invocation and praise of the name of the same Jesus Christ onr Lord, wtit with the Father and the Holy Ghost loveth and raigneth God world without eud." The 50th Psalm was sung, and the procession moved round the whole site of the foundations, chanting the prescribed psalms and anthems. TTia Lordship then addressed an impressive discourse to the assembled crowd, who listened patiently despite the threatening weather. He stated that as in the name of the Lord Jesus he had laid the first stone of the Convent school that pointed clearly to what the Church thought education should be; commenced in God's name and in God's name it eught to be carried out, and would be, despite any efforts to the contrary. The weather, which now more than threatened, compelled His Lordship to shorten his discourse; but in answer' to his appeal, and despite the inclemency of the day, which kept many at home, over £65 was deposited on the stone. The building will be a very plain structure in its design, economy and accommodation having been the principal objects in view. It is to be built of Glen Osmond stone, with brick dressings, and will be three storeys high. The first, which is partly underground, will be used as a refectory; size, 63 ft. x 31 ft. by 10 ft. high. The ground floor will contain a community-room, 36 ft. x 31 ft. x 15 ft. 3 in. high, which will also be used as a schoolroom, and will be divided from the oratory by a movable wood partition. The size of the oratory will be 27 ft. x 31 ft. by a height of 28 ft. 6 in., and attached to it will be the sanctuaiy, 17 ft. square by a height of 26 ft. The third floor will be used as a dormitory, and is to be 43 ft. x 31 ft. by a height of 12 ft. This building will form one wing of the intended structure, and a small portion of the centre is being erected. This will include a spacious staircase, and contain storerooms, bathroom, &c.;, and will be 14ft. x 31 ft. x 26 ft. high. The roof will be covered with Willunga slate, and the entire cost of the premises completed will be somewhat under £2,000. The architect is Mr. McMullen, and the contractor Mr. J. McEnhilL 