PAPAL EXCOMMUNICATION AGAINST LORD ACTON AND OTHER ROMAN CATHOLICS. We are in the face of very strange events. The Vatican, through Cardinal Antonelli, has "refurbished" one of her "rusty weapons." Unable to meet the facts related by Lord Acton, Lord Camoys, Sir George Bowyer, and other members of the Roman Church, the Pope has cut the Gordian knot by excommunicating the noble lords and others with one stroke of the pen. The notice of this Brutum ftdmen was read at high mass and at the evening service ol the Romish Churches and chapels on Sunday last. The document contains the ratification and confirmation of the obligatory nature of the Decrees of the Yatican Council passed on the 18th of July, not merely for this or that portion of the "Holy See," but "for the whole Catho lic world." This portion bears the signature of Cardinal Antonelli. The remainder of this remarkable document is from the pen of Dr. Manning, and the whole notice is intended tp act as a check on further declarations of Rbman Catholics on the question of the personal in fallibility of the Pope and the dogma of the Immaculate Conception. Dr. Manning, in the very plainest language, asserts that " Who soever does not in his heart receive and believe" these said doctrines, "does by that very fact cease to be a Catholic." Such persons are pro nounced guilty of " sacrilege," have : suffered shipwreck of their faith, and "have fallen away from the Catholic Church." This is a curious quarrel as it stands. On the one side are arranged some of the most attached ad herents of the Church of Rome, who have ventured to express an opinion adverse to the . , full acceptance of the Papal infallibility. On the other we have the most advanced and un mitigated supporters of the Vatican Decrees in- all their superhuman and necessarily arbitrary , requirements. The former are known as the .Old Catholic party, who 'Have, .always lield modified views on these quest'oris ; and the latter, as the new school of Ultramontane despotism, neither can or will allow, the slight est deviation from the so-called: "Apostolic, Coristitution" published' ori tlie 28th, of August, 1870\. : -Thus' there are; two fa ;tiesj distinctly severed from- each other by an impassable gulf. - Lord Actou, and the Rorioan iCatholics who endorse his, .opinions, appeal, to , the. historic traditions of the past teaching of tlie RoriVan Pontiffs. They take their stand upon this ground ; and from it they - cannot be dislodged except by . " a policy , of. violence:" . The terrible nature . of 'this excommunication, can only.be fully understood when we remember how, completely a Papal excommunication isolates its victims from every source' of religious cousolatiori which the Roman Church ;professes ,tO; admiuister. They cannot go to .Confession, .nor receive the. Holy Communion, or any of tile'! rite's of the Church ; and if they should liappriri to die yvhile under this ban of terrorism, they are denied all claims to Christian burial. . ,Iri!a word, .they- cease to be regarded by the Pope as members of the "Catholic Church," and are cut off as a rotten branch from the parent tree. Mr. Glad stone is more than vindicated by this extreme measure on the part of Romish ecclesiastics. Driven to desperation, they are deprived, of all, sober judgment. In trying to (steer the barque of St. Peter through the present hurricane, the captain and some of the crew have resolved to throw overboard a portion of the best passengers; as the only means of weathering the gale. The spectacle presented by such confusion on board St. Peter's barque cannot tend to eriforce upon' the beholders the oft-repeated bbast of the unity of the Church. In fact, .the , moment' any Roman Catholic dares to exercise; " his , moral . and mental freedom," he is 110 longer within the pale of Mother Church. The very 'first uprising of the slightest attempt- to think for' oneself :ou the questions supposed to' be settled by, the Vatican is for that, individual the. beginning of "ihorfcal sin." The mere effort of thought in that direction condemns the' person who tries to think." If this, is not to place divine religion at the foot of - human- despotism we do not know wliat despotism means. It is well at this crisis that Euglishmeu should be enlightened as to the real pretensions' of the Uitramontaue party. No greater slavery was ever- iriverited by the raulice or jporversity of - man than this unquestioning obedience which the Pope demands in right ;of, .his! assumed prerogative as " the mouthpiece, of the Holy Ghost." ' No wonder that St. John, among .other eha; acteristics of the Mystic Babylon;- slionld ha\ e specially noticed that she . was full of the names of blasphemy." Ware only at the beginning of the coming struggle. It remains to be seen what course the excommunicated Romanists will adopt. They are Englishmen, high-minded, and true to their own convictions ; and they cannot now withdraw what thoy have doubtlessly written with deliberate premeditation. Since the eventful period of the Port Royal persecution against the Jansenists, there lias been no heavier blow dealt against Papal pretensions than that which Dr. Manning and Cardinal Antonelli have inflicted. By the excommunication; of Roman Catholics who, like Lord Acton and others, " openly refuse to believe " the doctrines pro mulgated by the Oecumenical Council of the Vatican, the Church has given herself a mortal wound. We shall be much surprised if there will not be a powerful reaction against the arrogant assumptions of the Papal judgment and decrees in regard to this monstrous and formidable figment of the Pope's personal infalli bility. 