Friday, August 6, 1875. We admit that Sir James Martin received some provocation from Sir Hercules Ro binson anent the Gardiner affair, but we think it would have been more seemly had the Chief Justice, on observing the use which Mr. Parkes had made in the Assembly of the Governor's confidential despatch to the Secretary of State for the Colonies,"asked his Excellency for an ex planation. Had this been done, a cor respondence would no doubt have ensued, and subsequently, if deemed necessary, either gentleman could have had the let ters published, or it is quite possible that both would have agreed to that course. As the matter stands, we have the repre sentative of her Majesty and the Chief Justice of the Colony at direct variance. This is a very unpleasant and unseemly thing, and we are afraid that some dis agreeable consequences are not unlikely yet to come from it. Our readers have seen Sir James Mar tin's first letter. The correspondence which followed was too lengthy for us to publish conveniently, but we do not think the omission is a very serious one. His Excellency, on observing the letter in the 4 Herald' from the Chief J nstice, wrote to Sir James Martin upon the sub ject, objecting to the discourtesy lie had shown towards him and the unusual course he had pursued. During the cor respondence Sir Hercules Robinson gave a lengthy minnte of his recollections of the substance of the conversation between Sir Jas. Martin and himself as to the re lease of Gardiner, and also as to how it arose. The Chief Justice denied the accuracy of some of the statments, and the correspondence became unusually per sonal as between gentlemen of such high official positions—Sir James indignantly objecting to Sir Hercules's assumption that he was the superior officer of the Chief Justice. And, in the end, his Excellency sent the correspondence to the 4 Herald' for publication. The chief difference in the first instance between the Governor and the Chief Jus tice seems to be this:—That, although the final conclusions of Sir James Martin as to the release of Gardiner were not incor rectly given by his Excellency, he had omitted to inform Lord Carnarvon as to the difficulty he had in inducing the Chief Justice to concur with his views. Then it has to be considered that his Excel lency, in sending a despatch marked con fidential, does not seem to have thought Lord Carnarvon would publish it. In fact, as in Gardiner's case soon after it had come before the colony, his Excel lency appears to have been lather too candid, and to have dug a pitfall for himself. Had the despatch been treated by Lord Carnarvon as strictly confidential •—as we imagine Bhould have been the case ■—the unhappy difference between his Ex cellency and the Chief Jastice could not have arisen. Moreover, it is evident that Sir James Martin's indignation was aug mented by the use which Mr. Parkes made of a portion of the despatch in the Assembly, when we think he went out of his way in virtually boasting that the Chief Justice had strongly approved of the action of the Governor in liberating Gardiner. This was rather mischievous conduct, in our opinion, after Mr. Parkes's declaration, long before, that he gave no advice to his Excellency as to Gardiner's release, and that privately liis opinion was unfavourable to it so soon. We think it is Qtiitp right that the Secretary of State for the Colonies should be candidly and thoroughly informed of the views of the various Governors on important public topics, but when they are of such a seri ous cast as the Gardiner matter was—in volving as it did the downfall of the strongest Ministry that has yet existed here under Responsible Government, and causing fierce discussion throughout the colony—the question of publishing con fidential- despatches should be handled with extreme delicacy, otherwise Go vernors might—aB Sir Hercules Robin son has been in the present instance—be placed in a very unpleasant position. We can scarcely think it possible that his Ex cellency will be disposed to be so ex tremely candid in future with the Secre tary of State for the Colonies on any very delicate political or social subject resem bling the Gardiner matter, even if his des patch be marked confidential. In conclusion, we must not omit to ob serve that one of the most vigorous at tacks which Sir Jas. Martin makes upon his Excellency is as to the admission that he had, soon after its occurrence, com municated to a third party the result of the confidential conversation wliieh he had with Sir James. And, besides, he denies the liberty taken by liis Excel lency in mentioning the matter, even confidentially, to Lord. Carnarvon. In our opinion, we think that Sir James has in the first case some ground for com plaint, but scarcely so in the second ;— in the latter, his Excellency's duty was to have no reservation, and he could hardly be expected to apprehend publi cation of a confidential despatch, espe cially when the circumstances surround ing the very delicate and important topic on which he had written were duly con sidered. I Mr. Garrett, in our opinion, deserves I sympathy for the manner in which he has been " worried" during the past fortnight or three weeks. Mr. Parkes—whatever may be his real motive—has - shown ldm self, we think, remarkably credulous for a man of his ability and public experience. His charges seemed to rise in succession each as massive as another Goliath, but to be as easily disposed of as the famous giant was annihilated by a simple pebble from a sling. As soon as one is down, an other conies on—so that a member of the Assembly might exclaim, with Macbeth as to the ghosts of Banquo— " Bat yet the eighth appears, which bears a glass That shows me many more !" It is all very well for some people to say that where there is smoke there must be fire ; but if such a doctrine were al ways accepted without a grain of salt it would only be sufficient for a clever poli tician to overwhelm an enemy by attempt ing to burn what would not burn, and smothering his opponent with the smoke he produced. The adage " Throw plenty of dirt—some of it is sure to stick," seems to us more applicable to certain of the ex traordinary proceedings of late in Parlia ment. It is not through any feeling of parti sanship that we sympathise with Mr. Garrett as to the way in which he has been tormented. Were he guilty of what Mr. Parkes has insinuated, of course he would have to leave the Ministry, and probably his colleagues would share his downfall for defending or countenancing him ; but, so far as the charges have been investigated, it would seem the" en gineer has been hoisted with his own pe tard." Take the following ones, for in stance. Mr. Garrett, it is insinuated, received money from Mr. Scrimes for ob taining him a Government situation. A statutory declaration is prepared to prove this. But Mr. Scrimes refuses to sub scribe it, and denies, by a letter, that he ever gave Mr. Garrett a bribe. Next, Mr. Parkes gives Mr. Walter H. Cooper as his informant that a Mr. Rickards told him Mr. Garrett had corruptly obtained £50 from him. Thereupon Mr. Rickards indignantly denies that he ever said any thing of the kind. And Mr. Cooper re pudiates haviug told Mr. Parkes any such thing, explaining that ho informed Mr. P. that he was indignant because he (Mr. Cooper) believed he had been accused of corruption as a member of Parliament. Well, take a third instance. It was in sinuated that a Mr. Liardet was to give Mr. Garrett a certain sum if he succeeded in obtaining for him a Government office then vacant. This seemed to be a pecu liarly dangerous thrust, Mr. Liardet be ing now in England, and if there was a flaw in Mr. Garrett's armour the weapon might have been expected to "spit" him. But Mr. G. just did the thing he ought. He telegraphed to London, and obtained a reply from Mr. Liardet that the accusa tion was false. We are not surprised that, when Mr. Garrett read these telegrams in the Assembly, the information was re ceived with cries of " hear, hear." Of Mr. White (under committal) and of Mr. Dransfield we deem it unnecessary to speak further than to remark that the one, it appears, has to be tried ; while the. other, in a letter to the 'Herald,' askstlie public to suspend its judgment until he can be heard, of ^riuch he says he has not yet had a safe opportunity afforded. We were pleased—as no doubt many other persons were—when Mr. Sutherland made the manly and straightforward state ment he did respecting Mr. Garrett, Mr. Parkes, and others. So far as he at least was concerned-, he showed that Mr. Gar rett had. er.red in accusing-him of conspir ing again|jj him: Nor does there appear to us to have been a conspiracy between Mr. Parkes and Mr. Piddington on the matter. Whatever blame there may be fairly laid at anyone's door as to indiscre tion, we think Mr. Parkes deserves it. But, of course, when a man is harassed as Mr. Garrett was, he is seldom nice in his language, especially when speaking under privilege ; and therefore Mr. G. might claim at the moment an allowance which at a calmer time would certainly be refused him. We regret, however, that Mr. Robert son, especially from his position as Pre mier, interfered so hotly in the affray. It would have become his place much better had he acted with some dignity, instead of being really more violent than Mr. Garrett was. And this has been the more strongly noticed as, with the excep tion of Mr. Wm. Forster, the other col leagues of Mr. Garrett seemed to do nothing but vote, as the successive op portunities for division cropped up. As to Mr. Parkes's complaint against the Ministerialists for shutting the mouth of Mr. Dransfield when he was called to the bar of the House as a witness, we think it was unfairly made. The Speaker invited discussion as to the point whether Mr. Dransfield would be privileged in giving evidence as to the alleged bribe offered on the vote of compensation to Mr. Twaddell, and it was only after the matter had been debated that the Speaker expressed what he believed to be clearly the opinion of the bulk of the members— that in giving evidence Mr. Dransfield could not be privileged. But, even if the Assembly had far greater powers than it appears to possess, we do not think that the reception of evidence under questions from members in a high state of excite ment would deal satisfactorily with the intrinsic merits of a serious charge against a man not only a member of the House, but likewise a Minister of the Crown. We hope that the rejection of Mr. Pid dington's resolutions aB to immigration may be found to be really not a polite method of shelving the great question for an indefinite period. Although #ny one could scarcely fail to see, soon after the debate had commenced, that there was a strong feeling in the Assembly against the " Board" portion of the pro posal, and that probably Mr. Pidding ton's resolutions would not be adopted, nevertheless the discussion has done good. The urgent necessity for free im migration has been shown, and not a few colonists have felt obliged, under the circumstances, to abandon their old posi-. tion that to assist immigration was going far enough ; and to become converts to the proposal of free immigration. As sisted immigration is but as a Blender rivulet to a parched laud, and, as to at tracting small capitalists to a young country by a lain! System specially made to suit tbem, they are not likely to hurry to a country where already labour cannot be obtained for a host of public and private improvements the furtherance of which is anxiously desired. Mr. Robertson, as is well known, still holds his opinion against free immigra tion ; but the Premier is not, necessarily, the Ministry—and, even should he re main obstinate on this point,' he cannot depend upon a constant tenure of office. We trust, now the matter has, been thrust upon the shoulders of the Ministiy, Mr. Robertson and his colleagues will so far defer to a very general demand for free immigration, especially from the interior, that on the re- assembling of Parliament they will be prepared to submit a judici ous plan of immigration for the considera tion of the representatives of the country. "Boards" alarm some politicians when ever the word is mentioned, and we are inclined to think that a scheme of immi gration with direct Ministerial responsi bility would receive the support of decided majority of both Houses of Par liament. In the mean time, Mr. Pid dington deserves the thanks of those colonists who are anxious' to improve the country speedily, for his having called attention to a highly important < topic, and thereby elicited th# expres sion of views from influential members which will be some guide in attempting legislation on the subject during the next session. ,v; t It will be seen, by the report of proceed ings in the Council, that the Gold Duty. Abolition Bill has been thrown out. We regret very deeply that the Council has taken this course. Everyone is aware of the immense value to the colony gener ally of productive gold fields. More over, it is well known that but few of the miners are benefited in the long run by pursuing one" of the most precarious and uncertain industries that any person can betake himself to. The truth is that the squatters, the farmers, the trading classes, and mechanics, profit in the end in an infinitely greater degree by the working of payable gold fields than the miners themselves do. We do not perceive that the gold miners are troublesome subjects, or need much extra expense beyond any other class of the community. However, what little extra there may be required is, in our opinion, sufficiently met;, by the license fees, including as they do what may be considered rent for the ground. Are gold miners any more expense to the Government than tin, copper, or coal miners ? The quantity of ground they occupy is small in comparison with the value of what they extract from it. But the fact is it has been, .all along,jthe fa-1 shion to oppress ih&gold- iQjncrs; with ex ceptional'taxation and, although the elected representatives of the people are becoming more liberal on these matters, and are willing to lighten the miners' burdens, a House responsible to nobody^ takes pride in keeping the screw on men ; who have been the proximate means of enriching not a few members of that very House. Are we not offering rewards for the discoveiy of new gold fields i Are we not all lamentiug the dulness of the old ones ? What consistency is there in doing this, and at the same time sub jecting one form of mining to a class tax from which all other kinds of mining are free ? What should we think of a Go vernment that would propose an export duty on tin, or copper, or coal ? Yet an ex port or Mint duty on gold is just as ab surd, and as subversive of the principles i of political economy, as a special tax on' tin, copper, or coal would be. j I 