NARRIDY RACES. These races took place near the Gums, and about three miles south-west of Narridy town ship, on Easter Monday, as telegraphed. The weather was fine but rather warm, and there was a good attendance, including a fair sprinkling of ladies. The usual appendages in the way of sports were absent, not even the ghost of an Aunt gaily appearing. Host Btacey had a booth, in which he seemed to do a thriving trade, and there was also a Btall where tea, coffee, cakes, &c;, could be procured; also a few carts with fruit, which were were well patronised. Of the racing, the least said the better, and were it not that a report is expected as a matter of course the whole might be sum med up by saying it was a disappointment. In several of the races only two horses ran, and those owned by the same person, so that to expect racing was out of the question. In the Hurdles, which were made of rotten pine rails fixed on forked mallees 3 feet 6 high, not one of the jumps were cleared, the noises first baulking or running wide, and ultimately running through them, leaving a convenient gap for the next round. The Trotting Match did not come off, owing to the paucity of entrances. MAIDENS. Ten pounds. One mile and a half. Mr. M. Carter's Buzz, aged, 9 st 4 lbs. ... 1 Mr. O'Shaughnessey's Quicksilver, 3 yrs., 7 st. 8 lbs 2 Mr. G. Neagle's Atlanta, 2 yrs., 4 st 11 lbs. All passed, the post the first time together, immediately after which Atlanta ran inside; Buzz took the lead and won easily by two lengths. KABBTDT HANDICAP. Twenty guineas, with a Bweep of £3 to second horse; distance 2 miles. Mr. O'ShaughnesBey's Quicksilver. ... ... 1 Mr. O'Shaugnessey's Freedom. ' Mr. Bickman's Fisherman. One of the three being drawn left the other two to decide the event, which was done by quietly galloping the required distance, which was done in something under 20 minutes. Quicksilver was said to be the winner. HTJBDLB BACE. Stakes £10; distance two milea. Three horses were entered, but only two staited, and after a good deal of baulking and swerving they broke through the jump and got round. Ah both horses belonged to the same owner it is hardly worth while saying which won. T DISTRICT PLATE. Ten pound stakes. Mr. Carter's Buzz 1 Mr. O'Shaughnessey's Freedom 2 Mr. Joe's Cowra. This was on a par with the other racing. They managed to run nearly once round in a false start, after which they got away together; but the race was a gift to Buzz. The Hacks came next— one mile heats, stakes £5; seven entries. Both first and second heats were won by Mr. McMahon's Cowra, but a protest for running inside a post was entered, when it was decided to let the two second horses — O'Shaughnessey's Fisherman and Carter's Leonidas— run for the stakes. This resulted in a dead heat, and was run off and won by Fisherman. Althocgh it was nearly dark, a Hurryskurry was arranged, and eight horses entered, the stakes goin? to Mr. Saint's pony. Host Stacey had a cold spread at the Narridy Hotel, but nothing in tbe way of a formal gathering took place. Later in the evening a quiet party met in the new Catholic Chapel, and dancing was kept up till the "we sma hours ayout the twail." Apart from the racing the meeting was an enjoyable one, and everything passed off plea santly. The spot was also an agreeable one, surrounded on three sides by scrub. No doubt the Jamestown Races, with the superior attrac tions in the way of stakes, drew all the good horses in the neighbourhood, and this account for the meagre and miserable meet at Narridy. 