THE EVENING SERVICE. At vespers the bishop preached from the following text, taken from the Acts of the Apostles c "Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and lo I am with you always, even unto the end of the world." In dealing with the subject of the sermon his lordship dwelt particularly on the state of the church militant as it existed at present. He declared that the power of the Divinity had come direct from China to St Peter, who had founded Home and made her the seat of the apostolic religion. That religion claimed as its first rule obedience to the Pontiff, on whom the authority of the saint had been thrown, and it claimed also that the representatives he had appointed should be recognised as his vice gerents on earth. As a matter of fact, he stood before them as the successor of St. Peter, as the supreme head of a flock which had but one creed, one head, and one baptism. That creed, he was proud to say, had been founded by Christ, had existed through terrible persecutions, and through persistent persecutions, until that day. Still, it was a creed which had been handed down to them through all time, and had for its head the great founder of the Christian religion Christ Himself. But he was proud to say the church had recently shown that it was beyond the power of any earthly monarch or potentate to crush it. It had shown itself still supreme and potential. Its voice was still heard throughout Europe, and would be heard in the days which were to come. It had had arrayed against it a great Emperor and a still greater Prince, but for all that, it was the mistress of the world. Not one thing had occurred yet, in his belief, to wrest from the hands of the Pontiff the power he possessed, or to fear that anything would occur to interfere with the religion which, as a body, they possessed, 01 with the growth of those honest convictions he was amongst them to promul- gate. He came to them as one appointed by the natural successor of Christ He came to them alone pastor, and he would do his duty to them honestly, and asked those who were present to regard him as a father amongst them, to whom they might come with their tO'ief and their care, as they would go in the privacy of their own chambers, to their God, of whom, through their Lord Jesus Christ, he was representative, appointed by the successor of St. Peter, his Holiness the Pope of Home The ceremonies were concluded in the ordinary manner 