o.'CM rrv«»r.r* "j? is'li9\%'t);1 Z--XV' rd&sm; tpktbfi ww attrwtodUielArgeet crowd that has ever been Been even at Epsom, As usual, there was but one rade before the great event of the day, and The Ghost having added that to his previous victory, a general move was made tothepaddock, where 17 oat of the 18 competitors were being pat to rights, the absentee being Galopin, who was saddled at the Warren, and met his opponents .on their way to the post. The opposition to the Two Thousand conqueror increased as the time approached for the straggle to commence, andho went back to 9toil, Balfe having a slight call of him. The letter's Uvtx was. a very large one, and he was . probably more admired than any other* Camballo looked lighter than he did at New market, hut his coat was blight and healthy looking, and he moved abput. as jauntily as ever. His Btable companion, the Repentance bolt, did not fill the' eye as a Derby horsey and1 looked -somewhat mean by the side of Garteriy Bell, who has grown into a fine three year old. daremont was the most taking-looking horse of the lot, and appeared to be in splendid condition, which we could not i say for his confrkre Telescope, who looked untrained and weary. Bay of Naples wasthe popular idol for the half-hour before the flag fell, and with more time he will furnish into a grand horse. Woodlands did not like ; be was ont of place in a Derby field. Seymour and Breechloader represented Bedford-lodge, hut their chanoes were looked upon as forlorn. Temple Bar is a somewhat moderate specimen of the English thorough bred. Fareham, Lord Bemers, and Earl laton would have been better at their training quarters; and the French pair, I Punch and Gilbert, were quite as mach oat of their element, and I was sorry to see Fordham have such a mount as he had on the latter. In consequence of the patronage awarded by Royalty, the horses were paraded in front of thestands before cantering, when they proceeded through the paddock to the poet for the 95th renewal of ' . THE DEBBV SHAKES, Of St govs, each, h. ft, for three year olds; oolts, 8st 101b.; fillies, 8et 61b.; tbeeecoiui received 800 so vs., and the third ISO cove. out of the stakes. About i mile and a half. 109 subs. Prinfce Battbyany'sbc Galopin, by Vedette—Flying Duchess, Srt. 101b/(pes green)(Harris) .. .. ] ILord Aylecford'e be Oliremont, by Blair Athol— Coimbr*, 8st. 101b. (yellow, violetsleeves, yellow thorii Falmouth's b c by Maquoni—BepenUace, * 8st 101b. (blade, white sleeves, red cap) (F. tLord FalmVuth's'b c Garteriy' Bell, by Blair Athol —Silverfaair, fist. 101b. (white, black sleeves, red cap) <H. Jeffery) .. .7 .. .. .. a ffrince Soltykoffs br c Balfe, by Plaudit—Bohemia, 101b. (pink, Mack cap) (T. Canuon) V. S.Oartwrigtat'B bctiu Bay of Espies, by Macaroni—Felrwater, Bst 101b. (scarieCbSack tSSSSSSs br c Breechloader,' by Uacaronl —BeecbjHaul, fist, 101b. (dark green, blackcap) tl^r. Vyner^ b c GambaUo, by Oembuscm—UtUe tody, 8st 101b. (nuLuve, cerise) (J. Osborne) tLorfl Ayleeford's br c Telescope, by Speculum— Kanembrance, 8st 101b. (yellow and violet quar tered, violet and yellow cap) (Glover) .. {Mr. H. Savile'e b c Bad of Dartrey, by The Earl— Bigolboche, 89U 101b. (yellow, scarlet cap) (W. -Piatt) ...... }Mr. J. Watson's b c EariSton, by The Earl—Edith of lone, 8at. 101b. (maroon, yellow cap) (Con Mr. F. £ Brace's br e Parehain, by 'tfutbournell Lady Alice, get. 101b. (green ana white hoops, white cap) (T. Oebome) tOount F. de Lagrange's b c Gilbert, by Lord dif dew—ToxopboUte mate, fiat. 101b. (blue, rod Sleeree and cap) (Fordham).. „ (Oount F. de Lagrange's b o ranch, by Pompier— Mdlle. de Charolato, 8et 101b. (blue, red belt and Sleeves, and blue cap) ((Juror) .. .. {Mr. C. Bush's ch c Lord Bemers, by Lord Clifden— Butte^ jSst lOlb. (geranium red, black belt) tlS^Ckw's «•'« Seymour*"by Lord CUfden— Fabiola, 8sU lWb. (orange, purple Sleeves and cap) (C. Wood) {Lord AUeebary*s chc Temple Bar, by Trumpeter— Boundary, Sstt 101 h. (red, yellow sueres and cap) (Cbaloner) „ „ _ „ ^ Mr. F. SwindelMf tb c Woodlands, by Hothouse— Whitefiace, apt 101b. (brown, orange cap) (J. ! ^hoseynarked i 'are in'the »L Leger. . " ° Betting at the Start.—2 to 1 agst Galopin, 100 to 12 —' " — - - at Be Beycf _ agst Temple Ktol_eaA^t^sj®M»u^aa,:i of ^Dartee^.and . SO to I agst Telescope,88 to X agst Fareham, 66 to 1 each apt Lord Beraen and Gilbert, 100 to l each agst Garteriy Bell, Bu-lston, and ranch. At the fourth attempt they got off, the whole phalanx fanning in a line stretched across to Sherwood's Cottage, when Fare ham was toe firstto show in advance, closely attended by Telescope, toe Bedford-lodge pair, Claremont, Bay of Naples, with the favourite next; the othere all together to toe top of the bill, whore Camballo end the Frenchmen were pretty neatly done with, anil Galopin for a short time joined their company in the tear; but Us they Approached Tottenham comer he left them again, and Woodlands took his place at (Seymour's quarters, who was leading them downthe hill, with Fareham at. his girths, at a merry pace, When fairly in toe line for home, Galopin, wide on the right, drew to the front, and from tout moment the race was at his mercy, for he came on full of running,: and won with great ease by a length from ; Claremont, who was cdx lengths infrontof toe Repentance colt; GarterlyBellwas fourth, n neck- behind his eta Me companion;1 Temple Bar was fifth, Seymour sLxtb,Ponch seventh, Bay pf Naples eighth, Balfe ninth, and the othere finished toafamggUng octet i more than * dosen lengths away. ,.i i ^ Gqlopin, who was not aeeii by 1 'IS % w wt^goqdj^^hlsl ^lretdydoneAo:: »... ■ The victory of the Hungarian Frinoe wasft moetpopular one. (undated 35 yeare, and unli very re^ttyusedtoget M>' hnd ride bta own: 'hewtolf'-tki many Re ij£olV ^Friar; -,R(llimd Chasme, and ^"L * iOsttjof his Way; while the <he CPt nnU ransto aide him wif, imuatoment haa«»ne«I ? miS hwssdayvmsefi ddll and drearyasmost •T di^wareiwd®her * * " * IB; last mmta tc ijwfliftit ftitiUMi frftynjlri fdoypj o?!vrc-ra Ate 1 hwtoA i owctihg. away the^ris, oi m CVrnknoy saturnalla; the radng, ho was pretty fair, and must have J joicedthe hearts of the bookmaker, as the llret jfcrar xaoes went to outsiders. ■ ' Tlie Oaks<day was a glorious one for the tamers and dressmakers, for the intermit tent showers that felt duringthe day freshened an t ie parched pastures, and spoiled many a splei tdiasilk; fortheladiee—Godbleesthem— won d brave the storm, and would patronise thfeii favourite bill on th^r own especial day. The race itself, however, was sadly shorn of interest. Some of the best fillies engaged had been disqualified by the deaths of their owners, others hid failed to stand the severe training, and when the bell rang for the 97th Oaks Stakes only seven numbers were putup. •THE OAKS STAKES, 01 BO SOW. each, h. ft. lor three-year-old fillies, Sal. 101b, each; the seoond reoelved 800, and the third IBObotA out of the stakes. About a mile and a half, starting at the New Hiffh Level Starting Poet. 128 subs. , Lord Falmouth's b 1 Spins way, by Macaroni— Oueen Bertha (black, white eleevee, red cap) (F. Archer) .. ' .. » Lord iFalmocUi's ch f Ladylove, by Blair Athol— Vergta meinMicht (white, black sleeves, red cap) (Oatastable) .. .. Mr. J. B. AstleyTg b t Sister to Musket, by Toxophf 11 te — Musket's dam (drab, blue cap) (I. Chalomer) .. ... .... — .. Count F. de Lagrange's b ( LaSauteuse, by Man at Arms—First lady (blue, red sleeves and cap) Fordbam) .. .. _ Mr. W. 8. Cart Wright's eh 1 by 8aunteror—Fair minster (scarlet, black cap) (Custance) .. .. Mr. H. OhapLin'e bl I HazeUean, by Cathedral— Nutbuah (rose) (Morris) - Mr. Maodonald's ch 1 Merry Maid, by Camerino— Merry May (yellow, black sleeves and cap) (J. Osborne).. .. , - 0 Betting at the Start.—5 to 4 agst Splnaway, 2 to 1 sgst Ladylove, 8 tol agst La Sauteuse, 10 to 1 agst Hacelddan, 20 to 1 agst Merry Maid, 20 to 1 agst Fairminster filly, 25 to 1 agst Bister to Musket. Lord Falmouth made no declaration which 1 he should win with, but Archer having his choice selected Spinaway, and she naturally : became first favourite. Sister to Musket made the running for the greater part of the way to rite distance, when Archer brought up Spinaway, and, followed by her stable companion, noon passed the leader, and won, very eaBily by three lengths; and Musket's sister,"a length from the second, beat La Santense by a head for the third money. Hesper bad considerable difficulty in bearing Lady Mastyn by a rieok fof the Epsom Two yeanold Plate, the favourite, Jufius Caesar, running very badly; Tangible credited Sir George Chetwynde with the Glasgow Plate; Farnsfield gained another bracket in the Durdans Stakes; Modena started favourite for the rich Epsom Cup, with £500 added, and got home in front of a baker's dozen, Genuine jpving her most trouble, only a neck off, aB they ran by Mr. Clarke's box, Fraulein being third; -and the curtain on Epsom, 1875, fell when Levant had won the Acom Stakes. ■ ■ _ My racing news has beenroimppri^tfhat i nave ucue room xor any oraer oy una nuui: by tbenert I hope to be able to send afnll description of a new game, Introduced from India Dy the 5th Royal Irish Lanoen$ called tent-pegging, and which was playedatHar Hnghanilast Saturday before the Prince and PahbeB8 of Wafts and half the aristocracy of the British isles. • My obituary is, fortunately, a short one, but I regret that it contains the name of T. Ashjnall, who has for the last few jfus been (staining in Prance, hot was formerly fl very much sought-for jockey in this connby. He had; ridden second in the Derby and St. Leger, was onGovernees in hot -dead heat for the Oaks, and won the Two Thousand twice, and many other valuable races. The death of Mr. John Sergeant is also an nonnced; he had retired trom (he turf for some yean, hot will be remembered by many who were racing in his day as a member of the ring and owner of horaes. . - 