THE Chief Secretary's speech at jSTorLh Adelaide on Monday night, may be characterised as " flat, stale, and unprofitable," and if it was not delieiously vague, as was said by the Advertiser of his printed address, it was at all events deliriously vapid. Considered merely with reference to the immediate purpose for which it was spoken it was not unsuccessful, but as a manifesto of the Government it was miserab'y meagre and unsatisfactory. E location, railways, public works, the Real Property Act, Intercolonial Free Trade—upon these subjects he talked an "infinite deal of nothing," but of the land question and other important topics he said not one word. Referring to education he gave a wearisome disquisition upon it containing nothing new or interesting. " He had seen the advantage to the people of America by their system of education "men who have failed in this colony in every position of life have been con idered sufficiently competent to act as the educators of our youth " the emoluments which the s hoolmaster gets are in many cases far inferior to what is earned 1-y the working men of the colony :" all this and a great deal more that the Chief Secretary said on the same subject have been repeated be- fore ad nauseam ; they are the stock phrases of stump orators and windy candidates to whom they areas "familiar in their mouths as household words." On the question of railways it was naturally expected that the Chief Secretary 0 would give some information as to whether the Government ! intended extending the present lines ! or forming new ones, and if so I in what direction, but respecting these matters we are as much iu the dark as we were before. Mr. Blytli commenced his address by saying that he wished to speak plainly, but instead of being plain he was insufferably prosy. He prosed away for a long time a bout past times, when the colony had no railways, and about what the colony might nosv have been had no raihvavs existed, but he was particularly careful to avoid the plainness of saying what the Govern, ment intended doing 111 the future respecting railway extension. His plain speaking on this question consisted in saying that there was a commission now sitting upon the best way of extending our railways, and it was impossible for him to say which railway is the first to he undertaken. He knows very well that one of the principal questions before the public is the formation of a line >f railway northward from Port \ugusta. Would it not therefore have been more in accord- j j ! ance with his profession of plainness and outspokenness if he had given j the views of Government on this j ooint? " There is" said he a line north 1 if Port Augusta which has been related ]y advocated, nd which 110 doubt j j j would tend very vapidly to the adv-.iiiceuent of South Australia in its mineral 1 1 nterest." There needs no ghost come l Vom the grave to tell us this ; what we vant to know is—will the Government miction such a line? On the subject of he Murray Railway liue the instruction of which would advance lie interests of a few Adelaide •apitalists at the expense of the connry at large, he was more explicit, by ironouncing it to be one of the most •ssential works that can engage the atention of the new Parliament- It is o be hoped that the new Parliament vill be of a different opinion, and that hey will have the good sense and lonestv to oppose the repetition of such in attempt as was made by the last ?arliament to wrong the many for the •enefitofafew. On the subject of imiui- : ration it need hardly be said that the Jhief Secretary advocated the introducion of immigrants by thousands, and related the parrot cry of the capitalist iiat public works are delayed for the vant of labor. In all agricultural •ountries there is necessarily a demand Vu- extra labor at harvest time, and luring the present harvest there have ieen no doubt a few farmers who have ound a difficulty in procuring hands, iut, notwithstanding this exceptional lemand for man power, we very much question if any of the contractors for ,»ublic works have suffered inconvenience from a scarcity of men, and we are quite sure that as soon as harvest work is over there will lie a superbundance of labor in the colony. Respec ing payment of members Mr. Blyth's statements are the same as those of his kind—the moneyed class who have hitherto ruled the colony to the exclusion of the working men. lie had not the bad taste to assert, as our late member did at the recent meeting at Auburn—that there was a possibility of the country some day having a corrupt Government who liaviug a billet of £300 a year perhaps to dispose of could hold it. out to one whose vote they might wish to secure" but. he said he objected to payment of members because he did not like voting money in his own pocket, a statement which was greeted with ironical laughter, and which of course may be taken cum (jrano salis. After all, however, we are probably attaching too much importance to the utterances of the Chief Secretary. His term of office may be fast drawing to a clos . It is not at all unlikely that the new Parliament, like a certain new king of Egypt, will " know not Joseph." THE Rainfall up to nine o'clock last evening amounted to 0 520 of an inch. MASONIC.—Steps are about to be taken to ascertain whether a Masonic Lodge may not be established in Wallaroo. FATAL ACCIDENT.— On Tuesday evening at Aldinga, Mr. Martin, contractor for the Bennett's Hill works fell from his horse, and was killed on the spot. PENINSULA WATER SUPPLY.— We are informed that a Commision appointed by the Government will arrive by the Government steamer to-day with the object of investigating the question of a water supply for the district. SAD ACCIDENT.— A little boy in Port Ade- laide, named Mitchell, was playing last week with his brothers when one of them threw an arrow which entered the child's eye, and pletely destroyed it. WOOROORA.— At an electoral meeting at Auburn on Saturday, addressed by Messrs Blight, Pearce and Duncan. Propositions in favor of each of the candidates were ca; - ried, the feeling of t ie meeting, however, apparently being in favor of Messrs. Pearce and Duncan. THE CENTRAL HEALTH BOARD.-The * members of the Central Health Board are expected per steamer for the purpose of visiting the mining townships. and ascertaining by personal inspection the sanitary requirements of the district. REPRESENTATION' OF PORT ADELAIDE.— On Monday, a requisition wi;li about, two hundre 1 names attached was presented to Mr. W. Quin. asking him to allow himself to be nominated as a candidate for t he representation of the district in the next Parliament. Mr. Quin said he would take time to consider the matter and give his reply through the press. THE HOME MARKETS.—The latest London telegram is as follows :—The price of wheat, has fallen, owing to large foreign imports. The price is now 2s. a quarter lower. The copper ma ket is heavy and unsettled, with receding quotations. Chili is quoted at £83; Wallaroo and Peak Downs at £93 nominal. The tin market pre -ents a quiet appearance. Straits is quoied at £94, and Australian at £H2 to £<»3. SUNSTROKE.— A little fellow about five years of age, son of Constable Harris of Moonta Mines was allowed to leave school for a few minutes on Wednesday without his hat and the consequence was that he received an attack of sunstroke from the effect af which he has not yet recovered. Parents should be careful in seeing that their little ones do not go bareheaded out of doors during the hot weather. SAILORS" HOME — The Sailors' Home, Port Adelaide, was formally opened 011 Saturday last by His Excellency the Governor. The foundation stone of the building was laid in February, !S(i9, by the Duke of Edinburgh. The receipts 111 aid of the structure have been in land £(J00: Government aid, £2591) 4s. 2d.; private donation. £50111 Us- Id.; total. £8 218 Us. 3d.; and ttie payments, say land £G00; for roadway, embanking, &c..; £301 7s. Id.; expenses connected with the building, £7557 10s. yd. ; and sundries. £90 iK 2d. PAYMENT OF MEMBERS.—Mr. Pearce. in his speec-h at Auburn the other evening, said that he believed if members were paid their necessary expenses, and that tin; days of sitting were limited to SO or 100 days, there were many men amongst them who would be. able to go down to the city and represent their dis.Tict as honestly and ably as was the case under existing circumstances. He should support payment of members, but be thought a candidate should deposit £50. which should be forfeited ii he did not poil at least, 50 votes. SUDDEN DEATH— An elderly woman, a widow named Mary Bridges, who resided at East Moonta, died suddenly on Wednesdav afternoon. Mr. G. F. Wyatt. J. P., made an enquiry into the circumstances of the case, and learnt from her medical attendant. Dr. Archer, that death was the result of apoplexy induced by the excessive heat.A formal inquest was therefore deemed unnecessary. The deceased, we are informed, was a remarkably stout woman, and for two or three days prior to her death was unable to take any nourishment. THE WEATHER during the week has been terribly hot and disagreeable. A hot wind blew on Tuesday, sending the thermometer up to 100° in the shade. The northerly blast continued throughout the night, and on the following day it increased to a gale, which was scorchmgly hot. and accompanied by blinding clouds of gravel and dust. Yester- day with a southerly breeze and a cloudy sky the temperature was somewhat less oppressive than on the two previous days. In the evening a thunderstorm from the northward broke over the Moonta district, accompanied we are happy to say by a heavy downpour of rain. Most of the surface tanks in the township were filled, and a large quantity of water was also caught from the roofs. LANDS ON YORKE'S PENINSULA.— At the Auburn meeting on Saturday last, Mr. Bright stated that the area of land to be offered for selection during the next six months was 250.000 acres, at £1 an acre in localities adjoining present sold lands on Yorkes Peninsula, the north, south, and north-east of where lands were specially applied for in isolated blocks. The whole area of each new hundred would be surveyed in blocks of from 100 to 640 acres, the better lands being selected when offered, and the inferior remaining for commonage until sold. LOCAL LARRIKINISM — On Wednesday evening a young woman was proceeding in the direction of Cross Roads on her way homeward from the township, when she was surrounded hy half a dozen cowardly young louts who barred her progress. One of them attempting to lay hands on her she pluckily attacked him with her parasol which she broke in pieces over his head and then fled towards the township with the intention of giving information to the police but seeing that they had gone away she returned home. The same evening her father informed sergeant Bentley of the occurance. and the sergeant who is determined to put down larrikinisin in this district is about to take proceedings against the lot of them. WALLAROO PUBLIC SCHOOL.— A meeting of the Committee was held in the Wallaroo Institute on Monday eveninr, Mr. J. Hay in the chair. His Worship the Mayor— Mr. T. Davies— briefly related what had already been done towards raising £500 as a sum to be supplemented by Government with £1000 for the purpose of erecting public schools in Wallaroo, and stated that the following subscriptions had been raised: — Ratepayers £110; Mr. G. D. Young. £100: Captain Hughes. £100; Wallaroo Smelting Company, £100 ; Railway Company. £25 , other subscriptions, £30; total, £465. No difficulty, it is believed, will be experienced in raising the remaining £35. Mr. Davies was deservedly complimented for his successful exertions in Adelaide on behalf of the business, and a vote of thanks was accorded him. The following gentlemen were appointed a committee to obtain plans and offers of a suitable site for the erection of a schoolhouse:—Messrs. Hay, Beaton, T. Ward, Coltman, Marshall, and Davies. FATAL FIGHT.— The Adelaide papers report that on Monday an inquest was held upon the body of a laborer named Edward McMahon, who was killed in a tight with a man named James Reilly. It appeared from the statement of James Patten that the quarrel between Reilly and the deceased commenced between 11 and 12 that morning in his paddock in the Hilton District. Deceased and Reilly were measuring stones. Some words arose between them. Deceased said to Reilly— You are troubling yourself too much." Reilly replied—" You're a liar."' After a few more angiy words,deceased got up and said—I am the man for you."' Heilly also got up. and they fonght. Did not know wiio struck the fir^t blow ; they seemed to strike out together. The blows seemed to be harmless. Tried to part them. It was a fair fight. They did not figli: more than two or three minutes, when deceased fell down from a blow on the lefi, side of the head. Then caught hold of Reilly. who \v::s quiet. Did not hear deceased speak afterwards. Went away to dim; r. and rem rued in about a'i hour and found him dead. The Jury returned the followin'.r verdict That the deceased. Edward McMahon, came to his death by a blow given by James Reilly in a fair stimd-up fight.'' The Coroner said this earaied with it a verdict of manslaughter. and he accordingly committed Reilly to take his trial at the next Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court. MORE GOLD ROBBERIES. — Extensive gold robberies from the Sovereign Mine, at. Ballarat, have been discovered, and two men have ijceu arrested. THE GOTHENBURG sailed on Saturday last for the Northern Territory, taking. ::in.r,]g her passengers. Mr. Justice Wearing. Mr L. J. Pel ham. Judges associate and clerk of arraigns—and Mr. Whitby who proceed to Port Darwin to hold a Circuit Court. EFFECTS OF IMAGINATION.—In the spring of last year a young married woman, residing in North Peckham, dreamt that she would .lie on the first anniversary of her wedding day. To her husbend and her re la ives slie mentioned her .strange dream on several occasions, and it seemed to prey upon her mind. At last the dreaded day (Mine—5th November and so impressed was siie that it would prove her last, upon earth thut she actually made a present, to her friends of a sum of money wherewith to purchase mou n- iag. Strange to say. before midnight arrived the poor woman was a corpse. Ii may be mentioned that she became the mother of a child, which is living and well, eleven days previously. IMPORTANT DECISION.—An important ""eclsion, affect nig sixty thousand met -ngaged at, the Durham collieries, has b en giveg by the right bon. Russell Guryev, the Recorde of London. The award is that the wages of the Durham miners be reduced to an amount equal to 30 per cent, above the standard of 1871. The reduction asked for by the coal owners was 20 per cent.: but the award g ves bnt a I ttle over '.) percent, upon p esent. wages, and about 13 per cent, reduction on the standard of 1S71. The wages of the miners had advanced up to May last 1O 5S\ percent. I5y the present award, added to the reduction which formerly took plane, the men have lost 28^ per cent., if the basis of wages in 1S71 lie taken. The coalowners had ully anticipate'! a larger reduction. The arbitrators who submitted the case to Mr. Gurney, umpire, were Mr. George Leeman, M.P.. and Mr. David Gale, for the coalowners; and Mr. Burt. M.P., and Mr. Lloyd .Jones', for the men. S'NGULAR ACCIDENT.—On Friday morning. 20th ultimo, an accident, which resulted fatally on the afternoon of the fol'owing day befel a young man named William Williams. who resided with his parents on the One Mile, near Grenfell. It appears that, the voting man was sitbict to fits, and on the "..lorning in question, when alone in the house (his father having previously gone out about the don:) he was suddenly seized with a fit and fell across the fire on to a sharp pointed ho .k, on which a keltic of b >iling water was hanging, ami remained there face downwards over a blazing fire, fo some considerable time. The father hearing the fall, and suspecting something was wong returned to the hoe.se at once, but owing to the hook having penetrated the fleshy part of the breast, there was some (ielay in gettinghim of the fire. Everything that medical skill could do was done to save his life, but with out avai . as dea li terminated his suffering on the evening of the following day.—Bu v - rangong Chronicle." .JOSH BILLINGS ON COURTING.— Courting, is a luxury, it issallad. it is ice water, it, is a beveridge, it is the pla spell ov the soul. The man who has never courted has lived in vain; he haz bin a blind man aiming l.mskanes and waterskapes; he haz bin a deff man in the land of hand orgins and by the side ov murmuring cantos. Courting is like, two little springs ov soft water ti.at steal out from under a rock at, the fut ov a mountain and run down the hill side by side, singing and dansing. and span ring each otlie.-, eddyihg and frothing, and k skading. now hiding under bank, now fullov sun and now full ov shadder.till bimeby th.-i jine aud then tha go slow. lam in faver ov long courting: ii gives the parties a chance to find out cacli uilier's trump kards. if iz good exercise, and is jist as innersent as 2 merino lambs, Coiv/tiug iz like strawberries anb cream, wants few be did slow then yu git. the driver. As a ginrt'l thing I wouldn't brag on utner gals mutch w en i was courting, it mite look as tlin yo knu tew mutch . If you will court 3 years in this wa, awl the time on the square, if yu don't sa it iz a let,tie the shkost time in your life, jut lean git measrre for at •}hat at my exdense and pay for it. Don't court fop munny, nor buty, nor relashuns, these things are jist about, az onsartin az the kerosene ile refiaing bissness, liable tew gut out ov repair and bust at emny minnit. Court a girl for fun, for the luv yu bear her, for the vartue and bissness thare is in; court, her for a wife and for a mother; court her as yu wild court afarm—for the strength of the sile anb the parfeckshun ov the title: court her as tho she warnt, a fule, and yu anutlier; court her as in the kitchen, in the parlor.overl he wash-tub, and at the planner: court this wa, young man, anp if yu don' get a good wife and she. dont' get a good husband, the fait, won't be ill the courting. Young m n. yu kan rely on Josh Billing-, and if yu kant make these rules work just send for him, and he will sho yu how the thing is did. and it sliant kost yu a cent,. Josh Billings. ROCHEFORT has established an ojiice at Rome-for the publication of his •• l.anl^rne.N THE ROSARIO left New Zealand on the 4th instant for delivery to the South Australian Government. A MYSTERIOUS basket, addressed to the stationmaster at Clapham Junction, on being opened, was found to contain a living child. The stationmaster dec!in ng the gift, a porter volunteered to accept it. and took the basket and child On lifting the child £800 was found in the ba'.ke . The story goes that the stationmaster then demanded the basket and its contents, which the porter very properly r fused to give up. One can hardly doubt to which of the two the mother would entrust her child. FOUND DEAD. -The Murray River correspondent of the Kapunda paper wrote on January 12:—\ North-West Bend bound.iry rider discovered the. body of a poor fellow, from 17 to 1!) years of age, lying on ilie Kapunda track on Sunday. The police, I learn, have been to the spot, and an enquiry has been held. The young man is not known at present, and is supposed to have been travelling through from towards Kapunda in the not weather of last week, .nd died from its effects and want of water. He appeared to have followed the -hade of a large scrub bush round from about 11 a.m. till late in the aft rnoon. and to have gnawed away the bark from the bottom of the bush in his agony. His waterbag was hanging up close, by. ile appeared to be about 5 ft. 5 in. high, with long light brown hair, light complexion, anil had a slight sprinkling of sandy hair around his month and on his chin. I mention this in case your readers may know any one answering the description, so that if they do they might write to the proper authorities. The police are making all enquiries. The poor fellow was < n the road, and actually in sight, of the river, which was about two miles distant. He wore moleskin trousers, drab felt hat. and light, boots." SAD AND FATAL ACCIDENT. Recently a, most melancholy accide I occurred on the Macquririe River by which Mr. John Bahill, a very old settler in the district, was killed. The deceased had been making preparations for shearing. His sheep had been washed, and as work was to be commenced on the following morning, he had a fire lighted with the intention of watching the Hock through the ni'_d]f. Late in the evening he took charge of the .sheep, sittingdown by the tire. n<-ar a tree, and nothing unusual was heard during the night, but next morning. the unfortunate man was found transfixed to the ground beneath a part of the tree, which had caught, fire and fallen across his body—probably while ho was asleep. A portion of the tree had pierced him almost through and through, and he must, have suffered excruciating agony. When he found help at hand, he managed to say "Lift the tree; off." These were the only words he uttered, as. when t,' e nee had been removed and he had been carried inside, he died.— Bat hurst Paper." A POISONOUS FLY.—The farmers in the vicinity of Chinaman's Creek have for some time past been puzzling their brains as to the cause of the mysterious disappearance of their horses and cattle. A close watch was kept over the stock night and day for some time, in order, if possible, to discover the delinquents and. if caught, hand them over to the police authorities. The cause was after soni time, ascertained to be, directly attributable to the a pearance in the neighbourhood of a n w species of fly. the sting of which is said to give the animals the, most excruciating pain, so that they are driven to quit the di tricf, so infested immediately. This fly. has made is appearance in several p.-irt.sof the country of late, and is, rio doubt similar to the African sting-fly. but fortunately. not, so poisnro'is. The sting of the African fly kills the animal, whilst that of the Yictorian fly only causes the animal "temporary insanity," so to speak. 