COUNTRY NEWS. Inspector Ryall still remains in a very precarious state. He is suffering from con gestion of the brain and lungs, and his medical attendants advise quiet and repose. On Wednesday, says the Guardian, the Malmsbury Borough Council received their first consignment of perch from the Accli matisation Society. The fish arrived in ex cellent order, and were safely deposited in the Malmsbury reservoir. A further con- signment is shortly expected. Mr. F. G. Hinsby is making another attempt to accli matise the perch in the Campaspe. Having obtained a number of these fish from the Melbourne Society, he has placed them in one of the large waterholes near Skelsmergh Hall. Several instances have recently been reported of bream having been caught near Kyneton. Persons who stroll in the vicinity of Scott's Parade, Ballarat east, between the hours of nine and eleven p.m., states the Star, complain of some man walking about the locality in a ghost- like manner. The individual in question is to be seen nightly, and he sometimes dresses in a white sheet. Owing to the stealthy and steady way in which he patrols the parade, people are frightened beyond measure. A Mrs. Dun stan, who had occasion to pass by that way the other night, received a great shock from being unexpectedly confronted by the mys terious stranger. She immediately beat a precipitate retreat, and on reaching a neigh bor's house, fainted. The Courier announces the death of an old and well-known habitue of the Corner, namely, Josiah H. Downing, who expired in the Ballarat Hospital after an illness of only three days. On Wednesday last he was admitted into the institution named, suffering from rheumatic fever, which ex tended itself to the brain, and death ensued. The deceased became a resident of Ballarat as early as 1854, and worked at the old Red- hill and in the Allied Armies for years. He was one of the first habitues of the Corner, and for a time was one of its leading spirits. He was also on the directory of several large mining companies— amongst others the Hand and Band. The Riverina Herald states that on Thurs day evening about dusk, a party of some three or four boys were returning through the park from bathing, when they were accosted by another party of grown up lads. One of the latter asked one of the former what the time was ; the boy, who had a watch, pulled it out of his pocket and re plied to him. Thereupon one of the big boys pulled out a revolver and "bailed up" the possessor of the watch. The latter taking to his heels, the youthful aspirant for bushranging, we are informed, actually fired on the retreating party. Whether the pistol was loaded, or the shot was only fired ' in a lark," our informant was not aware. Judging from its death rate, remarks the Kymhiti Mount Mcecden would appear to be the healthiest in the colony. During the three months ending 31st December, the number of deaths in the town, parish, and district of Woodend, comprising Newham, Spring field, Hesket, the Black Forest (now a settled district), and the surrounding neighborhood of Mount Macedon, containing a population, of between two and three thousand persons, was only four, and of these only one had failed to reach the allotted term of three score and ten, the respective ages of the four being 69, 76, 76, and 81, or an average of 75½ years each. The township of Wood- end did not contribute one of these. The parish of Woodend is a very large one, ex tending as it does from the source of the Campaspe, near Trentham, to Cartsruhe, and from the river at that place to the foot of Macedon at Newham. During the present year there have been only two deaths in this large district, " and these both of young children. The rain which fell at the close of last week, observes the Kyneton Guardian, was very beneficial to the late crops in the neigh- borhood of Tylden, which, but for the timely help then given, would have been very poor indeed. Cutting in this locality has been in progress during the week, and we are glad to learn that as a rule the wheat may be expected to yield above the average. In some instances, though these are the ex ceptions, there will be very good returns from oats. Rust is reported in the wheat, though not to any serious extent. Some of the crops in the forest are as usual very backward, and look as if they would require another ten days of the sun before they are fit for the reaper. The threshing about Redesdale is well nigh finished, and we are glad to learn that upon the whole the result is quite as satisfactory as was anticipated. Mr. Bardwell, of Ballarat, has just com- pleted another of his large and handsome cartoons, or pictures of celebrities, states the Courier, as an exhibit for the forthcoming Philadelphian Exhibition. The picture measures nine feet by four foot three inches, and contains over fifty colored portraits of the principal members of all the English and Italian opera troupes who have visited this colony. The portraits are of various sizes, from carte-vignettes to 15-inch by 12-inch plates, beautifully tinted, and reflecting as much credit upon the artist in colors as upon the photographer. Palmieri, Magi, Zenoni, Coy, Beaumont, Dondi, and other well-known and favorite artistes are por trayed in operatic and private costume, and the whole collection has been mounted with great taste, each portrait being surrounded by a border upon a gold ground. Previous to being forwarded to the Melbourne Inter- colonial Exhibition, the picture will be on view for a few days at Mr. Bardwell's studio. 