GYMPIE. The Editor op the ' Gympib Times' and ' The Other Side ' — Case Stated. (To the Editor of the Freeman's Journal.) Dear Sie, — It is with reluctance I feel bliged to ask you to publish the following correspondence, but my excuse is, my cause is that of truth, of which I know your widely-circulated journal is an able and firm advocate. Having noticed with pain that the local paper teemed continually with ex tracts containing the grossest calumnies ally appeared, calculated to . confirm those calumnies in the minds of the ignorant and prejudiced, as truths demonstrated, I deter mined to supply the facts when opportunity oarvAd. whidh I was permitted to publish for a time, but for a short time only. You may observe I attached the appropriate signature, 'The Other Side,' to my communications. Well, the editor in question wantonly commenced the attack I complain of by an ex-parte statement of the Gladstone Pamphlet Dis cussion which, he alleged, was raging in, Europe. I enclose the leader and also my published reply to it. You may if you fliiriV fif-, srive some extracts from both or either, but it is not necessary to my state ment, and the subject has been exhaustively ^ discussed in most places out ofGympie. I shall, however, feel obliged if you will insert the following passages of my letter, which suggest the points raised between the editor of the Times and myself:— Sir,—. . . . . I have your leader, or rather collection of extracts, before me, and I say it ia quite as illogical for you, Sir, to try to palm off the poet Dryden's Protestant ideas of Jesuitism on the world at large, as it would be for you to try to palm off Gladstone the pamphleteer s ideas on Dr. Manning and the English Catholics. I think even you would not attemptthe latter, Btill the parity of reasoning is identical. The Jesuits repudiate Dryden'a assumption of director-general of their society, and expounder of their constitutional laws, juab as-much as all Catholics repudiate Gladstone's insolent assump tion of not ex cathedra but ex libello infallible teacher of their Church, and supreme moderator of their Councils, for the vis consequentiae of his pamphlet implies so much. 1 regard thia pamphlet not as the ' cool and logical produc - tion of a temperate man, written more in sorrow than in anger,' as you assert, but the intemperate ravings and inconsequential deduc turns of a fire-brand. Now for the proof Gladstone builds his pamphlet on the basis that the late Vatican decrees changed the obligationa of Catholics towards the Civil Powers, but this assumed basis being false, in fact no basis at all, as proved by Dr. Manning, therefore the whole superstructure falls to the ground. I leave it to the public to pronounce on the ? comparison you instituted between Archbishop Manning and the infamous Brigham Young, and I shall be quite satisfied wifch the verdict. As tain popes were murderers and the rest, they are merely a few specimens of the long litany of oft-repeated but exploded calumnies winch apostates usually cite against that Church oE which they were unworthy. In the meantime I received the Freeman's Journal of the 30th ultimo containing an admirable review of the phamphlet, which ' I wished to have published here for obvious «?' reasons, I accordingly addressed the follow ing short note to the editor of the Gymme Times, in grave doubt as to whether he would publish it or not, which however he did :— Sir,— I have to complain of the too disingenu ous practice of some professional writers who periodically enter the list of religious polemics, open up the most intricate question by ex-parte statements and garbled quotations then close the correspondence before the case is stated, not to say adequately considered, on the specious plea that further discuRsion might tend to create religious animosity in the community. When I replied to your unprovoked leader, I did nob possess a copy of the famous pamphlet, and even I f actorily in one short letter. However, if you allow the discussion to proceed, I have in readiness a carefullywritten and exhaus tive review of the pamphlet; also, one on his (Gladstone's) Article on Ritualism, which article seems to have been the well-planned precursor of the pamphlet j and 1 ^ am prepared to treat formally, and in detail, the astounding calumnies ot ijora jonn ^uim. * think It unfair of you, Sir to assume, by infer ence, that the Protestant portion of your readers are unable, or unwilling, to discuss most impor tant questions on sound philosophical pnnoipleB, without feeling unreasonably 'aggrieved. Are they (the Protestants) not professedly in quest of truth ? and are they not . sincere in that pro fession? or do you mean to deny them that fair share of intelligence with which we naturally credit them-that is, to be able to bear to seek the truth in a proper manner, My experi I ence of them convinces me that they are not the Pinger -bread sort of people some writers try to make thorn appear to be, As to whether you will allow fche discu&sion; to proceed, a simple ves or no will be deemed a sufficient reply. J Yours, &c;, The Other. Side. [By all means lofe wa have the ?? carefully 4 JJ, III III II I written and exhaustive 'review,' for which we will endeavour to make room in our next issue. We trust that having conceded so much, any future discussion will be conducted m a tem perate manner.— Ed. G. T.] T then sent Mm the review, which he refused to publish, on the flimsy plea with which I will deal further on ; but m reality, because it turned out to be as I promised, ' a carefully-written and exhaustive' production, accompanied by a letter and a paragraph, both of which he denied the receipt of, as will be seen, though he actually returned them by a trustworthy witness. The follow ing paragraph contains the Editor's pretended reason for non-publication, his denial, &c.; :— When we consented to make a far too liberal concession to 'The Other Side,' we did so under the impression that a respected and dis tinguished member of the Roman Catholic body in Grympie had himself prepared, and desired to eive the public the benefit of, a critique on the now celebrated pamphlet of Mr. Gladstone. Whether we were warranted in so interpreting that oentleman's letter we leave our readers to ?judge. The writer says, 'when I replied to ? your unprovoked leader I did not possess a copy of the famous pamphlet, and even though I did, I could not have reviewed it satisfactorily in one short letter. However if you allow the dis cussion to proceed, I have in readiness a care fully-written and exhaustive review of the pamphlet.' Further on he says, 'and I am prepared to treat formally, and in detail, the astounding calumnies of Lord John Acton.' Now, what were we to infer from this, but what we did, that the gentleman in question had been at considerable trouble in. preparing this exhaus tive rev:ew. Acting under this impression, we promised it publication, aud, as we had made up our minds for a lengthy article, in order to give it room we were prepared for once to make a sacrifice of more interesting matter. Judge, howeve-. of our surprise when we found sent us a sheet cut from the Sydnsy Freeman's Journal --f 3Obh Jauuary containing a review of Mr. Gladstone's expostulation This review would take up at least fonr of our columns — a space greater than we originally devoted to the pamphlet, Dr. . Manning's reply, and other letters. ' The Other Side' favoured us with not one paragraph of original matter: This is altogether too bad, and we decline to publish this latest communication from 'The Other Side.' Astonished at this extraordinary denial, in fact, a calumny deliberately written and published against me, my hands being tied as it were, I brought him the following tem perately-conceived, but pointed protest, which on reflection he refused to insert, even in the shape of an advertisement : — The Rejected Review, To the Editor of the Oympie Times. Sir,— I was not one whit disappointed at the rejection by you of the review, notwithstanding your plighted word to the contrary — in fact, the wonder would be were it otherwise ; but, if I were not disappointed, I was amused at the flimsy pretext you advanced for its nonpublica tion. As far as I can gather from your state ment, you arrived at what you called your ' ' in ferenoe,' somehow in this manner : — Because ' The Other Side ' firat affirmed he did not possess a copy of the pamphlet, and subse quently that he had a review of it in readiness, therefore (vide the pretended consequence) he affirmed he wrote it himself. What egregious i humbug! If you object fco this treatment, then, j have the goodness to point out the contradiction i involved, in virtue of which you drew your pre tended inference, which no doubt you saw clearly, but which eludes my vigilance like a ghost's face in a dark corner. Some time ago the Editor of the Qympie limes publiohed the following sentence in a leader which contains a grave charge against Catholicism : -' That professedly Roman Ca tholic journals are not usually chosen for the selection of Roman Catholic news is, we repeat, due to two circumstances ; that they are not sent as exchanges and are not trustivorthy on the j subject.' Aud still more recently the editor { of the same journal published the following sentence, containing a grave calumny against j me;— 'The Other Side' favoured us with not | ono paragraph of original matter.' 0! tempora, 0! morea. I ask you Sir, in the name of truth, why did you publish that false statement against me ? The fact is I sent you not merely one original paragraph, but a j letter and a paragraph, each original as the sin j of Adam ; which can be attested by at least three witnesses, one of whgna you returned them to, still in company with the obnoxious review. The following is a copy of the letter re ferred to, the receipt of which you denied, and whose originality I am sure the most sceptical will admit :— ' To tlie Editor of the OijmpieTimes. * 'Sir, Whilst I cordially thank you for the publication in your paper of the * carefully written and exhaustive review' before men tioaed, and also admit it is more than I expected, still I claim it as a right, and not a mere concession, for I cannot see the concession in the bare fact of being allowed to defend oneself against an aggressor, when he can and ought to do it. ' I was a little unhinged at your implied charge of intemperance of expression against me, but Burely if this charge be imputable to any body, it is certainly not to me.— 0. S.' To the vague and bitter onsets made on me from time to time, by correspondents, who evi dently consider brevity is the soul of wit, 1 reply in borrowed language, to which practice vou seem to have a manifest aversion: — 'The effect of strong bigotry, or prejudice, is two fold : one is to bliud the understanding to the clearest evidence in opposition to it ; the (other is to deaden the sentiment, so as to | render the mind indifferent whether the opinion it is deter mined to adhere to be true or false. I, too, leavej the case to your readers, to whom you so confidently appeal, to decide, and I shall be quite satisfied with their verdict. — I am, &c;, T. 0. S. Instead, however, of publishing the above letter, he repeated his malicious accusation in the most offensive manner, as may be seen from, the paragraph following, which appeared in his next issue : — Notice to Oobrespondents. — We are in re ceipt of a somewhat insulting letter from ' The Other Side,' containing insinuations and charges without any foundation in fact. As it could subserve no useful purpose and would certainly not contribute to the literary reputa tion of the writer, we refuse it publication,' I regret that I have been compelled to adopt this extreme course ; but I was driven to it in the interest of truth and in defence of my moral character. Apologising for trespass, I am, dear sir, Your obedient servant, THE OTHER SIDE. February 20fch, 1875. 