TRIFLES OF WIT AND HUMOR. The following choice epitaph may be found ia a New Jersey churchyard:— " Here lies, strargar, a father spill'd From a Btage coach, and ther«.by klll'd ! His name was John Sykes, a makor of horse mangers, Slain with three other outside passengers. Weep not, for the business is carried on by James Sykes, his son and heir." "You jist ought to have been over to our house last night," shouted one small boy to another on the Campus Martins yesterday. " Why—making pictures?" inquired the other. " Naut much ! humph I No, sir; our folks vent away, and we had popcorn, two kinds of sweetened water, milk and camphor, drew the dog around in the tablecloth, and the hired girl told us eight ghost stories."—Detroit Tribune. A Oassave father procured an outfit of oil paints and brushes for his eight- year-old son the other day, the lad having developed a talent for drawing. Little was seen of the boy for two or three days, and then he took his father and mother by the hand and led them into the parlor and triumphantly pointed to the proofs of his artistic skill. The gilt paper on the walla formed a fine ground-work for him, and he had painted a hoise over one door, a lion over another, a bird over the third, and at intervals along the walls he had brought out fighting dogs, ships, fire engines, Indians in full dress, and bears chasing boys. He had put a new border on the bay window ourtains, striped the legs of the piano, and had proceeded to touch up and improve certain chromos and oil paint ings hanging on the walls. Father and mother gazed around, and the young artist anxiously^ waited for them to pat him on the head and say they were proud of such a son. They didn't pat -: hlra—not very much. The father placed the son's oar between his thumb and finger and led him through several rooms to the wood-shed, and what followed may be inferred from a re mark by the boy and overheard by a pedestrian —" Oh, father, let up on me, and l'il never be an artist any more."—Detroit Free Press. The daughter of a city magnate met at a city banquet not long ago a certain noble Marquis, whom she had the pleasure of being introduced to during her father's term of Lord Mayoralty. She bowed to the noble Marquis, who imme diately recognised her, and as she sat next him at dinner they entered into conversation. After a few preliminaries, the young lady startled the noble Marquis by the following abrupt query : "Do you think I get pretty, my Lord?" The • noble Marquis was a little taken aback at such a pointed question. However, he disguised his astonishment, and answered gallantly, "Do I think you get pretty. Miss ? No, you are and always have been pretty—it is not a question of getting." What further compliments the too polite Marquis might have indulged in it is impossible to con jecture, had he not been checked by the lady, who, with a face suffused with modees blushes, said—"I—I think you muBt have misunder stood me,.my lord j I—I meant, do you think 'Ighgate pretty ?" Then it dawned upon the unhappy nobleman that his fair questioner had been asking his opinion of that charming suburb which, in West End ciroles, is more frequently known as Highgate. Colonel Tompkins, of Merrden,is an eooentrio man. He has a pas sion fo collecting strange animals and domesticating them on -Ms farm. His success with the alligator is remarkable. A few years ago he bought one of these reptiles of a sea captain, who had brought it north when young. Being fully acclimated, a snowstorm only amuses the reptile, while the cold air of the north greatly adds to the toughness of its hide. The boys have often struck it with a pickaxe with about as much effeot as if it had been a steam boiler. TMs alligator is as eccen tric as its master; but it is the best dispesed animal in the world. It will work in a thrashing maohine 10 hours a day, but, if overtasked, itB mouth opens sarcastically. Next to eating ham, its chief delight is to go with the boyB to tho river, where it waits till they disrobe j.then it plunges in and allows them to ride on Its back. Once a water mooaasln bltalad and fled to its hole. The alligator threw the boy out on the bank with its tail, then turned its attention to that serpent's abiding. place, with its mouth wide open and its eyes red with rage. Not less than 18 mocassins were lying dead at the boy's feet before he could count six. The alligator set up a terrific howl of exultation. Put ting the boy astride its back, and the snakes in its jaw, it started for the house at the top of itB speed. Fortunately the lad was not dangerously injured. Uolonei- Tompkins^ rewarded the reptile with a box of soap-grease and a young pig. Each spring its scales are renovated with a cold chisel. This little feature in its toilet pleases it immensely, and it capers around for an hour afterwards. Children are great favorites with the reptile. They give it cheese and cranberries, and bits of roast chicken on their way to school,, while it keeps a sharp look-out for .the cross dogs that may follow them. The black smith's boy who trims its scales is a particular friend. Last Maroh, when they were unusually thick, he chiselled circular places in its hide, and inserted a cheap bullseye olook on either side of it, and wedged them fast. At first the animal was nneasy, but when it heard the tick ing its delight was unbounded, and it waddled off to show itself to the sohool girls. ■ Recently its teeth became so dull that it could hardly chew, and it whined piteoualy. Theblark smith's boy gave it a oonple of tom-cats and led it to the shop, where he filed the teeth to a keen edge. The animal was so overjoyed that it ran out and gnawed down a hitohing-poat,' and gobbled up a stray dog that was passing. Since then the alligator makes monthly visits to the shop for repairs. When its lower teeth are done, it turns over on its back, and opens its month the while the bov nuts a hn«K.>a.« - 1 finish, on the upper rpw( r-Danlvirii Ntm 