« Jirgits. FRIDAY,1IARCII5, 1875. -The represiintatjyes^' thecolony have now been ebosenjj and it is very de sirable that tUegew Parliament should I meet as early, asipossible for the *rans l.action of busiriess. If there is one ^department; more-: than another that i requires remodelling,- and the imrae ! diate attention of the Legislature, it is the law courts., Considering- the Iejral | ^ o o i ability that South Australia can boast | of, it wouldnot be toomuch to expect the! workings of the various courts to be car tied out in harmony with the common setise views of the people. There ap pears^. however, to be a constant jarring, together with a tediousnees and expen sivenesi? tbarought no longer to; be tolerated. We might mention many cases' that baielbeen delayed is the Supreme -Const, .to* the serious loss and'I but''it is unnecessary..aife qf such fre quent occurrence that most people are iamiliar'-witli therb- To bring to the tbreg'round case? where the Judges and •the Acts by \vMeh Jihey . are guided ! have clashed'mav" appear to some as i'only trivial, but to those who have been immediately concerned in the matter it is of considerable importance. It is impossible for things to go on much longer as they have been doing without seriously affecting the ends of justice. • If age and experience go for anything, it may be satisfactory to know that an old and experienced lawyer gives as his opinion that m the person of the Hon. C. Manny junior member for Stanley, we have a great law reformer. Although the sentiment was expressed in the course of an after .dinner speech, there is notwithstanding some truth in it, and it is 'to be hoped that Mr. Mann will be equal to what is expected of him. Mr. Lowe, the I gentleman to whom we have referred, | may be able to assist by giving advice (on many important points of law, for ; it is clear from his published state | mentsthat there are many irregularities i which ought to be rectified and abuses that should be'swept away. Mr. Mann,1 when before his constituents, expressed;! himself strongly on law matters, and he promised to introduce measure§.that would do away with existing ,defects-4 measures that would be at once simple and effectual in securing the ends of,j justice. The technical verbiage, so| con=picuous in most of the Acts, I rendering them in many instances very difficult of comprehension by laymen, and affording matter lor debate among gentlemen of the legal profession, should be reconstructed. We might instance the Acts regulating elections. They are so ambiguous that candidates often fail to, discern their real drift, and unconsciously violate them, when they are pounced upon and the whole affair upset. Why not convey the meaning in plain, straightforward language, so that the true sense could not be misunderstood ? This obscure volumnous style of writing is now obsolete, except with iawyers, who in stead of being in advance of the people cling to an effete system as if there was no improvement to be made in law phraseology. If Mr. Mann will set to work in this department he will receive the co-operatiou of Parliament, and thus in a very important sense benefit the colony. The Supreme Court Judges are so frequently annoyed at being hampered in the discharge of their duties by de fects in the Acts of the colony, that ; they are unable to administer justice j except they violate the wording of; some particular Act. This is not con | fined to the Real Property Act, but there are others that require amending, and until this is done the management of our law courts will not give general satisfaction. This matter has been often mooted in the House of Assembly, but it alwaj's fell through for want of a leading spirit qualified to remedy the imperfections. The great cry has been about the land laws being oppressive, but it will not do with simply making one or two improvements. There must be a general reform, and it will be well for the colony if the new Parliament takes up the matter in its various j phases, and deal fearlessly with the whole question. The Insolvent Court as it at present exists may be said to be a refuge for vagabonds. Men can carry on busi ness in the most reckless manner, and by sLratagem and deceit rob their fel low-men ; and having run the full length in the accomplishment of their purpose, they seek the protection of j that Court. Such persons return to | districts where they have practised; their frauds, but ihe unfortunate vic tims have no redress. We are not sur- I prised to hear weekly of persons failing j in business; it answers their purpose j to do so, because the Insolvent Court,! instead of being a terror to fraudulent traders, is an asylum under the shadow j of which" they are secure. To .protect the upright who have met with re ! verses, despiLe all their efforts to deal justly, a court is certainly required, in order to prevent the adoption of severe measures from grasping- unfeeling men. But the Insolvent Court is a scandal on the corner}', and most injurious in its effects on the community at large. We have been assured, however, that the Attorney-General has in view the needed reformation of that Court, and will endeavor to amend the law in that 'particular so as to inflict severe punish | ment on those persons who work from j corrupt motives. I A Paltry Refuge.—On account of the | many complaints received of missing papers and parcels, -we were obliged to call the attention of the Postmaster-General to ihe fact. We enclosed the cover of a package addressed'to Messrs. Jonas & Co., Hanson, which had been sent on to Melrose, and consequently did not reach Hanson for several days afterwards. In the face of this we are coolly told that there is no Post office called Hanson, the name at present being Fan- ell's Flat, and that unless the P.O. clerk who sorted the letters and parcels happened to know that the two places were identical he would be very apt to misseod it. We think this not only a lame excuse, but a gross insult. "We addressed the parcel to " Hanson," a township surveyed by Go vernment and sold by that name; whereas "Farrell's Flat" takes in a large tract of country.. Hanson is the next towpship to Clare. in ail easterly direction, .some 13 miles distant. Wliy/then,-.should an attempt be made to justify the sending1 of a parcel to Melrose, oO miles northward, where there ■is no place _as Siamed on the address. Iu making known the fact to the Postmaster General we made no complaints against any one, but simply wished that greater care might be exercised in the Post-office, and all the satisfaction we got was that it was " very apt to be missent," If the head of the department justifies carelessness in the transmission of parcels, we are not sur prised at the existing irregularities. Goldbrough's Monthly Cibculab.— The wool circular for February of the above Victorian firm has reached us, and the sales held during this month show a diminution, only 5,699 bales having been catalogued and about 3,852 sold. Prices are about the same as'last' month, but the lots offered have realised fair prices. The report says —eT.he returns show, that 144,335 bales have been catalogued, ■ and 103,455 bales ^old during the season now terminated, Jbeing the largest quantity hitherto offered and sold in the colony in one year. The sales made represent a value of over £2,000,000 sterling; and the fact that operations of such magnitude have been carried out in this comparatively new market, shows that its attractions are becoming fully recognised by the trade generally, both in Europe and America. As stated in our circular of last month, many of the largest manufacturers send their orders here, and thus they gain at first hand a choice of our best claps. Early in December, owing to the receipt of telegrams advising tbe unsatisfactory ter mination of the November London sales at a reduction of Id to 3d per lb on September rates, lower prices had to be submitted to in this market, and a decline of Id to l^d per lb on the rates cm-rent towards the close of November was established. This re duction has continued to the close of the season, and prices have not shown any material fluctuation since the first week in December; the difference, if any, has been in favor of the buyer, especially since the more ordinary descriptions began to come forward. Errata.—In the third paragraph of the Rev. J. A. Boake's advertisement, which appeared in our last issue, we omitted one word. After Bishop, read in a way in which, instead of in a way which. Mr., Boake wishes to omit the comma after advertisement, in first line of second para graph ; and in first line of last paragraph read assertion instead of assertions. " Australasian Sketcher."—The Ade laide edition of this illustrated paper has reached us, and it vividly pourtrays, both by . its engravings and reading, matter, the destructive effects of the recent hot weather in Victoria, as regards the terrible con flagrations and the scarcity of water. Good portraits are given of two Acting-Governors —Sir W. F. Stawell and Sir Redmond Barry. There is also a good portrait of . the late Rev. Andrew Robertson. A Victorian j model farm—JSarre-Warran Grange—is suggestive, especially to those whose occu pation is connected with cheese- making. I Cobb's Box.—Mr. R. P. Whitworth's [ new work entitled "Cobb's Box," .has been forwarded to us by Messrs. E. S. Wigg & Son, f Adelaide. This little work, like some of the ! author's former productions, consists of a J number of tales supposed to have been told j by travellers on Cobb's conveyances, in I Australia and New Zealand. As introduc j tory the rise and progress of that coaching company is minutely narrated, and the | whole of the stories are well told and are I characteristic of colonial life. They con sist of " The Murder by the Hut," "How j Lame Bradleyjjcame up to time," " The Dream Witness^" " Macbeth under Diffi culties," "The Ghost'in the Glass," "Rum and Bitters," and " A Grim Joke." Sporting.—The lovers of the turf are making an effort to revive horse racing at Clare. In order to arrive at something definite a preliminary meeting will be held at Ford's on Tuesday, March 9. Education Board.—At at meeting of the Board of Education, held on Monday* an application in form was received from F. G. Boys. He stated that the number of! scholars on the roll was 37. Approved. The resignation of Emma Snewin, Gulnare, was accepted.: R. Roberts, district chair man, Black Springs, forwarded a declara tion of trust for the teacher's residence. To be returned for amendment and full par ticulars of cost. Thomas Coombe, Glad stone, forwarded the trust-deeds of a new schoolroom with a certificate of the cost— £278—signed by two magistrates. The In spectors report on the building was satis factory, and a cheque for amount of subsidy was ordered to be sent. Wreck of the Gothenbtjug.—The telegrams in Wednesday's dailies in reference to the above wreck have produced deep interest and anxiety as to the fate of the passengers and crew. She was bound from the Northern Territory for Adelaide, and was wrecked during a cyclone on the 2atl* utt. on Flinders Island: The Leichardt picked op'one boat containing four men, so J that'l07 persons are still missing. The sea vtfas running very heavily at the time, and telegrams from Brisbane hold out hut little hope of their safety. 