^ M U S M N V T E . THE THEATRB.—" Susan Hopley, or the Vicissitudes of a Servant Girl," and " Dick Turpin," were the highly-spiced dishes prepared for the palate of the Saturday night's audience at the RoyaL The firstof these is, as most are aware, an old-fashioned, intensely stupid, and improbable melodrama, abounding in murders, robberies, abductions, rescues, old manor-houses with trap-doors, secret recesses, ghosts, blue fire,. &c.;, &c.; The principal personages are a painfully good servant girl, with Daniel Webster at her finger ends, a gentlemanly villain, a blackguardly ditto, a virtuous young miller, lover to the heroine, a comical butler, and a rather eccentric young costermonger. Miss Bowering sustained the rCle of the servant girl, Susan Hopley; and had it been possible to makaanything of a character so obviously absurd would doubtless have succeeded in doing so. As it was she dressed appropriately and acted welL Mr. Towers was in his element as the lovesmitten purveyor of vegetables, and kept the house amused. Mr. Power also provoked laughter as the cowardly old butler. Messrs. Martin and Wolfe appeared as the wicked gentleman and his accomplice, and Mr. Osborne was ratherstilted as the rustic lover. The second piece appeared in the bills as " Dick Turpin's Ride to York," though why thus described it would bedifficult to say, seeing that the rascally cutthroat* as depicted in the play, never leaves the village, which is supposed totie the«oene of action. The play is one of the same class as " Jack Sheppard," which was condemned in our notice o£ July 12. The whole action is objectionable; and the teaching impressed on the youthful mind is that dishonesty is not only a rather pleasant and profitable, but absolutely a very meritorious mode of obtaining a livelihood. The sooner snch performances are entirely suppressed on the public stage the better it will be for a considerable section of our rising community, who are likely to be enamoured of such pernicious precept and example, and who unfortu- ; nately require no great incentives to vicious ' habits. This evening a grand fairy extravaganza : and harlequinade of " Cinderella and the Little Glass Slipper" is advertised, for whioh Sir. , Towers announces that great preparations have been made. I SIGNOBA COY'S CONCERTS.—The brilliant as- . semblage at the sixth and farewell concert at the 1 Town Hall on Saturday evening must have convinced Signora Coy and her talented coadjutors that the people of Adelaide duly appreciate high-class music when it is presented by such artists as the company comprises. His Excellency, Mrs. Musgrave, and suite were present^ and the reserved ohairs were thronged by a fashionable audience. The back seats were fairly occupied, and the gallery .was well filled. A splendid programme was presented, and from the opening to the finish the performances were a succession of triumphs. Signora Coy was in admirable voice. The cavatina " Uno voce poco fa" (Barbiere), in which she first appeared* was encored, and the audience would not be satisfied without a repetition. In the aria " Caro nome," from Bigoletto, the Signora again carried with her the sympathies of her audience, and at the olose of the song she was. greeted : with a shower of bouquets. Ia response to long-continued applause she again appeared and bowed her acknowledgments* Signora Magi shared largely in the favours bestowed. Her ringing in English of the popular ballad "Comin' through the. Rye" created quite a furore, a repetition being imperatively demanded. Signori Coy, Dondi, and Bono were in capital voice, and each bad to respond to encores. Signor DondTs singing of the popular Bong Bay of Bisoay" in especially pleased the andienoe, and en his reappaarano* m response to vehement applause the delightpC the audience found vent in cheers. .The anmeno* throughout were enthusiastic In their applause, and notwithstanding the liberality displayed in the arrangement of the programme they wer» most, exacting in their demands. The performers, however, good-naturedly respondea-to the majority of the calls. Mr. A. Landerga* conducted with marked ability. The conoert* have been a treat which rarely presents itself, and it is a matter for regret that the series has so soon closed. ACCIDENT AT GREEN'S PLAINS.—The Wallaroo- Times states :—"An old and respected colonist, Mr. G. Clark, who has now for some years resided at Green's Plains, was, in consequence of falling over a box in trying to throw a boy on Ids horse, seriously injured. At first he thought, nothing of it, but on July 30, being very tad. Dr. Robinson was called in, and on his adyice- Mr. Clark was removed to Kadina, and is nowlying dangerously ill at the White Lion Hotel. Wishing to see his three sons, who were working at' the Broughton, Mr. Tremberth kindlp undertook to fetch them. He rode the well-known mare Fair Nell up to the Broughton Extension^ where the Clarkes were working, a distance of 70 miTes, in about four and a half hours, and back again on a bay pony called Turpin in the same time." THE METHODIST NEW CONNEXION. —On Sunday morning the Bev. C. Linley informed; his congregation that the Bev. J. Birks, o£ London, had been selected by the Missionary Committee for the pastoral charge of Franklinstieet Church, and that it was expected Mr. Birks would sail by the Durham, which would bs due in Melbourne about the middle of ' September. Mr. linley stated, that the change was made in consequenoe of the pressing representations which he thought it his duty to make about a year ago to the Connexional. authorities respecting his state of health. He congratulated the Church on the fact that the gentleman appointed to be his successor was an efficient minister, and would come to them (D.V.) in the fulness of health and strength and with an earnest desire to devote himself entirely to his work. Ploughing made easy is what the American: farmer wants, and the wits of the Yankee inventor have at last soared to the comfortable solution of the problem. It goes forth to the public as a "shade attachment forploughs," and consists of an umbrella so fitted that the man at the plough is screened from the heat of the sun. The legal and formal description, as filed at the Patent Office, is as follows:— A cranked ai m is secured in a socket by means of a set screw, and is free to revolve in a horizontal plane, The outer end of the crank is jointed, and provided with an adjustiuz brace, whereby it may be inclined and secured at anydesired angle. A suitable socket at the upper end of the arm holds the umbrella handle, retaining the same by a ample spring catch." 