' THE WESLEYAN GENERAL i CONFERENCE. ! At the rittirigs of the Wesleyari. General Con. iference on the 21st inst., President .Wilkinson,, of . the New South- Wales Annual' Conference, pre-, j sided'. After the journal had' been read, the cp'nfer- i cnce, iri Committee of the whole; proceeded' with ' the considorati'on of the lay representation in i the conference. ! The Rev, J-. S, W.ttrGir held that, before | proceeding further, it was desirablo ' that 'they should : ; place1 upon: record : their iviews :as to. the extent, to which they : coqld admit the- participation- of laymen in. i the government of the churcb. -While anxious . to place laymen in possession of all that they . could claim scripturally, yet there were matters' which must bo-reserveu for the ministers aloo& In-naticnal governmentit was- the right of racu to hold, what opinion they pleased as to the best form; whether it was a. monarchy, or a republic ; but the government, of the Christian Churclf could not bo republican, but' was essentially monarchical, for Christ was king over his people.. ; After further remarks, he moved: — "Whereas . it appears to be advisable to alter the consti- ! tiitiou of our church, so as to admit of lay rcpre- sentatives as members- of the Wesloyan Afetho- 1 dist conferences in Australasia; and. wherc- ! as those courts ,, have hitherto consisted j of ministers only, this general con- i ference agrees that our annual and' general i conferences' shall- bo Bcr'eafter composed of- minis1- t tors and lay representatives, in accordance with, ' tbe following pkup The general, conference, j however, in adopting this plan, distinctly asserts I its maintenance of tho New, Testament doctrine, | that the ministty derivesits existence from Christ, i and that upon Christian ministers, to whom- is i entrusted the duty of taking heed to 'alt j the- flock over which the Holy Ghost Lath- made i them overseers, to foed the church of God, de volves the solemn responsibility of enforcing godly discipline, and' administering the govern ment of- the cliUTch. This principle the general conference regardb as being essential! to the scripturalifuliumenfc of the ministerial: office; and: so vitol.to the constitution. of WesleyanMethod- jsm fchatin the admission." of laymen as membera. of our' conference it must be held to be sacred and iriviolable." \- The motion was'secondetLby'tiie'Rev. C. Riocr. An animated- andt lengthened discussion, en sued, and . several members of the conference expressed their dissent from the resolution, as in their opinion it savored of tbo assertion of saccr- ' dotalisru. Others urged' that, if needed- at all, i the: motion Bhould have been brought forward at ! the- outset, when tbe subject of. lay representa- ! tion had been first broached, orelso its considera- j tion should ba postponed until tha whole schemo . had beeu conmdercd. f The Rev. IVBuddmi moved that further dis cussion on the motion- be postponed- until tho: | remainder, of the recommendations from the an- 1 nual conferences on Jay repreBentation had been f dealt with. The Rev. W. L. Bribes seconded; and after I further discussion- tbe amendment was nega- f, lived. - j1 A further amendment was proposed by. the ,, Rev. Wx. Weols, to remit the motion of Mr. i- Waugh to the No. I, committee, to amend the \- phraseology thereof,' if necessary. After con- |! siderable debate the amendment wiar carried; ' and the. conference adjourned, fort wo hours; j: In tbe afternoon sitting,. President Bicxford, II as chairman of the No. 1 committee, brought up their repbrt .upon the resolution of "Mr. Waugh, relating-- to the scriptural authority and; in tegrity of the pastoral offico irr-tbe Gbristian. church; to the effect that the committee recom mended that in the thirteenth line fromithe top the word " pastoral" be placed before "govern ment," but the committee recommended: that no other alteration or amendent be made. The question was put without further-debate, and carried ; and tho rosolution wa3 also agreed to by a considerable majority. The committee then proceeded with the con sideration of further recommendations on- lay -representation, and it- was resolved--: — " 2. The committee of each.,,institution of the connexion; to which a minister is, set apart by- the . confe rence shall have the right to .elect one lay representative also, ' ' 3. There shall be reserved to be .dealt with by the ministers alone, 1st, the election of president and secretary and chair man of districts 2nd, all the matters comprised, in the first thirteen questions- of the. conference of 1S73-" Therer was only 'a. morning sitting of the Conference on Saturday, over which Presi dent Buller, of the New Zealand Annual Conference, presided. The business was the further consideration ot the subjects that in future conferences shall be reserved to be dealt with by the ministers albne. On Friday it had been agreed to reserve the election of president and secretary and chairman of districts and also- all matters comprised in the first thirteen 'questions of the conference of 1873. On Satur day the list of reservations- was increased by adding to it. All appeals atfechng the status of our members," and also ""the stationing of the ministers." Over the last-named subject there was- a very- long dobate. In- support of tho re servation it jvas urged- that although there was- no Christian- .principle jnvolved, still it was highly expedient that laymen, should' not be associated . in the stationing, as the in- ' dependency, of, the- ministers would be- better conserved- thereby. An amendment to . the con trary; raoved- by the lfev. J. C. -gymons, was supported'-on the ground that the system of associating laymen with nrinisfers" iri the stationing workedwell with- tho BiblaGhristians; the - Pjimifive . Miethodiata,; and: the. New: Cbn»i nexion Methodists. It jyas„aIsri„contended that tho conference, in nffirmihg the prinoiplo of lay representation, .had eithOiJ conceded too much, die else they would Bstveu to; 1 allow laymen fa participate., in matters reserved or, proposed'.fo Bis ; It was. aKQ- reiharked- that,, alt thq proposed" re'seryatibrisheibg made, there :wauld;he noiuorei power given- to Jaymen. than, they already pos sessed' as memhers: of ; the. < Connexionsi: com-1 mittees, save, that what they did-;iu committee ' had'te be afterwards1 approved1 by the ministers in confhrerico, which, was : always ' done. :!)hai amendment was negativedl by a large, majority, land the, -reservation made uThe-conference then! i ad jouniedi until! ten. o'clock, thissmorningi , The business transacted on- Monday was almost entirej-con fined7 ta 'settling the dotirils of the new coristittitifSfi,, tmd'er which WesTeyan ;Mfithodism.,in Australasia- will, be governed fiar ;the future. The discussion of these-minor points. ipOEsessen little of general: interest, although1 it; ! occupies considerable time. The- conference alka j adjourned' for a longer period1 tliair usual in. the imidtUeof tlieday,asthemomhera were desirauaof' imanifestirig:, their loyalty to .the1 .Queen by. atr jtendicg the lance held, by hor represontativc. 1 Among the subjects discussed was a proposal, to' appoint a representative of . the General Confer- ierico' to tee British.Cordererice;. but' thq matter; j was postponed; It was, however;,: resolved,' to ro- quest tho British. Cbnfmence to send a- represent tativq to tlio next Genoral Gbnference, in. 1878;'. iand. also tbat he might remain here for twelve t months: - - Gn Tuesday,. Ffesidbut Bicliford xyas- in, the, chair. . The greater part of tho forenoon was oc- cupied'with.turther- eorisidering: the. report-of a. sub- committee to whom> had ' been remitted | several portions of tho recommendations on lay I representation. The discussions on the various I points brought under notico were protracted',, and. 'the corisid'eration, of several was further post Iponed, The Rev, . \V„ A. Quick then, moved a.- ; series of rraolutions- having reference to the i status of persons who,, although attendants- at the servi<Tes( of the Wesley an Church, yet de clined' to , at'tend' at class meotiugs,'. and. wore, therefore not qualilied for. recognition as mem- ! hers of the church. The: object of the rcsolu- | tions proposed was stated tb hc; not to supersede, but rather1 to strengthen the system of 'class-' ; meeting, while at the . same time the. minister, j wonld be authorised to issue quartecly tickets to. i such, persons as, did riot attend class; and in that way. entitle. them to joituiu. tbe communion sen j vice or love feasts. The proposal was objected | to entirely . by the- Rev. John Eggleston, who cbh-. ! tended for'the strict retention of. class meeting 1 as a test' of membership/ The subject ! was dei | bated' at great length throughout the afternoon. | President Wilkinson,, of New South. Wales, | presided1 at Wednesday's- sittings of the l Conference, After the journal had been ? read, the conference considered, an, addition, pro- : posed by the. Rev. J. Giipe to the resolutions .that bad b'een agieed to in reference to the worn- ;ont luinistors'. laud. It was to thaelbeot that uimistora of less than ton years' standing, who , be'eome supbrnuinerancs, . should receive "the- ; annual allowance from the' fund' for ' only five' years afterwards unless, they were disabled by ' affliction. _ It was proposed to amend the motion; by substituting for " live years" the words " an many years as- they may have subscribed to the ;fund ; but the amondmont wns; lost, and the ' original proposition, carried. It., having been: notified .to the conference that , tho licv. J.. Buller, of New Zealand, intonded to visit Eng- -laud. next7 yeai' should he reoeive7 permission;. to do so from his Annual Conference, it was rt- Eqlvcd' to appoint him representative of- this con ference to the British Conference of lSTff,' should lie be iri England when it was sitting. The Rev. J. Buller returned thanks for the honor conferred on- hum by the appointment, .arid shortly afterwards he and others of the- New Zealand representatives left the -conference, as they were about to proeoed tri. tliat.cblon-y. The conference then proceeded with the further con sideration, of t h e recom meudations'of the Ann ual Conferences- on the subject of- lay representation. The question - under discussion was that ' the General Conference shall riot so ; modify or alter the laws of the churcli as that a'ttcn.danco 'upon tbe class meeting shall cease to. be a condi- > tion of membership. There was much diversity of opinion on the proposal, none of. the members objecting to class- iriecting, 7 howqver, but ori the j coutrary speaking YFarinly of the results, thereby attained. : But it was heldthatit waa unneces sary to mako the proposed reservation, as the general laws of the church dealt witbthe subject otEerwise. The debate- ;wa$ eommenecd before the forenoon adjournment, and occupied! the. whole of the afternoon sitting,! and it was at length resolved to strike tho clauso out as not -boing required. It was, however, deemed ad visable for the conference to-place on- record its opinion of the value of class meeting, and the phraseology of . the original proposition having 'Beeri altered it was passed as a minute of. the. .corifefence apart from the questional lay repre sentation. Tho conference then adjourned until next'day. Thursday's sittings, although continued until nirie 'p.m., were not productive of results possessing general interest. . In the forenoon a number, of minor alterations in. the plan for legalising lay representation, in- the annual and general conferences- were considered in com mittee; after which it was- resolved that the whcleC'- scheme! should be printed and a copy placed in the hands of each member of the conference for consideration before the matter was submitted to tee conference proper for final adop-. tion. Copies of the constitution as amended will be despatched by the outgoing Calif oraian. mail, so: as to reach Eogland in- July. The object of this is to ensure the consideration of the matter at the next-British conference, which will meet on. the last Friday in July; as; until the constitution has received the sanction, of the home conference, it cannot be brought into operation- here. In the afternoon and e'vening the business was o£ a routine character, relating chiefly to proposed interchanges of ministers to be made at tbe next annual conferences. 