TOPICS OF THE DAY. To-morrow (Wednesday evening), a Third Edition of The Herald, with the Ministe rial Statement, and the position of parlies will be published at six o'clock. A quantity of interesting matter will be fonnd in our fourth page, i To- morrow, will bo commenced in our fourth page, another of tho popular Police stories, by W.W., entitled " Emma Brogden's Ghost." Cable communication is restored between Batavia and Singapore, nnd the whole line from Melbourne to Europe 1b in working order, \- .Notwithstanding the repeated and em. phatic assertion made by the Ministerial press that Sir James M'Culloeh would, if per mitted, make his budget statement on Thurs day, it now comes out that as Sir JameB is not likely to be interfered with, he will not be ready till Tuesday. The attitude asumed by the premier is not unlike the individual, who, in his apparently eager desire to get at his antagonist, cries ont, "Let me at him;!' but at the same time quietly whispers to his friends, " For God's sake hold mo back." Scarlet fever has made its appearance' at Bnlleen, Nunawnding, Berwick, ond Don- caster. At some of these places it bos as sumed a very virulent form, The weather all over the continent to-day is reported ns' being squally, with inter mittent showers. An examination meeting of John Ryan, draper, Collingwood, was held to-day, at tho Insolvent Court, before His Honor Judge Noel. The whole of tho morning was taken up in the examination of Richard Henry Willis, mnnager of the' Provincial aqd Suburbnn Bank, Fitzroy. Tho meeting then closed, The fire bell alarmed tho residents of Williamstown nt five o'clock this morning, when it was discovered that a fire had oc- ourred at a house in Twyford street, The fire brigade and large numbers of people speedily arrived at the scene; and the flames were subdued without mitch damage heipg done. . THe.bench Administered a severe ppnisli- ment'to a disorderly woman this morning at the City Police Court, which, it is' to bo hoped, will act as a warning and n deterrent to persons of licr class in future. The prisoner, nnmcd Mary Annie Sullivan, being, as she herself admitted, mad with drink yesterday afternoon, seized a lady who was passing up, Bourko-street by hor hat, which sho tore from her head, at the same time vilely abusing her in the foulest mnnncr, Tho woman was fined £6, or in default, three months in gaol. Intending competitors are reminded that tho entries for the athletic sports meeting to be hold on the Civil Service Cricket ground, on tho 23rd inst,, must be made this evening, between eight and niuc o'clock, at the Port Phillip Club Hotel, Flinders- street. Tho programme is an exceedingly good one, and should bring out our very best "jieds," Amongst the events is a novel'one, in tho shape of Tho Mongolian Plate, for which no les6 than twelve " Chinese, cracks" have determined to compete. The meeting will bo under the patronngo and in the presence of His Excellency the Acting-Governor. Messrs J. and S. Austin have recently had their prize Lincoln sheep shorn, ami the fol lowing were the results : — Tho champion, a two-year-old sheep, yielded tho enormons amount of 25 jib of splendid wool ; their second prize ram, also at wo-year-old, had only three quarters of a pound less wool on him ; whilst the third prize ram in tho same class yielded 25 Jib, A lad named Alexander Cloary was sen tenced to three months imprisonment by, the Collingwood bench, this morning, for having on tho 1st inst,, stalen ten pigeons from the private residence of Georgo- Oheswell, Hod- die-street. Another lad named William Ward charged with the same offence, was discharged, as Cleary admitted to having taken them himself, and exonerated Ward from all blame. An app'ication for the transfer of tho license of the notorious Sir Robert Peel Hotel, Wellington-street, Collingwood, was made to the local magistrates this morning, from David Ross to one B. J. Mullen. The bench refused the application, at the same time granting permission to renew the ap plication next week. A sad calamity happened at the Winter's Freehold Company's mine yesterday after noon (says the Courier). A young man named Allan Sngar, twenty-one years of age, was engaged driving home laths in one of the drives, when a quantity of earth came down and covered' him, and before his body could, be recovered life was extinct. The accident was a peculiar one, as there was only a distance of something like 18 inches between the laths and the rock ; and had he been a foot or so further t away from the face than he was, it is probable he would have escaped unhurt. The deceased, who resided at Sebastopol, was an only son, which makes the occurrence still sadder. The Bendigo Independent gives the follow ing account of the closo of the celebrated meeting at Eaglehawk last night cnlling Mr Mooro to aeqount. Mr Moore seeing how matters were going left, thinking a whole skiQ the best:— "Mr Cook then challenged Mr Moore for £60 to prove the truth of his state ment as to the promise he alleged the Minis ter of Lands hnd given. Tho confusion here became very great. Mr J. W. Williams in terrupted the speaker several times, and a number of excited men ruBhcd towards him (Mr Williams), but he escaped by the library door. The reporters fied from their table during the excitement, and the reporter of the Independent was unceremoniously over turned. Order having again been obtained, Mr Cook severely animadverted upon Mr Moore's conduct in the past. Mr Stevens attempted to move an amendment, but here what threatened to be a free fight occurred. The confusion was great, and the reporters had just time to again desert their table when Stevens was hurled from the platform and brutally struck, The Mayor, amidst great excitement, put the motion, expressing censure of Mr Moore, for which about 160 hands were hold up. The majority of the meeting did not vote, nnd left the hall in disgust." 