MISS ANGEL." By Miss Thackeray. Chapter XXX. When Angelica reached home that day everything seemed to be changed. So much can one person sometimes do for another. Mr. Johnson's confidence seemed to have touched some secret spring, to have set her at esse, to have restored her self-respect. She set to work again with renewed courage. Everything seemed possible again, even without the spring of hope. itesolve and patient endeavor came to her aid. Some days, utterly dry and parched, slio worked on from habit, hoping that the sap of interest was not quite crushed within her heart. Some days, strung to happier mea sure, she seemed to be uplifted, to be able to put herself away. She had never painted better in her life than now ; orders came in, and she was obliged to defer a long-promised visit to" Lowdenbam Manor, Lady Diana's house in Hampshire. People are made up of so many contra dictory feelings that when a person's conduct surprises us we forget how much circum stances have to do with the outward aspect oi life. As the material facts change, the ii: ).;ve forces seem to turn into fresh chan nels ; but it is the same force or weakness of character that drives the impulse. An gelica Kuuifman was a woman born to be a slave, easily influenced by stronger wills, b)-.t still more by her stubborn ideas of senti ment. One trying ordeal was still before iter ; it was but meeting with an old tried friend. We mortals are very impatient beings, and we seem to have some instinct by which we often make bad matters worse, far worse than they need be. Antonio added to poor Angelica's troubles by his return, by his utter and indignant sympathy., < Wlion he saw her looking unhappy, his grief for her trouble seemed to turn against her in its very intensity. They met by chance in the street one day , he was on his way to see her. She had been listlessly strolling in the sunshine with little Rosa, and they were standing by the railings at the corner of the square, when they saw bim crossing the street. He, too, looked worn and harassed, although he had come straight from sweet golden groves and perfumed skies. He had ; had a strange summons to Windsor, and wris just returned from thence. He had found bad news enough that morn ing waiting his return to put out perfumes and southern lights for days to come. He did not spisak at first when she gave him her hand ; . she was frightened by his manner. " When did you come?" she faltered. He was silent for a little bit, trying to span the gulf which had opeued between them. He' was i unreasonable, indignant, angry with her, W ith fate. " I came yesteirday," he said. " I found u letter calling me| to Windsor. There is sad news there. I canst return. I scarcely thought of seeing, you, but I could not keep away. " I She gave him 'a reproachful glance. The look made him speak, though at one time in his anger against her lie bad thought all words were over between tliem for ever. " Coaie, come with me," said Angel, leading across f.he street to her house, of which the door was on the latch, and flit. ting upstairs before him into lier studio, now once more filled with work, alive with her pretty dreams. Antonio began pacing the long room, then turned and came straight back to her. "Unhappy girl," he cried, "what have you done ?" His melting voice, restrained by bis grief for her trouble, seemed to pass over her as a wave of Bait bitterness, and as bo re proached her they seemed drawn more nearly again. £... ' " What madness befell you J' be cVied.' " Did yon forget your father and all who love you ?" b Angelica for once seemed crashed, made doll somehow. T She did not hold np her head, but stood looking before her with vacant eyes. Angelica ! was this Angelica ? It was not so much that she looked ill and changed ; but some sharpness bad come into her face, some dnll cloud into her glancing blue eyes, some expression of distaste and Weariness, that Antonio had never seen be fore. It cut him to the heart. His grief made him unjust. He began to pace the room in a sort of fury. "What did you mean by it?" he cried again. "Had you no sense of honor left ? no instinct of your own dignity ?" And his eyes brimmed over with tears, and be stooped and took her hand, and kissed it with a tender respect which belied his words. " You would have done better if you had married me," said Antonio with a sigh. "I who went away because I thought it hope less, and, fool that I was, thought that I could not consent to follow in your train as so many others had done. I had rather you had died. O Angelica 1" he cried, in a tone of such true sorrowful part in her sorrow that Angel, who had been angry and cold and in dignant, now suddenly began to cry; and the tears did them both good, and washed away the bitterness of heart. Bnt all the same, for a long time they were separated. Antonio felt too deeply to be able to look on calmly, to meet John Jospph with patience. He could do no good ; he seemed to re-open her wounds by his sympathy. It was no nse that he should stay, so he felt. He went to Mr. Reynolds. It was somo comfort to rail at fate in the company of another who had suffered also in some measure. He asked Mr. Reynolds question upon question. Once he lost his temper, and flew out with a burst of anger at the calm demeanor of the unruffled master. " Forgive my importunity," he said,- recol- leoting himself with an effort ; "she is my deareet, oldest friend. I have been almost beside myself, and I ask myself, as if in a cruel dream, whether it can be true." "I -ata afraid it is too true," said Mr. Reynolds, gravely. "It is most unfortunate, most distressing." Antonio turned deadly pale and faint. His nerves were not of the same equal poise as the great painter's, and be could not face the ruin of bis friend's life -without the acutest physical suffering. "But; after all, this marriage, as lie calls it," he said, very slowly, "is perhaps, no marriage. Someone read the service, but the whole thing was an imposture." "Pardon me;" said Mr. Reynolds; "he had procured a licence." " Under a false name !" cried Zucchi. " Snrely that could not be legal ?" " tVe must have a lawyer's opinion," said Mr. Reynolds. "You may rely on me for leaving no stone uuturned to release lier ; only her consent is necessary, and this she absolutely refuses." " She is mad !" cried Zucchi. " "What docs she mean V " No one can deplore her strange infatu ation more than I do," said Mr. Reynolds, gravely. "She considers herself married, and refuses to be set free. I myself have tried iu vain to convince her of her mis take." Antonio gave an odd flashing glance at his companion ; then be hastily took leave and hurried away. Angelica considered herself married ; and nothing that anyone could say could disabuse her of this. " Perhups I am not married, but when I took those vows upon me I was sincere, otherwise what excuse should I have bad ? Xow let me at least fulfil that which I en gaged to do. 1 should not know one moment's peace if I weat against my feeling. As it is I have a certain peace — a feeling of self-respect, which helps me. I must make up to my father for all I have made him sutler, and I mast accept my life as it comes to me. Not the happiest lot, indeed, bnt a tolerable one compared to some," said Angel, taking Antonio's hand. "I have the bless ing of constant occupation. It wearies me at times, and I have sometimes enriod those whose life did not depend upon their toil ; but on the whole I would not have it other wise." As I think of my story, from an abstract point of view, I seem to see something liko a strong wind blowing and dispersing the clouds and vapors, and making way for the light. Angelica's dreams of love arc to he followed by the visions of art, of works of intelligent practice. Wo have seen Angelica in such saddened straits of late that it is a satisfaction to turn a page and And her in pleasant pastures again, and by still waters. It was evening, and they had all been sitting silently in the drawing room : Miss Reynolds in her corner by the window ; Lady Diana was working at the table; and Angelica — poor Angelica ! — she, too, had been at work, but her hands had fallen list lessly into her lap, and she sat watching the drops, the green lawn, with its little furnaces of geraniums. The water did not seem to ex tinguish these flames ; it seemed, on the contrary, to feed and stimulate their flres. The room was faded and becabineted, but Lady Diana had no spare money to refurnish : she had been content to leave it as sbe bad found it, with tbe great china pots of last summer's rose leaves, and other relics of its late possessors. It was Angelica who had plucked two jars full of china roses, and who had brought in a great burning gladiola busting from its stem. Its red head was reflected in the convex looking-glass. I don't know how long they had sat silent. The silence seemed to grow heavier and heavier as the minntes went by. Every thing seemed to make it worse. It had be gun, 5 as moat silences do, by a word, but left unsaid. " I hoped Lord Henry would have ridden over again jto sec us before this," said Miss Reynolds. "I don't know that we ladies are not better without him ; but he talked to Angelica of coming to see how we were all getting on." " I am sure he will oome," said Angelica, "for he prom - for he told me the last time " " What should he come for ?" said Lady Diana, quickly. She looked up so sternly and so abruptly that Angelica gave a little start. ' ' Why did you make him promise to come again ?" "It was his own proposal, not mine," said Angelica, wearily. "I want no company but that which I have," she said. Angelica could hardly have told you her self how the days went by at Durnton Manor. Tbe distant murmur of tbe sea reached tbcm from time to time, but the days wore green and atill and even in their progress. Twilights lengthened into dawns, dawns into mid-day ; but oven the mid-day glares came shadowed and softened through the clouding branches. On moat sides rose green hills, fringed and heaped with groon lmshc3. Here a cow would be grazing high in tbe air, it seemed, climbing over tho top of tbe elm trees. The blue smoke of some cottage chimney would be spiring from soma deener hollow, sureadint/. meltinc. vanish- ing delicately awny. Everything seemed subdued and mellowed. Tlio very tree stems were softly wound with ivy sprays. The old orchard walls were lined with lichen, as were the branches of the heavy fruit trees. The ponds lay clear, reflecting tho greens andgentlo blues and lilacs of the landscape. The bushes were overflowing with convol. vuluses flowering whits. It seemed to Ange lica like' a place hidden in the heart of a labyrinth to which they had como winding by green lanes. > , ;l .- Angelica felt so safe," so penecfnl here, far away from the world of doubt and sorrow in whicli she had been living so long. Did snch a world still exist 2 Yes, perhaps ; but not for her to-day. This place to her was but complete with beauty, with peaoe and comfort. Anything more startlingly beautiful might have been too difficult in hor worn aud exhausted state. Here by degrees a silent under standing seemed to have arisen be tween tho poor tired woman and the sweet inanimate world to which a kind fate had brought her for sympathy and comfort. In proportion to tho vory pain she ffiatl snf- fored now camo ease and peace, and a sense of it and of unspoken beauty. Alone here was not alone ; everything secmod too sweet and full of life, of natural affinities, of utter and completiug loveliness. Do Horn, as Hhe still called him to herself, had travelled far out of her life. Angelica had no interest or part in his world, and yet — it was diffi cult to explain, nor did she attempt to do so — a scene of strange feoliug to her henrt, a union beyond all that had seemed to separate them so far asunder. - She believed that with all his wrong and his lies, his low de ceit, he had loved herjtruly; and, thinking of this, she felt as if she had no need to for- give. Coming back across the field next day, with Lady Diana and her children, Angelica had met her father pottering in the autumn sunshine, and comiug slowly along the stubble path. He seemed in some excite ment ; ho told Angelica that Antonio bad been with bim at the manor. "He is staying at the village inn, my lady," said John Joseph; "he finds me changed, Angelica, greatly changed. Broken, my child, ill in mind aud body. He ! " "He lias seen the Ronomis" continued the old man: "Rosa is well and happy. Her husband has a good order. 0, my lady, what a loss little Rosa is in our house. Some day you will have to part with your darling ; but to part i3 happiness compared to leaving them alone unsheltered from the storm." They bad reached a little sunny bench arched with hawthorn, and mid-day shadows, where bronzed leaves and autumnal berries made a canopy against the rays. They all sat down to rest, facing wide fields and breathing the sunn)' and corn-scented air. The water sparkled, there camo a lowing of cows and glistening of soft Alderncy cows. A little baby bull was pawing the ground, and sending Hying clouds of dust into the air. The sunny lights were on tbe river that Hows into the sea hard by. The little houses aud gables gleamed across the waters. "My child," said the old man, "Antonio has brought us more letters from home ; he says there is a packet for you." He took her hand in his trembling brown grasp, and looked wistfully from beneath bis shaggy eyebrows. Silent, Angelica looked away, and her heart began to beat. Lndy Diana knew all now ; but she could find no words, only kind tokens of sympathy. Tbe corn was reaped, tiie wheat being housed, and Death, the reaper, was at work among tho sunny fields. Lady Di. thought of the'day when she had met Angelica outside the chapel door, she turned to look at her. Ten years were scarcely written ou her face, worn though it was with many lines, and many things written there now. Angelica did not at tempt to withdraw herself from their tender sympathy. She was very silent all the day; in the evening after dinner she wandered out iuto the garden. She went ou beyond the fields that led seawards. It was a west wind evening, wide with twilight the trees seemed to be throbbing with quiveriug shadow. Tho birds up in the black labyrinth of twigs sang no longer, but still chirped.to the faint skies. The water streaked across the twilight. Some lamp burning iu a dis tant village mingled its light with the evening rainbows. Wide, unreatful and yet tranquil were her thoughts, longing yet qui- escent ; grateful after the beating storm for a calm that wa3 not indifference. Was it possible? Could it be that hope had not died with her happiness? Could a new tender tranquility reach her still growing out of the many winters and summers of her life, as naturally as autumnal tints fall upon the heavy dusty foliage ? She went pacing on and on among shadows and twilights, past tho black stems of tho trees, across tho soft dim turfy fields. She went and came, and came and went again ; a lonely spirit, unreBtfuI, unquiet, and yet grasping the cnlm of hope not fulfilled perhaps, but realised, of love, not exclusively her own, but love nevertheless. To-night the possibility oome to her of a friendship more intimate, more tender than that which had always subsisted between herself and Zncchi. This was what her father had meant. This was what perhaps Antonio meant. It seemed strange and wayward now to refuse and to turn away from this home that seemed to open to her wandering spirit. And then, by the pathway leading from the honse came An tonio, looking for her, for his old playfellow and the companion of his youth. " Angelica, where are you ?" said Antonio, gravely. "They told me I might find you here. I have brought you a packet from home," he went on slowly. "With your father's letters from homo came this one, ad dressed to you," he put it into her hand, looking at her anxiously. He need not have been anxious. Sho was very pale, but no longer agitated. The parting was over, with its uneasy suspense ; dissolved into a strange evening peace, into a tranquility that was tender, sorrowful and full of reconciliation. The feeling seemed to spread and to grow more and more indefinite and intense. A star came out over the heads of these two weary people who had waited half their lives, and whose happiness was not over yet. As Angelica opened the packet, Antonio stood by her side. Jnside the paper was a small silken case, and inside the case a cameo ring, wrapped in a silver paper, upon which was written the word "Fare well." That was all ; but she knew the writing, and she knew tho ring. How well she remembered it ; two or three great tears fell from her eyes upon tbe little bead smil ing nnmoved in its diamond setting. " It is the ring be took from me at the ball. They have seut it back," sbe said. "0, Antonio, what a strange, sad, wasted dream of a life it has all been !" " It has been no dream," said Antonio, in his husky passionate voice, and ns he spoke he took the little ring out of her band. " Angelica, I think the ring has come back to you, " he said, "as a sign of your faith ful heart. Of that poor man's remorse and gratitude. Will you take it from me to-day? Will you let it be also sign of a love that is yours that has never changed?" He put his arm round her as ho spoke, and sho let her hand fall into his with the faith of one long tried, long wearied, reaching home at last. 1 1 all seemed part of that wondrous twi light, sad and harmonious as music plays on from one modulation to another. It was only Antonio who was telling her that she was free, free to peaceful bondage, froe to accept his tender care and domination ; and so the twilight mellowed and hushed and blessed two people who had passed the brightness of midday ; but who were young still, for they could hope and trust each other. Hore given to mo, by good friends, are the parchments signed by Zucchi, the marriago linos, the settlements writteD, and scaled, and witnessed by all these dead hands. An thony Zncchi and Angelica Kauffmann have signed in the presence of Robert Palmer and others, /. .« . ..»> >. . . i % . Chapter XXXI.' Ten years pass very slowly, very quickly too. Tho horizon widens, onr hopes grow fainter and more fixed, our possessions in crease, diffuse into distant points — posses sions that have waxed and grown and filled our hearts. Some have extinguished hopo in a reality far dearer than any visions, others die away. Ab time goes on we find out our narrow fetters, wo discover our gifts, we learn how much we can bear, how long we can wait, how much we can forgive, how much forgiveness wo need from others. Angelica had waited for ten years. To day she was coming back to Lowdenbam Court once more. Came back the same woman indeed, with tho same pre-ocoupa- tions that she had brought ten years before. She was older — that was all. She had been sorry and faithful and at work a little louger. Her pictures, alas ! were not won- ( dcrfully better, though now and then some happy view, some fortunate subject resulted in a charming work that did the worker credit. She bad her father still. Ho wore bis old cloak, that scarce looked shabbier. Sbe liad laid by a little money in all these years, and want was no longer at their door. Long, long ago she bad repaid tho money Lady Diana lent hor. Lndy Diana was now a poor woman, comparatively speaking, for her husband had many expensive tastes and long- accumulated debts, which, however, did not greatly affect tho happiness of a very united home. It was a real happiness to Angelica to see her friend. Some look of peaceful anima tion bad come into that pale face, some brightening of matcrinl pride into those two pale eyes. Lord Henry admired and re spected his wife's intellect, and was led by her completely. Her marriage was happier than that of her old friend and companion, Mrs. Darner. There are troubles in all estates, and Angel did not escape hers, with all tho help of friends and tho sympathy which camo to her. Ono painful incident we read of, which troubled her greatly at the time. Her father felt the circumstance more keenly for her than slip did for herself. "I would have answered yours immediately, but I was engaged in business," she writes to some one who was accused of having libelled her. " I cannot conceive why several gentlemen who have never deceived me should conspire to do so at this time ; and if they themselves were deceived, you cannot wonder that others should be deceived also, and take for satire that which you say was not intended. I was actuated not only by my particular feelings, but a respect for the art and artists, and persuade myself that you cannot think it a great sacrifice to remove a picture tbat bad even raised suspicion of disrespect to any person who never wished to offend you." Old John Joseph was indignaut almost beyond words. This incident added to bis old trouble about leaving her unprotected and alone. Even little Rosa Was gone now, for she married at seventeen, and tbe father and daughter were alone in the old house. It had been an old promise that they should spend some days with Lord Henry and Lndy Diana. Angelica had been de tained in London by ono thing and another, nud she and her father found themselves belated on the way. Tbe coach had set them down at the nearest market town, and now they came driving through the darkness, scarcely knowing whither they were going, through dim fragrances and lights vanishing and murmurs of once arching trees. The horses went slowly, stumbling up steep lanes blazing with stars. The great stars that night seemed dropping heavily from the high heavens, and flashing to meet tho cool dark, earth ; then from the lanes they camo into chillier regions, wild com mons, shivering with invigorating breezes. Angelica sat, half asleep, upon her coach box, watching tbe horses' drowsy progress, dimly absorbing the suggestions of the new country — the visions passing by. Those of her brain seemed almost more vivid than tbe realities, now tbat the last lights of sunset had died away beyond tho bills. Sbe was gone back to tbe past in some vague half- defined way ; somo vague call seemed to reach her now and then. When they stopped at last, they could hear the cool roar of a torrent below, and then Angelica woke up, aud John Joseph shivered and sighed. "Father, are you ill ?" sho said. " Is any. thing amiss ?" " What should bo amiss," said he, hastily, and as he spoke ho patted her hand. Ange lica thought his tone was strange ; lint tlicy hadstartedoff once more, and once more camo visions mingling with tho indistinct charm of the present, voices that sbe bad beard long ago seemed speaking and awakening her from one dim delicious dream to another. They seemed to bo journeying under a great torrent of stars, that swept tho heavens. Once or twice Angelica thought she could hoar the distant note of the sea sounding through all these vague night perfumes and mysteries. "Are you asleep, Angelica?" said old Kauffmann suddenly. " Are you warm my child — will you share my cloak ? I have — I have been dreaming," he said ; " givo me your band. Ab ! I can still hold it. Some day there will bo only the old cloak left to shield my child. Angelica, 1 long to be back in tbe tranquil old places, to bear the boms of the goatherds at Montegno. I think I conld live a little longer there, and, my child, I dread death. I do not fear to die," and be looked round at tbb groat starry night ; " but thou, who art so easily led, so ill able to judge— ah ! it breaks my heart to leave thee alone." "Dearest," said Angelica, "do not talk in this sad way. Do not fear for me. I know life now ; I kuow myself," sho said, a little thrilly. "There is Bonouii, that good fel low, to advise." "Bonomi," said old Kauffmann, "he only thinks of Rosa from six in the morning until sixteen at night. Bonomi is no companion for my Angelica. Y ou need a wiser, older man to rely upon ; ono mature in Bpirit, tried in affection, my child. Cannot you think of some ono whom we have known for long years, and tried and proved an honor able upright man ?" "Are yon speaking of Antonio?" said Angelica, quietly. They had reached tho end of the hill ; a great sight of stars and purple blackness seemed to overfiood beyond the line of the horizon/ The driver climbed his seat and cracked his whip ; the horses started at a swift gallop. "Father, Antonio is a pood friend, and I am his good friend." Again old Kauffmann sighs and shifts uneasily ; something has been in his mind all day, which lie bus not yet had tbe courage to break to bis daughter. " I am afraid you are tired, father," said she. V "Tkoy will find me changed, greatly changed, Angelica," he answered, very dole, fully ; " broken in body, ill iu mind. Time was when a little journey sueh as this would not have wearied me. Time passes, quick comes an end to strength ; who will take care of you, my child?" he repeated, wist fully. "Hush, hush, dearest," said Angelica, putting her arms round him. "We shall soon be at our journey's end." "We are travelling to different places, Angelica," the old man said solemnly. " 1 think I could go to' my rest in peace if I could leave you in some good man's care." Otherwise I know not how to di« — that is the truth. Now, to leave you alone in this great world," and he looked about him at tbe night, the mysterious valley, the lightB twinkling in tho distance. "Ob, father," said Angelica, faltering ; "would it make you happy? bow can I marry ? You know it is impossible. You, who know"— she clung closer and closer to him. The thought of parting from him came for the first time with a bitter piercing pang that she could not escape. « y Old Kauffmann had worked himself up into one of his nervous states of agitation ; ho had not yet said all that was in his mind. " My child, I had not meant to toll you to night what I have heard," ho snid; "but why should I delay? sooner or later you must face a terrible memory." He took her hand. "You thin; yourself still bound," he said, solemnly. ' " That unfortunato man is no more. As I left home a letter came to mo from the village doctor who attended his last moments. It is signed by tbe priest. He is dead. A gastric complaint, compli- catod by symptoms of heart disease, carried him off after a few weeks' illness." Then the old man's voice failed, and he began to cry, nud it was Angelica's turn to soothe him. Ho was changed and broken, as ho had said. He began talking again rather excitedly about Italy, about his longing for warmth, for a little peace and ease before tbe end. "Let us go, father," said Angelica, ab sently. " Why should not we go ? " " How can you and I, an olcl man and a weak woman, go alono all tbat long way ? " cried John Joseph, pettishly. He scarcely knew what lie was saying, or what bis daughter answered. All tbe stars were sinking in the black sky, tbe shadows pass ing liko ghosts. All lier past was pressing upon her, suffocating her, with strange re action rolling up from tho shadowy plains, resounding with tho far-away moan of the sea. It seemed but that minute that she had parted from him, from the man whose ring she wore. " Dead, father?" she repeated. " Yes, he is dead at last, my child," John Joseph answered. " Ah !" she screamed, so strangely that tho driver looked back, think ing sho had called him. It was not grief she felt, it was not relief, it was scarcely emotion, it was a vivid awe-stricken sense of his presence. Time was not. She heard the voice, saw the dark-cut face with its rigid lines. It was a recognition — not a death, but a sudden life, after this long and faith ful separation. It was wonder and emo tion, and then a great burst of tears came at last to recall her to herself. They flowed as prayer unspoken for a little while. A few minutes more and they were pass ing through the old gates and fine 'avenues tbat led to Lowdenbam Manor. Then came tho dazzle of lights in tho hall, and the cordial voice of Lady Diana greeting the travellers ; hands to help them from their high perch ; wine, warmth, exclamations, how wearied they looked, what had hap pened ? "My dear creatures, you seem half dead, both of you," cries Lady Di. "Ange lica, is anything tho matter ?" "I have just bad some bad news," said Angelica, "which has moved mo very muoh." Lady Diana asked no more ; led her friend to her own room, kissed her, and left her in quiet, and then Angel shut the door, fas tened it close, and onee more tears came to her relief, and she sobbed as if hor heart would break. Some of her tears were grief, but others also flowed because grief was not. Grief was dead. It had died years bo- fore. Since the action by the Maryborough Hos- Dital authorities in the case of the man llcdge3, the collections of subscriptions have fallen oil' from £S0 per month to £50. At the Ballarat County Court ou Wednes day, Henry Fields, a Durham eabdrivcr, pro ceeded against Alfred Yates for malicious prosecution, iu having summoned him to the Ballarat East Police Court for obtaining goods by means of falso and fraudulent pre tences. The whole affair occurred over half a ton of potatoes. His Honor, to mark his disapproval of the defendant's conduct iu the matter, awarded, states the Coii? ie»',"tbe un- usually heavy damages of £100. 