? A BOMANGE. PART IL—LACHESIS. BOOK L—CINDERELLA. CHAPTER VL— Continued. BYB.E. FRANCILLON. AUTHOR OF "EABL'B DENE," "PKAKL AND EMERALD," " ZELDA'S FORTUNE," arc. But Fortune had, in her budget of caprices, at least one twist for which, even though he was seeking it, he was the least of all prepared. After pacing the empty guard-room for the bestpartof an hoar, revolving the chances of escape if the Iientenant-General should rove'a man of sense, planning them in case Ee should prove otherwise, and listening to the tread «-f the two sentries who, for full precaution, had been stationed outside, the door opened, and the same four ragged soldiers who had escorte'd him appeared again, conducting another prisoner. Before he fairly saw her he knew who had come. The door closed again. " OJympia!" Why did she not come at once to his arms? He, in one moment, had forgotten even where they were. He had not died, and the lost was found. And yet—ahe only drew back towards the door. He moved towards her—she held out both her hands, as if to keep him at aim's length, and then, letting down her veil, made him the grandest of curtseys. "Senpr Francis," Bhe said, "pray forgive me for naving given you so much trouble! I suppose you will now go back to Buenos Ayres? Give my love to my father, and tell him that I had found another way to escape Santa Fe than marrying you. He will understand. When I tell yon that I am married, you will forgive me, I am sure. There—our comedy is over, and now we will be aB good friends lis you please." He swung round on his heel and turned away without a word. The comedy was over, and the tragedy had begun. No doubt she was incapable of comprehending the wound she gave: all is fair in love, and laughter is the privilege of winners. What pity could she feel for the dolt-lover in her drama, who had thus let himself be made her father's tool ? Such love as his had been was not included in the shallows of her philosophy. But, fool as he may have been in her magnificent eyes, that even now could not retrain from making the most of themselves, be was not such a fool as to protest and plead. He was hardly conscious of another visit from another soldier, who said to her with a bow, "The Lieutenant-Generai permits the passage of yourself and your husband," and who conducted her from the guard-room. He was hardly more conscious when he himself was marched by an absurdly strong force to a house proclaimed by the bustle round it and the flag above it to be the head-quarters of the Lieutenant-Generai. He knew, however, that he was brought into the presence of a handsome, oliwecomplexioned man, who looked the only soldier in his own army, and who asked shortly and at once, "What is your name "John Francis," he answered like a machine. " Whence come you ?" "From England." "Have you papers ?" "No." " Your bnsiness here ?" "To enlist in the Army of Liberty." And so the heir to the Earldom of Wendale, under the name of John Francis, became a penniless and desperate volunteer in the service of the Bepublic of New Granada. Less than ever had he the thought or the means of writing home. His silence was not unnatural—it was inevitable: he had been outlawed by Fate, and he assumed,' in the depths of youthful despair and selfcontempt, that life and its "duties were nothing to him any more. War, as seen from the ranks, is itself a dream. He did his duty as a soldier among the miscellaneous army into which he had been thrown. But he lived morally, as well aB physically, from hand to mouth, and, as he never sought distinction, the merit of whatever he did was easily taken by other hands. Pride, the only invincible passion, forbade him to scramble with such comrades even for glory. He was present at the great Battles of Bojaca and Ayacucho, always as a private soldier, and, when peace came at last, was left a beggar upon the faoe of the world. Then, at last, when his fever had been cooled by such blood-letting, a passion of home-sickness came over him. He travelled on foot to Lima, and worked his way before the mast to Liverpool. Even then he did not write home. To whom should he write at the end of years and their changes ? What he had to tell must be told either by word of mouth, or not at alL Meanwhile, he, too, had been in Arcadia: and, if the heart had gone out of it, the eyes that had once ruled there still remained. Not even proved treachery can kill the ghost of Love—a ghost cannot be slain. Arrived in Eugland, he found that the reappearance of the lost Lord Calmont would be nothing less than a bombshell thrown into the great house at Beckfield. His fp.ther was dead—he did not dare to speculate how much or how little his own absence might have to do with the premature death of a strong man. His brother, by a decision of the House of Lords, was in possession cf the title and of the estates also —and, by way of crowning complication, was married and the father of a son and heir: there was a new Viscount Calmont as well as a new Earl of Wendale. Casuists may find scope for argument in deciding how far the late Lord Calmont and the true Earl of Wendale was or was not justified in making others suffer for his own folly. John Francis did not think twice about the matter. In that house, family affection had always been singularly strong. Be was not by nature ambitions; he was accustomed to a harder life than that of a labourer on his own estates, and he was not one to find consolation in a coronet. He had died to the satisfaction of everybody, even of the lawyers: and to remain dead was the best thing he could do for his own. He had made his bed and sown his field, and so must he reap and lie. The decision was not hard, for he never dreamed of coming to any other. But, though it was easy for a gentleman to be generous, it was not easy for a home-sick man to banish himself from home. If he could only have gono ones to Beckfield and openly prevailed npon his brother to accept his act of self-renunciation—but that was of course impossible. Judging others by himself, he put himself in his brother's place and answered himself in his own words. There was only one means of carrying out his scheme — the most guarded, the most rigid, the most consistent silence. Of course he must take as strong a vow against marriage as if he had been a monk—but that was nothing. He yearned for Beckfield, not for its possession. The only compromise he darc£l permit himself' was to remain in England, where he might take an unsuspected interest in the family fortune* while remaining himself uuseenandunkno wa. Tor a livelihood he could turn to advantage the talent for art that he had inherited through many generations of Calments and had long practiced as an amateur—for recreation, there was London. So, finding his way to that Insatiable ocean, where he might lose biiriRplf more completely than among the prairies, he spent his mornings in doiAg such hackwork as ..a draughtsman in thos* days might find, .and his nights in gambling away what he had earned during the day. His friends in the 'Army- of Liberty had gambled like demons of play: and even the most heartbroken must pass the time. The pieces of a broken heart hare always been admirably fit to make dice of, when they 'an fit for nothing else in the worid. . To have experienced what he had experienced and to live as hiB had lived upon nothing stronger than water would have been the only inconsistency of which man is absolutely incapable. His. daily work, his nightly excitement, his want of-purpose, hut war" with memory, his solitude, all called for the Arch- Comforter—the'Unholy Spirit who obeys no Fade Retro. But, .if trath liesia a well, another proverb gives authority for holding that well'tO be a well' of wine. ' It was thus that once, under circumstances that need no colouring,' John Francis the gambler became Francis the forger, whom we once met on the road from Weyport Gaol. Truth, looking up from her well, bade him m that unguarded "and penniless moment draw a cheque in favour of a luckier player ujjpn;* Bank that would gladly have honoured it had all been known, and to sign it "-Calmont," as he had signed his cheques when sober in former daye. It was too late, however, to draw back now. He had enough self-respect left not to let the prospect of a gaol bully or frighten him into breaking a deliberate silence that he had hitherto kept in spite of every imaginable temptation. There was no attempt at heroism or consciousness of martyrdom in letting himself be convicted as a forger for a slip of his pen into truth: He was Btill gentleman enough not to betray his trust, though self-imposed, to save his own paltry reputation. It mattered nothing what became of a man with no friends. But to come forward and toy "I am Lord Wendale, who proclaim that I have been leading the life of a blackguard, and who now destroy the moral rights of others acknowledged by myself for years in order to save myself from getting my deserts"'—the thing was not te De done. But not even yet was the battle over. When sobered by the discipline of a prison, the temptation came back in a new guise. Age was falling upon him: the warmth of loyalty towards kinsmen whom he knew not was waning dull and dim. It was one thing to face an untried martyrdom boldly and with a young heart—it was another thing to face the world's and life's October, a martyr with all the thorns and without the crown. He felt an unutterable longing to lie down and rest, even with an uncared-for coronet for a pillow. What other pillar might he find? To choose between generosity aind wealth is less hard than to decide between generosity and ease. Then it was that the discharged convict, wandering along the bank of pebbles, threw one of them at the floating piece of sea-drift that seemed to represent himself, the relic of a human bark gone down. Should that symbol of resolution, a missile sent straight to its mark, strike tbe wood, he would keep his resolve—should it miss, he would yieldl Fate, to whom vows are made, is competent to release from vows. But Fate was inexorable —the sea-drift was struck fairly, as we know. It is sufficient honour to that he did not aim t* miss, and then call his failure the hand of Destiny. Then, committed to his vow of silence once more, not even the village spire of Gressford St. Mary, nnseiien for fourteen long years, not even its chimes, every note of which was a memory, could tempt him, eve& though for the sake of coming home again he sought in vain to become a day labourer in his own fields—though he took charity from his nephew and, out Of sheer hunger, was driven to steal a loaf of bread friom a tenant who would have left him to starve. He had Ids reward. When his own brother's son, for whom, though unknowing and unknown, he had chosen to give up even the came of an honest man, rode np in all the glory of youth and strength and beauty, the home- longing within him grew into -infinite tenderness. Though all the right-was on his side, and had he felt himBelf free in honour, his hand could never have thrust from Bayard's saddle the young .man who represented all that remained of his lost home. And when the same young man, alone out of all the world, held out his hand to the pauper felon—how his heart brimmed over with tears, how he henceforth vowed love and loyalty towards him to whom he gave far more than he could ever receive, who shall say? He thought himself grateful —as givers are wont to do. And now, here in the drawing-room of a stranger, in the portfolio of a school-girl, lay before him the phantom of the face that had been the fountain of all these things. Even as the Caliph, at-the angel's bidding, lived through all the events of a life of three score years and ten dnring the one moment oi plunging his face into a basin of water, 80 did all this history flash with revived life through the heart of him who was now called Forsyth before his sudden exclamation bad made Sirs. V. estwnod and her girls turn round. By the time the four pairs of eyes were upon him, the habit of silence had regained its power. The smothered exclamation had not left a tremor on his lips, and the quick light in his dull eyes had been unseen. "This is rather cleverly done," he said coldly. " I did not expect to find a brother artist in Gressford—a sister artist, I suppose I should say." "He is an artist, then," thought Mrs. Westwood, relieved at being able to place the old gentleman on his true social level, and thus to regulate her behaviour towards him accordingly. "I was sure he couldn't be one of the aristocracy. Oh yes, indeed," she said, with more ease than before, "that is one of Marian's. I was sure you would be suprised." " Miss Marian's ?" he asked doubtfully and disappointedly. " Is it possible" "Let me see it," said the great connoisseur. " Yes — very good, very good indeed—excellent. Allow me to congratulate yon, Miss Marian. Forsyth's hard to please, and I'm harder still." But he, too, spoke coldly. It was not Marian's drawings that he had come to praise. The young lady blushed ; but then it would look so foolish to make explanations about a trumpery drawing, and her mother would not be best pleased by her saying, " It isn't mine, it is my cousin Olympia's." She had no opportunity. When, indeed, is there ever a good opportunity for confession in such cases, unless it is not found but made? A BUSHMAN'S DBATH.—The remains of a poor unfortunate man named 8aleman, lost- from. Warrow in January, were found lately a few miles from where be went astray. It is supposed that he must have been sunstruck, as hewas acquainted with the different waters in the district and could therefore wareely have died from thirst. THE LADY ALICE.—Tbe latest crushing at thie Barossa gold mine yielded 89 euneee. 