CARDINAL MANNING ON RATIONALISM. Cardinal Manning re -opened the church of St. Augustine, Manchester, which has been undergoing repairs and decoration. In the course of the sermon on ' Jesus Christ and.-Him crucified,' as the central doctrine Of the Catholic faith, he maintained that the Catholic Church was the one universal Church which was to give ' faith by hearing ' to the world, and hi proof that this was the true Church he pointed to the confusion, the contention, the contradictionj the wasting the perishing of everything separate from that one Church. He hedged his hear -rs to notice how other teachers, having lost their iuhererice in its unity aud sub mission to Divine authority, were tossed to and fro with every wind of man's i doctrine, until at last they were losing the truth of Jesus Christ and Him crucified^ Germany, he said, was the country fromi which the Reformation came, England was the disciple of Germany- How fared it with the teacher, and how was it faring with the learner ? In Germany there had been three periods or states of Christian belief in the last 300 years. In the beginning Lutberanism had set itself as pure and primitive Christianity in opposition to the Catholic faith, so highly dogmatic and doctrinal. It believed in consub stantiation and in absolution. aud in a multitude of other doctrines which it did not as yet reject. Little by little men found it impossible for beads to hang together without a thread,, and having denied the Divine authoritv unon which all truth rested. having broken the thread upon whicj all these jewels of Divine truth were strung, having denied the Divine authority of the Church, they began to lose aud to reject docttiue after doctrine, and men were criticising these doctrines,, denounc ing dogmatism as the authority of men, and describing dogma as the imposing on one man by the authority of another what he is to believe in Divine things. The second period on which they entered was characterised by a state of what was called Pietism. Men began to toss away doctrine. They kept Jesus Christ and Him crucified as the central aiid only truth j After a time of an interi.,)- piety and ao excit men t - i devoi ion, with less and legs ? of positive, belief, there ar--se up another, peoph: called: Rationalists. , They , said, ' wit ii L-reat justic',.' You have rejected dogni:' and we ; reject your emotions and jcu r devotions and your Pietism, which has no other foundation than your feeiiogs. You feel th is, but I :Hcn't ; you belie it, I »?on't believe, it.'.. This- was tlr^ beginning. - f. th- .third period,, of Rational ism, which. meant nothing more nor 1« ? than tha t men took their, own reason an.J made, it a.test.of.ir^tb, even in revelation — a measure by. which the .doctrines of Christianity, are to be tested, so that what it .received will ,.be - received, .and what it does not .receive will be rejected, Fipal. y, th * r- ason:.of man, was made the sout;cc and, fouji'ia'ion of everythin . That eyil. of nationalism prevailed in i Germany at this moment.- . Throughout the TThole of; what, was called .. the r Refor. mation.i.t had devoured and extinguished Christian faith in . great .multitude of . the Prussian nation, and. .the other States ia-. which the.. Reformation established itself, . to so great; an extent that we were told that not 2 per cent, of. the population of Berlin ever set. their feet in a; place of worship. - What had happened to the teacher he feared might happen to the. learner, and what had. tie- gun in Germany might pass, over into England; unless .men had the humility and the faith to .become the disciples of the Diviue. Teacher. . .Three , =hundred years ago, Parliament, by Royal author ity., set up & religion by law, ? which, was highly doctrinal and highly dogmatic in Episcopacy and the Sacraments, differing from, the Catholic Church in as few things as possible, but being torn from tlie unity of the Christian world - and from the authority of the Vicar of Jesus Christ, . For one hundred years: that dogmatic religion . . . continued. ; ,Then came Pietism or Puritanism, an interior religion, resting upon .the feelings of. the heart. He spoke hot disparagingly . of that time. , He respected, the Puritans because they were in earnest, and because they revolted against empty and dead ? - forms — against keeping. ;up the belief in the Sacraments when, the grace of the SacrPments was denied, and because they rejected the imitation of the Mass when belief in the Real Presence was denied, and for burning confessionals when belief in absolution had ceased: He respected that thorough resolute temper and spirit of those men, who believed, that .religion consisted iii communion mt-h God arid in belief of a Divine Master ; but what had followed? We. likewise had entered into a period of Rationalism. . He did not know to what extent it had spread among, the Nonconformists of this country. Some of their own members had assured him .that among their. youth it was spreading fast by means of German, literature. But he did know how far it was. spreading in the Cluirch of Englan l, and how it had made the University of Oxford almost its own. On every side there were ? books^ written professedly cm— Christianity, T~p'eliI5lfSte9 through and through with Ra ionalisni, aud that by members of the phurch of England. A high, authority', at least ui Manchester, had. said the. other day the foundation of all reasouable faith seemed to be in danger, an^, in- i'lustrating his remark, stated that the Vatican Council had invested the head of the Church with Divine attributes^ and had pra-- ticajly laid it down that the mind of the Chnrcli, and not -.Holy Scripture, was the work of God., This was Rationalism ;of the highest order. It was not necessarily a Divine attribute for a man as the head of the Church to be preserved from ei^pr* or that, he should receive ., perpetual assistance from the Spirit of Truth accord ing to the promise of God) whereby His Church should never err from that truth delivered to it. This talk abput Divine authority cams from a purely rationalistic conception of the nature, of Cnristiauity. To absolve sin was an . act of Divine authority, and yet the Church of England, in the Service f ,r the Visitation of the Sick, said our Lord left power with His Church to forgive sin. Would this authority,, on turning to his Boole of Prayer, say whether His. Church was invested with Divine attributes? And as f -r the mind, of the Church, that certainly was a. Scripture- — the . living intelligence of the . whole mystical body of Jesus Christ; ou which pu the day .of Pentecosty.the Holy Ghost inscribed the whole revel t.ion of God when there was not a. particle of the New Testament written.— ? ? ? 