THE LATE SIR ARTHDB BELP3. A short time ago the telegraph brought us ncwa of the death of Sir Arthur HelpB, K.G.B. — a man whose name has been a hniiRflhnld wnrd for the last nuartcr of a century, and whose writings have had a wider influence than many are perhaps aware of in forming the minds and directing tho thoughts of the present generation. Not that he was a singularly incisive nor in any other way a powerful writor. His worda are less frequently quoted than those of many of Lis contemporaries, who in some respects were his inferiors; but his thoughts have scattered good seed through the world, and produced mnch fruit. Be had not the wit of Sydney Smith, nor the logic of Mill, nor the eloquence of Macaulay ; yet he seems to have left his mark upon the age quite aa distinctly as any of these men. The first essay in one of his earliest books, 'Friends in Council,' is on ' Truth,' and the second is on ' Conformity,' in which he include* custom, fashion, and all that they involve; and in these two essays may be seen the desires which seem to have be come the aim of his life. He has laboured indefatigably and unceasingly to clear away the obstacles and overgrowth which obscure and conceal truth. He has attacked many of our moat deep-seated pre. judices; and he has earnestly Btriven to set free English thought from those restraints imposed by habit, by custom, and by circum* stances, which at one time made our country* men the laughing-stock of foreigners, and effectually insulated our people from the sympathy of the other nations of Europe. For this task he was singularly well fitted by nature and education. Gifted with an active) and original mind he seemed to take nothing for granted. Every opinion he advocated was carefully weighed, looked at in different lights, isolated from all artificial or accidental supports, and thus made to stand clearly forth upon its own merits. All the various objec* tions which could be urged against itf he put into the mouths of the friends who form the pleasant council of three, after* wards increased in number, which gave the name to one of his pleasantest books. Thus he presented the same idea from three different points of view, or rather as seen thiiough three different media— the shrewd practical Elleamere, the poetical Milverton, and the plain matter-of-fact warm-hearted Dunsford. In the conversation upon the essay on 'Fiction' is the following :faWe, told by Milverton, which we quote, not s* much si s- specimen'of the author as to show what appears to us the special tendency of his mind:— ' . ' There *a« a gathering together of creatures hurtful and terrible to man to name their king. Blight, mildew, darkness, mighty waves, fierce winds, will-'o-the-wieps, and thadowa of grim objects told fearfully their doings and preferred their claims, none prevailing. But when evening came on a thin mist curled itself up derisively amidst the assemblage, snd said, * I gather round a man going to hia own home over paths made by hia daily footstepa; and he becomes at once belplefls and tame as a child. The lights, meant to aatist him, then betray. You find him wan deling, or need the aid of other terrors to subdue / 1 . ^ him. I am alone confusion to him.' And all . the assemblage bowed before the miat and mvie H king , and set it on the brow of many a moun tain, where, when it is not doing evil, it may be seen to this day.' It is this 'thin mist' which Helps eet himself to dissipate, and no one can read one of his books without feeling his mind cleared by the pro cess. The fable just cited shows in a remarkable way both the strength and the weakness of the writer, his power of seizing upon a great trnth and idealizing it, and the want of imagination, or perhaps of artistic skill, which, by a redundancy of irrelevant detail, tends to destroy the very image he has just created. This is possibly the cause of the uncertain hold which some of his finest thoughts seem to have upon the mind, 'Blight, darkness, mighty waves, and fierce winds' are appreciable terrors, bat by personifying ' mildew' and ' the shadows of grim objects,' the author only weakens the paHsage. Again, although the 'thin mist' ably vindicates his claim to sovereignty, and all the other terrors rightly bow before him, when they proceed to set him 'on the brow of many a moun tain,' his kingship at once evaporates, and we are disposed to fear that between so many uncomfortable seats he will surely fall to the ground. Helps had an imagination capable of soaring to a great height, but it had not that sustained power which is necessary for sublimity. It is like the rise of the lark rather than the majestic course of the eagle. He seems to have dis covered this himself. In his later works there is no attempt at lofty flights; the style flows on easily and pleasantly. It is always' earnest, but often makes many a winding torn round and about the point before reach ing it. At the same time it is enlivened by quaint sparkles of humour, that rise like the bubbles in a clear stream — flash for a moment and are gone. Even the ' Thoughts upon Government,' a book in which .he con centrates the wisdom acquired by being so long a looker-on at State conclaves — first in the position of Private Secretary to a Cabinet Minister, and afterwards as Clerk of the Privy Council, is written so simply and modestly— we might almost say so playfully — that the reader is apt to undervalue it. When Partridge, in Fielding's novel, went to see Garrick's Hamlet, he could not per ceive anything to admire in it. 'Why, man,' he said to his friend, 'I could act as well as he myself. I am sure if I had Been a ghost I should have looked in the very same manner and done just as he did. . . . The king for my money ! He speaks his words distinctly, and half as loud again as the other.' Helps conceals his art by its perfection just as Garrick did. '' There is no pretence about him, and in this work especially he so care fully prepares the way for all his argu ments and suggestions that we feel as if they had arisen in our own minds, and as if he were merely giving words to our thoughts. He has always urged the necessity for culti vating the art of expression. He says, 'It is an art in which an observant man may go on improving to the end of his life,' and he has certainly done this himself. If we compare the manner of his earlier and later works, this is very striking, while if we compare the matter we do not recognise the same improvement. In ' Friends in Council,' 'Companions of my Solitude,' and ' Organization in Daily life,' there is a freshness and originality in the ideas which we sometimes miss in his later writings. We muBt confess to finding 'Bealmah' rather dull, and 'Caaimir Jfaremma' very improbable; and we own to getting a little tired of Elleamere and his companions. Bel pa's earlier works seem to contain, or at least to promise all the best thoughts of his later ones, and it is interesting to observe their growth. For example, in the conversation upon the essay on 'Conformity1, in 'Friends in Council' Ellesmere says: 'Why do people unreasonably conform? Because they fear unreasonable interference. War, I say, is interference on a small scale compared with the interference of private life.' In 'Companions of my Solitude ' he imagines the possibility of 'moving for returns . . . .' of the amount of suffering produced by various causes, and says of these conformities : — 'Tested by these perfect returns . . . perhaps our everyday ehaving, severe shirt collars and other ridiculous garments are equivalent to a great European war once in seven years, and we should find that women's stays did about as much harm, t.e., caused as as much suffering! as an occasional pestilence say, for instance, the cholera. . . . Perhaps that the love, said to be inherent in the softer sex, of having the last word, causes as much mischief as all the tornadoes of the tropics; or that the vexations inflicted by servants on their masters by assuring them that such and such duties did cot belosg to their place is equivalent to all the sufferings that have been caused by mad dogs since the world began.' This is a curious instance of the growth and spreading out of an idea ; but Helps's ideas are full of life. They have grown not in his own mind only, bnt in other minds; and if we could trace back many of the improvements of modern times to their sources they would probably be found in one of his unpretending little books. At all events we have got rid of the 'shaving' and 'severe shirt collars.' 'Women's stays' are not so easily disposed of, yet we venture to say they are doomed. As to the 'last word,' women most be angels before they will give up that. Is it not the privilege of the sex? They will sacrifice life, honour, happiness for the man they love, but the last word! Ask any* thing but that ! Helps was essentially a practical man. In bis last book, 'Social Pressure,' as well as m ' Thoughts upon Government,' he takes the British Constitution as it is, with all its minutiae, and points out little sources of evil, and how they may be got rid of. He was, .as he himself has said, not a Reformer, but an Improver. His was the very anti* thesis of the French intellect. He projects do grand schemes for the reconstruc tion of society, but offera valuable suggestions for making the best of things as .they are, and to utilizing instead of destroying the work of our ancestors. Such, for example, are his pro* posals to establish permanent Parliamentary Committees to deal with the special subjects* of which they know most; and his plan for making the care of public health, which Franklin happily said is also public wealth — a special department, independent of local Boards and local parsimony, with a permanent Minister at its head. There could hardly be a greater contrast in their modes of dealing with the same subject than is afforded by Helps and MilL There is as much difference in their books on Government as between a treatise on geo graphy and a mannal on navigation. Mill goes into principles, Helps into practice. Again, there is a similar difference between his writings on social question* and those of Carlyle; not that we would for a moment think of claiming for our author the depth of Carlyle. The one writer sounds the abjBS of human wrong, the other deals only with our everyday actions. With all Carlyle's far-seeing wisdom he is a revolu tionist in all his tendencies. He shows up the hollowness and shams of society, and we rise from his books with a feeling of hopeless despair. Helps, on the contrary, fills us with hope. He bids us put this straight, set that right, finds a safe path over the hollow places, and beckons us to follow. And could there be a 'return' of the good effected by the two writers, we doubt whether we should not find the practical work of the more cheerful writer outweigh that of his great contemporary. His light and playful wisdom reaches more minds. It is much to make virtue seem possible and wisdom agreeable. Carlyle provides strong meats, and forces them upon us. Helps has not so much to give, but it is flavoured so agreeably and served so pleasantly that we enjoy and make the most of every morsel. Perhaps without Carlyle we should never have had Helps. His views of life show the silver lining of the lurid clouds which the Bage of Chelsea delighted to paint, while his wisdom is always prac tical, though often quaintly put. We quote a few of his brief but pregnant sayings, although they lose wofully by removal from their settings : — 'Knowledge is gained by toO, and truth, and leve, and self- restraint.' ' The true strategy in attacking any vice is by putting in a virtue to counteract it; in attacking any evil thought by putting in a good thought to meet it.' '? If you would be loved as a companion, avoid unnecessary criticUm on those with whom you live. .... It would be hard for a man to live with another who waa always criticising his actions, even if it were kindly and just criticism. It would be like living between the glasses of a microscope.' 'No man is securely loved except by those who know his foibles.' 'The philosophers of each age are equally foolish; the common people gradually increase in wisdom.' 'Bow exactly proportioned to a man's igno rance of the subject is the noise he makes about it at a public meeting. '* There is a secret belief amongst some men that God is displeased with man s happiness, and in consequence they slink about creation ashamed and afraid to enjoy anything.' 'Those who depend wholly on companionship are the wont companions.' Helps has written histories, and written them well. HiB fondneeB for 'the odds and ends of knowledge' comes in pleasantly, but his enthusiasm for details appears to us to lessen his power as an historian. He is beat as an essayist, and as an essayist upon social problems. There is scarcely one that he has not touched. He urged the higher edu cation of women when it was little thought of. He gave prominence to the planting of parks for the people, and his chapter upon what he was the first to call 'The Great Sin of Great Cities' is one of the moat powerful and suggestive that has ever been written upon that painful subject. The book in which this occurs — 'Companions of My Solitude' — is of all his works our greatest favourite, although possibly surpassed in usefulness by ' Organization in Daily life,' and in vigour by his last production, ' Social Pressure.' To revert in conclusion to a previous contrast we might say that while Carlyle has been the prophet of the age, warning it of unsuspected dangers, and pro claiming the existence of countless rocks and shoals in the broad ocean of life, Helps is the busy pilot who comes to our aid in the narrow seas, and who, although he cannot fathom the outer depths, will guide us safely into port if we only trust to Mb counsels. 