BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING, Fodhth Day. The Chairman gave out a hymn, the Secretary read a portion of Scripture, and the Bev. C. Tresise engaged in prayer. The Pastors' reports of the spiritual state of their Circuits were read, and the meetiBg went into Committee to receive them. A lengthy and interesting discussion followed, in which Revs. J. Hancock, O. Lake, J. Thome, J. Book, J. Stoyel. B. Kelly, 0. Tresise, T. McNeil, W. H. Hosking, and Messrs. W. Kadford, and J. Symons took part. The following resolution was then adopted : — ' That in reviewing the spiritual state of the district we fell there is reason for humility before God. Whilst there is a delightful unify among the ministers, harmony prevailing in the Societies, sweet seasons of blessings have been realised by us in the preach ing oi we vvora, many sinners nave oeeu con verted, sixty-four persons have been added to the number of our Society, yet we feel we have not reached the point we desire. We had hoped for larger accessions to the Church, and there are complaints in some directions of the neglect of the Lord's Supper and other social means of grape, and consequent barrenness ef soul, so that we fed. earnestly to pray for a baptism of the Holy Ghost, and the power sent down from heaven, and from our hearts still cry we, ' O Lord, revive thy work.'' This subject occupied the 'whole of the morning. Mr. J. Osborne, who has labored successfully during the past year, was received as a candidate for the 'minis- try. A communication was received from the Primitive Methodist District Meeting concern ing the sale of Graf ers Chapel, and a reply was sent. A Committee, consisting of the Bevs. J. Hancock, J. Trewin, O. Tresise, and J. Thome, Dr. Campbell, and Mr. Symons, was appointed to draw up a scheme for the education of eli gible young men for the ministry, and to report on the subject on Monday morning. Fifth Dat. On the motion of Bev. J. Kook the following resolution of sympathy with Bev. T. Allen, whose present state of health necessitates at least a year's rest, was recorded — ' That we learn with pain of mind on medical authority that Bro. Thomas Alleu's health has so seriously failed that, immediate and entire rest from ministerial labor is necessary. We assure our dear brother of our deep and warm sympathy with him in his severe affliction, and we hope and pray that through the Divine blessing on the means used for his restoration to health he nay soon be perfectly restored, and resume his wsrk amongst us.' After many expressions of regret at the affliction of Mr. Allen it was unanimously decided that he have a year's rest with a view to the recovery, of his health. Kapunda Circuit asked that an extraminlster be appointed, salary guaranteed. One to be sent if possible. The Northern Areas asked for at least one more. Another to be sent if pos sible. On Sunday sermons were preached in the Young-street Church to large and attentive congregations — in the morning and evening by the1 Bev. W. H. Hosken, a deputation from Victoria. He took for his text in the morning I. John it, 5, 6, 7; and at night Psalm oxxvi., 5, 6. The sermons were clear expositions of divine truth, and were rich, in thought, apt in illustration, and eloquently delivered. In the afternoon the Bey. J. Baymont delivered from I. Timothy ii., 11, a deeply interesting and an appropriate sermon. 