THE MERCURY. WEDNESDAY MORNING, FEB.- 2, 1875. The annual report of the Minister of Public Instruction of Victoria for the year 1873-4 has just been issued, and may be regarded as satisfactory in its general details. The relations subsisting between the department and the numerous boards of advice are reported to be in almost every instance of a corrliai and satisfactory nature, ' notwithstanding the fact that difficulties had occasionally arisen when the wishes of some of the boards could not be met without making concessions inconsistent with the Act, or when, through the pressure of other claims, it was found impossible to keep pace with their zeal in supplying the wants of their respective districts. Such an harmonious condition of affairs affords matter for warm congratulation, inasmuch as the successful working of the Act in great measure depends upon the good feeling and confidence existing between the department and the numerous local bodies. Previous to the retirement of the Hon. J. W. Stephen, a report was furnished in January, briefly stating the progress which had been made up to the end of the year 1873, so far as could be ascertained from the returns received up to that date. The report stated that the total number of children entered on the school roll during the year had been 206,602, with an average attendance during the entire year of 97,039, the highest attendance for- any one month having been 101,910 in September. The complete in turns since received show the numbers to have been 207,826 on the rolls, and 98,746 in average attendance. The returns for 1874, up to the end of May, so far as received, give an average attendance of 98,813 for the five months, the attendance for February having reached 104,115. Considering the checks caused to the average attendance by the prevalence of epidemic diseases, these figures may be regarded as highly satisfactory ; but the report expressly points to the fact that the average attendance has been further affected by the discontinuance' of the practice hitherto allowed of excluding from the average, and treating as holidays very wet days, and days on which the attendance was from any cause much reduced. In spite of these drawbacks the attendance in the schools is reported to be still increasing-a very significant argument in opposition to the crusade that has been entered into by a section of the Victorian community against the operation of the act. From a special return furnished by the teachers it was found that less than 16,000 of the scholars on the rolls of 1873 had been previously attend- ing private schools ; allowing this number, their average attendance would be about 8,000. So that comparing the returns for 1873 with those for 1874 there is an increase of about 56,000 on the rolls, and 24,000 in average attendance, derived from other sources than the private schools. The number of schools in operation at the close of last June was 1,113 and the number of distinct individual children who have received instruction is estimated at 181,131. By- way of set-off to this total satisfactory though it be there are 46,118 children of school age not returned as attending any school, thereby clearly demonstrating, as the report shrewdly observes, that it great deal remains to be effected before the educational requirements of the colony are adequately provided for. The daily average attendance for the year 1873 was 98,746, being 545 per cent, of the total number of distinct individual children enrolled, and as the schools were open during 231 days in the, year, the average number of days on which each child attended was 120, or 6 days more than the compulsory number. Few of the children are wholly untaught after they have passed the school ago, but many attend irregularly, and have been kept away from school continuously for long periods, either through the carelessness of their parents, or, prior to the enforcement of the compulsory clauses, through poverty. In estimating at what cost the system of free education can be maintained from year to year, and its relative cost as compared with the system which it has displaced, and with the systems in operation in the neighbouring Colonies, and in other countries whose requirements may be supposed nearly to resemble those of Victoria, it was thought most convenient to adopt the standard of the annual cost of each child in average daily attendance, excluding in all cases the cost of buildings, but including all other expenditure, whether defrayed from Government grants, from fees, or from taxes. Comparing the cost per child for the year 1873 with that for 1871 in Victoria, and also with the cost in the other Colonies and States specified in the following table, it will be seen that the expenditure under the free system (regard being had to the number of scholars under instruction is on a more economical scale than the old system of fees, and that it compares favourably with the cost in other places, especially when it is considered that in those of the United States, with which the comparison has been made, the schools are only open part of the year At by ? Cost of Instruction- per Child in Average Attendance. Colony or State. Victoria, 1871 .". Victoria, 1873 .. New South Wales South Australia. Queensland. Tasmania ..;..-.... Otago.'.... Massachusetts. Ohio . Pennsylvania T... Illinois. Connecticut. Ontario, Canada.. l! 07,233 0S.740 44,345 12.110 11,690 6,203 7,425 201,750 432,452 530,221 329,799 02,633 18s, For I el " £255,531 317,072 152,624 17,288 3ins 83,620,510 5,314,013 6,480,959 fi,9."»,M4 1,050,005 1.046,928' m s Exclusive of cost of management and inspection, h not given in the report j In immediate connection with the subject of the cost of instruction is that of the remuneration of teachers. In adjusting the salaries of its teachers the department frankly acknowledges that " at the outset it found itself face to face with a difficulty the extent of which has not been sufficiently recognised in the discussions on this subject." The department, therefore, wisely concluded that in order to ensure an efficient staff of instructors it was necessary to _ offer such inducements as would attract and ! retain persons of intelligence and capacity. It was resolved " to give the market value for the services required, because to do less would hazard failure of the system of education, and to do more would equally endanger success by imposing a burthen upon the resources of the colony, which it might be found difficult permanently to support. Under former systems teachers derived their incomes partly from State grants and partly from fees. The amount gained from the former source was distributed in amounts varying according to the classifica- tion of the recipients, but ranging within narrow limits ; the head teacher of a school containing one thousand scholars receiving no more from the State than the head teacher of one with one hundred scholars. The relative value of schools to the teachers employed in them depended principally upon the scale of fees levied, the facility with which such fees were collected, and the proportions in which they were distributed by the local committees between the head teacher, the assistants, and the current expenses of the school. " The result was that equivalent services were by no means remunerated by equivalent stipends. With teachers of equal qualifications, schools of equal size and importance varied in value often to the extent of one hundred per cent. In some schools an undue proportion of the fees went to the share of the head teacher, and in others the proportion assigned to the assistants left too little for the head teacher in some the fees were high and easily collected, and in others low, and if collected at all obtained only with labour and difficulty ; some teachers were making large incomes, others bare existence." The report mentions that the extent of the inequality which existed is strikingly brought out in the fact that under the present scale of payments which recognises the principle that appointments of equal responsibility shall be remunerated by equal payments no less an amount, in round numbers, than £25,000 has had to be transferred from those incomes which were in excess of the average for the particular services rendered to those which were in defect, before the just mean was reached. The scale of payments now adopted remunerates teachers according to their status in the service, the number of scholars under instruction, and the results of instruc- tion as tested by examination. The total losses sustained by teachers in consequence of the change, amount to ¡£26,775 14s. 7d. and the total gains to £24,871 4s. 2d. The following figures will show the comparative position of the teaching staff in Victoria and the neighbour ingcolonies:-Victoria-amount paidtoteachers, £287,136 ; per centage of total expenditure paid to teachers, 906, New South Wales amount paid to teachers, £131,362 ; percentage of total expenditure paid to teachers, 3093, South Australia amount paid to teachers, £32,324 ; per centage of total expenditure paid to teachers 88 -85. Queensland amount paid to teachers, £35,617 ; per centage of total expenditure paid to teachers, 89 41. Tasmania amount paid to teachers, £15,920 ; per centage of total expenditure paid to teachers, 2269. Otago-amount paid to teachers, £26,028 ; per centage of total expenditure paid to teachers, 3305. Thus it will be seen that the percentage of Tasmania tops all the Australian Colonies and if the sum expended by the Council of Education for scholarships which cannot be set down as she spent money-were included, the proportion would be much higher. Nearly the whole of the expenditure in Tasmania is paid to teachers. From time to time loud complaints, accompanied by tender grumbling, are raised against the Post Office authorities, either on the score of dilatoriness over officiousness, or wilful negligence ; whereas, in nine cases out of every ten, the real cause of complaint can be sheeted home to the complainant. This is particularly the case as regards the miscarriage of newspapers people can not, or will not, be dissuaded from belief that Post Office employes possess a constitutional leaning towards the appropriation of other people's broad sheets ; while in point of fact, the safe delivery of the journal wholly and solely rests with the sender -a great amount of laziness or a large degree of stupidity, will inevitably guarantee its detention. Notwithstanding the repeated notices which have been issued by the department and made public through the press, hundreds of newspapers addressed to places abroad continue to be put in the post daily, bearing postage stamps insufficient in amount for their prepayment. As a matter of course, these papers are detained. Upon a great proportion of them less than a single rate of postage is prepaid ; others bear stamps equivalent in amount to one rate of postage only, although being above four ounces in weight they are liable to two, and occasionally, to three rates of postage. Newspapers for places abroad are also frequently stopped in consequence of being posted more than eight days after the date of publication. Persons sending newspapers of the last-named description would save themselves considerable disappointment and the authorities no slight inconvenience by recollecting that they can only be forwarded as book packets, and prepaid as such. SontKME Court There will be a sitting of the Supreme Court in its Small Debts Jurisdiction to.' morrow (Thursday,) before His Honor Mr. Justice Dobson. There are nine causes set down for hearing, but the following are the only ones in which notices of defence have been filed Dodds v. Parker, for work done as an attorney ; plaintiff will appear personally, Mr. R. Sargent for defendant. Harrington v. Wheatley for the value of a horse ; plaintiffs attornies, Messrs. Graves and Crisp ; defendant's attorney, Mr. Thomas Sheehy Dove v. Taylor, for the value of a horse ; plaintiffs' attorney, Mr. Thomas Sheehy ; defendant's attorney, Mr. R. J. Lucas. The Hutchins School The examination for three Newcastle Scholarships, tenable at the Hutchins School, was held last week. Five candidates presented themselves for the scholarship for boys under 12 years, and seven for the two vacant scholarships for boys over 12 years of age. Mr. James M. Clarke undertook the Mathematical portion of the examination, and Dr. Perkins and Mr. F. G. Howell were the examiners in the Classical and English subjects. The successful candidates were For the Junior Scholarship, Herbert M. Butler for the Senior, Algernon T. Creswell and Robert. McDowall. Visrroii's Guide The fifth edition of Thomas's Guide " between the mainland and the island, is announced to be published simultaneously with the opening of the Main Line Railway, connecting Hobart, Town and Launceston ; an event, the editor thinks, that will bring Tasmania to the fore in the other colonies, because a large sale of his shilling handbook will tend to increase the number of visitors. The new edition will he carefully revised, and a map will be added, showing the tracks of the railway of Tasmania. Mr. Thomas is now in Tasmania collecting information for the publication. New Town Wesleyan Sabbath Schools The fifteenth^annivesaryyof the. New, Town Wesleyan Sabbath School was celebrated by a tea and public meeting in the chapel, New Town, last evening. About 200 persons enjoyed a substantial tea provided by the ladies attending the chappel. After tea a public meeting, presided over by the Rev. N. Bennet, of Longford, was held. The rev. chairman addressed those present and called upon the Secretary, Mr. W. F. Cato, to read the annual report. That document stated there had been a considerable accession of scholars during the year just closed. Since the establishment of the school in 1859, 459 scholars had been admitted. During the past year 45 had been enrolled, and 37 discontinued! in consequence of removal to other schools &c.; There were at the present time upon the books 106 ; the average attendance being 60. The number of teachers in the school at present was two male and eight female ; the insufficiency of male teachers greatly affected the satisfactory working of the school. A hope was expressed that the young men of New Town would come forward and assist. A library had been instituted, and was greatly appreciated by the scholars. Mr. Cato then read the financial statement, which showed the receipts to have been £42 14s. 4d., and the' expenditure 236 15s. 11d. ; leaving a balance in hand of £6 8s. 5d. This satisfactory statement was received with great applause. The Revs. T. E. O. Mell, and D. Parry delivered congratulatory addresses ; after which the Rev. J. Graham, pastor of the chapel, proposed a vote of thanks to the ladies for their kind assistance at the tea meeting to the ministers for delivering sermons on the past Sabbath, and attending and addressing a public meeting and to the Committee of the Sabbath school. The motion was seconded by Mr. Joseph Cato, and unanimously carried. A vote of thanks was accorded by acclamation to the Rev. chairman on the motion of the Rev. J. Graham, seconded by Rev. D. Parry. After singing the doxology the meeting terminated. Masonic meeting, of the members of the Tasmanian Operative Lodge (345) will be held at the Freemasons' Hall at half-past seven o'clock this evening. Visiting brethren are requested to attend. Mdlle. Jenny Clause It is notified in our business columns that Mdlle. Jenny Claus, the celebrated violinist, purposes giving two grand recitals in Hobart Town, prior to her departure for America. Mdlle. Claus has just finished a most successful season in Melbourne, where her extraordinary powers as an instrumentalist always commanded admiration and applause. Mdlle. Claus will be accompanied by Mons. Rekel, who has received flattering testimony as a pianist of high merit. Further particulars will appear in to-morrow's issue. " The Ghost. "-An unfounded rumour has been current that a certain case heard at the Police Court yesterday morning, had arisen out of or had some connection with the late, but now vanished ghost. Actuated by this idea, a good many persons yesterday paid a visit to the court, during the bearing of what after all turned out to be a mere case of very earthly and human "spree" and row without a particle of anything ghostly or spiritual in it, except, perhaps, the peculiar spirits, which assisted in raising the squabble in question. Disgraceful Scene. - The residents of the usually quiet locality of Argyle- street (between Brisbane and Patrick-streets) were much disturbed by a disgraceful scene which was enacted last evening between 7 and 8 o'clock. For fully three quarters of an hour, this part of the street in question was thrown into great disorder by a man who appeared to be very much under the influence of liquor. After finishing a short set to with another individual, this would-be pugilistic aspirant - to Sayer's fame, coolly challenged to fight any person present, and indeed stated that he was able to lick" any man in Tasmania his own weight. This not meeting with any response from the great number of women and children present, this modern " member of the ring " was, after some difficulty, removed from the scene, but only to make stands at short intervals further up the street, where he l case wed his previous offers. He was at last removed to a neighbouring inn, not a great distance from the corner of Patrick-street and the locality in question assumed its wonted serenity. Although the disturbance lasted for nearly an hour, we need hardly repeat the stereotyped question, " Where were the police ? " Excursion to New Norfolk At nine o'clock this morning the excursion steamer Monarch will leave the Franklin Wharf on a pleasure trip to New Norfolk. To the residents of Hobart 'Cou in such an announcement will contain nothing smattering of novelty, the beautiful scenery of the River Derwent between the metropolis, and the picturesque village mentioned being almost as familiar as " household words ;" but our visitors from the sister colonies should not allow the opportunity to slip. The early hour at which the vessel leaves Hobart Town allows opportunity to excursionists to visit the hop grounds now in full bearing and also the Salmon Ponds. The Monarch will leave New Norfolk, on her return trip at 4 o'clock p.m. Exportation of Stock By the ss. City of Hobart, that left yesterday, for Sydney, Mr. Gibson shipped for Mr. O De Satge, of Queensland, a hand- some chestnut steeplechaser. The horse was bred by Mr. Joseph Greaves, of Green Ponds. By the same vessel Mr. Burbury forwarded live Devon cows, whose splendid condition attracted a great deal of attention. CEDAR FROM THE. DAINTREE RIVER. Out of the first shipment of cedar from the Daintree River, Queensland, into Sydney, Mr. H. F. Armstrong, of the Franklin Wharf, purchased ten logs and transhipped the same on board the brig Fairy Rook, that arrived here the other day. Several of the logs were landed yesterday, and were inspected by various persons, who pronounced the timber to be the best colonial cedar they had ever seen, fat excelling that brought from the Richmond River. One of the logs measured twelve feet in girth. Sale of Valuable City Property The successful tenderer for the purchase of the valuable premises in Elizabeth-street, occupied by Mr. L. Pearson, was Mr. Henry Hopkins, the amount being £3,100. New South Wales Exhibition.-Thisevent will take place at Sydney on 6th April, Thanks to Mr. Edward Moore, jun., of Sorell, Tasmanian stock will be represented by the two well-known Clydesdale entries, Lothian Lad (an imported horse, by Champion) t and Break of Day (by Sir Colin Campbell). ' Both animals were shipped on board the steamer City of Hobart that left yesterday for Sydney. r Spring Bay Regatta. - It will be seen by a notice in another column that the date of holding the annual regatta has been postponed from St. Patrick's Day to Easter Monday, the 29th of March. The programme will shortly be published. Derwent Rowing CLun. The annual meeting of members will be held at the Bird- in-Hand Hotel, Argyle-street, at half-past seven o'olock this evening. Clarence and Muddy Plains Races. Accep- tances for the Waterloo Handicap, and Handicap Hurdle Race, will close at six o'clock this evening, at the Horse and Jockey Hotel, Rokeby. insufficiently Stamped. - Mr. G. Lowe, Brown-street., Camperdown, Sydney. Mr isles. - A New Zealand contemporary remarks : " The great prevalence of measles in Victoria at present has caused a large amount of attention to be drawn to the subject. A theory has been broached that the disease is of vegetable origin, caused by a minute fungus which grows upon oat-straw in certain conditions of the atmosphere. The fungus has been scraped off the straw, and people inoculated with it, when a disease characteristic of the measles has, been produced. The experiments made in America have shown that such vaccination has acted as a preventive to those vaccinated. It is concluded that those who use straw beds, the straw of which is seldom changed, or who have bedrooms into which the sun seldom or never enters, are those most liable to the measles." Betting Ladies in Evolanii.-TIi« London and China Express says that the practice of betting among the women of the Upper Ten Thousand has largely increased of late, and has now become so prevalent as to become a serious evil. Married ladies freely lay their "ponies," unmarried win their ''monkeys" on coming events. There is scarcely a household in Belgravia in which this practice has not intruded, and it has been produc- tive of an amount of financial embarrassment and domestic trouble little suspected by the outer world. Ladies make it a point to meet their debts of honour ; as one of them epigrammatically observed, " she pays her debts before she pays the baker, and thus confiding husbands find that their household expenses have been twice discharged. In consequence of the extravagant betting of the Be- female members two titled families are now living in economical style at Rome. Another View of Funereal Solemnity Now Vorn paper has this It would appear as if some New Yorkers were making fools of themselves in the solemn matter of funerals. Doubtless some among us recollect the funeral ceremonies of a young man at the residence of his parents on Fifth Avenue a few years ago, when 3000 dollars worth of floral decorations were used, a prima donna sang and a well- known professional officiated at the organ. That memorable funeral, however, has been eclipsed by one that occurred in town not long ago. The deceased had been conspicuous in a certain kind of society, and was a very lovely girl. The coffin was placed on a platform in the parlor, draped with black velvet and jet. The flowers exhibited cost nearly 3000 dollars, and a chorus was sung by hired vocalists. On either side of the coffin stood four young girls dressed in white, each holding a wreath of flowers. While the minister prayed, a bell was tolled in the hall-way, and a chant was indulged in by the hired vocalists. The Recent Wesleyan Conference. - The Melbourne Age says :-" Strange rumors are afloat about the real reasons which actuated the members of the Wesleyan Conference in not only excluding reporters from their sittings, but in keeping the proceedings which took place within the closed doors as secret as possible from the public. It is stated that something like a schism is about to take place amongst the connexion. One of the cardinal points in their discipline is that no minister should remain for more than a certain time three years we believe is the maximum-in any locality. While the whole of Australia was managed by one conference, little or no practical inconvenience was experienced by the observance of this law. A minister who had been successful in such a town or Ballarat or Geelong was moved to another of similar importance Hobart Town or Brisbane, for example while men of the greatest ability were kept in, some one of the larger capitals : Melbourne, Sydney, or Adelaide. But now that Wesleyan Victoria is separate from and independent of its neighbours, such interchanges of pulpits are impossible. A minister selected for his talents and character as the fit person to have the charge of a large and important congregation can only be transferred to a place of inferior importance and emolument. It is not remarkable that such removals are most unpopular with a portion of the clerical element. It is stated that at the recent conference several Wesleyan clergymen protested against being sent to the backwoods, and that more than one minister flatly refused to go. The strong feeling expressed at the recent conference may possibly lead to a modification in what has previously been regarded as an essential principle of Methodism, or it may even result in the secession of certain preachers from the general body." 