passed in the early days of the colony pur porting to -effect this object, bat from inhe rent defects and other causes it has become, to all intents and purposes, obsolete. The necessity for such legislation mean while has increased rather than diminished. The more general adoption of sheep-keeping as a part of ordinary farm, industry has a practical bearing on this point. Where a number of farmers have small flocks of sheep there is constant liability for them to stray or get mixed, and bo if a proper system of identifi cation is not adopted endless bickerings may be caused, while to persons so disposed an easy way would be opened for dishonest practices. The same evils would occur more or less with regard to great cattle, although there would not be the same difficulty in identi fication so far as farmers' stock is concerned. The question, however, is one ia which the ! quarters are largely interested as well as farmers, and they are equally entitled to pro lection. On a large run the stock are fr2 qnently many miles away from any residence and consequently great facility is afforded for thtft with very little chance of detection unless means exist for identifying either the beasts or their skins, as the case may be. Although we may not have been so noto riously afflicted as some of the neighbouring colonies by the cattle- stealing plague, there has been quite enough, to call for remedial action, and the formation of Protsctioa Societies in the South-Eastern District strongly confirms that assertion. In Queens land for some years past there has been a Branding Act in force, and the result has I roved a great boon to cattle- owners. In New South Wales the subject has for some time engaged attention, and, inspired by the example of the sister colony, a new Bill is about to be submitted to Parliament. The matter is not . ' less importance to South Australia, where the attention of stock holders has also been directed to it. On the 4th of June, 1S74, they held a meeting, and appointed a Sub-Committee to wait upon the Government. The result was the prepara tion of a Bill, which, it is understood, will be introduced early in. the coming session. Its tendency will be to assimilate the provi eions of the law to those in force in the neighbouring colonies, while in one respect it goes further by taking earmarks into consi deration in the case of sheep. Those prac tically acquainted with the matter will see that no legislation can be effective in this eminently sheep-rearing country which relies entirely on paint-brands upon a sheep's body. It is proposed that earmarks shall be registered just the same as brands, and owners will not, it is to be presumed, be allowed to have several earmarks, as they frequently do at present, to mark the sheep of various paddocks or different kinds or ages. For a few years inconvenience might flow from such a provision, although that could be easily remedied; but the result in the end will be undoubtedly beneficial to etockowners as a class. The main points of the proposed enact ment will be the same as those of the New South Wales Bill, namely, compulsory registration of brands, a single brand for each owner, and vigilant inspection to see that cattle are branded according to law. No Act can be effective without this provi sion, the absence of which has been and is the cause of failure in much of our legisla tion. Of course there is included provision for the registration of slaughterhouses, the keepers of which, as also purchasers of green hides, are required to make entries of every skin, and also to preserve the same— in the first case for fourteen days, in the second for forty-eight hours— so as to afford means of identification. The Bame brands are in future to be used for both horses and horned cattle, although possibly a difference in size may be allowed. In Queensland a code of brands is fixed, each brand consisting of two letters and a numeral. By this means an endless variety of distinctive Tnarlra ig ensured — the brands bexni* much more likely to be legible than many of the eccentric combinations of dots, half-circles, and other symbols of ownership which are now in use here. In New South Wales all police-troopers and stock-inspectors are to be Inspectors of Brands, and the Chief Inspector of Stock will be Registrar of Brands and have the general oversight of the system. Whenever a brand is registered it will be gazetted, and the Brand Directory will in legal procedure be primd facie evi dence as to ownership. This alone in cases we have known would have secured the punishment of offenders against whom there was no lack of evidence except upon the g£und of ownership. The New South Wales Bill is very likely to be passed, and the attention of our own Legislature may well be directed to the same subject during the coming session. The Condemned Pkisoxer Sjteyd.— We have not felt it necessary hitherto to say anything by way of comment upon the case of the prisoner Sneyd, now lying under sentence of death. The facts presented in the evidence given at the inquest, published some three weeks ago, disclosed what ap peared to be such a gross case of deliberate murder that one felt there was no alternative for the Jury but to find the accused guilty, and that the Executive could not do other than allow the law to take its course. Letters we have lately received, however, suggest extenuating circumstances, to which we feel it requisite, at all events, to call atten tion. Unfortunately enough, no report of the proceedings at the trial before the Chief Justice at Kobe seems to have been taken for publication, and consequently the public have to rely mainly for their impressions in reference to the case upon the depositions at the inquest to which we have referred. We do not doubt for a moment that at the trial fall weight was given to everything advanced in favour of Sneyd, but whether the cirenm stances that have been brought under our notice were urged in explanation of his brutal conduct we cannot say. Two correspondents inform us that the prisoner has for some time harboured a conviction of his wife's infidelity, and that this re'duced him to a state verging upon insanity, even if he did not cross the border line. We do not suggest that this circum stance, even placing upon it the greatest stress that it will pos-b/y bear, renders the prisoner a fit candidate for viceregal clemency, but the matter, if it has not already been enquired into, is worthy of investigation. We choose this method of referring to the question in preference to publishing the letters we have received, which might have been addressed to the Government with greater propriety than to a newspaper. Mb. Joubebt and thk Philadelphia Exhibition. — A few days ago, in remark ing upon the correspondence which has pJljed between the Victorian Exhibition Commissioners and the New South Wales Government respecting the Philadelphia Ex hibition, we referred to the singular terms in which Mr. Jules Joubert had reported upon a letter of Sir Redmond Barry to the Colonial Secretary in Sydney. Appearing as the report did as part of an evidently official correspondence which was stated to have been laid before the Legislative Assembly, we of course regarded it as a public docu ment, and in tr at character condemned it for the bad taste and rudeness it displayed. It is only fair to say that in a recent issue of the Argus Mr. Joubert has entered into an ex planation, which places the matter in a very different light from that which it bore at the time our remarks were penned. It appears that Mr. Jouberf s report coraisted of rough and hasty minutes which were forwarded to the Hon. J. Kobertson in a communication intended to be strictly private and confidential, and moreover that although they were awaiting presentation to the Bouse, neither it nor the documents to which it was appended had actually been laid before Parliament, when apparently a Government official, acting without authority, handed the correapondence to the Sydney Morning Herald for publication. This explanation of course thoroughly vindicates the Secretary of the Sydney Agricultural Society from the charge of wilful rudeness which has been levelled against him, as the freedom of expression which might be an impertinence in an official report bears a very different aspect when it occurs in hurriedly - written confidential memo randa. As to the narrowness of sentiment which his annotations on Sir Redmond Barry's letter evinced, we glean from Mr. Joubert's letter to the Argus that he was simply vindicating the claims of the San Francisco mail line as the route by which the exhibits from Sydney should be forwarded to Philadelphia. He protests that ' no man is more thoroughly wedded than he is to the idea that unity of action among the colonies is essential to the progress of Australia,' but heholds that in this particular movement each colony should send its exhibits by the route it thinks best, and that the co- operation should consist in all the Australian Commis sioners acting in unison at Philadelphia. With this view of the matter we heartily agree. Mr. Joubert has certainly been placed in an unfortunately false position by the improper publicity given to his report, and it is not surprising that he should nave requested the Government to institute an enquiry in order if possible to find out through whom it so irregularly got into the hands of the Press. Equity Court.— The Primary Judge will bit in Equity this morning. Cokgrfcational Union.— The annual meet ings of the Congregational Union and Home Mission will be commenced this evening in the North Adelaide Congregational Church. Philosophical Society.— At a meeting of this Society, to be held in the Institute Building this evening, Dr. Gosse will read a paper on 'Deep Drainsge.' The Rev. C. Manthobpk.— We learn tb't this esteemed minister of the Glenelg Congre gational Church has been granted twelve months' leave of absence, for the purpose of enaMing him to pay a visit to England, which it is hoped willrecruit his health. A testimonial is about to be pre sented to him, and a farewell meeting is to be held towards the end of this month. Mr. Man thorpe, who is to be accompanied by his son, leaves by the Aurora. Life Assurance. — Mr. Justice Stow ha vine resigned his seat as a member of the Local Board of Directors of the Australian Mutual Provident Society, the Hon. W. Morgan, M.L.C., has been appointed in his stead. All Saists' Chubch. — The bazaar iu aid of All Samts' Church, Htndmarsh, was closed on Saturday, the 17th, when the Hall was again densely crowded, and everything passed off very ?satisfactorily. The gross proceeds were about £140. Aged and Infirm Teachers.— At the weekly meeting of the Education Board, held on Monday, the 19th instant, Messrs. T. J. King, L. 0. Madley, L. S. Burton, and J. Millard, as a deputation from licensed teachers, brought under notice the want of a fund for the relief of aged and infirm teachers. The Board promised to carefully consider the matter and communi cate the result to the deputation. The Kjxg Wiuiam-street Fibr— Mr. J. M. Solomon, J.P., on Monday, April 19, held an investigation into the cause of the fire that took place on the previous Sunday morning in King William-street, whereby the premises and almost the entire stock of Mr. Duryea, phetographer, were destroyed, and property belonging to several other persons was damaged. A full report of the proceedings will be found in another column. As the Coroner remarked iu summing up, the matter is involved in mystery, and it is just possible that the fire might have resulted from the spontaneous combustion of chemicals used by Mr. Duryea in the prosecution of his business. During the course of the pro ceedings the Coroner several times checked spectators eager to put questions to witnesses, and stated his view of their position. Histoby of Australia anb Tasmania.— 'We learn from a Victorian paper that ' Mr. Marcm Clarke is engaged upon a work for the use of pupils in the State and other schools entitled 'The History of the Colonization and Settle ment of the Continent of Australia and the Island of Tasmania.' It will be written upon the model of Collier's Smaller ' History of Eng land,' and will be published subject to the ap* proval and revision of the Education Depart ment It will commence with the landing of Captain Cook at Botany Bay, and trace the history of the several Australian Colonies which followed upon the penal establishment at Sydney. It will be a simple narrative of facts, and be entirely free from local or party bias. It will, in fact, be a handbook of the history of Australasia— a description of work the want of which has long been felt and acknowledged.' ThbTheatre in Adelaide and Sydney.— The theatrical contributor of the Australasian, iu his Just weekly budget, says:-' A correspondent from Sydney 6ends mo reliable information to the effect that Mr. Samuel T^r had obtained a ^Jea»'fcaseof the site of the late Prince of Wales Theatre, which was in consequence to be rebuilt, and would be commenced immediately, so ss to be ready for opening by October or November next, Mr. Lazar to have the sole management. Mr. Lazar contemplated working it in conjunction with the Adelaide theatre, keeping the Sydney establishment going all the year and that in Adelaide about nine months. The same correspondent tells me that the Williamsons, at the Queen's, maintain their popularity without any falling off.' Melbourne Sailors' Home.— From a report in the Argvs of a recent meeting of the Com mittee of the Melbourne Sailors' Home we learn that ' with a view of forming a special and per manent fund.to be placed under the control of some recognised and responsible body, for the purpose of assisting Ehipwrecked seamen, and the widows and orphans of seamen belonging to the port of Melbourne, who had lost their Iive3 through shipwreck, the Superintendent was reqaerted to write by the ensuing English mail to the Secre taries of Societies now existing for that purpose in the United Kingdom, asking for all the infor mation he could obtain relating to the subject The earnest attention of the Committee has been drawn to this matter by the numerous ship wrecks and lamentable loss of life which have lately occurred on our costSj and left so many families unprovided for.' The Glejblg Beiebvss.— A meeting of the burgesses of Glenelg was held at the Lecture Ball on MoLday evening, April 19, Mr. Wigley. the Major, presiding, to consider the action of the Government in reference to the reserves. It was shown that land had bean bought and houses erected upon the faith of the frontages to Victoria, Althorpe, and Adelphi places having a reserve between them and the sea. It was pointed out how it was discovered that these reserves, which were supposed to be vested in the Corporation, were discovered to be Crown landi. and corre spondence which ensued with the Government was read. The result being unfavourable the meetiog had been called. It wai agreed that a deputation should wait on the Government to endeavour to induce then to alter their decision. Mb. Wobskop and the City Scavenging Contract.— In the article upon city scavenging which appeared in the Rtgitla- of April 19 we staled upon good authority that the Town Clerk tock part in the drafting of the specification which has proved so conspicuous a legal failure. From an explanation since made by Mr. Worsnop it appears that this point is hardly correct The Town Clerk drew a code of regula tions for the effective scavenging of the city, which wss adopted by the Council on February 10, 1874. These regulations subsequently formed the basis of the specification for the contract, but in the actual drafting of the agreement Mr. Worroop disclaims having bad any hand whatever. WnxuNGA Slate in Melbourne.— Messrs* W. f rain & Co., of Sandridge-road, Melbourne, have recently commenced the manufacture of mantelpieces, which are in appearance quite equal to the marble mantelpiece 3 now imported into the colony from Europe. As they are much cheaper and are not liable to damage in conse quence ef bad packing for the long voyage, they are likely to come into general use. They are made of very fine slate obtained from Willunga, South Australia, and having been cut to the re quired size and shape are polished and then painted — by means of an ingenious water bath — to represent different kinds of marble. They are then placed in an oven and submitted to a high temperature until the colours are well fixed. The articles are next taken out and sub mitted to an enamellm? process, which gives them a high polish, and again they are placed in the oven, where they remain for about eight hours. After this they are submitted to a final polishing process, and after again being placed in the oven for a short time are ready for the showrooms. These mantelpieces are enamelled to represent all kinds of rxarble, and, unless by close inspection, the imitation cannot be dis cerned. Those representing black marble are the most difficult to make, as they require six hours longer in the oven. The plan of enamel ling is a secret with the firm, but the result has met with the approval of all experienced men who have seen the articles produced. Although Messrs. Train & Co. have only been manufac turing the mantelpieces about four months they have found the demand for them increase to such an extent that they have decided upon erecting machinery for cutting and polishing the pieces of slate required in the manufacture. At praent the work is all done by hand, but this is not found to be rapid enough, and an exten sion of the works and appliances has therefore been found necessary.— Argus. ' The Principles of the Society of Friends. —An interesting, concise, and eloquent exposi tion of the principles of the Society of Friends, 'commonly called Quakers,' was given in Sydaey recently, by Mr. J. J. Dimond, a member of the deputation from the Society at home. The Eerald reports: — 'Mr. Dimond began by referring to the reasons which had led to his being appointed, together with Mr. Beck and Mr. Wright, to visit the Friends in these colonies — to draw stOl closer the bonds of love and brotherly affection— and commenced to treat his subject by referring to the popular errors entertained regarding the members of the Society. Among questions asked were— whether the Friends married like other people; whether they ate the same things as were eaten by others; and whether they ever laughed. Mr. Dimond then described the principles of the Friends where they agreed with the majority of prof easing Christians, including the redemption and salvation of fallen man through Christ, and the Divine authority and authenticity of the Scriptures. He next proceeded to refer to the points of difference from other Christians to be found in the principles of the Friends, beginning (after a passing reference to the woik of the Reformation) with the foundation of the Society about the year 1640 or 1645 by George Fox, who felt an individual sense of the pardon ing power of God through His Sob, and experienced a personal revelation of His grace, and who, meeting with others who had a similar experience, formed a small company to make it known to others. The growth of the Society was then described, as was also the origin of the title ' Quakers,' first used as a term of reproach. They held in substance (said Mr. Dimond) that believers were made partakers of Divine grace ; that all could enjoy immediate access to God the Father ; that there was no nead for the interces sion between man and God of a ceremonial priesthood ; and no necessity for a priesthood of human institution ; that all ha 1 an individual relationship to God, snd were equal in His sight; that silent prayers would be heard by God ; that speech was not absolutely neces sary to express our petition and thanks to Him ; that the Holy Ghost would teach them what to say when they met for Divine worship ; that God chose a succession of minister and that these should not (the Friends believed) be salaried ; and that women were eligible for this ministry. In continuing, Mr. Dimond said the Friends believed that the taking by Christ of the bread and wine in the Lords Supper typified the effects of the Holy Ghost, the recipients of which would neither 'hunger' nor * thirst;' and that the baptism after Christ's coming signified the baptism of the Holy Spirit In the latter part of his address, which throughout was very impressive, Mr. Dimond spoke of features in the principles of the Friends which were less strictly theological. The explanation regarding dress and language was explicit and apparent. The Quakers of the early days (said Mr. Dimond) adopted the simple dress of tbe common people of England, as well as their forms of expression, at a tiao when there was much foppery and ostentation in the dress of men as well as of women, and these they retained, until at length both dress and speech had become singular through the changes of yeare. The Society in London had lately de cided that it had no testimony to bear to mere singularity, and that as dress had generally become plain and simple, there was no reason why they should in this respect distinguish them selves from their brethren in the world. Tha last points of distinction to which Mr. Dimond referred were the objections of Fiiends to war and to taking an oath, for both of which objec tions they had, they considered, sufficient scriptural authority. The meeting closed with piayer.' Payment of Members.— A potion in favour of payment of representatives in future Legisla tive Assemblies was recently moved in the Lower House of Now South Wales, but negatived. In reference to this subject ' Attieas,' in writing to the Leader, mentions an interesting fact He gars:— 'There is only one member of either House of Parliament in Victoria who has never drawn his pay. No matter whether rich or poor, Liberal or Conservative, backing the Ministry up or forming Her Majesty's Opposition, each man, with one honourable exception, has regularly taken hia £25 per month, and no doubt would continue to do so if the amount was halved or doubled. Some save their consciences by saying they mean to give their pay to the promotion of religious or charitable objects, but we appear to have only one publio man who can withstand the delicious sensation of putting his finger into the public purse.' An Aerolite. — Mr. B. Maas reports to the Border Watch having seen a very fine aerolite on Thursday at Gambierton. When returning home along North- terrace he was suddenly startled by a loud explosion, and presently by a luminous appearance as if several fires had suddenly sprung up around him. Immediately after a very brillant aerolite, apparently very close to the earth, and travelling parallel to it, passed overhead. It was travelling a little to the north of east, and was lost sight of among the trees in Mr. Canavan's paddock. It was apparently about a foot in diameter. It is stated that several persons heard an explosion at the time specified, but being indoor; had no idea of the cause of it. StodenDiaths at Walkebtotx— The, qtf et village of Walkerville has been the Bcaneof two unusually rad cases of bareavement On Monday morning, the 12th instant, Mrs. Stacy, a young woman, was in her usual rather delicate health, when she was suddenly fcrized with a fit of toughing, and shortly afterwards expired. Great sympathy for the husband ?was felt by the neighbours, by' whom the couple were much respected, and four of the aost stalwart volunteered to bo the bearers of the deceased to the Cemetery next day. One of these was Mr. Samuel Barker, jun., eldest son of Mr. Barker, farmer and omnibus proprietor. On Tuesday Mr. Barker was in his customary robust health and at work in one of his father's fields, acd when within an hour of the time that he was to have rendered the friend in-need service to his bereaved neighbour he seems to have exerted himself to a slightly extra extent in order to finish a self-imposed task before leaving work. Suddenly he fell in a sort of swoon or fainting fit. The event was noticed by a neighbour, who ran to his aid. His wife, father, and others were soon on the spot, and he was carefully conveyed to his own house. Dr. Mclntyre was called in, but already one side had become paralysed and he gradually sank until Friday moraine, when he expired. Thus, a widow and two chil dren are left On Sunday the intarment took place in the village Cemetery. A Wesley an minister conducted the service at the grave, acd the hearse was preceded by about 60 Foresters, and a large number of the residents followed the mourning coaches, which contained immediate relatives; Adulteration of Milk.— Recent prosecu tions of milk-adulterators in Dublin show that offenders of this sort are severely dealt with ii Ireland. The Irish Times of January 8 reports : — ' Several dealers in milk were brought before the Magistrates yesterday charged with adultera tion. One escaped for a time upon a technical po-nt and four were convicted. One of the latter was fined £10, and ordered to pay £2 costs. The ' m'lk* which this worthy Eold to the public was diluted to tlie extent of 80 per cent with water. The most important prosecution was one directed by the Secretary of State for War. An outbreak of typhoid fever having occurred at the Military Prison, Arbour Hill, Dr. Tufnell directed that the quality of the milk and of the water supplied to the prisoners should be carefully observed. It turned out that the analysis of the milk was in fact aa analysis of water. Mr. Charles Byrne, of Island Bridge, was accordingly charged on the ground that he had, in violation of his contract, supplied milk adulterated to the extent of 100 per cent with water. Thi3 was really a very serious matter. Some months since an out break of typhoid fever in the most fashion able and wealthy quarters of London was dis tinctly traced to the water with which the milk had bees adulterated. Some valuable lives were sacrificed, and numerous families were afflicted with distress and anxiety of mind. It is not because a soldier is a prisoner that he is to be deprived of the aourishment allowed him, and half poisoned beside. The Magistrate marked his sense of the proceeding by fining Mr. Byrne £15, with £5 costs— the highest penalty the law at present allows. Stronger measures still are necessary, in the opinion of the Irish limes, to stop the adulteration of milk. 'Fines,' itob serves, 'no matter hew heavy they are, are always paid, whether by the culprit or others we cannot say; and it is quite clear that adulte ration cannot be effectually checked until the Magistrate is empowered to punish the adul terator by imprisonment with hard labour, without the option of a fine.' The Eastern Extension Australasia and China Telegraph Company.— The number of paid telegrams transmitted through this Com pany's cable from Port Darwin for the week ending Friday, April 16, was divided thus:— Sent from the Sent to the Colonies. Colonies. South Australia ? 11 - 14 Victoria ? 37 51 New South Wales ... 35 24 Queensland ? 4 5 Tasmania ... ... ... — 2 New Zealand ? 2 3 West Australia ? — 1 Totals ? oC 100 Grand total, 189. The Expedition to New Guinea.— The Melbourne Argus lately said:—' Mr. Macleay, of Sydney, is about to confer honour on himself, distinction to the colony to which he belongs, and, in all probability, great obligations upon the science of natural history, by fitting out at his own expense a scientific expedition for the exploration of New Guinea. Originally forming part of this continent, as there is abundant reason to conclude from the similarity of the fauna and the vegetation and the ahallowness of the sea which separate us, that magnificeat island is particularly rich in birds, woich Mr. Wallace describes as -being ' more numerous, more plentiful, and affording more new, curious, and elegant forms than those of any other island on the globe.' Mr. Macleay is fortunate in possessing the means of organizing and maintaining an expedition of this kind, and still more fortunate in being endowed with the taste and capacity for the formation of a museum of natural history such as tbat which he may reasonably hope to accumulate as the fruit and re ward of his tropical researches. When we see the second generation of Australians in New South Wales expending their wealth in the formation of libraries and picture galleries and in the pro secution of scientific enquiries, we feel justified in taking a hopeful view of the individuil aims and social life of those who in this colony will inherit hereafter the fortunes which are being laboriously built up by the men of the present generation.' The Melbourne Town Hall Organ.— The hospitable Mayor of Melbourne has recently complained to the Council over which he presides that the Town Hall organ is so out of repair that he cannot get a performer who values his reputa tion to play upon it for the benefit of His Worship's numerous gueet3. We learn from a Melbourne journal that 'a report on the Town Hall organ, forwarded to the Mayor by Mr. Plaisted, is anything but commendatory to the ' custodians of the instrument On several occa sions Mr. Plaisted has found its condition such that it was painful to use it The reed stops are out of tune and affected by the weather. Ihe solo organ on one day had not a note that would give its proper sound. On a recent occa sion there were 20 pipes that would not speak ind 28 notes out of tone. The lower B quaint pipe appears to be split The stops are many of them greatly out of order, and the composition pedal stiff. In fact, it is abundantly clear that until the organ has had a thorough overhaul it is next to useless, and this in face of the fact that the City Council pays a good round sum per annum for keeping it in good order.' Victorian Anglican Church Matters.— Ihe Age understands that it is contemplated in some quarters to ask Dr. Bromby's consent to bis being nominated as successor to Dr. Perry, Bishop of Melbourne. Where the matter has been mooted it bas been favourably received. Ihe Church Messenger states that letters have been received from Bishop Perry. His Lordship and Mrs. Perry were quite well, and were settled in London, where they expected to remain for lome time. Dr. Thornton's consecration was only delayed by the necessity of waiting for the certificate by the Australian Primate of the approval of the Bishops of his province, and for the signature of Sir William Stawell. Both these documents were sent by the February maD, and will therefore arrive in London early in April. It may therefore be hoped that the consecration may take place about the middle of that month, and that the Bishop may arrive before the end of June. Buhop Perry had just concluded hi3 sittings for a portrait, which has been painted at the instance of the contributors to the general testimonial, which the colonists belowtinz to several Protestant denominations have joined in. On its arrival in Melbourne the portrait is in tended to be presented to the Trustees nf the Public Picture Gallery. Theartist.Mr. H.Wetgall, appears to have been very successful in his work, as an eminent publishing house in London has requested and obtained permission to engrave th« picture, which it is intended to exhibit at the Royal Academy Exhibition in May next The Bishop is himself so much gratified with the portrait that he has commissioned the artist to paint for him a copy, which ha intends ti be queath to Trinity, Cambridge, his old college, to be handed over after the decease of two relatives ^Thb'Gothenbubg Fund and thb Melbourne COMMHTEE.— A recent issue of the Argus -pub- li-hcs the letter sent to us by tbe Secretaries of the Gothenburg Fund in Adelaide with Mr. W. H. Smith's communication asking for halp on bebaifcf the Victorian organization, remarking tbat a perusal of Mr. Smith's letter shows that his memory must be ttrangeiy defective. The Argvs expresses its belief that ' Mr. Smith wrote tbe letter above without the knowledge of the Melbourne Gothenburg Committee, to whom, as well as to the subscribers generally, Mr._ Smith now owes an immediate and full explanation.' 8ea Cubbents. — 'A more than ordinarily useful paper was read before the Royal Society of Victoria,' says the Melbourne Leader, 'advocating tbe importance of making a sys tematic observation of tbe varying currents that exist along the coast of Victoria, and to igno rance of which wo owe such disasters as the loss of tbn British Admiral. A better knowledge of the currents would make navigation both safer and less costly to visitors frequenting our shores, but this knowledge is not to be obtained without the expenditure of a good deal more trouble than is at present taken by shipmasters to observe and record the phenomena that pass under their notice. The log-book of the regular intercolonial trader might be made an invaluable instrument of observation if a little zeal was shown in the cause by those who are interested in the commerce of the port' A Cool Characteb.— The author of ' Talk on Change,' in a leading Melbourne weekly, sajs:— 'A visitor from a distant British dependency some time ago returned to the place from whence he came. In tbe hurry of leaving Melbourne, he omitted to discharge a tailor's bill of £8 and Borne Failings. Applied to by post for the amount, he responded by tbe last mail, that he would ' defer remitting for the present, as the rate of exchange was unfavourable.' ' A Congenial Couple. — 'Atticus,' in the Leadtr, informs us that ' the other day a clergy man near Pcrkes, New South Wales, was waited upon in the forenoon by a couple who desired to be married. The man, however, was so drunk that the clergyman declined to unite them, but in answer to the prayers and entreaties of the fa:r one he promised that if she could get him to sleep and keep him from drink he would undertake to make them happy before evening. With this understanding they parted, the lady promising that not another drop should pass her lover's lips till he was her liege lord. At the promised hour the clergyman called st the house, and was agreeably surprised af finding that the bride bad kept her word, and what the man was sober enough to be married. But when the lady appeared a fresh difficulty arose. She now was drunk, and in spite of all the bride groom could say the ceremony had to be again postponed. If taat couple have to pay a refresher to the parson every time they call him in their marriage will be an expensive affair before it's performed.' The Champion Race.— 'Augur,' in the last Australasian, thus endeavours to answer the enquiry— Where are the entries to come from for the Champion Race at the New Year?— 'My own impression is that the entry will number nearly, if not quite, 40 horses, and we'll see a dozen at the post Commencing with Mr. C. B. Fisher, we may expect to see Canterbury and The Painter representing him, with The Professor and another fiom the same stable; and remembering how much the weights are in favour of the three-year-olds, it is not too much to expect to see Mr. Hurtle Fisher nominate five of his young ones and the veteran Dagworth, who will have another trial, I hope. Then from Mr. Dakin's stable Mr. Samuel Gardiner will send Bullion, and perhaps Lurline, for with so many rich prizes to be won it is quite likely that he will be tempted to run the mare for another season^ Mr. Lloyd, I'm pleased to say, has determined to keep The Diver another year on the turf, and he and the recently-purchased Maribyrnong colt will represent the yellow, black, and white. Dr. Bathe, I presume, will nominate a couple, Lang two or three, and from St Albans we may expect to have three nomina tions, the same number from the Williatnstowu stable; and Calumny, whose form is little, if any thing, below that of Lurline, and two or three others will probably enter the list*. From New South Wales we may expect Sir Hercules Robin son to nominate three or four— Barbara, Valentia, Hyperion, and Kingsborough. Mr. Tait will nominate the Brown Duchess colt, Melbourne, and Goldsbrough ; Mr. De Mestre four or five of Mr. Charles Fisher's young ones, and perhaps Horatio; Mr. John Bales three or four; and Mr. Thomas Lee will surely enter Ringwood, the most promising of the young ones defeated at Randwick. Then we may look for nominations from Messrs. R. Rouse, A. Town, A. Loder, G. Hill, A. Bowman, W. F. Brown, and T. Ivory, who will all have threeyear olds, and therefore should not fail to nominate them fer such a stake. Messrs'. Bennett, Gilbert, Elder, and Gerrard will probably have a out in on behalf of South Australia, though I don't think the 7-lb. allowance to English and other horses bred north of the Equator will induce any of the cracks of the old country to put in an appearance ; for even if any English racing man were disposed to nominate he would not receive the programme sufficiently early to allow him to forward a nomiBatien to the Secretary of the V.R.C. Would it not be as well to extend the time for receipt of entries from England ? With the victories of Lurline and Calumny fresh in their memories the New Zealanders should send Templeton, Ngaro, Castaway, and some of the best of their three-year-olds; for even if not successful in the big race it is quite likely that their owners would have the satisfaction of seeing them victorious in events of lesser impor tance. Altogether, there is a glorious prospect for owners of good horses, and this Champion Race, if continued — which no doubt it will be — will have a powerful influence upon the leading racing men of Australia.' Barley after Wheat.— A statistical corre spondent of the London Times, after stating certain facts and figures concerning the harvests, suggests to English farmers the' propriety of sowing more barley of the finar kinds, especially after wheat on heavy soils. He knew of many instances last year where barley produced £12 per acre when wheat on the same farms did not return £7. Even the present season an extra crop of wheat will not, he declares, realize more money than an average crop of barley, 'although this will long be remembered as the year of wheat potatoes, and the comet.' Influx of Chinese.— The prospect of ft large amount of Chinese immigration to the Northern Gold-fields of Queensland has excited a strong feeling of alarm in that province. The matter was briefly referred to in a paragraph on Satur day. We now note on reference to the Brisbane Courier of Tuesday, April 6, that a public meet ing, attended by 40 or 50 gentlemen, has been held upon the subject From a perusal of the report of the proceedings it appears that the feeling of the gathering was unanimous, and that the arrival of the Chinese is viewed with dread. A Committee was formed to communicate with, and if necessary act in conjunction with and in support of the Government. One speaker feared that the Chinese would bring their gambling tables and ' their other abominations on to the gold-fields.' Another objection raised to the heathen Chinee was that he was not an honest worker, but simply reaped the fruit of other men's labours. The Friendly Societies of Victoria.— The following extract is taken from Mr. Hayter's re port to the Victorian Government :— The Lodges or Courts which made returns of the number of their members in the year 1873 wai 720, and the mean number of members returned was 44,602. At least 60 Lodges or Courts known to be in existence did not give the number of their members, and it may fairly be estimated that the total number of Lodges, 4c, in the colony is not less than 800, whilst there is strong reason to believe that the number of members of Friendly Societies amounts to at least 50,000. This being the case, and the number of dependents of each member being probably four on the average, it wculd follow that no less than 250,000 persons, or nearly a third of the population of the colony, are directly interested in the success and solvency of these Societies. All the inhabitants of the colony are directly interested in the prosperity of the Societies, for were they to cease to exist it is certain that the addi tional strain which would devolve upon the present charitable institutions could not be met without a large amount of additional assistance from the State, and it is at the same time possible that the cecessity of still further maasu-es for the rplief of the indigent wou'd force itss f upon the attention of the Legislature, 1 New M achinebt.— Af ew gentlemen interested ; in mining attended at Biyth- street on Monday afternoon, the 19th insf., to witnew a new gold dressing- machine recently erected thereby Mr. W. Pole, of this city, a gentleman of extensive experience in such matters, and one who has expended much time and enaigy in endeavouring to Eupply improved gold dressing apparatus. The appliance which is intended as a model -comprises four 1 cwt stampers, and is capable of crushing one ton of quartz iu from two to three hours. The object of the visit was not so much to see the machine in opera tion as to hear explained the process of preparation that the quartz goes through before ben? placed in the machine. It includes roasting the stone in a vertical furnace, and when sufficiently heated the stuff is let out into a bath containing certain chemicals, which have the effect of driving off the arsenic, sulphur, antimony, pyrites, and other foreign matters tbat would interfere with the perfect amalgama tion of the gold. The quartz thus prepared is then hubjected to crushing by the stampers, and is next amalgamated by means of an amalga mator of a new and peculiar construction, which is considered to do its work more thoroughly than any hitherto in use. The benefits claimed for the machine are cheapness ia cost and greater rapidity in working the ore, while much additional work can be got through, it being stated tbat ten times as much quartz can be ciushed in the same time as by ordinary machines, owing to the stone being rendered so brittle by the calcining and subsequent process. Added to these advantages it is believed that the new machite will prove much more efficient in extracting the whole of the gold on account of the perfect amalgamation that can be obtained. The apparatus was not in operation, there being no driving power attached. A very little expenditure, however, will suppljr that defi ciency, and altogether the machine can be supplied and erected at a comparatively small cost. Mr. Pole fully explained the mechanism and its effect He confidently believes that the appliances will realize the expectations formed. Should it answer it will prove invaluable to persons pro secuting mining operations, for it will enable such work to be carried on at a minimum of cost, while the great desideratum— that of saving the precious metal— will be secured. The gentle men present were gratified at what they saw; but of course greater satisfaction will be given when the machine ie seen in full work. Mr. Pole has patented his work in Melbourne, and intends doing so in Adelaide, after which a thorough trial will be made, and further inspec tion invited. A Homoeopathic Dose.— 'yEgles,' in the Aus tralasian, tells the following tale :— ' When the collector fer a homoeopathic dispensary called upon an allopath by mistake, the latter received his visitor with studied courtesy. Asking him to be seated, he sent for his cash-box, and after long search detected a silver threepenny-piece. Presenting this with great formality to the can vasser (who looked indignant), he accompanied it wiih, .' Homoeopathic, I think you said. We must carry out the infinitesimal principle in its integrity.' ' Measles. — A suggestion has been thrown out in the Melbourne papers by a medical writer, who professes to have made the subject of epidemics bis study, that the measles, which are so prevalent just bow, are duo to the habit of sleeping on straw beds or palliasses which have acquired the damp.rot through not being exposed to the air or sun-light. In confirmation of this theory it has been proved by scientific investigators in Europe that straw in such a con dition will give growth to a fungus, which, when inoculated into the blood, will produce a disease analogous to the measles, if not identical with them. Whether thi3 is the real solution of the problem which is vexing the profession and harassing so many households in the colony can only be verified by a more systematic enquiry than has yet been made. But the suggestion is sufficiently plausible to make it worth the while of materfamilias to pay attention to the lesson that it conveys. The measles, indeed, are only one form of the perils of contagion to which the community is liable, and of which typhoid fever is another. ? The causes of this latter malady are more easily traceable to defective sewerage, and the exposure of the filth and garbage which is inseparable from a system of surface-drainage, and it is to the Corporation more than to the doctors that we must look for the remedy.— Leader. [From yesterday's Evening Journal.} The Wreck of the Gothenburg.— Messrs. .W. R. Cave & Co. have courteously handed us a telegram from their agents at Brisbane, dated April 17, in which they state: — 'Are forwarding you some boxes wearing apparel from Gothenburg wreck recovered by diver, a portion being the property of the late Judge Wearing.' We have heard some enquiries as to what will become of the luggage of passengers and others which may be recovered from the wreck, and we presume that this message may be taken aa a sufficient answer. Some opportunity will no doubt be afforded to the friends of the deceased passen gers to identify relics which may have been brought to light Thb Rainfall. —The following tabulated statement shows the quantity of rain that fell between 9 a,m. on Saturday, and the same hour on Monday, April 19, at the undermen tioned places :— Blinman ? 0*380 Adelaide ? 0'100 Port Augusta... 0150 Willunga ? 0*070 Melrose ? 0-420 Port Elliot ... 0-092 Burra ? 1*030 Goolwa ? 0*070 Clare ? 0-060 Mount Barker.. 0*222 Port Wakefield 0*100 Strathalbyn ... 0*120 Blanchotown ... 0*140 Meningie ? 0050 Kapunda ? 0*030 Robe ? 0*070 Tanunda ... 0*030 Narracoorto ... 0*080 Gawler ? 0*040 Wentworth(Nsw) 0*075 Gumeracha ... 0*160 Examination of South-Eastern Teachers. — We learn from the local paper that on Friday, April 17, Dr. Jung, School Inspector, commenced in the Claravule National School an examination of schoolmasters who bad not undergone any examination previously, and of assistant and pupil teachers. We are further informed that 'sateen presented themselves, two of whom are at present sole conductors of schools, and eight pupil teachtrs. This is a more advanced examination than that to which the assistant and pupil teachers were previously subjected, and passing in it will entitle the successful to receive third-class certificates.' South-Eastern Weather. — The Border Watch of April 15, says— ' The weather during the week has been very favourable for the growth of vegetation. There have been several slight showers, and the weather has been warm and genial. Several more weeks of the same weather would be most serviceable.' A cor respondent of the same paper writes as follows regarding the Tatiara District :— ' I am led to understand that this is the worst season that the Tttiaraites have ever experienced. Sheep dying in all directions owing to the want of sufficient nourishment and water. The in habitants of Tatiara complain greatly that the mill has not started gristing yet, but I suppose Mr. Simpson has good reason for not doing so.' LEGISLATION ON CATTLE * BRANDING. It must be generally recognised that it . is the duty of the Government to protect the property of stockholders in common; with ' that of other classes of the community, and I it is equally clear that in order to do so a ! complete measure is required to regulate tho j branding of cattle. An Ordinance was^ 