THE MERCURY. MONDAY MORNING, MAY 31, 1875. That the pauper class in this Colony is much larger than it ought to be is a fact only too well known, and although that Scriptural assertion, which tells us that we shall always have the poor with us, has, in these days, become very much hackneyed, its literal accuracy may be accepted. Our pauper institutions cost us annually a tidy little sum and notwithstanding that the question has, we believe, received very careful consideration at the hands of those who have the management and control of these institutions, the way to diminish pauperism has not yet been made very clear. It is said that every man has a hobby of his own. though one man may , not be quite as demonstrative or as persistent in trying to get his friends to share it with him as another and it is pretty certain that there are as many hobbies about the way to diminish pauperism as about any other questions that affect the material welfare of a community. We need not stop to consider these ; no doubt some of them contain germs of merit, as, for instance, that of the rabid teetotaller, who labours under the idea that if the vending of intoxicating drinks were prohibited the effect on the crime and pauperism of a country would be marvellous. He con 1 gratulates himself that he has found the sole cause of these evils, and therefore, by a logical sequence, of which he makes the most, it is only necessary to remove that cause to remove its effect also. He has no idea of limitation ; he won't admit that there are other causes than the one he so ardently persists in declaring as the cause. And yet there is no doubt that it is so. ' There is nothing whatever to justify the oft-repeated assertion that the cause of pauperism is-drink any more than to say that the cause of crime is the same. It is one of the causes, and if it were removed there would be a proportionate diminution of the poverty-stricken class. But there is a vast amount of imposition in this world, and none know it better than those who have the task of administering charitable relief in this city. We know the outcry there has been for years respecting the large sum spent in that way-an outcry that was justifiable to a greater degree than perhaps was admitted. There were numbers of people who claimed as a right that they should receive eleemosynary aid at the hands of the State, on the grounds of humanity, the fact that they were members of the body politic, were living here, and could not be allowed to starve. That aid was formerly given in the shape of money 2s. 6d., 5s., 7s. 6d., or possibly 10s per week where there was a large family. Many of our readers will remember, however, that it was found the claimants for this, kind of relief were gradually growing more numerous. It was so easy and pleasant to go weekly and receive money that there is no doubt impostors increased, fraud and deception were practised to obscure the vision of the too prying eyes of inquiring officers and other persons, and pauperism was encouraged. The discovery of this fact led subsequently to an alteration by withdrawing the money grants and substituting an equivalent value in good wholesome food. The man who first suggested the idea of this change has a claim on the country, for he has saved it many thousands of pounds. We have the best authority for stating that there has been, since the alteration, a large decrease in the number of recipients of Government charitable- relief. It has come out that very many of those who used to receive their few shillings per week had no reasonable claim on the Government. They were poor, many of them, but they rather liked it as long as it enabled them to retain those appearances of poverty which entitled them to receive charitable aid., There were more impostors than even those who thought they knew all about it were aware of, but the offer of food offended their pride. There are few of us who have not seen a beggar turn away with the utmost disgust when, in reply to a query for sixpence, he was offered half a loaf of bread. The genuine pauper will be glad to take what he can get ; but the deceiver likes only money; and this has been forcibly proved in connection with the doling out of charitable aid in this city. No doubt, to some extent, the improved condition of the Colony has led to a better state of things with some families who were formerly glad to rely on the Government for support ; and we are only too glad to be able to say so ; but the substitu- tion of food for money has done the principal part of the work. There is every probability that within a very short period Tasmania will be visited by the " American Evangelists," Messrs. Moody and Sankey, who according to the latest English advices, were illuminating crammed houses in London, after having stumped the United Kingdom - on the revivalist ticket." After reading the published reports of these performances a mingled feeling of astonishment and pain cannot be avoided astonishment at the wild and blind enthusiasm by which thousands of people allow themselves to be controlled ; and pain at the inane and spurious quality of the delectation provided by the chief movers and performers at these so-called revival meetings, calculated, us such proceedings are, to bring the religion of the meek and lowly Founder of Christianity into contempt. For some time past, the movements of Messrs. Moody and Sankey in the old countries arrested public attention, and invited public criticism. Both these ends have been con- summated, though with different results, and a colonial) campaign is now pending, the South Australians having taken the initiative in the matter. The London season, we are told, opened at the Agricultural Hall, Islington which is reported to be the largest building in London, and is capable of seating 15,000 persons. " The hall was crowded in every part, so that the spectator, wherever he cast his eyes, saw nothing but a multitude of t faces eagerly turned towards the platform." Mr. Moody " is a tall burly man, with a jet black beard and moustache ; " Mr. Sankey " looks and speaks much more like an Englishman, than an American." The speaking is done by Mr. Moody, and Mr. Sankey leads the choir and people, accompanying himself and them,. on a harmonium. There is nothing remarkable in the past history of either of the men. Mr. Moody was engaged for a number of years as Sunday school teacher in Chicago, U.S at which place he was burned out about three years ago. According to the Bock it was in connection with Young Men's Christian Associa- tions that he first became known in England. Subsequently he left New York, accompanied by Mr. Sankey, and arrived at Newcastle, England, " when many men gathered to hear the word, and great interest was excited." There is nothing impressive or elevating in Mr. Moody's style of delivery, its most conspicuous feature being a manifestation of coarse feeling and irreverent language while treating of the most sacred subjects. The "style," however, is novel and unique ; therefore-, in these days of advanced enlightenment, it must prove tak- ing," and "paying." His utterances are an admixture of burlesque and spiritual quackery, abounding in vulgarity, cant, and impiety, remarkable only for penury of expression and audacity of conception. Afraid we might be accused of unjust criticism of Mr. Moody's de- liverances, we subjoin a portion of his address" at the Agricultural Hall, as reported by the London Daily News. He said :-" There's no ' new Gospel ; it's the old story. The world of to-day is, always running after something new ; but if you come here expecting novelty, I'll tell you you'll be disappointed. Their message was the same as that of these ministers (clergymen present and with us it is in weakness too for there's hundreds of men in London can preach better nor we can. What we want is to look right straight away from man, right straight up to God. If God's going to work in London, He must work in His own way, and all we're going to do is to work out channels for the Holy Ghost. God will take His choice of instruments and means. There's a mountain. God wants to thrash that mountain. Well, He don't take up an iron bar ; He catches hold of a little worm to thrash that mountain. When God was going to destroy the world, He did not warn a nation or the world, but a single man whom the nations held in contempt and jeered at .... . . Why, God's way of delivering the children of Israel was different altogether from what ours would have been. We'd have sent an army, or, if we'd been' going to send a single man, we'd not have chosen one who'd been forty years at the backside of the desert. But he sent a quiet, humble kind of man, one whom we'd call, I suppose, a stuttering man, and He said tell them I am. ' That was a blank cheque which he was to fill in by-and-by with water from the rock and manna in the desert. The man whom God works with most is always considered by the world the greatest fool. Enoch wasnt a bright man to the world, but God said, 'Come up here, Enoch.' Noah was the laughing-stock of his day. Look at Joshua, going tramping round the walls of Jericho blowing in horne-the most absurd thing in the eyes of the world downright ridiculous. Why, what would the English Press have to say of such a crazy-like proceeding? Fancy the Archbishop of Canterbury trapesing round London blowing horns ! He'd have had golden horn anyhow. Look at Samson-how he worked with the jaw-bone of an ass ; he slew a thousand men. We don't like to go to work with the jaw-bone of an ass ; we'd prefer polished weapons. But if we are to be in earnest, wears grub up the first jaw-bone of an ass we chance on, and use it for God. . . . Look at the seeming absurdity of a raven sent to feed the prophet, and then the, prophet sent for food, not to a palace with well-furnished tables, but to a poor widow, and she with a child." This cant and driver was brought to a termination by the "Great Evangelist" informing those present that in all ages God had used seemingly weak human instruments; and expressing wonder, " He don't take the job out of our hands, and give the work to angels. . . . i With pulpit and pew together, Christianity should be like a red-hot ball rolling over the world, against which nothing can stand." This style of address might, with justice, be expected from a " converted Bendigo " appeal- ing to the rugged sympathies of an audience impatient of bursting into an melodious ',' Hallelujah chorus j" but when we find that not only clergymen of almost every denomina- tion were present, but also men of culture and refined tastes, we are puzzled to find satisfactory explanation. Perhaps the explanation can be found in the novelty of " a first appearance ;" it being stated by the Morning Post that at subsequent meetings there were not so many persons present as on the opening night by several thousands. Yet, it must be borne in mind that the above extract is a genuine sample of the theology that one, of the Australian Colonies has already guaranteed the sum of £1,000 to be privileged to listen to. 