KANGAROO CREEK. [niOSt OUll OWN COmtESl'ONDKNT.1 AuuusT 2.-I stated1 in my Inst lotter that tlio peti- tion sent to Sydney from herc, about getting a bridgo ovor tho Urara, bad most likuly been treated with contempt, but I was.wrong-for it now appears that tho petition never loft this district, ami what seems most strango about tho matter is, no ono knows what became ot it. Some uro of opinion that it was cremated, but the general belief is that it committed suicido by dropping through ono of tho holes in tho old bridge. One old gentleman informed me that on crossing tho bridgo ono night, not long since, hu heard some awful groans, and that bu was ccrtnin it was tho ghost uf tho petition ; another pious old gentle- man hos told mo that ho went lately on a mission to convert .tho up-country heathens, and that on cross- ing tho old bridge his hmso stumbled, and hu un- fortunately lost his umbrella ; owing tu thu loss of that article hu failed to convert a few very wicked old pagans who aro living in a part of this district, hut ho is determined to coimnonco un action against tho Government for his loss. 1 havo been given to under- stand that if over tho petition is found again thero will bo a grand picture painted in honour of thu ovent. Tho subject of thc picture is to bunn inflntcd umbrella, with tho petition on tho top and " rcsur gam" written over it; when finished it will ho pre- sented to tho village uf Hypocrisy, where it will bo hung in the templo of Discord, and will thora remain as a memorial of tho onorgy and push of tho people of this district. And now it is tuno for me to tura from thc ridiculous to tho serious part of this busi- ness. 1 gravely ask will thora bo nothing done with this old bridgo until serious loss of Iifu takes place. The people of Grafton and Armidale uro as much interested in this subject as tho people hero, and.I think they ought to moko a united effort to got some- thing done in tho matter. 1 lately mot six men, travelling from Armidale to Grafton, and they in- formed mo that they had boen detained three days at thc old bridge, although tho water was only ono foot over tho planking ; and on ono of their party attempt- ing to cross, his horse fell through tho planking, and hu was precipitated into tho river-had no not been a powerful swimmer ho must havo been drowned. It is surprising that mora nccidonts do not happen at this dangerous crossing. I havo been informed that I have written something which lins displeased sumo of tho ladies of this place. If such is thu case, I humbly beg their ladyships' pardon ; to our simple, respectable young women I need make no axiology, for neither I or anyone clsu can say anything wrong about thom. Hut tho aris- tocracy and nobility of this district aro so far (in their own estimation) nbnvo tho common respectable por- tion of tho community, thnt when tiley make a mistake, now and then, we Uko to have a laugh at thom. Hut one thing I cnn nsstiro our peera and peeresses of this place, that it was nut for them that 1 over appealed for schools ; but for tho children of respectable people, who do not claim to bo descended from lords or admirals. THE I.ATK Mn. STIIATFOHII, BASK MANAUEII. Tho S M. lierait/, July 22nd, says,-Yostcrdoy aftor Ñow South AVnlos, fur thu purpose of discussing cer- tain financial mattera, and amongst those present was Mr Stratford, representative of tue English, Scottish, and Australian Chartered Bank. Thu mooting lind just terminated when ho complained of a violent pain in tho hoad, and a remark was made that ho had singular spot over his eye, when he suddenly hecmnu insensible, and wus removed to MrSmith'sapartmuiits. Ur Muller, who happened to ho in tho vicinity, nt onco said that it was a very serious case, and that somo of his relatives should he apprised of it. This was done nt once, and further medical nid was summoned, hut without avail, for in a very short timo life was extinct. Thora nra few bank managers who havo secured mora warm friends in his social relations, possessed mora largely tho esteem of his follow-nianngurs, or secured to u greater extont tho confidence of those whom ho mut in business transactions than tho lata Mr Stratford. When by tho all-wise dispensations of l'rovidonco wu loso such a colonist, tho regret is not confined to thoso who knew him merely as a manager of a bank. THENKWGUINEA EXPEDITION.--Tho .S. M. Herald, July 27th, says :-Hy thu .Singapore letters have been received from Mr. William -Macleay, dated .Somerset, thu 2f)th of Julie, when the party wcro all well. Tho Chevort waa to leavo nt once, mid they expected to ace tho shores of New (.linnea tho following day. Largo collections of objects of natural history have already been made. By tho next Torres Straits Mail they hoped to bu able to scud tidings of their having reached tho island and commenced their operations. All thu party aro. quito well, and hopu their Sydney friends uro thu same. NEW HOUSE STOCK.-Tho Melbourne Artjut says Mr. F. Krcrouse, who is well known as nu importer of valuable luirse stock, has just arrived with a ship- ment of valuable draught stock from tho old country. The draught burses consist of landmark, a bright bay hurso, fi year« old, bred by Mr, A. Slack, of Cum brlilgeshlru i Young Major, rising fl .years old, bred by Air. J. Wurth, of Cumbridgeshiro ¡ und King of tho Vidluy, rising ll years old, standing 17 bands high, on short legs, There ia also n draught malu named Moiintnin Maid, which carried ofl'iirizcs when shown against siimu of thu best stock ni England. Mr. Krerousu bau this year imported another trotting stallion, named Flying l'crlcctioii. Hu is a bright bay, standing Hi hanils .'I inches high, mid only -I years old. His ped ¡gi ou contains tho names uf thu fastest and beat trotting burses in England. Edward Whito, who is charged with offering a bribo to Messrs. Scholoy mid Bennett ' for their voto in compensation to Twaddell was committed lo take his trial nt tho Central Criminal Court, by tho Water 1'olico Bench on Friday. noon tho bank of this city mat nt the Hank of 