AN IRISH GHOST STORY. An Irish ghost-story has generally some thing to do with the ' banshee,' oi death warner, but a supernatural incident -which is said to have occurred in the winds of Kerry the other day is sufficiently thrilling, although the apparition concerned had no hereditary standing. It 6cetns that a woman residing in Glenflesk received n call from the spirit of her husband, a ' man of farming class, dressed in a shroud and white stockings and gloves.' Tho farmer in white gloves stated that since his death, some months back, although he ought to be in heaven, he wits detained else whoro on account of owinpr a sum of £15 to friends of his, and he begged of his wife to give him the money. The woman in full faith handed him £10, and promised to give him tho rest in a few days if he came for it. Meanwhile she went and told the priest, and this gentleman acted very different from the clerical monitor of Micky Free, who may be remembered by readers of Charles O'Malley. When the ghost in complete burial costume arrived for tho bunk note, he was at once received by a couple of police, and proved, as ghosts do in our day, to be a mere pretender, playing a part, who will have to answer for his misconduct before a magistrate. There was a touch of rer.l dramatic cunning in the fashion in which this rogue tried to impose on the simple widow. The shroud, the stockings and above all the gloves, were at once recog nised by the poor woman as the most fitting garments for her husband, as they were the last in which she. had sceu him. If he bad presented himself in the more questionable guise of a flannel jacket and corduroys, she might have wondered how be contrived to procure a change of working clothes. Here is a hint for spiritualists who have some diffi culty in reccuciling concrete flounces with ghostly phantoms. The Glenflesk ghost has not solved the problem, but rigid adherence to charnel properties ought to be a lesson to those who represent spirits in shooting-coats or walking-dresses. 