SERMON Preached at St. James' Cathedral, Melbourne, on St. Peter's Day, 1875, by the , Venerable Archibald Crawford, M.A., Archdeacon of Castlemaine: ITlienthey that feared the Lord spake often one to another : and the Lord hearJtened, and, heard it, and a boolt of remembrance was written before him for them that feared 'the Lord, and that thought upon his name. And they shall be mine, saiththe Lord of hosts, in that day when Imahe up viy jewels. — Malachi iii. 16, 17. A thanksgiving service we might expect to conclude with an address characterised by language of praise and thanks giving. There is abundant cause to justify the use of such on the present occasion. Under the good providence of the Divine Head of the Church, that portion of it planted in this ?colony twenty-eight years ago has grown with a rapidity and vigour which, all things considered, are truly marvellous, and ? call for thankfulness and praise ; whilst, moreover, we have another, and special reason, for gratitude to our Heavenly Father in the fact that during these many years of labour and success, it pleased Him to continue to His heritage in this land the unsparing labours of our faithful Bishop. It was my desire, when I undertook the duty which I now endeavour to fulfil, to suit my sermon closly to the occasion ; but when I tried to string together thoughts appropriate, and to clothe them in language suitable, the fact of the present semi-widowhood of our dear Church, occasioned by the necessary absence of our Diocesan — an absence which I fear will terminate in a resignation not remote — constantly occurring to me, produced a feeling unfitting me for the task ; and when, in addition — as was natural — I cast a retro spective glance upon the history of the period since the last special services, there came into my mind such painful and vivid consciousness of the deep domestic sufferings which, within that brief period, so many of my valued brethren have, in the wisdom of God, been called upon to endure; I abandoned my intention, and have selected a text which will afford me an opportunity for using the language of comfort, consolation, and encouragement. May the Holy Ghost, the Comforter, enable us to derive the strength and support we need. The first word of the text suggests a reference, which is of -consequence to notice : It was at times and under circum stances marked by the word then, that ' they who feared the Lord spake often one to another.' By referring to the two ?preceding verses, we shall ascertain the peculiarity of these . times and circumstances which produced the habit that is here mentioned with such signal evidences of God's approval. It was when obedience to God seemed adverse, when the practice of virtue and religion seemed depressed, when vice and irreligion raised their riotous heads and exulted, unchecked, unpunished, unabashed ; it was when the ungodly were in great power and nourishing as a green bay-tree ; it was when devo tion to God and worldly distress came hand-in-hand; when mis fortune seemed the consequence of uprightness, and success the result of impiety ; when wavering and doubting hearts — seeds that spring up in stony places, that wither away in their rapid but momentary growth because they lack moisture — when these said, ' It is vain to serve God ; and what profit is it that we have kept His ordinance, and that we have walked mournfully before the Lord of Hosts?' it was then, despite of these dis couragements, that they who feared the Lord spake often one to another, and thought upon His name. It was under circum stances even more adverse still, that these true servants of the Omnipotent displayed their confidence in His unseen agency, and attested their devotion, as we learn from the fifteenth verse—' And now we call the proud happy ; yea, they that [ work wickedness are set up ; yea, they that tempt God are even delivered.' It was at such a time that they who feared the Lord spake often one to another. It was when pride and arrogance seemed really to possess the happiness which they aimed at ; ' when they that work wickedness are set up ;' when they seemed to have obtained the utmost success and enjoyment, while they ? perservered in the practice of all evil, and the defiance of all good ; when they, the wicked, ' were set up ; yea, when they that tempt God are even delivered ;' when no affliction came to arrest the career of ungodliness, but when prosperity and . deliverance seemed to encourage ; when that which the wicked man hath said in his heart seemed indeed realised — ' God ' hath forgotten; He hideth His face; He will never see it.' It was then, in spite of all distresses, in patient endurance of all discouragements, in meek, uncomplaining sustainment of all adversity; it was then, though 'they witnessed all the oppressions that were under the sun, and beheld the tears of such as were oppressed, and on the side of the oppressors there was power, but they had no comforter ;' it was then the true worshippers of God displayed their unshaken fidelity. Theirs was the faith which did not falter ; theirs the trust that could not fail ; they turned aside from the world with which, they could not mix ; they looked with averted eye upon the allurements which failed not to tempt, though they failed to prevail ; they withdrew to seek in secret and holy communion one with another -that peace which the world could not give. Often were thoughts of God in their hearts, often His praises on their lips, often His name and His works the sacred subject of their meditations and discourse. 'They that feared the Lord spake often one to another ;' they took sweet council together, and walked as ' familiar friends in the House of God.' And they were not without their reward. 'The Lord hearkened and heard.' It is a very common matter of remark — often of wonder, and too often, I fear, of secret murmur and compliant — that the good in this world are afflicted, while the wicked escape. We frequently hear it remarked, as something strange and hard, that distresses should fall so heavily and frequently on those who, to our view, seem least to merit them ; and such instances are so common as to almost give rise to a proverb. None can, I think, deny the truth of the remark, though he may question its extent. We see happiness in this world apportioned by rules very different indeed from what they would be were there no world to come. ' Now we see but in part ; through a glass darkly.' God's dispensations seem irregular, only because we cannot fathom their vastness. His dealings seem hard to some, only because they do not reflect that they cannot penetrate His designs, and see them in their completeness.. It is a matter of wonder that good men should so often be afflicted. But here, first, we should be cautious not to overstate the truth. It is ? not always because men are good that therefore they are in trouble. They are not always good first, and afterwards in . affliction and distress. In many instances the reverse is the case ; they become pious and devout because they have first been in affliction. So that, though religion and tribula tion are often united and existing together, each in a great degree for a time, yet with many the religious habit is the consequence, and not the cause, of the sufferings. ' Whom the Lord loveth He chasteneth,' and He chastens 'because He designs to do them good at their latter end ;' because He designs to be the means of engendering that humbleness and submissiveness of heart which shall bring a man peace at the last. So that, in place of making this a subject for wonder - and discontent, we should make it one for thankfulness and praise. No chastisement for the present seemeth joyous, but grievous ; nevertheless, afterwards it yield eth the peaceable fruit of righteousness unto them which are exercised thereby. We may then see plainly one design of the Lord in allowing afflictions to fall heavily upon human beings— upon those, who, to our eyes, seem not equally to merit them with those who escape — and the design is, that He may thereby humble them by the sweet uses of adversity, administering a bitter, but salutary, sure medicine for the soul's health. Another design which God may have in thus permitting ?His righteous servants to be afflicted, is not only to ' prove and do them good at their latter end,' but also that they, by their endurance of all that the Lord dispenses, may ' adorn the doctrine of Christ our Saviour,' may serve to commend His religion to the hearts of all who can look upon the con flict which the servants of God constantly sustain, with the ?afflictions which' beset them ; who witness the struggle, and .mark the issue ; who see the advance, and watch the trial; ?and perceive that the same God will, with the trial, give (also the way of escape. Each suffering Christian is a living light, hang out for a world's view, and a world's con sideration and guidance; an enduring example of the -.power of religion to sustain all that are exercised thereby, .and thus fitted to attract the hearts and the affections of others ?towards that religion whose consolations and support they jhave experienced in themselves and witnessed; in others. .; My text seems to refer to a more particular matter. The proud were happy ; yea, when they who tempt, God were even delivered; it was when success and prosperity seemed to jattend disregard of God ; it was: when ungodliness and wrong ?seemed at a premium; when irreligion was apparently not only overlooked, but even encouraged ; it was under such circumstances of discouragement, that they who feared God still retained their integrity; still , persevered in their con fident, reliance upon His providence, despite of all their sore trials; still maintained their sure; trust in His goodness. .Amid all the temptations to waver ; in - their faith, still they ; trusted; still they persevered, with hearts that could not change, ?lftrif-Tl f^rla Ii^-tt ^-Jio+- nnn W Y\r\4- Tol4'Q« . ' ' '' . ? VVXtJJ.. XlLlCllt^ UJJ.C4U UUUJLU. UUU XctitCl. .?-..??,.-..?!. .It is justly reckoned a noble proof of; confidence : in the honour of a friend if, though, we -may be unable to disprove a :charge urged against him, we, nevertheless, do not hesitate to declare our disbelief of its truth. We rely too surely on the character we have long known, on the truthfulness we have admired, and on the high honour we have valued and loved, for these to be shaken from their hold in our hearts by :aspersions, which we will not believe, though we cannot dis prove. No doubts will obtrude ; no suspicions will unsettle. We persevere in credence of his good faith, and express our selves assured of its continuance, disregarding all allegations made against it. This is true and noble confidence, and rarely fails to be requited. . When God is that Friend — when it is the High and Holy One — how can this trust ever fail to receive its rich and ever lasting reward? He indeed is the Friend who, often maligned, often assailed, is ever true, ' though every man be found a liar.' This is the Friend that never faileth, never deserts, never deceives those that trust in Him ; never abandons those who, .'amid trials and difficulties, uphold the honour due unto His name —who still cling to their God, ' be the earth never so unquiet ' —who, amidst distresses and perplexities, lift their hands and hearts to the heaven, whither they are hastening, and fix their hopes upon the city whose builder and founder is God. It is such who offer unto God the sacrifice He will never reject, and present the sweet incense before His altar which He with welcome will receive. They look upon the adversities and troubles which surround and beset them, not as trials to . -.unsettle their faith, but as designs of their God to try and strengthen it. They do not find in the. distresses of. the godly, ;and in the prosperity of the wicked (though they be in great ?power), only difficulties hard to be reconciled with the idea of infinite justice and infinite goodness; they look upon ?such, not as perplexities hard to be accounted for, but they consider them, as they are— trials of faith that comes forth tried as silver is tried by the furnace. They feel that all these distresses and apparent irregularities are but assurances that this world is not to be their final resting-place ; that beyond it there is an everlasting home, where sorrow and sighing shall be no more; and a time, to come when the Lord .God shall wipe away all tears from off all faces, and will give to His saints all the treasures of His rich reserves — who will give eternal life to them who, by patient, continuance in well doing, seek for glory, and honour, and immortality — who remember the injunction of that apostle whose wavering faith was sustained by a gracious and watchful Lord, in the moment of its fearful danger. ' Wherefore, let them that suffer accord ing to the will of God, commit the keeping of their^souls to Him in well-doing, as unto a faithful Creator.' We have thus considered the conduct of these faithful people under circumstances of difficulty and discouragement. They withdrew 'to speak often together' of the God they well loved. Now, let us reflect for a brief time upon the beautiful description which the last among the prophets gives of the reception this evidence of a singular faith met with from the God who received it. ' The Lord hearkened and heard,' 'and a book of remembrance was written before Him for them that feared the, Lord, and thought upon His name.' Such is the wonderful .description. ' The Lord . hearkened and heard.' The Lord — permitting Himself to be depicted as watching the struggle— unseen, but not unseeing ;- allowing His prophet to represent Him as a pleased and attentive listener. 'The Lord hearkened.' As a kind and loving father. delighteth in 'his little. children,' and giveth his pleased ear to .the guileless tongue of, innocence and infancy, so our God heareth His , little children. Heaven His throne, earth His footstool, ;. filling the universe with His presence, which he guides by His providence; still the mighty and Omnipotent Being ; is here described (as bending from the heaven, ; where Hisv Glory dwelleth) to. catch the sound of the prayers which arise at; His? footstool., 'The Lord hearkened and heard !' -When we find one in: this world far beyond us in rank,, i.and- superior in acquirements, who, seems to give even a languid, and uncertain attention to our conversation, how often even this feeble noticei flatters. But if we find such a person to be ,a pleased and attentive listener — eagerly watching the words as they issue from our. tongues, catching their meaning with ready and ;quick perception, exhibiting pleasure and approval by deep and marked .attention— then, indeed, are ?we pleased and happy; then are our efforts increased to engage and occupy the ear we; have thus attracted. And this we feel the more deeply just as the unusual listener is worthy of our respect and admiration, in consequence of his position,, character, and acquirements. The i more superior to us in all these, the more eager are men to attract such notice, and the more pleased and delighted in receiving it. . What being on earth can surpass its feeblest and ... least,., considerable tenant so far as the infinite God exceeds every name that can be named, in heaven , and in , ,earth ,1 ... And yet this . Mighty j One, thus removed from , all;, comparison,, is described by His inspired prophet .as ^yielding V to us this very gracious condescension . which .we ,iso, eagerly covet from a man like ourselves^— as . listening. , with pleased and I approving attention to His children on ?- earth,: as they speak | often one to another — giving his willing and ready ear to the I words of human tongues — pleased with the conversation of His- | little children — ' The Lord hearkens and hears' — the Lord I listens and hallows- — the Lord receives and records, for 'a I book of remembrance was written before Him for them that I feared the Lord, and thought on His name.' I Let us, for a moment, consider, what this declaration means I — why it is given. God is not a man that He should err;. I His memory is not human, that it should be faithless and I deceive. No infirmity of forgetf ulness can reach Him with i whom the past, the present, and the future are all alike, and I all equally known. A thousand years in His sight are but 1 a day. No length of time, which impairs the memory of 1 man — no multiplicity of subjects which burdens and distracts i it, can reach Him. With Him by whose minute superin- || tendence 'even the very hairs of our head are. numbered,' M there can be no failing — for Him there can be no need of || memorials, to keep alive the knowledge of Omniscience. || Everything that occurs — the meanest as well as the most m important . event, the . minutest as well as the mightiest— m are engraven in the. imperishable characters of eternal S remembrance, as though they were written with a pen of M diamond upon a table of rock. And yet the archives of. heaven If are displayed, its^records and its registries are alluded to, its W books of remembrance are brought forth, with the acts and I words of the Lord's saints therein recorded. , In the Book of I Revelation we find a final use of the undying records I described with; a fearful sublimity, (xx. ,12) — '.And I. saw the I dead, small and. great, stand before God .; and the books were . 1 pened; and another book was opened, .which is the book 1 of life; and the dead were judged out of those things which ?were written in the book, according to their works. And the sea gave up the dead which were in it ; and death and hell gave up the dead which were in them, and they were judged every man according to their works.' This is, indeed, a most fearful and solemn description of that awful hour when ?our consciences shall awake with terrible distinctness to a memory of every deep sin, and to remembrance of every idle word. Now we may stifle its warnings, now neglect its advice, now turn a dull and heavy ear to its whisperings, unheard amid the tumult of pleasure, and the louder voice that invites us to dearer, but forbidden enjoy ment. It will not sleep for ever ! Though silent, it has 'Hot ceased to exist. We may sear, but we cannot destroy. When the trump shall sound, and the dead arise, then shall this neglected monitor be arrayed in the dreadful power of an accusing and avenging witness ; then shall the wicked, self condemned, dread to encounter its inevitable testimony. No -seas can swallow, no mountains can cover, no earth can over whelm; though they call upon destruction, and would welcome annihilation with a satisfaction which they never experienced amidst the clearest of their guilty and mad pleasures. Such are the boolcs to be opened! We cannot suppose that this mighty and sublime description means that any real books, -any actual records — beyond those of conscience quickened by the Spirit that searcheth all things — are intended to be used. Scenes of the last judgment are exhibited in language bor rowed from courts of human judicature, fearfully characterised by the terrible impressiveness of that hour when Heaven shall be the tribunal; upon its judgment-seat the Creator of all things, and Judge of all men, into whose hands it is a fearful thing to fall ; and when His only decisions shall be the alternations of those eternal and mighty extremes of happiness such as our hopes cannot realise, and of misery such as our worst fears can neither anticipate nor augment. Such is the description, and such I' believe to be the meaning of these books of doom. But what is this book of remembrance, which is mentioned in my text as written before the Lord ? Consider well, I beseech you, the wonderful and gracious condescension of our good and merciful heavenly Father. What is the remedy which a human being would seek to provide against the danger of forgetting a circumstance which he was desirous to remember ? He would commit it to writing, and thus guard against the failing and danger of a deceitful memory. This would be Ms surest preservative against oblivion. And this, -every one will admit, should be done in. matters of moment. See, then, how our kind and gracious Lord entices us to trust in Him. See how He adapts Him self to our infirmities and provokes us to reliance upon Himself. That very expedient which man himself would select as the surest remedy against his own forgetfulness, the Lord of Heaven permits Himself to be represented as employing, lest one jot or one tittle, one word or one act, of the least of His children on earth should seem to escape him. Man guards his memory by the sure memorial of a written record ; and God is described as employing His 'book of remembrance,' His guard against the failing of a mortal memory; giving the very assurances which man would seek that his deeds be not forgotten ; forcing such conviction upon our minds by every method that is likely to be of any avail ; giving with gracious and benignant kindness the very assurances that human beings would seek against forgetfulness ; and all this, although God can never forget. When ' Sion, said the Lord, hath forsaken me and my Lord hath forgotten me,' what was the ? gentle and deep, deep assurance that Sion's God had not forgotten nor forsaken % ' Can a woman forget her sucking child, that she should not have compassion on the son of her womb 1 Yea, ?she may forget; yet will not /forget thee.'' Appealing thus to an instance of tenderness, which seems at times almost to devotir the very existence ! God thus appealing to maternal ?affection, as the deepest and dearest of all human ties, and -comparing His love to it. Can the mother forget the babe of her bosom? 'She may forget. I will not forget thee.' And we have, moreover, this wonderful expression of con tinued and abiding care — ' Behold, I have graven thee upon the palms of My hands.' What deep assurances are these to tempt us to love God, who deals thus graciously with us ! 'When the Lord has hearkened and heard — when the book of remembrance receives its eternal registry — -what shall be the reward for them who feared the Lord, and thought upon His name 1 It is this — hear O heavens, and give ear O earth !? — it is this declaration, glorious and blissful :— ' They shall be Mine, saith the Lord of Hosts, in that day when I make up My jewels.' Again a repetition of beauteous images — an allusion of deep impressiveness. They shall be Mine, saith the Lord, in that day when I make up My jewels. ' As a bridegroom, decketh himself with, ornaments, and as a bride adorneth herself with jewels.' Thus the Lord reckons His saints the riches of His heavenly treasures — His Christian people the Lord's jewels, the pride of His possessions, the glory of His ornaments. And well they may be so — well may the beloved of the Lord be reckoned as His jewels. If the value of the purchase determines a price to the ransom, dear must they be to Him, for whom the only begotten Son left his Father's bosom, and the glory which He had with Him before the world was, to pay for us this mighty price. Are not the redeemed of the Lord then justly described as the jewels of their God ? If we value the gems of earth by the price they cost ; if we value them in proportion to their cost ; if they are the dearest, and rarest, and richest which the treasures of earth can supply to gladden, by their scarceness and beauty — well may the same word be applied to all who are purchased at a price beyond everything, the world's wealth can supply, or all that the world's, avarice can imagine. What would a man give to redeem his own. soul ? The wealth of the universe, if his to bestow, would be but a poor and glad recompense. If thus, even to human eyes, there be nothing that does not fade in comparison with the eternal safety of one human soul, what is the value — what the price — of the . redemption of the souls of a whole world from the eternity of ruin, which had otherwise been their sad, but sure inheritance ] And, alas, my brethren, how sad it is to consider that the senseless gem itself is scarcely less conscious of the sum for which it is exchanged, than many, many professing Christians of the price paid for them by the Lord who bought them. And can we — who admit, and feel, and recognise the love wherewith God loved us, in the very mode which is adopted for exhibiting it — doubt the security, or anticipate the endless happiness1 acquired for us at so mighty a cost. God so hated sin — God so loved the sinner — that He gave His only begotten Son ; exhibiting in the very means by which a world was saved, His wonderful love of the offender. Even in the very act of declaring his undying wrath against the offence which required so mighty an expiation, we should never lose sight of this twofold purpose of the atonement; we should never forget the record of love, -and the memorial of wrath. It is thus alone that we can be called the Lord's jewels — or, as the margin reads, ' His peculiar treasure.' And all this value given to us — this price set upon us — without any intrinsic merit of our own. Even here the unconscious stone is our rival and our superior ; its beauty and use are its own, but our preciousness is the gift of another ; it is conferred ; yet we become rich gems j indeed for Heaven's treasury, when the Spirit has sanctified i those whom the Son has redeemed. The soul is pure and precious in the light and richness of God's bounty. Think, j oh ! think, of the glorious reception which awaits the Lord's peculiar treasure, His purchased and everlasting possession, when the Son himself shall present us before i His Father's throne, as gems for His crown, as pure bril liants for His eternal treasury ! Think of the words of welcome which shall greet this dear Son's offering. Think of its glad acceptance in the delighted assurance of His own approving Father on the day when He shall make up His jewels, and exclaim, ' They are mine !' | 