The Chrellciificr. {From the Athcnaum .) 1 If, as is believed on board tho Challenger, the ; sea-water at depths 'below 2,200 fathoms will' dissolve shells, thon tho paper reed at the meeting ?d ibe Eoyal Society on Thursday, Novomber 26, is pregnant wtth a fuct of the highest importanco in tbe history otf geology. It ia well known to -naturalists that Globigerinn exist in the sea in countless multitudes. Dr. Wyvillo Thompson, an the paper in question, tftntes that in all parts of tho ocean explored during tho voyago, the ; Olobigcrina were mot with; that thoy live near ! the surface, and,, sinking to the bottom when ! dead, tbore acoumulate nnd form the well-known 1 ' Glohigeaina mud.' In-this m«d Nature is lay- I ing .calcareous deposits of incredible extont, whioh | may become as useful in fu'tiro ages of the w,orld , as our chalk is now. But it is remarkable thai ' at 5,200 fathoms the grtry mud begins to thin off, , and gradually disappears as the depth increases, : and oivos place to n dark-red el a v. This clav is , more widely diffused -thin ony othor deposit at tbo bottom of the ocean. It appoars to' be un favourable to animal life, for its evidonoes of living things area few worms, shells, and zoophytes, Whenoe comes this clay ? Tbb party on .board the CboflfiDger are of opinion that, ; r.- the depths above- mentioned, the sholls of tbe Globigerioa are dissolved, and that the alumina 1 and .the imn which experiment. has proved they contain aro tho source of the bread -ind barren regions .of -olay. This view is confirmed by chemical analysis -of specimens of clay brought up from the bottom, This is a point whioh . should be absolutely demonstrated, forit is known thatclay, in sh impalpable form, can bo drifted long distances. And Sir JamcB Boss, in bis : Antarctic voynge, found all along the raaTgin of tho ice barrier o bottom of green clay, suggestive of volcanic materials drifted down under the ico , from the' unapproachable southern continent, where distant volcanoes wero seen in full activity. ' But if the theory be aooepted provisionally, 1 he voyage of the ?Challenger clears op a long-standing geological -difficulty, and shows how it has como to pass that on oneand the same ' horizon', there can bo formations teeming with remai&B; of animal life and formations utterly barren. Here is tho . explanation of limestone full of fossils sido by side with tho lifeless schist; Imperial Funeral Customs in China — The ' sorrowful proclamation,' or official an - Dounooment of doatb, is not published until after tho receipt of tho 'joyful proclamation,' or announcement of acoessioh. The proclamations are sont to the Generalissimos, Viceroys, and Govornors of tbe several provinces, and theso in their turn make the contents known to. their respeotive suberdinates, instrnoting thom to eoloct a .proper ' time and place for performing the necessary ooremonies. These being ohosen, tbe officials collect in plain clothes (black, and free from' colors or embroidery), and road ont tho announcement of accession. Thoy then proceed to the templo dedioatod to tbe Imperial presence, where they go through the ceremonials of oonrt congratnlation, This done, they select another public locality, where, dressed in mourning, they open and read tbo announcement of the demise and solemnise the funeral servico, wbich has to be repeated three suooessive days, once in the morning and onco in tho evening. The offioialB' then wear mourning for twouty-sevon days, keeping their beads unshaven for that period, and restraining from marrying or. giving in marriago for 100 days, and from official music for one year. Those intervals all reckon from the dato of receiving the proclamations. As regards the peoplo, they aro expected to wear mourning, the mon as, regards caps, tho women oa regards bead ornaments. For twenty-seven days, they mayhot shave, for thirty days they may not marry, and for 100 days all music is to be stopped. Tobacco.— -The world, according to moat reli able statistics, smokes aboitt four thousand million cigars oach year, which is equal to about eighty thousand tons of tobacco. In pipos, about four thousand tons moro are consumed. Aboui one thousaud tons aro annually used up in cuds. by chotvors ; and about forty thousand tons of powdered tobacco are inhaled into the noBe, to the detriment of nature's breathing apparatus, besides othor injuries. The frightful total of ? all this is 620,000 tons a year 1 It is absolutely apalliog to thick of. Is it any wonder that so many die before reachig maturity, or that wo have so many deformed and diminutive abortions iu the shape of men and women to offend our sight in thoBtreet,and swarm in our insane asylums, work-houoesi and pehitoutiaribs F Granting an . average - Weight of one hundred pounds to every inhabitant^ the. aggregate weight of tbe world's population is fifty million tons, and tho world ot the pscEOnt' rato consumes its own woigbt intobacoo ones in every eighty years. Some atudoBts fixed Up a ghost and placod it on the staircaso of a Troy newspaper ufiice tho otlicr night, and then retired aud waited development, Ouo of tbo editors came along, and didn't get' frightened. Ha disrobed it, and now wo'ars a a fifteen-dollar pair of pantaloons, a teu-dollur vest, a eoven- dollar pair of boots, and an eight dollar hat, wbilo'one of the' students goes about without a vest, and another roams around through the loss frequented streets wearing a very anoiout pair of inexpressibles, . Sometimes, to unkindness and injustice, silence, may be safor than even the soft anawor whioh \- turneth away wrath. ' . ... . 