Telegraphic S?t'»i-:Jteli-'«. (From the Herald ) London, August 14. Tho Oovonuiient of Turkey havo resolved upon ;i moro vigorous ruprossiun of tho insurrection in Honsogovinu, and large reinforcements of troojm will ho dispatched to Dalmatiji. Numbers of Montenegrins are joining tho insurgolits. Tlic rate of discoilnt has boon reduced to 2 per cont. London, August 10. The Roynl Speech road by tho Lord Chancollor on tho closing of Parliament, states tlmt tho rela tions of Great Britain with foreign Powers arc most coraiiii, a-iiu x.nu muiiituiiuncu ui uiu pu.icu vi Europo is confidently anticipated, The visit of the Sultan of Zanzibar to England has led to the conclusion of a supplementary Convention for the more complete suppression of the African slave trado. Doop rogrot is expressed id tho Yunnan out rage, which will form tho subject of careful inquiry, and no effort will bo spared tn punish the lnsti (mt.nra arwl 1-tm'i-mtrntorfl. The condition of the colonies is declared to bo prosperous, and imp nrtant and valuable results are expected from the proposed conference of the South African colonies and States. Tho Speecli eulogisticnlly enumerates tho mea sures of tho session. Lord Carnarvon assured a deputation from tho Council of the. Colonial Institute, that ho was honrlily favorable to tlio establishment of a colo nial museum in London. Tlio cost of erection will be about £30,000, of which sum £9000 have already been promised. 'iCing Alfonso, of Spain, lias ordered a levy of 100,000 men. Intelligence has been roceivud that public opinion at tho Cape is favorable to Lord Oarnar vwj's federation scheme. Tho Julv trado returns show a ducrease of £1,000,000 in exports, and an increase of ,-£2,000,:000 in imports. Wheat has advanced, owing to tho stormy woathcr. Australian, 37s. to oSs. There has buon a recovery in the ' cooper market. Chili i.i quoted at ;E82. Australian un changed. Tin is weaker. Straits, £78 to £70 ; Austra lian, £76. H. M. corvette Diamond haa sailed for the Australian station, Bathbhst. — Tuesday ; The second charge in the railway rape ciise, investigated to-day, against the othor prisoner, George Barrier, who waa committed for trial, bail waa allowed j but not applied for in Finch's case, as thore are othor charges ngainst the prisoner. — Tabratong station, ut East Bogan, was sold by .Tamos and George Lee, through Mr. J. I1. Clements, to smith and. Kussom, of Wagga Wagga, for £23,000. Brisbane. — Tuesday : The Assembly voted out of tho proposed loan £40,000 for jmblie buildings, which will includo £10,000 for a Tolegraph Oflico, and £5000 for a Museum at Brisbane — C«nc- crushing commenced at a plantation in thr- Logan d strict. Tho prospects of tho sugar crops at Mackay are improving with the warm weather. CoohTowN. — August 14. — The Nalnon, (b.) ar rived on tho 12th, and returns to-day. She brought 120 Chinese, and leaves with 300 for Hongkong. — The Joint Stock Bank lost notes at tiio firo amounting to nearly £2000. The numbers aro known, as they are all fivos. Melbourne. — Monday : Mr. Higinbolham haH given his opinon that the Sunday Observance Act docs not apply to this colony. — Kutiday : A terrible double murder was committed at Fruukstown hist night. Ail elderly man, namod Howard, landlord of the Moriiiugton Hotel, at Schnappor Point, had a quarrel with a woman named Eliza beth Wright, an hotol-keeper at Frankstown, with whom ho was intimato, and owing to a dis agroemont and tho jealousy of a barman iutined Horrnan, ho watched his opportunity of finding tho two together, and, with ft largo butcher's knife, stabbed Elizabeth Wright four times through tho heart. She died instantlyi Then, meeting Horhian, ho stabbed him also in tho heart, and ho died directly. Howard then romainodih the most nonchalant manner by Wright's body, whore ho \rns found by tlio policOj three- hours afterwards, whon he exhibited tho utmost coolness, merely saying that ho was not to be insulted witli im punity; An inquest will be hold on Tuesday- Tho affair caiisod groat soiisation in tho neighbour hood. — Tho Faircloilgh's sacred rocitnls look place present. Tho greatest order prevailed, and thero was immonse enthusiasm: — Monday : The rrliscr ablo stipend* of some of t]\p Church of England clergymen aro strongly commented on by tho Press. — An address has beon prcsciited to Bishop Thornton by Birmingham meh; — The Ringarooila brings about 2000 boxes of fruit from the Capo; — The Rev. Father Mobi'o has boon committed for trial for mai'ryiilg a minor without tho consent of the guardian.- — M'JVtockari and Black-wood's itew steamer, Rhlgaro'ona, ihtonded for tho New Zealand trado, arrived this morning, 53 days from Glastrow, Including a detention at the Ciipc.; Tho Ringiifoona experienced vory heavy weather Oh the voyage ; she loft Glasgow on Juno 23. — Mr, Graham Berry had rt crowded meeting lit Geolong to-riigliti He pt'opoftcii lo inako lip the deficiency (£200,000) in the revenue by taxing the rich land iwnoi'H, and ho thought the Ivholo amount conld bo obtained without taxing boltrtv 10,000 acres. Tlio Govornnieiit also proposer, to koep oft tho protoctive duties^ aiid oxtciid them( if necessary. Thoy havo iio objection to take off some of the duties riot protective, but, if done, thoy must resorfc to an income tax. Ho was detorminod on a reform af the Upper Etouso, not by lowering property qualification,- or extending its basis, us that would, incroaso tho' inilnonco of membors, but by a simple measure to seenro tho wilt of the people hsvittg its tvny. — Tuesday : Tho Ministerial policy is not regarded favourably. — A short Land Bill is to bo introduced, increasing tho assessment on stock to as much as was proposed hf tho lato Gorvoriiin'ont j but timo is to bo nskod by the Government for maturing' a scheme. — Tho Japanese' Commissioner!) visited tho Supremo Court yester day, and wore Accommodated with seats on tho bench.— -Stephen's lifeboat. Alice his arrived off Wilson's Promontory) havijig beon blown off the Straits during the last week.— Tho Borry policy of bursting up tho Inrgo ostafcoa. and oxtrcino pro tection dooa riot. fifJd much favour. The settle ment' of tie Sofder Duties question and ihtft'ColonialJfreo trado form part of tho programme] Tho foiir-ycar-old ontiro Lofty, hitolv import was sold for 400 guinea*. -Legyatt \aJvJ2 from Wilson's Proniontory, anil s,-i\\-« tii-it t! Alice lifeboat, in regard to snfoty mill [ifoVivin qualities, is a porfuct succuss. A iH-om'iiVni 1? £100 iHoflbrod hy tho Railway De.irtiS' fn° the best cl0Hi;-m i for railway cari'i^v.s .s,,i(..,],!ofo. tins climate.— Mr. John Dunn, the Well Umm actor, dropped down dead this uvunim; „„ ],j, ' to perform at tho Theatre Hoyal from his ^AaIZ at Carlton. _ Aiiklaidk.— Monday : Statistics slitnv en amitf ing ducreaHo in tho consumption of (llityhsvitm spirits, attributed to the largo quantitv of wQ spirits connuniod without paying duty ? Tuesday ? Anxiety in felt that somo accident has liaiiponcd to tho Ceylon, which has not arrived at Gaile 'il..: CmTWitinn hud eleven ?.niupluH of milk analysed, of wlncn only one W:us pure ; thoy in f-onrl prosecuting tho vendors who Hold milk con' tuiiiing beyond 10 jjor cent, of tyiilcr.-GlMiofe w:..k lighted withaiis yesterday. -Tliu Govornmont l.t^leyrajilieil to Uallo respecting the non-an-iva! of the Ceylon. Caw. of Good Hoi'B.-Cai)u Hows states that Mr. Fronde, tho historiuii. was still on h t-mr through the Western districts. Tlio ontlnisiasm of tho extremo syiuatliisers with ropnblicaim Iim chiiiijjod tho churaoter of his journey. Ho niado spoiv.shoB in favnr nf fedemtion, nnd imiiital out what would bo tho position of tlio Status in re gard to tho mother country. An 'opinion has' boon oxprcssod in the Froo States ugaiimt unitiim with tho Cape and Kntiil undur tho British flag and opposed to sending a. representative to t& proposed Conference.— Sir Giu-not Wolsoloy in making a tour through Natal, nnd will oatablisha Britiah colony in Laugalaboletj tunitorv.'— .Tho ringlutidera of tho riot'i ;it tho diainljud-fie'lds havo '? bison arrested, and bailed at, £200!) uiich.— Tho British ship .Stunrt Hiihnum:i:i mm cajwiztiil in a squoll ; only nino of tho crow wore saved! Thuy emlurod severe privations for thirteen days,' living on a monkey, a bird, and a little ivnter. Thb Comino Exhibition' i.v Mkuio :rne— ''ha f Argus' says tliat thu additional 400t) utinm-a feet 'of floor space placed at the disposal of the Exhibition commissioners through tho action of tho trostetsoi: tho Public Library, in granting thorn tlio mo of the sculpture gallery, will not suffice to mectal) tho j-ppicationssont in by ox i'ntora. It is pro'iablo ? that the trustees will be requested to aiibrd etill further facilities. Tho efficient display of the largo ' flklorable amount of space. It includes ii great variety of articles interesting not only ns exhibiting tho industrial pngrow o) .. apan, but- as genuino works of art. Some o: tho poixftlain vines aveoi- j tivmoly beautiful, mid show to what perfection [ this manufacture is carried. Ahugepairofeattliun- \ ware vases, 5 feet high, worth £50 in Japan, will bo exhibited ; a pair 11 feet high vrns to have hern - brought, but mot with an unfortunate accident in - shipmolit. Some of tho smaller vases aro most j. ologant in design and beautifully eti.imellod. A t; number of copper vases, handsomely painted in t: omunel, will bo shown. They are articlos ofv.iluo t. even in Japan, where tho larger ones are worth [ nofirly £»0 a pair. Writing- desks, tables, £c.,cx- | hiliiting the skill of the Japanese in cabinetraaking t and the beauty of tho native wood.i, will be clis- I played. Somo of tho specimons aro reftlly exquisito i: pieces of cabinetwork. The colloctioii also inclmlca [; many beautiful articles of lacquenvaro,' ricli silk j- and velvet dresspieces, brilliantly coloured silk I curtaiiis. curious childrcii'H toys, clay dolls, cigar j; Ciisesmade of painted paper, tobticco puuehv.1!, ic. t A suit of armour for a general will bo shown, and | win be ii great curiosity. It is rcmiai-fcauly well i. made. The Japanese have, however, discontinued j the use of armour now, as thny ennmit mnkc it | rifle proof. Some Japanese swords of excellent r temper will be shown. The collection ijelcmgsto I the Japanese merchants who awived at the sarao timo as tho Oomiuixsionors, and is valued at be , tweun £2000 nnd 3000. No doubt the Govern ment will puichaso some of the euriositien for tho t museum. In connexion with the exhibition it may bo mentioned that the wine jurors lme ' already sampled many of tho wines Runt in for Bale j at the colonial wine bar, which will bo opened in j thu exhibition. They havo iiccopted dome of tho r wines, nnd rejected others which are not con- '. sidereel to fairly represent vignerons, It Nkvkh Haiks hut it Pouks. '— Tlio fol, : lowing story is rolntod by the BiiUnfat coma pondent of the ' Pleasant Creek News' ; — ' About \ eighteen months «go a resident of thin dintrict, fact of the blue blood of an old family conrsing . through his Veins, married, and loft to settle else where. At the time the ceremony wns perfonncd ,, | the gentleman in question attracted just flat ^ small amount of notice usually accorded by tho ' world to ono who sometimes ctiti afford three ' pennyworth of beer for his Sunday's dinner but t moro frequently cantiot. However, a foir fnomls q did ansomblo together, and wish all htippincss to g. tho newly-wedded pair, who shortly slipped uray K from us unpercoivedj and not missed. When I f-. I stato the wife'(a stranger horeabouts) ir.aS as poor £ ? atid unknown as tho man she knolt beuido at iho ►- I iiltar, I shall have said all tlmt need be mid con If corning a marriage of which few were ntvaroj ana | about which as many cared. Hard work in imothu r colony \yas to the couple tho only reward that ! seemed likely to murk tlio fulfilment of ii long ontt t aiibtiionato engngonient. Neither had to their' u knowledgo kith or kiii on tho face of the earth, so p plticed strong relianco in each other when they | „ pliglited their troth. Now mark what tho ivliirli gig of time brought about. In April list tho husband was ' ivuntedj' not by tho polico, but b) a firm of solicitors, who then placed him iii possession of some rivcrsido property 111 I-11?1™' tho rent-roll of which means a little over £13,000 :j annually.- He hnd kin, but so far removed us to ^ be t|uito unknown to him. The mail which rcuchorf | last told of further favours in store for the form m nato couple; The wifo had succeeded, not fait f, title, but to *hat is bettor, £34.000, bequeathed ,1 to her by a natural brother, of whoso existonco fx sho was doubtful, and of whoso whereabouts »mt y (as events have proved) riches she had not flic , ^ ghost of an idea.'. , s| TitAGErrr in A Mission Cuapei/ at Siiaschai/ i* —A sad event rtcciurcd on Sunday, the 4th Julj, I s ? ? _r j.1. . T ? -1 ? 1\T;.-..:.s;i. i.linnniti iWftinf! tllO i III UI1U Oi LI1O X/UllUUll JTJLIHOIUJl vii«fc|'w*.j « ? - cityj Service' had befell hold thero Jn the fore noon (is usual, and thoro was no sign of di»Surbiin« whrtteven As Mesftra. Muirhcftd ami Ilarrctt f wore proceeding in the afternoon to ai cliupc 'J ; iinoHior part Of tho city, they were informed tn» E the doorkeeper of tho former place had hcen killvii. , Thoy' wettt at oiwo, arid /oinid a« ininieime crowi | inside and outside the building, and in n ntato o | greiit oxciten76Wi On getting into the clinfei ?, thoy saw two bodios lying on the ftoMf, ni'« H'110 5 dead, awdilie other weltering' in blood, wit if a ;| knife .1 littlo distanco fronn him. The former _«» | rocognizod to bo the doorkeeper, who hall rciciwi b in tho liand, stomach, side, and heart, xnyeriit w*t | dt'ndly cuts, which must havo caused umncrtiaio | death. Tho hitter was breathing, yet P;;CW!nll5 '| a glWHtly appearance ; his month was filled «'« s blood which seomed to be streaming down on eittirr f sido. There was a wound in his stomach, anil a ., hoaVy gash in his neck, Hear tho avtory. «o one | know who ho was, but after a whilo lie hegan W f nrticnlato, and said ho was -i frieiid of the rtw anW, | who had happened to come into the .eluipel, aim a whilo there a third party entered, who , began w | fight with thu doorkeejior. On his ende.ivunnfc | to interfere, he ,-.!no rcceivod several wound'. »'« | in the meantime tho person escapotl- l)r. ?low- | ston camo shortly afterwards, and offeraH' aMonn m to tho caso in the Chinoso Honpital. On tho w- | rival of tho Che-hBieif, an official ox«mm*t»» | took placo, when tho wounded man rcpi-»-tei a « story similar to tho -above, Th» impreaawn », | however, that it is utterly without foundation, | and tho appearance of tho.man, as well is tiW1- | cnmatanceB of tlio caso, aro altogether vory su»pK* | iotis. At present thoro is no way of accounting | for tho deed. Tho deceased wa.s upwards of «xqr | yoam of age, and tho wounded man is littlo mwo | 