PROTESTANT MISSIONS. Some plain truth about Protestant Missions is told by the Catholic Review of Brooklyn. The Review takes for its thesis the following : — Protestant teach- ing never has converted, and never can convert any people. Then the writer goes on to say : — This remark, in nocently made, has called upon us some rather severe denunciations, from various quarters. Amongst others, the Congregationalist remonstrates, but with out pointing to any fact which would in validate the position taken. Nobody doubts that within the present century Protestantism has made efforts of great magnitude in the cause of foreign mis sions. The various sects have used money enough, Bibles and tracts, and men and women enough to have accom plished a great deal in the way of Chris tianizing pagans, if men and women, books and money had been used in the one way in which alone they could have been of service. Unfortunately the missionaries have been of this kind of whom the Holy Ghost declares that He " has sent them and yet they run." If their labor when measured by the material used seems barren enough, the fault is not, we suppose, in the intention nor always in the character of the work men, though a Globe in Japan or a Van Meter in Rome are calculated to ex cite admiration in the unprejudiced. The charge we made could hardly be other than irritating to the good people who remain at home to edit journals, preach mis- sionary sermons, ana collect money lor the missionaries. But would it not be more fairly answered, if answered at all, by a reference to some one people which has really been converted to the Protes tant imitation of Christianity by Protestant missionaries, than by any other method of reply ? They were Papal missiona ries who brought all Europe into the Christian fold. And when schism and heresy devastated some of the European notions, does any one pretend that "Pro testant preaching" would have availed to prevent them if the Popes would have allowed such unbridled license to the civil rulers as was complacently accorded by the Protestant reformers ? Was it Protestant preaching or was it the rack, the gibbet and the quarterer's block which made England Protestant ? Where is the effect of Protestant preach ing on Catholic Ireland, or what is it that makes Protestant city missionaries here in New York fly off to Rome like Van Meter, or up town like most of the others, when Catholicity flourishes so abundantly down town? Why go to " convert the Mikado of Japan " before making one hearty and combined attack upon that more easily accesible dignitary, the Archbishop of New York ? For our own part we have never heard of any people Christianized by Protestant preaching. Has the Congregationalist CLARE, April 12. Present — Councillors Ninnes, Emery, and Rucialc. Proposed br Cr. Emery, seconded by Cr. Ruciak, fcliat Cr. Ninnes take the chair, Minutes of last meeting read and confirmed, Cr, Ruciak reported road near Mrs, Mock's surveyed. Clerk reported butchers had sent in their returns. Clerk to get a Cemetery lease book. Letter received from Mr. Ilozier stating that there was no road through the Church of England Glebe. Orders received to close roads in Messrs. Hawker's and Carter's sections. Payments, ;£6 5s. Od. ; Receipts, £12, 