Cardinal Manning on Rationalism. , CARDINAL, MANNING ic-opencil tho chin eli of '( SI. Augustine;, M.ineliestoi, xvhieh has boon ^ iinilcigoing lepalni and decoration, In tho ' iCour«n of a sermon on "Jesus Christ and Him crucified," as tho central doctrine of the Catho- lic faith, ho uiiiiiiUiiieil that the Cnlholio Church was tho one universal Church which was to give "faith by hearing" to the worId, and in proof,,j ,that this was tho true Church he pointed to the confusion, the contention, tho contradiction, the wasting, and the perishing of everything sepa into from that one Church. He begged his hearers to notice how other teachers, having lost their inherence in its unity and submission to Divine authority, were tossed to 'and fro with - every wind of man's doctrine, until at, last they were losing the truth of Jesus Christ and Him crucified. Germany, he said, was the country from which the Reformation came, England was tho disciple of Germany. ' How fined it with tho teacher, and how was it faring with tho learner ? In Germany there had been three periods or states of Christian belief in the last 300 years. In tho beginning Lutheranism had set itself up as pure and primitive Christi- anity in opposition to ' the Catholic faith, so highly dogmatic and doctrinal. It believed in a consubslautintion and in absolution, and in a multitude of other doctrines which it did not as yet reject. Little by little men found it impos- Bible for beads to hang together without a thread, and having denied tho Divine authority upon which all truth rested, having broken the thread upon which all these jewels of Divine truth were strung, having denied the Divine authority of the Church,' they began to lose and to reject doctrine after doctrine, and men were criticising these doctrines, denouncing dogmatism as the authority of men, and describing dogma as tho imposing upon one man by the autho- tity of another what he is to believe in Divine things. Tho second period on which they entered was characterised by a state of what was called Pietism. Men began to toss away doctrine. They kept Jesus Christ and' Him crucified as the central and only truth. After a time of an interior piety and an excite- ment of devotion, with less and less of positive belief, there arose up another people called Rationalists. They said, with great justice, ' "You have ejected dogma, and we reject your emotions and your devotions and your Pietism, which has no other foundation than your feel- ings. You feel this, but I don't ; you believe it, I don't believe it." This was tho beginning of tho third period of Rationalism, which meant nothing more nor less than that men took their own reason and made it a test of truth, even in revelation—a measure by which tho doctrines of Christianity are to be tested, so that what it received will be received, and what it does not receive will be rejected, Finally, tho reason of man was made tho source and foundation of every thing. That evil of nationalism prevailed in Germany at this moment. Throughout the whole of what was called the Reformation it had devoured and extinguished Christian faith in' tho great multitude of tho Prussian nation, and the other States in which tho Reformation established itself, to so great an extent that we were told that not 2 per cent, of the population of Berlin ever set their feet in a place of worship. What had happened to the teachor he feared ' might happen to the learner, and what had begun in Germany might pass over into England, unless men had the humility and tho faith to become tho disciples of the Divine Teacher. . Three hundred years ago, Parliament, by Royal authority, set up a religion by law, which was highly doctrinal and highly dogmatic in Episco- pacy and the Sacraments, differing from the Catholic Church in as few things as possible, but being torn from the unity of tho Chris- tian world and from the authority of the Vicar of Jesus Christ. For one hundred years that dogmatic religion continued. Then came Pietism or Puritanism, an interior religion, resting upon the feelings of the heart He spoke not disparagingly of that time. He respected the Puritans because they were in earnest, and because they revolted against empty and dead forms -against keeping up the belief in the Sacraments when the grace of the Sacraments was denied, and because they rejected the imita- tion of the Mass when belief in the Real Presence was denied, and for burning confessionals when belief in absolution had ceased, He respected that thorough resolute temper and spirit of those men, who believed that religion consisted in communion with God and in belief of a Divine Master ; but what had followed ? We likewise had entered into a period of Ration- alism. He did not know to what extent it had spread among the Nonconformists of this country. Some of their own members-had assured him 'that among their youth it was spreading fast by means of German literature, But he did know how far it was spreading in the Church of England, and how it had made tho University of Oxford almost its own. On every side there were books, written professedly on Christianity, penetrated through and through with Rationalism, and that by members of the Church of England. A high authority, at least in Manchester, had said the other day the foun- dation of all reasonable faith seemed to be in danger, and, in illustrating his remark, stated that the Vatican Council had invested the head of tho Church with Divine attributes, and had practically laid it down that the mind of the Church, and not Holy Scripture, was the work of God. This was Rationalism of tho highest order. ' It was not necessarily a Divine attribute for a' man as tho head of the Church to be preserved from error, or that he should receive perpetual assistance from the Spirit of Truth according to the promise of God, whereby His Church should never err from that truth delivered to it. This talk about Divine authority came from a purely rationalistic con- ception of the nature of Christianity. To absolve sin was an act of Divine authority, and yet the Church of England, in the Service for the Visita- tion of the Sick, said our Lord left power with His Church to forgive sin. Would this authority, on turning to his Book of Prayer, say whether His Church was invested with Divine attributes And as for the mind of the Church, that certainly was a Scripture-the living intelligence of the whole mystical body of Jesus Christ, on which on the day of Pentecost the Holy Ghost inscribed the whole revelation of God when there was not a particle of the New Testament written.-Times. ' THE credit of colonising New Guinea is not, after nil, to bo left, if the European Mail is tobo credited, to Queensland. The mother-country is awake, and already "The New Guinea Land, Trading, and Colonising Company, limited," has been registered in London, and steps aro being taken to carry out the objects of the company. The English are a great colonising nation, and know how to go to work. The company is going to send out two hundred volunteers, who are to receive no pay, and in consideration of that emolument are to agree to stay permanently iu New Guinea. If they leave the new colony they will, of course, suffer ruinous consequences, as they will forfeit whatever salary is coming to them. It is not specifically stated that Dr. Kenealy is to be offered the command on these terms, but we presume the ad- visability of such a step cannot fail to suggest itself to everybody in England. The volunteers will be admirably fitted out. They will in the first place seek to secure an advantageous harbor in a salubrious positiou. We presume that, to eave time, they will bring the harbor with them in sections, and the salu- brity in stoppered bottles ; and secure the harbor in a good place before taking the corks out. Then they will erect a fortified camp, no doubt building the walls of books furnished by the Society for the Propagation of Uitualism among the Heathen ; and thfiy will also build a Btore for trading purposes. One of the first things to be done is, however, according to the Mail, to erect a church, and a temporary transport steamer and a permanent gun-boat aro to be the only vessels employed in the expedition. Now, here is a lesson in colonising I Eveiy contingency has been foreseen. In the first place, New Guinea is to he colonised. There are, indeed, people resident there already, but they are to squeeze up a little closer and make room. They are also to trade, and to go to church. If they object, of course there are Bibles and gun- boats ready to effect their conversion into Chris- tians or mincemeat as may be most desirable. Agnin, they must trade fairly, that is to sny must give 1000 to 1, or the expenditure wont pay. If they wout trade fairly-gunboat again ! They will also be negotiated with for the purchase of landB by the company. That is to say, the volunteers will catch the first native they may chance to see in his Sunday clothes, will dub bim a great chief, and get him to sign a legal deed of transfer of a thousand square miles or so in consideration of a tomahawk, a no.se ring (plated), a six-bladed penknife, three yards of calico for his princess, a New Testament, a paper of pins, and a baby jumper. They will be careful to have tho deed drawn up by the most eminent legal authorities at home, only a blank for the description of the land being left open, and will read it all over (twice if he likes) to tlio " Great Chief " before he signs it. Englishmen are above taking mean advantages by legal quibbles or compulsion. Then they will hand over an additional present of a big Bible and a bottle of rum to their chief elect, who will retire to his mud palace, get drunk with the rata, and brain the princess with the Bible. The volunteers will thereafter take formal possession of tho purchased territory, and hoist "The flag which has braved " and so forth, and then missionaries will pray for a blessing on their undertaking. It ¡B just possiblo that a treacherous native population will protest that tho great chief wasn't a chief at all, but a farm laborer, and, even if he had been a chief, had no right to sell their plantations. Tho volunteers will prove that he was a chief by hanging a brass plate with " Whnppoo, King of New Guinea," engraved on it, from the cartiledge of 1ÚB nose, and by erecting a tombstone to his wife, on which she will be duly Btyled Queen or Empress, as seems most convenient. Then, if the natives prove obstructive, there is the gun-boat con- venient. In fact, the gun-boat seems likely to be the backbone of tho settlement, and, even should the climate prove hostile, they could Bhell the climate and bring it to its benses. "Specialities" in The Queenslander. THE Rev. Robert Drummond, B.A., of Edin- burgh, lecturing on the " Stage," its educational and moral influence, says :-" The stage is un- doubtedly one of the most powerful of thoso agencies by which religion is to bo humanised, and the humanities which all men may love and cultivate for themselves elevated above the dog- mas and ceremonies of priests and ministers. Let us not forget that it is in connection with the stage that the nobleBt literature in the world has been produced. It is not to be supposed that if there had been no theatre playB would still have been written, for the best plays, at all events, were composed only to be acted. And in that case, what an immense IOBB the world would have sustained I What an immense IOBB would be sustained even by thoso who never enter a thentre, but who can read and enjoy in their own closets the immortal works of the great dramatists. What lessons of wis- dom and virtue, what profound thoughts, what elevated sentiments, expressed in the most exquisitely perfect form ; what a broad, humane, and I will add, truly religiouB spirit, will you not find iu tho great dramatists of all ages ! When I think of ¿EschyluB, Sophocles, Euripides in Greece ; of Terence and Plautus, in Home ; in modern times, Racine and Corneille ; in Germany, of Goethe and Schiller ; in England, ot Shakespeare ; I am astonished that anyone, however he might lament the faults and imper- fections from which no ona pretends that the stage is free, should put himself in the position of condemning an institution which is thus identified with much that is grandest and best in the literature of the world. ... I re- member being once asked whether I should choose to die in a theatre-that being with many the crucial test of the goodness or bad- ness of any actiou-should you feel yourself prepared to meet your God while engaged in witnessing a theatrical performance! I don't think it a test at alL There are many actions innocent enough in themselves which are not peculiarly suitable to auch a solemn matter as dying must be, wherever it is possible to make death a distinct object of contemplation. But this I will Bay, that if it pleased God that I should part from this life elsewhere than in my home, then 1 do not know any framo of mind in which I would rather be when called to quit the world than that produced by many a passage of Shakespeare. So long as his dramas live-and they are immortal if anything is in thi« world it will be the fault of a depraved taste, and per- haps to no small extent of the culpable indiffér- ence of those whose duty it is to give the tone i in these matters, if the stage is not made a great v power for good, an elevating, and, in every true sense, a religious influence." SEVEBAL JIaoria have sent some beautiful mats and bags, made from New Zealand flax, to the Melbourne Exhibition. fo 