ORIGINAL REVIEW. The Dingoes, and Other Tales: By Robert BrtjOE. Wallelbernida, South Australia. "ADVERTISER" AND " CHRONICLE" OFFICES : ADELAIDE. , -i .v The tales, in verse, published under the above heading, are the production of one who has spent many years in the bush. They were written about 10 or 12 years ago at odd times, and in all sorts of strange places. The writer savs in his quaint and characteristic intro duct!on—"The tale, called 'The Dingoes, was strung together while watching a lambing yard by myself in a gunyah, so dratty and cold that I had to lay (sic) in the dark m my blankets through the long autumn evenings, ana, ^here fore, had nothing better to do, as I could not keep a candle alight to read by, and had no one to talk to. I put language into the animals' mouths to commemorate the pleasure a human pair had shortly before given me. The other stories were written wMkduvlngft team on the roads in the great drought of 1864 and 186), by my solitary camp fires. I have but to add that I can confidently recommend the tales to those fond of stories of real bush life, even though they be rhyming ones, but not to those who cannot endure anything save fault less versification, for they will not find it here. With a touch of humor he add* that he has had the tales printed on paper sufficiently large to be of use to the butterman or otherwise, being evidently of opinion that some base use might be made of them, as of the dust of Alexander, whioh Hamlet imagined might at some day atop a bung-hole. The introduction explains the principal poem, which relates how A pair of dingoes—bitch and dog Went prowlisg round in Bearch of projt. They ran with noses to the ground. And keen cocked ears to oatch each sound ; But they heard nothing save the cry Of ghost-like nightbird sailing by, And the wild moaning of the breeze Among the scrubby sandhill trees. . „ These dingoes prowl around until they Una a small lamb some two days old," which they at once proceed te devour; but the lamb having been poisoned, they pay the penalty of death for their temerity in looking after the squat ter's sheep. The dialogue between the dogs is well sustained, and the story told by Pat Murphy, which is introduced by the way, re lating how a woman in the shape of a hare was hunted by her husband, is very well told, and contains a great deal of Irish humor, with, a touch of the brogue. It is not often that we find bushmen oommg forward as literary men. The monotony of the lite they lead, and the want of any incentive to mental activity, except such as may be lur nished by the beauties of nature, often tend to dull and deaden rather than to quicken the mind. We hail, therefore, with pleasure this contribution from one of the pioneers ox civili zation in this colony. Although, as the writer says, the versification is not faultless, tnere is in many of the poems a true poetic ring, wnioti shows that the cultivation of his powers would place him on a much higher footing than he at present occupiaB. The deBorip ionsof bush lite eive a true idea of the way m which those exist who spend their lives in the dreary watch ing of sheep. The writer, however, deals rather with things than with persons, and we see rather the bush and the bushman's home than the moving actors in the dreary interior of tats vast country. It must have been fortunate for Mr. Bruce that he had some intellectual re sources to draw on by which to relieve the tedium of shepherding, and it is oreditable to him that the results of his wooing of the Muses are such as to encourage him to further 6*The" following verses from Pat Murphy's story will give a fair idea of the style m whicn it is written— ., ... " On wint the hell-hounds wid a mignty While a shtrong smell of sulphur floated On wint otfd Nick and Nid McGan all scrowlin' , Upon us as we cowered on the ground, Whiz wint that gipsy on a broomstick, howlia' , Like a big scrache owl, wid a rushm sound, Till just above us, whin a scrame she gave Would scare a dacent corpse out or Its grave. * * * "On wint the hunt till out of sight and heatin', , And wid it, too, the shtorm soon passed And one by one, betune the dark clouds peerin', . - . , The shtaTB came out wid bright and piasin ray; Thin, as no imps nor gaugers wis appearw, We to ould Kooney's oottage tuck our way, And as the batsher'd worm could not be mended, . , , We threw it in a big hole, and so mded. Some of the poems differ entirely from the foregoing in diction and metre, notably i ne Fourth of January, 1861," descriptive of a dust storm in the bush - ' The shepherd on the glaring plain Shrinks down a bush behind, _ With cracking lip and eye of pain, Before the scorching wind. " He Bees the dust storm coming high, With side wings spreading wide; There is no friendly shelter nigh No place in whioh to hide. He crouches low, he bow3 his head O'er him it howling flies, As if the Storm-King in it sped Beneath the frowning skies. In the "Bushman's Reverie" the writer makes the lonely man recall the scenes of his childhood and youth, and live m memory t old life in England o'er again; while in. tne " Albert Bells" he pays a well merited tribute to him who won for himself by his straightfor ward, manly, and Christian course the title of 'f Albert the Good." Amongst the serious poems nothing in the volume, perhaps, equals ?« The Gall of Death," in which the writer ably shows the power swayed by the King of ier " O thou, to whom both young and old, ' The cringing slave, the freeman bold, Resign their breath; At whose dread call must speed away The spirit from its house of clay ' . Thv name is Death 1 „ "* * * " The King upon his couoh of state Must yield him tamely to his fate I When thou doBt call; For bishop's prayer, or army's might, Avail him nothing in thy sight, Thou kin£ of all!" The selections given will enable our readers to form some idea of the merits of tbevolume but there are numerous poems of ^ considerable power which should be read in order to be fully appreciated. Although tnere is no attempt to dazzle by fine imagery and rounded periods, there is still a good deal in the pieces that will please those who are m terestedin bush scenes and life, £e gratified by a perusal of the bonk, yniie cordially recopimend it to all who deskre> tosee South Australia with a literature of hotJ'n, whioh shall one day rival, we hope, that of the old oountry itself. 