THE FRENCH CROWN JEWELS. Tho Paris correspondent of the London Daily 1'tUgraph, writes :— ?' The Crown jewels of France bavo returned to us. At tbc turn of tbe war they were secretly dispatched to England, and only last week was it judged safe to recall them. In number, according to the inventory made for Louis XVIII, they were already 04,812, weighing 18,761 carats, of £837,000 value. Sinoc that time precious stones have risen enormously in price, and the lato Emperor added to his treasure*. Th« crown of France, in which it act the ' Begcnl' diamond and 5360 other jewel*, wib valued at £310,000 half a century ago Tbe other famous diamond, the ' Saney,' is set in the First Emperor's sword, a nickuaclt priced at near £11,000. k plaque in brilliants of the Order of tbo Holy Ghost is calculated at £1 6,000. The Crown jewels of France were stolen on August 10, 1792, by a bond of forty thieves, n ho climbed the lamp-posts, and broke through a window of tbe gem-houso. A poor wretch was guillotined (or tho offence, wborcof ho was perfectly inno cent ; but tbe guiltleBB bead moro or lest made small difference in 1792. The jewels were all found iu the attic of a. house situated ia the Champa ElyBc'ea. but bow they got there, and bow the, police heard of thorn, is a mystery to this, day. Apropos of lamp-posts, wbieh tbe, thieves found to useful on this occasion, you may remember that I told you some weeks aincc of a now regulation here upon that subject. On the 1st of January, according to notioe, all tbe gas-jets were turned off in what are called private, streets and patsages. Nobody seems ta havo believed that the order would be carried out, and nobody, therefore waa prepared. Next day all owners of pro perty concerned received summary in structions '--. light up. A great indignation followed. People wanted to know why their street was not ' classed,' a mystery of officialism which no ono teemm equal to solving. Some refused flatly. and others applied to have tbe former system carried on at their ozpense, if it must be so. As for concert among them selves, there wob and is none, so that in these retired quarters you, aee overy form of illumination. Not a few content them selves with suspending a moderator lamp above their door. In one important pas sage tbe householder! talk of fixing so iron gate at either end. They say, with reason, that if the municipal autMoitie* will not admit the street to be publii they lbrsuelves mean to treat it Motivate and block it up. I believe the whole economy to bo effected by this vexatiouB regulation, is aboutflu.OOOayear.'1 