GUILTZ, OR NOT GUILTY. BT TKK AtTTHOB OF ' BnKACH OF PROMISE, &C.;' That ordeal over, there iR another and a very protracted one, and which a little management might greatly mitigate— that of getting your carriage. , Bare- beaded, barenecked belles, of all ages, stand, closely jostled together, by the hour, just outside St. James's Palace, awaiting the. announcement, by the Queen' footmen, that their servants are in attendance, and ready to .announce their carriages. Beaux become very anxious, f ussy, and busy; and are perfectly useless The broad daylight out of doors is very trxj&g; to the temper and tbe complexion of all but the youngest and most gentle. Lord Hichlacda looked much more made up, old, and grim, in the broad glare of day, than he had done in the softened light inside the palace. Both he and the young Marquis were very officious abont Lady BautevilJe's carriage ; and Sir Joseph Brownlow was in a perfect fame. But yet it was a very lovsg lime before the burly coachman, in his wig, and the tall foot man, with their powdered heads, gorgeous liveries, gold headed sticks, and huge hothouse bouquets, appeared in view. And all this time the fair young beauties gained in reputation for loveliness, for no daylight can reveal grey liaira, or wrinkles, 0 hollows, or rouge, or Poudre lmperatriee, or false ringlets, or artificial charms of any kind, where they do not exist ; and the Count de Roccabella, as he hovered near Miss .Lorraine, and eaw the love light in her large blue eyes, and read messages from the heart, written in blushes on her cheeks, began to find interest and inclination unite in his determination to' marry her. - I Sir Joseph Brownlow said to himself, ' I've made an impression on that young beauty. ; No girl ever looked and blushed like that unless something was busy at her heart, for the first time; and I wont s'and shilly shal ly- ing, either, till she's got a bevy of young G3ioombs about her. 1'lFstrike while the iron's hot ; before a week passes over my head I'll propose—and in a month x 11 ehosv them a Lady Brownlow worth looking at !' ' Well, the girls have made a triumphant debut, Hauteville/ eaid my lady, the Belgravian mamma, as soon as they were eafely shot into their splendid new carriage ; and were slowly progressing back to Belgrave Square. Chapter V1H. ' Way looks your grace so liettvily to-day ?' Shakkspeabe. Lord Hauteville was by his lady's eide in toe uuiib scab ui ine umrence ; me two Misses Lorraine were in the ' beauty sear,' alias the back seat. Miss Lorraine was in a sweet reverie; Augusta was enjoying the admiration of the 'outsiders.' Both were too much self engrossed to notice that, although their father mechanically answered, or rather echoed, Lady Hauteville's remark in the words, ' Very triumphant, indeed, my dear,* there was a hoarse quaver in hia voice, and that his face, always pale and stern, was positively livid ; that his eyes glared wildly, as if he had seen a ghost, ann that bis white lips were compressed, as in great pain, while the lace ruffles of his Court dress quivered with the ague-like shiver that ran through his frame, | |A.nd what had the great man seen, to cause \+ W«n nhiAAl- f AMAti S Simply a bronzed, weather beaten, rough headed, sturdy fellow, with his wide awake pulled down over his buBhy brows, and his coloured choker drawn up to his mouth, but with ienough of his dreaded, well-known faoe uncovered, for Lord bauterille to recognise ' Rough Rob ;' while in the tali, elastic form at hid side, and the face, and air, whose native beauty, character end dignity, would have well become a train, a tiara, anda plume of feithers and, so set off, would have eclipsed many of the proudest, beauties he had just left behind, the pale, trembling Hauteville recognised Bough Rob's handsome Irish wife, Mary ! Lord Hauteville had hoped and believed that Rough Hob was by this time, far away— that he was on the broad Atlantic, at least, if he had not already landed at New York, with the friends who were to join him in the specu lation for wbioh his lordship had famished Rough Bob with the funds. What oould have detained him in London P And what oould induoe him to show himself in the bread light of day, and in so denee a crowd, risking detection, apprehension, trial, and the scaffold P At the thought Lord Hauteville shook like an aspen leaf. Bough Rob, innocent, and therefore fearless, took no precautions but those which his Mary enforced. He had still a great hankering after giving himself up, and standing his trial like a man. He was strong in conviction that God would not allow an innocent man to be found guilty and to be hanged, nor the real murderer to escape the punishment of his crime. ? What if 1 be tooked and tried for my life, Mary !' he would say ; ' there's One above who cares even for a poor hnnted oretur like 1, and 1 ought to have trusted in Him, and have stood my trial like a man, and not have skulked off like a guilty wretch,' 'Oca honej' his Hary would reply; 'Och hone, och honel why will ye not be advised Bob, whin the best fri&d; ye has in the wide world says ye'd be hanged like a dog ! Surely my lord must judge better than the likes 6 you. Te'll break my heart wid'yer daring ways, ye wilL It'ud kill me dead to have ye dragged to the gallows, and I'd never know a minute's pace after 1 was onst a widow— no, not if 1 lived till a hundred, I'd never re cover the shame; and my people how they'd cast it up to me, that I ran away and got mar ned to a gallows-bird. Ooh hone, och hone !' With these and similar arguments Mary induced Rough Rob to keep indoars a good deal (a great trial to the wild maH of the woods), and when he could not bear to stay in, to conceal his person as much as he could. ' An inevitable delay in the arrangements of Mike O'Rourke, had kept Rough Rob and his wife ib Sfci Gtles'. Bat they were to sail for America the very night of the day on whioh the Queen held her first Drawing-room for that year at St. James'. Now, Mary had a oonsin, who had bettered herself— had married a rising man. who had met great luck in life : and a letter from Ire land brought the news that Mary's cousin once her equal and playfellow, her confidante, W«r*. O Halloran, who had married Lawyer O Hare, no wSir Miles O'Hara was to be are seated at Court, « and a long fchrain of feathers a,ndjoweU,andall to :%uale down before the Queen, and kiss her Majesty's hano.' Mary felt no envyjof her cousin Nora's pros penty, although the oontrast in the lot o? the two beauties, who ha4T)een girls together (and Mary much handsomer of the two) would force itself on her mmd,; bat she felt a great desire her .Court dress, and Bob, finding out this, har secret wish, over mastered her fears, and resolved she should see all that. «™,i.- u» ' „_ &£Iy ^'Sr^ £'H'PlM« * St. JanTes' *£*£ ' .A****^ did «ee her oouBin ; Mary, the head of her gray, oloak drawn over hw bonnet and her features concealed aa much as possible ; Mary, u» her Irish peasant oostmne mucn the worse for wear, clinirinp- with lave'* strength to Rough Bob, the ™S5t2£K the escaped prisoner, for whose apprehension ajthonsana pounds was offered. Bough Bob Sr *^° TO hfa head' and Non«? spark- bng with jewels, her white plumes heavingin Ute breere, leok ?n pride and ttumph/w^ httle, mean looking, sly. ugly old nkn by her sue looked down, for she was mneh taller than he was, and who was jealous of every mas that glanced at her, and seemed is a very -ill humour. And in spite of her jewels her feathers, her rich white satin train, and her pride, there was a dreary discontent in Nora's face, and Bhe answered her jealous lord sharply, there was cold scorn in the glance with which she met his suspicious scrutiny ; and seeing this, Mary dung closely to Bough Bob, and looking up into his eyes, with tears of tenderness in her own, she said. 