THE NOVELIST. THREE FEATHERS. TINTAGEL'S WALLS.—( CONTINUED.) " Am I so very harsh to my friends ?" the youn¡ lady said, in a resigned way. "Oh, well !" he said, with some compunction, "I don't quite say that ; but you could be much more pleasant if you liked, and a little more chari- table to their faults. You know there are some who would give a great deal to win your approval ; and perhaps when you find fault they are so disap- pointed that they think your words are sharper than you mean ; and sometimes you might give them credit for trying to please you, at least." " And who are these persons ?" Wenna said, with another smile stealing over her face. " Oh !" said he, rather shamefacedly, " there's no need to explain anything to you. You always see it before one need put it in words." Well, perhaps it was in his manner, or in the tone of his voice, that there was something which seemed at this moment to touch her deeply, for she half turned, and looked up at his face with an honest and earnest eyes, and said to him kindly, " Yes, I do know without your telling me ; and it makes me happy to hear you talk so ; and if I am unjust to you, you must not think it intentional. And I shall try not to be so in the future." Mrs. Trelyon was regarding with a kindly look the two young people walking on in front of her. Whatever pleased her son pleased her ; and she was glad to see him enjoy himself in so light-hearted a fashion. These two were chatting to each other in the friendliest manner ; sometimes they stopped to pick up wild flowers ; they were as two children together, under the fair and light summer skies. They went down and along a narrow valley until they suddenly stood in front of the sea, the green waters of which were breaking in upon a small and lonely creek. What strange light was this that fell from the white skies above, rendering all the objects around them sharp in outline and intense in colour ? The beach before them seemed of a pale lilac, where the green waves broke in a semicircle of white. On their right some masses of ruddy rock jutted out into the cold sea, and there were huge black caverns into which the waves dashed and roared. On their left and far above them towered a great and isolated rock, its preci- pitous sides scored here and there with twisted lines of red and yellow quartz ; and on the summit of this bold headland, amid the dark green of the sea-grass, they could see the dusky ruins—the crumbling walls, and doorways, and battlements—of the castle that is named in all the stories of King Arthur and his knights. The bridge across to the mainland has, in the course of centuries, fallen away ; but there, on the other side of the wide chasm, were the ruins of the other portions of the castle, scarcely to be distinguished in parts from the grass-grown rocks. How long ago was it since Sir Tristram rode out here to the end of the world, to find the beautiful Isoulde awaiting him—she whom he had brought from Ireland as an unwilling bride to the old King Mark ? And what of the joyous company of knights and ladies who once held high sport in the court-yard there ? Trelyon, looking shyly at his companion, could see that her eyes seemed cen- turies away from him. She was quite unconscious of his covertly staring at her ; for she was absently looking at the high and bare precipices, the deserted slopes of dark sea-grass, and the lonely and crumb- ling ruin. She was wondering whether the ghosts of those vanished people ever came back to this lonely headland, where they would find the world scarcely altered since they left it. Did they come at night, when the land was dark, and when there was a light over the sea only coming from the stars ? If one were to come at night alone, and to sit down here by the shore, might not one see strange things far overhead, or hear some sound other than the falling of the waves ? "Miss Wenna," he said—and she started suddenly —" are you bold enough to climb up to the castle ? I know my mother would rather stay here." She went with him mechanically. She followed him up the rude steps cut in tho steep slopes of slate, holding his hand where that was possible, but her head was so full of dreams that she answered him when he spoke only with a vague yes or no. When they descended again, they found that Mabyn had taken Mrs. Trelyon down to the beach, and had inveigled her into entering a huge cavern or rather a natural tunnel, that went right through, underneath the promontory on which the castle is built. They were in a sort of green-hued twilight, a scent of sea-weed filling the damp air, and their voices raising an echo in the great hall of rock. " I hope the climbing has not made you giddy," Mrs. Trelyon said, in her kind way, to Wenna, noticing that she was very silent and distraite. " Oh, no !" Mabyn said promptly. " She has been seeing ghosts. We always know when Wenna has been seeing ghosts. She remains so for hours." And, indeed, at this time she was rather more reserved than usual all during their walk back to luncheon, and while they wore in the inn ; and yet she was obviously very happy, and sometímes even amused by the childlike pleasure which Mrs Trel- yon seemed to obtain from these unwonted experi- ences. "Come, now, mother," Master Harry said, "what are you going to do for me when I come of age next month ? Fill the house with guests ?—yes, you promised that—with not more than one parson to the dozen. And when they're all feasting, and gabbling, and missing the targets with their arrows, you'll slip quietly away, and I'll drive you and Miss Wenna over here, and you'll get your feet wet again in that cavern, and you'll come up here again, and have an elegant luncheon, just like this. Won't that do ?" "I don't know about the elegance of the lun- cheon ; but I'm sure our little excursion has been very pleasant. Don't you think so, Miss Rose- warne !" Mrs. Trelyon said. " Indeed I do," said Wenna, with her big dark eyes coming back from their trance. " And here is another thing," remarked young Trelyon. " There's a picture I've seen of the heir coming of age—he's a horrid, self-sufficient young cad, but never mind—and it seems to be a day of general jollification. Can't I give a present to somebody ? Well, I'm going to give it to a young lady, who never cares for anything but what she can give away again to somebody else ; anti it is— well, it is—why don't you guess Mabyn." " I don't know what you mean to give Wenna," said Mabyn naturally. " Why, you silly, I mean to give her a dozen sewing machines—a baker's dozen—thirteen— there ! Oh ! I heard you as you came along, it was all, 'Three sewing machines will cost so much and four sewing machines will cost so much, and five sewing machines will cost so much. And a penny a week from so many subscribers will be so much, and twopence a week from so many will be so much ;' and all this as if my mother could tell you how much twice two was. My arithmetic ain't very brilliant ; but as for hers—— And these you shall have, Miss Wenna—one baker's dozen of sewing-machines, as per order, duly delivered, carriage free ; empty casks and bottles to be re- turned." " That is very kind of you, Mr. Trelyon," Wenna said—and all the dreams had gone straight out of her head so soon as this was mentioned—" but we can't possibly accept them. You know our scheme is to make the Sewing Club quite self- supporting—no charity." " Oh, what stuff !" the young gentleman cried. " You know you will give all your labour and supervision for nothing—isn't that charity ? And you know yon will let off all sorts of people owing you subscriptions the moment some blessed baby falls ill. And you know you won't charge interest on all the outlay. But if you insist on paying me back for my sewing-machines out of the overwhelming profits at the end of next year, then I'll take the money. I'm not proud." Then we will take six sewing-machines from you, if you please, Mr. Trelyon, on those condi- tions," said Wenna, gravely. And Master Harry —with a look towards Mabyn which was just about as good as a wink—consented. As they drove quietly back again to Eglosilyan, Mabyn had taken her former place by the driver, and found him uncommonly thoughtful. He answered her questions, but that was all ; and it was so unusual to find Harry Trelyon in this mood that she said to him. " Mr. Trelyon, have you been seeing ghosts, too ?" He turned to her and said, " I was thinking about something. Look here, Mabyn ; did you ever know any one, or do you know any one, whose face is a sort of barometer to you ? Suppose that you see her look pale and tired, or sad in any way, then down go your spirits, and you almost wish you had never been born. When you see her face brighten up, and get full of healthy colour, you feel glad enough to burst out singing, or go mad ; anyhow, you know that everything's all right. What the weather is, what people may say about you, whatever else may happen to you, that's nothing ; all you want to see is just that one person's face look perfectly bright and perfectly happy, and nothing can touch you then. Did you ever know anybody like that ?" he added, rather abruptly. " Oh, yes !" said Mabyn, in a low voice ; "that is when you are in love with some one. And there is only one face in all the world that I look to for all these things, there is only one person I know who tells you openly and simply in her face all that effects her, and that is our Wenna. I suppose you have noticed that Mr. Trelyon ?" But he did not make any answer. 