T IT. E INCH M !» E N T (J E ! Ti A ( S I-I O T . | l'.v ! i; :: i.ii'i'i:xr.A.!i, \\..;.t.. i 1 i ; mi jnsk arrived from Oxford, and wna i standing at tlio book-stall of the Haddington terminus, inquiring for a cheap edition of one , of Lever's eurlv novels, whun a middle-aged rutin, a clergyman, cauio up to tlio satno stall, and nsked tlio hustling nowspaper-man, who was busy folding a bundlo of newspapers still wet from the press, for a second-hand copy of Warburton's I'lVmv.nf nul th<: ' I hardly knew why, but tlio lace of my iellow pur chaser struck mo as a remarkable one ; and being a little of an artist, and about as much of a physiognomist, I gave him him a long and studious look. J.Io was a tall, stronglv- mnde clergyman, in high-church custom — oollnrleBS coat, cassock waistcoat, and Roman collar ; nnd thoro was a deep band of crapo round his hat. A high wide brow, rather deeply furrowed by contemplation ; keen, cold, gray eyes ; a close-pressed mouth ; and a full bold chin, indicating an indexible will, — were the chief points I observed, combining to produce the face of a man of strong sodsb and determination. For a missionary bishop or a Havelock — allying the soldier and the man of religion — such a faco seemed to promise every qualification. His manner . quiet, self-possessed, imperturbable, was just what might t.hav.e_be.eu expected from such a < countenance. As the head of my college, as my colonel, as the bead of my firm, ns my doctor 'in the hour of danger, as my priest, as my bishop, I could liavo confided in such a mau. A magnetic sense of power, physical and mental, seemed to pass from him and instantly overcome my wo.aker will. "How much f L asked ; two shillings r "Two shillings." I took out my purse, but' found to my morti fication, I had no more silver, and only tho two £-20 notes my father had sent me for my trip in Cornwall. " I. am so sorry," I said to the book-stall- keepsr ; " I have no silver, and only two £20 notes. I suppose I could not take the book, and pny f'or it when I return from Cornwall?" "Not exactly," said the man insolently, as he slapped tho damp papers together ; " I've dene that once too often. No, not for Joseph ! " "You need not be insolent," I said, rather ruffled. "We don't give credit, sir, at the establish ment." " Pray allow me to have the pleasure ot paying for the book in question," said my fellow-purchaser, stepping towards me. I 7 think I hoard you say you wore going west, — to Cornwall. So am I. We are perhaps going to the same hotel." I thanked him, accepted his offer, and ex plained that I had some notes in my purse, but no silver. I was going to the Great Western Hotel.' So was he. My luggage and his, he believed, had just gone on by the some track. We walked together to the hotel. He proved most agreeable- a thorough travelled man of the world, full of anecdote and humoroas allusion. The Reverend Henry Atkins, Vicarage, Bagahot, that was the name and address he gave, as we stood in the hotel- office taking our bedrooms. We were. both, we found. Eroiner to Exeter, bv the 7.15 p.m. train the next day. I changed one of my notes, paid back the small sum borrowed, thanked him, and we parted. " I hope we shall meet again," he said on parting. He followed the porter who carried his truuk and bag upstairs. I watched him as he wont up out of sight, and said to myself, "That mau was born for a statesman or a general ; what a pity snob a mind should bo restricted to the petty cares of a small parish! Well," thought I, "if everyone was in his right place, the world would be very different," I went to the theatre that night to see tho last burlesque, as eager for London amuse ments ns an Oxford man who had been read ing hard for his degree might be pardoned for being. I did not stay for the last piece, and got back to the hotel about half-past eleven. To while away half an hour, I strolled into the billiard-room near the hotel. There was a raffish sort of psendo-militnry man playing with a friend — a Jew. Tbey played reasonably well ; und once or twice the Captain (as he was called) made a win. nine- hazard that rather astonished me, had it not been obviously the effect of luck more than of skill. At the end of the game the Jew left, and the Captain, after one or two ex perimental strokes, in which he failed, asked me if I had any objection to a game. I accepted the invitation, being rather proud of my play. JuBt as I had selected my cue aud chalked the end, the little Jew returned, and perched himself on a high seat close to the marker. Five shillings a game the Captain proposed, juat to prevent it being insipid. "One gets so doosed careless," he said, "if one doesn't play for something. — Mosy, be kind enough to touch the bell. I must have some brandy hot ; that infernal cham we had at Greenwich has, I declare, made me feel quite queer." The waiter came ; and after a gulp of the brandy, the Captain said he felt more himself, and made one or two very fair strokes ; then he fell off again, and missed twice. " Fred, you're no good to-night ; not a bit of good," said the jew. " I shall put my money on this gentleman, for he plays a good Bteady game." I made three very good strokes in succession, encouraged by this praise (ass that 1 was !) ; and every time I scored, the little Jew rolled back in his seat and exclaimed with unction, " Stroke indeed ! " As I turned round to chalk my one and take the red ball out of the left-band top pocket, into which I had struck it, I saw, to my surprise, the stern oalm face of my menu of ilio morning fixed steudily on me. ' 1 fo bed come in unnoticed by me, and was; ait near die marker, ut.d sneaking to ' 111"' in a low voice. ! nodded to ldm, and ' went on with tlio game, which 1 wo:, in a ' canter. ' Like my confounded luck!" said the' Captiin, tossing do-.vn t!m live shilling.?, aud ! spitefully digging his cue into tho chalk till it ! squeaked with pain : " hut I'm always a happy- 1 go-lucky : come, L'il have iiiiutdior go. ' " That's right, Fred," said tho Jew ; " never say die ; bat. lord, you'ro no mutch fni- this gentleman. \ m: never could do tho long stroko ; you never put side enough on, does he, marker " The drowsy marker, who laid been mechani cally doling out tho score, shrugged his shoulders, and said, "The Captain plays a very good game when ho tries ; but he does not always leave' cm as he should do." "tdupposo wc hare a little 'more liquid before wo bogin again," said the captain to mo. "What shall it be ? 1 feel awfully dry. Lot's liavo mora brandy. I can't hit it, some- ; how, to-night at all. How awfully 1 missed I that last cannon ! " I " Well, you did," said tho Jew. " Why, T believe I could have got that." I | "0, of course you could ; you can do any- ' thing. — Touch tho bell, marker ; thank you. I — Excuse mo a moment, sir; I must just- go ! nnd secure my bed. I didn't tell them 1 ' should sleep hero. — Come along, Mosy, aud j soe about yours." The moment tlioy had gone, tho Vicar of | Bagshot camo straight up to- me with a very j serious and earnest expression on his face. " You may think mo iustrusive," lie said, j " hut do let mo strongly advise you not I to play another game with that fellow. ! That is Muedougall, ono of tho most notorious j billiaril-sharpers in London ; tho Jew is an j accomplice. The rascal has let you win tho ; first game; he'll now propose higher stakes I aud win. Take care too or they'll doctor ; your brandy. They've gone out now to get I something to mnko it get into your head fnster j before the betting begins. 1 have no motive, | you must see, but tho interest. I feel for a i young mnn unacquainted with London tricks. Hush ! bore they come." Just at that moment tho brandy nnd the two thieves came in. I observed the Jew instantly go towards the smoking glasses and stir ouo ot them round as bo turned bin back to mo. Tho Captain pulled off his coat, turned up his right shirt-cuff, and spotted tho rod bnll with his usual gay nonchalnuco. " You begin," he said. "Thank you," said I, putting on my coat, "I don't think I shall play any more to night." " Not piny ? not play ? why, you engaged with me," he said, looking round the room in surprise, half in suspicion, half in anger. " May I nsk, sir, what has produced tin's sudden change of inteutiou ?" " Murker," said I, " you may tako that brandy-atid-water — I have had enough ; I'm afraid you will find it rather strong." "0, I see," said the Captaiu, unmasking at once nnd advancing threateningly towards the Vicar, who was watching him like a hawk. "This fellow here, whoever he may be, has been good enough to slander me and my friend while my hack was turned. — And pray, sir, who are you ? " As he said this he walked np to the Vicar,' flourishing tho butt end of the cue menacingly. "I don't know your name," he said, with a loikg impudent fixed stare, "or where you are parson, but you're as like a lag I. once knew in Australia as ' two peas. — You remember Gentleman Jack, Mosy ? " "Ofconrse I do, and s'elp me, but he's the very image of him," jabbered the Jew. "You were, then, I presume, in tho chain- gang," said the jVicar, as he rose and clenched his fist. "I'll hear this insolence no longer. Yon are both notorious billiard-sharpers ; the marker knows it and has been paid for admitting you. The polioe all know you. One word mora nnd T'll rinrr t.ha hall nnd send the waiter for a constable, and give you in chnrgo. Now you be off. I won't take tho trouble to knock down the sham Captaiu for his insolence — a feather would do that. Go, both of you; I'll not let my friend be robbed by two such pitiful thievoB." The Captain was a poltroon. I saw that he could have stabbed the Vicar on tho spot. His colour came and went. He had once resolved on a rush ; thou a fear seized him, as he saw his adversary standing like a statue — a phalanx in himself. Muttering and cursing, the two rascals Blunk away, like Satan from the sphere of the archangel. "Perfect strangers to. me, I assure you, gents," said the narker ; "never seed 'em afore in my life." j "You don't take your brandy," said I. "Don't seem to care for any more, thank you, sir. You pay for the table, sir ? " "He doesn't deserve it, but still pay," said tho Vicar, So I paid.. "The police shall know how these rooms are conducted, depend upon it," he said to tho marker ns we left ; "you might as woll gar rotte a man at once. — What a citv ! " ho' said to me as we turned to thehotol, and I thanked him for his good advice. " What a whirlpool of godless iniquity ! Adulterated bread — adul terated wine — adulterated beer — adulterated medicines — the very adulterating ingredients themselves adulterated ! At every foot one walks a snare ; iu every street a pitfall ; vir tue only vice disguised, and vice itself as like virtue as if she was her twin-sister ; sham everything ! When will the fire descend upon it ? when will the fire de'scend ?" In the coffee-room, where we sat talking for half an hour, I expressed ray surprise at the Vicar's entering a public billiard-room. " You do not know me," he said. " I am like Paley ; I am never afraid of humbugs. I like to see the devil's schemes; that I may counteract them. We Charch-of-England men know too little of the world ; that is why the BelialB and the Asmodei of cities cheat and fool us so often and outrageously. I'make a point, when I visit the metropolis, of occasion ally going to such places. Another night you might have met me at Cromorne, or at the equally dangerous Alhambra. It is my duty, Bir, and however unpleasant, I go everywhere to see sin and folly at their flood-tide. You will at least admit that my experience of ras cality has been useful to you to-night ? " "I owe you a thousand tbankB," I said, " I had heard of billiard-sharpers, but had never met any before." " I think I'll wish you a good-night now," he said, "as I am accustomed to early conntry boars, and I begin to feel what ohildren call 1 the sandman ' busy nt my eyes. To-morrow, 1 then, at .7.15. wo meet. Good- night." So L wished i he Vicar good-night, and wo parted. L was out nearly all day, making calls nnd transacting business. I got back to ' the hotel about half-past six,- ordered down my j luggage, and ask oil nt the bat- if the Rev. Mr. I Atkinson was gone, Tlio porter said ho was i on tho platform waiting for me. He had just i paid his bill and taken his luggage forward. t I took my ticket, hut did not see liiin. I i ! get my luggage labelled for Exctot- ; still ho I did not appear ; but when the guard opened j ; the door of a first- class carriago for rao, I ; ' found a plaid and some books ou tho opposite j ' soat. ; ! "There's a gentleman, sir, a clergyman, ' taken that. seat. lie's been looking for a j i friend. 1 supposo that's you, sir. If he don't ! i look sharp, he'll miss the train." j , Tho guard had already como for the tickots. The sharp cry, "Tako your seats !" had just I ! gone forth, when tho Vicar came running up, i ! and said, ""pen this door, guard ."Tho guard j j opened the door, and tho Vicar took his place, | laughing, opposito me. I hardly knew him at | first, for he woro a large dark greatcoat, and i had on a travelling- cap drawn down over his | eyes and with llaps over his oars. He had a roll of papers nod two magazines in his hand. | " How hate this fuss aud hnrry ! " he said i ns he folded his plaid over his legs ; " how I | hate thisdestruetieu ofal! individuality ! When i I was young, tho coach-jouruoy was a deliber- j alo quiet affuir — tlio traveller was a recognised | individuality. The coachman and guard | knew you, and chatted ; the landlord chatted ; I tho ostler chatted ; tho iusides and outsides i know you, aud chatted. Th«re was interest iu every village; the people came out to see you pass ; tho inn- dinner was amusing. Now you are a mere pat-eel sent by train. The pointsman, the signalman, are mere machines, not cared for by you, and not caring for yon. Whiz, rattle, battle, scream, hiss ! away you are flashed, und the only thing to break the journey is tho name of a station so pronounced as to bo unintelligible." I laughed, and hinted at tho annoyances, delays, and dangers of the old system — the overladen coaches, the exorbitant landlords, the endless fees. "Well," he said, " perhaps in a future ago of balloous or olectric-spark expresses, poople will talk of the delight of railway trovelliug. Tho past is always praised in order to spito the present." Then we foil to reading. We had scarcely begun before — whirr ! — the darkness of a r„n „„ luuuo. i w 1 1 upuu ua, "It is always so," said my amusing com panion. "I never began to read in n railway in my life, that we did not pass through a tunuel before I had well got through the first page." My travelling companion was an extraor dinary person. IIo had beets everywhere, and seeu everything. No capital of Europe but he knew ultimately. "You seem surprised," he said, "at ray having travelled so much ; but when I was at Oxford 1 spout all iny long vacations in travel ling ; and during the little time I was in the army, before more serious convictions induced me to outer the Church, I saw something of tho colonies." The Vicar's information seemed boundless. He discussed the geology of Devonshire and the minoralogy of Cornwall. He had views on military tuotic3 and artillery. He was in terested in engineering and chemistry, and seemed quietly conversant with all the latest discoveries in the latter science. " I went tho other day," he said to me, as it began to grow dark, " to a lecture on alchemy. Tho professor expressed his belief in great discoveries shortly to be made, in something that would supersede coal and steam, aerial navigation, aud in the transmutation of metals. But I tiro you ? " " Not at all." " He expressed his own and Liebig's belief that the manufacture of diamonds and gold would soon be possible by the merest tyro. He showed ns small rubies that had been pro duced by chemical action. There seemed no bound to the discoveries this thoughtful man did not suggest — the principle of beef and corn from the cointnou earth, gold and jewels from the very roadside Hints : gold would soon, he said, be of no value, poverty would disappear frotn the earth ; new manures would turn the deserts into priaries, and double the resources of the world. Ho ridiculed steam ; he — " All this was profoundly interesting ; but, somehow or other, wearied by a long day's fagging about London, I felt drowBy, and the worda of my companion seemed suddenly to chaugo into a buz, buz, buz, buz, that kept in cadence with the sound of the train as it tore through part of Devonshire. I fell nsleop, and a dream arose before me. I was alone at night in a railway- carriage with a mau who thought me asleep. He stole towards tho door, unlocked it quietly with a railway. key ho drew from his pocket, and opened it. Theu rifliug my pockets (some strange . numbness prevented my crying out), he dragged me to the door, and shot me out into the darkness. The horror of that moment and some rustling movement in the carriago awoke me. I scarcely know why, but a straugo instantaneous caution prevented me moving or at once opening my eyes. At that moment I felt a light haud, with practised care, touch my breaBt pocket, where my mouey was,' and I felt hot breath upon my cheek, as if some one was listening to my breathing. Presently I heard the breath no longer, nor the motion of the haud, and heard my com panion — for the breath and hand was his — return to his seat. A moment or two after, without moving, I opened one eye for an instant only, and to my horror and surprise saw tho Vicar sitting at the farther window perfectly bald and with a wig iu his hand — a pair of black moustachios and a beard were on his knees, and he was slipping a pair of large green spectacles into a shagreen case ; a little bottle aad a small sponge were on the cushion by his side. What did this mean? Was it possible this intellectual thoughtful clergyman was, after all, only a common swindler fiyiag from jus tice ? What could I do ? Should I at once arouse, and denounce him ? No ; be might be armed, and might shoot or stab me before I could summon the guard or arrive at the next Btation. No. I resolved to lie still, and wait till I could either change carriages or iuform the police. The train rattled on, as if bound to rush for ever through illimitable apace — on, on, through the yielding darknesB. All at once a strange medicated smell spread round me, and before I could open my eyeB, a sponge steeped in chloroform was pressed chokingly tight orer my Dose and month. I tried to resist, hut f felt an irresistible faintness creep swiftly over mo ; at tho samo moment my watch and purse ile-.v from tny pocket, and I was dashed hack con temptuously upon (ho seat - n living corpse. When I awoke, I was lyir.g on a bed in tho Exeter Hospital, faint, exhausted, and scarcely able to move. Tho doctor said L had had so heavy a doso of chloroform, that my recovery for a long timo had seemed doubtful. I need luvrdly say I had boon stripped of everything ! by my friend the Vicar, who was a professional thief of tlio highest class. About two yours after that event, tho fol lowing paragraph met my eye in a Leeds . paper : " S niA-v. : :: Dkatii or a Tiiu-:r. — On Thursday, a first-class passenger by the night-mail North fell from acarriagoa few miles beyond Carlisle, and wns killed on tho spot. It is supposed that lie was a professional thief, and having chloroformed and robbed a follow-pas-a-cgor. a rich manufacturer from Bradford, was trying to creep into an oriipty second-class carriage, the better to escape at tho first station, when ho lost his hold aud foil, and tho train passed over him. A guard has L-ecognisoJ him as John Rogers, alias ' Gonlloman Jack' — a re turned convict, long notorious for railway rob beries. Rogers, who was au accomplished and well-educuted man, hnd once been iu the Church ; - but having had his gown taken from him for disgracoful conduct, ho loft England, and obtained a commission in tho Neapolitan sorvice ; being oventually driven from that also, lie turned swindlor, card-sharper, and swell-inobsraaii. Latterly, having escaped from Australia, lie has infostod tho chief English lines of railway under various disguises, and from timo to time chloroformed and robbed any passougers who were unlucky enough to travel with him by night alone." Fisher's Ghost. — On tho fourth pago of a lato issue of tho Courier wo published an articlo by Mr. Marcus Clnrko, entitled "The truo story of Fisher's ghost" which originally nppoarod in the Australasian of tho 11th inst. Tho following lotters referring to tho abovo story nppoarod in tho Australasian of tho 21st inst. ; — Sir, — I have rood with much interest Mr. Marcus Clarke's paper concerning Fisher's ghost, and on the premises which ho assutnos I must allow- that his argument is sufficient. He avers that ho had soon the ovidenco taken nt tho trial of Worral, which contains no allusion -to tho appearance of tho ghost of tho murdered man, i anil ho argues that therefore tho story of tho ghost is tho rosult of gossip and rumour. But I tho fact is that tho presiding j.udgo would not j liavo nllowod any allusion to tho supernatural, or j supposod supernatural, appoaranco to ho taken as ovidenco, and, nil reforonco to it being forbidden, no truce of tho ghost part of tlio story conld appear in tho evidence. Mr-. Clurko's theory, thoreforo falls to tho ground, nnd so candid a writer will admit that it docs so. I have raysolf conversed with many persons who wore living nt Campbolltowu at tlio timo of tho murder of Fisher, nnd among them thoro was not ono who doubted that tho appearance, or supposed appoaranco, of Fishor's ghost was tho causo of tho search for Fishor's body, and of tho trial of Worrnl. At tho trinl, only tho ovidonce procured by tho police would ho admitted. Many years nltoi-wnrds n sonio- wliat similar trial took, plnco, during which I was present iu court. An old mnn mimed Cott was missing, lie used to work nt some farms about some two or throe miles from Muitlund, and occasionally to go to tho Wolloinbi, and work tbore. Ho bid his Maitland frioml good- byo ono day, tolling thorn that ho wns about to go to tho Wolloinbi on tlio following morning. After some timo it transpired that ho hail not appeared at the Wolloinbi. Inquirios wore mndo, but nothing was discovered. Unlike Fisher, Cott had no farm, and no ono had steppod into possession of property by reason of his donth. Suspicion was directed against no one, and after a time the disappearance of Cott censod to be matter of comment. Suddenly a servant girl in Maitland who had known neither Cott nor Hayes, had o dream in which she saw Cott, who told her that he had been murdered by Ilayos, and desoribed minutoly the place into which his body hud boon thrown, and whore it had been covered up with earth. Tho girl was terrified and told her mistress that she must leavo hor placo. When askod hor reason for dosiring to go away, she eventually told hor mistress about the droatn. Her mistress very sensibly persuaded hor to let the chief constable be sent for. The girl told hor story. Tho chiof constnblo wont to the farm of Haye9, employed two men to dig at tho spot described, found Cott's body, arrosted lLiyesnndprocurod such circumstantial ovidenco ns was to bo found before tho assize Court sat. Judge Dickinson triod tho case at Mnitlnnd. Not a word of supernatural appoaranco or dronin was nllowod to bo uttored by any witness I confidently submit to Mr. Marcus Ginrko's judgement that tho consequence is, that tho nbsonco of any nllusion of Fishor's ghost at tho trial of Wort-al in no way impugns or oven touchos tho veracity of tho story that a cortnin. man saw or thought ho saw Fishor's ghost, and thus set tho black tracker nnd tho law in motion, and cuusod the npprohonsion and conviction of Worrul. — Yours, &e.;, Astiquus." — " Sir, — I do not draw tho same deductions from tho story of Fisher's ghost, as detailed by Mr. Marcus Clarke in last wook's Australasian, as that gentleman does ; and though I cannot say I hnve any great faith in ghosts, I boliovo au unaccountable sympathy oxists in somo human minds which no distance nnd no vital state can destroy, and which is called into action under extraordinary though unknown 'circumstances. I knew numbers of pooplo in Campbolltowu who a fow years only aftor tho story was told, believed in Fisher's ghost. A few did not but thoy had another beliof. They were quite sure that the man who said he saw the ghost sitting on tho fence believed in tho vision. By him it was no idle talo, whatever way it ha3 been twisted about since. But to Mr. Clarke's roasoning. Ho says that Fisher's breeches disclosed the murder. Tho ovidenco he adduces does not show that. Tho article of apparel, and something else, gave l-iso to suspicions, but it was not tho breeches that led Billy Gilbert to tho water- hole where Fisher's body was found. Constable Pearce and another whose name I forget, who were in Campbelltown at the time of my visit, assured me that but for the blood and hair on the rail of the Wattle- paddock (as it was called) there was no tolling when if ever tho body would have been found. It was not tho breeches that led them there, the stains and the hair could not be seen except by very close examination and there was no probability of these over being seen, if spooinl attention had not been directed to the end of that particular panol.of fenco, over which Fisher's dead body had been dragged. What directed this special attention ? Not the breeches. Suspicion had been aroused, but no blood, no hair, no dead body had been seen till the police went to the identical panel of fence where Farley, or what ever his name was, " said he saw Fisher sitting." From that moment the murderer's doom was sealed, and whether Farley saw the ghoBt or only fancied he did, his — statement not the breeches — led to the immediate search for and finding the body in the direction the ghost was said to have walked from the fence. It was either a real ghost or Farley's imagination that led to the discovery of Fisher's body and the conviotion of the murderer. — Yours, &c.;, Old Chum." 1 Iollow.yy's tUsi'JtuxT and Bills. — Health's dafonccs. — Tone save tho strongest e.-in with im punity pass through 'he suldon transitions i'rom wet to dry, -from e"M to muggy weather always prevalent during t'nti Into autumn ami early win- j lor mouths. Iulluenmi. lu-otichit is, cuiigli, sore throat, diphtheria, or quinsey will attack t :.o= o i most watchful of their health; but titer can j readily arrest any oi' lltese complaints by rubbing j lloiinway'.-: ointment twin ; a day upon tlio skin j adjacent to t.bo afiected part, and by assisting its j corrective action with appropriate dosos of his ! pills. This well-known, safe, ami easy mode of i treatment efficiently protocLs tho invalid' both j Cram present, and fiituro danger without weaken- j ing or oven depressing tlio system in tho slightest j ; degree. j i W'r.sTos's Wi/.Aitn On.. — Have you iniltim- | ! matory sore throat, still' joints, or- lamoness ' from any eattso whatever? Have you rheumatic j or other pains in any part of the body ? If so, | use ll tsffin's Wizard Oil internally and c-vtcrnaily. j . Many persons stiller with sick headache, and ! nervous headache, usually induced by costive- j noss, indigestion, Ac. Weston's Mauic Fills ! act specially on the Blood, Livr.it, and Kidneys, I and produce it regularity of tin UiwzU so ossontial > I to health and comfort. j "Berkeley, Sept., 1S69. — Gentlemen. — I : foci it a duty 1 owo to you to express my gratitude for tlio groat benefit I liavo derived by taking 'Norton's Oamomilo Pills." I applied to your agont, Mr. Roll, Borkelcy, for tho ubovonntnod Pills, for wind in tlio stomach, from which I Hull'erod excruciating pain for a longth of time, ; having tried nonrly every romody proscribed, but without deriving any bnnofit at all. After taking two bottles of your vuluublo Fills I was | quito restored to my usual stato of lioalth. i Pleaso givo this publicity for tho boitolit ol thoso wito may bo thus ulilictud. — I am, Sir, yours truly, Henry Ali.I'ass. — To tho proprietors of NORTON'S CAMOMILE FILLS." 