VICTORIA COURSING CLUB. [From the Geelong Advertiser] DERBY AND OAKS STAKES. By "Nimrod." Third Day April 23rd. The special train which conveyed sportsmen to Digger's Rest this morning was fairly patronised, and nothing could exceed the loveliness of the weather. The ground also was in splendid order for running, and, hares being found in tolerable abundance, a very pleasant day was passed by all lovers of the sport. The first pair of dogs put in the slips was our Geelong representative, Sea Breeze, and Mr. D. G. Clarke's Telegraph, a son of Pilot. . > > ' . Derby-2nd Ties. To a long slip Sea Breeze by favor got first turn ; Telegraph showed a lot of speed, but he never had a show with Mr. Hopkins's dog, who killed magnificently and won. Merry Monarch got unsighted, but when they got together Gan- der appeared to have the have all to himself in a good working trial when they disappeared from view. Gander won. To a beautiful ship Doctor Loup Garou went up to the fire as if coupled ; the former, I thought, had the turn, but while in view the Doctor had all the best of a well-run course and won, but when the judge returned he informed me that he only won by four points which was no disgrace to the son of old Pilot. Rantin Robin ran a bye to a hare-run about three miles by a policeman and a madman which the dogs of course ran into almost at once, and killed-a very lucky bye for Mr, Rocke's son of Margery Daw. This finished the second ties for the Derby, and Jessica and Ladybird were handed over to Banner for the second ties of the Oaks. Ladybird led Jessica ten lengths for first turn, but the hare got into cover before any work was done. Ladybird appeared, however, to have the foot of Jessica, and won a very unsatisfactory course from Mr. Woodhouse. Venus led. Gipsy one length for first turn, the latter ran into her hare and I killed, which brought off the hat. Next time Venus led and turned and served the Gipsy, who appeared to me to suffer a go-by and turned both dogs got unsighted, eventually Gipsy got away and had a long course single handed. No course. Bossy Venus ultimately won all one way. Day Dawn ran a bye, Miss Watson drawn from an injury received on the previous day. They were let go to a hare but had to go to slips again as they have got un- sighted too soon. Day Dawn killed next time very smartly and looked all over a winner. Barratta led Maggie Moore and in a brilliantly run course scarcely ever let her companion score a single point. Derby Stakes-3rd Ties. Sea Breeze led up from slips, Gander went up but unsighting for a moment lost a lot of ground ; Sea Breeze turned and handled his game in such brilliant style as to elicit from the crowd shouts of applause. Gander hung fire and had not the ghost of a chance with this grandson of old Sea Swell, who brought his share round several times through the spectators, and killed, winning one of the finest run courses of the meet, Rantin Robin and Doctor went up to pass together, but the Doctor could not line with his speedy opponent, who won a well run course hands down. Oaks Stakes- 3rd Ties, A splendid champagne luncheon was partaken of provided by Mr. Clarke, after which Bessy Venus led up to her here, showing great pace, and served Ladybird who made good use of her opportunity and wrenched ; then driving very determinedly, in trying to kill, fell. The half sister to Mr. Nugent's Geordie again got in, and never left the seat of the hand until it escaped in long grass, and won. Mr. Lempriere's bitch ran a very determined greyhound, and, had she not fallen, probably would have turned the tables on her companion. Barratta unsighted, but when they got together Day Dawn got a couple of meritorious points ; several exchanges followed, whonBurratttttookuptho running, and I thought she worked her share closer than anything I saw in the stake. She reminded me of the brilliant form in which the illustrious dam, Miss Heller, ran when she won the Waterloo Cup of 1873. Final Round Derby Stakes. Sea Breeze and Rantin' Robin exchanged places in a long load up. The latter got first turn by favor. Several exchanges followed, and when they disappeared from view Sea Breeze had two points the best of it, A long course ensued out of sight. On the judge returning the flag went up for Mr. Hopkins' nomination, and the first Australian Derby went to Geelong. The judge informed me he won by six points, and this it must be remembered. against a dog immensely favoured in comparison to the winner, who had severe courses throughout, Ruth' Robin getting off with a bye of only 200 yards in length. Final Court Oaks Stakes. To iv tremendous long slip Venus shot away to the front Barratta putting on the steam passed her, but by favour; Vonà got. first turn, serving Barratta, who handled wr game in splendid style, putting together five points before disappearing from view, Mr Gardiner informed me afterwards that Barratta won very easily, thus scoring another stake for Mr Watson's kennel, One with the dam of the present winner (Miss Holler), who won the Waterloo Cup of 1873 j and the inaugural Oaks Stakes of Victoria with Barratta, a puppy of her first litter, by Mr. McCulloch's celebrated dog Cunial london. I was exceedingly gratified to see this bitch win the stake, inasmuch as it went a long way to confirm the running of Miss Heller in the first Waterloo Cup over run for in this colony, a difference of opinion from the judge on that occasion having got abroad that she did not win fairly, but I am in a position to affirm that no dog over won a stake more truly than that celebrated bitch, mJio killed every here she was slipped to late one, very singular to state Sea, Breeze and. Barratta killed every hare they were slipped at on the present occasion, I must congratulate Mr. F. Gardiner on the able manner in which he got through his arduous duties. There is no doubt in my mind about his being the right man in the right place. I have never yet had any occasion to dispute any of his decisions, and it is rather singular that I have been able to tip the winner of every stake he has judged up to the present. Mr. R. Banner had a very difficult duty, to perform, and I am only suprised that he got through his work so creditably as he did, but I would like to see him give his dogs shorter slips, especially when he has parties, to deal with. In any case I hope Bonner, will take a friendly hint, and give less we 1 consider the sanitary site stewards conducted the field operations most efficiently. I never saw beating better done on any field in the colony. Of course some mistakes occurred, but if we look for infallibility we look in vain for that which we never can acquire. I shall offer a few remarks on the running and other matters connected with the Derby and Oaks on a future occasion. Derby Stakes and Tibs. Sea Breeze beat Telegraph. Gander beat Merry Monarch. Doctor beat Loup Garou.. 1 Hanlin Robin ran a bye. . ' ' Oak Stakes-2nd Ties. ' ' . Lady Bird beat Jessica. Bessy Venus beat Gipsy. Day Dawn ran a bye, Miss Watson drawn. I Bmatta boat Maggie Moore. j Derby Stakes-3rd Ties. Sea Breeze beat Gander. i , Rantin' Robin beat Doctor. > 1 Oaks-3rd Ties. ° Bessy Venus beat Lady Bird. . Barratta beat Day Dawn. e, Derby Final Course. i ,, 1 Mr. A. Hopkins' (and wid Sea Breeze, Sea Swell Fly (Wyatt's, September 15th, 1873, best Mr. W. H Rocke's f d Rantin' Robin, Tiger Margery Daw, I July 28th, 1873, and won the Derby Stakes (£85). , i Oaks-Final Course. Mr. W. Watson's f b Barratta, Cumloden Miss Helier (winner of Waterloo Cup, 1873), December 5th, 1873, 'beat Mr. W. Marshall's f b Bessy Venus, Springbok-Veny (dim of Mr. Nuirent'a George), December 8th, 1873, and won the Oak Stakes (£100) The final course between these two winners, for a £20 trophy, will take place on the day on which the St. Leger will be decided. 