()QIGINAh\ OOKEim'O S'JJESGE. . PRETTY SVOTR ' to the editor of the tasman1an tribune. SiR'JV-The. letter/' sigVied 41 P. Q. Fysh," hSfWell-jii tbc'accoinpaiiving.niemo of tlie MiuUter(?ofjiLands\andviW wliich appeared in ,tlio Mcrctiry uudctthc aboye heading; require Bbme-noticc,rfbfi a more iiid.epcnclcut character, than they are likely, fco ;receivev froni tfieir- fownj, 6rgansa"t;the Press. vr8 if nossiblb1 that7cithcr the Colonial Secretary or :Mr. .Aloorc was not until very rcctntly nware of the fact that "eVery inch of available land, " pretty u?pots" ;and all,' had been sold: longsince"1 in jthe -neighbourhood they allude to, in pursuance of the very policy now so rulhleaslyimitatedbytheniselyesP.Itis difticult t6' -bclieVe thrit they were so entirely innocent .of, the- , map of our alienated lands as to' be ignorant, .'until within. the last week jor Mtwo, that .cyeir befor'e'tliiT Tludh road wiismauc available for tbe passage of wheeled vehicles, every em glen aud " pretty spot" hnd -bcen exchangedfor .money Binccsquandered nway from the legitimate purposes for which (all moneys derived from the public domains ought alone to 'be applied? No one in their senses' eycr-'belicyed— unless these .'pretty.spqts'happcngd, to, pass. into., the. possession of persons ot independent (means, and lovers of natural beauties— that there wns the smnllest chance of their, surviving the progress of settlement nnd cultivation. The very denudation of the land of its timber, by depriving the fern trees of their shelter, ensures their ccrtaiu destruction.;; The same may be said ot the. not less beautiful gi sifras, and other (arboreal specimens of vegetation which '(make our forests so attractive j by tlie variety and brilliancy of their foliage. I happen to Know that representations were addressed personally to Mr. Chapman and others'on the very subject referred to by' Messrs. Fysh nnd Moore, when the first rude blocking-out of the present Iluon road had 'been ' completed. No attention .was, however, paid to such representations, ana inaeca i must, comcss mat it now appears /.to; me ithat; ..for : all practical purposes, it would have been useless to reserve these " pretty spots," while the surrounding land wns sold to settlers,1 and for this reason— the first bush fire that was lit in their neighbourhood would convert tliem iuia.fewjioursiinto "spots" as ugly as they had been previously pretty. To my pcrsonnl knowledge there arc hundrcds.pf;4"spots," a good way off the line of the alienated districts along the Iluon road, quite equal to any as yet visited by Messrs. Fysh and Mo are, and if they are really desirous of preserving them for the advantage and enjoyment of our citizens and visitors, let . them be reserved, and -the means of access provided at the public expense, or by private subscription, which ever shall be uccidcd upon; hut the idea of saving from extinction the fern- or sassafras trees, wherever the sbcRer- of their huge protectors is taken from them, is perfectly Utopian. The siiu is as great an enemy to their beauty, although not so sudden in bis dcath-stroKe, as fire itself. If we want to preserve the " pretty spots" along the Iluau road wc must stop settlement and cultivation,, and cover in the ) now. open road-with suu sheds— after the fashion of the American snow sheds. Perhaps this might now .be even done while wc have such a Trcashrer to ' provide the funds, and such a Minister of Lauds aud Works to fii.n'ish the necessary engineering skill 1 '-Kl J Not The Sandy Bay Ghost. i 