GROAN OP A GUZZLER. By the Ghost of a Good Templar. III. — The Street. Drowned ! Drowned ! — Hamlet. Boozed ! Boozed? One more unfortunate, Gone on the beer, Eashly importunate, Straight he can't steer. What's the time? 2 p.m. ! Not a peeler in sight! What cares he for them If he was out all night? Look at his garments, Dirty in raggedness, Dyed with the stains of beer Spilt on his clothing, Beer he has found so dear, Loving not loathing. Gaze at him mournfully, Not at all scornfully, But gently and kindly, Not at the stains of grog, Nor the remains of prog Guzzled so blindly 1 Make no inspection For the cause of dejection ; Eash and undutiful ! 'Tis Beer has undone him, 'Tis Beer has left on him Nought of the beautiful. Still for all slips of his, Quickly, cheerily, Wipe those poor lips of his — Dripping so beerily. Feel all his pockets, Let your hand therein range, While his eyes from the sockets Start, take his small change. Loop up his tresses Where his hat's dropped them, His fair auburn tresses, Whilst wonderment guesses, Who was it cropped them? Was it his Mother? No! It was rather More likely his Brother ! More likely his Father t Or was it a dearer one Still, and a nearer one Viz., the Gaol Barber? Alas ! for the rarity ! — Ditto for sparity Of good pints of beer ! Oh it is pitiful ! In a whole city full, Not one among them Vends stuff that will cheer ! Oh it is pitiful, In a whole city full ! Ne'er a policeman To tend to the wrong; Not one to follow him, Not one to collar him, Not one among them To bid him "Move on !" Where the lamps splutter Far, far down the gutter, With many a light ; At window and casement, He looks with amazement, Till he slips on the basement Hopelessly tight ! Take him up tenderly, Lift him with care, Fashioned so slenderly, Young and so fair! The bleak wind of night Made him shake and feel queer, So he had one more pint Of the dark flowing beer L And tho' his history Be almost a mystery, His head it feels hurled, Anywhere ! Ti very where ! All round the world. Beer he'd drunk boldly, No matter how coldly From pewter it ran ; Over the brink of it, — Picture it— think of it — Dissolute man ! Swig of it, drink of it Then if you can ! Chuck him on to his feet, Wipe the mud from his mug, Eun-him-in — run-him-in — Into the "Jug!" Plenty of money ! Why does he sigh ? Shove him in to the cell, There let him lie ! Wearily, beerily, Covered with dirt, Staggers he into court Before Mr. Smart. "What's the charge?" " Oh, sir, He's been getting tight !" "Hum! fined 4(Js." N.B. — Served him right ! In to the cell he goes, There to digest his woes, — Owning his legs and his morals were weak, And leaving with meekness his sins to the beak. 