CONGREGATIONAL UNION OF NEW SOUTH WALES. TENTH SESSION ThuRSDAY. 10.30 A.M. The ministers and delegates reassembled to attend to adjourned business. After prayer, which was offered by the Rev. J. C. Kirby, the Assembly rooon- i sidered (ho rules of the Ministers' Retiring Fund. After considerable discussion, the rules were passed on the motion of the Rev. Richard Rodgers, seconded by Mr. Samuel Goold-" That the rules, as amended, be adopted, and that the mode of election of officers contained therein does not apply to the present year." LETTERS FROM WESLEYAN' DISTRICT BIKKTIXO. At 3 o'clock in the afternoon, to which time the meeting was adjourned, the clerical secretary (Rev. G. G. Howden) read a letter from the Wesleyan District Meeting (in answer to a letter from the Committee of the Union, referred to in their report) in reference to a deputation to convey fraternal salutations. The letter stated that, as the Sydney district was only a portion of the Wesleyan Church of the colony, they did not feel themselves competent to appoint such a deputation as that suggested at present, but that they would lay the letter of the Congregational Union before the next Conference ' - CONGREGATIONAL SEABROOK. On the motion of the Rev. Mr. HOWDEN, seconded by the Rev. Mr. FORSAITH, it was resolved, That the thanks of the meeting be given to the Rev. J. P. Sunder- land for the valuable services he has rendered in compiling and editing the Congregational Year Book, and that he be requested to edit the same for the coming year.',' The Rev. Mr. Sunderland replied, giving a brief report of the publication of the Year Book for 1874. THE "NEW SOUTH WALES INDEPENDENT." Mr. R. NOTT (the lay Secretary) read a report on the New South Wales Independent. After discussion it was moved by Mr. R. G. READING, seconded by the Rev. R. T. HILLS, and carried unanimously,-,; That this report be adopted, and that the thanks of the meeting be given to the Rev. John Graham for his labours in conducting the New South Wales Independent during the past year." It was further moved, and unanimously carried,-"That this meet ing earnestly desires the continuance of the Net South Wales Independent for the coming year, and the ministerial brethren present pledge themselves to urge upon their people to a continuance of the same support they have given it in the past, and, if possible, to increase it." DEPUTATION OF' BAPTIST MINISTERS. i There arrived a deputation from the Baptist Churches who had responded to an invitation from the Union, and who were introduced to and welcomed by the chairman, who expressed his great pleasure in welcoming the rev. gentle ''man who formed the deputation (the Rev. Messrs. Burdon and Hibberd) ; expressed himself as deeply gratified that there was no fundamental difference between them which should prevent their meeting together and working together for the achievement of that mission which was common to beth and spoke of how in old times Baptists and Independents had striven and fought together in the cause of religious liberty. ' The Rev. Mr. BURKITT said that he looked upon their brotherly love as far more lively and active than it had been for centuries past and there never was a time when it was more necessary that they should be united by two love. What were their slight sectarian differences of opinion seeing that they were one in heart, one is aim, one in holding fast the fundamental truths of Christianity, and one in humble dependence upon the Holy Ghost. The more they were united in brotherly love, "the more confidently they might look for times of refreshing from the Lord. ' It was for them to prepare for that blessed time when they should share in the blessings which had been showered on the mother country, by removing out of the wiry whatever obstructions might be in the way of (heir striving and labouring together with the same ends in view. He sincerely reciprocated the brotherly affection of the chairman of the Union : and the Church with which, he 11 as connected mourned with them for the premature death of an honoured brother-the Rev. S. U. Rothwell. Their prayer was that the only wise God their Saviour would give them wisdom in their councils and much success in their glorious work. (Cheers.) there's Mr Hiiini He) said that he fully endorsed the c expressions which had fallen n from the fier Mr Luidett in regard to this new proof of Christian love which had been manifested The value of Christian unity was never so nobly m HC thronged seen as in connection with the great work which had been going on in Scotland and England It was his pleasure while in 1 Edinburgh to act in any proofs of that unity and if they showed themselves as one together in "future nts and in tonner tion with their 1 cheers for the cause of Christ there would be no end to The 106 d that they might do (Cheers The rev Mr SIAIYFK said that he did not think that the difference between themselves and the Baptist right to place then it all in antagonism, of produce i no thing like a cool sh s art of national m (Cheers ) He would be glad to see the time when people would make no account of the difference in ecclesiastical proceeding that might exist between them, letting it be understood that it was left to each Christian to determine for himself as to their mode They were both losing a little of their staff acts and they were gradually getting to be as om And happy would be the time when Christians would feel it to be then duty to get together when they differed in nothing that was necessary for salvation He was very happy to see thou brethren, whom they loved in the Lord, among them today and it would be all the better if they could emin still closer together He hoped that God s blessing would rest upon these brethren He was glad that the Union is id felt themselves inclined to invite them and thatthojhnl so cordially responded to the first step towards a closer brotherly union (Cheers ) But he hoped soon to see the time when they would go further, and when the differences might be merged, and they might stand up together as one (Cheers ) The Rev Mr GitAitWt said that his brother Mr Slat v ci, had so fully expressed the feelings that were inquiry here that it was scarcely necessary to supplement what he had said (Hear, hear ) The chairman had probably called upon him, perhaps because he had won the first that suggested the idea of this invitation, and he was happy that he did so (Hem, heat) AA then he suggested the matter to the committee all the brethren received the suggestion is a right thing only wondering that the thing had not been done before i be thought that it would be doubly pleasing to their blessed Master in heaven, as he was the blessed Master with them in this Assembly, to see His servants coming closer t gether, and to see the children of one God and 1 athel acknowledging their brotherhood, grasping each other by the hand and bent, and lCGOgnisinc, each other is- children of God, by the faith 111 Jesus ( bust (Cheers ) The text that came uppermost in his mind was this, from the beginning of the second chapter of the Epistle to the Philippians " If there be therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, it any follow hip of the Spirit, if any bowels and mercies, fulfil ve inv joy, that you be like minded, having the same love being of me accord, of one mind' They were glad to meet then large-hearted loving brethren in Christ w horn they knew and had met before in other places 1 hor now met them on the broad platform of fundamental truth, and in the spirit of their blessed Master When they met each other in their meetings in this way, it would be felt that they both had kind things to say of each other (Cheers ) Mr. Graham concluded by expressing his cordial welcome to their brethren The deputation was received by the whole meeting with much cordiality CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND THE HOME MISSION. The Rev. Mr. SUNDERLAND delivered an address cm the desirability of bringing the societies of the denomination into closer connection with the Congregational Union. After a brief discussion, it was moved by the Rev. JOHN GRA HAM, seconded by the Rev. W. SLA'TVCU, and carried, " That the committees of the Union and Home Missionary Society confer with each other, with a view to holding the annual meeting of the Home Missionary Surely during the annual session of the Unless, rain W T consider the means by which the two studies may be brought into closer union." It was moved by the CLERICAL SECRETARY, seconded by the Rev. Mr. JOHNSON, and carried,-" That the committee of the Union be requested to manage the affairs of the retiring fund for the coming year, until the appointment in due order of the Board of management in October next' DEVONSHIRE-STREET, AND HASLEM CREEK CKME TErS. Mr. NUTT presented a report. of the burial ground in Devonshire-street, It was moved by the Rev. Mr. GRAHAM, seconded by the Rev. Mr. KIRBY, and carried, " That the Union recommend the trustees of the Devon shire-street cemetery, in addition to the allowance they give to Mr. Baker at the present time, to provide for him and Mrs. Baker a suitable residence, and to expend the balance of the annual income in keeping the ground in proper order." Mr MULLENS presented a brief report in reference to the Haslem. Creek cemetery. The Rev. THOMAS JOHNSON moved the following resolution, which was cordially carried:-" That the best thanks of the meeting be given to the brethren who gave the earnest and profitable addresses last evening and that they be requested to give copies of the same to the committee for publication." ? ' INCORPORATING THE TRUSTS OF' THE CHURCH. Mr. JOSIAH MULLENS introduced a copy of the proposed Act to incorporate Camden College, which it was proposed to submit to the ensuing session of Parliament and besides proposed certain resolutions which were withdrawn after discussion. VOTE OF- THANKS. After a vote of thanks to the Rev. Mr. (Graham, for the use of the school hall for the holding of the meetings, the business of the session was closed with the benediction. UNITED COMMUNION SERVICE. At 7 o'clock p.m., there was held a United Communion Service in the Pitt- street Congregational Church. There was a very good attendance in spite of the inclemency of the weather. An impressive and eloquent sermon was preached by the Rev. W. Mathieson, of Marrickville, from the text : " I must work the works of him that sent me, while it is day : the night cometh when no man can work." John ix. and 4th verse. The ministers, delegates, and church members afterwards partook of the Lord's Supper. 