Ur. fiustin oo Bishops and Clergf. We ouoteifce following characteristic «b*er ntkns of Mr. Enskin from the January number of bhi ' Fore Clangers™ : — ' I was asked by one of my Oxford pupils the other day why I had never said any serious srord of what might seem bast for clergymen to do in time of so great doubt and dxvisjoa. ' I have not, because any man's becoming a clergyman in these days must imply one of two tilings— either that he has something to do and say for men which he honestly believes himself impelled to doandsayby the Holy Ghost— and in that case he is likely to ttx tos way without being shown it — orelseheismeof tiie group of sonauled Christians, who, except with the outward ear, ' have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost,' and are practically lying, both to men and to God —persons to whom, whether tiiey be i ooiieh or wicked in their ignorance, no bonest way can possibly be shown. 'The particular lands of folly also which lead youths to become clergymen, uncalled, are especially intractable. That a lad justont of his teens, and not under theinnnenceof any deep religious eatiiusiasm, should ever contem plate the possibility of his being set np in the of the world, to instruct 1he aged, encourage the valiant, support the weak, reprove tbe guilty, and set an example to all; ana not ieel what a. ridiculous and busphemons business it would be, if he only pretended to do it for hire; and what a ghastly and murderous busi ness it would be, if he did it strenuously wrong; and what a marvellons and all but in credible thing the Church and Us power must be if it were possible for him, with all Ok good meaning in tiifi wodd, to do it rightly ; that any youth, I say, ehodld ever have got himself into the state of recklessness, or conceit, required to b^ny* a clergyman at all, ?Hwfc*' ijiese existing *tiwiii^j3tMKt) must pot him quite oat of the pale of those whom one appeal* so on amy reasonable or moral question, in serious yjiiljiw X went into a Bitaalistic church the other day, for instance, in the West End. It was boat of bad Gothic, lighted with bad painted glass, and had its litany i«*™«^ and sts sermon delivered — on she subject of wheat and chaff — by a. young man of, as far as I could judge, verv sincere rfligionw awithnrnfa, bat very certainly the kind of person whotaene might have bc&yed; in a mortar among the viay best of the wheat with a pestle, without making bis foolishness depart from him. An^ in general, any man's becoming a clergyman in these days implies that, at best, his senti ment baB overpowered Ins intellect ; and that whatever the feebleness of the latter, tbe victory of his impertinent impiety has been probably owingto its alliance with his *-^w*i-itJ and its promise to him of tiie gratification of beine regarded as an *'?*-**-.. wnaumt ih£ trouble of becoming wise, or tiie grief of being so. 'The wort of tiie evangelists was done before they could be made bishops; that of Hie apostie cannot be done on a bishop's throne; there remains to them, of all possible office of organisation in the Church, only that of &e; pastor, — verily and intensely their own; received by them in definite charge when they received whattheycall the Holy Ghost:— 'Be to the Sock of Christ a shepherd, not * wolf ; feed diem, devoortitein not.' ' Does any man, of all the tnai who have received this charge in England, know what it u to be a wolf ?— recognise in himself the wolfish instinct, and the thirst for Hie Wood of God's Sock ! For if he does not know what is the nature of a. wolf, how should be know what it is to be a shepherd ! If he never Mt like a wolf himwplf, does he know the people wbo do ? He does not expect them to lick tiieir lips and bare their teem at him, i sup pose, as they do in a pantomine? Did he ever in his life see a wolf coming, and debate with himself whether he should fight or fly ?— or is not rather his whole life one headlong hire ling's flight, wititout so much as turning his head to see what manner of beasts they are that follow ? — nay, are not bis very hireling's wages paid him for flying instead of fighting? ' Dazes any one of them answer me — here from my college of the Body of Christ I 1 challenge every mitre of them ; definitely, the ' Lord of St. Peter'B borough, whom I note as a ! pugnacious and accurately-worded person, and ' hear of as an outspoken one, able and ready to answer for his fulfilment of the charge to Peter. How many wolves doeB he know in Peterborough — how many sheep? — what battle has he done — what bites can he ehow the scars of ? — whose sins has he remitted in Peterborough — whose retained? — has he not remitted, like his brother bishops, all tile sins of the rich, and retained all tiiose of the poor? | does he know, in Peterborough, who are for- 1 nicators, who thieves, who bars, who mur- 1 derers? and has he ever dared to tell anyone ' of them to his face that he was so— ft the man had over a, hundred a-year ? ' ' Have mercy upon all Turks, Jews, infi dels, and heretics, and so fetch them home, I blessed lord, to Thy flock, that they may be j saved among the remant of the true Israelites.' I Who onr toe true Israelites, my lord of Peter- I borough, whom yon can definitely announce ! for such in your diocese. Or, perhaps, tbe KsbosoC Manchester wffl taks £p 4bs chai- { lenge, having epokan wisely— in generalities— concerning fraud. Who are tuetroe Israelites, my lord of Manchester, on your Exchange ? Do they stretch thar doth like other people ? | —have they any nndrriiand dealings with the I Iiabie4o£e.danned false - Israelites— Koduv chadBandttwHte? orarerheydnlyjroliatonB about those wanderers' souls ?-«nd how often, on the average, do your MaigViitw dergy preach fromfc ddiaoas parable, mvourieS of all Scripture to ragm* at least since the ?Seventh century, wben I findit*o be .penally katfia with goldn titte m ay JwtSri M& :'. I* tte ffaatee and VJHJm-.-mi how often, on tfco average, from ttaxeebjeo tmnable first and fifteenth psalms ! 'For the last character in St BanTs enumeration, which bishops can dean, and the first which they are bound to dam, tor the rninistryfis that of tte doctorortMtiwr. .j^ ' In which character, to what work tf t***^ own, ftank and fiuthfal, can tiiey afpsaHBR the last fifty years of especial danger to -K Churcn. from false teaching ? On t£i» matter my challenge wOl be mast fittingly made to my own bishop, of the University of Oxford. He inhibited, on the second Sunday of Advent of last year, another bishop of the EngEm Church from preaching at Carfax. By what ngnf! Which of the two bishops am 1, ttiar innocent lamb, to listen to? It is trne that the insulted bishop was only a colonial one ; am I to nndenstowi, therefore, tiiat the Church sends her heretical bishops out as apostles, while she keeps her ortho dox ones at home? and tiiat, accord ingly, a stay-at-home bishop may always silence a returned apostie? And, touching the questions which are at issue, is there s single statement of the Bishop of Natalie, respecting the Bible text, which the Bishop of Oxford dares to contradict before Professor Max Muller, or any other taadine scholar of Europe? Doss the Bishop of Oxford himself believe every statement in the Bible? Snot, which does he disbelieve, and why? Be suffers the whole collection of books to be spoken of — certainly by many clergymen in his diocese— as the Word of God. If be dis believes any portion cf itv tiiat portion lie is bound at once to inhibit them from an calling, till inquiry has been made eouceuuug it; but if he and the other orthodox home-bishops-^who would very joyfully, I perceive, bum the Bishop of Natal at PajiJ's, and make Uiistte HSl mater tor the omnibuses with the ''^firt of him— if they verily believe all, or even, with a living faith, otjt vital part of the Bible, how is it that we, tiie incredu Ions sheep, see no signs following them that believe -— ^tiiat tiinuji tiiey can —' ? ''''rair the Holy Spirit, they cannot excommiuueste the unholy one, and apologetically leave tbe **p»^'E of tiie ack to the phyakaaa, the taking up of serpents to tiie juggler, and tin moving of mountains to tiie xaiuway navvy? 'It was never meant that anyone should do such tilings literally, after St Paul's time.' Then what tea* meant, and what it, doctors mine? Challenge enough for this time, iteeemstn me; the rather that juntas I finish writing it I receive a challenge myself requiring atten* tive answer. Fora could not have brought it me at better time. The reader will find it the first in tiie 'Notes and Correspondence n nf this year ; and my answer may botii meet &b; doubts of many readers who would not so frankly have expressed them, and contain some definitions of prnrarple which are nee6s Bary for out future work. 