THE "SCIENCE" OP SPIRITtJALISM. On pig0 359 of the ^rt volume cf the Saatific ^awnow, «• presented some of .the ijfe iduings «aaio» regarding spiritualimi; to-day we further •mcidate tho subject by brief allusions to come of the in the history of du iateat cpidemic of imperit broke out So and the manitestaKdns popularly known as Rochester faiockings of "Pint-isppuigs. Uje £rst modinms were . thrae uneis their luune jror_ 33iey 'invented the^ the rap language, and s good part of the tpintusl lingo. 'Ihey originated, tha ieBoce, and ™ a lively business. Spiritualism Epeedflv bea raoognised institution ; ihewwas no ladro^ ; notoriety aad money were the «ubctaninoeauves. People, it is aaid, are ibnd of hum- >>% and pay more liberally for it than for the of life. Ihe niajority of people, as at the j^Mday, looked upon spiritualism as*snpKmely •MJ thing j the scientific worid treated it . sritt "OfUe of wit; a silence inspired by disgust and ™umpt There were investigation!and although ™>J.of them were very foolish, the rapping;trick "Mrty esposed. The npa WOT traced to the j*™>n« of the Fox girls. Mis«toedi«nsm W «e »P« *u concealed and protected by th* defences at ^^ood ; to the modest inv«etigator fh4 ghV. banieia more formidable thad stone i vromen dreened like men there surely have been no spirit-tappings, and probably no Sf^m; we commend tito fect to fierr we AT?" 4 ' ^ B" 01 philosopher of clothes, and soiOllookfcra discoiodon of it in a future edition 1 bv l " Of the derices employ^' • Jr. fM'ly mediums, ibe most «labon4e aid was that of a bar of lead anspendea at its • bj an elastir cord attached to and operated by ': comse this was^k-raila^ onlytowbmen, Erid the lie i men were obliged to resoit to somfthing Jlta devote* appe^inwhum,, todettheverr b^mmng, and wiih thesame capacity ofawallowini as those of lie present day. I^t ajackaa. tiayS thepreaeneeof your genuine apiritu&ist.; and, It a hint fromha medium, he beam therein only the ceutle Md-loraiB Toiai :;of Jm^aaa grandmother, i™, S ' v c o n n t e d jbriiitde among the • AAouand bogus raps, they said, conld not disturb their faith in lie one that they knew to be genuine. Also, thetheoiy wasinvented slavery early day that there are wicked spirits which male honest mediums cheat and lie. Thus the Rochesterkno<±ing8 became modern spiritualism, with a vitality -and diffusiveness comparable to thoBe of the Canada thistlr. Vrom the Ridiculous beginning of what, inits inception, mi pnAablv on innocent freak of a little girl, we have to Jay a superstition which will make the nineteenth century meuiorableforjJltime. r - ^ \- Spiritualism, as ah ism or theory, Ws soon perfected. But the charlatamy by which is is mainly kept alivf depends upon juggling tricks which may be modified and improved. For jqgglery, like all human arts, is improvable, and ia governed by the laws of evolution. Tbe laps grew into a thousand and one modified foims. , fiome/tof the inew tricks, like the spirit speaking and writing, and plsncbette, were too thin, and are retained only among the most saturated of the devotees, while those that had the strength of real merit or ingenuity, like tho Davenport's cabinet and rope tyiug, have maintained their popularity. • Ai last'sand we' wish we'ieouIdMirve, it the final culmination of such, tilings, we have the spirit materialisation. . The materialisation trick was invented by a medium of this city, named Gordon, shout two years ago.. .His exhibition was somewhat artistic, and is worthy..of .jt description. A curtain of mosquito netting,-* stretched' .across tho room, separated the operator and-bis paraphernalia from the „: spectators; the netting terred to protect the medium from intrusion, and also -to give a more ghostly appearance to the objects exhibited. I n the middle of the spiritual. sanctum, na erected a gorgeou. alter or ; throne^ about which Gordon, arrayed ill & priestly robe, incanted or chasseed during the performance. The light was turned down to that ffiintneps in which ghosts and spirits love to walk abroad. Gordon makes his right arm invisible by di awing over it a ;blsck cloak. He isises this arm away from and at- -the tide of his body, holding in his 'right hand a common paper mask or false bee, each as the children get for their amusement at a cost of fire or ten cents each. Then ho gently moves the mask through the air, or ducks it or bbhes it tip and down, &c..; The performance is repeated wilh variations,:; other .ttuuks and other motions, for en hour or two*' Some of the p asks ore.a little dressed up by means of a white lumdkerchief thrown over a part or dangling from the lower end; iu such simple way's is an old lady with a white cap, or a baby in a long dress, constructed ; & bride is got up by placing a gauze, veil in front of the mask. Gordon's -repertoire of icasks iras extensive. He was able to bring up the spirits of men, women, and babies of all races of mankind. From the front of the netting, the view, especially to the eyes of the devotee, was impressive. Solemn great high priest, or head.centre; and in response to his incantation the spirits of the -deported, as life- I ke as if they were flesh and blood, appeared at his aide. Tins materialised spirit* were often xvcognised. It was a common Uiing to hear from the crowd or «ager speiltators siglis and sobs, and audi expressions aa " Ie that you Jane ?" " Is it my grandmother ? " " Is your nauie Smith ? " " It is my darling Bobbie; are you happy ?" To all which. through Gordon's skilful manipulation of the masks, came the appropriaTe responses. 13 ut Gordon's career as a materialiaser lasted only a few seeks. One evening, in the midst of the preforuiajice, a gentleman of the audience leaped Over ail intervrning table, lodged -Gordon's confederate, dashed through the mosquito netting, and had Gordon securc'y in his arms. Gordon was thus caught in the act; he held a mask in his band, and 'others wi re taken from the folds of his robe and other places. 