Secokd Day. The annual sessions of this body were con tinued on Wednesday, April 2L After a ministers' prayer meeting in the Hindmarah square Church Lecture Hall a business gather ing was held at 11 a.m. The Rev. J. C. McMichael, the Chairman, presided, and a large number of ministers and delegates attended. the chairman's address. The Rev. H. Chebtham moved a vote of thanks to the Chairman for the very manly and noble address he delivered on the previous -evening. The Hon. R. A. Tablton, M.L.C., in second ing, said that such papers, if more frequent, would tend greatly to strengthen and fortify the Church. The Rev. J. Jefferis, LL.B., without dis paragement of previous'Chairmen, said he had never listened to an address of the kind with greater pleasure. (Hear,hear.) Notthat he agreed with all the views propounded, for he was more at one with some of the authors quoted, but he admired very greatly their breadth and honesty. The paper set forth in the clearest and most powerful manner views antagonistic to the Chair man's convictions, and then his own views were set forth with that modesty and diffidence which belonged to every real searcher after truth. His (Mr. Jefferis's) pursuit of science, and especially of microscopic investigation, had led him to the belief that while God was all wise, and in many of the aspects of His physical government all loving, and while He was found working every where it was always as God, in some aspects of His being to us utterly unknown; and when he saw he could not discover the true meaning hidden in a single blade of grass or grain of sand he turned to questions of theology relating to the invisible realm of the Ring, and said to himself quietly and modestly, " I _ don't expect to master these things, and will leave them among the many points undecided and undetermined until I get into the region where the light is brighter and the breadth of my own intelligence will become brcader." Referring to some controversial points, he remarked that upon the theory of endless punishment he was not in a position to decide and declare, and he simply used the language of Scripture with all humility, and left it to the consciences of his congregation to gather from his teaching what they could. The Rev. M. M. Dick supported, agreeing as to the honesty and broadness of the address. The faith of many Church members was, he remarked, largely shaken by the imprudent ventilation of half-formed views, of which some who were considered very great authorities in England had been, he feared, guilty. The motion was carried, and the Chairman returned thanks. NEW MEMBERS. The following names were added to the roll of the personal members The Revs. A. Buchanan, Green's Plains; R. N. Morris, B.A., Angaston ; and J. Barber, Happy Valley. ROLL OF DELEGATES. The list of delegates was read as follows :— Stow Church—Messrs. R. Stuckey, J. Tasker, W. Berry, S. J. Stuckey, A. Adamson, M. Goode, T. D. Scrutton. D. Robin, C. Fisher, J. Knox, and H. Dean. North Adelaide—Messrs. J. Porter, R. Searle, J. Grose, J. Tasker. jun., A. S. Devenish, J. Green, J. F. Conigrave, A. Dowie, J. Makers, and W. Hill. Hind marsh-square—Rev. F. W. Cox, Messrs. W. D. Ailott, C. Sniedley, J. A. Ckartier, J. M. Dowie, W. Bonnett, S. Whitmore, and W. C. Buik. Gawler—Rev. J. C. McMichael, Messrs. C. Cox, J. Davies, and J. Finch. Hindmarsh—Rev. J. McEwin, Messrs. J. E. Mitton, G. Burnell, S. Smith, J. Shearing, and J. Mitton. Glenelg—Hons. W. Paikin, R. A. Tarlcou, Messrs. J. Counsel], J. H. Russell, J. W. Davis, and J. Storrie. Clayton—Pev. T. Hope, Messrs. E. T. Smith, G. Wood, and G. Mi ler. Kapunda—Rev. W. Hopkins, Messrs. W. Old ham, D. Will, and R. Cameron. Maclaren Vale—Messrs. J. Howie, J. Brown, and M. Burgess. Wallaroo—Rev. T. Lloyd. Kadina—Rev. W. Wilson. Milang—Rev. H. Cheetkaui. Alma—Rev. M. M. Dick, Messrs. T. Fresbaiin and E. Aitchisor.. Green's Plains—Rev. A. Buchanan. Salisbury—Eov. J. U. Ferguson. Happy Valley—Rev. J. Barber and Mr. L. G. Klose. Shipley—Mr. A. Russell. Port Adelaide—Rev, M. H. Hodge, Messrs. J. Bickers, T. Miehelmore, and J. Ballantyne. Encounter Bay and Bald Hills—Rev. C. Hodo-e and Mr. L. Y. Tite. Angaston—Rev. R. N. Morris, Messrs, E Keynes and E. Salter. Border Town—Mr. D. M'lne. REPORTS, ETC. The various statements made on the previous evening were adopted with additions and amend ments. The proposed constitution of the Aged Ministers Provident Fund was considered and amended. UNION COLLEGE. The Itev.J. Jefferis, while the report on this institution was under consideration, said he would as one of the tutors like to enlist tbe increased sympathies of the Churches generally in the College. A quiet steady work was being done among the young men, but not a third of what might be done with the same expenditure. Of his class of nine members seven were out of his own Church, and although that was very satisfac tory to him as a pastor, yet it was not so when he considered his position as a tutor of the College, They ought to have at least three tiui6s the present number of students. The Rev. J; R. Ferguson remarked that the College was instituted for the primary purpose ot preparing young men for the ministry, and -while tbey were all glad that the College had been so suocessful, and was affording such high class and sound education for the superior young men of their Churches, still at the same time they were in great want of young men for the ministry, and it must be borne in mind that the College was for this purpose. It was gratifying that young men were availing themselves in such numbers of the superior education afforded* but could not the efforts of the Council be more concentrated upon encouraging young men to enter the College with a view to the Church? Too strong expressions could not be used on this point, for the want of preachers was the great need of the Churches, and he hoped the Colleae would be kept as a seminary for theological students. The Rev. J. Jbfferis—The College was simply a theological institution, and had been so since the University was established. There was a tutorship for Biblical and Churcb history, another for the exegises of the Greek Testament, and a third for theology proper. At present there were no definite theological students in the classes, which contained 23 or 24 students. This was a fair number, but it should be much larger. They could not, however, educate ministerial students until they had funds for supporting them, and the cost would be from £80 to £100 for each person. Now the whole cost of tutorship was £50 a year, paid to each master—a sum merely intended by the Council as an honorarium and not as payment. He could not endorse any application for entrance into the College with the definite object of joining the ministry by any young rain engaged in business during the daytime. No ministerial training could be considered at all adequate to the requirements of the Churches and the present age unless three or four years were given solely to study. (Question.) Well, he thought so. They could not expect that young men who were engaged ten or twelve hours a day in business, and had consequently very little leisure time, could be adequately educated for the ministry. He deprecated it— (Hear, hear)—still, local preachers might receive great advantage from the classes. Mr-. R. Searle said the inadequate salaries offered to ministers was at the root of the whole matter. (Hear, hear.) Many of the young men engaged in business were well qualified to be -come ministers, but the remuneration was so exceedingly small that they preferred the middle course, and devoted what spare time they had to the cause of the Master. The_ Rev. F. W. Cox believed many young men in mercantile circles would prove very interesting and useful as occasional preachers, but he did not know how it would do if thay devoted themselves to continual work as they were. He bad long wished that Borne of these could be induced to enter the ministry, for they were to ascertain extent tried sen. (Hear, hear.) The Rev. W, Hopkins remarked that years would elapse before the College produced any ministers. What, he asked, were the sons of wealthy parents doing? Were they on reaching 35 or 16 to be merely sent into offices, and were they to be content, through filling respectable situations, to become gigantic money -hags without doirg more ? The Bev. J. Jefferis said thsy were fulfilling to a considerable degree the ends as first pro! posed, viz.—First, to educate such -ministerial students as they might get; and, secondly, to educate such ministerial workers and co- workers connected with the Churches as they would be sure to obtain. The last aim was being fulfilled to a great extent, and he hoped the other would aifio. Hopkois thought it indispen sable that the Churches should take up the matter, and provide a fund for young men, so that they might have sustenance while devoting themselvesi to the Christian work. {Hear, hear.) JMastkes did not think they need feel disputed at the way in which the College was earned on; still it would be better if they had funds for the support of talented young men. The Bev. T. Hope said the question had often been brought forward, and yet nothing had been done, and nothing could be effected until the onurcbes took action. The Chairman—Would you make a proposi tion by-and-by, Mr. Hopkins ? (Hear, hear } An adjournment was then made for luncheon. REPUTATION from the baptist association. ..i) ®AY» °n being invited to speak, said the Bev. J. L. Parsons and another had been appointed to accompany him, but they were unavoidably absent, and he added that he had attended as representing the Baptist Asso ciation to express the brotherly si mpathy of the members of that body with the Independents. It might perhaps be thought that these friendly greetings were likely to come to be only a matter of form, but his own impression was **5. exceedingly good that they had started the practice of sending messages of fra ternal sympathy from one denomination to the other, and he hoped the custom would con tinue, and that ultimately, perhaps, they would .merge into one large ecclesiastical body. (Hear, hear.) But whether they did that or not, he was persuaded that they should con tinue to think of each other as members of one Christian family, and they did not claim brother hood merely by virtue of any resolution they might pass, but rather by virtue of their union with one common Saviour. It was true, as their Bible and their own experience taught, that when one member suffered all suffered, and therefore, as a member in the Christian com munion of this colony, he could say that the Congregationalists felt unfeigned joy in what ever success at the movements of the Baptists and they also deeply sympathized with their brethren in any disappointment that arose at any time in their work. He was glad they did not simply say that a friendly feeling existed between the two denominations, but ; there were directions in which they could prove this by working together. He was pleased at the success of their magazine. Denominational ! it used to be, but that distinction had now j ceased, and he hoped the paper would ulti- j matelj grow into the representative magazine of j all the Churches of the colony. In connection 1 with Union College, he was very glad to note ' that the Independents, Presbyterians, and Baptists bad worked together, and he hoped and believed united effort would continue. (Applause.) The Chairman read a letter from the Rev. Mr. Parsons, in which he said, after apologizing for his absence Our Asso ciation desires to greet your Union on the broad platform of our common Chris tianity, and earnestly prays that to- night and throughout your annual gatherings you may realize the richest spiritual blessings, and the presence of the Lord Jesus, whose we all are. For once, at least, we would fain interchange Christian courtesies, without either mentioning or hearing of any difference between us. We are not divided from you, but are with you in all the grand essentials of the GospeL We wish to look only upon the substantial unity that binds us together. The world i3 broad eno-igh , for the faithful, conscientious testimony and toti of all the loyal disciples of the Christ. We may not only tolerate but honour each other. We may be sure, tco, that those who=e eyes are single and whose hearts are pure are bearing their portion of our Lord's travail and are equipped and sent forth by TTim to fulfil His joy and accomplish His purposes. We have our witness to bear to the vitality, to the spirituality, and to the plainness of the Christian 1 faitin Its strength is not spent, for its mission is not yet accomplished. Its true essence is the i revelation of God as a Spirit, who to be accept- "1 ably worshipped must be worshipped in spirit and in truth, who quickens believers by th6 Holy Ghost, and who makes them partakers of th9 Divine nature through faith in the Redeeming Saviour. Its meaning is level with and clear to the understandings of the common people. Its ministers are preachers to proclaim the evangel of love, and pastors to feed and care for the flock—not priests to offer sacrifices to God or mediate for men. Sacerdo talism and Sacramentallsm are foreign to its Divine simplicity, and no man and no class of men may of right interpose between the soul and the living God. There is one mediator, the man Christ Jesus. Through dark and stormy epochs the independents have bore firm and faithful witness to these foundation verities, and th6y in whoso name I address you pray that In this era of ferment and unsattlemenfc your testimony may be as firm and forcible as in the past. We pray also that _ your Churches and all the Churches^ in this land may be revived and i multiplied exceedingly." (Applause.) The Chairman then expressed the pleasure felt at Mr. Day's presence, and said he believed tbe sympathies of the two denominations were one and the union was hearty, and he desired especial!y to feel thankful and gratified that Mr. Day appeared beforetheminanswcharacter. He had now, he (theChairman) was happy to say been induced to accept the tutorship of the Greek Testament Class in Union College. (Hear hear.) This was a step in the right direction! The working of the institution had been very satisfactory, and he believed that the united action on the part of the Baptists, Indepen dents, and Presbyterians was as hearty and genuine as it could possibly be. He trusted Mr. Day s hopes would be realized, and respecting the differences between the denominations thought they were so trifling as not to be worth men tioning, The Union accepted and cordially returned the Delegate's assurances, and would rejoice with the Baptists in their joys and sym pathize with them in their difficulties. (Hear hear.) ' Mr. Day then withdrew. THE REV. C. MANTHORPE, In view of the approaching departure of Mr. Manthorpe for the old country the following motion was agreed toon the proposition of the Bev. W. Wilson of Kadina, seconded by Mr. W. " this meeting, having heard with deep regret the necessity of theBev. C. Manthorpe's resting for a season from ministerial labours, in consequence of the infirm state of his health, for the "recruiting of which he is about to visit England, do hereby express its cordial sympathy with Mr. Manthorpe, bis family, and the people of his charge in these trying circum stances, and express its earnest prayer and hope ? ,W*U soon r®torn amongst us with renewed health and strength and in the full enjoyment of all needful providential and graciouB blessing." Mr. Manthorpe was unavoid ably absent but the Hon. B. A. Taritoa replied on his behalf. CHAIRMAN. The Bev. J. Hotham, of Port Elliot, was elected Chairman for 1876-7. OFFICERS AND COMMITTEE. The following gentlemen were appointed to act for the ensuing year:—Corresponding Seere tory, ftov. F. W. Cox; Finance Secretary, Mr. W. C. Buik; Minute Secretary, Mr. R. Searle" Treasurer, Hon. A. Hay; Auditors, Messrs. J. M. Andersen and D. Robin; Committee, ?e S"- pkeetham, J. Jefferis, J. R. Ferguson. J. McEwm A. Scales, C. B. Symes, and t! Hope; also Messrs. A. Adamson, J. A. Chartier, H. Dean, J. M. Dowie, W. T. Flint, J. Grosse W. Newbould, E. Phillips, J. Porter, J. t! Shawyer, S. Whitmore, C. Smedley, W. h! Doolette, J, Pickering, jam, and J. Taeker, jun. ' COUNCIL OF REFERENCE. The Council was elected as annexed - He vs. J C. McMicitael, F. W, Cox, J. Jefferis, and j! R. Ferguson; Hon. A. Hay, and Messrs. C. Smedley, W. C. Buik, and J". Storrie. DELEGATES TO UNION COLLEGE. Delegates were appointed as under:—Revs. J. Jefferis, C. B. Symes, F. W. Cox, Hon. A. Hayj also Messrs. C. Smedley and B. Searle. DEPUTATION TO OTHER RELIGIOUS BODIES. The Revs. T. Hope and J. McEwin were named delegates to represent the Union at the other religious organizations. ministers' provident fund. Mr. D. Robin was elected Secretary and the Hon. R. A. Tarlton Treasurer of this fund. IT AT,F-YEARLY MEETINGS. It was resolved that the Committee be em powered to arrange for the place at which to hold the half-yearly meeting?. The Council then adjourned till next day at 2 p.m., in consequence of the departure of the English mail A_ luncheon, provided by Mr. Lmdrum in White's Rooms, was attended by about 60 persons. At the close Mr. Jefferis proposed and Mr. Howlo seconded a cordial vote of thanks to Mr. Ferguson, tho Chairman of the Union for the past year, A subscription made in the hali to aid an aged and infirm minister realized £31, and a collection in the evening was devoted to the same object. UNITED COMMUNION. In the evening a Communion Service washed at the Hindaiarsh-square Church, the Rev. F. W. Cox, the porter, presiding. There was a large attendance, the body of the building baiug full Tbe devotional exercises were conducted bythi Rf v. Messrs. Morris and 'Jeffsris. TSar^est addresses were delivered by the Revs. M. MeK. Dick and W. Hopkins, and the whole proceed ings were of a very impressive character. 