The Ipswich Handicaps. BY PEREGRINE. THE Athenians are to be congratulated on, securing a large number of entries for their handicaps this year, but I fear they have spoilt the meeting by allowing some very ignorant " ltoufl "to do the haudicapping. Whoever ad justed the weights must have a very cursory idea of the difference betweeu a first-class race horse and even a second-rate animal ; and the almost impossibility of bringing an Ace, Dag-» worth, Barb, or Don Juan down by weight, to allow the riff-raff to have a ghost of a Bhow. Does the Ipswich handicapper imagine that the Queensland cattle are superior to those of New South Wales and Victoria, that hn gives tha best horse in Australia less weight *h»n he> would have to carry in a Melbourne Cup ? I am perfectly aware that The Ace was sold for thej stud some eighteen months ago, and tLat there is very little chance of his ever seeing a race course again ; and it is pretty plain, if he does not put in an appearance, what the object o£ entering him was. However, (that had no thing to do with the handicapper, as he should only go by performances, irrespective of con dition or probability of the horse being here. £ believe, should The Ace start in good condition, that the two Ipswich handicaps would be inera canters for him ; unless Newbold were here. Thei Ace was reckoned quite as good as Dag worth, when on the turf; in fact, ha gave him six pounds and a beating for Melbourne Cup, 1872. And yet we fii 4 Dagworth running second in Melbourne Cup, witU 9st. 91bs. up, in the following year ; and running second in Gold Cup, with. 9st. 81bs. up, in 1374» Dagworth was handicapped at lOst. in the Mel bourne Cup hut year, and he had to meet a far more formidable crowd than we can muster ia Queensland. Ido not see that The Ace would have had a pound too much with lOst up. How ever, as I said before, there is very little chanca of our seeing him in Queensland ; and the sama may be said of Newbold. A local trainer bidl for him, but the Victorian millionaire, Mr. Chirnside, meant to have him, and he remained in Victoria. The Prophet comes next, at Bsfc. lOlbe. This horse's greatest performance was as a three-year old, in 1872, when he won the Gold Cup—leading a big field from tha jump, and winniug in 3min. 36^ sea He also raa second to Hamlet for Queen's Plate, same meeting-,. As a four-year-old he won Tattersall's Cup, 2 miles, Bat. 81bs., up in 3.40 ; and at 5 yearn hat won the Newcastle Handicap, 2 miles, 7st. 101b5.,. up very easily in 3.49. There is no doubt about his getting to the end of the two miles, if at all himself. Cyclops L> an unlucky horse, as in 1873-1874 he only scored one win out of twenty starts, and that was a three- quarters of a mQa spin. He ia by Australian, and although "Augur" says in the Australasian of the ltitb. instant that he saw him do the beat mile lately he " ever saw run at Flemington," I can't stand him for the two miles against Zanco, who is about as well in as a horse could be at Bst Slbs. The old veteran be gan with Bst, 81bs. for the same race last year, and won easily. We then saw him jump from 9«t 21bs. to 9at 81ba, and even more, and win five consecutive handicaps—a feat never before accomplished in Australia. For this he haa 31bs. taken off his back. What chance does th* Ipswich handicapper fancy he has given tha crowd below him ? Zanco has changed hands. The squire ot Canning Downs never expected to be thrown ia so light again, and let his old favorite go. It may not suit the stable he is now in to let him put his long gray neck first past the post, but should it do so, look out for the " dangerous gray." Silver Fox, by Yattendon, was at the stud last season. I believe he has been schooling two or three young ones at the Grange, and going very welL He is close inbred to Sir Hercules, and ia a model of a horse; he also showed great pace) in New South Wales, beating several flyers. Ha ran second to M'Cullum for the Hawker bury Derby, and won Maiden Plate same meeting^ beating M'Cullum again, and Horatio, in 2 mins. 46& sees. He also won Dubbo Town Cup, 1& mile, 7st up. He has never finished up at tha end of two miles yet; and as, with one or two exceptions, hones do not run well from tha stud, I should prefer not to stand on Silvot Fox for the Grand Handicap. Wanderer has been rusticating up North for a year or two. His performance at Ipswich last Christinas woa not alarming, but the horse was not in condition, and can be made stones better. These Kiug stons as a rule don't " run on," aud report says the horse has lost his foot. In any case, I should prefer to stand on Zanco, game leg and aIL Adventurer I don't know much about, unless ha is the same horse that ran at Gulgong last year p and at the Hawkeabuiy and Tattersall's Club Meeting at Randwick this year; however, I think 8 stone is quite enough for him. See saw, by Lord of the Hills, will have to go further and faster than ever he did before to win the " Grand." The Dirk, I fanny, is too small for a big thing, and no Barb haa ever yet gone two miles in good company. I don't know whose colors the Demon's son will carry, but fancy "Honest John" will not put in an appearance this time. Kingston has run well up north, but cut up badly last year in BrL-bane. Zanco holds him safe. Lena I know nothing about, but Nemo, oy Kyogle, out of a Lord of the Hills mare, is very hot. This is one of the best youngsters ever brought out in Queensland. He was bred by Mr. Dines, and is inbred both sides to Touchstone. With 7st. 91bs. up, in good fettle, he may lead Zanco and Prophet a merry dance round the Ipswich racecourse. He has l>een used at tha Stud during the last season, which won't improve him, but we should not be a bit surprised to sea the big money go to Toowoomba. Mount seems a jack-of-all-trades, likeßory O'More. I d-»u't be lieve in these hurdle horses in flat races, acd 1 fancy Mount will show up better over the sticks tlian among the flyers. Magnolia is also a stranger to me. Carbine is, I believe, a Tamerlane horse, that Las been running well on the Downs lately, but I am sceptical about a Tamerlane staying two miles, although they have a fair turn of speed. Littls Dick is a Sydney pick-up that has been running small matches about the City. He won a hack race in Toowoomba at Christmas, but wasWten n the Hurry Scurry and in the Forced Handicap, by Statesman and Mariner, easily. So far his per formances do not look very encouraging. May flower, by Yattendon, in a fine filly, but F believe her dam was not quite pur sang, and after all blood will teil—at the end of two miles. To sum up, supposing The Ace and Newbold out of the way, I fancy the places will be filled by Zmco, The Prophet, and Nemo in the Grand Handi cap. The Town Plate contains the same horses, except that the hurdle horse Mount is with drawn, and Mariner, a horse that has been run ning at our Christmas meetings with very moderate succens, supplies his place. Aa Nemo met this horse as a three-}. .ar-old, gave him 12 lbs. and beat him in a cantor, .aid now meets him as a four-year-old at level weighty Mariner's chance of the Town Plate, whih: Nemo remains in, is very clear. I think the handicap per must have got confused about this *t.ii<<-. It* this race I do not tee anything t<j i>ent Nemo, Zanco, and Prophet, unless the ground ia very heavy, when ji light weight may run into a place. For the Flying Handicap we have, bewM.-s :h« above (some of whom are not entered •, LouL-:a»;i a Drum Major filly, with a great da.-.li of t0,.! • Carein, one of Mr. Bell's; Vivandiirv, unML-r Drum Major mare, very speedy for a short hj.-.h :. ; Tarn O'Shauter and Caprice, two youngs -..'. Of the lot I prefer Wanderer—if up t- i*. three- year-old form at all—the Dirk, a:-1 M;i: i:.r, with Carbine and Louibiana adjacent. Next week I may give the performance. :.--., of the Hurdle horses, and .some ace .uu of .. ...-.£ . is doing at the different training stil.let. A>r adjourned meeting of the committee of tlu» Brisbane Hospital was held in the town dispen sary ou Tuesday afternoon, for the purpose of con sidering applications for the position of collector, aud of discussing privately the desirability of appointing a houfte steward, and other mattera connected with tho internal economy of the iir stitutiou. The ujembers present were :—Tho li«iv. E. Grillith (in the chair), Messrs. Hubkird, E. Mac Donnell, Buckland, Maophenon, and Bramaton. There were nineteen applicants for tho post of collector, and the committee decided to appoint Mr. W. M. Boyoe, the commission to be allowed being fixed at 5 per cent. Cor all axuati, \ collected by him. 