OUR AUCKLAND LETTER, ,,''''' DECEMBER (I. THE Auckland graving dock scheme has turned out a miserable fiasco.' 'A few hours after the closing of my communication per Hero (ss the Harbours Board met to consider the tenders which had been received. The lowest tender was £90,787, or £27,000 favor Mr, Moiituty's estimate, and ASOOO more than that of the Beard's engineer. On going into the financial position of the Utiaid, it AVIIB found that, notwithstanding sides of £180,000 had been sanctioned on the. harbour cudoAvnients (£100,000 of which had been already raised with works in hand, or contracts accepted, there would be a deficiency of nearly £10,000 to complete the graving dock scheme. In the 1 face of these facts, which ought to have been known to the members of the Board, they declined to ac- . cept the responsibility their decision would have in volved, and accordingly passed the following resolu- trial:-" That the original estimate of the engineer being so merciless than the lowest tender received, it is not desirable to accept of any of the tenders received." The result is most discreditable to any public body at the harbour loan had been increased from £100,000 lo tl50,0C(J by the Legislature, on the eA press under- standing that a corumcidioiiB dock should be constructed, but it now appears that the hulk of the funds has been devoted to other objects, Not the least of the evils entailed is the imputation I Aihkh nity be fairly made against the Board of adver a liking for" tenders in the Australian colonies, and cMini g serious expense and trouble to contractors, w hile at the same time they were not in a position to sit cept a single solider offered. Two plans have been suggested to get the Board out of its dilemma 1, to determine certain contracts, compensating the contractors, and using the funds thus not bee with the balance in hand to construct the dock from-, 2, to raise 4.60,000 (additional on the endowments, by way of mortgage, it is a matter of grave doubt whether even a burnt cork for the use of the coasting and interproAincial bhipjiiiiK will be constituted. The first of the Hay. War Bay native land cases, icnicdbvAvlint is known title "Repudiation Par ty" into the Court of Appin] at Wellington, has just been decided, practically, in favour of the natives. The dt eleven often Court in Ktirnitiuna v'. Sutton, declares I absolutely void all conveyances, mortgages, and leases of land f>ub*A't]ucjit to the Native Land Act, 1889, I which has not been concurred in by a majority in value of the planters. Fully three-fourths of the land purchases in Hawkes Bay will be adversely affected by this judgment, and it has created some dismay among those desiccated. Mr. Sutton has been involved in CIOIO legal expenses, and the loss of property is a estimated at £10,1100., Wv. James Vanner, for Auckland, it is said, will also be affected by the decision of the Court of Appeal, having liurchiigpil land through Mr. Sutton worth £10,000. The Native Minister (Sir"' lit nald W'Lcun), Mr. Ormond, and others, are also concerned. A Defence Association is in process of formation amongst those interested to raise a fund to defend themselves, and to enable cases to be taken on appeal to the Privy (Council. The natives are not likely to 1 gain much by their Address, judging from the past, at the legal gentry who take up these cr see him life love and affection," generally manage to send- the' cruiser, leaving the Maoris the blacks. Judge llicluuoiid and Judge Manning, who were appointed a Commission some time ago to examine the Hawke's Bay land transactions, reported that with two or three exceptions the purchases were equitable and just ; but it through legal chicanery the natives, get out of land transactions, for which they have been already paid, those who know anything of Wnou nature, do not need to be told that the work of "lepueliHtioii" has as yet only begun. In the Auck- land Native Lands Court some i0,0Û0 acres are under adjudication at the present time, partly at the hiiiDci, and partly on thereat Coast. Tile '. advanced livllu-otinn of some of the Thames gold-fields natives AVOID suilieiiiitiy proved, at a recent sitting, by their attempting to pass through the Court, under fresh ' names, blocks of land which they had already sold to the Government. 'the Parliament is to be dissolved, by proclamation, to-day (December G. and the new units will be at once issued. They are to run sixty days. An Auckland journal, the JJcho, gave up the ghost the other day, only surviving its first birthday by a week, tlicAietim of a complaint which has been last tells tin ore, " weakness ofthechebt." The entries thereof Auckland seems to be fatal to such enterprise, this being about the tenth journalistic venture in as many cars which has succumbed to the perils peculiar to infancy. The plant of the area is about to leiemoAetllo Dunedin, where it is said it will re- appear at a rival to the JJunoitlii Evening Star, and in the interests of the Provincial party. Mr. Macandrew, it is understood, has been latterly somewhat dissatisfied of the attitude assumed by the Dunedin press on the abolition question, and the above project is in tended to give his party an organ for the expansion and darkness of Provincialism. 