Our Adelaide Letter. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTl September 28. Legislative!.?, we are on the threshold of two or three interesting events which dwarf by contrast the political occurrences of the past fortnight. The truth is, the critical stage of the session has been reached, and a few days will set at rest the problem of whether the Government will succeed in the daring policy which has won them the admiration and the sympathy of the country, or whether, like so many of their predecessors, they will have to submit to the humiliation of seeing their magnificent projects nipped in the bud. It must be confessed that Item I. in their bold proposals stands a very fair chance of being rejected. This is no other than their scheme of taxation, which is to-day to undergo the ordeal of criticism in that despotic Upper Chamber which practically rules the legislative roast. The bill imposing stamp and succession duties has run the gauntlet of the Assembly, and has been sent on to the Upper House, strongly recommended by a decisive majority in the people's Chamber; but not the less likely is it, on that account, to be despite fully treated, and cast out us an unclean thing. The Council glories in the strength which the Constitution gives it, and treats the Assembly as an erring younger brother, of weak judgment and unsteady habits. In this new taxation affair it lays the flattering unction to its soul that it, and it alone, knows what is best for the country, and although there have been no protests worth speaking of against the Stamp Bill, those who know declare that there is not the ghost of a chance of its passing through the Little Lords. If it do not, the Government will be sorely put about to find another corner- stone for their Public Works policy. Without replenishing the revenue from some source they cannot hope to find grace in the eyes of London capitalists, who are beginning to get sensitively alive to the question of how the finances of borrowing colonies are managed. Of course, having put their hand to the plough, the Ministry, with every self-respect, look back, and, new taxes or no new taxes, the bill to borrow a couple of millions of money to construct 529 miles of economical railway must be submitted and fought for to the bitter end. The Premier has promised to divulge his proposal in this matter during this week, and the public are curious to know how he is going to set about making iron roads over rough and smooth country alike at an average, cost of £3060 a mile at the outside. By the way, a black cloud, which threatened to be followed by a deluge powerful enough to overwhelm the Ministry, has been hovering above the political horizon for some time. It is in the form of an appeal for enquiry into sundry proceedings connected with the case of Dalwood, contractor for the Northern Territory sections of the overland telegraph, against the Government, which are said to reflect most unfavorably upon three members of the Ministry to wit, the Commissioner of Crown Lands, the Attorney-General, and the Chief Secretary. The gist of the accusation is that the Commissioner of Crown Lands, being attorney for Dalwood, and the Attorney-General, being counsel for the Government, did, in an unbecoming and unholy way, conspire together to bring about a compromise of the action so as to admit of their taking office together, and so as to release from his position as bondsman for Dalwood their new colleague, the Chief Secretary. The three Minist era confess to lending the full weight of their influence to bring about a compromise, but indignantly repudiate the idea of there being anything unseemly or corrupt in their proceedings. So well assured are they of their own purity and integrity in the matter that they have determined to treat) the proposal to appoint a committee of enquiry as a motion of no confidence, and to die officially rather than be under suspicion. For the moment the resolute stand they have taken This saved them, for the prime advocate for the committee has made up his mind to proceed no further in the business at present. Although, however, the cloud has thus been temporarily dispersed, the materials for reforming it He ready to hand, and the storm, beat fatal or not, will fall upon the heads of the Ministry. In the meanwhile, Dalwood, dissatisfied with the compromise, to which he assented in the most unqualified terms, has appealed to the Assembly for an investigation, and a motion for a select committee on the subject is now on the paper, It would never do that a case involving a claim of £120,000, and which has been in course of litiga-' tion for four years, should ingloriously collapse, as it has been innocently thought by the public Dalwood against the Government had collapsed. It is against the spirit and the genius of the law that such a thing should be permitted. True, the Commissioner of Crown Lands has washed his hands of the suit, but there are other legal gentlemen to take his place, and protect Dalwood from being made the victim of his own verdancy and of his own impetuous desire to put an end to litigation at any hazard. Although, then, the judicial history of this overland telegraph case has closed, its parliamentary history is just being entered upon. Among the few things worth recording which Parliament has done of late is the passing by the Council of the second reading of the Education Bill. This measure, although almost identical with the bill which the conscript fathers contiinieliously rejected two years ago, has been accepted with enthusiasm. The fact that it does not provide for free education? in other words, that the cost to the Treasury of the system which it embodies will be some £15,000 a year less than that contemplated by the bill of 1873, has broken down prejudice and disarmed opposition, and there is every likelihood of the measure being passed without alteration, and of our being emancipated, before the year is out, from the trommels of the contracted and effete system which has so long cramped the intellectual growth of the rising generation. The only principle of the bill to which any strong objection has been taken is that of granting endow- ments of land for school purposes, but there is very little likelihood of its being expunged. While the Upper House has been thus far use- fully employed, the Assembly has been clearing the way for the Railway Bill by disposing of the Estimates. Every items the schedule of proposed expenditure has been agreed to, including £70,000 for the maintenance of main roads? construction being thrown upon the Loan Fund? and £100,000 for immigration. A division was taken on this latter amount, and only two were found to oppose it. The feeling in favor of increasing the population by' introducing laborers from abroad was so strongly marked that, had the Government doubled the appropriation, they would have found a majority to support them. The Intercolonial Free-trade Bill has had a happy issue out of all its troubles in the Assembly. A vigorous attempt was made to exclude manufactures from its operation, which would of course have shut out Queensland sugar from any reciprocity arrangement, but the Government resisted it, and carried the measure in its entirety. It is now before the Legislative Council, where it is likely to meet with a favor- able reception, although it is not improbable that the House, in its zeal for the public interests, will introduce reservations calculated to impair, if not destroy, the value of the measure. In course of the discussions, a point raised in Queensland as to the necessity of validating agreements by express legislation was raised, and the Attorney- General gave it as his opinion that, while the Imperial Act evidently contemplated the necessity for such validation, the present Bill was quite within the powers conceded by the British Parliament The vagaries of the City Council show no sign of abatement. The question, as between them and their surveyor, has reached a dead-lock, owing to the refusal of the three ex-Mayors, appointed to enquire into the matter, to act for less than a guinea an hour; but their fertility of resource in the eccentricity line rises superior to any little difficulty of that kind. Their latest idea is to submit to Parliament a bill for the restoration of the time-honored system of public nomination in the case of Mayors and for the revival of those pains and penalties against Sabbath desecration, which in these degenerate days have been allowed to fall into disuse. By this latter provision it is enacted that man shall do no manner of work on the Lord's Day, that is to say, no manner of work at all approximating to his ordinary avocations. The cabman will, therefore, have to keep close holiday, the vendors of articles perishable or otherwise must refrain from effecting sales, and even newspaper offices will have to keep their doors religiously closed until midnight on Sunday. Verily, the Council are laying upon the citizens a burden too grievous to be borne even the burden of trying to maintain a respect for dignitaries who insist upon making themselves a laughing-stock. The Adelaide Hospital has been under examination by a committee of enquiry, and the verdict is that the management is everything that could be wished for. True, the senior house-surgeon was retained on the staff for months after it became known that he was of inveterately intemperate habits ; true, the supplies of beef were bad, and the cooking worse ; true, the ventila- tion of the building was indifferent, and the arrangement for separating patients imperfect, but still the report was favorable. Indeed, how could it well be otherwise, seeing that the investigation was conducted by a sub-committee of the Board of Management, and seeing that most of the witnesses were members of the Board. It is only fair to say, however, that the evidence proved the institution to be admirably conducted, in several important respects. The surgical instruments and the drugs used are of the first quality, the cleanliness and order maintained in all the wards are exemplary, while the system of medical supervision resorted to is of the most unexceptionable character. There are two house surgeons, receiving respectively £500 and £300 each, with quarters and rations ; but their responsibility is altogether subordinate to that of the honorary medical officers the leading practitioners of the city, who take charge of wards, and make it a point to attend to the cases brought in as carefully and as assiduously as if there was a heavy fee to be looked forward to as the reward of their labors. During the enquiry some of the medical witnesses were sounded as to the possibility of establishing a homeopathic department in connection with the hospital, but not one of them would hear of such a heretical procedure. With hands raised in horror at the proposal, they declared that they would have no traffic with the un- fruitful works of Hiilmemaiin and his dis- ciples. The moment it was attempted to bring them into association with the men of this new school of medicine, they would sever their connection with the hospital. 2'aii<eriic inc in cas/es tibus animals. Ten of our- marksmen have been measuring rifles with an equal number of the crack shots New South Wales, and have been defeated? not ignominiously, however, for the difference between the scores is only 27. The Sydney men made a total of 1480, while the Adelaide team reached 1453, a very respectable aggregate, considering how little is done to encourage the use of the rifle in this colony. The only rifle association in existence here is a voluntary one, to which the Government renders no aid. We are utterly without a military force, and the only recogni- tion of fire-arms which the Legislature deigns to make, consists in the imposition of a license fee upon those who happen to be possessed of such weapons, and are desirous of making use of them. The movement for the establishment of an inebriate asylum has been decidedly hanging fire. A handsome sum £3000 or £4000 was, some months ago, raised by private subscription towards the cost of starting the institution, and Williams, the indefatigable superintendent of the Bushman's Home devoted many weary hours to the task of obtaining a suitable site for a building, but all in vain. The consequence was that both he and his coadjutors grew momentarily weary in well-doing, and let the pro cut sleep. A fresh inspiration has, however, now come upon them, and they have resolved to carry matters to an issue or perish in the attempt. An appeal to the Government for assistance has resulted in the promise of £3000, and the search for premises has been revived. It must not be supposed that South Australians are more persistently bibulous than their neighbors because we are sucking to establish a home for dipsomaniac ; but candor compels me to admit that there are in the colony two or three dozen, at least, of eligible candidates for the asylum, which it is intended to found with as little delay as possible. The Commissioners for the Philadelphia Exhibition still hold periodical meetings, and pass sago resolutions upon a multiplicity of topics ; but it is open to grave question whether we shall be better represented in the Quaker city in the matter of exhibits than we are at present at the Melbourne Show That we shall be well represented otherwise is beyond a doubt, for not our plenipotentiary to by Mr. Samuel Davenport, president of the Royal Agricultural Society and of the Chamber of Manufactures, is he not to be provided with a secretary to record his impressions ? It is possible, indeed, that a story of oil and wine and dried fruits, and so forth, will be sent toPhihululplii.i, and, if it be, we may look for a favorable report; but the Commissioners do not seem to be bestirring themselves to procure specimens of our produce for transmission to the States. Another step has been taken towards bringing the Adelaide University into Working order. News has come that Mr. Horace Lamb, M.A., Fellow and Assistant Tutor and Mathematical Lecturer, at Trinity College, Cambridge, has been appointed Professor of Mathematics; and that Mr. Tate, of whose qualifications everybody is at present profoundly ignorant, has been selected to occupy the chair of Natural Philosophy. These two learned luminaries are to make their way to Adelaide within the next six months and on their arrival they, in common with the two professors now in the colony, will organise classes, and otherwise assist the Council in bringing the institution into proper working order. As yet, the number of students who have claimed the privilege of passing through a university course in the colony is extremely small, but this probably arises from the fact that arrangements for lectures and so forth are in an extremely miniature state. The season continues to be delightfully fine, and the hearts of the farmers are swelling high with expectancy. If only the weather continue as favorable for them during the next three or four weeks it has been during the last three or four months, they will reap a harvest which will put to the blush all the harvests that have, up to this point, been gathered in in South Australia. We are still being fed with musical and dramatic dainties. De Murska has appeared, and has taken the town by storm. At first there was hesitation and doubt, but now there is nothing but enthusiasm. She is the sweet singer of a generation, and deserves all the com- pliments that are being poured into arrears by enraptured audiences and delighted critics. The Williamsons are still drawing good houses and a few weeks hence, we are to have the inspired History! among us, to act as con- ductress for colonial youths into a world of art of which they at present have little conception. The Roman Catholics of Victoria are, says the Age, evidently preparing for an event that cannot be very far off', namely, a dissolution of Parliament Throughout the Ballarat diocese meetings have been held in every centre of population, to protest against the present Education Act, and for the purpose of forming organisations to defend, as the Catholics say, their constitutional rights," and to find funds for the efficient maintenance of the Catholic schools. The series of meetings finished with the central one hold at Ballarat on Tuesday night, when about 2000 persons were present at St. Patrick's Cathedral, including delegates from all parts of the diocese. The resolutions passed at this meeting were similar to those recently passed at a Roman Catholic conference held in Melbourne. They set forth in general terms the alleged injustice under which Catholics are said to suffer from their being compelled to pay for schools which conscientious objections prevent them using, and assert that the Catholics will never rest until their educational claims be recognised. An experienced agriculturist advises farmers never to sell the pelts which occasionally collect upon a farm. He says?" The skin of an animal, whether, cow, calf, or horse, that dies on the farm, is worth more at home than at the tanner's. Cut it into narrow strips, and shave off the hair with a sharp knife before the kitchen fire, or in your workshop, on stormy days and evenings. You may make them soft by rubbing. A raw- hide halter strap an inch wide will hold a horse better and longer than an inch rope. It is stronger than hoop-iron and more durable, and may be used to keep dry casks, and for hinges. Try it on a broken thill or any wood that has been split. Put it on wet and nail fast. Thin skins make the best to use in their natural state." 