THE BISHOP OF PETERBOROUGH ON 'EXTEMPORE PREACHING.' THE following address was recently delivered by the Bishop of Peterborough before the Church Homiletical Society, in the Trophy Boom, St. Paul's Cathedral. The subject was ' The Art of Extem pore Preaching,' and Dr. Magee contended at the outset that it was an art thoroughly within the reach of nine out of ten of the clergy of the English Church. Lawyers possessed it, so did Dissenting ministers, and so did members of Parliament, after a fashion ; why should they be exceptions 7 I. As to the qualifications necessary to the art. (1) Nerve : men say they are so nervous, forgetting that tm*3 very nervousness is one of the greatest secrets of successful which was rapidly overcome by a little practice out of the pulpit, but which should properly be attended to before ordination, instead of after it. (2) Fluency : the want of which came either (a) from fulness of ideas, on the principle that it was easier to pour ?water out of a half -empty bottle than one quite full; or (5) from culture, i.e., excessive nicety in the correction of , the words used, the skilful and careful selection of which should be done beforehand, and not in the pulpit. What we really ?want is accuracy combined with fluency — the art of thinking upon one's legs ; and there is no greater help to this than the practice of taking a standard author with the view of rendering any passage in other than equivalent words. (3.) Memory : in the sense of being memory for ideas and not for words. A verbal memory would often fail us treacherously at the last moment ; and to rely simply on that was a great mistake. Was extempore preaching, then, it might be asked, worth so much trouble being bestowed upon it ? His lordship answered in the affirmative. True, in a written sermon you might attain to the greatest specimen of oratory, but for practical use extempore discourses were the more desirable of the two. Moreover, it was easier to do the one well than the other ; because one required good speaking, and the other good reading ; and there could be no doubt good reading was the rarest of all arts. The advantages, too, of a written, over an extempore, sermon, were mainly for the preacher, and not for the congregation. II. The preparation of the sermon itself. If this was to be done well, or done at all without breakdown, the subject must be thoroughly thought out, and put clearly and visibly down on two sheets of paper, because there is a memory of the eye as well as of the brain ; and this mental vision of the skeleton would come into play afterwards. The next thing was to clothe it with flesh, and three plans were commonly adopted ; (a) learning the whole off by heart ; (5) the interpolation of extempore bits in the manuscript, a worse practice than the other ; . (c) merely taking out the heads, and trusting to the moment for words ; this, when attained, is the very perfection of extempore preaching. Careful practice in writing, however, was absolutely necessary to this art ; all good speakers write, and write constantly. After think ing out your subject and making your skeleton, sit down and write your sermon ; then read it over, take notes of the leading thoughts, especially a closing paragraph, and from those notes preach the Bermon to a friend. This plan gives you all the fulness and freedom of extempore language, and all the aptness and force of carefully pre pared thoughts and ideas ; and though laborious at first, the task of writing, as you advance, will become less and less. Sfctes were not much good for reference, as they rather puzzled one, but they were of use in giving a man confidence, and also for impressing and burning the subject into his memory ; a sight of one word in them would often wake up a whole series of underlying ideas. III. As to the mode of delivering an extempore sermon, the bishop said his first piece of advice, though homely, was not bad — when a man has risen from his knees in the pulpit, let him draw a good long breath. The difference of a discourse coming from a chest half-full of air or quite full was only to be appreciated by those who had tried both. Then begin in a natural tone of voice ; let the first few sentences be spoken with great slowness and delibera tion ; form the words not from your chest, nor your mouth, but from your lips, so that they may have a good ring about them. Then ' make points,' as the lawyers call it — i.e., at the end of a telling paragraph, don't hurry on to the next without a pause. Never try back in a sermon, because there is nothing more fatal to a man than to be haunted with the ghost of an idea which he ought to have given utterance to. but which he didn't. ' Go on' is the secret of public speaking, and keep going on. Then never think of the action you use ; there is something so miserable in the thought of the pulpit fop, practising attitudes before a glass ; but there are such things. Moreover, it is advisable to have prepared beforehand a few sentences of conclusion. Many an excellent sermon is spoilt by the weary hunt to find an ending to it. Above all, in the pulpit forget yourself entirely and completely. In conclusion, the lecturer urged upon those of his elder brethren who had grown too old to mend in this matter, earnestness of life, devotedness of service, loving kindliness with their people ; these made up for many defects. They could not always preach a great sermon ; but day by day they could live a great sermon. The power of a holy life upon the hearts of their people was something which went far to compensate for deficiencies in the pulpit, and it was something without which the greatest success in the pulpit is a miserable failure, and for which they would have to answer before Q-od at the last day. A man may work bras's to great beauty and perfection; but no artificer can , work it into gold. To change our nature, must be the work of Omnipotence. .. 