BERTHA SHELLEY. The Lily of the Hunter Valley! [An Australian Story of Forty Years Ago.] By WILLIAM AUBREY BURNAGE. CHAPTER XXII. (Continued.) And her music was a fair reflex of her mood. She had been reading the verses she had picked up by the river, and the mournful lines, I bear my curse—the felon's mark— Unto my grave! had set her musing, and tinged her sombre thought with sympathizing melancholy. She now realised painfully the terrible position of one, an exile for ever from his home and friends; and the confidence that he was, un- justly so, made her gentle heart yearn the more tenderly to soothe his sorrow. She pictured to herself the home he had lost, and the maiden he 'loved, but dared not woo.' 'I wish it had been Marion Macaulay!' she thought earnestly, as her fingers drew a low, plaintive strain from the keys; 'he might have been so happy, and the 'felon's mark' would have been no obstacle, to their union; for she bears it, as well as he!' Presently, she remembered that her doves had not been fed; and rising from the piano, she closed it, and left the parlor. She was passing through the dining-room, on her way to the doye-cot, when Percy startled her by exclaiming, in a tone of unfeigned admiration, 'You have given me a great treat, Miss Bertha! I had no idea you had such wonder- ful powers!' 'What? Did you hear me?' she asked, with a frightened look, 'I was only amusing myself—in fact, I was thinking, and was hardly aware that I had been playing at all, until I left off!' 'Your thoughts must have been sweet in- deed, if your music was an echo of them!' Percy exclaimed, warmly. 'They were sorrowful rather than sweet, Mr. Sinclair; I was thinking of you,' she replied, softly. 'Indeed!' he exclaimed, a warm flush mounting to his temples. It was sweet to form the subject of her thoughts, and Hope, never wholly dead in the heart of the most abject, suggested a tender motive for her medi- tations. 'I was thinking of those mournful lines of yours— "I love, but dare not woo! And dark As is a soul without one spark Of cheering hope to light its bark O'er life's rough wave, I bear my curse—the felon's mark — Unto my grave!' With a glance of dismay, Percy exclaimed, 'Surely you did not find those rhymes! I lost them months ago; and, as I could not find them again, I hoped they were destroyed or obliterated by the weather.' 'I found them down by the river, a few days after our escape from the Broad Lagoon,' she replied, handing him the paper. 'I think them very pretty, especially the last two verses.' Percy glanced at his writing, and then folded the paper up and put it into his pocket, saying, 'I ought to have put them in to the fire when I wrote them; or, batter, never have written them at all.' 'Give them back to me, Mr. Sinclair! I should be sorry to part with them now!' she said, eagerly; He returned them to her in silence, grieved that she had found them, and fearful that she should divine who was addressed, or ask him to tell her. As if reading his thoughts, .she enquired, abruptly, after a few seconds embarrassing pause, 'I should to much like to know who the lady is your lines are addressed to? B.! One of my initials! Is she a namesake of mine?' He saw from her artless manner, that she had not guessed his secret; and, smiling faintly, he replied, 'Yes. Miss Bertha, the lady is your namesake.' 'Will you tell me all about her, Mr. Sin- clair?'—I would so much like to hear? She must be very good and beautiful too, for you to love so much?' Bertha said with enthu- siasm, as she took a vacant chair near the couch. 'And she is very good and very beautiful too!' he replied; 'but I cannot tell you any- thing about her now, Miss Bertha; perhaps I may some day.' 'Well, as I have discovered the secret of your writing poetry, will you show me some?' 'Yes, Miss Bertha; but I would prefer reading to you from the works of some recog- nised poet.' 'You must read some of your own to me, to atone for my disappointment in your re- fusal to tell me anything about the lady you addreaned those verses to!' she replied smiling. 'I have a piece here, Miss Bertha, that I have just finished; it lacks the only redeem- ing quality of the piece you found.' 'What is that?' she enquired, glancing up wonderingly. 'Brevity!' he replied, taking some sheets of paper from his breast poc- ket. 'These verses form the prelude to a poem, I intend writing some day.' The scene lies in the bush near Sydney, and the writer is supposed to be teacher of the village school, who, fagged and weary with the labours of the day, takes a walk into the bush to read and meditate. You must tell me at once when you tire.' 'You may be sure of that, Mr. Sinclair! I am not used to being a martyr to cold polite- ness,' she replied, laughing. 'Commence at once; or I shall tire before you begin.' Percy unrolled his M.S. and read in a clear and flexible voice— FRANCES. [A pastoral poem—prelude to "Circass a."] One summer's eve, my daily labor done, My little flock of laughing pupils all To their far homes dispersing, and the sun In the red west suspended like a ball Of liquid, golden flame—his course high run— I to the stilly woods, where echoes call To the shy bellbird's silvery tinkle, went. Musing in gloomy mood of sullen discontent. And to a sweet, sequester'd vale I came, Where flows a crystal brook, the wanton flowers (Those children of the wild, who aye did claim A place by river's bank and sunny bowers) Press'd to its very trim, as tho' their aim Was in its depths to scan their tinted dowers. To other eyes than mine the lovely scene Was but the bush—to me a paradise terrene! Beneath a gumtree's scanty shade I threw My weary self, and gazed with growing joy On nature's soften'd charms, that did endue My soul with peace, which soon without alloy Into a sweet and pensive sadness grew And then the time I idly did employ In quaffing deep of Wordsworth's soothing balm, That to my settled peace did add a supercalm. With strange delights the homely tales I read (So simply sweet in their pure Saxon dress) Of gentle Lucy's death; and how she led Her wand'ring parents forth in sad distress, And of the hapless maiden, who did wed One of "impetuous blood"—and wretchedness. But 'twas his touching story of the "child, Of beauty rare," that me with pleasure most beguiled Fast fell the shades of evening round me, still Unconscious of the thick'ning gloom I lay Musing upon the pleasingpicture, till Night's pall was thrown upon the form of day. An ecatacy then seized me, that did fill My mind with clearer light, yet stole away All memory of the Past. It was, perchance, A waking dream I had—a bright and glorious trance. A light, resplendent as a summer morn, Yet, as serenest moonbeams' silvery glow, Subdued, and chill, d'd on the landscape dawn, Investing all the varied scene bslow With mystic beauty, as is never worn By sober nature, but when faries show Their midnight pageant, and upon the green. Disport the hours away with Mab, the elfin queen. In rapture on the dazzling scene I gazed; Yet did I marvel not!—The lethean spell. Had from my vacant mind the past erased. That 'twas a prospect strange I could not tell, Nor at its awful splendor feel amazed! But with such joy I view'd each flowery dell And woody height, as only they may feel To whom the jealous Nine the Beautiful reveal. Upon each tiny leaf and grassy blade. The falling dew in glist'ning pearl-drops hung, And flash'd, and sparkled, when the breezes sway'd Each yielding stalklet, as if there were flung Earthward a melting rainbow, that was made Its rarest hues to lend. The while among Those dewy gems there sprang Buoh gorgeous flowers— Too purely, fairly bright for this dull earth of ours! Around I gazed! Around, on every side, Above, below, turn where my rapt eyes might, There were warm nature's charms intensified— The else-time dull now wore a radiant light; And e'en grey atones and rotting timber vied With all by nature fair to please the sight. There was not found in all the scene one spot (So perfect was the change) where loveliness was not! That which me most did please of all the scene (Ah, long I gazed, and drank with greedy joy Its calm, ethereal beauty, its serene And silent grandeur), was that wondrous sky. In far-famed Italy hath never been At cloudless, summer noon, as tint so high Of glowing sapphire, as above was shown— Never till then nor since was sky so beauteous known. And in that blue expanse, as in a sea. The starry boat like golden islets gleam'd, Of wondrous size they shone and brilliancy ; And from the river's silvery breast there seemed A myriad lights to burn in dancing glee. All earthly sound was hush'd, as if I dream'd. So mute was nature, that with ravish'd ears Those heavenly strains I heard—the music of the spheres Bath'd in a flood of splendor, steept in joy (A joy of feeling, not of thought) I lay. The lapse of time did work me no annoy: Its wing upon the Present seem'd to stay. No thought of Past nor Future did destroy Tho glory of the Now! I could not say If in that still repose of calm delight A fleeting hour I lay, or half the ling'ring night! Adown the vale at length my eyes I turn'd, And there, approaching with her fleecy charge A young and lovely shepherdess discern'd. She slowly came alone the river's marge, Close followed by her gentle flock, nor spurn'd Their eager pressing, as they strove, with large And wistful eyes upturned to her sweet face, A kindly glance to win, or her soft hands' embrace. I watched her, as she came, with such delight As should a form of Beauty all inspire; Nor marvell'd who she was, nor if she might Be a stray member of Euterpe's choir. Flora, Proserpine, or Dian, bright From the dread world unseen, who wander'd nigher To view the earth those heavenly beams reveal: For, as I passive lay, I could not think, but feel. She nigh had reach'd me, when she, pausing, stood Some moments still, and gazed upon the stream, Her woolly people round, "Sweet maidenhood. The fairest vision of a summer's dream, Oh, could I paint thee thus in pensive mood. Gazing upon the flood with eyes that seem Of angel birth—so fathomless and clear— A feat I should achieve, that had no earthly peer! 'But no! 'Tis vain! With my weak pen 'tis vain Such wondrous loveliness as thine to hope, Upon my poem's fading page to chain! With task so Titan-great I could not cope! And yet thy dazzling charms I can again All will recal!"—A crimson, silken rope Close binds her filmy robe of silver beams; And in her starbright hand a crook all golden gleams. The amorous breezes her fairy locks caress, And drooping boughs bend low her lips to meet; The flowers, in haste to touch her trailing dress, Their mirrow'd charms forget, and sweetly greet Her with a sign of welcome, as they press In loves solicitude, around her feet; For in that lovely face and pensive smile No human vice there lurks, nor mortal's venour'd guile. But for that bright transparency of skin, Whose warmth betrays the mantling blood beneath, And heaving breast, which tells of soul within, And musing eyes, and half-disclosed teeth— Bat for those signs unerring, that her kin Was, not with marble, but with forms that breathe, I might have ta'en her for—so fair, so still— That Venus statue rare—the sculptor's highest skill. As he in whose high soul the genius lies To sketch a fading landscape or a face From changing nature, and in native guise On canvas rude its oharms secure to place, So that its painted shadow yet defies Time's with 'ring hand to alter or erase— As he in transport rapt would fixtly gaze On Beautys nonparell, my eyes I could not raise, But on her dazzling features bent them still, Note-takiqg of their every witching charm In speechless admiration lost, until A lamb espied me, and in quick alarm Its warning bleated loud. She turned. A thrill Of madd'ning joy sped thro' me, as her calm, Heaven-tinted eyes met mine. With joy's excess I trembled as the leaves, when zephyrs soft caress. A moment's space she paused, then forward sprang With outstretch'd arms of welcome, and a smile Of joyous recognition; and her tongue, In accents silvery sweet as Arion's viol Cried: "Little thought I, Henry, here among The moonlit woods, to meet thee, and beguile An hour in tender converse !' As sh« spoke. Came memory slowly back, as to one new swoke. It was! it was! I knew her by the glances Of yearning, quenchless love from speaking eyes, And by that rippling voice, whose music dances In liquid melody! O, Paradise! It was! It was my hope, my darling Frances! Into my arms she sprang in glad surprise; But, horror!— As I caught her to my breast. In eager joy, 'twas but a shadow that I press'd! I backward reel'd aghast in shrinking awe! Her aspect immaterial did perplex My doubting sense past telling!—There, before Me stood the best and brightest of her sex In lifeful semblance; yet I, trembling, saw As thro' a form of mist, the bright reflex Of all the scene beyond. My curdling blood Froze in its icy fount, and stay'd its crimson flood. At my dismay she smiled, and gently said— "Nay, fear not, love! A disembodied soul— Hath neither will nor power to work thee dread. And least of all has hers, whose earthly goal Is in thy heart to live! Hast thou not read How fair I Ianthe at queen Mab's control Rose from her slumb'riug body, which she left Awhile without a soul, tho' not of life bereft. "And upward borne by Mab's pellucid ear Thro' fields of azure light unto the verge Of highest heaven, sow from thence afar The distant earth, and heard the fairy urge Some strange and startling truths (if truths they are). Like her did I at Mab's command emerge From my still breathing form—the' not like her To list the teachings of that august sophister." "What, what!" I cried, "Art thou then but the ghost Of her I love far more than words can tell? And is thy beauteous outline at the most, To eyes so perfect, but a vision's spell?" "I am thy Frances' soul," she said, "and boast No higher power; so do thy terror quell! I am in truth no other than you see, The deathless part of her, whose love is dear to thee!" I gazed with wonder on her loveliness, As there she stood—a disembodied shade Dress'd in ethereal beauty. You may guess To see the stars shine thro' her me dismay'd! But, tho' all unsubstantial, from fair tress To fairer feet, her charms were all displayed In richer, rarer, brighter traits of grass, Than can in normal life be seen in form or face. And I can now aver (you must admit Me witness of the mystery) that when From crumbling clay a spirit risen, it— (As doth diamoud thro' the crusts, that pen Its glories in bursts front its grave of grit Aglare in living splendor) it doth then In native form from its rent prison spring, Intensified its charms past all imagining! "And who are these thy flock? Are they, like thee, But immaterial essences, or are They sheep in verity?" "My guards they be, Each one a trusty fairy sent to bar From me all hurtful things, that wander free Thro' boundless space from floating star to star. Bright Mab their queen draped them in this disguise. And bade them guard me well, with jealous, watchful eyes. ''And many a time do they at her behest, When flings the moon a silvery radiance o'er The sleeping woods, roam with me far in quest Of Echo's lonely call moss.grown and hoar. O'er hill and dale our chequei'd way we've press'd In eager, nightly search, yet fruitless; for Our gaze it still escapes, tho' oft so near, That her wild, joyous notes, do mock our list'ning ear, "And when the Fairy Queen can leisure find From regal cares herself awhile to rest, In her swift ear, whose coursers leave behind The lagging lightning flash, she takes me, drest In garb invisible to mortals, blind By earthly dross of clay, upon the crest Of ocean's boundless waves to distant climes. And to my gaze reveals all places and all times. "Sometimes the earth she shews me ere the date Of its ablution, sometimes takes me where Met Jew and Gentile in unyielding hate. With her I've hover'd where the angels bear Their ransom'd charge thru' heaven's effulgent gate; And where lost spirits sink in mute despair To endless woe, we've stood—from ere the fall Unto the consummation Mab has shewn me all!' To hear her thus discourse—her whom I knew A peasant girl (tho' in rare beauty deck'd, A simple rustic still!)—did me indue With speechless awe. She noted it, and check'd Her tongue's swift melody, and gently drew Her shadowy arm thro' mine, as to direct My tottering steps (I saw, yet felt it not) And slowly led the way down to a moss-grown plot, There sate we down, hid by umbrageous gloom, While bright around the magic splendor shone, Fierce love and terror did my heart consume In wild emotion; yet would I not own My passion's strife, but murmur'd faint, "Resume Thy tongue's melodious flow, that hath alone My mind from troubled thought, or my rough fate to smoothe." And leaning on my breast, her beauteous face To mine upturned in love's sweet confidence, She whispered soft—"What, can my accents chase Dull care from thy dear brow, as can thy glance Corroding trouble from my heart erase? Then will I tell thee, love, where we did chance, Friend Mab and I, last night to wander forth— In her bright car of pearl we started for the North. "Swift as a thought our eager couriers sped. And, in ten seconds, reached the Caucasus. The Fairy check'd their flight, where lifts its head Pale Elburz' haughty mount, that seems to press The clouds to its cold brow. The way she led To a Circassian vale— a wilderness Of lonely beauty—and her magic wand Made scenes to pass my eyes, all other ken beyond. "Ah, sad it makes me, love, to trace again The anguish of the scenes I there beheld! Oh, that a fading dream was all the pain Of breaking hearts, and dying hero's quelled, But by stern Death omnipotent!—the slain. So numberless and noble, but compell'd By a distemper'd vision! Vain the thought! 'Twas real as the woes by rash Ambition wrought! "But take this pen, and, as I tell thee, write— A tale I will narrate shall make thee blush To own thy country, England! Her, whose bright And glorious mission is to save, not crush— Yea, her, the vaunt of freedom, I indict That she stood by accessory, when the flash Of sanguine war thro' fair Circassia spread, And made its children slaves, or laid them with the dead!' I took the pen she offer's. 'Twas of gold With point of crystal, and within a well Of crimson ink—I shudder'd to behold!— "It was," she said, "the blood of one who fell In guarding home and kindred!' Icy cold, Yet curdled not, it seemed a witch's spell. With trembling hands I seized it, and, as under, Wrote from her paly lips this tale of grief and wonder! 'Is that all?' asked Bertha, in a disap- pointed tone, as Percy folded the papers and put them back into his pocket. 'Yes, Miss Bertha; I have not yet written the story these verses are to form the prelude to,' he replied. 'I hope you will do so soon then, for I am anxious to know what it is about. When will you begin it?' 'I cannot say, Miss Bertha, perhaps never.' 'Ah, but you must! Did you name the shepherdess after a friend of yours? I wonder you did not call her 'Bertha,' .after my namesake.' 'The lady is only an ideal, and named after no one that I know,' he replied shortly. 'What a strange fancy for the soul of the lady to walk about by moonlight, attended by a guard of fairies. Well, it in very pretty, al- though it is impossible to be true.' 'Divested of the jingle of rhyme, it would appear simply absurd, I expect, Miss Bertha. How long have you been in the habit of com- posing music as you play?' 'Only a few months. I always felt that I could, but I was afraid to try at first,' she re- plied. 'Have you been out for a ride this afternoon?' she enquired, noticing his pale- ness. 'No; I have felt a slight pain in my chest since dinner, and was afraid to go.' 'That terrible ride from the Broad Lagoon! Shall you ever forget it, Mr. Sinclair!' she exclaimed, as the mention of his pain remin- ded her of its cause. 'Wasn't it a wonder Snowflake brought us home safely, expecially as I dropped the rein?' 'It was indeed, a miracle! And I can never forget that I owe my life to you,' he re- plied fervently. 'And Jerry; don't' forget him, Mr. Sin- clair!| He saved us both!' she said, as she re- collected the blackboy's gallant conquest of the white bull. 'Jerry deserves our warmest gratitude; for he did what few, even good bushmen, could have done. But it was you, Miss Bertha, who saved my life; and I thank you as sincerely as if it was of value to me.' 'Did you not twice save me, Mr. Sinclair? I would do anything to show you how deeply the recollection of those noble acts of yours have impressed me. Your happiness and comfort are of greater consideration to me than my own!' 'May I beg of you one thing?' he asked, in trembling accents; for her words were stirring hopes he had long endeavoured to crush. 'When I have left Field Place, you will some times think of me, not at I am, but as you might, perhaps, have done if the degrading brand of the felon had never been affixed to my name.' 'When you leave Field Place? Surely you do not still intend to go?' she asked eagerly. "I must, Miss Bertha! There is a stern duty that commands me, and I dare not stay,' he replied bitterly. 'But when I am gone, try to forgive my seeming ingratitude in leav- ing your papa's service against his wish!' 'Tell me this envious duty, that would rob us of you, Mr. Sinclair! I have often tried to discover what it can be, that makes your absence from here so necessary; but I cannot, and I won't believe it is necessary unless you explain how!' she exclaimed im- petuously. Percy was but human. It was beyond the power of man to puts through such an ordeal. Again, as on a former occasion of similar temptation, he seized her hand. 'It is use- less! I cannot keep my secret longer! Ber- tha! I, a convicted felon—an innocent one, it is true, but still a convict—have dared to—' A step in the adjoining room recalled him to his senses; and, maddened by the humilia- tion of having again so far forgotten himself, he hastily left the loom. Bertha stood for a few moments where she was, motionless as if changed to a statue. The warm blood suf- fused her face, as his meaning flushed suddenly upon her. He loved her! Now the cause of his determination to leave was plain enough! Now she understood the secret he had uncon- sciously batrayed to her, as he lay lost in the mazes of delirium! And with the knowledge of his love came the consciousness that she had deceived herself in her sentiments towards him. What she had regarded as friendship only, she now discovered to be a deeper and tenderer emotion. Born of gratitude for past services, and admiration for his noble and reckless courage, it had, unknown to herself, ripened into a love. And now that she had learnt the state of her own heart, and had dis- covered that their love was mutual; now that a vista had opened to a bright and happy future, he was going away! No thought crossed her mind of the inequality of their positions. He loved her, and was going to leave! Cause enough in that for the bitter, scalding tears that fell in a pearly shower upon the paper which lay upon the table before her. 'He shall not go!' she said passionately, as she turned towards her own room. 'He shall not go! If he is consigned to another master, he may be treated brutally; and he shall not go! My heart would break, if he goes away!' She passed on to her own room, and sink- ing upon a low stool by the window, sat for hours musing mournfully upon the discovery Percy's interrupted declaration had forced upon her. 'Just what I have feared for months past!' said Mrs. Shelley, entering from an adjoining room, as Bertha left it. 'Ah, what is this?' She picked up the paper Bertha had dropped upon the table, and forgotten. It was the lines Bertha had found at the river. Mrs. Shelley noticed with agitation that the verses were ad- dressed, "To B —." Pale with annoyance and sorrow, she weut out to seek her husband, to impart the unwelcome intelligence, that their child was loved by a convict servant—a noble- hearted gentleman she knew from so long as- sociation with him, but a convict servant still. She found Mr. Shelley in the garden superintending the mending of a broken panel of fencing. He saw from the agituted manner of his wife, that something was amiss, and he left his work and hurried to her side. 'What is the matter, Grace?' he asked, anxiously. 'You seem ill!' They were standing close by the sum- mer house, and hidden by it from the obser- vation of the fencer. 'I am well enough, Walter! But Bertha—' 'What of her?' he exclaimed in terror, fearful from his wife's manner that some terrible calamity had fallen upon his darling. 'Mr. Sinclair loves her! I accidentally overheard him telling her so!' she replied, weeping. 'What he, a convict, dared to talk of love to her?' Mr. Shelley exclaimed, hoarsely, his eyes glittering with rage. 'He has! or rather, hearing my step, he left his declaration unfinished. But he said enough to reveal his sentiments to her.' 'And Bertha?' 'Returns his affection, or I am strangely mistaken! It is indeed a bitter misfortuue, Mrs. Shelley replied mournfully. 'An end now to the bright future we have pictured for our darling. I know her faithful nature too well to believe, that if she once loved Mr. Sinclair she will ever accept the most brilliant offer that could be mads to her. She would refuse to marry him in deference to our feelings, but, she would never marry another, while she loved him.' 'The base ingrate! Has he taken advan- tage of our kindness to betray our confi- dence, and repay us by treacherously and clandestinely stealing our daughter's affec- tions! Curse him! It was an unlucky day that he first set foot upon this place!' Mr. Shelley exclaimed fiercely. 'Could he not retort, Walter, that if he had not come, we should have no Bertha now to grieve about ?' his wife said, gently. 'I would as soon see her in the grave, as the wife of a convict!' he returned, gloomily. 'We did not think so when her life was in danger, a few months ago, Walter! Although the disgrace of such an alliance would break my heart, yet, if she should love him, I would rather sacrifice myself than her. They could wait until he gets his ticket of leave, and we could then set him up on a now station, or take him into partnership on this one,' said Mrs. Shelley, who, of woman-like, saw that it was useless to content the inevitable. 'I suppose, you are right, Grace; but it will be hard. There has never been one of my family or yours either, ever marked with the brand of a felon; and it will be hard to bear the introduction of one now. But, of course, our prejudices must not be allowed to stand in the way of our darling's happiness, if she should be unwise enough to love him!' he replied, in a tone of reluctant resignation. 'He wished to leave Field Place some time ago. How unfortunate that we placed any obstacle in his way,' Mrs, Shelley said, re- gretfully. 'It is indeed! Where is Bertha?' 'Don't speak to her just yet, Walter! It may be better to wait a while. I think it would be best to say nothing about the mat- ' ter, but just send her to Sydney fora time. Her aunt Alice has wanted her to spend a few months with her for a long time past. It will be hard to spare her, but we must submit to the trial.' 'It will be a bitter trial, certainly, Grace, to miss her for so long; but it will be for the best. It is a most perplexing situation to be placed in! We owe her life to him, for he has twice snatched her from the jaws of the grave; yet, it would almost be as hard to lose her in death, as to have her the ontcast from society she must become, if she marries a convict. I wish to heaven we had let him go away, when he first asked permission to! But let us go in, Grace! I feel too much upset by this news to be fit for anything for the rest of the day!' Mr. Shellev said, anxiously, as he drew his wife's arm within his own, and led her back to the house. 'Fool that I am!' exclaimed Percy, bitter- ly, as he stumbled out of the summer- house. 'Why could I not go without causing this misery to my generous benefactors? But they shall not have to hear separation from their darling on my account. To-night, I will leave Field Place for ever! Would that I had done so before I was mad enough to tell her of my love!' He bitterly reproached himself for his folly in unveiling his heart to her; and he accepted his master's epithet of a base ingrate as justly earned. He walked hurriedly away from the summer-house, to avoid their discovering that he had overheard them, and reached his room from the side verandah. As he entered the door, he saw Marion Macaulay passing through the yard. He beckoned her to him. 'Why, Mr. Sinclair, what is the matter? you look as pale as death,' Marion exclaimed, in consternation, observing his haggard ex- pression. 'Can I have a few minutes' conversation with you in private, Marion?' he asked, with- out noticing her words. 'Yes, certainly, Mr. Sinclair. I have something to do in the kitchen now, and we can talk there without interruption,' she replied They entered the kitchen in silence, Marion wondering at his strange manner, and he brooding over his ingratitude and folly. 'Marion,' he asked, after a few moments' pause, 'will you promise not to mention to anyone what I am going to tell you?' 'Yes, Mr. Sinclair, I promise!' she replied, her wonder increasing. 'I am going to leave Field Place to-night? and I want you to get a few of my things ready for me!.' 'Going to leave Field Place to-night? Sure- ly you cannot be serious?' 'I am!' 'What does Mr. Shelley say? Surely he will not allow it, and you not recovered from your fall yet.' 'He wiil know nothing of it till I am gone Marion. You recollect some time back Miss Bertha conjectured that the cause of my wish to leave here was, that I loved some one whom I saw no prospect of winning? She was nearer the truth than she expected. I have loved her from the first moment of seeing her; and I guarded my secret carefully till half an hour ago, when I was mad enough to tell her.' 'Surely not! oh, Mr. Sinclair, whatever could you have been thinking of? I have known your secret ever since the night you leaped down that terrible precipice to save her and I have often wondered how her parents could have been so blind as not to see it. But, oh, how uufortunate that you have betrayed yourself!' 'I was overheard by her mother; and a few minutes after, when I was in the summer house, I heard Mr. Shelley curse the day I ever set my foot in this place. I deserve whatever he can say or think of me. Marion, I put it to you—can I remain longer?' 'No, Mr. Sinclair! I shall miss you sadly; but I cannot advise you to remain. Where 'will you go to?' 'I shall start to-night. I don't know where I shall go to yet, but I shall borrow one of the horses to carry me as far as possible in the night, and then let it free, so that it may re- turn. Get me what provisions you can, and an old blanket, and I shall start directly it is dark,' he said, resolutely. 'Can runaway convicts get employment, Mr. Sinclair? Yon ought to be sure of that before you go,' Marion suggested. At this moment Jerry entered the kitchen. 'Jerry, what horses are in the stockyard?' Percy asked him, in as careless a voice as he could assume. 'Dat big pumpkin-head Giles leave him slip-rails down, and all him horses get out,' replied Jerry, indignantly. 'Try if you can run old Surrey in for me, Jerry.' 'Allright, Misser Sinlar, me catch him! replied Jerry, obligingly, and ran off to execute the order. 'Marion, I shall be compelled to take Miss Bertha's pony, for the other horses are all out; and Jerry cannot possibly run one in on foot. Snowflake was bred on this station; so there will be no fear of his not returning. I shall turn him loose as soon as I get a few miles above Maitland. Here comes Mrs. Shelley. You have promised to keep secret what I have told you, and to have, the things ready directly it is dark!' saying which Percy slip- ped out at a side door of the kitchen, as Mrs. Shelley entered at the front. Half an hour after dark, Percy Sinclair saddled Snowflake, and upon him left Field Place—a step that caused him more trouble and misery in the lowering future, than any previous or subse- quent act in his eventful life. Could he have foreseen the inevitable consequences of that rash act, he could never have been mad enough to have made the venture. ( To be continued). 