This colony may be congratulated all the world oyer , upon its present proudly prosperous position, financially speaking. During the last four years the surplus of revenue over the cur ? rent expenditure of the colony has been steadily increasing, until on this occasion, as divulged in the Budget Speech delivered by the Premier, last Wednesday, it has reached the princely ?total for the past year of a million and a half sterling. This is a happy state of affairs com pared with the financial position of the colony some years ago. -titter a aencit naa occurrca in ' the revenue of the colony under the Treasurer ship of Mr. Weekes, about thirteen 01- fourteen years ago, the financial state of New South Wales appeared to have got into a chronic state of 'depression. At first the deficit was estimated at £400,000, the announcement coming upon the public of the colony like a thunderclap. The Cowper. Government then in oflice contended that the deficit was not so great as was stated and in fact that all things properly estimated there was no deficiency whatever in the Trea sury. The fact remained, however, that the deficit did exist to fully the amount at which it was set down. A great public commotion ? then took place in the colony, the general idea being that New South Wales was financi ally swamped and all but hopelessly insolvent. The Cowpar Government of the day was dis placed to make way for the Martin Government, the then Opposition taking credit for. having made known the rotten state of oui\ public . financial position. The result was, however, that instead of the deficit being reduced, it was increased to £800,000, or double its former amount, under the Martin Government. New taxation was resorted to under those circum. stances, some of the items being the ad1 valorem duties, the postage 011 news papers, and more -latterly the imposition of Stamp Duties. Notwithstanding all this extra drain put upon the publio, the old deficit of about a million sterling still remained like,, a haunting ghost of bygone years. This -state of affairs continued for a period of about ten years. With the year 1870, it may be said, the tide began to turn, and the waves of prosperity to break afresh and with super abundant fulness upon the colony. Indications of increasing prosperity began to present them selves in connection with the Budget speeches q'f the year mentioned, and also of the following year. The public had become so familiar, how ever, with the idea of the over present deficit, that, few if any persons in the colony could believe for a moment that there was any found ation for concluding that the revenue was likely to give a surplus over the expenditure. Such a thing, however, . became to be generally con sidered as being not only improbable, but almost impossible. It remained for Mr. Lloyd, in 1873, to be placed in a position to convince the public beyond doubt that tho colony had reached art epoch of unexpected and almost unprece dented financial prosperity. In that year, Mr. Lloyd, in his capacity as Colonial Treasurer in the Parkes Administration, showed incontcst ' ibly that a surplus for the yoar had accumulated to the, amount of .£700,000. The statement appeared . to be too good to be true, and the community . required some time to reconcile themselves to the pleasing fact thus brought to light in connection with the financial position . of 'the colony; 'Subsequent years have o»Jy tondod.to prqvG the correctness of the state of things then announced by Mr. Lloyd, tho HiirpluB having now readied 110 less a sum than a million and a half. It now only remains for tho colony to act wisely and enterprisingly in the management of her public affairs. She has capital at command in profusion, but it will become her to act judiciously in the expendi ture of the same. Pace should be kept with the times, but economy as well as enterprise should characterise all her undertakings. When we say economy, wo mean the exercise of wise discretion in all our public affairs, not a niggardly ' penny wise and pound foolish' policy. Large undertakingsof a profitable nut, im; are more to the advantage of any country to have carried 011 than aro small and worthless works. Whilst the Government of this colony should look well to the future to prevent undue squandering of our present great income from all sources, and especially from the public lands, they should, at the same time, push forward by ?yvay of progress i by every possible means at their command. - New South Wales is now ?entering upon a great era in her history, and if she does - not soon become the greatest of the many great colonies of this hemisphere, the fault will rest with her rulers, and not with her natural resources. 