«« FISHER'S GHOST.' (To tlte Editor of the Freeman's Jownal.) Sib, —In reply to an article which you printedin a recent issue, and as several reports and com ments of writers have appeared in the public press, aud in some respects differ in their ver sions on the above subject. I have presumed to lay before yonr. readers a truthful statement within the knowledge of myself and several others now resident in the vioiniuy of the murder. In the year 1823, Frederick Fisher, an emancipist, came to reside in Campbelltown, in which, at that time, there were few. houses erected. He commenced store keeping, his business increased, aud in the early part of the year 1826 he began building, being eDgaeed in farming also, which required the employment of many hands. With one of hia men named Broker, he had a quarrel thit ended in a serious assault, for which he was prosecuted, ani ppn-v tenced to six months' imprisonment and a fine of £50. 'When 'undergoing hia sentence he employed one George Worrell, a farming man, to manage his affaire, and on he (Fisher) being released from gaol, returned to Campbelltown to reside on his property. As the cropsf were then in a forward state, and required care against trespass of ptock, an evening's watching beoatne usual to both him and Worrell, and for several nights they went together to look around the fences to seo if they were eeoure ; but as: Fisher was not seen as usual some time after being inthe neighbourhood, inquiry was mnde of. Worrol!, ^aj to his whereabouts; to which he invariably repn5^.« *s ^n? ^e ia ^ar awRy on the blue waters ? .^0 hsa. gone to England and lefb his property to i£Y control' This statement; \yas given oredenoe t6 for several months, and in quiries subsided, till ihv inhabitants of. the town beoame surprised by the report that Mr. John Farley, a respectable, steady farmer, in returning after dusk, about 0 p.m., irom Campbelltown towards his own residence abont ihree miles off, whilst passing along the public road by a three-railed fence at the source of a creek (dry exoept in flood time), had seen Fiahar sitting on the top rail* Mr. Farley -??'?' ?' ? ' * -? ?''?' i jjjj Btood in ' amazement, looking at what ha believed to be Fisher with ths Suit of olothea on usually- worn; but as be had so often heard he t.nd gone to EuglaDd he began to donbt the evident of his censes 'and ns the moon, then in her first quarter; began to give a clear light, he turned a fixed gaze oifwhafe he then thought was Fisher, and observed that he waved hiB right hand very slowly toward* the continuation of the creek, asd instantiv vanished from view. On this he (Farlev) became so terroivstriokeii that instead of pro ceeding on his way hdnfef he returned to tha house, about 500 yards distant, where he Bnenfc ?the .evening, -and told what he; had seen Nothing could induce him to leave there thaf ?m -u»iviwiuj5 uay no went ; to Mr Wm. Home, a magistrate, and also to the .Rev' T. Reddall, and told all that had occurred In consequence of this statement , Gilbert' an aboriginal, was sent for to seek for any traces that might confirm iC; he searched the creek towards which the spectre had waved its hand and in a short time the blackfellow, after jobbing his spear in aeveral places domv the oreek and smelling it, exclaimed, ?? White man here.' I, with many others, saw the bodv ? exhumed; it was laid afc full length, about two feet below the surface, with the clothes on usually worn, and in a state of perfect nrenfirvat^n except the left aide of the face, which wag decomposed about the temples. The corpse was removed to the township and interred ia the Campbelltown burial- ground, On the fol. '' lowing Sunday the clergyman in his sermoo referred to the mysterious ways of Providence to discover the murder After exhrirairip the body, the field in which the deceased arid Worrell used to perambulate iu the evenings was minutely examined, and on the top rait of a fence was found blood, and human hair cor responding with the hair of the deceased, which had caught in the splinters of the rail, near which it would appear that Fisher had been murdered aud dragged over to the creek, abont 150 yards off where he was found buried. The murderer, Worrell, was prosecuted, and after sentence of death was passed on him he con* fessed to the crime, and suffered the highest penalty of the law. It was certainly the state ment of Mr. Farley thab first; led to the arrest of Worrell. VERITAS, 