GHOSTS AND HYDATIDS. TYith reference to the alleged spiritual istic cure for liy'datids mentioned in a former issue, the Hamilton Spectator has received tho following highly amusing note from MrKitz: — "Dear Sir, — I had no peace since you put the article about Spiritism in your paper. Iho first place I was pounced upon was in Geelong, where a man of my acquaintance called out in tlio street " Kitz is turpentine going up? The next inquirer was a Presbyterian clergyman, who wanted to know all about it, aud I had to stand talking in the street for half an hour, although I had an ap pointment on hand. Next minute an other button-holed me, and I could not get away. At the terminus, a lot more got hold of me, and when I«£eached Mel bourne, my son was in a state of excite ment, for he said that the office, the shop and the cellars, were besieged with people bringing the papers in their hands to know if your report was the truth — till at last he declared ho would knock the next fellows down that spoke to him about it. Bat still there is no peace. People in Brighton know that my son goes by the eight o'clock train. When I got to my club (the German Yerein). my friends were laughing at me, for the Germans are notorious unbelievers in miracles. I hav8 been in my business to-day, but re solved to mako another trip up the country. It will be a long time before I tell a tale of that sort to an- Editor of a puper again. I don't blame anyone but myself, but for all that, I told yon the exact truth— Yours truly. L. Kitz. — Bourke street, December 14." Spirit ualists tollusthat all ghosts are not reliable and we should therefore like to know whoso particular spirit it was that pre scribed so successfully for our frieud's hydatids, not as a matter of curiosity, but. that we might call in his aid, in case of any evil effects arising from the use of flukey mutton or measley pork. Ed. H. P. Respectable Piety. — According to ihe last census there are exactly one-hun dred aud tw.-nty forms of religious faith in this colony. The population at that time was 731,528, so that every 6,095 people had a distinct form of worship. The tendency has been, during the last four years, to establish more uew sects rather than weld together those which, in their more prominent features, assimilate to each other. There is very little doubt too, tbat materialism has been fostered and encouraged no less by internal strife in the churches, than by the persistent attacks of the press upon tbe pulpit. Dripping water will, in time, reduce tho huge boulder of rock to a tiny pebble, and assailed as tbe church is on all sides, sometimes for its lack of energy, and at other times for a too great abundance of it, it is no wonder that the faith of the people is shaken in the stability of reli gious institutions, and that they fall back upon anything that promises peace to their disturbed convictions. "Unfortu- nately, however, the Christian minister will not go upon a hunting expedition after the unregenorated ; the unregener- erated must come to him, in their best clothes and with coins jingling in their pockets. There is no disguising the fact that this is an age of" respectable piety," and that the Church of the present cen tury is maintained by the splendid munifi cence of wealthy sinners, rather than supported by the simple faith of a whole people, and guarded by the intellectual giants of the age. j 