INTERCOLONIAL NEWS in BRIEF (From tJir. Courier ) A youn =; solicitor, named Leary, died in Auckland a lew days a_:o, and a settler has declared on oath that at the time Leary died in Auckland he saw him, as p'aiuly as in the flesh, sitting in his house at Hamilton: The set ler, too. declares he is not a believer in ghosts. At the annuil horse show, Melbourne, the highest price realised at the sale was 980 guineas, paid by Mr. G. Roskmdge, of New Z alan for Black Champion. The Tasmanian Gove nment propose a tax of Is in the £ on the value of pro perty. At Auckland ( N. Z. ), a man has been fined £5 for adulterating milk with water to the extent of 40 per cent. The Bendigo Advertiser says tiie suici dal mania is alarmingly on tli.; increase in that district. Another case occurred last week, a man named William Ball, a carpenter, aged GO, having cat his throat. The suicide had been a staunch teetotaller for several years. Last week 102,000 fat sheep, crossed from Moama (Riverina) into Victoria. At Auckland (N.Z.), Vans, a publi can, has been fined £24 and costs for a breach of the Licensing Act, for Sunday liquor-selling. The proposed new Scab Act in Tas mania. which is excessively stringent in all its clans s, has created great indigna tion amongst the pastoralists there, and meetings are be:ng held to protest against its introduction. The bark of the melaleuca, or tea-tree, apparently answers all the purposes of ordinary writin --paper. On specimens forwarded by Mr. 1 !og.?, of Lake Hind marsh, Victoria, to several newspaper offices, inscribed with a few 1 nes, the writinr is quite le ible, and perfectly free from bl't or slur. Messrs. Brogden and Sons have made the offer to build a railway from the Thames (N.Z.) to the Waikato. The terms are that the Government pay the firm in 200,000 acres of land. Respecting the value of the New Zea land timber trade, the Auckland corre spondent of the Otayo Guardian writes as follows : — ' From a return recently prepared for the Government, I find that we have fourteen saw-mills in full work ing order, in what is known as the Thames District alone, the total cost of which, with th ir plauts, has been re turned at £106,855 ; while, the rresent value of the mills, plants, standing forests, and timber in stock is estimated at £209,732, of which the logs iu stock in the bush or at the mills is calculated at £64,982. The number of men em ployed in the mills and forests is 678. There are continuously employed in tbe timber trade 27 vessels, manned by 82 men ; these are, of course, irrespective of the large number of chartered vessels employed for special freights. The total average amount of timber cut annually is 27,500,000 feet, the value of which is estimated at £120,750. Ihe 8. M. Herald of the 3rd instant remarks : — Mr. E. S. Hill, J.P., has been requested to procure choice samples of the different kinds of maize in cult - vation in this colony, for the purpose of exhibition at Philadelphia. To send maize to Philadelphia may appear very like sending coals to Newcastle ; but any exhibition of the products of New South Wales would be incomplete without a good collection of ' corn.' The annual produce of the crop exceeds 4,000,000 bushels, and the value of the surplus for exportation exceeds £200,000. Out of a male population of 430,000 in Victoria, 142,305 having their names on the electoral roll, only 30, '08 persons thought fit to vote at the last general election. A man named Sawyer, an employe in the Bank of Victoria, . has been arrested on a charge of being concerned in the recent hank -note robbery in Melbourne. Richard W hycross Saivers, receiving teller in the bank, has been arrested for embezzling £1400. He has partially admitted his guilt, and this, it is thought, may probably lead to the recovery of the missing or stolen notes. A very curious volume on Freemasonry and Egyptology h-.s been beautifully written and illuminated ty Mr. Alex. Euston, an inmate of the Yarra Bend Lunatic Asylum, Victoria. It is pro pused t - dispose of the M.S. by Art-un ion. The heaviest fall of rain since 1851 occurred in Ad-laide the latter part of last month. A corresoondent of the Melbourne Argus conjectures that ' diphtheria pro ceeds from the use of kerosine oil in badly-trimmed, badly-cleaned lam us, used in close, ill- ventilated rooms, the poison- us fumes from the smoking lamps injuriously affecting the delicate, sensi tive, predispos'd organs of some children, while adults, from their stronger fibre, and greater freedom of volition, are almost strangers to the attack.1' There is at present iu tuc: ljeechworth gaol a young girl fifteen years of age, named Sarah Crayker, who (sa s the Ovens and Murray Advertiser) was a short time since committed by the Omeo Bench on a charge of burglary, 'ihe girl is an orphan, and was employed by a woman at Omeo to chop wood and draw water, and in scrubbing the floor - f the house. She had a hard lif ', and was not well treated. One day she went into the house of a nan named Gele and took a piece of bread and a handful of currants, which she ate in the house, and for this dire offence was c mmittcd for trial f r burglary. It does seem monstrous thus to tuin a young girl, who hitherto has borne an excellent character, on such a flimsy pretext This is the story as told us, and if it he true, we think the police at Omeo must baveve^y little to do, and are fond of exceeding their duty. How the infants are killed came out (says the Dayleaford Mercury) at an in quest held o'i Wednesday Early on Monday morning Mrs. de Fidle, the wife of a miner residing in Ivid-I's Gully, was confined of a female child, which th nurse, in her evidence,' said'was'5trong' and healthy. After the nurse left, the infant was intrusted to the care of a 3ronng woman named Annie Doyle, and the latter, in order to stop the chill from crying, crammed the poor little thing with butter and sugar. The result was that the infant died a few hours after wards. Dr. Baird who made the post mortem , taid there was not ti c si htest doubt but that the inf lit was killed by the food given to it by the girl, and added that it was a wonder t - him that so many children lived, co isidering the way they were crammed with food which their little stomachs could not digest. He further said that women still persist in this pernicious course, notwithstanding t!iatmed:cal men were con -tantly war. ting them against it. What the Bottle did. — At Mnd^ee. a man uanied-j Micha 1 D.lloii was found dead in the street. llillon was one of those fortunate' in the early days of tlie gold rush to Ans'ra'ia. He was a tailor in Melbourne, and sold out twenty yenr ago fur £20.000. His de »th was caused by exposure an-l iut mperancf. At a recent meeting of the Australian Mut ial Provident Society Mr. Stephens j (solicitor for the society) said tint in no ca e had the boar I required the pro duction of the certifi'.-at* of baptism as a proof of a *e whe*e such, certificate could not be obtained within the colony : and by Mr. Black (ihe socie;y's . ctuary) and the chairman fiat the B' aid of directors acce ted a statutory declfira'iou as a sufficient proof ol age. Such declaration conld be ma^e by the members at any time, a id in fact hundreds of theui hal already been accept d. There lias never b^en a case r-jected for want of evidince in regard to aire. Sunday Readings at the Town Hall. — There is now no doubt that many thousands of Melbourne citizens are glad that the Town Hall has been thrown open on Sunday evenings for the purpose of sacred readings, and to allow the magnificent organ which Melbourne beasts to be heard during the perform ance of sacred music. And it is to be noted by those who t Ice the trouble to observe, that the people who, during the last two Sunday nights have filled the hall are not the idlers of the streets, of whom so many are to be seen on Sunday evenin js, but ci izens of mark, of go d conduct and good repute, an I who, on the occasion we speak of, were accom panied by their wives and daughters to a much larger extent than was the case a week a?o. There was again a great assemblage on Sunday, eveu although the price of admission to the front part of the body of the hall had been in creased. Pastoral prospects appear to be re markably favorable iu New South Wa'es. The Narrabri Herald says : — ' All the older residents of the district a^ree that such a favorable season bas never belore been known, nor have ever 6ucb results been realised, as now may be fairly anti cipated. The lambing is progressing most favorably, and ths increase will be very great. ' The Bombala. Jlei'ald reports : — ' We have every indicated of J a beautiful si ring, and as the 'days are now fast drawing out, we hope in the course of a f w weeks to see a fine show -f spring grass. Lambing on niost otations will conimence during next month with evny prospect of plentr of food and a good percentage of lambs. ' The Albury Banner says : — ' We have satisfactory news with r gard to the pastoral interest. In all parts the grass is shooting ilp with satisfactory rapidity; giving rise to th - hope that before 16ng the dearth of dairy produce may be suc ceeded by a period of plenty. The clip on the whole is like'y to be up to. the average, and pastoral pr -sorcts generally are encouraging. Particularly is this the case with regard to 'the hack blocks; where, o win ? to the recent heavy rains, there is promise of an abundance of feed and water for the season. ' . Utilisation of Blood. —Mr. J. V. Lavers, who has turned his attention to thr utilisation of blood h s shown us a sample of a material which he has pro duced and which he regards as exceed1 ingly valuable for manurial pupposes'. Li appearance it resembles charcoal. , It appears to ' e perfectly desiccated, and it _ contains a large am .nnt of nitrogenous matter. It will b fa. innate if the whole of the blood aud offal at the Glebe Island Abattoir can be treated in this or some similar way so as to create a profit instead of a nuisance: The other day (says the Riponslilre Advocate), while conversing with -a resi dent of the bush not far fr. m Beaufort, - the high price now ruling for stock cropped up, when the countryman re marked that ' he, wonld not trouble him self about beef aud mutton ; kangaroos were numerous in the ran -es, and he in tended to live upon them until such time as the price' of stock had somewhat de preciated.' He stated that he advised his friends to follow his example, aud that th°y intended doing so. According to the Melbourne Tetegrapli . there are nine pianoforte makers in Victoria, employing forty-five hands, and v the aggregate value of the manufacturers* produce last year is returned at frOni £8000 to £9000. Assault ry a Lunatic. — We learn that aniDmate of thd Woo^aroo Lunatic Asylum yesterday made a violent attack on a carpent r engaged at that institu tion. It appears that the inmate in question, who is oidinarily of a quiet and tractable disposition, was assisting the' carpent-r in squaring some legs, wheq; without the s'ight st warning, he struck him a h'- vy bow on the side of the face with n hatchet iniflcting a t. rrible wound extending from the temple t - the lower part of the face. Another inmate, who was close by, ran to the assistance of the j carpenter, when the maniac turned, his attention to him, ai.d inflict ng a gash about six inches in lensth on the back near the shonlder. A third inmate made a show nf interferpnGe, hut was^compelled to retre t, bnng piirs-ied by the madman* but whil - in pursuit of his intended victim, the alarm, was raised, and he Was speedily surrounded by a large number of warders, 'who, at consid.raMe risk, se Superint n lent and his assistant were on the spot im mediately, and dressed the wounds ofthe two victims, who, at the time our informant 1 ft, were progressing as well as conld be expected. — Telegraph. . The O'Connell c ntenary was cele brated at Wellington, the chief city of New Zealand, with great honors. A banq'et took place at which the chairman (Mr. Trave s) was supported on the right by His Excellency the Marquis of Nor manbv, and on the left- by the Minister for Justice, Mr. Bowen, and Captain Chapman, of H. M.S. Dido. Sir George Grey pronounced an eloquent eulogiuni on the life and works of O'Counell: Myall Creek appeairs to . have takeii to deception. The Dalby Herald states that: — 'Since the dry weather lias nrevailed. the surface of the creek has' become so covered with some prolific weed as to give it tbe appearance of -a smooth, grassy or mossy lawn, no water being visible. A lady and gentleman, a few evenings since, whilst enjoying a pleasant walk ' by the sweet silver light of the moon,' deceived by the specious appearance of. the green surface, at tempted to . walk thereon, but speedily found that they- had put their foot (or feet) in. it; and on Thursday, during daylight, a lad had taken his^flrst step in the direciiou of sixteen . feet of water — ? making, as he believed, a short cut — * when be was, fortunately for himself, recalled to a sense of his danger by gomeoue passing. A man, some days ago, unwilling to go round by Drayton street with his dray, was about to go oyer tbe ' crass' as he believed, near. Gayler a Bridge,- when he was warned of his danger io time to prevent a catas trophe.' Mr. John Cameron reports having sold to tbe Mutual Provident for aind on: behalf of Captaiu Francis, that valuable block occupying the corner ofQueen aud Edward Streets, Brisbane, known as Refuge Row, having 86 feet frontage to the former street, a^d two chains six. links to tbe latter, for the sum of £12 000 cash. Garrotting (says the Sydney corres pondent of the Courier) is not a crime that cau be said to be common here,' but its half-brother, robbery mth' violence, is of weekly occurrence. At last Quarter Sessions, a man was' tried for robbing and seriously damaging another in the principal street in the ity at 7 o'clock in the evening, and ca^es uo less daring and daugerolia have frequently taken place. Oh Thursday evening last a Mr. Biddulpb, evidently ' a young man from Llle country,' was ' got over' by two adepts of the gar rot--' ting art. The uufortunate geutieniau took a fancy for a stroll at the lata hour of 12 o'clock at night, iu eome of the most deserted streets, with a very iargo sum of money in notes upou hre person. During this ill-timed promenade ho was' accosted by two men, who immediately proceeded -to damage bim' considerably and decamp' with his Uioney. 