DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. We write these words with intense pleasure. It is not our privilege to look back on having been in any degree instrumental in accom plishing the work these words imply. It was due under God, to the labours of the Archdeacon and two or three others, and to the liberality of our Bishop and one or two more, who volunteered their aid ; but it is a delightful thing to see the efforts of years in such a cause crowned with success. May he who is coming to preside over the newly-formed diocese, come ' in the fulness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ.' We shall notice elsewhere the accounts from Uingianci oi tue joisnop s movemenw. .a. map, wnusu. is uow lying at .? the Registry, has been presented to the new diocese by Mr. Byron \ Moore, in which the dividing line is marked between Ballarat and j Melbourne. We are indebted to Mr. Moore's labours for the accurate | tracing of this line, which goes on the principle that all the dis- \ trict attached to a church goes with that church — that is, if the j church lie to the east of the parallel of longitude, all the district r belonging to it, though to the west of that line, is in Melbourne ; -; but if the church lie west of the line, all the district belonging to it, ' though to the east of the line, is in Ballarat. This, with a deviation \ to bring into Ballarat the country immediately surrounding that ;- town, will explain the irregularities of the line, which otherwise - appear unaccountable. By the new arrangement Maryborough, ; Dunolly, and Sb. Arnaud, Tarnagulla, Avoca, Carisbrook, Talbot, ?? Ballan, and Birregurra belong to Ballarat ; and Steiglitz, formerly in \ the Archdeaconry of Ballarat, is added to Geelong. The laws made fj by the joint assembly, which expired on the 30th of April, are bind- \ ing on both dioceses till repealed by their respective assemblies. With *j regard to grants, the assembly made no special provision ; but the | Council has agreed that they shall remain as they are at present till ? -i the end of the year ; and it is in the highest degree improbable that I the future assembly will interfere with this arrangement. ]\ The following extract from the Ballarat Star of May 15th will, ' * we are sure, be read with very sincere pleasure. We have often '\ enjoyed the kindness of our brethren of other denominations, but w| a demonstration like this shows a warmth and liberality of feeling *j we could scarcely have expected. May the great Head of the ! Church draw His servants closer and closer to Himself, and they will ''] thus be drawn closer to one another ; we cannot be far from one ; ] another if we are all near to Him : — ' Proposed Welcome to the & new Protestant Bishop, Dr. Thornton. — A public meeting of members '-\ of the various Protestant churches was held at the Mechanics' In- t$ stitute on Friday evening, for the purpose of making arrangements |i j to give the new Protestant bishop, Dr. Thornton, a hearty welcome r*| on his arrival in Ballarat. There was a large and influential gather- foj ing, the lecture hall being pretty well. filled with an assemblage that M comprised a number of the leading residents of the city. There were M | also some persons from a distance, among whom we noted the Rev. I | S. Walker, Church of England clergyman, Smythesdale. The mayor f \ of the city, Major Smith, M.L.A., occupied the chair. Mr. White- |*; head, who had taken the initiative in convening the meeting, |h explained that he did so simply as a Christian. On the motion of &\ Mr. L. S. Blair, seconded by Mr. Henry Bell, it was resolved to the - V j effect that a reception committee be now appointed to co-operate with r i the Church of England committee in making arrangements to re- ' j ceive his lordship, Dr. Thornton. The committee was formed as fol- } ] lows : — The city mayor, the town mayor, Mr. L. S. Blair, Presbyterian ; I j Mr. Henry Bell, Wesleyan ; Mr. Ingham, Wesleyan ; Mr. Miiller, Pres* y byterian ; Mr. R. Baker, Bible Christian ; Mr. Fincham, Baptist ; ; j Mr. Whitehead, Independent ; Mr. Oddie, Wesleyan ; Mr. Hosking, h Town Mission ; Mr. Spillman, Independent ; Mr, W, Taylor, Primitive |i I Methodist; Mr. Huddart, Wesleyan ; Mr. G.Duncan, Presbyterian; I Mr. James Smith, Presbyterian ; Mr. Picton, Disciple of Christ ; Mr. I Woods, United Methodist ; Mr. Wallis, Baptist ; Mr. 0. Luth, Lutheran ; ' Mr. Claxton, sen., Baptist ; Mr. Figgis, Congregationalist ; I Mr. Troup, Presbyterian; Mr. 0. Edwardes, Welsh; Mr. Thomas, ; Welsh'; Mr. T. Oleok, Presbyterian ; Mr. Joseph Jones, Society of Friends ; Dr. Jenkins, Catholic Apostolic Church ; Mr. Greene, Catholic Apostolic Church ; and Mr. Henry Slater, Society of Friends, with power to add to their number. Mr. Henry Bell suggested that a collection be made to defray the preliminary expenses incurred' by Mr. Whitehead in the matter, and the suggestion was approved and liberally responded to. A warm vote of thanks was passed to Mr. Whitehead for having called the meeting. Mr Richard Baker sug gested that, byway of making the proposed reception more com plimentary and emphatic, a public demonstration be held at the Alfred Hall on the occasion, and let five or six thousand persons assemble to give the bishop a welcome that would long be remem bered with pleasure. Mr. Baker also suggested that the people would like to bring their sons and daughters on the occasion, and spend a pleasant evening, and the surplus proceeds could be given to the charitable institutions. These remarks met with some applause, but the chairman and some others remarked that the matter was now in the hands of the committee. A vote of thanks to the chair closed the proceedings.' There is no unmixed pleasure in this world. The ink is not dry with which we have been describing our various causes for thanksgiving when we have to add to the mysteriously numerous list of deaths of clergymen's wives the name of Mrs. Stair, the excellent wife of the Rev. John Stair, incumbent of St. Arnaud. We have only heard the event by telegram, and can give no particulars. Archdeacon Stretch has, with his usual ready and practical sympathy, gone to St. Arnaud to render all the assistance and consolation in his power. May the God of all consolation comfort the mourners, and make us ready should the stroke of death or bereavement fall on us. No amount of joy concerning the blessedness of those that are gone, can at once heal the wound that bereavement inflicts. The face changed like an angel's, heaven opened, and the parting cry to the manifested Saviour, must, have filled with joy the heart of every believer that witnessed it; but when the light of heaven had faded, when the eyes that had looked into glory were closed, and the voice of triumphant hope was stilled, the devout men that carried to the grave the mangled remains of the first martyr, ' made great lamentation over him.' The following is from the St. Arnaud Mercury ':-—'?' It is with feelings of deep regret that we announce the death of Mrs. Stair (the! wife of the Eev. J. B. Stair, incumbent of Christ Church, St. Arnaud), , after a short but painful illness, on the 26th instant. The deceased lady (who was 61 years of age) had endeared herself to all who knew her by her gentle and unassuming manners, and her many acts of charity. Her end was peaceful and happy. Consciousness was re tained to the last ; and with affectionate messages for her two sons in Queensland, and loving words of advice and consolation to those around her, she fell (to use her own exoression) into ' a long, long sleep.' The funeral took place on Friday, the service being read by the Ven. Archdeacon Stretch. The first portion of the ceremony was performed in the church, which was crowded. The body was then conveyed to the cemetery, where the service was concluded. In addi tion to two wreaths, of beautiful flowers, woven by loving bands, which lay upon the coffin, a number of bouquets were cast into the grave. The scene was very solemn and affecting, and the - unbidden tear', glistened in many an eye. There was a very large attendance of all denominations, showing how great was the estimation in which the deceased lady was held. Mrs. Stair was last week elected Pre sident of the newly-formed Ladies' Benevolent Society, of which she would have been ; (had she liyed) an active and valuable member. She leaves behind her, besides her husband, two sons (in Queens land) and a daughter, to mourn her loss.' ? Blackwood.— Baptism of Chinese.— On Easter Sunday an inter esting service took place in the Church of England, Blackwood, viz., the. baptism of two Chinese— Ah Kie, to whom the name of Joseph was. given, and Ah Bony, who was called James. The church was crowded to excess, many being unable to secure scats, and the interest in the services seemed to be evinced- in the patient attention, the devout responses, and apparent good feeling, and the desire that these men— the first fruits of the mission— may lead the rest of their lry.es according to this beginning. Two trustworthy friends of the church acted as sponsors, or witnesses, and Ah Heim, the intelligent interpreter, repeated the solemn address to the candidates, and the question^ as to their faith, in Chinese, and replies were given assent ing, to, the doctrines, of the religion they were about to embrace. The ordinance, was then solemnly administered by the Rev. Frederick , Smith,; the .congregation adding three hearty Amens to the service. ine itey. Mr. Smith preached from Peter's sermon on the day of Pentecost,, Acts ii. 38, 39, showing— I. The duty stated of those whowere impressed by the. Word, 'Repent and be baptised,' &c.; II. Ihe, promised gift that was to follow,, 'Receive the Holy Ghost.', ill. Warrant upon which, Christ acts, in striving to evangelise the rebellious,' For the promise is to you,' &c;, laying especial stress upon the. words,,' And to all that are afar off,' &c;, that the bread and,w_ater of _hfewere. for ourselyes,. our children, and equally for all nations. He, defended the mission work from the scoffer who would deny the adaptation, and refuse to giye the gospel to heathen' S B , -SpCienOf the b™ndies ?-* the Chinese Mission opened with success m Melbourne, Sandhurst, Castlemaine, St. Arnaud, as . well as on Blackwood ; showing how the diffusion of Christianity' f,?TJAP-eOp-e a1t1TE Vefy ^OOrS' witt their Pointing, superstitious Si ? P- w:oullbe ^tended with the happiest results in teaching them to. respect the rights of society, and practise love to God and man; blessings of. home; honesty and sobriety; and that it was to our peril, having received the glad tidings to withhold it from them, since Christ had said, 'Go ye into all the world and preach, &c.; Peter Backsoo, the catechist appointed by the epciety^and&bputadozen; Chinamen, some of them candidates for baptism, were present, and appeared to take great interest in the I whole of the proceedings. It is earnestly hoped that the time may I come when these men, kept by the grace of God, and taught by His 1 Spirit, may become missionaries to their own countrymen, teaching I them to embrace a true faith, and purer hope. The church was. I tastefully and appropriately decorated for Easter, the text ' Christ I is Risen,' surmounted by the monogram ' I.H.S.,' and ' Halleluia' B over the communion-table, together with the flowers and ever- I greens suitable. for the occasion, having a very pleasing effect. I Since the removal of the Rev. S. B. Scott from Alexandra to Sun bury, the following address, beautifully engrossed and illuminated, has been forwarded to the rev. gentleman by the guardians of St. John's Church, Alexandra : — 'To the Rev. Samuel Baird Scott. — Rev. and Dear Sir, We cannot allow you to leave this, your first parochial charge, without an expression of our deep sense of the privi lege we have enjoyed by your, spiritual pastorship of this parish, during the past two years. Your sound evangelical teaching, and the earnest and unflinching zeal with which you have ever rebuked us, and sought to stem the current of sin in our midst, have entitled you to our admiration and gratitude, though for a season, the Lord may see fit to give us the 'bread of adversity, by removing our teacher.' We ask you to unite your prayers with ours, that our ears | may hear a word behind us saying, ' This is the way, walk ye in it.' The choir and Sunday-school will equally miss Mrs. Scott's presence. That your sphere of labour in the Master's vineyard may be extended, and at the last blessed with an ample harvest, is the sincere desire of, rev. and dear sir, yours faithfully and affectionately, J. P. Bainbridge, J.P.; Donald M'Kenzie, Henry S. Long, Thomas Hale, J.P.; John Rutherford, Henry W. Alston, Guardians ; Crawford A. D. Pasco, R.N., P.M., Chairman." 