-$» A copy of the Great Paintingby Mr. E. m. ward:,- r;a., "Luther's first STUDY ,0F ' THE BIBLE," is issued o GRATUITOUSLY. ; with Part . I. , of. The History of Protestantism. As we have sent to England . for a large supply of this work, in monthly parts, and have arranged that the first shipment will bring those. par ts piiblishied up,W the time of the departure of the mail from London, to be followed by the remainder bln- ough the monthly :mails as they, issue, .we shall be' glad to receive the . names of friends who wish to become subscribers. "We shall charge as nearly, the English price, as possible,; any. extra charge which may be made will be merely to cover the. postage. 'The English price '. is markdd" ' at 7d. , per monthly part ; the cost here will not likely exceed fld. At any rate, fclie' extra will be merely what the postage will be. Our, object is jnot the . price, but the diffu sion of Protestant knowledge. We strongly recommend that every Orangeman, every Protestant, and every candid man in the community should become a subscriber. It will be found to be a very cheap, instruct ive, and useful book at the present time. We recommend that those who intend to subscribe should forward their names without delay, as the first come will be the first served, and the ea/rlier numbers may be difficult to get. Freeman has commenced bidding hard for the new Ministry's favour. '. He, is a, "diligent worshipper of the "rising sun." 'The old he has discovered to have been utterly bad : — Parkes to have been the worst of men, Lloyd to have been utterly unprincipled, and unsafe in the handling -of' public money, Farnell to have' bpen weak and willing as a tool, Sutherland to have been fearfully stupid in the direction of works, and Sir George to have been in competent even to have looked forward to a judgeship ! All this is quite character istic of the Organ of the Papists. Not very long ago the song was -very different. When that bright luminary, Mr. Butler, was in the Ministry, and sharing in the spoil, and giving the world the benefit of his " lucid " deliverances on legal lore, Parkes was the ablest man in all Australia. Freeman, in admiration, was ready to kiss his toe. Because he loved Butler, Freeman was devoted in loving him. The Parkes' Ministry was then the ablest that ever blessed the colony of New South Wales. Hopes were being indulged that their strong good sense would lead them all to the bosom of the church, and get washed from their sins in holy water. It was said that the holy water of St. Mary's would be far more powerful in removing the stains of failures in business, tricks in cheques, and tricks in buying and selling flour, than all the whitening to be got in King-sti'eet. And it was said that Free man and Vaughan had given orders to Moore and Hollingdale and Curtis and Freeliill to prepare a special ceremony, with a hundred Te Deums in it, to cele brate the eanonization of the Parkes' Ministry ! But lo ! in an evil hour, the Kiama Ghost returned and worked a world of mischief. All the favour and gratitude of Freeman was in view of the expected glory of the great man Butler being advanced to the Chief Justiceship. When this little plot was spoiled by the rashness and1 blabbing of the Secretary Parkes, immediately '-Freeman found out that the innocent baby, Butler, had been in the hand of rogues, and that as Butler withdrew the glory departed, and the Ministry was left in hopeless corruption! Well, as the curse of the church fell upon it instead of the blessing, and therefore it is now gone, Freeman has set himself to flatter the Robertson regime. He begins by telling us that Robertson and Forster are "political veterans" fit to lead any thing ! He tells us that Docker and Dalley are " dexterous debaters." He tells us that Garrett and Lackey have vast " political knowledge and experience." And then he adds that although Lucas and Burns are weak, yet there is nothing in them with which to find faiilt ! Here then is Freeman! s infallible certificate. Heigh! We hope the heads of these veterans and dexterous debaters , will, not be turned by such early .honor and flattery. They have need . to beware, . for Freeman has let out the, secret of :his praise.' lie finds that there is a " Catholic" in the team. Freeman .thinks that this particle of holy leaVen will leaven the whole lump. But. so thought i he of, the Parkes' Ministry which1 contained the " particle" Mx. Butler. But what is Freeman's supposed security may pi'bve, the Ministry's danger. : Dalley. may be ..the dead .fly :in the ointment. ; The Ministry has,; but to look at the slain all around it— Parkes, Lloyd, &c.;', &c.;, slain .by the curse of tlie. church, to take. heed 'to. its ways. Let the shadow of " Catholic Butler " ever be present to it to show :it the end of all humanity and vanity if the Catholic clainis he not acknowledged and satisfied,! Robertson and Forster already know that the praise and blame of JVee- 'man are according to the 'price. The price is now being arranged. We shall watch the bargain. All , pf a sudden Mr. Dalley has come to the front. Long he has practically been in " retreat." His seat in the Upper House he resigned as evidently he wished to escape the complications which were being threatened. His retirement has .been " otium cum dignitate," and literary studies have been his pastime. But now again he has come to the front, and he will now enter the courts of King-street and Darlinghurst as the Attorney- General. In point of ability and fairness the country will undoubtedly admit that he is at least equal to Butler, if not superior. But his sudden appearance has been taken ad vantage of by Freeman to publish and repeat the statement that Mr. Dalley is a "Catholic." There is a purpose in this. We can conceive of at least two reasons for it, either of which is worthy of the Jesuit breeding of the Fenians and the M'GirrS' who edit its pages. One is the hope of advantage, as you see that the boy who has got some apples has number less friends coming up to him. and saying, " You remember me, don't you ; you ' re member the time when I used to play with you, and when I used to speak to your .fiftieth cousin ; give me an apple." Mr. Dalley is thus asked to remember when Freeman and he used to play marbles at St. Mary's just before confession; and then to remember what is due from an old friend to a croney ! Of course he will claim kin. Of course he will acknowledge that he is a " Catholic;" Of course, he will be a good boy now, and go to St. John's or St. James's no more. Of course he will now understand that the priests of St. Mary's are now quite reconciled to him, and are ready to receive him as a wandering child ! Of course the sin of getting married to a Protestant, in a Pro testant church, and of getting his child baptised by a heretic minister, will now be condoned and washed away by a fresh supply of holy water and spittle ! All this Freeman means by his remarkable repetitions — Dalley is a Catholic — Mr. Dalley is a Catholic — W. B. Dalley, Esq. is a Catholic ! But there is a second possible reason for these wonderful repe titions. Mr. Wearne is a " furious bigot," and the best way to excite his bigotry is to keep him in mind of this, that Mr. Dalley is a " Catholic." Then there are other bigots in town — keep this fact before them that Mr. Dalley is a Catholic, and this will probably so exasperate and gall them that by their enmity and attacks, they will help to drive Mr. Dalley back from his wandering into the bosom of the church ! We understand all these tricks of the Jesuits. . We can see a light through a millstone as well as Freeman. But we have a notion that Mr. Dalley will not be caught by such chaff as this. No doubt he had the misfortune to be born a "Catho lic ;" but we think he has seen a thing or two to tell him that when the word " Catholic " comes to mean an "Ultramon tane slave" — "a Papist first and an Englishman afterwards," > no honest man, and no loyal man can be a " Catholic." We fancy that he has seen that as a " Catholic " means base subserviency to St. Mary's, and the mean prostitution of all manly attributes to the "clergy" of the Cathedral, he prefers at least to be " lin- attached," if not a pronounced protester against all unjust and unreasonable eccle siastical claims. At any rate, we give him the benefit of the doubt. We allow every man the most perfect liberty in the matter of worship arid religion ; but we openly deny that an Ultramontane has any claim to be reckoned a British subject, or a citizen of a free country. We boldly assert, what now. Air. Gladstone has asserted, that Ultramontane Romanists cannot be loyal. We boldly assert the logical consequence, from which Gladstone inconsistently recoils, that such Ultramon tane and disloyal persons ought not to hold office or power inthe Government of our . country. Their principles are destruct ive?. to freedom, and incapable of being defined or controlled. They may be very inconsistent- (and happily inconsistent) in the , holding of those principles ; but so long as .they hold them, and , do not dis avow them explicitly, they ought not to be trusted in any position in the Govern ment of a free country.'.' We have declared this and avowed, it with reference to Mr.; Butler a hundred times ; we will declare it also with reference to Mr. Dalley should he, ever be so far misled as to avow, him-i self . a disciple of the Ultramontane I school; We hope better things of him ; we cannot believe that he will take the side of Dr. Capel, Dr. Manning, the Tablet, Fremutn, and others- — that the Cbuich is above the State,: and that the Pope is the .infallible representative of Christ to rule both the Church and the world. Men who hold such views, and act upon . such; views, are traitors to the Queen, . and ought :to :be shipped in rum casks and gin cases to the Holy Father, " to be 'inhabitants and prisoners in the Vatican." . . ... ., . ,. Dr. Vaughan is on another begging and confirming tour. , .He .has , done , so well on his past " Royal progresses:" that he intends to keep them up; at least until he has gone over all the land. But purses and addresses cannot be repeated,. O'Connell used to be known as.., the- " big beggar " because he went through Ireland gathering up the " rentes," by which the great agitator kept up tlie enthusiasm , of the people. Dr. Vaughan has become the Australian 0' Connell, so far as getting the "purses" are concerned, and in the work of keeping up the sectarian '^excite ment— "Ireland for ever ;" " the true church is the Romish Church ;" " and the faithful Christians must have nothing to do with heretics in pending their . children to godless schools." This is the burden of the Archbishop's song, and then he gets purses for singing it ; and he gives the grace of confirmation and the holy wafers and oil as a sort of addition to the bargain. We have been in high expectation to find in Freeman (which has been enlarged to give perfect information on all subjects) a full report of the "utterances," preaching and addresses, of the learned Rector of St. John's; but we have been doomed to dis appointment. Fnvmm tells us that the Archbishop has opened a chapel here, preached eloquent sermons there, ana given the grace of confirmation, with, splendid addresses, in the next place ; but "never a word of what has hem said ' Ss given. This is strange. As Freeman has , now plenty of room and a most flourishing staff of "our own correspondents" — and as the Archbishop is the oracle of the true church in Australia — how is it that the precious words which he utters every where are not put into print? What reading could be more instructive — what more divine — than the eloquent communications of the great centre of Apostolical succes- ion ? Yet Freeman is filled weekly with rubbish j while the priceless wisdom of tlie Jupiter Tbnans of St. Mary's is being passed by like, dirt in the streets ! What is the meaning of this ? Ah? — it is very humiliating to acknowledge it: but it is this ;— " that horrid paper the Protestant Standard has set itself 'as a labour of love ' to cut the Archbishop's reasons and teachings to pieces, and to" expose the utter hollo wness and falseness of his assump tions ; and therefore the best way to shield, the holy Doctor is to give the Standard not a word to attack him upon." Exactly. There is wisdom in the plan of silence. But both Protestants and Catholics must see that the plan of silence does not fit in well with the assumption that Dr. Vaughan is the chief channel in Australia of divine enlightenment from heaven. The Romish correspondent at Albury" has given to Freeman, in Sydney an account of the way in which, the . Romish party there dealt with the Rev., Mr. Greenwood, who recently lectured in that town: The account gives, without intend ing it,, a. decisive illustration of Romish Denominational schooling, and of how Romish mobs, led on by tlieir spiritual leaders, would destroy . every vestige of our British liberty, if they, had, only -the power. The facts of ; the case are these Mr. Greenwood, in the exercise of his? .un doubted British right,. went to Albury, to deliyer, a, lecture on . Educational Reform. He hiyed the. room for this purpose and the public were invited to come free to hear the address., ,In. his address, as the Romish correspondent, ;ahd the . .papers admit, Mr. Greenwood avoided with the most scrupulous care every expression which might give offence ; yet it did not matter. The, Romanists: were resolved, to have a . row, and they, laid their plans accordingly.. About , twenty or thirty of them banded, together to put down, the lecturer ; they gave .him interruption , of the most unreasoning and priest-led kincl ; and then, when lie was . done, they wished to pass a vote of censure on the lecturer for his impertinence in .coming to Albury to lecture on any, such .subject. ! Here, then, is a specimen oif, the, liberty of opinion which Romanism would , allow, if. it !.wer.e powerful enough to have its own way. Mr. ' Greenwood hire's a room, and invites the public free of charge to come to hear a -lecture on Educational Reform; where upon the Romish mob attempt to pass a vote of censure on the lecturer for his. im pertinence in coming to Albury to lecture at all ! Could anything be more monstrous, evenjon the showing of the Popish corres pondent of AVeemcm ! Yet the correspond ent,, justifies it, and Freeman chuckles over : it . as a wonderful . victory over? the Rev. Mr.- Greenwood ! Why are the Romish mob' so blinded and ignorant as to act.in this ,Aay I Just, because they receive a; priestly ? denominational educa tion. . If they : had a particle of sense, or of manly feeling, they would have shrunk from , the brutality and cowardliness, lof their proceeding. Is Mr. Greenwood not to have liberty to speak his mind in Albury ? In his own hired room is he not .to be protected from insult ? Is the question which he was lecturing upon nqt worthy of calm and intelligent discussion-? If Romanists have contra views to' those of Mr. Greenwood cannot they be sub mitted without riot ? No, say Freeman and his correspondent in Albury, "it is a serious thing to lose privileges " (of de nominational schools), "and therefore it was right to gag Mr. Greenwood, and to drive him out of Albury with a vote of censure for his impertinence in eoming to lecture in Albury at all !" It is worthy of remark that the leader of the Popish mob, whose proceedings, riotous and dis graceful, Freeman approves as worthy 'of enlightened Albury, was drunk, or in that delightful state which is meant , by ,ttie - term "intoxicated." Next, it is worthy of remark that the said leader of the 'mob, "jumped upon the platform, and in a most excited manner shouted out that the Rev, Mr. Greenwood was the impostor that had ever come before the public in Albury." Such is Popery. Such is tho education of the Popish schools for wkicl. fclie public are asked to pay. The Papist correspondent in Albury writes all this, and Freeman in Sydney prints all this, without shame, as a piece of very precious information for the "Catholics of the colony." Surely it is the best evidence that Popery in the schools ought immedi ately to end. We are glad that the good sense of the , colony is pouring condemnation on the motion of Mr. Wearne and Mr. Lloyd in their attempt to degrade the House by condemning the new Ministry unheard. The electors in the constituencies of the new Ministers have no sympathy with the ex-Treasurer and his friend. Mr. Robert son, Mr. Garrett, Mi. Lucas, and Mr. Burns have been returned without oppo sition ; and we have no doubt the others of the new Team will get back with the same ease. This is only fair, and is the natural issue from the recent general elec tion. The speech of Mr. Robertson on the hustings was excellent, and seems to intimate work and wise legislation. The .outline of his policy will satisfy us as far \- as an outline can do ; but we shall wait for the filling up. There is no doubt that "the late strong Government did very little to prove its strength ; and the accumula tion of business must be something appall ing to contemplate. But Mr. Robertson is not appalled. He has set himself down, and promises to refrain from airing him self through the country with a reporter for the purpose of display in fine speeches and mountains of moonshine. We hope he will succeed in accomplishing the many excellent things to which he has alluded — all of which aie decidedly pressing. The notorious W. H. Cooper, having been disappointed in his exclusion from Parliament, where Hansard motions, . Museum investigations, and bullet-mould speeches cannot be made, has betaken him self to the study of history. The time hangs heavily on his hands. Making "bullet-moulds and coopering harness casks are well enough for a portion of the day, "in view of his early "going to the country" to do business in "his line but his mind wants the excitement of intellectual study ; and so, having " read up precedents " in history about the time of Charles and James, he has come forth with a pamphlet to prove that the House and the country have been totally wrong in the recent dis cussions and elections. Of course they have. It was a great mistake for Parkes to dissolve the House, for shis shut out Mr. Cooper. The country made a great mistake in the choice of members which it made ; for it rejected Mr. Cooper in the most emphatic manner. This is the total grievance of Mi. Cooper's pamphlet ; and when this grain of plain meaning is taken out of it, the rest may be consigned to the waste basket — as pure rubbish. The Irish Paters. — There are a few choice items from Ireland which deserve to be noticed. One is that O'Keeffe, the persecuted priest, has not yet found justice against his clerical oppres sors. The Chief Justice seems to have a clear appreciation of English law, as excluding re scripts or decrees from Popes or Cardinals, while some of the other judges seem willing to allow some 'force to such documents. The case of O'Keeffe illustrates that to be a "good son of the Church, " implies the sacrifice of every manly feeling and every British right, if the Church should demand it. — Another item is, that Mr. Lewis, the Irish member for Carlow, addressing bis constituents, takes great credit to himself . for denouncing Mr. Gladstone for publishing his famous pamphlet on the Vatican decrees. Mr. Lewis's reply to the arguments of the ex- Premier amounts to this : — "I am insulted by Mr. Glad stone in my country as an Irishman ; I am in- -sulted in my religion as a Catholic and a believer in the Pope; I am insulted in my political bonesty as a member of Parliament who prefers the Pope to any King or Queen ; and I am in sulted in my loyalty as a faithful subject of her Majesty in holding the principle, first a Catholic and next a citizen !" Then Mr. Lewis goes on to say, in awful " scorn," that he has a " con- tempt for Mr. Gladstone." If anybody can per ceive in all this froth and fury a reply to Mr. Gladstone, he is able to see truth in brazen falsehood. — A third item is, that the famous friar, Burke, has been preaching in Ireland on the "Immaculate Conception." He uttered the following astounding falsehoods in "praise of the virtues of the Virgin Mother." First, that she had a " share allotted to her in the work of redemption ; second, that her purity, and humi lity, and obedience obtained for her so eminent a degree of the Almighty's favour ; thirdly, that she has ever exercised a powerful influence by ber. intercession with her son; and, fourthly, that the Church had always taught, and the faithful children of the Church had always be lieved, the "Immaculate Conception." The man who can utter such bold falsehoods as these, and call their advocacy preaching the Gospel, must surely mistake paganism, for Christianity. It is Popery, however. . . Scarcity of Priests in Home. — Everybody will be glad to know that, with straightened -" funds, the. Church is beginning to feel more w.. straightened in agents in the Eternal City. Of ' course Popish papers attribute this ' ' falling off" 4othe persecution of the Church by the State. They lament that even the dress of a cleric ex cites opposition instead of respect ; but they do jpqb see that this is no compliment to the Church which boasts of having all the "martyrs !" The persecution in Borne, let it be all that Papal criers and traducers of the Government make out, is nothing like the persecutions of which we read in the olden times, and of which Popish legends tell such wondrous things. But now, poor young men, notwithstanding the sacraments with which they are strengthened, and the holy oil with which they are blessed, and the infal lible father who is Christ's Vicar to defend them, the young candidates for the priesthood fleefrointhe aivfulpersecation which never kindles a fire, never builds a stake, never opens a dungeon, and never touches a hair on their half-shaven heads ; they prefer to wheel barrows or to turn banditti to serving at the altar ! Alas, for the martyrs ! Alas, for the persecutions of the year 1875 ! Died a Convert. — The little Australian Popish organ, the Irish Harp, tells us the fol lowing sublime story of a convert, at which we are expected to fall into the rapture of "going and doing likewise. " It says that its late editor, a Mr. Grundy (most classical name for great deeds!) although brought up in the Anglican communion, always held that the "Catholic Church is the true Church, and that to resist its claims is about equivalent to a rejection of Di vine Revelation !" It says also that during the years of his editorship of a Popish paper he was still an Anglican, but "yearning after the ancient faith of Christendom !" And then it concludes with the statement that he was "re ceived into the Romish Church the day before his death ;" but unfortunately it adds that he died at the advanced age of eighty years ! Ah, it is a wonderful conversion ! The poor old ' ' Grundy" must have been in his dotage. But, worse than this. After a life of false professions, he gets alarmed ; the small remnant of conscience in the old Grundy troubles his dying bed. He cannot fall back on anything but his " yearnings" for ancient Christianity. He feels that although he said that the "resistance of the claims of the Romish Church" was equivalent to a rejection of Divine Revelation, yet for eighty years he had refused to acknowledge them ! The leap at last was a desperate leap — Popery or nothing ! Grundy is a worthy convert ! Poor Rev. Mr. Keaimis ! — This reverend champion of denominational schools and poetical slayer of the League has been very unfortunate with his famous lecture. He has repeated it thrice, without the slightest consciousness that he has been injuring his own cause. On the last occasion Jupiter Pluvius did his best to save him, for, having poured out his abundant rain all the night on which Mr. Kemmis was advertised to re-deliver his lecture, the performance had to be postponed twice ! On the third time when Mr. Kemmis proposed to lecture he was desperate ; he would be trifled with by Pluvius no longer ; and so at last he announced in the papers that, " wet or dry, he would positively lecture." Plu vius however would not take such newspaper notice, as the Herald is not circulated on Olym pus, and the gods don't read it ; so it rained. But still the bold Mr. Kemmis lectured, and took up a collection in aid of the gas arrange ments of the lecture-room ! Of course the poeti cal lecture looked very like a hen on a rainy day, but Mr. Kemmis gave his hearers some heartening after giving them his " cauld kail het again," by telling them that he was hot going to repeat his lecture any more, but that he would prepare a far more telling one by and bye, when he could get time ! As Mr. Kemmis has recently shown him self fond of Scotch, he will understand that his bold contest with Pluvius was in imitation of a Scotch wiffiie who was fond of "kail," and she said to her "John" — "John, "said she, "I'll hae kail on Saubboth." Said John to her — "Wumman, say if leeven." "Leeven or no leeven, John, I'll hae kail on Saubboth." Mr. Kemmis rose no higher than the Scotch wife, only that he left the " living" out of the ac count. He was sure to live, therefore he put his resolve to lecture thus : " Wet or dry, posi tively I will lecture." Well, he did lecture, and Pluvius has since been quite ashamed, for he has " dried up," and the lecture convinced every body. Camperdoavn Municipal Election. — A cor respondent writes to complain of the above elec tion being carried by improper influences. He also avers that several Protestants, who promised to vote for Mr. Allen, voted against him in the Papish' interest. We hope his information is in correct, but he is one who is generally well- informed, and certainly would not wilfully mis represent. Protestant bodies , must try . and purge out the old leaven. Extract from a Private Letter from Eng land. — "Thanks for your Protestant Standard. There is deep interest felt here, as in Sydney, on the subject of religion. Mr. Gladstone's pam phlet, of which I will send a copy (D. V.) by next mail, is unmasking the achievements of the insidious Papacy, bent on obtaining the ascen dency by overthrowing Protestant Governments. His opinions are .precisely the same as those of the Standard -, but it will be a satisfaction to you to know that he is opening the eyes of the nation to the importance of this momentous subject. The Romanists detest, him now as they formerly applauded him." A telegram from Rome to the Standard says that the conduct of Archbishop Manning in Eng land is not at all approved at the Vatican ; that he has been unfavourably received, and will not after all get the Cardinal's hat. We think Dr. Manning is aiming at higher game — the Pope dom ! 