AN AMATEUR DRAMATIC C1,UH. TO TUR F.niTOlt OF THE EXAMINE». Sm,-Doc» Unat seem (Hissing strange that willi tue gnoil stngo and allier accommodation (lor a country town) til nt wo porscss In Grafton, the lover« of tho tmblB Tnespian art cunnot form n club for tho purpose nf Improving themselves und umusing the public during tho long winter nights now before us ? Alter dark, under the gas, no kerosene light, our streets look so exceedingly (lurk and dreary, that even our friend Mr. W. Cooper, who linds sermons in stoner, mid all that sort of tblog, would acknowledge himself beaten. True, strolling down the Btrccta o'oights, with that bosom fiiend-a pipe-relieving tho dark- ness, fairy forms clothed in while nrrny flutter be- tween tho tice», and might bo taken for ghosts ; but soft whispers tell thc stranger that it ls only thc old old story repented, as told by Adam to Eve; »hilo tho only sounds that fall upon tho c'irs ure thc tinkle tinkle of planus, or tho bark of tho watchdog, True, the doors ol'the School of Arts stand invitingly open, mid I go In there, but soon get tired of reading, and then my trouble begins, ns, glancing in at tho Inigo hall, which is clothed In darkness like a banquet hull denned, ono thinks how nice it would bo radiant with light, and with happy smiling faces, whoso hearty plnudits show how well they aro gratified. Of course people will say-" Oh, those sort of things never tuko in Grafton, ns they hnvo been tried and foiled,'.' Ho it so, let bygones be bygones, but I do think that if a few persons joined together, nnd set tho ball rolling without fear or favour, it would prove vet y elastic, and would bo tho means of passing away many a dull and weaiy hour fur thoio among!' us who»o time hangs heavy on their hands, and whoso linly resource is loo ofton only thc billiard table. I know from practical experience that thou sort nf things tuko well in other cnuntiy town?, where drumntio clubs hnvo been n groat success, and hnvo been the mentis of putting much money into thc exchequers of tho locnl charities,) besides MÍfnrding n fund of enjoyment to tho townspeople mid .ettleis. True, little disagreements will orino even In ibo best regulated societies, but ns they aro eanlly smoothed down by a little tuet, I du think thnt those peisoiiB inclined might do wurso than follow tho sug- gestion I liuve thrown nut. In conjunction with tho Choral Society, «hat n nico bill of fare wo could proffer to tho public, who I um Büro would kindly give us their patronage, as it is well known thnt even the poorost talent or company thnt visits Grafton nlivnya goes away well rewarded for their trouble. Ti neting that tlieto remarks will be accepted In tho right spirit, as my only wish ls to cronto n Hula fun, amusement, and emulation amongst us, 1 remain, yours, &o;" PROMPTER. Grafton, "tit April. 