MRi BUSKIN OK ? BISHOPS A^D - '??it'- 'CLERGY. ; ?; We- [quote 'the following' characteristic obser vations of Alri Ruskin, from the January num ber of bis 'Epre Clavigeni' :—r , ? ' 'I|was askefi bj'one of my ^Oxford, pupils the other day why I had never said any serious word of what it might seem best for clergymen to db .in! a time of so ? great doubt arid division. I -. 'Ijhavenofl because any man's 'becoming a . clergyman in. [these days mpst' imply' one of two things—either that he has something .to. do and. say foremen which he honestly believes himself impelled to do and 'say by the Holy Gliosf — and in' that case he is likely to see his way [without being shown it— or else he is one of -the group , of so-called Christians who, except with the. outward ear, * have . noti.so. much as ' heard) whet her; there be any HblyGhost,1 and' are practically lying, both to riien j and to God ' — persons to whom, whether they be foolish 8r or wiek-d in their ignorance, ' no honest, way can possibly bej shown. . * 44 The particular [kinds- jof folly also which lead youths to jbcconie clergymen] nncnlled, are especially intractable. ; That a lad 'just- out of.' his teens, and not under the influenc of any .deep religious enthusiasm, should ever contem plate l|be possibility of his being set up in the middle of a mixed company of men:and women of the! world,' to instruct' the aged, encourage, the valiant; support the weak;; reprdv.e' the guilty] and set an example to' all,- and not feel what a ridiculous and blasphemous : business it would* be, if tie only pretended to do it for hife'j and what: a ghastly and 'murderous busi-. ness it. would be if . he did .it. 'strenuously wrong;' and what a marvellous and al^ but in credible tbing the Church and its power must be if it were possible fir- him; with all the good meaning in thej world, to dp it rightly; that any.youth, I say, should ever have 'got himself into ^ the state of : recklessness, ? or. conceit, required to*'becomo; a 'clergyman at all, under these existing circumstances, must 'put him' quite out; of the pale of those whom one appeals to orij any .reasonable* or moral .question, in serious writing. T: went into a. Ritualistic church the othe * day, for instancp.in the West End. | It was built of bad -Gothic, lighted with bad painted glass, 'and had its: litany, 'in toned and its sermon delivered — on tlie subject of wtieat.and chaff— by a young man of, as far as I oauld judge, very ' sincere', religious senti ?ments,|bnt Tery certainly the kind of person, whom one might have brayed in [ a mortar amonglthe -very [best of the wheat with a pestle,, witliout making his; foolishness depart ..from him. Ami, in gpnerel, any ; man's ^becoming a| clergyman id- these days implies that, at best,: his sentiment' has overpowered . llir intellect; and that', whatever tlje feebleness of the latter, the victoiy of his impertinent.- piety; has been probably -owing to its alliance with his conceit-,; and itsjpromise Tip him of the gratification of1 being, regarded las uo: oraclg, without'; the: trouble; of becoming wise, 'or tlm 'grief of being po. . ? '? i ; |; J . | , ' Tlie work of the evangelwts was done before . they ,, could ; be inadq bishops ; that | of . the apostle icaunot be|done oii a bishop's j throne ; ;^here remains' to them, of all. possible. offices of ] organisation, io the Church, only that of .the ? pastor, -j-verily and intensely their own ; |re« ! ceived by them' in defiuitc . charge wh'en they .-received, what they- call the Holy Ghost 4Be to jthe flock [of Christ a sh'cphcrd, not -a wolf; f«:d them, devour thcrii riot.' j! ^ ' . 44 Dors any muni of fill tlie men who' have re ceived this chargejiri England, know wbat i^ it to be a wolf ? — recognise in hinlsH'lf life wolfish ?instinct, and the thifst for the blood of God's flock? [For if he fides not kuow what is . the [nature of a wolf, M-w should hb know what it is to be a shepherd ?, ' - If he. never felt like a wolf himself, does in] know the people who do? He does not expect th?m to lick their lips* and bear their teeth at jhini, I suppose, as : they do in a pantomime? Did be ever in His ; life .see a wolf coming, and! debate with himself whether he should .-fight of fly?— or is not ralher his whole life one headlong hireling's, ^without so much as turning his head to see what- manner of beastb they are that follow ? — nay, are not bis very hireling's) wages paid hini Jar flying instead pf fighting 2 ; 'Dares any onq of (hem answer m»* — bore from my college of tlie Body of Christ I chal lenge tVery mitre oftliciri-; defiriitelj, the Lord of St. Peter's borojighl whoui I note as a pug nacious and Accurately-wprfied.pcrsQo, and hear of as. 'ah outspoken one, abin and randy to answer for Iris fulfilment of tlio cliargato Peter. How many wolves does ho^know; in*. Peler- bordugh —how many sheep f— what buttle has he done— what bites can lie show the scars of? — whose sins [ has he remitted in Peter borough)— whose retr.iqed?— has he not remit ted, likiiliis brother) bishops, all the sins of the rich, and retained all those of the poor? — does he know, in Peterborough, who are fornicators, -who thieves, who iinrs, -who murderers ?. and has hri ever dared) to tell any one of them tp his face) that bo wa's so — If the man had over. a bundredia year? i *! - -.-V ' Hare mercy upon all Turks', 3[ews, Infitluls and Jiehelirs, and ko futcli them home, blessed Lord„ tA .Thy flacjci that they may be vaved among fhe remnant of the ,? true. Israelites.' .Who ore the triie jlirm-lites. tny loril of Peter boroughj whom you can definitely aunounce'for stich, injyour dipbene.' : Or perhaps, 'tlm Bishop of Munchi'tter will - toko up :tlie cbullengu,. Imving, lately Spoli;ovwjsely— in gerieralitcs — conuvrnitig fraufi-' j Who are 'the true Israel itrs, iny lord of Manchester, on your Exchange? Do theyj stretch their cloth, like other people ? — have, they any vpiilerlmn'd dealings vritb the linhlo-to Ibe-dsintiod: - fMlse .IsraeliteN — Roth schilds jund ihe jJike? or oro they duly ?olicitons.about thpse waridrrer*' souls ?— and how offon, on the kvenigo-, do vou M^oohester clergy preach from tlie delicious parable, s*vouriV»it of all ficrlpturo tb;rogucs, at least since the elrvcnthj century, when Irflnd it to Imvo bepn specially headed wcth golrlpn title in my best Greek |M8, -.' of t ie Phdrisoo and and Publican '—and how often on tbo uvorogp, from those objectionable fir» ; and flftoonlli PauiinsP : | ! * 44 For - the last; character { in 6t. Vault enumeration, wliicl^blshops ci n claim, and tlie first wbleh they ore bound t » claim, for l ho perfecting of the saintH, and the work of the. ministry, i* that of (he doctor i r teacher.* »♦ In whfeh/Clmracter, to Wl at work of their own, frank and, faithful can ll ey opnral in the last fifty years of especial duogi r to tho Church from ful*ts teaching f On ibis netlcr, my clmlr ledge will be most fittingly mtidff to my own bishop) of the TJnivcrpitv.of Oxford. 'He inhi bited, on the second Sunday ofiAdrent of last year, another bishop of tho. English Church from preaching at Carfax: .By what ngiit? Which; of the two bishop* am X, their innocent lamb, to listen -to? It is truo that the insalted bishop ) was . only a colonial, one ; — am .1 to understand, therefore,', that the Church sends lier heretical bishops out as apostles, while she keeps Her ^orthodox .'ones' at- home? and tl|ut, accordingly,' a stay-at-home bishop may always silence a returned. apostle ?' And, lonehingtho questions , which are at 'issue,- is therea single statement of the Bisliofi of jTnfaVs; respecting the Bible text which 'the Bishop of Oxford dares to contradict before Professor Max Muller, or any other leading scholar of Europe? Docs .tfic Bishop of Oxford . himself believe evyy statement in the' Bible ? If not which dose he disbelieve ! and' why ?? He suffers the whole collection of books , to bo spoken of — certainly by .many clei gyroeri in his d»ucese — as the Word of God. ..'If. he disbelives any portion of it,, tliat portion ho is bound at once to inhibit them froni so calling, rill enquiry has been maile coricerriing it ; J-ob if he and the other orthodox home-bishops— who,' would very joyfully,' I perceive, burn the Bishop of Natal ati Paul's'and make Lufigate. Hall safer 'for the omnibuses with the cinders of him — if they verily believe .all, or even with' a living faith, any vital part of. the Bible,' how is it that, we, [the incredulous sheep, see no signs following ) them ? that believe ; — that though they can 'communicate the' Holy Spirit, they, cannot exc6mmanicate the unholy- ono, .and apologetically leave the healing of the sick to the physician, the' taking' up of serpents to the 'juggler, and the 'moving; of mountains to. the. railway nalrvy ? ? i4,It was- never meant that anyone should da. such ihings literally] after ;St» Paul's time.' I Then what tcaj meant,' and whet doctors mine ?. *| ? ' : * 1 Challenge enough for this time, it seems to me ; the rather that' j ust as I finish writing it I receive aj challenge myself requiring atten tive answer. Fors- corild not have brought it me at better time. ? The. reader will find it .the first in 'the 44Hotes and Correspondence 'f of jthis yean ;,~and my answer may both meet the doubts of many readers who. would not so frankly hare expressed them, and contaiu 'some definitions of principle which are neces saty for our future work. . Temper,s!n*ce. — Tho Dunedin . 'Evening Star' of;a|recent date says : — V In the course of an eloquent sermon . delivered by: Bishoj) IVIoran, at - St: Joseph's Cafcbolic CKurch last evening— the sub ject being jthe marriage' feast at Cana, his -Lordship administered a severe re buke to those advocates of the temperance movement^ i. wbb, lie £aid; would * debai* their fellow-men from the moderate use of wine arid [other alcoholic liquors. Ho remarked that while no one viewed with greater detestation and horror the crime of drunkenness than himself, ? yet the teaching arid example of Christ were totally opposed ? to the fanatical .efforts of ithase who endeavored to interfere with !. tlie . undoubted right of persons to tlie use, bntjrioOtie abuse, of vinous and spirituous liquors.' . - : - ' There] is 'one recent decision of the Treasury^ Bepar6inent'-in which a shank ful ipublic.. or: the adult portion of it at leascv.will 'readily ! acquiese. »It is, that children's whistles, tin horns, ? &c.;, are not! ' musical instruments.' . * A coloured gentleman went to con sul^ one of the- most hightoned lawyers in Eos ton, ? and after stating his case, said, ' IXow! I knows you's a lawyer, . but.X 'wish - rpit would please, sar, jiss tellmo the triifT'bout dat matter. 