FACETIAE. According to a New York correspondent, an Italian boy 6at in Union Square for two day6, displaying a placard on which was written," This poor woman was left a widow with four small children." In a recently published Gazetteer is the following erratum: "For 'Dutchman' read 'Dr. Adams.'" This is almost equal to the wellknown erratum in a country paper, " For ' Alum Water' read ' Alma Mater.'" A philosopher who had borrowed some money to pay for his night's lodging at a hotel woke up in the night and saw a person climbing through the window. With admirable nonchalance he said to the intruder, "Look here, my friend, you'll get into debt if you rob me ; for you won't find anjthing but unreceipted tailors' bills in my pockets." As part of a telegram from Belfast, the following appeared in a daily newspaper of unlimited circulation:—" To-day a large and influential!}' attended meeting, presided over by the Mayor, was held in this city, when resolutions were passed in support of Professor Smyth's Sunday Closing Bill, and protesting against the rumored exemption of Belfast and other large towns from the operation of the weather.—[Weather fine.]" A good story is told of a slave master in Missouri, in the olden time of negro vassalage, who said to his chattel, " Poinpey, I hear you are a great preacher." " Yes, rnassa, de Lord do help me powerful sometimes." " Well, Pompey, don t you think the negroes steal little things on the plantation?" "I'se mighty 'fraid they does, massa." " Then, Pompey, I want you to preach a sermon to the negroes against stealing." After a brief reflection Pompey explained, "I say, massa, dat would never do, 'cause 'twould trow such a col'ness over de meetin'," The huuny bee iz about 10 times the size of the hous fly—I never meazured them—they won't stand still long enuff, but i think i hav got their diinenshuns about right. If i hav made a blunder in this matter, i am ready to repent and be forgiven for it. They are as bizzy as a type-setter in thoze countrys whare hunny iz skarse, but whare sweet meats are a drug they wont work at all. I dont kno az we kan blame them for this, for if beefsteak lay hot and well buttered bi the roadside all the time, and bivalves were running around on the half shell, peppered and salted, crying " Who will eat me '?" i would like to see the man yu could hire to thrash out rye that was wet in the bundle for 10 shillings a day. Hunny bees are built with a sting, which is quicker than a ghost when a good bizziness chance offers ; but i never knu one to use it just for the deviltry ov the thing. Theze little workers travel about five miles a day during the sweet seazon, and bring their hunny home stuk unto their legs. If thare is a lazy one in the hiv.e he gits lynched at once. Lynch law iz tho hunny bee's justi6s. Man stole this code from the hunny bees, just az he liaz stole pretty mutch everything else he haz got. Killing opli the lazy may look a little tuff, but after all tliare is sumthing like mercy in it, for it iz the only way known az yet to put an end to their torments. Hunny bees have a queen, but never a king; this iz a grate komplimeut to the 6ex, aud iz an argument for " Wimmiu's Rights," which the beleavers in MB doktering are welkuni to use without giving me kredit for it. The hunny bees are the Only nation i kno ov who hav allways had a queen for their ruler, and who hav been more prosperous thanenny people we . kno ov, I luv the hunny bees bekauze they are allwuss bizzy, and hav a stinger allwuss hbt and reddy for the lazy, and for those who' poke tjieir aozo into their 1miuess,- -JoBH BILLINGS. . 