: / Sydney Toro Talk. Mr. Forster, with all his foibles, has been far i long a faithful public servant not to be entitled leaving to a good certificate of character. He is goi for tho first timo amongst strangers, and the least can tako with him is an expression of the utan good wiil of thone for whom and with whom he 1 for so many years worked and wrangled. It ia tn indeed, that a public dinner does not mean mu now,a days beyond the gushing good feelings of OD friends, and, perhaps, a little indigestion the n< morning ; but in Mr. Forstors case there are reasc why it should be something moro than a mi heavy feed of compliments, well washed doi with champagne. With nil his peculiarit of temper and character- to some extent consequence of them-the honorable gentleman 1 always hold a worthy place in the ranks of t foremost, and when tho day of small things for Ni South Wales »hall have passed away, few names w Im held more in honour by the nation of the futo than that of the stern, perhaps crotchetty, but alwa incorruptible politician who, more than mc of our public men, has maintained high and pure t standard of our public life. The banquet to tho honorai gentleman to-night should bo a signal success, if lar talents, devoted to tho public service, are anything bo grateful for, or if in these crooked timoB honesty till the best policy. , Mr. Cameron, M.L.A., may or may not sufi through his manlyj sentible speech to the Labouri Men's Association on Thursday last, but if he does, 1 character as a public man will not. As we have hi some little occasion previously to find fault with tl gentleman, wo have tho greater pleasure now in th roughly commending his latest public utte anco. If ho had a little too much say about himself, that characteristic failii was redeomed by the general tone of th; part of his speech which did deal with the questic at issue, under sufficiently trying circumstances. Fi Mr. Cameron, addressing a body of labouring men c the labour question, occupied a very peculiar positioi To some extent no doubt the labouring men regard tl honourable gentleman more aB their paid delegate, tha aa an Independent representative, and it could not I vory plousa t to be told by one whom they rather e: pected to find an obedient month-piece that in a certai line of conduct they were all wiong. Yet ths was just what Mr. Camoron told them, an there can be no question that he told them righi " li o. sweetened it indeed, by adding that thei .employers were just os wrong as themselves, br thia was probably small comfort, when th gist of tho advice of the chosen advocate < the sons of toil" was, to give in and go to work. B was particularly and deservedly hard upon the gent! man who at a previous meeting so eloquently deolarc his resolve to "burn the last leg of his laßt cha rather than give in," and then, like the hero, wi having lost his legs by a cannon ball, fought on upo his stumps, burn the seat. And indeed, this chaii burning is very suggestive of at least one sare outcom of tho movement. The certain domestic misery tha must ensue from a prolonged struggle, and whioh evei already there can be little doubt ia making itself fell ia many a humble home.. It is always well to see the last of departing friend! under the most favourable circumstances possible. In this case it is the last impression that tells, and what may have been our previous relations, we can al way £ ? think of the dear departed in the tender mood of that final hearty handshaking. So it was delightful to find Mr. Forstor at his publio leave-taking on Friday night in so genial, almost affectionate, a frame of mind. It is not often that wo have been favoured with a view of this Bide of the hon. gentleman's oharaoter. As the poet tells us, " ---, tho meanest creature Roasts two soul-3ldes, ono to face tho world with. One to sliow a woman when bo loves her." Hitherto, of Mr. Forsters "two soul-sides," we .have seen only tho former, but it seems he has loved us all the time, and on Friday night he vouchsafed ns a good glimpse of the latter. Nothing could exceed the geniality of the hon orable gentleman's tone in recognising the general good fooling towards him, and when he wont on to say *hat ho was even sensible of the good opinion of the Press, " whose judgment he did not altogether over look," ono can imagine how very far he mußt have gone in tho unwonted melting mood. Wo wish our amiable friend BON VOYAGK, and a happy return in as excellent a tempor. That choleo " band of brothers," tho Spiritualistic Inqulrors, or whatever they stylo themselves, who own our old amusing friend, Dr, John Bowie Wilson, as chief, would do well to spend a quiet evening with tho Fakir. That most mysteriously clover gentleman, who can do almost anything, may fairly bo supposed to know almost everything, and at àtiy rate there can be no doubt that ho knows all about spiritualism. Part of his really charming en tertainment consists of what (somewhat irreverently from tho spirits' point of viow) hf calls spiritual trioks, with a fhorfc preliminary dissertation on tho new faith," whioh if it does not entirely Balisfy "inquirers," will certainly startlo them. His little lecture is of course not nearly so elaborate as Mr. Tyerman'js long ono on tho samo subject, but then it has the advantage of being a great deal plainer. In fact, though of course wo cannot answer, for the "In quirers," tho biggest donkey in the country after hear ing Dr. Sylvester's lucid explanation of tho "harps in the air," and other phenomena ef the spirit world, could have no difficulty ia thoroughly understanding this "most astounding development, amounting to a now revelation of modern times." It is much more difficult to understand the really beautiful illusions with which the performance concludes, of the marvellous Fountain of Light, really worthy of a spirit world, if according to the new faith spirits seemed to care for anything beyond riding banjos instead of broomsticks in the air, and making themselves generally obnoxious and ridiculous. Cer tainly there has been no such beneficent wonder worker amongst our compelled spirit-visitors yet as this man of many marvels, who laughs at them and charms us with tho beauty of his illusions, as much as ho astonishes us with their novelty. At any rate he is an honest spirit, for he confesses that he ls not one, and furthor, that there is " no sich person." The religious and irreligious gentlemen who aro in the habit of making Sunday afternoon hideons in Hyde Park will take warning, it is to be hoped, by the fate of one of their number who figured in the Police Court the other day, and in future somewhat restrain their polemical ardour. Open-air preaching may he harmless enough, and we have no doubt there are many earnest men engaged in it who conduct their services with something like due reverence, if their congregations don't always BO conduct them selves. But open-air disputation, or rather wrangling, on religious subjects, is quite another matter, especially when in tba caso of a large majority of the disputants, apparently the fittest arena for their discussions would be the bar of a public-house. Freedom of speech is no doubt a great thing, but freedom of blasphemy and blackguardism is scarcely a " liberty of the subject " to bo proud of, and this is about the colour which the free fights on Sunday afternoons over the dry bones of dogma or doctrine are rapidly assuming. If the peace of the Sabbath, the day "f peace, can not be preserved against these pot-house polemioals, except by the presence of a large body of police, and occasional Police Court prosecutions that is surely reason enough in itself for the summary suppression of so dangerous a nuisance. But there is anuther reason. The Park is tho public property, specially set apart for the purpose of recreation, and healthy, harmless pleasure. "Who would like their wives or children to be the unwilling auditors of such eloquence as shooked tho spectators ofsuch a soene as that of Sunday last? And why, on that day of all others when this beautiful people's pleasure-ground should best answer its purpose, should it be allowed to bs converted by a set of noisy, ill conditioned nondescripts, into literally a howling wilderness? IIf the popular series of " Town Talk," which has so long (with reasonable intervals for refreshment) charmed and edified the town, should come to a sudden and summary dose, let the gentle public, if it Cannot but be grieved, be not surprised. We have in curred, it seems, the serious displeasure of the local ' spiritists," and may be in some danger, for aught we know, with the old of their spirit-friends "'tother sido of Jordan," of being: spirited away to that " debateable land," where at least it is not debateable that anything so sensible as .. Town Talk " would have rather a rough time of it. Our suggestion, like many other of our well-meant winks to stone-blind horses, that our spiritual friends might spend an evening to advantage with that honest humbug, the Fakir of Oolu, has not, we are sorry to say, been received in tho same friendly spirit in which it was given. A rather Bavage communication from a '* True Believer, not Inquirer," who, by the way, Bhould certainly attend the next Spelling Bee, assures us that in I making " so purile (sic) a suggestion" we were simply " mocking in an idle spirit at matters too high for us," and that on the excellent authority of Mr. liobert Dale Owen, " the world is now, as it was nineteen centuries ago, on the eve of a new religious era, to be heralded by tho recurrence of similar mysterious occurrences." So far as the spirit possessing us being an ''idle spirit" is concerned, it certainly required no spirit of any kind to tell us that. But, really, this comparison of spiritual phenomena, the blood-writing on the arm of Mr. Foster, the Davenport Brothers' well-known tricks ortho later "manifestations" of Miss Katie King, with the miracles of tho New Testament, is coming it rather strong. Our correspondent tells UB that ho has " more than once seen spirits," whioh we don't doubt in the leaBt. In fact, we believe that he must have " seen spirits" a good many times within at least twelve hours of his curious epistle to us. Cue spirit, he says, manifested its presence by a luminous form, moving about in a sort of circle, and then after malting a slight "guttural sound," probably clearing its throat, succeeded in saying " God bless you." He ia great, too, in instances of a similar character from the published experience of his favourite authority, Mr. Eobert Dale Owen, after whioh one ia less surprised than ever to hoar that that eminent man has lately gone mad. Ono story is that being in company with a lady much esteemed in Boston as a teacher ot singing and dancing, and with several m-diums, Mr. Owen saw a female figuro, draped in white and shining raiment, walk into a room and then walk out again, while tho others present saw nothing j and he adds, apropos of our friend tho Fakir, that "Mr. Owen's faith in the reality of this appearance was not at all shaken by re flecting that a Signor Blitz or "Robert Houdin could with proper appliances, have produced something like what he witnessed." Well, what is one to say to such stories ss these ? That they prove ingenious im positions, or insane delusions, or downright lying, or ' practical joking, or real appearances of some kind. Not having been so fortunate as Mr. Owen and his ardent disciple in ootna! experience we cannot say, bat it 1B quite clear that if mattera go on at thia rate, we may Bbortly expeot to find ghosta as plentiful at the corners of our streets as larrikins, and employed abont as usefully. Tbs only one thing certain ia that the doctrines preached by the spirits seem to be singularly Tagne, and that th* spirits seem to know no more, but rather lesa, about anything than we do ourselves. It is not very, consoling or edifying a belief that after death a commonplace Briton will be a commonplace Briton still, or - that the true solution of the .?* great mystery" ia that the next world is, even in a larger degree than the present one. a world of fools. Believing as wo do that the medium is a more or less clever impostor, .we can easily understand why the spiritual revelations made should be as vulgar and prosaic as the minds of their makers. But on the opposite theory» it is cer tainly surprising that people should como from the dead, and yet should be able to. bring ua.no inspiring news, no hint of An ampler ether, and diviner air in those Fields invosted with purpureal gleams even to preach no new dootrine to doubt-troubled humanity; but at the utmost only to cut capers in the air on musical instruments, or sit in a chair in the costumo of tho period and make faces and talk non sense. In any case, pending the threatened visitation for our Bin of non-belief, we shall continue to hold with the clover gentleman, who "we are sure will be happy to introduce " True Believer " Jto aa many " spirits" as he likes, with the Shakespearian assu rance, " It is an honest ghost-that let me tell you." Lieutenant Sadleir, in a sensible address to the La bouring Men's Union, fears that " manhood is on the decline." That sturdy "ancient mariner," though now upwards of SO, works voluntarily until 12 o'clock at night, and cannot understand the new-fangled notion that strong men must not work more than eight hours a day, for fear of injuring their delicate constitutions. He holds with the well-known poet of labour- ¡ With work to do, and store of health, I The man's unworthy to be free. Who will not give. That be may live, ? His dally toil for daily fee. and verily believes that if the' " labour question " con tinues to progress at the present rate, "the women will have to -turn out, and . the men to nurse the babies at . home." These will probably be thought hard words by the brave fellows who are just now parading our streets in such, numbers, determined to burn their chairs and tables and die rather than give in, but they will be none the worse for pondering them over their pots of beer for all that. If the eyes of these deluded .men can be opened and themselves freed from the galling tyranny of the Unions, it will not much matter whether it is by soft words or hard: Already there would seem to ba some signs that this unhappy labour dispute is nearing its close. An application on Tuesday from the Union fora conference with the merchants " with reference to the present dispute between employer and employe*," was, rightly or wrongly, refused, on the ground that the employers did not recognise the existenoe of any ?uch dispute-meaning, of course, that the said em ployers could do very well without them. The strike waa entirely their own affair, the only difficulty being " on the part of the Labouring Men's Union, whose members have bound themselves by mles whioh pre vent them working with other industrious working men." This language -can only mean, so far as the employers are concerned, the fight will be fought out to the bitter end, on strict "no j surrender" principle, and no one can blame them. But with all hope of compromise barred, the gradual but / sure exhaustion of the resources of the men, and more than all, perhaps, the entire want of any support or sympathy from public opinion,-oan there be any doubt as to what the end will be? The men are already virtually defeated! and the sole remaining obstacle to their resumption of work oan only be their natural unwillingness to confess their discomfiture. In such a case, any further standing out can only be regarded as the melancholy prolongation of a useless struggle. They will have to return to work, at length, on the terms offered by the employers, and which other more sensible men are now gladly accepting. They may aa well do it at once as after, and end their week or month's needless privation and suffering. In the absolute dearth of news of the faintest public interest (vide the morning paper), it is something to hear that there ls to be a pionic on the 29th instant to the Mayor, and that Parliament will positively meet for the despatch of business on the 16th of next month. As to the relative importance of the two events opinions will possibly differ. A public picnio to Mr. Mayor Palmer may certainly be held to mean, amongst other good things, the recognition of a tum in the tide of our affairs municipal ; but be would bo avery sanguine individual who Bhould venture to pre diot what the meeting of Parliament may, or may not, mean. One thing, however, wo may express a mild hope that it may not mean, and that is, a repe tition of the scandalous scenes that gave last session BO | scandalous a pre-eminence even in the annals of Mac I qnarie-Btreet. How the Ministers have spent tho i recess we pretty well know. Mr. Robertson haB been I Boeing the world ; Messrs Garrett, Lucas, and Lackey engaged in a jovial round of feabivies; Mr. Bums " pegging away " at his Post- office ; Mr Forster paok ing up ; and the Honorable Mr. Dalley writing legal opinions, and diflouesing law and precedents with Mr. Walter Cooper; There has not been muoh harm done here, if not much good, so the question rather ia what have the Opposition been doing during ! the idle hours for whioh a popular personage is sup posed always to be able to suggest plenty of work. Thqre is a pretty little song in La Perichole of whioh the gentle refrain runs-*' My darling, mi darling! what are you doing now ?" And very often Mr. Garrett may havo hummed it when his imagina tion strayed to the possible whereabouts and ocoupa «on at any particular moment of his friend and mentor, Mr. Parkes. It is to be hoped that honorable gentleman has not been pursuing his new vocation of private Parliamentary detective to any extent likely to be injurious to his health or eyesight ; that there have been no more chance meetings with suspioioiu characters in mutual friends' houses, or brewing of punoh and plots in the dark corners of dismal caf e's Wo would almost rather hear that the honorable gentleman had been engaged during the recess on» new edition of his "Murmurs of the Stream" than la preparing a second serios of his "Garbage from the Gutter." ' On the principle, wo presume, that what is,good for the gander must be good for the goose, there is to be a Young Wbmèri's Christian Association as well as a young men's, and very much, we have no doubt,1 the young women want it. If it is desirable that . y'ousg men should be kept out of mischief from the corruption of evil communications, much more so ia it that young women, cut off possibly from all home associations, and fighting a single-handed battle with a nob over chivalrous world, should have the chanoe ef choosing good company. Now that young women's employ ments are multiplying, and those gentle creatures are descending more and more into the rough arena hitherto monopolised by selfish maa, it ls more than ever necessary that they should bo protected against their natural enemies and them selves-that there should be safe havens provided ia every direction, where the frail craft, when, of er pressed by wind and wave, may seek ref uge and ride secure. Such a haven f or many a weak vessel in dis tress will, no doubt, be found in tho proposed Associa tion, so there should be nothing but praise and active sympathy and support for the reverend gentlemen who last night laid the foundation of what may possibly become so beneficent an institution. At the same time there will certainly be great difficulties ia the way of anything like a large success, and chiefly, we »': imagine, with the , young women themselves. As one reverend gentleman pointed out, perhaps with more good sense than gallantry, the idea is a new ono in Sydney, to whioh the . young women will have to be broken in, and breaking in young women is not a much easier matter than backing for tho first time wild fillies. " It wai hard for you to go to them," said the good gentleman, " and equally hard as a practical business for them to go to you." It is clear that this part of the " praotical business"-the running in, so to speak, of the un broken stock,-will have to be largely left to the rev. gentlemen themselves. Nobody less secure inpro priety's own panolpy of proof, than, say, at least a mild youMg curate.could be entrusted with the delicate duty of hunting up young women and breaking them in to a proper sense of the advantages of a Yoong Women's Christian Association. For these advantages, from the unbroken young women's point of view, may naturally seem small enough., Compared "with cer tain other advantages of her unbroken condition, which it is not necessary to specify, the attractions even of "carpeted rooms and pictured walls, pleasant words atid pissant faces," may fail to charm where the carpets are never taken up for a dance, and the plea sant faces are all as soft and smooth as her own. The main difficulty, no doubt, with the Young Women's Association will be that there will be no yonng men. On this point, probably, the rule will he absolute, yet that there is some hope even here, may 1» gathered from the close of the same rev. gentleman's speech, where he said 4 that af ter all, Christian lore would be an excellent rule in itself, and that the Christian love which was to reach young womanhood in Sydney, must occasionally overleap all rules." Tho Lab miring Men's Union have taken tho first step in the right direction. They have admitted th»' it was "injudicious", on their part to issue their threatening ciroulars, and have publicly wi"1" drawn them. It was something more j than injudicious ; but .that may be let pass, espeoiaU" " they will go on to the next step in the same direotion -disband and go to work. Of course this won't »utt their leaders, the pot-valiant gentlemen who find » more convenient to live upon the baoks of their falloff' workmen than by hard work, and their salarie' geeoure, ;tell their weak victims to be "men an starve. But what have their leaders done lor »hero Driven them to the public-house and the pawn shop, degraded themintheeyes of theirfellow-oitizens.asfooli fallen an easy prey to designing men, or at the very bert betrayed them into a course of conduct whioh the ssia leaders themselves are now compelled to . admit was " injudicious." Submission to the employers' terra» in this case involves no humiliation, but is a simple act of duty whioh these misguided men owe to themselres their wives and families. If they have the courage^t take this step and cast off the ignominious yoke wa their only oppressors, the leaders of the Union, * too long imposed on them, this strike with all »« misery, may yet prove the greatest blessing they ever known. ^ \---^^m^^^S Berkeley, Sept. 186».-Uontlemen, I feel K »fl*iVhMS you to express my gratitude for tho great no"81" T,/} to derived by taking ' Norton's Camomile Pills. I fWXFig, your agent, Mr. Bon, Berkeley, for tho abovonamod rmi.' wind In the stomach, from which I aufforod oxcraolflting pir for a length of time, having tried noarly every "«."¿¿j. scribed, bnt without d ans1 benefit at alL f^wwm two bottles of your valnabl Pills, I was quite t«B'M " X', usual state of health. Ploaso give this pubUoltJ' '« ft benefit of those may thai bo afflloted.-I am, Slr, TOMI » j ÄKNHY AüLPASS.-To the Proprietor of Norton s Camo»" nib. 