* a~ii.N*AnRIiVAL OF TUE MAIL P?OM. SYDNoy. Si'G rea.t aurprieo and disatisfaotion woeas felt hero :lyesterdny morning on it being ascortained that the 'itraii brought no mail from Sydney. On inquiry wo \- weio given to understand that no mails wore des patched from the general post-oflico on Mlonday on ceount of its being Boxing-day. This noevr was , l,.m.ittetd on any provious occasioo, and now that ;:in theseo times of progress people naturally expet that the post-offic shell afford more instead of less coveoniOnco to 'tho 'publio it cerltainly appears to be a retrograde step, and one which it is to be hoped w-'ill eat be iepoeated. "AcCIDETs.--On M\onday evening Mr. Thomes "0Styles of Reeovesdalo met with an necident while ro ttroing from a cricklet-match at Goulburn. A short .distance on the Goulburn side of the Bungonia Crook .(theo.roed leaves the old treal:, and in crossing a deeop g 'ully a culvert ha ben oerected on one side of tho o ?riinel trackl. Mr. Styles, who had been absent :':from.the district for somo time, n wa ueCacquailted :wlith this doviationn, and contiluing his courbe 0long ,thoe old track was precipitated into the gully and .,thrown with consideirble violence to the ground, .')ithishorse coming down on him. M 'r. Glennie, who S:rwas?riding with him, managed to got him to Mr. Armstrong's inn ot Bnngonia, whore eery ottlenlion was paid to him, tho Rol. MIr. Proter r'remainin with him till Mr. Olonnio went to ReortadaIn, and returning with a buggy, drove him into (ioulhorl. The servicnes of Dr. Morton were cslled into requisi. lion, when it wnas found that Mr. Styloa's shoulder had bun dislocateod. The doctor reduced the dialo cution, nd the patient is doing well and will be ohlo to return home in a day or tnwo.-Tho ame day a young man named Neasbit living on tboe Wollondilly was riding in the bush, when his horsa full, throwing him with great violence to the ground. Dr. Goentlin was sent for at once, and found the unforturnato man suffering from concussion of the brain. faoing pre scribed the necessary romedis, the doctor loft his patient in a fair way for recovery. PRESYrTERtIN.-T'I'h R?ov. A. Cameron of Vic. torita n atdvertised to proeach in St. Andrew's church, Goulhturn, on Sunday last ; hut owing to the Oity of MIelbourne being chartered to convoy the Californian mailt there was a delay of a day in thn despatch of the steamer from Melbourne, and Mr. Osmoron was unablo to keep the appointment. 1lu will preach on Sunday next instoead. RItrnB.?nooTIoN-o- ltIcIcsOSN v. GouLnunN.-A, ruturn match betwoeen tlhoso cotmpanios of volhuteers will take place on the Goulburn range on Salturdlay next. The first metch was fired in September at Richmond when the Goliburn nompmny proved victorious. The ondilionso are fveo shots each at 200, O00, and 600 yards; HIay ritle; any position; tea men a side. Thie following are the names of the Gioulburn mon :--Lieutenant Bliackshaw, lion. EMom hers RIiley and Blackshaw, and Privates Sherring, Holt, Topham, Morris, J. Byrno, Jessop, and Sproulo; nosrgency, lion. Member. WVatson, and Privalte Kingusell and K.onano. The visitors will hb enter teinod in the evening at a public dinner at O'Brieu,'s Imperial IIntel. RIPLE.Snoormvo o. - COizeas' PIazzes.--Thu filth compntition for the third batch of. prizes presented by thb citizens of Goadlbuitro to he shot for by volun teers took place on Wednesday last. The conditions are five shots each with the Hay rifle at 200, 500, and 600 yards; prizes to be awarded to the highest average scorers in soveral competitions. Four persons competed- with the following result: "· .:???; "Points, 200 · i bi00 ) 000' .aulloeddem. yd. ydo. Total. fIon. lfem nle1sh0w " 1 0 40" Ilvatelicito.e .... 0.. 6 12 9 9 O Plrivate Byrne....;..,?." O9 16 6 Pritate torrls ....1...2 . .10 2 2 20 PUoviosIonAn. SolIOL, Fu?ctu?RTo.-On Friday, Deombor.17th, the children attending this school broke up for the Christmas holidays. Abundance of refreshments in the way of tooen, ako, &o.;, had boon provided for them through the kindness of their teacher and some friends. Then followed the distribution of prizes, the majority of which were given by the teaocher, two byh H. Caddleln Elsq., one by Rov. J. O. BotH. The three first prizes were gained by IMary Ritohio, IMargaret Seaman, and James Ritebio. Aftbr various games and amusoea mento the children again mustered together and gave threo cheours for Mrs. HII. D. Caddon before starting for their respective homes. We understand the council of education has in contemplation thbo erection of now school buildings and the conversion of the provisional into a public school. It is to be hoped that the residents in the noighbourhood of Fullorton having now a good school established in their midst will support it in every way, and especially by sending as many children as they can and as regularly no.possiblo coxt year. OrrICIAL AsSItoFC.--Mr. Samuel Lyons has been oppointed an official assignoee in insolvency in the room of IIr. J. P. Ioacknnzie, resigned. TST.rlOtNIAL. TO R. OL?.etNOER Esoa.--Tho Braid wood Dispatch soays:-On Thursday afternoon the testimonial got up to the above.named gentleman in recognition of the way in which he had carried out his duties as clerk of potty seossions in Braidwood was presented to him at the Commercial Hotel, Brnidwood. There waso a numerous and influential attendance. Mr. J. HI. Griffllin, J.P., occupied the chair. The address, which had boon neatly en grossod on vellum by Mr. VWalter Fell, was signed on behalf of the subscribero by MIr. W. O. Foil, the hon. secretary, by whom it was read, it being then handed over to the recipient by the chairman, to gpther with a purse accompanying it of £70, which was supplemented by a further sum of £1 10t. sub scribed in the room. The address ran as follows: To Ralpht Clemeogee Enq. oear Slr,--I hIse tis hwonor to preesent you olib thu heamm. pseying purne of seenty oerelfgso subscrlbed I.y one hub. dred and eilty a resplouts of tile loln nod district of : rlid ood ns a sellht token of their pprcitattou of Itl monner In whleh you ilane cnrriet out your ofteiol duties ns.clerk of etty- searsons nod and-geml ins lt ldeoo tor nea period of futrleon yearse, on of your cureteua nod oblging manuer to alt tute efOihient dlsehargo of sneh dulles. I beg to eongratultte you upon your appoltment to a tltherofllelt poAltlon, atd wite best tlshes for the welfaire of ,houroelo, ires. Olewmenger, noud fmly, • I am, denr sir, yours faltbtully, 1g. C. Froo. .On behalf of tile oubaeribers.) tIr. Clnmonger rueponttd as follows:- -Str. Chairman anti enelemuen,--The proceedting or tills day 'wlll, I trueb be rentrded by ate s a most plesnt uorent In my Austrailan life. When I loot around no d reeognlse eo many lind and lumiliar faes, I do Indolee feel a sort of Indwellint perlde that I have gained their goond-sll; atworIf0 Ifnee glers enttsfRettlo tt Iny ofictl canpacity, I wll ontlt t iry that 1 per formed my duItt aordinge to the Ooest of my atblhty. Mir. Chirtnta,--t must acktnowledge that Otto litndlty otd cool feelesn which tht btncht of taugistrtes, cue ottd tit, esxlibited towsrds me durieg tiu ,lriod of fourlteen years, mode tho soreb of nly omen asoule of lteasure retteer tIts efthll. TO ttC olelll hers t titt bechnt 1 ltenr, therefore tt y t ot hetrtfelt ftbnths; and to the eolicitors prat'tlring hefore tile Ourlt itn Ieraidtood I oluer my lust tttottks for Otheir generatl CIoutetsy. Ae eregrtd the datlle, totteoding lty Iehltg regiitrtr oef Ott district court noti eclee of the ecne, I Itave to eokttowledga with nlu gretitude tile kbitd eoeournadment I atways tet wilth from Judge Ito loltelIt, Iu thie bllds duprttment us nga'nt it wan olaeys oty study to tive stafisfctioa to oll parelte, and non i rreelvlnotug ti solld recognitlon of your nppreeltlloto of my ter vices, I beg to relullt you my tnioulldted ttanktls. I think you ltterely for your titnd wihelt e Otr tie welfelrn of 1,rs. 'lemotnger and fttttty,a nd ill return tllot oto to nssure yoeu thint thsosu kind wishlte are elnly aret rocted snot my poert, ttd emay you slso meet tsl erery hayppyittsu ond prosperlty. After thu opplauto hod oubhidol, MIr. Clomotgor'u health was drunk, us also that of Mlr. Fell, the bun. oeurotrsry, ind ou Itr. isngoland, the treasurer, who had been one of the first maoers in getting up thu testimonial. After a vote of thankls to thu chairman the proceedings waero brouttgt to a close. S.TEN o CLOCiK 31iAlt.-Msany years ago tho govern ment presented the court- houso in Yass with a clock, and the clock there remains. It has since presented the post-offien with a similar clock, and it is to be hoped that the latter will provomoro service able than the former has done. When presenting the olook to the court-houeo they failed to give in struotions to the lockupkoeper, or to Mr. Lesoborg, our local regulator, to wind the time-pieco up regularly, and the consequence is that the hands of the clook were placed at ten o'clock, tho hour the policeo court is supposed to commence business, and to this day the magistrates cannot make a mistake, by this clock, for at ton o'clock they remain, and at whateverhour the magistrates choose to take theboirseat on the bench, ton o'clock it is by this clock. Surely, if the clock was worth providing, or was at all necessary, it is equally worth regulating and making serviceable. If going, it might lot the magistrates on the bench notice how the time of the court is dawdled away unnecessarily (as is unfortu nately noticed by our reporter.) The supreme court judges and the district court judges from time to time return to Yase--thoro may be absences of four or six months-but the clock is still there, punctual to the proper time of opening the different courts, for ten o'clock it is-ci-ad remaines. A guinea or so a year would paythecostof having the clock attended to by Mr. Losoberg, watchmaker, and the failure of this very moderato payment makes the clock and its original cost entirely a waste of money. The treasury coffers aro overflowing-can a guinea a year be spared to make this clock of some uso?-Courior. [The fault would seem to be not with the government but with the local officials, who appear to think that they are powerless to wind up a clock sent for their own use unless they have orders to do so. Yass would be fortunate in respect to clocks if it know how to avail itself of what the gods have provided.' There nro very few towns to which the government has given two clocks.] ROAD QUEANHM1YAN TO GUQNNlo .-Tho following is the copy of a letter forwarded by the public workit department to Mr. Fitzpatrick, the member for Yass, and Mr. Wright, the representative of Quoanboyan: ,-"Department of public works, Sydney, 14th Do comber, 1875. Gentlomon.-Ruferring to your per sonal interview urging the incroaso of classification of the road from Queanhbyan to Gunning, I am directed to inform you, that in view of Gunning becoming a railway station, the classification of this road das in creased in 1873 to 2nd class, and Mr. Lackey does not think it should receive any higher rate at present. I am directed to add that a bridge on this road over the Quaanboann River has been provided at a cost of £2000.-I have &c.;, Jonsi RAt.-M- . Fite patrick, Esq., M.P., and J. J. Wright, Esq., M.P.," -Yeps Courier. B.ATirous.-Mlonday. - A seoero thunderstorm occurred this morning. The roo rof I r. Sittor's bonso vis3 blown off, and trees torn up by the roots The afternoon was flne, but windy.-The attondabco aththe raobs was fair.-An aborigine named Mary Ann Lambert hns boon murdered by a blaclfollow named Jack Wlaton at Southern Cross, twelve miles from Forboa.-'Tho offender was arrestn4 by Subinspoector Stephonson,8Snior.constablo e aGlynn, and Conetabl, le Leod.·-The damOage done to Mr. Suator's promises by the thundoretorm is estimatoed at £1500.-- Asociated Press telegram. Tru IIEA.,rTa o' TlE CIT.--Tho following letter has boon kindly handed to us for publication by the mayor, E. Webb Esq. : " Colaonil Scr'anry's OmTe, oynodny, 1401 Deembher, 1S7, : lr,-t haring d emon reorted thn s oprse typer of startst fuorer htas on itself in some lvrls of tle olony, I a direotrd by tihoe c relonrl eire to ristlo hnot you will u'e yoear utmoest eort towrd tile roierte ie of nfoien.c, a other oeils tean og0 to 0cgeeer inilell asllaonei te imay prtlon o eour muoenlcoplity. q . I n deo- ired, c at tilse sa, tic. to forward eronelth cer yoer Infers atien net for all rti ution amonge t oe Inhaitoantg.or tian a fouiciaaoity, prints I rapies of a meoranladum whlCeh oa Ineen dlrrrn up hly the ectieg modleal adiser to tWeo rl0nt for rlolllaintla In tile country dislrict, wit thle riec rf nvoertng or rthusing the virulon of noy sroious aotbree orm rielir fever or sodir pideale dloreaso 3. Tihiganlyqu eoer, hl catien paertitioners In tile cohnlry diotricls htve bheu pornualicates with bo y tile atl0 ogneltleat adntser ana the ohlnlei ,crctlrytrustya ti at yoll ail ioialte tlae e rat i pon or the ar l.lo.teer s of tihe medial prruareslion hennreryouoo. ylsave ocearni to rrqmire their ofdnlc,. I earve hinhonnr to be sir, toar ,ioet oblicalet ervoant, Ilonut IOrLLoma.' To the lI.tor of tile uorough of nlatluhst." \--Western Indoependent. Stoin Now tIILoTAov Pnotl'Oe0Ah.-Tho commond ant, aifter dbmonstrating by competent military authority that very el-oitident preopoeition, that without continuons training and diescipline no armed body of men can be reliable a a mtilitary organzia tion, proceeds to devoolp hie vinews asn to the bost remedialt course. tloe dimosne the idlea of forming a militia "on the snofprincipls o ins thatin the imperial service, in eonsequence ofe the conditions of Oerrico boing too stringent and exacting for the eiroonstanrer of thocolony." We proeinso Colonel ichabrdson, by "a militia on the same principles eo thct in the imperial servico," m0ans a militia simitorly embodied to that of treit lritian. o towreer, this is onpassnel, and wo shaell not discuss the possibility of raising uch a foreoo at praesent but panse on to incommand ant'o aouggrtlions. H proposes modiieod form of Oonditions of service, which miglet he made opplicabo toupaid volunteer militia. For this purpose the colony is to ben divided into fouear districto- comprising hoad-quactoro, with 2318 ortillery, onginearo, mountd rifle, and i adinfantry western district, 626 monted rifles and infantry; northern district, 706 artillery, mounted rifles, and infantry; southern distrigt, 701 artillery, momitm d rifles and infantry; giving a tlotl of 1356 oflr ranls oas to the peance ostahrlirhmodt, to ho expanded in time of war to 6716 f alnl ranlt, or oven a greatelr oextent. So for as the ostablishment of the force is concerned, he has made ittlo difference, except by the introduction uf msonted rifles; though in preference to this old. fashioned branch it would bes mush more desirable to havo six troops of cavalry on the same principle as the Victorian Light forse, prepared to act either ns horse nrtillery, cavalry, or skirmishers, as requirod. Cno of these should certainly ha stationed at Sydney. Colonel Richardson proposes that the men should on ist for fvoe yeurs; in defalt of voluntory enlistmuont, rocouree to bo had to the ballot. The annual train ing is to consist of tn clear days in camp of banr raes, and in addition sixe detached days during the ether portions of the year, and during these perioles the mon to ho paid according to a fixed secale at per raio. Helro, however the commandant is rather vague, for ho does not maleg it clear whether he purposea to siil the mon fotr drill or parade at any other periods; or whether, if o thery are to he paid t such periods. If he merely proposes the sixteen dayo obtained in this manner, we emphatically affirm that his scheme is utopian, and that ooch a force would bo worse than ouseoloss-r-a mere burloequn upon the militia system of Enaland, which rqnuiroa each bnttanlion to bo one month per year in campt and tlhject to the Articles of War and oIutiny Act. If, me the other hand, he only proposes pay for these ixtoen tlays, he certainly does not offer much in dueomont in this oay t and hown dots he purpona to thlefray tile cost of uniform and acouthremontsr Vhy not, in preference to paying for this isonlated Borvico, h?veo traininot and pay on a oystsm similar to that of the Naval Brigade P-Echo. l Tlnt Dli tL.eobea In iALw.tAY.-Threor of the directors of the Dniliooion -ind Iotoma toRilwoy Cdompany--ltesr. BJenlris Colliner (chairman), Barry, and J. B. Watson--orrived at Dlniliqain on Friday ntight last, having travereod the line, in order to fin on the snecessary buildings, yards, &e.;, for ulation purposey. Tho station at ttodbionk (llathoaro) will ho opposite to the northern end of lIr. Burton's northern pddoclr there. Th.ro will, we hoor, he a Imall platform opposite Mlill t'aito, and oppoesite loir. At Doniliqueinl theo buoilding and yerde for cattlo and hooep will he a fhornidpahle Itind. Trai goods-shed, tatior-house, &o.;, will hae netr to the Itowa council's yard, on the south side o the lagoon in the south town. At six o'celock on Saturdilay aorning the directors, with frr. D. 0. Jones, visited tho grour nd here, tad fixed on the avnaral sites for the slruettres nadmed. At teon o'alotk the olireofor wont ofl to eoamia to hold a meetinr at fire p.m. on the some day, on the suaject of the necessary eloeepers. It appears that the sawmill moo there are on the strike in ronsequouro 0o the mill-owners deromanding nine hora t day for work. ollioer, wBorry, nand Co. hane nothing to do with this irptle, aod 0us they laner well with the toebouring nloss, lgillod aend unslillod, Oollier, Borry, and Co. ore not likely to he dtahined in thir railway worls. fir sleopors. They will soon find a way out of the diufichlty. lnr. Barry is of opinion that the engino should be at Doniliquin in t few weeks hence, hatl bosting the line, &e.;, and thes line should be open about tay for general puorposes, should nothing ut foreseeon occur to prevent this. -Paton ral T imeos. rF TIcSo St r.TIIOUI) eT delil E E or TII'. DgceswDo. -The following exntraordinary adverrtioumont is xtrtedtral from one of lthe Bthurst papers: itosring Frintd.--lIf thes should meet tih eye of bAnne Pye, ftorwanords Smnllmn (decesnedl, re-marrted in Oastlemino, Vilctorlia, aout 10, to - i(n e o uoormlan), nd 0ent to district ofOronge, her brother (Daniel Pyo), Iearp of Er o Itelol, tlreraeehortl, Vietorli rould w e hlod tocorrrspod. Asny frions communictilng the oboer wilt ho theoukd.-Oehec. worth, December 10th, 1871. This is the first occasion on which we have ment with an advertisement calling spocially for the notice of a dead person. Is this the latest devolopmeut of spirit ism ? and has otr contempbrary subscribers in ghost land ? or what a Tlto HIARveS AT GchDAae.--Horcrst operations oro now being carried on round Gundogai with groat vigour, and the yineld of grain in many instanosces is qrtit tnprecdonteod. A crop of eate owned by aIr. R. Woodbridgo of South oundagaoi, is eoxpected to yield forty- fieo bushels to the acro; he has aleso a ilne crop of wheat praesenting a healthy appooranc, which indicates 'a rotutr of not lese than forty busheols to the acre. Theo harvest at Aderong Oross int promises abundantly, so muh so thot au thanoa giving arico was hold rosently Iat St. Jameo ' Churoch in that locality, Those fats are ploeasing to record, and we shael learn with increased natistafo tion that when tbrsohiug is finished, the oxpocted yield has boon rolisod. In conjunction with this nahjeaot it may not he out of placo to montioen that Mr. Polaleo lately.hacrosted filtron owt. of honey, the produce of wild bees, oethi being the second lot obtained by him this oasoeon. --Timoe. Lt?auc TO SwVtt.-- The Mclhourno Argus gives the following sensible adnic :--Evoryono must hove beoon srokh, we think, by the deaths which have oe ce'rod recently from drowning. bEver day appears to brinog intolligence of sam life having boon lost in this way, .ced doubtless before the summer ise over the list will hoave attained very formidaoble dimo sione. People will batho during the htot weather, and the rivers and waterholes of this country ore, aous a rule, more death-traps nto thosen who cannot swim. They get carried out of their depth by currents or disappear in conseqtuonce of some soudden irregutority of thu bottom, end then, unless aid is at hand, oll is very eoon over. If aseistance is near, the catantro phe in sometimes rendered more deplorable, for the would-be recuCear ocoasronally sacrifices his lifs in his charitable and praiseworthy attempt to succour the man, woman, or child in distress. When we refloct on those things we cannot help wondering how it ia that any~one io allowed to grow up witlhout learning to support taimself or horsela in the water. The art of swimming io very oatily tacqatirad, ropociolly if studied when young, end once got hold ef ia never lost. When onca rt parson has learnt to swim aand becomes accoutomod to the water he will never for got the process, eveu if he ehouhll not havee any prioctico for years. Seeing that so great and lantinig an advantage maaybe os easily attained, we think that parsntoand frobehrs obduld do evorything they possibly can to encourago or oven compel children to become swimmers. aIllny voluablo liwts would have boon saved onat an tnimaogitnablo qoeantity of misery preveretod if thib art hbaaa formed port of the idueea i tibn of boih eaxoe. WVnaare conlinlally hbooing ! proofs forced upon lnarattenfion of its vnloe. ''aaki Sthe moest'sacent oln. In our issue 9f Thursday mioy he toned nn aceount of how a boot contaonint a yoaoth and two youong ladiea wan oapsizod some four hun drod yar?d from tho St. Silda pier. Ofo of Iho osnunj ladict oouldnot swim; but the other took hbo to the bhat, on to which she held until assistanco came. What the result would have been had none or only oio of the porty bken ablo to swim we leave our reodero to imagine. There are many things which young poloplo consider it diegraceful to bo ignorant of, and surely the art of ewimminig ahoult be one of them. MELANCHOLY CASE OF DROWNING AT YOUNG.— On Wednesday afternoon unusual excitement was caused in town through a report being spread to the effect that a youth named Samuel Byers, an assis tant in Messrs. Watson Bros.' stores, had been drowned in the dam at the old Belmore mining works. A number of persons at once repaired to the scene, and after obtaining one of Wishart's boats they commenced dragging for the body, which was secured by Mr. William Lynch between eight and nine o'clock last night. It was removed to deceased's late residence at Messrs. Watson Bros., where an inquest was held on the following day. The deceased was about sixteen years of age and always looked the picture of health. He came out to the colony with his parents about eighteen months ago, and has been engaged at Messrs. Watson Bros.' over since.— Burrangong Chronicle. MURDER AT GUNTAWANG.—Gulgong.—Monday.— Early on Sunday morning a report reached Gulgong to the effect that Mrs. Martin, hotel-keeper at Gunta wang, had been murdered. Senior-constable Merrin and Constable Gleeson started for the scene, and arrested a man named Pitt. It appears he met his victim at the end of a passage, and cut her throat with a pocketknife. He then attempted to take his own life. The woman bled to death. On Sunday a magisterial inquiry was held so that the body might be buried. The prisoner will be brought up on Tuesday for examination. — Associated Press tele gram. Gocl AT ONE THtOUSAND FEET.- The Olnone Guardian writes:-" We are pleased to record the foct that a now reef has boon struek in the paddook mine at the dtpth of a thousand feet, hohwing large heavy cold both in the blue slate easing and also in the solid quartz. This ie most gratifying, prooing that there is yet an age of woric in tho as yet unex plored depths of the Olunes mines." Yco ANOTrHten Set Ioten.t-There in another Sir RIaer in the tiold, uccording to thn Ballarat Post, which states that a gentleman residing in Bollorat has received a letter by the California mail oonvey ing the rather startling intelligence that the real Sir Roger Tiahbbrne is now alive and well and a resident of tie United States. It is stated that the fact is beyond all question. Gold proepects at the Palmer are reported richer than ever. The fortnightly steamer from Cooktown is said to huen left with a ' ton'" of the precionu metal. Mr. J. MI. Litoklater of Adelaide, who failed some time ago, has now paid his creditors in full-alto gothr £d4000. A good example this to creditors. The land at present under wheat-crop in Adelaide is estimated at 900,000 acres, which in expected to average eleven bunhels to the acre. Mlr. Thompnon of Donolly with great thoughtfol. nens at bin death bequeathed each of hin employees £200. The Albury Banner staten "that the duties collected at the Albury custom-house from Decomber let to December 8th inelueife, amounted to £1215 8\. Gd. To realise the full ettent of the increase of business thus disclosed, it must be remembered that when the lost border treaty was negotiated the duties collected at Albury were estimated at £11,000 per annum, or rather less than £1000 per month, whereas they now amount to over £1000 per week. This too in spite of the fact that when the former estimate woo made a considerahle rnvenun was received from tobacco, while now mowt of the tobaocco introduced comes in free under bond from Sydney. If oll tho tobacco consumed in the distriut paid duty -on the Burnay, the receipts at the custom-house wotlnd be further augmented to the extent of at least another £100 per week." IorouNDe D AT BnuRRoWA, on 17th Deomber, from Ryan Villa; tom due set after each animal: Skewbald horme, WW over like p, noar ohoulder, lite 2 near nook, broteon,G years, 16 haonds-15/0: brown mwre, lII near ehoulder, star, aged, 14d hbndn-15/6; yellow-bay horse, JR near shoulder, like JR near rocp, scer off rump, star, brokten, broken-down, aced, 16) hands-l1/6; chestnut mare, TH off ahoulder and rump, blace down face, hind feet white, broken, aged, 14 hands-t1/6; blockt mwre, T over writing capitul W near shoulder, aged, 141 hadnd-15/0; chestnot mare, W near nook, etar, 14d hande-l16/0; bay mtre. MK downwurds our I1K downwarde near shoulder, star, 14 honde 15/0; roan horon, 7 over JO near shoulder, 0 orer D off ohoulder, star, little white on off hind foot, broken, oncod. 15 hnndn-£t 1/.-Alao en name date, frwm Bally Ron,:--Buy mare. ) near hoaulder 16/6 --Ateo, on 18th, from Sprongfield :-Pibnald horne, E and like Ag cotjOined near abotolder, broken, oged, 16. hands --1/9; grey horse, MF' over a faint brand like OL.(tbhe O rverored) or OG (the G reon rod) or )-( near ohouldor, collar-market, broken, aged, 14 hondst-15/9. -Also, on 18:1,, from Boner. lep:-Danlerarny mwlro, no brands niniblo, broken. 0 years, 15t hands-t1/6. To be scld 13th Januury. Ihtnvwoann AT Souvn GonueAuh, on the 18th December, trom Willie Plomat; ontm due set after oath animal:-Black hornse, saddle-marked, star, hind feet white, white marlns near and off hips-9s brown lily, line t over S or t over S near ,hOulder Oa:-Alto, on the n-me date, from 'Perrahandra: Blackc horse, oaddle-mrtced, blozc in fe, like RI over OF or W over OF neor eboulder; hay mare, hind ftet white, taddle- marked, K or N off nook 10: chestnut horse, neddle-morkhd, blaZe in foce, TFG near bhoutldor-lOn.; gray mare collar-marked, OR over 2 near shoulder, x oner heart near thigh, JW off hboubrler-1O0:-Alo on the 20th December, from Adelonl Orebk:-Ohoatnut horse, blaze in face, taddlo-marked, near hind foot white, O eeor lilne writing capitl O upsidedown near ohoul der, like writing capital W off shoulder-lo:'-Also, on 20th December, from Terrabondra:-Bay oult, JFP ocor 2 near uhoulder, WV over JO off shoulder 12s; bay eoh, star and snip, lI over near nhoul dor-l2e. To be sold on 13th-Janoury. ItnhtOUnDED AT DlBtIDnWeoD, O n 16th December, from Loo's Rance, sum due at date of notic-l10/: -Rod and white hbofer, nff ear erooped, NS (thu 8 large) nlar rump, lioe 0 with indistinct brand near thigh, like S or B near ribe. To be sold 0th Jan. WrEToNn WIzcno OCIa AND AIouc PILLS have motred more wondertlo cases of Rleumtatist, Goeto, Nerianlgin, Aclies, Pinfs, Stellitngs, Caked Brenasls, furnee, Scalre, and S'll-lohetm, upon the human frame, than all the pretended remedies bnhe einee the world began. These Greet American MIedicines are compoeod of vogatable oil, healing gums, roots, and herbo; and not like a charm upon pain and in. flommation.-AunvT. 4678 