off rise pffttfrjeiu *? HYDROPATHIC TREATMENT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE W. A. TIMES. Sir-As. Loftie's letter in your issue of the 5th insts has re-called to my memory an almost forgotten event. Many years ago I underwent the ordeal by water, and not only survived, but felt much better after it. In winter weather, with the snow on the ground, and the door of my bedroom opening on a snow covered lawn I was roused out of my warm bed at 6 a.m. and stood shivering while the attendant spread two blankets over the bed, then wrung a sheet out of a pair of ice cold water, and, spreading it over the blankets ; cooly invited me to repose on it in a state of nature which, with assumed jauntiness, but inward trepidation I did. Then commenced a chatter ing as of a dozen monkeys over hot chest nuts, and a shivering and shaking as if two dozen ghosts had dropped in to pay a morning visit. The tormentor folded the cold sheet round my naked form, tucked the blankets round, and finally piled on two more blankets. I lay -helpless and my teeth sounded like-castanets in the hands of a Spanish dancer. I was left alone, and in about twenty minutes the cas- tenets ceased, and a most agreeable warmth p« vailed my whole frame, the pleasure increased and I was inwardly pronouncing the experi- ment to be awfully jolly, when the fiend in a servants dress returned, placed a sponge bath on the floor and brought in two buckets of freezing water. He ordered me out of my warm nest made me squat down in the bath and poured over my heated body those two buckets of torture. Then he rubbed me with towels made of files and sand paper, till I felt like a skinned eel, and glowed like a male Aurora, after which he handed me my clothing. Having dressed, and taken a three or four mile walk through the snow, I returned to the breakfast table and made a meal which would have startled a Yorkshire Ploughboy. Lord Chesterfield who " rode beyond all price did not venture on a second days hunting-my wet sheet day' is a pleasant recollection but I did not try the experiment twice. I have no wish to speak ill of this hydro- pathic system which I am persuaded is of great service when used in proper cases and judiciously applied, but I am quite certain it is capable of doing immense harm if applied unskilfully or to unsuitable patients. Modern hydropathy, homeopathy, phrenology c, &c;, are all good ideas run to seed. The study of the shape of the human head is most instructive, but I cannot understand how any anatomist can ticket, each small elevation or depression on a skulls surface with the name of a quality or function when he must know that the brain underneath does not correspond to such alterations of level which are usually produced by differing thicknesses of bone or of membranes and bloodvessels, and that the surface of the true inner brain has little correspondence with that of the outer covering which we see on removing the calvarium. So with homeopathy which indirectly effected some good, though its main doctrine of infinitesimal doses is too absurd for argument. And with regard to the packing alluded to by Mr. Loftie, this is merely a part of a system which contains a great deal of truth. And which in a modified form might be, and I hope some day will be a valuable adjunct to medical treatment. Some of the advocates of hydropathic treatment maintain that it is useful in all cases, and by so doing brand it as a humbug, for no single plan of treatment can be applicable to all cases. I am Sir, c, H. C. BARNETT. March 9th, 75. 