Mr. Ruskin on Bishops and Clergy. WK quote the following characteristic obser- vations of Mr. Ruskin {rom the January number of bis " Fora Clavigera" : - " I was asked by ono of my Oxford pupils thc other day wliy I had never said any serious word of what might seem best for clergymen to do in time of so great doubt and division. " 1 have not, bocause any man's becoming a clergyniau in those days must imply one of two things-either that ho has something to do and say for men which he honestly believes himself impelled to do and say by the Holy Ghost-and in that case ho is likely to sec his way without being shown it-or decile is one of the group of so-called Christians, who, except with tho outward ear, ' have not so much as heard whether there ie any Holy Ghost,' and aro practically lying, luth to men and to God \- persona to whom, whether they be foolish or wicked bi their ignorance, no honest way can possibly be shown. "The particular kinds of folly also which lead youths to become clergymen, uncalled, arc especially intractable. That a lad just out nf bis teens, and not under the influence of any deep religious enthusiasm, should ever contem- plate thc possibility af his being set up in the middle of a mixed company of men and women of the world, to instruct thc aged, encourage thc valiant, support the weak, reprove the guilty, and set an example to all; and not feel what a ridiculous and blasphemous business it would be, if be only pretended to do it for hire; and what a ghastly and murderous busi- ness it would he, if lie did it strenuously wrong; and what a marvellous and all but in- credible thing thc Church and its power must lie if it were possible for him, with all the good meaning in tho world, to do it rightly ; that any youth, I say, should ever have got himself into the state of recklessness, or conceit, required to become a clergyman at all, under these existing circumstances, must put him quite out of the pale of those whom one appeals to on any reasonable or moral question, in serious writing. I went into a Ritualistic church thc other day, for instance, in the West End. It was built of bod Gothic, lighted with bad painted glass, and had its Litany intoned and its sermon delivered-on the subject of wheat and chaff-by a young man of, as far as I could judge, very sincere religious sentiments, but ve.ry certainly tho kind of person whom one might have brayed in a mortar among the very best of thc wheat with a pestle, without making his foolishness depart from him. And, in general, any man's becoming a clergyman in these days implies that, at best, his senti- ment has overpowered his intellect ; and that whatever the feebleness of thc latter, the victory of bis impertinent impiety hos been probably owing to its alliance with his conceit, and its promise to him of thc gratification of bciug regarded as an oracle, without thc trouble of becoming wise, or the grief of being so. "Tho work of the evangelists was done before they could bc made bishops ; that of the apostle cannot he donc on a bishop's throne ; there remains to them, af all possible office af organisation in the Church, only that of the pastor, verily and intensely their own ; received by them in definite charge when they received what they coll the Holy Ghost :-'Be to tho flock of Christ a shepherd, not a wolf ; feed them, devour them not." " Docs any man, of all the men who have received this charge iu England, know what it it to bc a wolf Î-recognise in himself thc wolfish instinct, and thc thirst for the blood of God's flock ? Far if he does not know what is thc nature of a wolf, how should he know what it is to bc a shepherd ? If ho never felt like a wolf himself, docs be know the people who do t He docs not expect them to lick their hps and bare their teeth at bini, I sup- pose, as they do in a pantomme Î Did ho ever in his life sec a wolf coming, and debate with himself whether he should light or fly ? or is not rather his whole life one headlong hire- ling's Might, without so much as turning his hcail to see what manner of beasts they arc that follow ?-nay, are not his very hireling's wages poid bim /or flying instead of fighting ? " Dares any one of them answer me-here from roy college of the Body of Christ I \ challenge every mitre of them ; definitely, tho1 Lord of St, Peter's borough, whom I note os a pugnacious and accurately-worded person, and hear of as an outspoken one, able and ready to answer for his fulliluicut of thc charge to I Peter. How many wolves does he know iii I Peterborough - how many sheep ? - what [ hattie has he done-what bites can ho show thc scars of ?-whose sins has he remitted in Peterborough-whose retained ?-hos he not remitted, like his brother bishops, all thc sins of the rich, and retained all those of the poor! docs he know, in Peterborough, who arc for- nicators, who thieves, who har», who mur- derers ? and has he ever dared to tell any one of them to his face that he was so-if tho mau had over a hundred a-year ? "1 Have mercy upon all Turks, Jews, infi- dels, and heretics, and so fetch them home, blessed Lord, to Thy Hock, that they may ho saved among the romant of thc true Israelites.' Who are the true Israelites, my lord of Peter- borough, whom you eau definitely announce for such in your diocese. Or, perhaps, tho Bishop of Manchester » jil take up the chal- lenge, having spoken wisely-iu generalities concerning fraud. Who are thc true Israelites, my lord of Manchester, on your Exchange ? Do they stretch their cloth like other people ? -have they any underhand dealings with tho liahlc-to-bc-dauined false Israelites-Roths- childs and thc like ? or are they duly solicitous about those wanderers' SDIIIS »-and how often, on tho avcraqe, do your Manchester clergy preach from the delicious parable, s:trouricst of all Scripture to rogues, at least since the clcvonth century, when I find it to bc specially headed with golden title in my best Greek MS. ' of tho Pharisee and Publican '-and how often, on tho average, from those objec- tionable first and fifteenth psalms ! "For thc last character in St. Paul's enumeration, which bishops eau claim, and tho first which they are bound to claim, for thc perfecting of thc saints, and the work of tile ministry, is that of thc doctor or teacher. " In which character, to what work of their own, frank and faithful, can they appeal in thc last fifty years of especial danger to thc Church from false teaching ? On this matter my challenge will bo most fittingly made to my own bishop, of tho University ot Oxford. He inhibited, on thc second Suuday of Advent of last year, another bishop of thc English Church from preaching at Carfax. By what right ? Which of the two bishops am I, their innocent Iamb, to listen to ? It is true that tho insulted bishop was only a colonial one ; am I to understand, therefore, that thc Church sends her heretical bishops out as apostles, while she keeps her ortho- dox ones at home? and that, accord- ingly, n stay-at-home bishop may always silence a returned apostle? And, touching the questions which are at issue, is there a Bingle statement of the Bishop of Natal's, respecting the Bible text, which thc Bishop of Oxford dares to contradict before Professor Max Muller, or any other leading scholar of Europe ? Docs the BÍBbop of Oxford himself believe every statement iu thc Bible ? If not, which docs he disbelieve, and why? He suffers the whole collection of books to bc spoken of-certainly by many clergymen in his diocese-as the Word of God. If ho dis- believes any portion cf it, that portion ho is hound at oucc to inhibit them from so calling, till inquiry has boen made concerning it; but if he and the other orthodox home-bishops-who would very joyfully, I perceive, bum the Bishop of Natal at Paul's, aud make Ludgate Hill safer for the omnibuses with the cinders of him-if they verily believe aU, or evon, with a living faith, any vital part of thc Bible, how is it that we, the incredu- lous sheep, see no signs following them that believe ¡-that though they can communicate the Holy Spirit, they cannot excommunicate thc unholy one, and apologetically leave the healing of thc sick to thc physician, the taking up of serpents to thc juggler, aud the moving of mountains to thc railway navvy ? " It was never meant that anyone should do such things literally, after St. Paul's time." Then what toot meaut, and what is, doctors mine ? Challenge enough for this time, it seems to mc ; thc rather that just as I finish writing it I receive a challenge myself requiring atten- tive answer. Fors could not have brought it mc at better time. The reader will Hud lt thc first iu tho "Notes and Correspondence" of this year ; and my answer may both meet the doubts of many readers who would not so frankly have expressed them, aud contain some definitions of principle which arc neces- sary for our future work. 