LOCAL INTELLIGENCE. MUBUDMBTOGBB TttttF CLUB,—A meeting of the Committee of the M.T.C. was held at theAustralian Hotel onThursdayeveninglast. The attendance was very good, Mr Gormly occupying the chair. The minutes of the last meeting were - read and confirmed, after which it was resolved that the new rules of the Cla b having come into operation on the lst Jatma r y la «t, a meeting should be beld in EttBter w «ek, for the purpose of appointing a secretary for the ensuing year. This date was chosen on accouut of the Easter Racemeeting bringing most of the members into town. A sub-committee having been appointed to supervise the advertising for the year, the meeting separated. PCBLIC SCHOOL AT NORTH WAGGA.—An application has been received at the office of the Council of Education, for the establishment of a Public School at North Wagga. DAILY MAIL COMMUNICATION WITH ALBCBY. — Referring to the agitation for daily mail communication with Albury, rece n tly recommenced in this town, the Marray aud Hume. Times suggests that, as it is a matter in which the people of Albnry also are l n terested, steps should be taken to co- °P eI^te wit!l the inhabitants of Wagga, by getting up a memorial for daily postal communication and entrusting to Mr George Di'y,- member for the district, for presentation. PETTY THEFT—The race of area-sneaks that we hear of as existing in large towns is becoming acclimatised in Wagga. There are some persons who would steal the screws out of their grandmother's coffin, so inherent in their natures is petty larceny. Almost equal y nitau is a case which occurred a day or two ago in this town. A resident left his bDgay.wHp in the vehicle at night, and found tbe bandle next morui minu8 tbe j38h_ THE VISIT or THE HON. W. EORSTKR.— The Hon. W. Forster, Colonial Treasurer, arrived in Wagga Wagga yesterday evening at afaout Blx °' clock - ° n the previous day . he w . aB at Gunda ? ai - where was most eni thusiastically received, being escorted into tbe town » ver y lar g e number of the residents, and in the evening he was.entertained at a nua^rously-atteuded bauquet. From the ac00uut8 of th e Gundagai ovation, we are le(i to believe that Mr Forster was received l , y a more modest cavalcade last evening at Alfredtown, where he was met by some of ! his supporters and escorted into town. The j afternoon waB threateuing, and this doubtless opiated against an extensive muster npon the occasion. This afternoon at four o'clock Mr . Forster will address the electors at the Court-house, when his future constituents will have an opportunity of hearing his opinions upon the leading questions of the day. SALES OF FREEHOLD.—There was ah ex ' cellent attendance on Wednesday afternoon . laBt at theAustralian hotel, when Mr A. T. j Bolton submitted a large number of very valuable town properties to public competition. It would appear, however, that the . buyers who bad assembled were not on the ]ook-ont for large properties, as the more important lots did not find purchasers. Not all tbe persuasive power with which Mr. Bolton is gifted could coax the bidders up to the reserves upon the more centrally situated lots. The excellent business sites in Fitz maurice-street near the Australian Hotel and owned by Mr A. G. Jones, were therefore withdrawn, as well as Mr George Forsyth's fine property Westoe House, for which the bidding only reached £1700, although a large area of land was included in the lot, and tbe erection of the house alone cost upwards of £2000. some five or six years ago. But the want ®f animation in competition did not extend to the more modest lots, all of which bought good prices. Subjoined are-the par- J \- • . ' _ f .ticniars of those sold:—On account of Mr. Gfeorge 'Davis—2r Tompson-street, allotment S . section 73, with four- roomed cottage, garden, &o.;, Mrs U.S. Brown, £238 ; la- Or corner of Thome and Tompsou-streets, allotment 1 sec 76, Mr H. Moxham £42. On account of Mr. H. Mil tenet—2r Wollundry. street, allotment 13 section 63, MrGafiney £3G. On account of Mr George Longmore— 2r fox-street, allotment. 7 section 55, Mr John Stone, £42. On account of Mr Peter Kelly—2r in Best-street, Allotment 11 section 61, Mr C W. T. Brown, £43. On account of Mr C. A. Middleton—la Or 33p corner of Murray and Foriyth-street, allotment 6 section -76, Mr Croker, £33 ; la Or 24p Murraystreet, allotments section 76, Mr GK Forsyth, £30. TIAND ORVICR.—-THE -following land was taken np at the local office on Thursday last: —Martin. Matnaoba al50a, tkear TTrsina ; Jas Cox lOOa. Oberne ; Dryden Thomasi. Morris 122a, Mnndowey; same 158a, do ; Peter Stein 122a, do ; John Henry Hartnett 100a and 40a, Obsrne; John Callaghan 210a, Gregadoo ; William Charter 320a, Kyamba Creek; Robert Montgomeiy 60a and 40a, Gobbagnmbalin; Paul M'Dermott 320s, Gumly Gumly; Luke Devlin 320a, do • Daniel Flanagan 320a, do; John Cook 320a, do; Thomas Dempster Henderson 320a, do ; Henry . Hurst 110a, Onra; John Joseph Ryan 40a, Jnnee; William Patncfc Jones fiOa, Cannindroo. HKVOCATION o» RSSIKVBS.—The following reserves are revoked:—Afurrumbidgee dutrct: No. 3, Adjungbilly, County of fiacclench, .parish: of Adjungbilly; the Crown lands within 1 mile df . Adjnngbilly Creek« Stout /the confluence of Shaking Bog Creek to the oonfluenoe of Sunny Swamp Creek {temporary _ reserve . within goldfield). „ —Connty Cad ell, parish of Gulpa, 190a 2r 22p; that portion of reserve from sale on acoount of stock travelling, as notified 2nd December, 1873\. . RESERVES —The following reserves are notified/in the Gazettes—Murrumbidrjee dis- Irict: No 1314, connty Mitchell, parish of \ TJroly, Tom Groggan s L»goon, 5384a; No. 1315, counties Boyd and Mitchell, about 1000a-, No I3LG, -CM'ity Boyd, parish <f ' Howeil, Yarrabee Waterhole, about I0J square miles;" No. 1317, county Mitohel^ Tarntbw IVateriiid^ Aboiit 12 aq.oue niilas ; 1 i5io TT Moruoda Wattr- ] county tfrana, Waterbole. about 10 square miles • So.~1320, county Tirana, parish of Bingagoug, 640a ; No. 1321' county Tirana, parish of Howell. Reedy : Waterhole, 9J square miles; No. 1322 county Urana, parish of Crotnmelin, aboi.t 9J square miles; So. 1323, county Uiana, parish Douglas, 3J square miles; No. 1324, county Crana, parish of Widgiewa, If sqnaTe mi'e; No. _ 1325, county Tirana, parish of Morundah South, abont 500a; No. 1326, county Urana, parish of Morundah South, 4000a; No. 1327, connty Tirana, parish of Bingagoug, 1740a; No. 1328, county Urana, piiish of Moiundah South, 7i square miles ; No. 1329, cnunty Townsemi, parish ot "Widgiewa, about 7 square miles; No. 1330, county Urana, parish of Betts, below Ihs junction"with Boree Creek, 2j square miles ; No. 755, southerly extension, county" Wakool, parish of Niemur, Chah Sing ran, 1520a ; No, 1331, county Buccleuch, parish of Blowering, Goobarragandra river, 79aNo. 1312, county Buccleuch, at Adjungbilly, parish of Adjuiig- .hilly, on Adjungbilly Creek, 1 square mile {village site); No. 1313. cnunty Buccleuch, parish of Adjungbilly, at Adjungbilly, 250a. Lachla.il district: No. 742. ccuuty Harden, parish of Murruinboola, about 55 acres ; No. 743, connty Harden, parish of Currowoug, about l|a; No. 741, county Monteagle, parish of Young, at Sawpit Gully, lla 3r 24p ; No. 160, northerly extension, county Sturt, parish of Wowong, 960a. A CHAPTER OF ACCIDENTS.—The Narrabri Herald reports the following accidents :—Mr Samuel Baker, on Friday, 29tb nit., was proceeding to Boggabri, riding on top of a loaded dray, and when about half a mile from his residence the horse he was driving—a not very quiet one—was bitten on the heel by a dog, which caused tbe animal to make several plunges, and Mr Baker fearing tbe dray would capsize, jumped off on to the hard metalled road, dislocating and breaking several of the small bones of the right ankle in the fall.—The second is as follows :—Two mep, travelling towards Wee Waa, camped for a few hours during the heat of the day, had; Bought the shelter of a large tree, and •were, it is supposed, haviug a sleep, when suddenly, and without any apparent cause, a large limb fell, and striking both men, killed one instantly, and seriously injured the other. —A third accident is reported by our contemporary, whereby the Eev. Father Sbeehan broke his leg. The rev. gentleman had been making a visit to the different stations in the extensive district under his charge, and was returning home, when withiu about five miles of Moree, in crossing a small gully, his horse slipped and fell, and coining on its rider, cansed the injury referred to. FRANK GARDINER.—The Herald states that Detective Hogan has reported, for the information of the Inspector-General of Police, that an old Sydney resident, a passenger from San Francisco per steamship Mikado, informed him (detective) that Gardiner arrived at San Francisco from Hong Kong by the steamship Great Bepublic; that be is keeping a first-class public house, which a number of persons, called a "King," have fitted up in first-rate style for him. Detective's informant states that it is a great draw. He visited the house daily, when it always appeared full. Gardiner ia known there as the New South Wales bushranger. " AN " UNSTAID" GHOST.—The Tasmanian Tribune reports that on Sunday evening, 7th inst., as a couple, consisting of a young lady and her admirer, were wandering in the vicinity of St. George's bnrial gronnd, the spectre, which has up to now eluded the vigilance of the police and the public, made its appearance. It was nearly being its last appearance in public, for the youth gave chase and .pressed it so closely that it was compelled to divest itself of some of its dresp, which fell into the hands of the pursuer. The articles consisted of a ball dress, a 'pair ot stays, and a skirt, connected with which was, of course, the ever-attendant improver; The spoil remains-in the hands of the party who drove the ghost to the extremity of leaving it on the field, and the owner can .have it ou application. THE SCFEQSXD^-MORIJRR AT BATHIJJRST. The Bathurst papers contain a long account Ol an inquest v held on the body of Mrs. Waugh, wife of the landlord of the White Hart Hotel. The husband of. the deceased was present in custody, and it.transpired in evidence that Mrs Waugh had been drinking for some time past. The medical evidence was to the effect that the body of deceased, was fonnd from the shoulders to near the ankles to be one mass of bruises, apparently inflicted by some blunt instrument; there were two large bruises on tbe back at the extreminty of the spine, such as might have been caused by severe! kicks; there were several bruises on the chest, more especially on the left side; there was also a severe bruise on the right clavicle; the left eye was blackened as if from a blow ; there was also -the mark of a blow on the right side of the forehead, and the right eye was partially blackened; them was also a bruise on the lower pari of the face, extending under the chin, and a slight graze on the point.of the nose and near the chin, as if done by something sharp.; both arms had several bruises, extending from the shoulder to tbe wrists, especially on right hand wrist and back of right hand; the husband declared that these injuries were received by deceased falling about whilst intoxicated. None of the i'njuries, the doctor was of opinion,, would causiB death, which resulted from hemorrhage at the nose. The verdict of the'jnry was, that deoeased died from exhaustion by loss of blood ; -but that the -evidence did not prove -the bleeding to be the result of in- juries, and: that it was not sufficient to show how the said injuries had been received. SHARP PRACTIC*. — Under the query s it just?" the Monaro Mercury re-" lates _the following:—"Not long since, s paor woman selected not a thousand miles i from the town of Cooma. • The very piece of land she applied for and paid a deposit on was ^aken up by means of a Volunteer Land Order, which was not made known; to her till she fenced in the land, cultivated it, and proceeded to reap the wheat. Then she was -threatened-!with law proceedingr. A comfortable home has been wrecked, and hardlabonr and valuable money have been taken a mean advantage of." 