Our New Zealand Letter. AUCKLAND, February 1. IT is midnight; for the city chimes but a few seconds ago announced the fact I am writing in a room the walls of which are nearly three feet thick with solid stone. Yet does the ther- mometer stand at eighty-five, not in the sun as you are sure, not in the shade, but in the gas light The heat is oppressive almost beyond bearing. It is not the honest heat of a Vic torian summer, where the perspiration breaks out over one and brings relief; but it is a nasty sticky heat, which causes a feeling of having come in contact with a treacle cask. The «J*rin is clammy, while the clothes stick to the body. The sweat is a sort of cold sweat, producing misery and a sensation of extreme discomfort On the floor below which I write is a steam engine and a steam boiler. It is work ing off newspapers on a huge printing press. I am used to this, but to-night the movement of the piston is unusually rapid, as known by the quickened vibration communicated to the walls of the building. Now a man' opens my door and looks in. He is clad in a pair of moleskin trousers and a serge shirt, both much soiled with grease, and oil, and lamp-black. The perspiration is running down his face and fore head in dark streaks, and from his broad exposed chest, and his bare brawny arms. I ask +h"» man, whom I know to be the driver and fireman of the engine and boiler below, what he wants, and whether there's anything up. He says, in a calm subdued tone, that he can't make out what's the matter with the " waive." He thinks " the waive must have got stuck ; the indicator shows a hundred and twenty pounds o' steam on in the biler, when there oughtn't to be more nor fifty." I am alarmed at this, and tell him that there will be a blow-up unless he can bring the " waive" to a sense of its responsibility. He says he will go down and try what he can do. I fol low him. The piston is working a hurricane. The man gets a hammer and taps round the valve, but he effects nothing. I tell him he must draw the fire. The reply is that he will do nothing of the kind; he's got to get the first "impression" off by 2 o'clock, and he'll get it off. He "isn't going to get sacked be cause of a waive." It was all the fault of the Government, which ought to order waives as couldn't go wrong. Suddenly there is a terrific hissing sound, and the engine room is filled with hot moist volumes of steam. The " waive " has righted itielf—how, I don't pretend to know, but it did right itself, and the indicator showed the pressure of steam to have declined from one hundred and twenty to fifty five pounds. I escape with life, and ascend to write for your estimable journal. There have been shocks of earthquakes felt at Christchurch and in two or three of the southern Provinces ; but like the decline in the yield of our gold-fields, there has been a con siderable falling off in the number and quality j of earthquakes of late years in this colony. They are nothing like what they used to be m ' the good old times of my earlier days. Then an earthqoaks was something to be thought of and talked about Were yon ever under the influence of an earthquake ! Not a slight one, you know, where there is only the sensation of a slight tremor of the earth under your feet, fol lowed at intervals of a few minutes by other tremors, each succeeding one lighter and less pronounced than that that which preceded it I don't consider that sort of earthquake as worthy of more than a paragraph in the local columns of a newspaper. But were you ever aroused from your sleep in a dead hour of the night, to expe rience what I shall here attempt to describe : There comes upon the ear a confused rumbling from a distance. Then yon hear the sounds as of a hundred empty drays, with horeesattached, in full gallop, coming along a metalled road. On they come full tear, the speed increasing and the sounds more and more distinct until the whole hundred drays, with their affrighted galloping horses, suddenly bring up with a crash before your house. Every joist and support creaks and groans. The building oscillates violently. Things fall from shelves and walls of every room. You have jumped from your bed, your wife clinging to you, pale—as seen by the night lamp —as a ghost In a few seconds your door is burst open, and screaming children and servants rush in in their bed dresses, screaming in fright of an unknown horror. You suc ceed in quieting the children and re storing confidence to the women, and you sit around on the bed and on chairs ; for you feel there is more alarm, if not danger, in store for aIL In half-an-hour there is another shock, but leas violent than the first In an hour the third comes, but with decreased force. Then throughout the night there are many slight vibrations, and the earthquake is at rest That, Mr. Brisbane Courier, is a real genuine earth quake, if you please. I have felt the like, and I have felt now small, how very insignificant, how utterly beyond all help, we are under such a visitation. At 2 o'clock on the morning of Monday, the 16th October, in the year 1848, an earthquake struck the town of Wellington in the North Island, and almost in the twinkling of an eye, or the sound of a trump, left it in ruins. The first shock threw down the brick and stone work of many buildings. Much property was damaged or destroyed, and many men, women, and children were buried in the dibru, and were only extricated by the moat extraordinary efforts. During the whole of that Monday shocks andtremblingBof theearth werefrom time to time experienced. The general alarm cannot be de scribed—probably cannot be imagined—by those who have never been so placed. On Tuesday, about 4 o'clock a.m, another smart shock was felt and again at 8 a.m. Lighter ones continued at intervals during the day, until at twenty minutes to 4 o'clock in the afternoon, when a sudden and much more violent shock took place. What buildings had been left standing were now thrown to the ground. The native hospital, the gaol, and the remainder of the large stores were completely destroyed. Barrack-sergeant Lovell and two of his children were buried in some ruins.. Upon being extricated, one of the children was found dead, and the other so seriously injured that it died a few hours after wards. The sergeant was very much injured, but ultimately recovered. On the morning of Thursday, the 19th, at ten minutes past 5, a most violent and awful shock took place. The earth rocked to and fro in a fearful manner. The screams of women were terrible, and added to the horror 'and consterna tion of the horrible surroundings; men rushed to the hills, followed by women carrying children; but the general belief was that none would be saved. All this time there were heavy down pours of rain which made the situation still more terrible. The cold was very severe. Turing four entire days and nights terror and dismay reigned supreme. The energies of all were completely paralysed. There followed three days more of slight shocks, but the dread was that these were but the precursors of more serious ones. The few ships remaining in port were crowded from hold to cabin, from cabin to deck, and from deck to the tops with men, women, and children. In the midst of all these horrors the 20th October was observed as a solemn fast day, which was observed with deepest reverence and humility. Truly the hand of the Almighty, to save or destroy in His infinite wisdom, was acknowledged on this occasion. Lieutenant-Governor Eyre caused every ship in harbor to be detained until the earthquake had subsided some days. All the specie in the Colonial chest was put on board of Her Majesty's ship Fly, which was in port at the time. The frequent earthquakes which are so native to certain dis tricts of the colony are, it is said, due to the action of waters, and not, as has been generally supposed, to the forces of subterranean fires. Here my room door is opened again, and the captain of the engine and boiler below, just a little more begrimed and sweaty than when he last appeared before me, enquired whether I could finish what I was about in two minutes, because he had charge of the gas meter, and in that time he would have to torn the tap oft It was his dooty to do it at a certain hour, and his dooty he must do. I prayed for just a little time. I said I was writing private and confidential despatches to Queen Victoria at Balmoral, which were of the greatest moment to the welfare of the world. The man said he was werry sorry, but he couldn't keep the gas in against orders, not if Queen Victoria was the Emperor of Russia. He had a dooty to go through, and he meant to go through with it And this is why this my letter comes to so abrupt a termination, because a man who can't sound his " Vs" is entrusted with the key of a gas meter, and has original notions of doing his dooty. Thk Cauhobhian Kail Cohtract. — The new Colonial Treasurer of New South Wales, Mr. Forster, addressed his constituents on Thurs day last, at OundagaL Among other matters touched upon in his speech, he said :—" With regard to the postal subsidies this colony had been placed in an inferior position compared to Victoria with her Sues route. We bad our San Francisco route, which probably might be quite as beneficial for the purposes for which it was intended as the other, but why should not the two colonies have conducted the negotia tions in such a way as that both might have been placed on an equal footing '• He did not see what necessity there was for us to play second fiddle to Victoria. The arrangements might be made in such a way that both colonies would be benefited, and not one colony bene fited to the disparagement of the other. He thought it quite possible that negotiations would be carried on between the two Govern ments in such a way as to lead to such a result. (Cheers.) He had no hesitation in characterising the late proceedings in regard to the Pan Fran cisco contract with Hall as being, if not corrupt, at all events a series of most discreditable blun ders. If they were not corrupt they came very near to it In using the word 'corrupt' he desired not to be understood as applying an offensive term to all the members of the late Administration. There were some of them who were personal friends of his own, and of whom he would be sorry to speak except in the most friendly manner. But that they were all impli cated in the contract was undeniable. Nothing was known of Mr. Hall which justified hi* being singled out as the successful tenderer. Mr. Hall was not the lowest tenderer, and yet he was placed in the most favored position. It was impossible to avoid a suspicion that there were some private relations between some of the members of the late Government and Mr. Hall." The correctness of the statements which I have so repeatedly made (says the Perth cor respondent of the Melbourne Argu*) respecting the steady progress of this colony (Western Aus tralia) in wealth, if not in population, is clearly proved by the returns published showing the exports and imports for the year ending 30th September, 1874. I shall contrast three years :— The total value of pearl shell exported last year amounted to £58,928, and the value of pearls was estimated at £6000, but this k probably much below the mark. The total amount of exports k about £120,000 in excess of preceding year. Tasxahiak Salt.—Yesterday there was for warded to us a splendid sample (201b5.) of native rait, which had been fairly taken from two tons gathered last week from the salt pan on the Mona Yule estate. The sample is of excellent quality, of a pure white, and in a great measure free from coarseness of grain. The salt pan on the Mona Yale estate is situated in the centre of a large plain, and is considerably lower than the ground surrounding its immediate vicinity. Its appearance is somewhat similar to a large basin greatly magnified, a steep bank running round one portion and a sloping one round the rest. The pan is about three-quarters of a mfle in circum ference, the entire surface, with the exception of a group of rocks in the centre, being perfectly level. During the summer season the deposited water evaporates, and the salt forms a crust all over the lake, which can be seen for miles in conse quence of its dazzling whiteness. The salt is collected into bags by means of ordinary shovels; a hard crust of salt which forms immediately above the black clayey bottom of the pan enables the gatherers to collect the top or finer crust in a perfectly white state, and entirely free from any dirt During the current year three men collected from a quarter of an acre of the pan two tons of pure white salt in a day and a half. One man gathered in two bags four hundred weight in one hundred minutes. There are several tons still ungathered ; and if an unex pected fall of ram should occur, it is anticipated that a fresh supply will be found. In days gone by the salt from this lake was a matter of some importance to the people of the district. A Distinction with a Difference.—The Border Pod writes:—"As some misunderstand ing appears to exist respecting the practice of the Customs officers of Victoria along the River Murray frontier in collecting ad valorem duties on coffins, we desire to state, for the informa tion of the public, that, as far as we can ascer tain, the edict of the Protectionist Administra tion of Victoria goes to say that coffins without the corpse are liable to duty, coffins with the corpse pass duty free. For instance, if an Albury man met with a fatal accident at Wo donga, and his friends desired to have the body interred at Albary, if the coffin were made in Albury then it would be liable to pay duty. But, as unfortunately happened to be the case a few dayß since, if a New South Welsh corpse is coffined and taken into Victoria for transmission to the Melbourne cemetery, then there would be no duty collected either on the coffin or on the corpse." An Abobioinal Shot bt a Constable.—The Binalong correspondent of the Forbes Times reports that Harry Campbell alias Harry Flana gan, a Lachlan River aboriginal, came to an untimely end at about 12 o'clock on Saturday night, 6th instant, by a bullet from the pistol of Constable Caban, of the Condoblin police. For seven or eight months past a warrant has been in force for Harry for the murder of a half-caste near Orange. It is reported that he forced the girl into the bush, tied her to a tree, and left her there to starve; at all events, the unfortunate creature was found tied and dead. The aboriginal evaded the vigilance of the police pretty successfully for a good while, on the Bogan and Darling Rivers, oat finding it was getting rather hot for him he made his way to Binalong, and after working a short time at Melrose station, he thought he might venture as far as this place to join the national sport—a grand corroboree. Constable Caban and his tracker came upon his Boent, but being in the daytime he did not proceed to the arrest. In the evening the constable planted himself about 100 yards from Byrne's publkhouse, in the stockyard, when he heard the yabber of some natives, and at once darted out among them, but the guilty one made a run fer it. Caban at this time must have been in a dilemma, as he could not be sure of the real culprit. However, he was soon put right and gave chase, calling on the supposed murderer to stand, and after repeating the warning three times, fired. Caban was still running in pursuit, but owing to the darkness of the night he ran past his man, and only knew that his shot had taken effect when he heard the cry, "I'm cooked." The ball had entered under the shoulder-blade, pass ing through the lung, and it seems was only stopped by the skin in front from going right through the body. The wounded man was carried into a house, and very shortly after wards expired without speaking another word. At the inquest next morming, Joseph Chappel gave such evidence as to leave no doubt on the mind of any person that Harry was the man wanted. A FiBK-BAIBiNQ Lunatic. —A girl, 18 years old, created intense consternation at Buninyong on the 3rd instant, by setting fire to different places. On the above day (says the BaUarat Courier) the paddock of Mr. A. M. Davis was found to be on fire. This was no sooner put out than the girl was seen attempting to extin guish a fire which had just then broken out in another'part of the paddock. With considerable difficulty this also was got under, bat not before it was discovered that the cow-shed was in a blaze. It was afterwards found that a fire had broken oat in the kitchen—a detached building near the residence of Mr, Davis, which, though situated a considerable distance off from the last conflagration, had been ignited. Then fol lowed tile house itself, which was found to be on fire in one of the rooms containing a quantity of materials used in the manufacturing of straw bonnets. Fortunately assistance being at hand, little more damage was done than the destruc tion of the light materials and blocks used in the work of bonnet-making. A number of the in habitants went in haste to the Buninyong police, stating that a madman was in the neighborhood setting fire to everything. After patiently hear ing what they had to say, Constable O'Neal came to the conclusion that it must have been this girl who was the culprit, and who, being accused of it, admitted the fact without —rigning any motive for so doing. The mother of the incen diary is at present an inmate of a lunatic asylum in Victoria, Smabt Work.—The crowd that assembled on the Sandridge railway pier on Saturday after noon to see tiie ship Somersetshire off, was taken advantage of (says the Argus) bj the light-fin gered gentry to ply their vocation. One very smart young pickpocket named Charles Harrison, alias Bent, was very cleverly captured by Detec tive Foster. A lady was on board the ship see ing some friends away, when she found that in going through the crowd some one had stolen her purse, in which she had a few minutes before placed a couple of diamond rings. Detective Foster, who was on duty on the pier, hearing that a lady had been robbed of two diamond rings, ran to the station and sent word of the robbery to Melbourne, and then posted himself at the gates on the pier to take stock of the per sons who passed. He had hardly got to his post of observation when he saw a young man hurry ing up the pier, on whose finger he noticed the glitter of a diamond. Foster stopped the 'man, and made some inconvenient enquiries respecting the ring. The man said he was a pas senger by the Somersetshire, and that the ring wad given to him by his mother. Foster was incredulous, and on searching him he found another diamond ring, and at once arrested him. The lady, acting on the advice of her friends, went to the detective station, and there to her surprise she saw Detective Foster with her two diamond rings on his necktie. When before the Police Court yesterday the prisoner admitted having the rings in his possession, but said he had picked them up. The prisoner had pre viously been convicted for picking a lady's pocket on the Melbourne racecourse. The Bench sentenced him to twelve months' imprisonment with hard labor. A New Method of Thieving.—A somewhat novel description of thieving (says the Newcastle Pilot), which seems latterly to have been carried on at this port to a considerable extent, is worthy the attention of the police. We are in formed that it is now a common occurrence for a certain class of larrikins to proceed to vessels lying alongside the wharfs, and, waiting an opportunity, drop overboard articles that will not float, such as blocks, 4c. Then, waiting until the ship's departure, the stolen property is recovered from the harbour, and disposed of frequently for a small sum, to any person who may choose to become a purchaser. The thieves thus, in the absence of any person to prosecute, secure immunity from punishment, and so the thefts have gone on until depredations have increased to an extent scarcely credible. Our informant, whe is a most reliable authority, has furnished us with several cases in 'point In one, two blocks—one valued at £4, and the other at £2—were stolen in the manner stated ; sad in another, a new fender, valued at £3, was cat from the ship's side during the night. The Disxasttno of Iron Cuppebs.—The committee of the Merchant Shipping and Under* writers' Association (Lloyd's agency) of Mel* bourne have received a report drawn op at the request of the committee of Lloyd's, by the surveyors of Lloyd's Register of British and Foreign Shipping, on the reports sent home by the Melbourne association on the dismasting of the John Kerr, Loch Ard, and similar vessels. The report commences by remarking :—" It is known that eleven vessels have been dismasted within the last twelve months ; of these, nine were new vessels, exceeding 1500 tons, on their first voyage, and built by experienced builders in different parts of the country, including Liver pool, the Clyde, the Tyne, and the Wear. Seven of the vessels dismasted were bound for Australia, the remainder being bound for ports in the East, except one bound for San Francisco. The most remarkable feature in connection with these disasters is the number of Jarge new iron Bailing vessels dismasted on their first voyage." The report then gives the list of dismasted vessels, and continues :—" The causes assigned by the Melbourne surveyors are—lst. That the vessels were overladen. 2nd. That the stowage of iron was too low, thus making the Teasel too laborsome. 3rd. That the vessels were over masted, the masts being too taut, considering the spread of rigging and weight of yards. 4th. That sufficient care had not been taken in staying the masts, or in the Btrength of head-gear. sth. That the masts were not stiff enough at the deck, and in one case that the material and workmanship were defective." The report dis agrees with the first cause assigned, bat with regard to the others the London authorities substantially confirm the conclusions arrived at in Melbourne.— Daily Telegraph, February 11. Sale of the Wreck of the Blencathra. —The wreck of the iron barque Blencathra, as she now lies at King's Island, together with all her cargo or stores on board or on shore, was sold on Thursday by Captain Lukey at Messrs. Greig and Murray's sale-rooms, Collins- street. The auctioneer announced (the Argus states) that he had received instructions from the cap- tain to sell the ship, but the following protest against the sale had been handed in :—" Mel- bourne, February 1875.—The Master of the Ship Blencathra.—Sir, —Having learnt that h is your intention to sell the ship Blencathra and cargo by public auction, as the same now lies wrecked at King's Island, we desire to express our opinion to the effect that the course proposed is, under the circumstances of the case, not the one best calculated to secure the interests of either con- signees or underwriters as a whole. We urge that the most effective steps be taken to carry out the work of recovery already commenced. In favor of this recommendation there are the following considerations :—l. The huge value of the wrecked property. 2. The readiness with which a large portion of it can be recovered. 3. The fact that a body of men with necessary appli ances has been at work since Sunday last, and so late as yesterday a still further gang of able hands was despatched to the scene of the wreck to carry out the work with vigor, bringing the number now at work up to something like fifty men. 4. The presence here of persons repre- senting the greater part of the cargo, and who desire to see this course followed out. For the foregoing reasons we submit our earnest remon- strance against the proposed sale, which in our opinion would be a wanton sacrifice of the gene- ral interest involved. As showing the interest which we represent as underwriters upon the cargo of your vessel, we append the amount of our several risks, and have only to add that our opinion as above expressed is unanimous :—New Zealand Insurance Company, £6000 ; Universal Insurance Company, £5000 ; National Insurance Company, £8500 ; Pacific Insurance Company, £8450 ; Sydney Marine Insurance Company, £3450 ; United Insurance Company, £2700 ; Adelaide Assurance Company, £1400 ; Southern Insurance Company, £1800 ; New South Wales Company, £580 ; Australian General Company, £350 ; Victoria Insurance Company, £100. By instruction of the foregoing com- panies, William Cleveland, agent New Zealand Insurance Company." Independent protests were also handed in on behalf of the Pacific In- surance Company, and the National Marine In- surance Company of South Australia. In reply to the questions of some gentlemen in the room, it was stated by the auctioneer that all the goods already landed would be handed over to the purchaser. The expenses already incurred would amount to about £800, but all the vouchers would be handed over. It would be guaranteed that expenses incurred would not exceed £1000. The sale was then proceeded with, the first bid being £5000. It gradually increased by bids of £100 to £11,300, at which figure it was knocked down. The declared purchaser was Mr. Geo. Stevenson (Messrs. L. Stevenson and Sons), but it is understood that the insurance offices are the purchasers. New Caledonia and the Intercolonial Ex hibition. —In response to an application made by the Executive Committee of the Agricultural Society, H.E. the Governor of New Caledonia, attended by his private secretary, attended the meeting held yesterday morning, and expressed his desire to see New Caledonia adequately re presented at the forthcoming Exhibition. He was gratified to hear that every successive year ' that colony had shown evident signs of progress, and promised that on his arrival at Noumea he would urge upon the Commissioner, whom he knew was already appointed for that purpose, the necessity of forwarding, as soon as possible, the products of New Caledonia to Sydney, in order that they may take their place amongst those in the Australian colonies.— S. M. Herald, February 16. A Terrible Death.—On Wednesday after noon (says the Ooulburn Herald), the coroner (Mr. Betts) held on inquest at the residence of Mr. W. M. Wright, Inverary, on the body of John Harris, a laborer, aged about 54, and un married, who came by his death under the fol lowing circumstances :—lt seems that deceased came to live at Wright's on the previous Mon day week ; on Sunday afternoon he went out with a tomahawk, saying that he would get a native bear for the dogß ; he did not, however, return, and Wright being away from home, and his wife having two young children, no search was made for him until Tuesday, when Mr. Clark, having called at Wright's house, and being told that he was minning werit in search of him, but without success; the same afternoon Mr. C. Styles and Mr. Glennie called, and they also went in search ; and not far from Wright's house, but not within call, they found the dead body of deceased on the ground with the limb of a tree recently cut down lying across one of his knees; the tree was of sufficient weight to fasten the deceased to the ground so that he could not get away, but Mr. Styles believes that from the softness of the soil he might, had he made the effort, have removed sufficient to release himself. Constable Tracy went and examined the body, and found that the tree rested on the inside of the left knee*; it took three men to remove*it ; there was a wound on the inside of each arm at the elbow-joint and also in the throat under the chin, and there was a quantity of blood where deceased lay ; and a knife with the small blade open and stained with blood was lying close by. Witness said there was no doubt that the de ceased had cut down the tree and had been knocked down by the rebound ; and he believed that finding that he could not extricate himself he bled himself to death to end his misery. The jury returned a verdict " that the deceased died partly from injuries received by the failing of a tree and partly from injuries wilfully inflicted by himself." The Dead Alive.—The public will remember (says the Empire) that a few weeks since a young lady, Miss Hayley, who was on a visit to Sydney from Goulburn, suddenly disappeared from her friends while on a visit with them to Manly Beach. Her shoes, stockings, parasol, &c;, having been found near Fairy Bower, it was universally believed that she had been washed off the rocks there while bathing her feet and drowned, and much sorrow was expressed in all quarters for what was believed to be her unhappy fate. Yesterday, however, circumstances came to light that induced her friends to believe that she had not perished, but was still alive and in Sydney. A search having been instituted in the direc tion indicated by the intelligence received, Miss Hayley was discovered at the house of an ac quaintance in the neighborhood of Rushcuttere* Bay. What induced her to act as she has done is to some extent still a mystery, except that it has been pretty well ascertained that, as in most cases of the kind, it is connected with an anair of the heart The young lady, we understand, expressed herself in the most contrite terms respecting the trouble and annoyance her foolish conduct has given her friends. I 1865. I 1869. 1874. £ £ £ Export* ore .. .. 21,726 10,746 27,934 Exports mikUI wood .. 13,400 32,998 66,922 Exports timber.. .. 15,693 14,274 1S,435 lbs. It* Urn. Exports wool .. .. 1,358,874 1,880,426 2,709,009 £ £ t Total exports .. .. 168,413 256,729 367,417 Total imports .. .. 178,487 2C5.502 400,631 