AIBY LILIAN. " Alonseo Wlie'r thou liefest; (s)he or 110, Or scDie enchanted trifle to abuse me, As late I have been, I not know : thy pulse Beats, as of flesh and blood." The Tempest,' Act V., Scene 1. It was through an atmosphere h&zy; and laden to the saturation point with nicotine that £ looked at length with a- sort of annoyance at Tom, who eat with his feet on the other side of the little open-grate stove which, by a bold fiction of the imagination, was supposed to warm my office. Hie silence ought, perhaps, to have been construed as a tacit reverence for the arguments which I had been advancing with considerable fluency during the pact fifteen mieutes. They were certainly .incontrovertible, sustained at they were by the only too material and acknowledged facte about us. Certainly, bad he been disposed to assail my proposition, that the work of estab lishing a practice by a young physician without connections was one of poverty and misery and long-suffering, the auction-room furniture would have oreaked a denial, my unused instruments would have snapped their joints with indignation in the drawer at the other side of the little room, and the grey ashes that so nearly crowded out the coals from the grate would have glowed again in remonstrance, This last event could not have been wholly disagreeable, sinoe we had been smoking for warmth rather than for enjoyment, and my pipe had gone out in the ardour of dis course. But controversy was not what my heart sought ; rather sympathy. And Tom, to whom my plaint had lost its soul- moving quality by frequent repe tition, replying at first with words that became inarticulate in the struggle to pass his pipe stem, bad then punctuated my remarks with meaning less gutturals, and finally subsided into the quiet of abstraction. It was not speechless conviction then, but quite another state of mind that I saw portrayed on my friend's oountenanoe ; and there fell upon me that sense of loss whioh comes with the oonviotion that a well-expressed and forcible grumble has been thrown away on deaf Oars, Whether it was the unnamed influence which popular superstition assigns to the gaze of the human eye, or whether it was the abrupt cessation of the sound of my voice, something caused Tom to raise his glance and, as it were, to gather him self together, from the scattered oondition into which he had lapsed. From vacancy, his eyes enlarged the visual angle until probably my figure oame in sight, and he spoke : ( Too bad. Diun't you collect anything P' Collect your senses, Tom,' said I, with some indignation at this irrelevant speech. ' So I will ; so I will,' was Tom's unofle&ded; reply, as he drew that long breath whioh accom panies a change of mental oocuo&tion; — or, to speak with more scientific exactness, whioh is caused by the involuntary respiratory muBcles relieving themselves from restraint. ' I was think ing of something else. Now, this mood of abstraction had been grow ing on Tom of late. His occasional visits of friend ship and oondolenoe at my office bad been given up more completely to that fumigation whioh is so admirable an aocompaniment to, but not wholly a substitute for, sympathetic companionship ; and the evidence that he had something on his mind whose contemplation was more absorbing than even the picture of my woes, had at length be- oome irresistible. I have no hesitation in saying that I was more selfish than my friend. Miser able egotist that I was, my own affairs filled my mind so entirely that, although perceiving that he had a trouble, I shut my eyes to the fact, and infliotod myself upon him more persistently than eve It may be that Tom thought himself lacking in generosity while permitting me to unbosom myself and offering nothing of hiB own in return ; or, perhaps the time and the occasion were peculiarly appropriate. Whatever the ease may have been, he was silent only for one moment, long enough to blow a large ring of smoke, thick as a ship's oable, and then to send another, slim as the brace let of the daintiest wrist, whirling through the exact centre of the first, when, jnst as they broke on the side of the stove, he continued : ' Boger, what are the signs of i&oipient; in sanity r The inconsequence of this remark made its substance rather startling. 'What in the world do you ask about that for, old fellow P' said I. There's Maudeeley's treatise will tell you all about it, if you really want to ! know i but you sec, -when everybody is more or less insane, it breaks out in all sorts «f I have to watch for it.' No but seriously new, did you «».. thing in me iMLmade „r. suspect — \- That. eStt&J.; whit I w.„t to t»lk :about, I wmft yod to feel my sketched oat f&Larra; that woffid Uva uSSt xmdablo, iadeCgi had a madman's miudc itepjofcion. 'DpjM it tun along I at toy eyes j a# . the pupils dilated aad d2f Is/there anything bloodshot and feyeruv' Do I avoid your glanoe? Look me strkW® the eye. Now, give your professional judi?. I I must have grinned in a manner most perati&g; to an earnest inquirer as I cased Tom'0 honost faoe and calm bine eyes and i pulM full, .trtuig, and perfeotly .'0 ®11' bM», «. my ante told mo, ?uit« tei0» " ' eight. ' I don't know-as I can trust you, Tom laughing. « You are doubtless as mad as a hare ; but probably there is nothing hem w cite a display of-your mania." ... ' ' It's no fooling matter,' responded my /,;« r ' I want to know exactly what you think whsth I you see anything strange about me.' 1 ' Dear old fellow, Baid I at last, a little trouble your head ie as sound as a nut, and don't von to crack it with poh botheration. Xb«re « surer way to get the hypo than to think about it. ' Well, I believe you,' said Tom. 1, settles the question. If I'm not coins mi, t know what I am.' orML I ' What's that ?' ' Floored.' <EhP' Smitten ! Smashed I Done up entire), f Spooney on a ghost V ejaculated Tom, as if t0 L haust the synonymi of slang in aiding my . prehension. Now, as neither Tom nor myself was even proaching that condition ef material prosperity' which is thought a necessary precedent of inatrh mony, it should: perhaps have been considered ® aot of profound discretion oh his pact fo fall fa lovo, if fall he must, With a creature so ineipeD. sive and intangible as a ghost ; but the statement was not the less strange and possibly alarming, It certainly required explanation. ' That's aboot the long and abort- of it/ oontinued Tom, leaning back his head and sending the smoke through bii um. trils towards 'the ceiling. ' If Fm subject to illusions and that sort of thing. I'm ail right $ is only an inet&e; imagining. If my head is clear, as you say it la, then I won't answer for myestf, The first time T saw her at Madame L'AetraW You don't mean to soy you've been running after that sort of humbug, Tom ?' I exclaimed, in amazement I mean to say exactly that/ replied ho j and , I don't kuoW about Us being a humbup, either ? or, that a lawyer hasn't as much right xo inveeti" gate psyohiosl phenomena as a physician. Rut I was going to stay that the first time I went to one of those materialising s&noes;, I fall in love with that girL' , ' Then she isn't s ghoet ?' Oh, you know what I mean. They call it 1 materialised spirit. I don't mind talking to you about her, Roger, I hare been bursting tc talk to some one. ifind I can't keep it to myself 1 ib ib really growing fond of ma« ' A true spirit-love t" ' And i»n t that the truest kind ? She alvsyi wears my flowers now when she appears ; aad Madame says -that if I am not there, she teeai more shadowy and sad. Two weeks ago, she let me kiss her hand, and when I had a private sitting she really put her cheek against mine. It it wen not for those touches, I should think with yea that it is all a htimbug ; but they thrill me cotf. Then I thought perhaps I was not all right in my head. Perhaps you can't telL Are yon nn?- But your brain is clear enough, and yon eiutt' oome with hie and see fdr yourself/ ' When P 1 This evening,' answered Tom, pulliog out be watch. ( Madame begins her stance at eight. We shall have just fifteen minutes to get there.' The doorway before whioh Tom halted me vu one of those semi public buildings in which roomi may be hired -for any ooaoeivable purpose on ment of tent "deekly in adtancb, whethdr oae i&s; f wish to use them for preaohiug, for xBanafoctrtibi) or for lodging -There was evidently a photo grapher's room in the upper story for padloeked shutters hid what must have beea a remsrksti display of 'art just .intidb on thewdlli of passage. The Wbrds ' Intelligence Office' mooM- the passer in brilliant letters on ene side; &&& opposite swung' a flattened representation of portion of the humaB leg, whioh, when viewed il profile, illustrated the legend of ' Gaiters mad to Order,' and, when seen edgewise, painfully u1!' gested a victim of the torture of the iron b»t« There was of course a dentist up one flight, sad the sign of a patent invention of some sort #1 very fresh at the foot of the stairoaie. The street lamp shone brightly, or the model! tin plate tacked on one of the jambs of the doof way, announcing 1 Madame Estelle L'Aitrs, Clairvoyant/ would have been inviiible. To® preceded me up the stairs, turned to the rUot through a close darkness that seemed to make itself smelt, and olimbed another flight at the top of which swung a dim kerosene lamp, shedding oily rays on two oards of the showiest, order, on® of which read : Madame Eiteile L' Astra, Bon- ness and Healing Medium;' and the other ' Seance To-night while the hand of an unPf®" fessionol letterer had added in rieketty print w neath : c Walk In.' As I followed -my oompanion through the doof, whioh he opened as if familiar with the peouhsl weaknesses of the loose knob and the rttln>| latoh, there smote upon my seneea that, 'odour, in describable in words, which is found os'-T ® apartments bearing more than their share of to burdens ef daily human existence. There was suggestion of tea and toast in the air, with pNj sibly something fried ; a sofa-bed and a ourtsin®® recess, which was doubtless a lavatory, hint other family uses of the room ; a faint flavour 01 wet gingham floated io from the umbrella-st1! in the entry to hffhgle with the scent of the lamp! 1 and when to ti)csa were added the burdened «j fruUHnrm of some dozen persons already assembled for the exhibition, it aid not seem altogether tf credible that from suoh an atmosphere a having synthetic power oouid easily gather w» means of materialisation. 'Fifty oents admission, if you please,' seJ, luge and not/'itokmdly-looking woman psMed into tofe/home, ef mysteries advitoM with an assnmea dignity ladwrouily oat of wjT ing with the nature of her demand. Ah» Bolter ! I am glad to see you. We had.a to"®11 ful iee»anoe last evening, Tbey ware all to I dpw't nftflngot theoonditioDB eo wmony ie easentfaL There was ft P?hie who reoeivea a wonderful teat. It was hfa hj« gjtea faQ yearB ftg0 by the Indians r brph® < j nnder the control of Big he desoribed it exaotly. He gave of the name — J. V. R.-— whioh pre ti»® Snmon initials. Lilian didn't seem in nirits last night, and couldn't materialise, hShands. Ifc waB a «reat disappointment. ov «f. _ 8ho tells me she is never so strong Ct vou are in the room. She draws a great ? TE VOU, and that is a relief to me it is so d( u ZtiJ to my mBgnetism to keep up the sup- her eurrante When she materialises/ the progress of this professional mono- « I had opportunity to regard the person who % «noh fflTn''ar relations with the unseen. She s tall woman, with a frame implying oon- arAble physical power, dressed plainly in blaok S showed signs of wear and of careful pre- . h«r hair, whioh gave intimations of . arranged close to hot head, ahd her faoe Sn'e not yet what might be called aged, showing riw hardness which generally precedes the wrink Si of the skin. Her figure was full, and her 25, when she smiled in welcome of Tom, ap« Lgred pieternaturally regular. Ibii is my friend, Mr. Atkinson/ said Tom, introducing me ; 'I hope Lilian will appear to nieht, for I wish bins to see her very much/ «I have no doubt she will/said the seeress, ad dressing me She told me she would come and bring your fiowere, Mr. Bolter; although the feather is so bad that the conditions are not very favourable. I don't know sb we shall got the I mentioned my gratification, and referred to tbe interest which her name had awakened in me. That is my spirit name/ was her reply. ' They it/c me. Estelle L' Astra — it is Aiwa to lan guage, end means the Starry One. They eay I tar e great infiuenoe among them/ $tors had been several fresh arrivals during conversation, and after collecting fifty cents from etch, Madame L' Astra, whose name, as in- terpreted, scorned sufficiently appropriate, an nounced that 6he felt the influence coming on, uuii that harmony would be gained if soma one wculdeiug. gong was quaveringiy furnished by «g ladies of elderly habit, in whom I thought I ?sw habifufo of the entertainment Nor was the imcny disturbed when, on the entrance of a \\-\ty disciple, the medium, aroused from the magnetic sleep that was rapidly possessing her through sighs and gaspings and contortions, calmly made change for fifty cents, and was speedily under ( control' again Soon tho spirit spoke. It was an Indian warrior fca claimed possession of the Starry One, He enounced hie presence by a whoop, snd he chuckled and grunted as he pictured the spirit forms which he saw standing in that close and sitiiy chamber, now over the shoulder of this, tijtk by the side of another. One he sum. iwr.ed to claep the hand of the medium, and I listen to a revelation from a guardian angel giving hie name as Joha, to the effect that perseverance is the tight will bring happiness, and that the future has changes of importance in store. A Sfomaa, in phase dress there is a conspicuous Vsiencc ot bright colour, is compelled to ply her handkerchief freely as she hears what to her is the lisping voice of her child, assuring her that heaves is much nicer than she expected, and that dear papa is there by his side, anxious to speak with dear mamma at a private sitting with this woellent medium, price two dollars. A substan tial biuiness man hears, with staring eves, the Msertion of a spirit giving bis name as William, to toe effect that the enterprise in whioh he is now engaged is in danger of failure through the treachery of a man with dark hair ; and his alarm ij only partially quelled when the spirit promises to influence bim toward the right oourae, especially ii be will inquire again through the medium. A young man, with resplendent Bcarf-ring and huge dangling locket, is inclined to scepticism, and prone to indulge in scoffing and raillery, until startled into wondering faith by the spirit's re velation of the fact, known only to the young man k!ine6lfs that his appetite is not good in the early morning, and that he frequently feels it necessary lo take bitters. When the Indian warrior adds that chamomile flowers are not so beneficial as ?bcrowcrt, the youth "gives a conscious start, thrusts something into his cheek with his tongue, Ahti slides away to hie seat astonished. Baring all this and much more, I was occupied lu watching Tom's expression. It was that of one bored, half contemptuous, and on the verge of dirguet, Neither did he display ovidenoe of a holy harmonious spiritual frame of mind when Madame L' Astra, shakfag off her possesion, stood with one knee under the piano, and summoned by word stout spirits, who lifted and bumped the e,avJ shamenfc in time to music. It was only j6D, ? fetched two heavy shawls across one aa of the room that a Bpark of interest seemed tofljsh in his face. Jgw,' said he, you may think what y a me about the Indian and the piano. I know you could do as well as that yourself. But you ttwt believe this.' % friends,' spoke Madame L' Astra, ' the aTe been with us this evening have J1'- all acquired the high development necessary , ??? " them to become visible to earthly eyes j ,u'laavefcho promise of Lilian, one who has reached 8 kigher'platje, that she will materialise so far as ® eonditions permit/ there was a brief silence, during which there as evidently much magnetism proceeding from he medium j whose spasmodic twilchings and flut- wyre even painful, 1 am not sure that Lilian will be able ' Here he speech was cut short by a white hand protruded from between the shawls, and laid '"j gently across her lips. Something glittered a,. etouad arm, A sigh went up from the j , y "taoelet!' murmured Tom. ' ' ff ' 3 friend in indignant wonder. ,l j r® you been wasting yeur eubBfanoe on a hsdo» ia that way?' t( was gazing in a sort cf ecstasy at the 'hjicgsh&wla.; Two hands, shapely, and attached "boee symmetry was unquestioned, now Reared, flickered, and vanished. The dim light V | had boon turned down and smelted ' ! Jpcrmiited only two shapes to be seen; when )jVt L seeming to glow as if by the light of its th, n autTi there sprang out, framed between lover mUl " !aw'e« a t'aoe whose bright, joyous tliBT.10?? ,Wtt8 better worthy of tho spirit land Kadi0 1 I e9rtb. The fol is of the drapery were Bsrh. 0 beneath the chin, Slowly they bar,,! , donwMdfor the space of two or, thiei hit« n6j » |iffag ft glimpse of a throat si In wl - M roud M wa# or ®uch a face. toward W 7®" an.d. a ®Pray hung down her bosom. The vision seemed to melt rather than todraw back within the mutsixiBv and now, for the first time, I noticed that its eyes had never been diverted from my fasoinated companion. They were Still upon him as the shawls seemed aboutlto close over the fair faoe, ; when, by a sudden movement, the hill head mid ' buBt came quiokly into view ; a hand oarried what seemed to be a small bunch of flowers to the lips, and with a movement as if wafting a kiss in Tom's direotion, the whole vanished. He was on his feet in an instant, dragging me after him. ' That is all. Gome t come !' And he pulled me out of the now stifling den, down the stairs, past the intelligence office, the patent agency, and the dentist's room, dark and dismal enough for the haunts of veritable ghosts, into the street. I oan'tistay and hear their doubts and ridiouie, or their twaddling belief either, after that, he at last spoke, as we buttoned up Out coats and turned down the street toward mv office. Now, what do you say, Boger ?' I should like to see the young lady in a less dramatio situation— without so muph of stage effect, if I may say so — for it is rather dietraoting to sober judgment upon her/ ( But you understand me. I mean what do you say about me ? Am I under an hallucination, or is that the loveliest creature in the world P'. Although fully confident that the apparition of 'the fair young girl with which the exhibition closed was of the same fictitious' character ae the spirit revelations and the tippiags that had pre ceded it, it was impossible for me to dislodge from Tom's mind the ridiculous notion that the I purity and beauty of the face guaranteed its celestial origin, and that, where all else might be deception, Lilian was a truth. He tried to explain ; to me the differenco in the foeling whioh he ex- iperieneed toward 'this inaccessible spirit-love as compared with that whioh he must feel toward one of less evanescent flesh and blood. The hope lessness of all thought of possession, the intangi bility of the object of his affection exoepfc for a few moments at a time, the brief interviews per mitted, all tended to give an elevation to his pas sion such as no earthly conditions coald produoe. I began to fear that my friend was indeed touched with a mania on this subject ; and as the weeks wore on, this impression was confirmed, and gave me exceeding pain. For Tom neglected his law reading, neglected me, neglected every thing apparently, except the ghostly Lilian. He was a constant visitor at Madame L' Astra's ; and 'twice, as I passed the doorway, did I encounter him coming out with a countenance expressive of such exaltation of soul, that his failure to rcoog- niss me, his old friend, was no surprise, My anxiety was at its height, when one after- noon there came a hasty ring at my office bell. It was not office hours, to be sure, bat at that time these distinctions had little meaning in my prac tice. I was wanted by Mrs. Luat. Ho other doctor on the street was to be found, and I must come at once. The girl who brought the message wore a waterproof cloak — for it was raining — with the hood put over her head. She waited in the passage while I hastily armed myself with rubbers and umbrella, and then harried me along. She led me through a passage, up a staircase, then turning and up again, until she placed her hand on the rattling knob of a door, on which were the words : k Madame L' Astra, Business and Healing Medium/ ( Isn't there some mistake here ?' I asked, for I was young in the profession, and more sensitive to possible association with quaokery, and to other violations of the code of ethics, than I am now. 'Ho, sir,' answered the girl, m a voice of rather coarse and metallic quality. (Thie is where Mrs. Lunt lives. Her other name is Madame L' Astra. Gome right in/ It was the same room, with but a slight change in appearance, while the odour of a stew of some medicinal herbs was added to the compound scent which I hoi analysed on my former visit. The sofa-bed was in its bed-form, and on it lay Madame L Astra, evidently much nearer the spirit world than she ever before suspected herself of being. As I raised my head from a brief examination of the siok woman to ask a question of the girl, who had thrown off her cloak and was standing , at the side of the couch, I was conscious of a puzzling reminiscence. The face I had certainly seen before, yet I utterly failed to recall the oir- sbanocs. It was youthful and fresh ; rather too fresh and obtrusively rosy for refinement, in faot ; the texture of theskm seemed healthy, but coarse ; the expression was that of self-consciousness, with a tinge of boldness; and in. the manner of dress ing the hair there was a somewhat unpleasant suggestion of frowsy display. The features were in their shape not without beauty of a rather striking character, and this was agitated my memory. As I looked I became oonsoious that the feeble eyes of theceeress were upon me, evidently with recognition in their gaze. I bent my head to hear what she was struggling to utter. 'Do — you— know — herP' roiling her eyes in the direotion of the girl. At once it flashed through my mind. Here was the original of the spirit Lilian, in her per- manentlv materialised form, as seen without the accessories of shadows and flowers, and probably pe»rl powder and ohalk. 'Don't — expose — her. I— did it all — for her. She— will not— starve when I'm gone/ gasped out the old woman. ' Luoy !' Well, mother ?' But whatever the poor woman had to say to her daughter was left unsaid. Her strength was exhausted by the short effert to excite my sym pathy for her helplessness. The maternal instinct Wftft strong even to the verge of death, and would have employed -the last breath in the service of the child. When I returned to my office there was Tom Had he at this lime put to me the question re garding his sanity, my answer would have been bo eonnfident that it had been a month before. His delusion bad grown apace. He had indulged in fancies that were actually wild at times. One of these was, that lisoe he oould never possess Lilian in this world, he would serve his own hap piness by getting himself into the spirit world ae quickly aB possible. He would become restive under opposition ; and when, as I met him now, he advanced with the statement that he had oome to say good-bye, wished me to take the key of his room and deliver in the unrnin; a package I weald find on the table, as be was to take the night train and wouldn't be back for some days, I thought the crisis had oome. It required a Sharp awaken ing, or his mania might indeed push him on to suicide. Have you bade good-bye to Lilian and the Madame P' I asked, with as close an imitation of pleasantry as I oould summon up. 4 Lilian, Lilian F said Tom, with the strangest yearning in his voice and eyes 'No j Madame has been too siok to give sittings for a fortnight past. But I hope to see Lilian before, I return/ 1 When does your train leave P ' Oh, it makes no differenoe— I mean, about nine o'oloek, I believe/ ' Then you will have time to walk a little way with me. I have a patient to whom I mnst return at onoe/ Oh yes,' said Tom, wearily, ' I'U walk along with you/ Now, I thought to myself, for an experiment, that will either kill or cure. If Tom would not yield his morbid fancy to reason, he most 'io startling faot. 'Here? You're surely not going up here? said he, as I tamed into the doorway of the pas sage leading to L Astra's apartments, ' Yes,' I replied. ' The Madame is my patient dome up with me. It is a curious case, and I know she. won't obieot to my bringing you in for a'mi&ute;/ ' It makes no differenoe ! It makes no differenoe . now !' I heard Tom mutter, as he followed me along the dim passages. I presumed upon my professional privilege for a purpose of my own, and entered without knock ing. Madame lay as before, and the filial Lucy was engaged in ministering with camphor and other such common medicaments to the sick woman's fancied oomfort. Sho was tender enough in her oare, but outwardly she was even less at tractive than when I had seen her a few hours before. She had changed her gown for one of calico, which, without being absolutely slatternly, had a leaning in that direction. Her hair, which she had worn loose, had- become tangled and was askew over ber forehead. Her face looked redder and ooarser than ever ; and, but for those large and brilliant eyes, I doubt if Tom would have recognised the Lilian of Jhis fancy. Perhaps the eyes themselves would have been insufficient, had not a startled look oome into them as their glance fell upon Tom ; but that he saw it all, and took it all in at onee, I was con scious. It was, in my opinion, an even ohanoe whether his mania would burst out into evident insanity on the spot, or whether his physical strength would collapse, and then probably a run of fever to work off his trouble. But Tom neither yelled nor fainted. All the man in him rose up at once and saved him, half crazed, though he had been. This is what he said, speaking low in .my ear : 'Don't hurry yourself, Boger;. bjut when you get through with your patient you needn't wait for me. I want to speak with that young woman/ What was spoken at that interview Tom never told me exactly. It was enough to know, from the manner in which Madame sounded his praises, at my subsequent viBit, that he had behaved both handsomely aad discreetly ; and, from Tom him self, that his delusion was over. Madame L'Astra, perhaps £ ought to say un fortunately, paid tribute to Luoy's nursing and my medical skill by recovering ; and if the spirits that have gone before thus lost by the postpone ment of what would doubtless have been a dis tinguished arrival, the materialised ghosts visiting this sphere endured perhaps greater bereavement, for Lilian never reappeared. I think this must have been one of the conditions imposed by Tom for his silence on the subjeot; and whatever may have been Madame L' Astra's ambition for her very substantial familiar spirit, it oould hardly have been that of whioh Tom shortly brought me news, in the announcement of the marriage of Luoy Lunt to the keeper of a small restaurant around the corner. 