JSTIANLIFE An Addressljylhcltcv. n B. >tacattnoy,4oHvcrea atthoAsicmbly Hal!, Colllnsntoetrty January 25, and published In Hie Victorian Independent of 1 February 1. My CKt^itlftu friendfi, the public aunouncemant of our meeting has attracted the attention of many both within aud without the pate CluMau Church. For their sakes, therefore, as well as for our own, I proise to state/what ajcactlyis meant by the Sigher Chwstiau Life. The word "Christian" distinguishes the life of which we epoakj/roui all other conflicting or spurious fiystefei "Christian life" is a life enjoyed in the soul of man, and derived from God, through a mediator, the Lord Jesus, and through Hun alone. By nature, all the rich and clever, all the civilized aud savage people of the world are dead towards God, " dead in trespasses and sins." Whenever they come to believe from God's word that they are dead and in danger of coming judgment, they inevitably begin to look about for life. Lift is their eager, ardent desire. To obtain it, to save their own souls, they would sacrifice the whole world. They often go astray in search of it. They mistake doctrines for life, practice for life, form for life, religion for life. They might as well search for natural life in a burning fiery furnace. God is the living God, (lie Source, the Lord, the Giver of Life. There is no'life except in Him, aud as imparted and sustained by Him. This life is treasured up in Christ, and they who seek for life must seek for it in Him. Life for a dead soul, and the continuance of lite, is fouud in Jesus, and nowhere else. This life is draw from God, by faith, in one rich and glorious grant, at the period of the soul's birth. " The gift of God is everlasting life, through Jesus." "God liatli given to us eternal life, and this life is in His 8011. He tliat hath the Son hath life, and he that hath not the Sou of God hath not life." "Christian life" therefore means divine vitality communicated by the Holy Ghost to the soul of a wicked man, who acknowledges his wickedness before God, and who takes Christ as his Saviour /Vow hell; aud it further means the subsequent career of that man just so far as lie takes Clirist, from moment to moment, as his Saviour from sin, in its subtle, countless, and varied manifestations. In short, Christian life is Christlife. Christian life is Clirist liiuiself in a man's soul by the Holy Ghost, Christian life is Christ taken by faith once for all conversion, aud ever after trusted, counted on, and loved as tlio soul's friend. Christian life is a thing of lieaven come down to earth. " The grace of God in the heart of man is a tender plant in a strange, unkindly soil." Christ's life in a sinner's breast,- with a definite beginning, and a principle of progress towards perfection— this is Christian life. But what is meant by the " higher Christian life?" The word "higher" involves three conditions of a soul—of a soul I mean that lias by faith died with Clu-ist on the cross on account of sin, and has by faith risen with Him in newness of resurrection life. To begin with—there is the lower Christian life. Though it is low, in one sense, it is life indeed, for God is herein known as the Sinner's Friend, and Christ is gloried in as the Dying Lamb, and the Holy Spirit causes joy within the. soul, and gives the man power in thousand new directions, and victory in a thousand conflicts', and comfort in seas of sorrow, and calmness in the world's hurry and contentment in the world's rage after wealth, and love in the world's animosities, and peace with the world's care. This is Christian life, and if it was always thus it would not be low; but this state of joy, of peace;., of comfort, and of. power is in most Christians a variable one. . , They are no strangers to gladness, triumph, and soul serenity, but are also, unhappily for them selves, not altogether strangers to disturbing tempers, to the sway of lower appetites, to cowering from the fear of man, to the influence of meaner motives, and to the actual, though temporary, dominion 'of Satau. It is their fitful and imperfect condition, their ignorance of ^he ability of Christ to keep the feet of His saints without sliding at auy time; their unbelief in His largo and most loving promises ;or, worse than all, their determined clinging to some one transgression, tliatcapses Christians to load this lower life—a life that professes entire loyalty to Christ, aud sub mission to His word aud will, but which Ibvers irresolutely, between the sin and the 'Saviour from sin. T1UB "will servo, though very feebly, to show what is meant by the lo# Christian life-*the life of a real Christian, saved and torgiven, who lias taken ChriBt for hisi-efuge from wratli, hut who has not given Clirist His proper place as his Emancipator from indwelling sin. Satau works ; with strange success on the old and carnal nature He-tbriuge it into such prpmijiohce in some believers, in the way of evil ;humQr, ,lust, frivolity, lovo of pleasure, and carelessness about the souls of men, that the world, with its keen watchful eye, pronounces at once upon it as a ease of rank hypobrisy, and brother Christians mourn over it as a grievous inconsistency. My brethren, these things ought not to bo. The Lord Jesus never intended the carnal mind of His people to be dragged by Satan into the forefront, to make the world scoff, and to make believers weep for very shame. He never contemplated a lower Christian life. He gave to each of His -blood-washed people a spiritual life, which He meant to grow and spread till it filled the whole being, which should wrap the believer rouud like a garment, by which ,He should wage victorious war against the world, the. flesh, and the devil; and which should appear to the eye of all men as a heavcidy reality; heaven-born, heaven-sent, heaven-sustained, and heaven-like in its character. Was Christian life in every believer of this. sort the world would learn to think very differently of Christ Himself, and of llis power over out ward and iuwanl creation. The miracle of an evil temper cured by Jesus, perhaps instantly; of a raging appetite quenched for ever; of social habits effectually changed in moment of time; of self looked on with abhorrence; and of God regarded with exquisite delight; the miracle of Christ's present and positive interference with the laws which govern or degrade humanity; of His power to subdue the will to reform aud beautify atrocious character, would stand out before the public eye ; and such a miracle, I say, would carry weight where men disbelieve the gospel wonders. The miracle of a converted man rivals the raising of Lazarus ; and the miracle of a sanctified man is great in comparison with the cleansing of a leper. The Labours connected with the saving and sanctifying the souls of sinners are among the "greater works" which our risen Lord carries on by the hands of His church on earth. Such labor is at once more maguificeut in its nature, aud more pregnant with proof of the reality of Christ's existence than miraculous effort on lead matter. But both sorts of miracles have been wrought to supply the full amount of evidence required by inquiring or hostile minds. Wliat, then, is the higher Christian life ? It is the beautiful, practical, and beneficial result of Christ having poured into the soul of a converted man a fall and abundant supply of His own spiritual life. A man who has no such life lives dead. A man who has only a little of such life lives low, but the man who lias much of the life aud spirit of Christ lives this higher life. The Christian life, which shows most biilliantly, is simply the outcome of a rich supply which Christ lias put secretly There can be no high life where Christ is not continually pouring in a glorious stream of His own life by the Spirit. Show me a man full of the Holy Ghost— that man is walking on a high path. Show me a man walking in fellowship with the Father and the Son—that man is on the high- way of holiness. But is this fulness of the Holy Ghost, this communion of God, a special peculiar privilege, a matter of favoritism, a grant to a very few % Is this higher life a dainty for one or two, a state for an inner circle of saints, or au attainment for some believer with a daring and holy ambition % God forbid! Satan has busily propagated this abominable lie—that eminent piety, tliat great sanctity, that rich clusters of spiritual fruit are as rare as the planets, and are quite beyond the reach of the masses of mankind. Is Christ beyond the reach of the masses? Is His power to save a limited power? Is such His power to sanctify? Xay! Christ, who lias sown the sky with the sparkling dust of unuuinbered stars, could sow the earth with saved sinners. .Clirist, who can save a multitude of souls, can sanctify as mauy as He saves. Then why does he not doit? Why not deal with man as he deals with dead atoms, and make this poor earth shine again with holy and spiritual life ? Why not make the firmament below shine like the firmament above, in heaven's own sacred light ? Why not make earth another heaven by making an end of sin, and bringing in everlasting righteousness? Ahmy brethren, the fault, tho reluctancy, is not His, but ours. This is the very thing -which He desires with His whole heart., For this Ho.came, and labored," and died. All Ho said, and did, and suffered, was that men should be lioly. He rose for it from tho grave. Ho intercedes for it now. He lias made salvation not only possible for every child of Adam, but He has made it so easy of access, a gift so attractive and so free, that tho wondor is so few are possessed of it. Ho has made faith the one condition of salvation, a faith which involves tho acknowledgment of sin, tho truth of God's promise to the sinner, ; and the certainty of receiving tho •blessing. This granting salvation for nothing Jo an^ believing iiimtriSs^ust & mfeahsStB anend.: Tho Lord's object is to get those who accept salvation on further, to lead thenfon to holiuess of heart and life. This being so, it would be surprising indeed if His grant of holiness were encumbered with impossible conditions; if the first step of pardon by the blood was to bo had by " looking," and the second stop of a life-long career was to be obtained by " struggling." It is not so. There is a wide, wide difference between salvation and holiness, between being justified and being sanctified, in one respect, tliat is in point of time. Salvation is offered and taken, taken once for all, and the question of the soul's security is set at rest for ever. The guilty soul is placed in Christ's keeping, to be washed, to be kept into eternity. Holiness, on the other hand, cannot be obtained like salvation, in the bulk. It is a grace and a gift taken not once for all, but taken day by (lay and hour by hour, a continuous everflowing stream, like oil flowing into au ancient lamp, or like sap going from the vine into the branches. Clirist, in short, makes us to be saved so simply, so speedily, that He may the sooner commence the work of sanctification which occupies a lifetime. Thus salvation differs from holiness in point of the time of its reception, but it resembles it in two most important particulars to which I now draw your attention. (1) Both are the gift of (3od, bestowed on Clirist for free dis- tribution among the members of His family. (2) Both are obtainable on one condition, and one only, and tliat condition is by faith. " I am come," the Saviour says, " that they might have life and that they might have it more abundantly." This makes Clirist the Source aud Giver. "Therefore being justified by faith;" " The just sliall live by faith." This makes trust and not struggle the grand condition. I said that the faith necessary for salvation has three parts ; it involves (1) conviction and confession of sin, (2) belief in the truth of God's promises, and (3) the certainty of receiving the blessing from Christ. So I say now with regard to progression and growth. Faith for progress has three parts; (1) con viction and confession of the need of holiness, (2) belief in the special promises which pertain to holiness, and (3) an absolute certainty that the blessing is iu Christ—that it is there for you, aud that you- are going to get it. This is the golden gate of holiness. It lies open night and day, and forms the beginning of the King's Highway; the highway to the gate of Heaven. It is the path which Jesus trod, the pathway of Him who said, " Follow holiness ;" " Follow Me a faith which looks to Christ all along this way; which reposes in Him, and takes a firm hold of the divine hand ; this is victorious faith, aud differs from the faith of ordinary Christians, not in kind but in constancy. Christ, the glorious object of faith, should be always remembered, aud when remembered should be trusted to. If constant faith iu the Lord Jesus is the condition of constant holiness, why are not all believers holy, why do they not gleam and glitter before the world as creatures " whiter than snow?" The answer is easily found. The call of Christ, the imperative command of God that we should be holy finds a warm and thrilling response in our bosoms. We want to be holy not only because God requires it, but we have an inward thirst after higher and purer air, for the courts of the Lord's house. We are not content to be there to- day, as we surely are, iu the person of our Foreruuuer aud Representative, Jesus, the Federal Head of tho family. We want to be there in heart and mind, because GOD is there, and He lias become the joy and home of the soul. " 0 God, thou art my God, early will I seek Thee; my soul tliirstetli for Thee, my flesh longeth for, Thee." Washed from our sins in the precious blood of Christ, clothed in His imputed righteousness, and filled with His Spirit iu the renewed temple of the heart; we would respond to the call to be holy with the most radiant alacrity, were it not for one impediment'—the lust of the flesh, that " in- fection of nature which remains in the regenerate even, and i6 not subject to the law of God." This carnal mind within, corresponding as it does with the world and the devil without, is the grand obstacle in the way of holiness. It is granted on all sides that it is a most formidable obstacle. The question is, is it insurmountable? God forbid 1 Who ever says so is ignorant both of God and of Scripture. God never com mands impossibilities, and Scripture plainly teaches that the way of holiness is to be trodden with this terrible drag upon us, and, in spite of it. Is poor human nature capable of this? I trow not. But that does not touch the question. The real question is, Is JESUS capable ?. We triumphantly answer, " Yes; and we are capable in Him. Faith is power. Jusus 1 draws us upward, onward He carries w,and our burden too " Tlxis/belpyod-friewds, is what I conceive to be the Higher Christian Life; > Christ held by fjaith, Christ living in us, the Holy Ghost dwelling in us, and keeping-our gaze fixed on Christ; and Christ,Tvhen'trusted moment-by moment, working iu us and by us to fulfil His Father's good pleasure—causing us by His strength to cease from evil and to do good—bringing a gradual change over us, till we come into His perfect image; filling us with all tho fruits of the Spirit, and so mortifying iu us all evil and corrupt affections, tliat sinful though we are in -word and deed, in omissions and commissions, we know nothing against ourselves to cloud our peace when each day is done; we look to the cleansing blood to cover the sins of iguorance out of sight; we show to the world not the filthiness of the flesh and spirit, but the holiness which we have derived from the Lord Jesus. The carnal mind is there, but it is as though it were not, so powerfully does Christ keep the old nature under, so gloriously does He prosper His own diviue life iu the souL In conclusion, I need oidy briefly speak of what we must call, for the sake of distinction, "The Highest Christian Life." As pardon was only a step to holiness, so holiuess is only another Btep to the gland aud blessed platform whereon the believer may stand, beholding the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. The fact that holiuess is progressive does not interfere with this doctrine. It is a grand step up higher to know how to be forgiven, and a grand step liigher still to know how to be holy, and to act on tliat knowledge; but that last step of takiug Christ for your Saviour all along the pilgrim path lands you not in a final state of perfection, but sets your feet rather on an inclined plane upward, where the view of God is not broken, and your progress is ever nearer and nearer perfection in His eternal sunshine. Take this away with you, beloved. It will do you good. I have tried to settle the question of safety, and the question of a pure and holy life, for God's own reasons. He desires the question settled, and settled for ever, that He is the Itesting Place for His people, for until tliat lesson is learned by heart—until faith in Christ has become the habitual exercise of the .soul—the .soul will be entangled, perplexed, and ill at case in getting out of its sins, and sorrows, and care, and will have no leisure for God Himself. I am persuaded tliat the mind that is occupied habitually about the question of salvation, or the questiou of holiness, cannot be occupied with God. This is the point of failure—the point where the most earnest fail. They are absorbed in the ways and means of being holy, and are not absorbed in God. By all means ascertain the way to be safe from sin ; but having ascertained it, let your soul forget the question even of your progression. Give it not so much as a thought; for until you get so far that the question ceases to agitate, you cannot study God, or gaze with eager unselfish eyes on Jesus, His only Son. Forget all, all but Jesus. Live in adoration, live iu willing unrestrained service or suffering, and you shall reach the highest pinnacle, the Holiness that gilds the heart, the Holiness that shines on, aud beautifies all those who live lookiug unto Jesus. WELL UP IN POETRY.—A publisher who has a wonderful memory, and a knowledge of English literature so valuable that when a friend wishes to know where a particular passage may be found he applies at once to him, was trotted out for sport at a dinner recently. The venturesome literary juvenile who did so said across the table, " There are some lines in Southey's poems running thus," repeating the lines he had composed can you tell us about what time he wrote them V' " I do not remember to have met with them before," replied the publisher ; " and there are only two periods in Southey's life when such lines could have been written by him." " When those?" gleefully asked the questioner. "Somewhere," said the publisher, "about that early period of his existence when he was having the measles and cutting his first tooth, or near to the close of his lite, when his brain had softened, and he had fallen into idiocy." Maravilla Cocoa*—TAYLOB BBOTHEBS (the largest Manufacturers of Goooa in Europe), having the exclusive supply of thiB unrivalled Cocoa, invite comparison with any other Coooa for Purity—fine Aroma—Sanative, Nutritive and Sustaining Power- Easiness of Digestion—Bnd especially,- high delicious flavor. One trial will establish it as a favorite Beverage for breakfast, luncheon, end a Soothing Refreshment after a late eveniup. KB.—Caution!— " MAEAVILLA" is a registered Trade Mark. Maravilla Gocna-—The Globe says: "TAYWR BROTHERS' Maravilla Cocoa has achieved a thorough BUceeBs, and supersedes every other Cocoa in the market. Entire solubility, a delicate aroma, and a rare concentration of the purest elements of nutrition, distinguish the Maravilla Coooa above all others. For Invalids and Dyspeptics we oould not recommend a more agreeable or valuable beverage." For further favorable opinions vide Standard, Morning Post, British Medical Journal, &c;, &o.; Homoeopathic Coooa-—This original preparation, which has attained such a world-wide reputation, is manufactured by JAYIKJE BBOTEBBB, under the ablest homoeopathic advioe, aided by the skill and experience of the inventors, end will be found to com* bine in an eminent degreo the purity, flue aroma, and nutritious property of the fresh nut. Soluble Chocolate, made in one minute without boiling, - *J?he above articles are prepared exclusively by T&YKOB; BROTHERS, the largest manufacturers in Europe, and sold in tin-lined packets only by Storekeepers and others all ovprthejvorld. Steam Mills, Briok Lane, Iiondon. Export Chioory Mills Bruges, Belgium, 