?In ZIIOKICH ZINDIOAPN. Tile Athenians are to be congratelated on securing a large number of entries for their handicaps this year, but I fear they have spoilt the meeting by allowing some very ignorant " Hnus" to do the handicapping. Whoever adjusted the weights most have a very cur sory idea of the difference between a first-class raee horse and even a seosnd-rate animal; and the almost impossibility of bringing an Ace, Dagworth, Barb, o Don Juan down by weight, to allow the riff.raft.to have a ghost of a show. Ddee the Ipswich handicapper imagine that the Queeesland cattle are superior to thoe of New South Wales and Victoria, that he gives the best hone is Australia less weight than he would have to carrylio a Melbourne Cup? I am pertectly aware that he Ace was sold for the etud some eighteen monthsi4o, and that there is very little chance of his ever esog a racecourse again ; and it is pretty plain, if he does not put in an appearance, what the object of entering him was. Howerer, that had nothing to do with the handirapper, as he ehould only go by performannes, irrespective of condition or probability of the horse being here. I believe, should The Ace start in goyd condition, that the two Ipswich handicaps wounld be mere canters for him ; unless Newbold were her. The Ace was reckoned quite as good as Dagworls, when on thle tarf; in fact, be gare him Sib. nud a beating for Melboarne Cop, 1872. And yet we find Dagworth running second in Melbourne Cup, with Oat. 9lb. up, in the following year; and runnins second in Gold Cup, with 0st. 8b. up, in 1874. Dig. worth was handicapped at 10st. in the Melbourne Cups last year, and he had to meet a far more formidable crowd than we can master in Queensland. I do not see that The Ace would have had a pound too muah with 1Ost. up. However, asI aid before, there is very little chance of our seeing him in Queensnd ; and the seme may be said of Newbold. A locral trainer bid for him, but the Vintorian millionaire, Mr. Chirnside, meant to have him, and he remained.in Victoria. The Prophet comes next, at 8st. 10lb. This hlorse's greatest performance was so a three-yesr old, in 1872, when he won the Gold Cup-leadings bield from te jump, iand winning in mrin. 86sjea. e also ran second to Hamlet for Queen's.Plits, same meeting. ABs a for.year old he won Tattersall's iap two miles, 8st. Sib. up, in 3'40; and at five yesrsh won the Newcastle Handicap, two miles, Pet. 0ib. up, very easily in 3"49. There is no doubtabout his getting to the end of the two miles, if at all himself Cyolops is an unlucky horse; as in 1873.1874 he only snored one win out of twenty starts, and that was a three. quarters of a mile spin. He is by Australian, and aIthough "Augur" says in the Aerarulaeisa, of the 16th instant that he saw him do the best mile lately he "ever saw rua at Flemington," I can't stand him for the two miles against Banco, who in about as well in as a horse could be at 8st. Sib. The old ceteran began with 8st. 8Sb. for the same race last year, and won easily. We then saw him jump from 9st. 2lb..to 9st. Sb., and evcn wore, and win five nonseoutire bandieapsn-a feat necer before acoomplished is Ann tralia. Fo' this he han Sib. taken offbin back. What chanco does the Ipswich bendioapper fanyc he has given the crowd below him . Silver Foe, by Yattendon, was at the stud last lea son. I believe he has been achooling two oerhrts young ones at the Grange, and going very well. He is close inbred to Sir Hereules, and isa model.ofa horse; ho also showed great pace in New Sooth Wales, beating several flyers. He ran second to M'Cullum for the Hawkenbury Derby, and weon the Maiden Plate sums meeting beating MOoultom again, and Horatio, in 2miu. 46djeo ..He aso won Dubbo Town Cup, one mile and a heif, Pat. up. He has never finished up at the end of two mile yet; and as, with one or two exceptions, hores do not run well from the stud, I should prefer not to stand on Silver Foa for the Grand Handicap. Wan' derer has been rusticating up North for ayear or two. His performance at Ipswich last Christmas was net alarming, but the horse was not in condition, and pan be made stones better. These Kingstons a a. rule don't "run on," and report esys the horse has loet his foot. In any case, I should prefer to stand on Zanco, game leg and all. Adventurer I don't know much about, ualtess he is the same horse that ran at Gui gong lant year ; and at the Haw?sebury andTatteraall's Club Meeting at Eandwiek thinycar; however, I think 8St. is quite enough for him. See-saw, by Lord of the Hills, will have to go further and faster than ever he did before to win the 'Grand." The Dirk, I fancy, is too small for a big thing, and no Barb has ever yet gone two miles in good eompnny. I don't know whose colours the Demon's son will earry, but fancy "Honest John" will not put in an appearance this time. Kingston has run well up north,'butcant np badly last year in Brisbane. Zanno holds him afo. Lenas I know nothing about, but Nemo, by Kyogle, oat of a Lord of the Hills mare, is very hot. This is one of the best youngsters ever brought outin Queensland. He was bred by Mr. Dies, and.is ia bred both oides to Touchstone. With 7ot. SIb. up, in good fettle, ho may lead Zaneo and Prbpheta merry dunce round the Ipswich racecourse. He lss hben used at tho stud during the last season, whieb won't improve him, but we should not be a bit surprised to see the big money go to Toowoomba. Mount seems a jSek.of.all.trades, like lory O'More. I don'tbe. liere in thtese hurdle horses is fiat races, and I faney MIoant will show up better over the sticks than smong the flyers. Magnolia is also a straonger to' me. C's. biun is, I believe, a Tamerlana hone, that hba bean running well on the Downs lately, but t amsenptieal about a Tamerlane staying two miles, ltshough they hove a fair turn of speed. Little Dick-i, a Sydney pick-up that has been running small matobes abont the City. Ho won a hack rac in Toowoomba at Christmas, but was beaten in the Hurry curry and in the Forced Handicap, by Statesman and Mstiner, easily. So far bis performances do not look very eea couroging. Mayflower, by Yottendonjis na ne filly, but I bolicve her dam was net quite per eaa, and after all blood will tell-at the end of two miles. To sum up. supposing The Ace and Newbold out of the way, I fancy tise places will be filled byZaneo, The Prophet, and NHme in the Grand Handicap. Tbhe Town Plto contains the same horare, except that the hurdle horse Mount is withdrawn, and Mariner, a Ihorse that has been running at oar Christmas meet ings with very usoderute success, supplies his place. As Nemo mettbis horse as a three- year.old, gave him i21b. and boat him in a canter, and now meets him as a fouc-year-old at level weights,. Mariner's cbance oa the Town, Plate, while Nemo remains in, is very clear. I think the handicapper must habe gote onfueed about thlai stage. In this race I do not ace anything to beu? Nemo, Zneoe, and Prophet, unless the groaundlaverj henry, when a light weight may rua into a plabse. ' For the Flying Handicap we have, besides the above (some of whom are not entered), Louisians, a Dram Major fitly, with a great dash of foot C arem, one of Mr. Bell's ; Vivandibre, snother Drum Major mare, very speedy for a short spurt ; Tam O'Shantel' sid Caprice, two youngsters. Of the lot I preafe Wanderer--if up to his three.year-old form at all the Dirk, and Mariner, with Carbine and Louisiana adjacent.-PoaEoatwa, in the Courier. 