REVIEW. LAWSON. London: Chapman and Hall. "Wanderings in New Guinca," By CAPT J. A. This is a strange book. But for the respectability of the publishers, and for a certain matter-of-fact style of narration, one wpuld be inclined to class it as an ingenious fiction; and style, notwithstanding, the final impression, .-upon ' the .reader- is that •he has. been, perusing - a narrative of real wander ings largely interfused V with r ; ; imaginary discoveries ■ and adventures. ■ . have -spent eight or nine months- in New Guinea, and to Jhave ! 'almost- crossed the 'island ifrom'.aouthrweat to ; north-east in itsbroadest part. --Ho-has discovered an ;anthropoid-ape more human-than.the gorilla or the chimpanzee; a Kike 70 miles in length, l a cataract]! higher than Niagara'and 900. feet in width, and,'! finally, the highest; mountain in the world; higher by '4OOO feet than the loftiest of.the Himalayas. The half.of;these great ; , wou!d= suffice .to.insure. Captain Lawson an the careful lack of any means b£..verificatioU supplied by •the narrative' leaves the reader with the impress on';, that these wonders areapocryphal. ' • .; ; Captain Lawson arrived" from Sydney in . Niw', Guinea Jon:; the :21st; June, tlSZlj--lauded at a -small village; in.. Torres Straits, and immediately started vn. his tour of exploration, accompanied by two Australian’ natives; a,Lascar, and. two Papuans. . ’He describes his •transactions with :.natives,i; laia;’ ascent'-of/mountain ; ranges, and daily course of travel in a plain homely way," much as ■ a-Lander or 'a Stanley. might be ■supposed' to 1 do. ' The' '' following • would- 1 imply 1 that Waterton’s dictum, thatl.no ' monkey 1 was ‘ evbf known to use a .missile,..applies., only, to • the South American species. ■ “ Whilst ’ marching’’finder some wallah trees we were maliciously attacked by. a.' large 'troop of monkeys, whb pelted us with wallah nuts and with their, excrement, and’.uttered a; wild scream of -delight when they observed that their sudden assault had been successful. A regular volley of the hard nuts fell about bur heads and'shoulders ' with such force- ithat, .being unexpected, . we were, smit ;ten -with.' dismay, and scrambled out of the way in - a ; very undignified manner. • • Upon - re covering myself, - I- laughed heartily ■ at the' ridi culous figure we had cut, upon which one old fellow,:who seemed; to be tbe-leader of the troop,.ran out on a branch that hung over my - head aud delibe rately spat down at me with all tbegravity of a human being, a trick that I had never known a monkey to perform before.” Afler this- we have the ascent of a volcano in active eruption, and under the date of 11th September,-.',three months after leaving the, coast, the following:—“My attention was attracted by a hoarse whimpering sound, proceeding from behind a large detached piece of rock. Cautiously approaching I peeped through the bushes and saw two monkeys of gigantic size, and the most human-like shape of any that I have ever seen. ; One (the female) was sitting with her -back against the rock, , her-arms clasped round her legs, and h«r chin restiug upon her knees. The male was gathering the apricot-like fruit recently described, and bringing it to his mate. While she was eatiog it’he bestowed many caresses upbfi her, utter ing the hoarse sound that had arrested my attention, and ' which ; seeoied : ; to' be a note of affec tion. Motioning - Aboo; to aim at the female, I covered:the. other with.my,rifle, and we fired simul taneously. The male was. instantly killed hut the female ran up, a tree with the most horrid outcries and'.diabolical .distortions of face. A second shot through the cheat brought-her down headlong with a crash that shook the ground, but even, then she had sufficient Strength remaining to get upon her feet; and I had to "fire a bullet through; her-,head-.lromiiny pistol before she guye up the ghost. The size of these monkeys was—the male five feet three inches, from - the sole" of the: foot to the crown; of- the head, and forty-two inches round the chest. The female was five feet in length and 39 inches round-the chest. Both were horribly repulsive in feature, yet humanlike to; an extraordinary degree. The forehead was not so low as in most apes, nor the nose so flat.. The eyes were' small and deeply sunk, in the head. The jaws very powerful- and projecting like' those of a negro. The lips were rather thick, and . the under one turned down in a kind of a pout.. The skin of the . face was very much wrinkled andof a swarthy brown color; but there was no hair either, upon it or on the throat. The hair of the body and limbs . was of a " dull lead color. On the backs of both it was. nearly - aU worn - off apparently by rubbing against the rocks and trees. The hands and feet were also quite bare. Each baud was provided with foiir -fingers ’and- a thumb, but there were only: four toes on each foot. Both fingers and toes' were provided with nails: like those of-a human being, but of a dark; color.” Some other par ticulars' are added, which make one look upon the unprovoked slaughter of these animals as little sho t of wanton murder,' especially when" we are informed that their skins could not be harried away,-an 1 their bodies -were - left , to the. vultures.:. .The , great discovery, ; however, is . that., of ;the.-' highest mountain on the ’ globe. The - writer -says:—.“-All the forenoon was occupied in making preparation for the ascent of the-mountain, whose summit was still enveloped in clouds.’ ; But, nevertheless, I could form some idea of its vast dimensions and height from the broadness of the base and the distant views T had of it. I calculated that it was 30,000 feet high. It proved to-he' 32,783 feet above the : sea level, or .30,901 feet above , the surrounding country. It is by far the highest;mountain known.'-.--’.'High mountains as a rule rise -from elevated: table land, and:,they,are ofteU less tha'n’one ; half as high as’ their maximum height above the sea. ’But it is not ’ so’ with' Mount Hercules, as I named .it For. the plains .in its neighborhood are less than two.' thousand feet above the"sea,- and'many of:the valleys ;afe 'several-hundred feet lower, than the, plains';-so that it rises in the full ■grandeur of its height, dwarfiogthe chains ot moun tains that run along its southern side, and frowning over the level, country to~ the northward like the watch-tower of. some ihuge- giant.” ''Pressing forward towards the north-east, coast,‘fiur, author'next dis covers two large rivers, and upon one of these, which he names the Royal, is situated the;cataract, which is ■thus' described:—“ We reached the falls.'' For an hour previous to that: time.: the.roar of ' the falling water- had- ’ been • perfectly deafening. The; sight itself was appalling. A mass- : of- water 300 : yards wide, rolled over the precipice into the. fearful gully below, -raising a misty cloud of spray; manydiun-. dreds of : feet high. -.- Not a ’ single; rector islet!brofie > the enormous body of water, but it fell in one-inagni-; Scent .sheet the, : depth, of -179 feet.”... .Beyond i this cataract the meets’’’with Hostile natives i ■when within; 30 ;or; 40 miles .of his destination.:- Jn,an j encounter with.these, he’dbses two'of his men.'ond forj reasona ? 'that vr ßeem inadequate:, he^ ; sbandona, hisj purpose, makes . a'”'wide and ".li 0 O'*; and- -returns to -jug starting- point, the village r Tin~ Torres" Strains. Ha describes the, centre of the island as uninhabited, though visited by roving tribes. The inhabited land forms a belt of. from 60 to 120 'miles; round the centre; and though the villages from .iwhatjhe could learn are pretty numerous, they are of '■ small) size and contain but few people. “The charac teristics of the surface of the island ; are very varied, and I met with many mountain ranges, as will be seen ; by;tlie foregoing nanative, the principal.of which are the Papuan Ghauts, and the chain of which Mount Hercules is the chief point. Two volcanoes were met ! with; .by,--.me, besides. smaller and f extinct ones! in ‘great'-'number: -' Tlie 1 -plains ‘-are- exlien'- sive ! and numerous, hut .” confined to the in terior, and though there are tracts of inferior land, there is none that may be called poor or barren. The vegetable kingdom is represented here by millions of magnificent species; indeed, a New Guinea forest is truly a grand sight, while'for the glorious'splendor of ; the jllumage of the birds no country can compare with it.” I The country would appear. to be fairly well ■watered, and of the mineral productions; -&c.;, Captain Lawson thus speaks;—“l know that the natives collect gold-dust in small quantities, and silver is so common amongst them as to show there must beextensive mines somewhere. Copper, lead, iron, and tin are very abundant, as are precious stones, but few of the latter are of much value. Good-pearls are procured on the coast.” The explorers were frequently oppressed with heat, though the range of the thermometer men tioned does not appear higher than is sometimes ex perienced even in Victoria; .; Captain Lawson quitted the jisland in 1873, having' thus'spent eight- months- there.'- -Theret sre many either designed or unfortunate omissions jn; his narrative. His personal history- leaves us without a clue save the names of bis publishers, to his identity. He gives us the height of mountains, but.fails to inform us'hy What* pfocCss'he arrives at 'his result. Neither on his track chart nor throughout his book does he mention latitude of longitude, no bearings are given,' scarce'-a point'; of the compass noted. The* 5 statement that' l six: or’ seven* hundred 'miles from his starting point he and his . Papuans could make themselves easily understood- is one diffi cult of belief. The description“6f thev fauna may be correct as far as it goes, but there are striking omis 'sions, notably that of the tree-climbing kangaroos. &c.; 'The vefy frekdabld,-;;andf-Miy safely taken “ cum yrano satis." ' ' 