JOUHAAX GUTHZVBERG, THE PRINTER. (From the Printers' Register, Aug. G.) On the 14th August, 1837, nearly two thousand strangers visited the city of Mainz to do homage to a man who was the author of the most noble and most usefill invention of his own or any other age. These strangers were the " wise men" and learned men of every country iu Europe ; all of them were men of letters, and many of them so in a double sense, for they were printers. Among them was the late Charles Knight, and in his Penny M'agazine (December 31, 1837) he has given a feeling and touching account of the subsequent proceedings of the illus trious strangers. At eight o'clock on the morning named a procession was formed, and it marched to the grand old cthedral. Here the Bishop of Mainz celebrated High Mass-testifying to the bond of union which has over existed between Religion and its hanid-maid Literature. After that he displayed, with all the re verence due to it, a copy of the first Bible that was ever printed; for the reproduction of the Holy Scriptures was the first result of typographic art, and it haIs ever since remained one of its principal, and certainly one of its most useful, labours. In the square hard by the cathedral a vast amphi theatre had been formed, wherein were seated the representatives of the seve ral countries, under banners indicative of their nationality. Amid the roar of salvoes of artillery there was then unveiled the statue of the Inventpr of Typography, Johann Gutenberg, and it was to do honour to this occasion that these two thousand people had gathered together. A hymn suitable to the event was sung, and the air was rent with the applause which followed. The commemoration lasted three days, and then the delegates dispersed, to carry home with them memories of one of the noblest " demonstrations" that his tory records. The sculptor Thorwaldsen has repre sented the great proto- printer with his c Bible embraced in one hand, and with c the other holding some mebd types, the a outward signs of his invention. . The peculiar gown of the fifteenth century 1 happily drapes the figure. The face of a the statue was copied from the best n portraits of Gutenberg, and even the fur collar of the gown, and the fur cap on 1 the head, are carefill studies of costume. a On the pedestal are several bas reliefs. , In one of them the inventor is examin- I ing matrix, in another comparing a proof, with a manuscript. Noble as the monument may be, a Gutenberg has many nobler ones. 4 His Biblia Latin?u Vulgata is one of t these, because it was the first worthy outcome of an 'art to which it has been truly said " we owe the destruction of s that medieval philosophy which might r have reduced European civilisation to I the level of Chinese; and the spread of r the'liberal knowledge which made the I Reformation possible." A copy of the d book was sold only a few months ago by Mr Quaritch, of Piccadilly, the cata logue price being three thousand guineas. But every printed sheet that was ever issued is also a monument of Guten berg, and .the humblest elementary E treatise on religion, science, arts, or literature, is a memorial of his incalcul- t ably beneficent invention. It has remained for the present cAn- b tury to learn accurately the history of the life of Gutenberg, and authentic a particulars of his discoveries have been ascertained only in our own time. 8 For centuries his fame had been over shadowed by the impudent assertion of the partisans of claimants whose pre- n tensions were as baseless as those of p Arthur Orton. There is not any trea- h tise on printing that is not disfigured by erroneous statements as to the time, d place, and author of the invention of 1 typography. To Dr. Van der Linde the world is indebted for the exact in formation it now possesses in. regard to the orslines typographic's, and it was as late as 1870 that the learned Doctor t published the results of his researches. English readers who cannot peruse the ' original Dutch work, have fortunately an opportunity of consulting an excel lent translation by' Mih J. H. Hessels; and Mr W. Blades, the author of the "Life of Caxton," has been the medium I of introducing the book in its English form. With this advantage, let us briefly sketch the life of Gutenberg, free from the fables, fancies, illusions, and blun dora of his biographers. He vwas' the i son of the patrician FIrielo zum Gens fleisch ind of Else his wife. We know little of liim till 1434, when we hIear of him at Strasburg. The most authentic documents extant concerning him are those connected with his suits-suitsI sigiminst him for money borrowed, and suits inihis behalf for mnoney lent; to gether with a love siit, in which hlie was the defendant to an action for 5 breach of promuise. His native town I had neglected to pay him interest due . Sto him, and he caused its recorder to ie imprisoned in default. He was, how ? ever, induced " by his own free will, in ' honour and love of them" [the birgo master and council of Str~sburg] to re- 1 :lieve the recorder from his imprison Sment, and tlhe town of its debt. He was more of a patriot than a financier, b : obviously. 1437 Iandy Ann hbrought v .uhil before the opiscopaljuldge at Stras- p br,' gig for breach of promise of marriage, g ': and he relieved the' lady of hlier distress e and disappointment, and himself of the g Slegal results of his lactes, by marrying her, thus adding to his other traits ofp : :character gallantsy as well as patriot- t ism. In the archives of Strasburg '"there is the record of a law suit, of,the m Syear 1439, in which Gutenburg was tile ,as defendant and one George Dritzehn was n w ...the plaintiff. In this document men- qt tion is made of n-press opened with two 'rl little buttons, and formes of metal; as ex \- well as of the application of tlhie two to .prm the art pf printing. Gtitonbeig seenms th then to havo lieen engaged iti experli- t t . ments.of some kind, and Diitzehn to Ge have entered into partnership with him by supplying him with money. G) The two men engaged in another enter *ly prise connected with the manufacture ty of looking-glasses, to be sold at the time ho of a pilgrimage to Aix-la-Chapelle, ad which possessed, in 1496, relics of the or first rank, such as the swaddling re clothes of Christ, his body-cloth at the of Crucifixion, and the dress worn by m Mary at his birth. m We know for a certainty that Guten re berg was again living in his native te town in 1448. On the 6th of October y of that year he borrowed 150 guilders .s --for he was as much characterised by of pecuniary embarrassments, and was e. cons:quently as inveterate a borrower, as any of his followers at the present g day. It ought to be said that it. is it very probable this "chronic impecu 1\. niosity" had much to do with his inde d fatigable industrial experiments. By ,f 150 these experiments were brought to ,na successful result. I-I was then ready a with the art of printing. "Instead of . having any longer recourse to small ;t pecuniary loans, he could make the e rich Mainz citizen, Johann Fast ,s (dialect for Faust), understand the 1 ;c importance of his invention so clearly . .e that he supplied him in August, 1450, s first with the funds necessary to the o establishment of a printing office, and 4 i. afterwards with a sum of money to "e keep it in work. For the first amount the established printing office remained 1 e security; for the second, Gutenberg i r gave the value of his discovery and his n labour, of which the profit and-loss c f would be divided." t There was merely a financial con- s t nection between Fust and Gutenberg. 1 1 Fust was virtually owner of the pi4int- I oing materials, and partnerin the enter- t t prise for employing them; but any one i else might have supplied his place had a 1 he the means, for Gutenberg alone was t V the possessor of the brains of the con- 1 f cern. t Worthy of'the genius of Gutenberg i was the first work produced. It was I the Bible, in the language -of the a church, and was completed in 1455. A copy to be seen in the National Library I at Paris, has this inscription to the first t rolume: " Et sic est finis prin'u Ipart's h bibliie scilicet veteris Testamenti... "; a and to the second:, " Iste liber illumi- b natus, ligatus et completus est per Hen- ti ricum Cremer, Vicarium ecolesim col- v legiatte Sancti Stephani Maguntinte sub v anno dni. millesimo quadringentesimo a quinquagesimo sexto, festo, assuintionis a gloriosm Virginis Marine. Deo Gratias ii alleluja." It contains 641 leaves--324 o in the first volume, 316 in the second; fi and every page is in two columns of. e 42 lines each. There are neither signa- a tures, folios, initials, nor catchwords,- v and the ink;,probably of soot and gum, a is dissoluble by water. The first edition, ii so far as is known, was printed on s; paper: all statements to the contrary. h however supported, are erroneous. We t make this assertion in this place because g paleotypography is but imperfectly un derstood, and the remarks of critics on this subject are usually founded on ii defect of knowledge or of judgement. The point is ably brought out in' Quaritch's Catalogue, " Bibliotheca ' xylographica, typographica, et palmo graphica," of October, 1873. . While Gutenberg was occupied with. this Bible, he produced smaller works. A Apprentices were engaged, among them being Peter Schoeffer, an excellent V caligrapher, who in 1449 was living as a scriptor at Paris. Another apprentice . was Albert Pfister, originally a xylo grapher, and the first who established " a printing office outside of Mainz. A Gutenberg, however, wa~s but a poor man of business, and in 1445 Fust tom pelled him to reliniquish his platit by: a" legal process, ostensibly to comipel him to render an account of what had been done with the money. The act of the notary relating to this matter is pre served on vellum at Frankfort and at ur Mainz, and is the first record.' which d treats of the art of printing. We aio P sorry we have not space to reprint the translation of this deed, which is given y in Dr. Van der Linde's book. It ap- t, pears from it that Gutenberg borrowed I 800 florins in gold to finish his work, ei andl whether it was to cost more or less' t was no matter to Fust, and that he was to pay six iper cent for the loan of the money. Fust declares that he lent him other money to the amount of 'about * 800 more florrins, which he (Fust) had borrowed from " Christians and Jews." p The tools were to remain as .security. In this way Gutenberg's oflice came. into the possessior of the money lenlei.; who took Peter Schloeffcr in' hand and t1 onabled him to carry on thd business. tl Schoeffer pleased hi. pawnbroking .pia tron so well that he obtained his only li daughter, Christina, as wife. The criafty' money lender-to go-between of the ' usurious Jews-thus secured for him- tl self, his son-in.law, and his darhghster, a the whole result of poor Gutenburgns invention and lU'oiract9ed toil. Fustin d or after 1456, when he had legally'rob bed the inventor of hIis whole stock of d types and copies, made a second issue i of the Bible, to. which all the velqin copies and ihost of the paper copies. now extant belong. Schoeffer pub- a lished several other books, cut and camit e new types, and engaged more assistants. The inventor had again recourse o s borrowing, this time to Dr. Humery, o with whose assistance he bought new i printing materials, and complet'ed ad gigantic work-the , Cathblicdh, laft , olaborate Latin giammar' and etyrmolo gical dictionary ,in five divisjonsb' 'S Balbis. It was.na folio, of 373 leaIves,... printed on 'vellum and paper, and in the pious langiuge of the age he thus speaks of himself as the chosen insntru mnent of God to do his w'ork; "By the assistance of the M Idsb 'High, at wlidse' will the tongues ofchildren Iecome elo quent, and who often reveals to babes what heo.conceals fiom . the ,iso, thuis excellent book, Catholicon, has been printed an!d completod in ther year of tlhe Incarniation, 1400; in the tbwni: of Maini (whic li belongs to the glorious German nation, aind which.l God han h consented to prefer and raise with such an exalted light of e mind and flee grace above the otl r nations of e the earth), not by mean of reed, or a pencil, or pen, but by a admirable harmony, connection, an regularity of punches (patrices) and fories (matrices). Therefore to Thee, Hol Father, Son, 3 and Holy Ghost, threepld and only God, be given praise andjhponour. Let those who never cease td praise Mary, accord also by this book, with the universal anthem of the'chuirch. God be praided'r .. ' .. This is nearly the lash of the typo graphical labdurs of Gutenberg himself, Ibut his art soon spread throughout Ger. many and subsequentlyt throughout Europe. We hear of himagain on the 17th of January, 1464, is being ad mitted by the elector, Adolph II., among his courtiers or chamberlains. He was to remain in thip service as long as he lived, to be cldthed by his patron every year, and to be supplied annually with twenty mdut of corn and two voer of wine, "on condition that he shall not sell it or give it away." These wretched alms were doled out to the inventor of typography until his death, which was sopile time before 1468\. The second money leader, Dr. Humery, meanwhile took fullipossessioi of all the types and presses. Thus died a man of patrician descent, the discovrer of the greatest art. that 'had ever been devised; yet who was embarrassed all his life by pecuniary difticulties, and at his death was bur dened with debts; after his type, presses, and tools, his home in fact, had been several times seized and taken from him by his ruthless creditors. In the me laiicholy history of great inventions there is nothing, perhaps, to equal this in sadness. Go.tenberg died childless, and was soon forgotten. IHad it not been for an epitaph made not long after his death :by his kinshman, Adam Gel thuss,'and printed in 1499, we. should hot even ,have known that he. was buried in the church of the. Minorites at Mainz, T..orse, however, than the injustice he:had sustained during his .life' was the injusi;tice done to 'hisi 'nimory not long after "his" death.' Schideffer's 'sun and gi-arnilson attemptdtl to 'rsob; Giteh berg evenof thie, onour ofhoiso inven tion, and their scandalous. s eatements were copied. and obtained nearly: uni versal credence. The' sixteenth and seventeenth centuries accepted'the lies, and opened the field to all manner bf impostors,.and 'to the flagitious claims of many ambitious localities, Haarlem foremost among. the number. .In the eighteenth century the spirit.of research aind of scientific investigation Iwas de voted to the subject, "and soon cleared away a heap of mendacious claims, and in the nineteenth century, as we have said, tlio glorious memory of 'Gutenberg has been 'tirdily vindicated, and the true history of tile iiiveritor of typo graphy definitely ascertained. 