A MODERN MUNCIIAUSEN. Qrom the Saturday Review.) "WiiKN a new writer comes before the public with his report of a country hitherto unknown, and invites its acceptance of adventures and observations not a little in advance of the experience of the powers of travellers at large, it is not too much to look for something in the way of credentials, if not for the good faith of the tale he has to tell, at all events for his competency as an observer and a reporter.. of the means of access to general confidence there are 1 none perhaps more potent or persuasive than such certificates of trustworthiness and responsibility its go with the possession of rank or title in the public service of the country. Army or navy commissions, admitting as they do of being readily verified, arc | a meng the for ernest of this kind of credentials. A which has only to supplement his? name will I a increases for which the Army or Navy | Life may be consulted at a glance, and the public will, need no further introduction. "Whittier novelty or marvel he may have to tell will not li.-"', be listened to with the deference arising from it stood preliminary inuleistniuliiig. Respectable ii . i accidents, it is felt, will be forthcoming if' needful. t 'Hine is a character to be lost, or a tniilv-earncù are pulling n to be in in jeopardy. This is why the varnished work' of a "duly author still ]iref'c>sor must' of necessity, carry with it a weight which no ' nameless aspirant can hope to tU:.:n by the meienrrpy of his facts or logic of his arguments. were then this professional milk must bear the stamp of public warranty and the mean s of critics alien. It is not because any man in dub himself professor of insect killing or of' curing smoky chimneys that we no to bow down to light as to an unquestionable authority, even in his special line of cutt pi busi miss. Mankind at large will hardly accept on his own showing Professor Holloway as the nu- c edited rendered till the ills of the flesh, or see in Professor fireirons the unchallengeable " strongest firing ::' the world." Anybody in these days of liberty may make fun with rank and title, within certain wide limits at least, and consequently it the "mire behoves these who possess thegenuitiebadge to guard against a possible confusion with wen term, of the spurious of tide. It is in no spirit of idle curiosity, still Iff s out of any captious or sceptical turn of mind, that MC ask why Captain J. A. Lawson omits to tell us in what service, or in what country, even on what is clement, he attained the rank which his title-page exhibits. Far be it from us to restrict the claim to such a title within the pages of our muni Army or Navy, or even Volunteer, list. If won by colonial service? e, it would all the more prepare us to go along with the waiter as one likely to face and to accord new incidents of travel with sorrow 'I of the fitness which comes of' experience beyond the ? routine of home life or the jog-trot ideas of the Old "World. "We confess ourselves at the outset at a kiss in what aspect or capacity to speak of Captain J. A. Lawson, mainly because he for bears to speak of' himself. king- at Sydney, he tells us, in November, 1871, he formed the resolution of exploring the ant lion of New Guinea, a country that had a great charm for him as being but little known to Europeans, and therefore affording a new field for the naturalist and adventurer. On his qualifications as a naturalist, as shown by what chas to observe touching the fauna and flora of the novel region traversed, we are spared to a great extent the responsible task of pronouncing by his own modest admission, borne out as it abundantly is by his own pages, of a want of all previous study of the kind. r It is under the second category that he comes more strictly within the range of our criticism. late assuredly, if Mr. Disraeli's test is to hold good that adventures are for the adventurous, Captain Lawson goes some way to make good his title. Contradictory reports prevailed in Sydney respecting the char acter of the Papuans. Instead of being fierce, treacherous, and thievish, as more commonly supposed, Captain. Dobbs, of the Nautilus, who had done a good business in trading to the island, described them as gentle and inoffensive,' albeit somewhat given to thieving. With brandies ship our author resolved on li listing his fortune's, leaving Port Jackson late in the month of May, 1872, For the purpose of trellised in a country where Wines or oxen, even if safely' transported thither, would be useless, till depended on providing suitable bearers. These were to haul in the persons of Toolo, a Lascar, who had been two years in his service, an intelligent and faithful fellow, and three Ausii lilian aborigines, Tom, Joe, and Billy, who contested to having led a vagabond isle kind of life, but had picked up a little learning, two of them being able to lead very tolerably. Tom bolted up the country before the day of sailing came, but the rest of the party were limited in due course at the village of flounce, on the southern shore of New Guinea. This place is described as' containing 263 souls, including Kilce, the old chief, and five or six " oranges " ci magistrates under bird, living by fishing and by ( titidiiig'wilhtho'DutcliI'Iwho take from them spices, etc iigi>,"giiri)b, sundry valuable woods, and bark, birds of pin disc'', skirts' of monkeys,' secateurs, and pearls of an inferior kind. Like ' thc"bl!ieU races, at large, they are mostly di mask as long as rum was to be had. Their huts wcic'seattiied about under fine trees, and had large and cultivated gardens attached, growing pumpkins, yams, bananas, cocoanuts, and other fruits and vegetables. The people were very friendly, and, though they at first laughed at Captain Hixson's idea of penetrating into the interior, did all in their power to serve them, for twelve dollars apiece per month, two guides were secured put of a number of anxious volunteers, having a smattering of English, with a little Dutch, French, and Portugese. Aboo, the eldest, about fifty years old, was a most repulsive fellow, with the mark of a tremendous sword cut across the face. He was only four feet' three inches' in height, but strong enough to lift four or five hundred weight with ease. Dallang, thirty years' younger, was also very strong, but lazy, and' for a Papuan very good looking. On the 10th of July the party made their start, with no more baggage or equipment than a small quantity of tea and to flee, some medicines, pickles, and preserves, a set of instruments for observations, twenty-four pounds of' ship biscuit, andhalf-a-dozciibottlesofbrandy, whereof we are not surprised to find that two were smashed by a stumble on the part of Billy, who, before this, had been found helplessly drunks-having drained another bottle and earned for himself a hearty thumbing." Game being pronounced abundant, they depended for' food upon their arms, Captain Lawson carrying a double-barrelled ride, a fowling-piece, a, sis eli.n fired pistols and a cutlass, his attendants an old musket each and their knives. For a long way their road lay through dense forest, skirting a' vast salt marsh or,half-dried ann Of the sea. Splendid timber, was met with one tree like a European elm', was measured, and found 137 feet in height, and 81 lect,7t inches round the trunk. Parrots and monkeys swarmed in every tree and yielded int'enmnablcsphrt. Tlicwallah tree also at pounds, heming nuts the shape and size of small lemons, insipid unless roasted. Teak, camphor, laurel, palms, and bamboos are, plentiful, besides what Captain Lawson thought to be a sandal tree. Tangled creepers and parasitic plants for an agree- able and sheltering growth, this utter silence at night presented a strange contrast with the hubbub of animal life during the clay. Now and then distant Shots were heard - a sign that the natives, strange to say, had fire arms. A village was passed from time to time, and all available hospitality shown by the inhabitants. By the bank of a large river a herd of fifty or sixty deer were sighted, the old buck chopping to our traveller's rifle, and ere long three cross | discs emit puddling down the stream, attracted by the lord of the animal, their appearance setting the party to light. Another huge deer, of a species he had never seen before, and called by Aboo day in line, was found killed, by a Coolah or tiger, who had been head" long into the I'iplit crunching its homes., The terms of the Coolah kept the native followers perpetually on the issue of.. To this animal we are indebted for the most lively part of the initiative before us. It is the means of bringing out an amount of prowess on the part of the xx. river which may rose to envy the most accomplished and venturous of" Eastern Shckarries. It is not every one who would even in imagination feel equal to facing a wounded tiger, and despatching him with a knife :- , " Finding himself distanced, the moolah, who had lost the use of one of his fore legs, turned back, and again came towards me, before I had time to ram home a bullet. There was nothing left for it but to ' rm., and run I did till 1 Wciitspiawliiigovei a fallen j trunk. Before I could rise the beast was upon me. and with a growl of satisfaction and anticipated vengeance, as I thought, took me into his clutches. I had a long dagger-knife in my waist belt, mull drew it with all speed, and fright lending me more than my usual strength, I drove it up to the hilt in the creature's side. Turning savagely on feeling the pain, it seized the knife in its powerful jaws and broke it. It was its last act, for immediately, it fell dead without a groan and with great relief of mind I extricated myself from under the carcases " Upon hearing my call my companions came up. They w ci e rather alarmed, for I was drenched with the incident blood, and I have no doubtcutajghastly figure; but they soon regained their courage wheat E they saw the dead body, and were correctly that they had nothing to fear, personally. With Me ey-' section of a few trains bruises and scratches from the animal's class, 1 was unhurt. My escape was certainly remarkable, and a cause for great gratitude toward the Almighty. i , > 'Ibis moolah, a female, was exactly like that of Bengal, but handsomer, 7 feet 3 inches from nose to end of tail. A male, 7 inches longer, was dropped shortly afterwards whilst devouring a deer. The Moonah is peculiar in giving out a screech like the hyena, though ten times worse; a more horrifying outcry, lasting all night, intensified as it was by humble val tries-, our author never heard. He might have thought the first haunted by demons. To fall into I themes of a creature like the Coolah seems, however, far from being the quietus we should expect to I find it, The Inseal Hilly having gone to sleep on his watch, our author was roused by loud cries just in time to see a huge Coolah disappear in the jungles with pom Dallang in his mouth. Happily," care any thing could be done, the black walked back again, somewhat badly bitten about the arm and shoulder. Her- report was that, being suddenly woke up and dragged along with unpleasant roughness, he begins to punch violently at the creature with his right fist, which was free, whereupon, astounded by the strange resistance it met with it left him lying in the purple.' . "? - ' Dm author can speak of having been himself and! having seen others in the jaws of a tiger, but this change of Darning was the most marvellous' that evtr.c.'in.c under his notice. He had himself as hair Incatlth an escape horn a wild bull, who made a rush at a receiving a bullet in the shoulder : "'the impetus of his rush was so great that the hull was cut tied twenty paces beyond me; but he wheeled instantly, and, taking no notice of a shot li mu Aboo, rushed down upon me more fiery ely than in the first), chin go. I was fairly unnerved, and rain with all my might to gain the cover of a clump of' lies list grew close at hand. Iliad almost reached them when I felt a terrible shock in the roar, and became aw inc. that I was spinning through the air. I KIL on my right side with sufficient force to knock the breath out of me, but providentially I did not lose ct i fciousncFs, or else my bones would have been It It to crumble to dust on that solitary plan, for Lucius had not done with me; yet. Before I had lent to collect myself and attempt to rise, 1 felt his feverishly hot breath puffing on my face. He tried hard to give me, and several times rammed down his head at me with tremendous impulse; but, by needing my body quickly to either side, 1 continue to escape the blows. My pistol was still in my tin, shed I drew it, fired four shots at the bull's and, which had the effect of confusing him a little; but how matters would have ultimately ended is very fine Ltlul, had not Aboo come up and put a bullet thought the brutes shoulder, which brought him down across my legs with crushing weight. It was no easy matter to get from under the enormous car case, even with Aboo's help and when at length I was ICleased, Ifould badly burned, so much was I shaken and bruised. However, no bones were broken, and I had cause to be thankful that I had escaped with my life's' Beyond feeling a little faint, and requiring to be pulled found by a draught of brandy, which we are glad to find held out so long after being served round repeatedly during the march, aided by a score or so of leeches, which the faithful Aboo ran and fetched in a trice, no great harm was experienced by car travelled from a tomb which, by Aboo's calcula a lion and his own, wish at least thirty feet. Nor is it in endurance only that his ohio to eclipse the fame of ordinary men of sport. His powers of sight and hand OJC equally above the common. He thinks no thing of bringing down one of a herd of wild goats at I a distance of at least six hundred yards ; while those who have hitherto had most to tell of the animal life of New Guinea have never been able to sight an individual goat. Monkeys seem to have abounded of a ' time they met with by previous explorers in the African forests; amale 5 feet 3 inches high being bring it down by Aboo, his mate, 5 feet in height and as it lies round the chest, dropping from a tree at the same time to sea shot from Captain Lawson, with a crash that shook the ground, yet retaining strength enough to get upon her feet until a paste 1 bullet made her give up the ghost, Both, Though horribly repulsive, are described as human to a degree which almost makes one shudder to hear their slaughter spoken off so coolly. The forehead was not to Trewavis in most apes, nor the nose he flat.. The skin of the face wuuwiuikled and swarthy, but had no hair upon it. Each hand had forefinger and a thumb, but there were only four toes on each foot. Tinge is and toes alike had nails like those of a humans being. Aboo had seen plenty of this species before, always some distance inland, which must account for their never having been noticed by voyagers familiar with the coast. By the natives they are called, we learn, Kalangadoo, the " wild man,' their cry being luce the whimpering of an idiot. Our n pi ed that the carrying powers of the party should have been unequal to bringing away the skins of I channels to rare and precious is merged in that with a wilkie we hear of the mischance which befel the enfin'tltck of spoil, accumulated by them in the journey ; a desperate Wis with a native tribe, in w he is poor Joe and Danang'wero killed and all the go out ii d chattels lost, making it necessary to beat a retreat when the North- eastern coast was by calcula- tion but twenty or thirty miles distant. These ".-.-". ,",,,.,"",,, ......... syringe" IA UU ll[ least a hundred years old, is a question which' we! wish. our traveller had put, seeing that he had picked up byhis lime a considerable knowledge of the Papuan ton's v? hereof he treats US to a specimen, front time to time! the river Royal, for example, discovered and named \--,-,- a.". the." with the fish that dwell in them, while his three brothers, 'Am, Looshoiig, and Dillali, made the earth', plantains and animals; and their sister, Mousing gai o'being to all winged creatures, as birds, bats, and insects > Only one language, he writes, is spoTtbn' either Island though of that many of the words are derived from" the Malay, Hindostnncc, Chinese, and other intrigues. He found it easy to learn and pleasant-sounding, being spoken with a clear, a distinct pronuncia- tion, without any disagreeable guttural twang. The w lliitdostniice words, Can have -, made, their, way into 1 regions so secluded to all appearance 'from. utter course with the world, at large is "one of the many things which readers"of^Cáptain lawson's bbok'miiBt I wish to see explained., in ,J1U'J';'"' Among the main geographical discoveries Reported by Captain Lawson embrasure of reuters that of the liver Royal, a while, broad below jts'ctmfiWnde'with the. Gladstone,' which must fall into the Indian Ocean near the S.E., point of thousand. It seems strange that the outfall of so noble a/Stream/should have escaped the notice of the navigators who, from, time immemorial have thronged, tliCr,, lands Sett, Torres Straits, and islands, adjacent and of the surveyors to whom we owe very fine charts of the archipelago, whatever mystery may have hitherto shrouded the interior of New Guinea. ipAVéxtensivp i Johnnie Range is also reported,' in great part extinct. Near Lake. Alexandrina, however, '}697'Ifcfct?above ; the season dense column of smoke'w'ns'féen'ïoilowing which, for fifteen miles, a tremendous "crater was reached, and found to be three miles and a-quarter in circumference.' The summit was scalded hush; hours time, and the interior foundation perpendicular for descent, which was also precluded by the smoke and sulphurous ' fumes. Mount Vulcan, as the Papuan Etna was named by him, 'is estimated by our author to be 311,7 feet from base to summit. The smoke and fiery glory made a welcome landmark on the retreat of the party, '.is'did'also the mighty come, his crowning geographical glory, pic tin ed in the frontispiece. Mount Hercules, which he entrained at first to be 30,000 ket! highjiand,conse- quently the highest mountain in the world, 'proved," MC read, " to be 32," "We could wish to calculation. The only _" is that of the thermometer, which gradually sank to TI degrees below freezing point.' 'Nothinfc'is^snid of its having been boiled in order to"gétithc'elevation. All that the party are reported as having theó with them is a supply of food and tracer their arms and blankets, and" a stout stagecoach.. Carrying firearms up a snowy mountain > higher than Mount Everest might be thought uncalled-for as a precaution, not to speak of Üie.inipcdinicyitit might present to climbing. Captain Lavysonliappjly shows himself all through a man not easily disconcerted. Number as he and his party are said to have been the blood flowing from their noses and cars, their lips and gums, and the skin of their faces cracked and bleeding, and the staves falling from their hands they're ei cable to pick up new life from the unfailing mandy, enough to set them at the top Seeing that their start was at 4 a.m., and that they got safely down by half-past 7 in the evening,' our readers will allow that this was an exploit flies to grow one of the most' remarkable series of adventures which have been recorded in our time. .? ,r v J 