THE POETRY AND MUSIC OF IRE | LAND. By HeniiV Giles. lRBLA.fcii is a land of poetry. The power of the past there, over evry imagination, ren ders it a land of romanee. The past is yet an actuality in Ireland ; iu all other parts of th® 'British islands it is a song-. The tragedy of Floddeu Field moves a Scotchman's feelings, but it does not disturb his business ; the battle of Bannockburn calls up his enthusiasm, but though it keeps him late at the bottle, it never keeps him late from the cpiinting- hoUse. 'The imprisonment of theUoet king, Jamie, softens nis auevuons, out ic leaves uis juugiueui; per fectly clear on bills of exchange and the price of. stocks. Even thebattle of Culloden is gone long ago to the cajm impartiality of things that were. The Welshman takes English money without remorSej and says not a word about the assassin King Edward, and the murder of their bards. Even the English themselves hav but faint remembrance of the Heptarchy, the revolt of the baron, 'the Wars of the Roses, the death of the first Charles, and theabdi cation of the second James. Bu events do not pass away so rapidly in Ireland. Ireland is a country of tradition, of meditation^ and of idealism. It has much of the Eastern fueling of passion added to fancy, with continuity of habit, as in the East, Connected with both tiassion and fancy. Monuments of war, princedom, flnd religion cover the face 'of the land. Tlie meanest man lingers under the shadow of piles which tell him that .his fathers were not slaves; He toils in the fields or lie walkfj on . the highways with structures ? before him I that have utood the storius of time, through \ which the wind echoes. with, the voice of cen ? Juries, and th4't voice ia to his heart the Voice ' df MaieitS} of dobri&rny; an4 #1' ii'ftinl- fl. W« would pen no chilling word respecting^ the impulse of nationality that now seems astir in Ireland. We honour everywhere the sprit of nationality. We honour the glorious heroism which, for an idea and a corivibtion, if it can not do, can always dare and die. Much thei'e is in Ireland that wo most clearly love. We love its musiCj sweet and sad, low and lonely ; it comes with a pathos, a melancholy, a melody, on the pulses of the heart, thataio other mUsic breathes, and while it grieves it Bobthesi It seems to now With long complaint over the course of ages, or to gratsp with broken sobs through the ruins of, historic fragments of historic thought. We are glad with the humour of Ireland, so buoy ant and yet so tender j quaint with smiles, quivering with sentiment, pursing up the lips while it bedews the eyelids. We admire the the bravery of Ireland, which might have broken, but never was bent— which has often been unfortunate* but which never has been Craven. We have much affection for the Irish p.lVnrflo.tfir. We pive unfeiened praise to that purity of feeling which surrounds Irish women in the humblest class, and amid the coarsest occupations, with an atmosphere of sanctity. We acknowledge with, heartfelt satisfaction that kindred love in the Irish poor, that no distance cah Weaken, and no time can chill. We feel satisfied with our humanity, when we see the lowly servant-girl calling for her wages, or drawing on the savings-bank for funds to take tears from the eyes of a widowed mother in Connauglitj or fears from the soul of an aged father in Munste'r. We behold a radianCe of gf ahdeur aroUnd the head of the Irish' labourer, as lie^bounds, three thousand miles away at the sound of Repeal, at the name of O'Connell ; and yet more as his hand shakes as ho take3 a letter from the post-office, which, rude as it may be in superscription, is *a messenger from the. cot in which childhood }ay ? is an angel from the fields, the hills, the streams, the mountains, and the moors where in his boyhood spdrted. We remember with many memories of delight, too, the beauties of Ireland's scenery. We recollect the fields that are ever green ; tlie hills thdt bloom to the summit ; the streamlets that in sweets ness seem tb sing her legends ; the valleys where the fairies play ; the voices among the glens, that sound from her winds as with the spirits of her bards]; tlie shadows of lifer ruins at moonlights that iri pale1 and melancholy splendor appear like the ghosts of her ancient heroes. 