LETBURN REEFS. A ooEaBSPONDEHT, under the signature of 'An Old Reefer,' sends us tlie following : — Having been attracted to the Loyburn reefs from a paragraph I read in your journal cou ceruiug tlio same, I wish to inform my fellow diggers and the public in general what is doing and what has been done duriug my six weeks stay on ttio field. The principal reef here is the Perseverance. The prospectors hold a claim of four men's ground, and considering the time they have been ?working, which is about two aud a half years, one is astonished to sec so little work done ; but the fact is, the men know nothing whatever about working a reef. It is a great pity to see so nice a reef muddled about as it is. After two and a half years' work those meu have only raised about 180 tons of stone, and that from .a vein averaging eighteen inches thick, and embedded in soft blue slate. From this claim bos been crusliod a parcel of five tons, of which I shall have more to say hereafter. No. 1 West is si claim of six men's ground, and is under the management of a person of the name of James Ryan, who, I must .say, thoroughly understands his business. They Lave iu this claim a well-defined reef, two ana a half feet thick in places, and, from what 1 know of reefing, I should expect to see this claim turn out one of the best on the line. No. I East is a claim of six men's ground. They have a shaft fifty feet deep, and expected to have cut the reef iu a very few feet, but owing to the turn things have taken by the crushing of the prospectors, they have decided upon a temporary registration. Now, with regard to the crushing of the pro spectors' stone, the result of which caused the registration of several claims, as well as a par tial stagnation of all milling matters, the pro spectors — silly fools as they were !— entered into an arrangement with Bell and Co., machine owners, to give them fifty tons of stone to crush ? — Bell and Co. only charging one ounce of gold per ton of stone for crushing (not a bad reel' that would realise it), for they Nay it could not be done cheaper, as they had to send all the way to Gynipio for a practical mn.ii to superintend the crushing. After a good deal of delay they commenced crushing upon stone that would warrant two ounces to the ton ; but had the stone contained ten ounces to the ton, I .should have staked my life that they would not have saved a Ofth of it. But seeing everyone so sanguine of success, I did not like to damp their ardour at the time by shewing how, if they continued crushing iu that manner, they should lose nil their gold ; and seeing also tint the prospectors themselves were quite satisfied with what was doing and what was done, I thought it would have been presumption on my part to offer a hint. AftcrcruRliing a parcel of five tons, the proprietors ot the machine decided upon washing up, aud the result was seven pennyweights to the ton. You may imagine the disappointment. The public may not understand me, but my fellow-diggers can, when I tell them that tiic Btauiper-boxcs contained but two ounces of silver after five weeks' crushing ; that the tables were as flat as a plain, and that it took the united efforts of the manager and two assistants, with mops and brushes, to keep the tables clean, as well as an extra hand at times to dig the sand off the blankets, which blankets were never re moved or washed once during the five weeks' crushing. How, then, could it be expected that the stone should turn out well after such treat ment} Still, I am confident that the stone from the prospecting claim and No. I West will pay, and that handsomely ; but nut if they allow it to be crushed by men who know nothing whatever about the saving of gold. Ae a proof that the stone is ijnyable, .1 few of tl» most sensible of the miners, not being satisfied »vith the treatment the stone re ceived, waited upon the Warden (Mr. Cardcw), and he kindly consented to ask the prospectors for ii ton of their stone, to be crushed under the supervision of the niinnre. Tlmy acceded to the request, aud the result was one ounce and three pennyweights ; aud the miners arc fully satisfied that had they bcenallowcd to remedy the defects of the table, they should have saved a third more gold. I must not forget to add a caution to my fellow miners who may be passing through, not to be led away by idle re ports concerning these reefs, for at the present time there is not the ghost of a chance of the bou&/ule miner getting a job, unless he be a good drinking mini. It is a great pity that those men who have embarked capital in the reefs should not do their business direct with the miners, for they are the proper men to appeal to for informa tion — their opinions arc backed by experience. But here the opinion of the miner goes for nothing. If you were to complain of your gold being lost you are simply told that you know nothing of it ; one has to stand by aud see his own gold washed away before his eyes. There is one thing I am certain of, that the miners will have uo more stone crushed under the pre sent management of the machine. March 15, 1670. 