PAIRS LETTER. (FIoM OUR OWN connEsroINDN'T. PAmns, November 17. There's small choice between rotten apples, according to the prover , and the steeplechase antxiety to produce solutions for the stato of the country, are too un a mnd to invito asleotlon. It is felt that in some way or other Franoe will as usual fall on her foot, in serviug holself and disposing of her own destinies. The dissolution in the cry, and a IRepublio without phrases the wish ; but no whore does any one speak of national souicide. Thebo otficial organs nasure nt, Allah be praised I that Marshal Macmahon has no ideo of attempt. ing a coup d' ctat, so Parisiane con slhop tranquilly, and representatives deliberate in peace. The age of coups d' etat besides is pest. The tranquility of France, as an eminent writer once stated, depends upon two causes; that men's tmitlds be satisfied, and that their stomachs do not suffer. B th these centres of content are ill, but not diseased, for their owners arc resigned. The country is a model of ipatience and reason many trials have afllo o:l it since the peace, but it submits to all without much c m. plaint and with few murmurings. Its patriotismn is on trial ; it glven no unasel. neos, and demands only to pork and to live. The siakness arises from parties who Ignore what alone is possible in the conditions that events have created for France; they pro. mise, however, to save her. on condition that she will surrender herself to them irst as her lords and masters . There are projects before the Assembly mtfoieiam±,±stif.?llaetes, all ideas. Yet 'none oan a mijorfiW tooyýJfanyc?ue'-et them into Iwi, beoause the only m.jority that can bhe formed deals, not with posuibili ties and realities, but with chimeras; chronic helpluasnens is thus the result, anl the dis. solu:ion is, the only sovercign :cure. The Septonuato may be considered as only awaiting a splendid funeral; it is a cake, but dough on both aides; it is the sending tufilcs to a nation demanding a shirt. The Legitimists have declared hostilit ca against Mamahou's ofices, and not a little unlortu. na ely against himself. But the times are so passionate, that if one were as pure as fee or as chaste as suow, they cannot esocac calumy. Not a Legitimist who o monunes with his heart and is still, but ean say of he' chief the Comte de Chamhord, he " Allureo from afar, yet, as I follow flie,." The Mo. derates seem inclined, as Bob Acres, " t fight to prevent misunderatandieg ;' they are always fusing and are never fused; they are holding out, like Goldsmith's ru.ties, to tie each other down. Tao Bnapartists make use of every friend-every foe, and assure the world in the moet innooont fashion, that " the Slya are tno rogues." However, till they conquer the Republic they are no danger, and, once the country is constituted, they will retire like other phantoms. Matters are so unsettled, no thing being cleaa save the dissolution of the Assembly, that The doctrine to day that is iyait sot tidl, a" Toorrow may bring us a halter." In great emergencies, says Puff, there is a nothing like prayer. Tao Bishop of OrlInons has issued a Pastoral, calling upn the faithful of his dice so to pray for the As anm bly. Many hold it to be pnst praylog for, andt hence, perhaps, why the effort is toin be t Indulged it a fortnight helfmro it remoets. "A tout peohu miserioordo." The docu. ment Inviting to prayer does no: recall the best daysos the famous prelate; it has all the heaviness, but no:hing of tie mellowness of a-.e; its massive rhetoric is larded with L"tin, and is full of hesitations and i(nonse quence, because it is a pleading in favor of the Septenoate, which is only an ambi. guity. lie attacks both ths Legitl iesta and the Republicans; the latter, with Thiers at their head, being a disciplined troop of deo magogues, beyoud the pale of sal.ation. But the Legitinmistsit seems in opposing the Septennato, display hostility to the very designs of Providence I When will cultivated people reliuquish the repro. henslblo practice of seeing the finger of Providence ia parte politics and lobby comn tinations? Whe Franceo decides to have ht--.t.;alh. li.nm. altomonct oontrollhcg her destinice, by rteoeupying Rome andi recog. aining Don Carlos, or his arcals ameo Serrano, she will never pass by IIonri V. Paris is about electing a newe munic'pal council, the present was almost like another famous body, chosen too in a day of mis fortune. The aspirants for civic glory are basing their olaims on their politics ; busiceas aopaitty Is a mere s ondary consideration. Sumo of thel out-going councillors have startled us, by proposing as the very essence of deonoeracy, that their services ought to be remunerated. Dr. Johnson observ I,- "that whoever wrote fo: nothing was an ass ;" to diacharge the honorary duties of citl'zreahip it appeaa is nothing botter. Yet the u aee thousands who would gladly give their ti'c.e free, grati., fur nothing, and th-re is no eed of iaclkstairs influence employol Io na:ure many publio appointments o.a the amo t rine, front the presidentship of a eavi ge hantk, down to the functions of a roli-ving ef(licer. lanu everywhere likes to be cluth d i. little brief authority. The voters hu. a stro-ger claim for payment, as of late boteven legislative,muvicipal, anedcoinmunal elections, they are constantly on the road. During the first revo'ution citizmas wore paid two f ancus a night for attending the sectional meetigs, and no bot:er plan coull have been divined for a curing a crowded audience. Too national guards did not restive one half that stum for defending Paris against the Russians, another unpalat able, and untimely projve', is that for taxing cap tI ; the richer you nrc the more you woual bo bled. 'his in tes lip oh the oar of communism. An Income tax is one thing, but to strike capital-even worn it poasible -is not at all the same. Too Cenvuntion establishe I a progressive tax on capital and incomes which, at a certain stage amounted to confiscation of revenue, a> that the rich were as badly off as the poor. iowevoer, extremes meet. sappily such " an equal division of unequal earnings," has not the ghost of a chance of bheng applied. Af. Guifat was considerred as the Po o of the R]formod Caurch, France, and it is rumored his mantle has fallen on his son.in. law, le. Crnrlis do Witt. Tihe schism amoeng the Protestants is alsutn'ng very ;. rave prop rtions, and very likely the miolstry will have to invite the A*sembly to untie the Gordian knot. There in in the qlarrol a greoat deal of bitterness ; co rollgioaoist, like the mou nbors of a united family, are far from imitating tho.e little birds that in their nests agree : "---laith by echcl man is asplied To ono sttall sony, and all ars tima'ul besld t." The law an-I the prophets ara certainly not in favor of one, o le tilenarly twu equal sent!ona, eecuirn:g the ether, ancd yat those who ctlemn I to he ortfifel hy oo fessiot of faith, as well as tlhoo who prefer flndilg stroengl in liberty, hanv reasons and prjluclfpes that cmust be rospooped. I'erlhp , I'rotestantism huro may baonee as sphit utpc as in Evgliaeud. nod whiah etndo a Poioheaiata deplore, that ii gland hale threo hlundrel relgior.u but only to ia nsee. The latest at isltiOs of the P.onoch lray ?er,, takiten in 181, then theoro wtrn 811 arhbsiaops acnd bileeepc, 4,.117 vicears and curus, ancl 30,100 ouraten; the nmhoer of P otoslt',t ,l-rgcstn, was i18. T icro are 3113 religil, c oune mnnti e, pososaa-. itg nt'nry 15,'00l pri e:lpal or hranoh eet, bliuhmeeti. ,upleortlng searly :0O,000 I?,?orsois o' ioth exo?. The landld. preperty oweed cy thuce o nneuitll.isa is valesd at over 10t mtillions of fronas, produolin ao tnlleeal reveltnien o' over :3 millions, todu. Ion lont of i l million tn to orln of donnations atd b quOete. And there oro oynlca who scy stilt that Iaitih is clnead I 