'^^PgJ^ENCl :BESE" AT ST. KILDA. / There was fa crowded attendance on Monday at the -concert and "-spelling bee" held in the Assembly Hall, Grey Street, St Kilda- The concert, which was opened with a brilliant pianoforte boIo Jby Mrs Charles Clark, took precedence but-thongh' ifche musical proceedings were of such a-chih'icter that under ordinary circumstances 'they would have been by no means uninteresting, it was quite evident that those present had but omcpurpose-in-attending. " - ---- After the interval, Mr Hingstoń came forward and delivered a humorous address on the'iiisti- .tutinn .of the^pelling bee, -extolling -it,-not--es -a means of curing the non^jhonetic style of English W spelling, bnt as a powerful'instrument in promoting the close study of "our peculiar orthography. _He invited, those. who wished to take part in the contest to come forward. A good number of gentlemen, of all ages, immediately stepped- on to the platform, but the ladies at first hung back, though a detachment of" sufficient strength was shortly got together. .Mr John Wilks, mayor of St Kilda, presided, the referee* being Messrs St. J. Pinnock and Dr Robertson. The ladies and gentlemen having been drawn up in two lines, facing-each other defiantly, Messrs Hingston and Gillespie proceeded,to, question competitors. - The sterner sex weri favoured first. The plan pursued "was to question each 1" bee'" in succession, those failing to spell a word without hesitation being politely told by the questioner. tliai they might take a seat, or rest their weaiy limbs, terms synonymous to expulsion from the circle. The tiret unfortunate male was he who placed a "t" alter "alien," and a gentleman who laboured under the hallucination that "gollishes" sufficiently expressed the articles which are .worn over boots on wet days followed him. The " physognimy" of a third speller darkened soon, and an elderly orthographist made an "atricious" attempt at spelling. "Chaos," "chasm," and "abyss." then were announced by the torturers, who had evidently been studying "Paradise Lost," and the tone of subsequent questions, such -as differentiate," &c.;, suggested Tyndall. The entlemen began to fall fast, while the ladies were glib in their answers, and in a short time the last man but one -was killed after oscillating between two "i's" and one in. "oscillate" for a considerable period. The ladies, who numbered about six, then got a series of perplexing queries, but they showed more caution than their deceased brethren, and beaming eyes .were turned towards the ceiling as though the aid of the gods -was sought under such difficulties as "plagiarist," and "prescient.": "Rhythm," however, reduced 'the number of ladies to three. Another gracefully retired after being relieved of the -delusion that " Utopian' began with an "e." "Tocsin" was phonetically invested with ań " x " by a competitor who had borne-the heat of the battle bravely, and the last lady, Miss Bradney, was left to do battle with Mr T. A. Thomson, of Collingirood State school, against whom were hurled tlie colossi of the dictionary. " Phlegm," " cedilla," " eleemosynary," "aggrandise," and "abridgment," were unavailingly put,but Miss B. at last spelt " abysmal" with two " s's," and gave up the ghost, taking second prize, the third being awarded to Miss M'Culloch. The excitement became intense as competition narrowed, cheers being awarded to the spellers who successfully delivered themselvesof orthographic uioutlifuls, while signs of disapprobation were manifested on the superintendents giving out technical terms. The prizes consisted of " Chamber's Information for the People," " Shakespeare," and "The World of Wit and Humour," three elegantly-bound volumes. Another spelling bee will be held in about a fortnight at St Kilda, and -judging from the success of Monday night's entertainment, it ought to attract a large crowd.— " Daily Telegraph. ? 