under the verandah. The political barometer points to stormy. £he protectionist party' b aye comp to the ; Conclusion that the proposed changes in the .tariff are not only objectionable in them- selves, but that they are the preludes of tvorse thiBgs to come. It cannot be denied that the refusal of the Treasurer to. impose a -duty upon cornsacks and woolpacks has . Ihado all Collins-street believe that Mr. \- Service has made converts of the rest of the Ministry, and that if they Temain in office lye Bhall have a free-trade tariff before we know where we are. After the distinct statement that under no circumstances would \- any protective duties be imposed, there was no possible retreat. I am sorry for the pre sent position of affairs, for there was much good in Mr. Service's budget, and I am afraid that it may be some time before there Ss anotlier chance of making the rich pay. ..their fair share of the burdens of the State. ; A little incident has occurred in the Crown Lands Office which shows that when appoint ments are made by the permanent heads, and fvitkout any, political interference, grave mistakes may be made. A person who until recently had been the engineer of a rural public body, was appointed to the ' position of draftsman, entirely upon the recommendation of the officer in charge, and Without any reference to the Minister. The .. new man did his work very well, and all ' Was going on swimmingly, when sud denly it turned out that the interval between" his leaving the service of ynHjo v.8hire council . and entering that of tthsovernment ; had . been spent in Pontridge. under a sentence of imprisonment. ;; The matter came before Parliament, a ques- lion was asked in the House, the draftsman designed, and the scandal was hushed up. V.Biit l should not wonder if one of the effects 'were to make the Minister a little less will- Ing than he has hitherto been to leave the patronage in the hands of the permanent ,liead. ' .1 heard'Mr. Bright's lecture, and Upon the Whole was pleased with it. But I would like to give the new aspirant for public favor i.hint.- Lecturers depend for their suocess imore upon manner than matter. The most ..elevated sentiments, the moBt eloquent diction, the most amusing anecdotes/ fall flat if-elo'cution be not attended to. If I were to read .Hamlet, the audience would have cleared out long before the: ghost scene/ while Jiontgomery could hold a room-full spell- bound for hours, . ' I should like to know \vhat authority Mr. Bright lias for the statement that the; Duke Of Edinburgh . gave ; £500 to; get young Aspinall into : a public; school. In the first place, the donation is so 'thoroiighly ' unlike everything' that -the priride'-evor 'did before or: since v that ;I cannot help 'thinking it apocryphal ; in the Beooud/ : ..'thereiwasmo reason .wliy so large a sunras ;£D0P should be given to educate, a lall ; in the thifd the mfluenoe of tho Duke pf. Ediii- ljurghis quite sufficient to .secure a presen ilation without the :payment , of ; any .money St alf ; and in the foyrlhtke poorbojvjwhen lie /reached England,: was ; assisted by very different people froih a prince of the' blood, tfiz., Messrs. Spiers and Pond. l am afraid ifchat Mr. Bright has allowed his loyalty to Carry him away. /Some of us are old enough to recollect that passage in tlie-. burlesque o£.- tlie..r.\Vood ' .Demon, where the prince, returning from foreign conquest, tells tho assembled crowd—: '' . /'Serfs, bumpkins, nobles, gentlemen anil, gents,' /In honor of this day I'll lowortyour rents ; . . - . . ' Tliat is I'ineant to raise thorn, now Ishau't;V."'--.-.. Something of the same, kiud has been perpe trated on one of the ,'goldfieIdsL The directors of a mine wore so pleased with the : conduct of their mining manager that they resolved to present him with a handsome testimonial. The poor, man could soarcely contain himself with joy as he arrayed him self in lii3 best clothes to attend the direc tors' meeting. The chairman made a very neat speech, and beggod the manager's acceptance of a highly eulogistic letter, iand 100 shares in tho company. As the market prico of the latter is 2Jd., and as; there is a liability to calls, which will certainly swallow up half the poor fellow's ivages for the' next three years, you may imagine his feelings as he mumbled out his. thanks/ and- made a hasty exit from the board-room. - < ' The belief in the evil eye is- not the only form of superstition whiqhhas been recently introduced into the colony. A prayer/ said to have been found in the tomb "of our. Saviour, is being hawked about Ballarat," and the sheet of paper on which it is printed claims for it the following virtues "For Safety, they who shall repeat it every day, or hear it repeated, or keep it about them, shall- never die a sudden death nor be drowned in water — nor shall they fall into the hands of their enemies in battle ; nor Shall poison have any effect npon them, and it being read over any woman in labor she will be delivered safely, and be a glad mother ; and when the child is born, lay this «n his or her right side, aud he or she shall not be troubled with any misfortunes ; and if you see any one in fits, lay it on his or her right side, and he or she shall stand up And thank God ; and they who shall repeat it in any house shall be blessed by the Lord ; and he that will laugh at it will suffer. Believe this for certain — it is as true as if the holy : Evangelist had written it— they who keep it about them shall not fear light ning, nor thunder ; audi. they , who shall repeat it every day shall "have three days' warning before their death." 'And this Sort of rubbish goes "do wn in the nineteenth century, about which we are taught to be so proud ! I see that the affairs of the Dawsons have got into Chancery. Long may they -'remain there ! It is always a comfort when a good fat estate, which had never done anyone any good, is likely to be sweated a little. I make no doubt that the solicitors and counsel will spend all the fees they get out of the estate, which is perhaps more than the owners would have done with the rents. "What means this rush of artistes to Australia ? Can the tale of the Wil liamsons' success, and the money they made, have .reached Europe or America, or is this fifth quarter of the globe the only one that has not been thoroughly explored? At all events I am glad to see that we are to have real artists at last. Of lima do Murska, it iB sufficient to say that a songstress who ean create a furore in the role of the Queen of the Night in Mozart's most difficult of difficult operas, II Flauto Mag'ico, is not heard every day. In fact, the reason why the opera is so rarely given is owing to the fact that it is unusual for a company to possess, in addition to the prima soprano, another soprano capable of render ing the high and florid music -belonging to the part of the Queen. Fraulein Jamschek is a dramatic artist of great power. I have seen her as the Maid of Orleans and Marie Stuart, and her acting is, or was, something to be treasured up as one keeps ; the recollection of Rachel's impersonation of Adrienne Lecouvreur. And though last, not least, the name of Ristori is a host in itself. "Age cannot wither her, nor custom stale her infinite variety." I only hope that the: management will not commit the mistake, of keeping people out by charging very high: prices. The only poople I pity are tlie:; critics ; they have exhausted all the super- ; latives in the language in describing the satellites. What will they say when the \ stars begin to shine ? , . , : A story is going the rouuda about; a young, man who obtained, by means of Jeraale costume, admission into a Indies' school near; Melbourne, and remained there fori three weeks before he was discovered. I rdo 1 riot i believe the rumor. Now, had I been . told: that some of the masculine young women 1 whom I occasionally meet on the Block had ( been at a boys' school for three weeks.. with out their sex being discovered, I could very easily have believed it. \ . How is it that the French cannot help in fusing a certain amount of exaggeration into . everything which. they undertake ?..'A:new cxpedUiouis to start for . Central Africa in orderto complete the "work of 'Livingstone. Monsieur dc Brazza, the leader— it should have been 'Monsieur de' Bragga— intends: to cross the Continent from-, the 'mouth of the Congo to the basin' of the- White; Nile, '.a feat > never, hitherto, attempted.'; Withiianimagm tion '.ffi-ed by /reaclihg .iuks yerne's wonder ful books/ De Brazza does nqt . intend. tqs de- pend upon.the valor .ofihiq 150 followers, nor . the i presents, including: all the. imitation jewellery from : tbe private: theatre at the Tuileries, which hois to take with Him. He hascalled science to his aid. ! He is 1 to be fumiBhi d with an appar&tui; for humbugging the native' chiefs, which' is, I' fear, too' in genious to he successful. " De Brazza is to carry in his pocket an electric battery, com municating with two riugs placed on the fingers of his right hand, and with a glass tube in front of his ; cap. Suppose the traveller about to ratify some agreement with a native chief. He advances, holds out his baud, and sets the fmttery in motion. The chief takes the proffered hand, and at the same time receives an electric shock, while lightning plays about the head of the visitor. Astonishment and submission are supposed t6 be the immediate results of the phenomena. Perhaps the contrivers of the expedition can- not forget that when Houdin was sent to Algeria, his magic aud sloight-of-hand did more than diplomacy or arms to convince the Arabs , of the superiority :of. their Prankish; in yaders. It remains to be- .seen whether .Brazza's scheme will prove as,succossfuiv , , . The delicious state/of - affairs/which exists in freo-tiade . England may ;be gleaned fromian acoqunt/which recently appeared in the. Wolverjliamplm 'D from the pen of their Bpeciar cbmiiiissioher, who had been attending a deputation of the Chain- makers' Association; which Was inquiring into the condition of the female operatives. On entering a smithy at Cradley Heath/the writer saw a graceful, fair-haired girl of fifteen summers turning out links of twisted "dog-chain. The work, especially, in summer, is laborious and continuous, for there is no intermission for a single moment, and the day's work lasts eleven hours, if not longer. The poor child did not know how long she would have to work, but she had eighteen chains to make before she left off I Many of the women employed are married, and their husbands live in comparative idleness on tho labor of their overtasked wives. One girl had lately given birth to a baby, but, pale and emaciated, she was blowing her bellows and forging her links as well as her scanty strength would allow her, while the baby, wrapped in dirty rags, lay" on a heap of 09hes in the corner of the smithy. Plea sant, very ! A public speaker, a few days ago, dilating upon the easy manner in whioh squatters ' ; acquired wealth, stated - that, a "man . whom he know bought a few pigs, put them out .to grass, and in a few years had a station -twithlS/OOP'sheej). , The orator forgot' to. rnqntionho w the transformation from pork /to mutton took place. ' ' The Russians had, long the reputation of being the best'people in the. world at making out a bill. A princess of the Imperial family suffering from the vulgar but unpleasant malady of a bad cold was recommended: to try. a little tallow on her nose. The order for that substance was, in accordance with state etiquette, ' transmitted from one official to another until, it wa3 procured, but, like the snowball of our youth, it increased ma- teriallyon ite way. Each official had his picking, and when the account came to be audited it was found that a ton of tallow had been used in anointing the . Imperial proboscis. The Russians will now, however, have to look to their laurels; for they appear to have rivals inthe-New Zealanders, The Marquis of Normanby, while on a progress through the colony, stayed a few day3 at Christchurch, When the little bill was sent in it amounted to £G00 eterling, being some £18 per day for meals and house accommo dation for his Excellency. Lady Normanby, and two aides-de-camp, although no dinner parties or other entertainments had been given. Such a bill will make the Gippsland bonifaces, who tried to make a good thing out of Sir George Bowen's visit, ashamed of their paltry efforts at extortion. No doubt' the New Zealand hotelkeeper ' has imbibed some of that brilliant financial skill which seems to have commended their late Premier toBaron Rothschild; I . ATTICUS. 