Kadina Memos. Where shall I strike the first note of the overture in the second part; having just recovered from the effects of a protracted interval; and will that, chord vibrate harmoniously on the ears of this audience ? thoughts that have traversed my mind while taking again the representative jjen for the Y P Advertiser in this, the Peninsula metropolis. Well, ii' my note should prove discor dant, there is not the slightest shadow of a doubt but that a "Walking Ghost" oi other " Spectre'' will be told off for my special torture, therefore I purpose treading softly yet. surely, cautiously yet boldly, and above all thing's having regard to facts not fictions. The fate of those who jier ished with the steamship Gothenburg is; a subject thai, has had the eifedof raising public sympathy in tin's town, more especially the case of the family of the late Mr. W. L. Mackie, who for some time filled the position of account ant of the Wall aroo Mines, on Vorke's Teninsula. and while filling that oflice was highly esteemed, especially by those who were more immediately brought into contact with him. As an evidence of good will there is an cii'oi t Ua'ng made for this individual case, and I believe the collectors have realised a very fair amount of success. A PUBLIC MEETING was convened by His Worship the Mayor for Tuesday afternoon last, at M p.m., held at the Oddfellows' Hall, but al that hour it was evident, that those whose hearts could not make it convenient to attend, therefore those who responded to the invitation were few indeed as regards numbers, but many as regards might. F. W. Gurner. Esq., Mayor of Kadina presided and ojiened the meeting in Jew words, and commended the object to the meeting. 'J'hc Chairman read an ajiology from Capl. T. Anthony "Ktiri'ia Mine March J-Jth. J«7-7. Dear Sir—1 regret, not being able to attend the Gothenburg relief fund meeting this afternoon. My sympathy is with you. and I beg to enclose a cheque for one guinea. Yours truly. Thos. Anthony." It was then resolved "That this meeting constitute itself into a Committee for the purpose of immediately taking steps to organise :i scheme to obtain funds for the relief of the sufferers by the lamentable loss of the Gothenburg, and that J". W. Gurner. Ivsq.. lie the Treasurer, T. H. Hall, Esq.' and Mr. W. Carvosso. Honorary Secretaries. ' S. Higgs. juri.. Es'l-: kindly consented to take charge of the Wallaroo Mine as his distr ict to canvass and subscribed £5 os. towards the fund. The following gentlemen were then duly elected as collectors for the town, which was divided into the wards as follows—Stirling Ward, Messrs. E. W. Gurner and .las. Lang; Elder Ward. Messrs. B. Rosenberg, and D. Rrown; Taylor Ward, Revs. A. Higg, and W. Wilson ; Hughes Ward, Messrs. j. Ford, and J. N. Lewis ; Mr. Alex. Saunders consenting to take Green's Plains. A vote of thanks to the chair brought a brief yet business-like meeting to a close. THE LATEST OUT in the jierson of a recent arrival by the emigrant ship, Earl Dalhousie, who has been favoured with a high recommendation from our worthy Agent-General in London, and sent to this colony for general good, presented himself on Friday last at, the shop of Mr. R. Rosenberg, the jeweller of Taylor-St., and requested to be shewn a few watches'; when apparently contented with quality and jiiice he proceeded to the door for the purjiose of steing whether it would " go" or not, when to Mr. Rosenberg's astonishment the effect of its first "motion" was across Taylor Street, through Mr. Mai-tin's the butcher's window, and in '-shins and shoulders," from whence the surprised meal merchant raised it, and immediately walked into the street in order to see how it was " going," and why it had so suddenly "stupped'" when lo 1 Mr. Rosmberg in great agitation demanded redress from his new found "colonial,'' who, still desirous of being Tauiiiiar picsented hit, clutched fist at Mr. Rosen berg's clean waistcoat, somewhere in tile region ol" the lx:lt; who uii seeing the attitude affairs were assuming, doubled himself up, and retired to mourn, while Hie neighbors looked on between smiles and sympathy. My worthy " new chum" had not proceeded very far on his decamping trip, before the jiolice constable kindly assisted him to durance vile, where at the Magistrates' order he will require to remain for one month as a punishment lor such insane conduct. "nrccnAP.msM has been rendered somewhat popular here during the jiast few days, the District Grand Lodge having held its meetings in the new Schoolroom at the rear of {lie Wcsleyan Church. There were representatives from most jiarts of the colony, and on Tuesday, they all dined and took tea together- at Mr. J. J. Christmas's. There were over fifty who sat down, and the ample jirovisions were apparently partaken of with great enjoyment. On Tuesday evening a public meeting was held in the Schoolroom referred to at which there was a very large attendance. D.C.R. Pro. F. Wood, of North Adelaide presided, and after devotional exercise introduced the business by a few appropriate remarks. 'The meeting he said had been arranged to follow their annual council ; which had been held there that day; for the nurjiusc of presenting the claims of the temjierarice cause. He personally had sworn enmity against the dlinking custom as long as he should live. There were reasons why they ought to love the temperance cause because it not only seeks to recover the body but to gain the soul. Some there are who go so far as to jilace temperance first and religion last, but he. would always see temperance as the handmaid to religion. He believed that if the ladies would esjiousc the cause more heartily, that temjierance would make more rajiid strides, and by so doing the common cause of the Redeemer would be advanced—(Applause). D.S. Pro. G. \V. Cole was jileased to report that the J.O. Rechabiles was progressing favorable as a benefit society, also in fulfilling the objects for which the ordc-r had been established namely, to entirely abstain f rom intoxicating drink. Some have argued that this. that, and the other- society is the best, and the strongest. He had been told that a fellow jjasscngcj- informed the District Chief Ruler "that he believc-d all the Friendly Societies would eventually be smashed up." but he the sjieaker could say that so far as the other societies are concerned he could not say anything, but he could nay that tliero is not the slightest dangej-jif the LO. of Rechabiles being smashed uji CAj/plause). He could not at that, time go into all the statistics concerning the order-, but he would simply nay that in the order possessed in their funds Rfs. (id., after- the lirsl year- to the present, they had added annually the following amounts to their funds:—-£ir,(; 7s. !>d.: £00.", 12s. (Id.: £508 12s. 2d.; £r,r, 1 JH-:. -Id.; lTis.; ; £Sni ; £HH7: AllVA't \ I87u, £7:>1 7s'. 3d.—(Ajiplause). After a pointed speech the speaker resumed his seat amidst cheers. Pro. C. II. Matters very abiy recited "A Speech oil the Gallows." Pro. Ik P. Mudge, M.A., gave, a very humorous and lengthy sjieech. and succeeded in keejiing his audience in close attention by his eloquence and homely allusions. Pro. G. Newman sang two temjierance melodies dur ing the evening, and jiro. Vardon recited in excellent style " The power of jiarental affection " A few remarks from Pros. Hcaddey and Newman, and a comprehensive vote of thanks moved by Pro. J. Tregloan brought proceedings to a close. Our much resjiected lale constable Mr. D. Mcquillan has received a well earned promotion, who by the by is simply removed from spying out the "swells" to looking out the "smells." he having obtained the appointment of Sanitary Insjiector under Health Officer. Dr. Jno. Fisher. Ni-:w Steaiiku.—A new steamer, named the Flinders, in charge of Captain McCoy, has arrived at Port Adelaide from Sunderhuid, and is intended to run between Port Adelaide, and the ports of Spencer's Gulf. She is Piii feet long, 2."i feet beam, and 12 feet doe]), and has a registered tonnage of 277 tons. Solvency of Friendly Societies .'The ylnjua of the 2;ird, sjieaking of the lately published statistics of the Victorian benefit organizations, lind that "in 18 of members enrolled rn the various Friendly Societies of Victoria which furnished returns was Ki.-l:i8; the income of these Societies was »: l8.fioL and the expenditure in J8'73 the number of members in the Societ ies furnishing returns had increased to the income of the Societies to £151 and ihe exjicnditure to £R12.'lOo. Analysing these figures it arrives at the following rather sLarlling result : —In 18fH the income was £2 l'.ls. 2d. per member a the expenditure £2 Os. 2d.; whilst, in 1 m the income was 0s. 3d. per member, aim the exjicnditure £2 10s. !ld.; so that whilst in lHfjf there was a dfference between the revenue of these Societies and their expenditure to the credit of the former, of Pis. per ember, there was in 187-1 ji difference of only './<. lid. In other words;, whilst during the 10 years under eview the income of these Societies lias only increased Is. Id. per head the expenditure has increased l(Js. 7d perhead. Nor can we hup that this increase in the expenditure lias yet reached its maximum. A reference to the table of the coinparation ages of members shows more than a fair proportional increase in the number of those hew:ecu those ages when they ai« mo;t likely to become chargeable to the sick and funeral funds. Thus, whilst the increase from 1872 to 1873 in the numbers of members under the age of 20 was only :jri2: between 2r» and .'IO, I-18 and whilst there was an actual decrease in the members between 30 and 40 of Ut'i. there was an increase in uumbers between 40 and 4o of 418,-between 4-i and uO of 842. between and fjo 0f 320 and between 55 and 00 of 72. This all incicates a probable and gradual increase of expendi. ture for some years to come." 