GRANDMAMA'S LOVER. I'm sorry I can't invite you to dinner, old fellow, because it is a sort of solemn observ ance — a sacred right of inhospitality, nobody | being allowed to be present but the family j connection ; but tney win an db aengiuea to | see you in the evening, and I have some charm- j ming cousins, I assure you." j "Yes ; I was just about to ask if age was a i necessary qualification for admission into your ancient circle. Have I ever seen your cousins, Ned, and are they likely to trouble me with their attentions, bashful as I am, you know ? " "Not much, I should say. Carrie Atherton is of your elegantes ; she will expect yov, to pay her atteution and a great deal of it. There are four Fannings, all pretty and all Bhy ; Mary and Julia Davenport, splendid women, both, much admired abroad ; Fanny Barnett ; ugly, but smart, Emily Faye." ' " Sweet name ! " "Desperately sweet, but none of your busi ness ; a Bweet that should be guarded with stings. I say, sir, no poaching on my manor, if you please. I expect to be engaged to her myBelf before the evening is out — so beware ! If you want to outer the family, try -somebody else. And last, but not least, my chief favourite and ally, Kate Lovering." " Deliver me from Kates ! A sets of romping byenas ! That name always plays the very deuce with a girl ; it is sure to make them either flirt' or hoyden, and generally both. I have suffered too much from them already, antj have vowed a vow never to know one again'. With due respect to your cousin, your family connection is safe from' me on that score ; and can't I avoid being presented to her ? " "Very well; just as you please. Not that Bhe would look at you — a perfect little princess and the flower of the family — she would make you repent and retract your infidelities very oon, I fancy." " No doubt. Heaven forbid ! " " And now, farewell ; for I go. It seems barbarous to leave you in this barn of a hotel, and in ignorance of the sublime venison, the glorious turkey, the divine ducks, and the Bnperhnman plum-pudding of my Aunt Mary's Christmas tables ; but the fiat has gone forth, and I am compelled to partake of them alone." " Say no more, say no more, Ned ; I shall get through the time very well with a good dinner here, a glass of wine and a oigar." And Ned Holland, reluctantly leaving his friend alone, walked over to his uncle James's, rather nncomfortable with the sense of in hospitality he felt in obeying the strict rules that existed against the introduction of any strangers into the family circle at the Christmas Eve feaBt. The circle in itself was large enongh ; the ramifications of relationship embraced half a county, and it was a time- honoured observance, diotated by convenience ?o less than custom, that only " the family connection " should sit down at Mr. James Hollana's bountiful board on the day before Christmas, and inaugurate the festivities with a yearly meeting, from which none liked to be absent, and which had grown to be almost like the Scottish "gathering of the clan." On this particular occasion, Ned had hoped that the regulation would be relaxed in favour of the friend he had brought down with him to the hospitalities of that kindly mansion ; but, on broaching the subject to his respected re latives, in the midBt of their warm welome to himself, he found the usual calm opposition made to his request. "Your Unole James wouldn't hear of such a things " said his Aunt Mary, as she brought him cake and wine. "It is against the rules, my dear boy, and mustn't be, though I am sorry to refuse you. But you know I am always glad to see your friends at any other time, and shall insist on his coming here this evening ; there will be other company then and I should like both of you to stay over the holidays ; all the girls will be here, and you will enjoy it, I think." Various eyes, black, brown, and blue, which had looked rehelliously at kind Aunt Mary, while she refused the first invitation, bright ened again as she gave the last, and accom panied them with a meaning smile at her nephew, and Emily Faye, also present. The young lady's cheeks wore the precise hue of "celestial rosy red" that Ned could have wished, and blushing himself more than is expected of a lawyer he hastily departed with her to greet the rest of the "extensive family connection," and lament, as his cousins loudly called upon him to do, the absence of grandmama from this annual meeting, which was a matter of disappointment to every body. "Too bad, that grandmama can't come," Cried all her indignant young descendants, ex pectant of the lavish gifts of toys and con fectionary that always came with their beloved ancestor. And, " very provoking of Annt Bell," complained the elder branches, who desired her presence from. less selfish motives, while her own sons and daughters, nephews and nieces, gathered from many different places to see her, and finding the greatest pleasure at their annual reunion in her mild presence, felt the loss more deeply and mtfre quietly. Grandpapa was but a faint memory to his elder grandchildren, a legend to the younger, who were only acquainted with him through the picture of a fine, fresh-looking gentleman in a colonel's uniform, which hung in the drawing- room at Uncle James's, his eldest son. But grandmama was a fully appreciated blessing to her young descendants, who loved her with devotion. She had been very lovely in her yontb, and her portrait, representing a beauti- ful little creature on horseback, in a riding- habit and cap, and a long plume, was greatly admired by modern artists visiting at her son's house. She was still charming in her old age, though the brown curls had turned snow- white and the fine eyes were slightly dimmed, but the spirit and grace which had rendered her so fascinating in early life, years could not destroy. Her manner of old-school courtesy, gentle, dignified and winning, was admired by strangers only less than by her disappointed children, who had long looked forward to her appearance as the crowning attraction of the yearly festival. But Aunt Bell's very young baby had chosen to be ill of some infantiue disorder, which had not only delayed its presentation to its new cousins, but had also kept at home its fond mama and dear, kind grandmama, who gave np the groat pleasure of the family meeting to com fort the baby's parents through this time of anxiety and trouble. Great was the dissatisfaction that prevailed among the bereaved descendants thus deprived of her society, but most indignant of all was Miss Kate Lovering, grandroama'a special pet and favourite, only daughter of her only daughter, long since dead, and inheritor of her maiden name and maiden beauty. She was said to look exactly as Grandmama Holland had looked at her age — eighteen, and allowing for the different style of dress and coiffure, was certainly very like the lovely ancestral beauties in a host of other old family portraits. She inherited too grandmama's fascination of manner and winning sweetness, but being petted and wilful, bad added some traits of her own to those of the maternal line, and had been thoroughly spoiled by her father, who died before he left her as a legacy to the fond guardianship of his wife's mother. So now grandmama lived with her youngest son, Uncle John ; Kate lived there too, and had come as unwilling representative of his absent family, and the messenger of unwelcome tidings, at which nobody was more disap pointed than herself, who had been much disgusted of late with the attention exacted from the imaginary ailments of a very stout, very ugly, and very cross baby that had completed the list of its outrages by keeping its revered grandmama at Lome, and disap pointing a great number of people. "But, I will tell you what I am going to do, -Cousin Ned," said she, winding up an account of her injuries — "I am grandmama's deputy; I have brought all her presents to dis tribute ; and, better than that, I have brought herdressand cap, and boughtawhitefalsefront, and I intend myself to appear as grandmama, ' for this night only,' if yon will help me, and if nobody prevents me." Who could stop Kate ? Not Uncle James, who found it sufficient warrant for the young deputy's assumption that his mother had consented to the frolic, and Bent her joking order that all due respect should be rendered to her representative ; nor Aunt Mary who unpacked from Kate's trunk the well- known black satin dress, white crape cap and collar, and delicate lace mittens, in which grandmama always appeared, and pardoned the jest she had at first thought so irreverent as she gently laid by these tokens of her ap proval of her darling's plan; while the other grave authorities, being won over by Kate's coaxing and caressing, began to see in it a very amusing episode, and to anticipate the delight of their disappointed children. So the distrait Ned, already looking up and down the long saloon for Emily, readily con sented to farther the scheme with his best as sistance and forgot the joke he had in store for her, which came out all in due time at the dinner- table, when Miss Kate appeared in her own character, her personation of grandmama being reserved for the evening. The young gentleman's devotion to his dinner and to his fair neighbour — about equally divided in his affections — had been a subject of great amusement to the mischievous girl, whose own appetite for turkey was always secondary to her love of the ludicrous, and in replying to her langbingsallies, his wit brightened over his champagne to the point of repeating that part of the morning's conversation which personally conoerned her, and Horace Derwent's speech, with such additions as his fancy suggested, to the amusement of the whole table, and the partial discomfiture of Miss Kate. "I'll pay him off, the impertinent fellow ! " she said to herself, "as sure as my name is Kate ! A romping hyena, indeed — a flirt and boyden ! and particularly begs not to be intro duced ; W e shall see sir ! " and, with burning cheeks, and a head full of schemes of vengeance, she ran upstairs to prepare for her evening's appearance, wisely reserving her quarrel with Ned till a more convenient season, for she wanted him to paint in the winkles on her blooming face, as he had always done at their Christmas theatricals, where she played the cross aunts and heavy dowagers, while her lesslovelyand attractive cousins took the more becoming dresses and roles. He was unceremoniously turned out of the room afterwards, and she was enrobed by the laughing girls in the rich old-fashioned gar ments, which proved a world too wide for her round waist and pretty shoulders, for though grandmama was a slender old lady, she loved ease and comfort mora than her fair descendant. But there are few difficulties in the feminine toilette that pins and patience cannot overcome, and when Ned was recalled to put the finishing touches to his work, he insisted on bestowing a filial embrace on his beloved grandmother, and pressing a respect ful kiss on her wriukled cheek. Other cousins beingadmitted, fairly started atthe well-known figure before them, with its snow-white curls beneath the crimpled edges of the widow's cap ; the brilliant dark eyes shining kindly behind the gold-bowed spectacles ; the sweet, wrinkled face, half-hidden by these various accessories ; the bent, slender figure, in its black satin robes, of sweeping length and amplitude, boned at the wrists and neck with white crape and jet ornaments ; grand mama's own discreet watch, with the bunch df seals that had been grandfather's, a silver knitting sheath on her side, and her own little delicate hands, quite lost in black lace mittens, : laid gently over, her favourite work of a baby's lamb's-wool sock. The little actress drew down her rosy upper lip over the pearls beneath, and imitated grandmama's low, cheerful voice ; then, after submitting to the affectionate attentions of all the grown-up young gentlemen, her cousins, who seized the opportunity, while she dared not resist, for fear of injuring her costume, to claim all the arrears of kisses which she had denied for the past five years, shei was led down stairs by children, screaming with laughter, and yet half reverent of the figure that looked so much like their dear, absent relative. They enshrined her in grandmama's own great arm-chair, whence she proceeded to dis tribute her generous stock of gifts, amid the riotous mirth and enjoyment of the children, and the surprise and amusement of the elders. The scene was hardly over before the arrivals began, and the great drawing-rooms were soon filled with friends and acquaintances, who were duly presented to grandmama's deputy, as usually to herself, and though dis appointed in her absence, keenly enjoyed the spirit and grace of her representative's per- sonation, and formed a pleased and admiring circle about her great chair. Horace Derwent was the last ; fashionably late, for he had feared to be too early, and punished his impatience by delay. Himself without home ties or pleasures, he hqd a strong curiosity to see this family assembly, and longed to join in their gaiety, but among the happy faces he felt an alien and a stranger ; their mirth depressed and saddened him, and he begged his friend, Ned, for a few minutes in which to familiarise himself with the scene, before beginning the work of introduction. They had halted in the little boudoir, in which Grandmama Holland's por trait was enshrined, separated from the long drawing-rooms by a set of silken curtains, and here Ned left him the more readily as ho saw Emily in the distance surrounded by a group of attentive men, and enjoying their society far too much for the comfort of her observant lover. He was gone some time, occupied in hovering on the edge of this lively group, skilfully dispersing it, and rendering generally uncomfortable those who persisted in staying, before he bethought himself of Horace, and returned to find him intent upon the portrait, which he was studying with admiring earnest ness. "Ah, what a lovely face !" he cried, as Ned touched his shoulder. " What spirit and grace ! what a beautiful creature to love and live with ! Pity there are no such women now ?" he said, covering his confusion with a laugh, as he took his friend's arm and moved away. "Modern female education not ouly deforms the bodies but cramps the minds and extinguishes the spirits of our fashionable grls, except in the case of those rude hoydens that infest society ; but where in real life do we ever see such a sweet, naive attitude, such a charming face, such — " Oh, Horace !" cried the amused Ned, " for Heaven's sake spare me your raptures, and I'll introduce you to the original." "Who? Where?" " My Grandmother." " Oh, ah, yes," said Horace, drily, " a most delightful old lady, no doubt, but I should prefer something of a little more recent date." " I thought you were disgusted with modern belles ; but you shall see enough of them after this presentation is over. Allons 1" aud he dragged his reluctant friend, who dreaded to behold the wreck of the fresh girlish beauty he had just been admiring, towards the high crimson velvet arm-chair, standing like a throne at the end of the long apart ment, and around which a crowd of gentlemen, young and old, were gathered, paying their lively homage to the old lady sitting in it, a little shaded from the glare of the great chandelier, and listening with a pleasant smile, while she plied the knitting-work Bhe held in- her delicate, lace-covered bands. " My grandmother, Mrs. Holland, Mr. Horace Derwent." The old lady looked up. from her knitting with a start, and caBt a sharp glance at Master Ned Holland, aB she hastily acknowledged the low reverence of his friend. Horace could have Bworn that a blush suffused the fine features turned towards him, as in the por trait, that the aged fingers trembled as tbey dropped the work they held, which he courteously restored with respectful zeal, and that a momentary expression of distress flitted over the still fair face before him ; but the old lady quickly recovered her Bweet placid dignity, and addressed him in a soft voice, with rather imperfect artioulation, which he attributed to the loss of her teeth. " I look like some old love of hers I suppose," thought Horace, as he took the place beside her, politely vacated by a gentle man who had been amusing her with his lively conversation a moment before, and found himself soon absorbed in the study of this fascinating old lady, listening with that gentle deference which always distinguished his manner to the aged, to every indistinct word she uttered in her sweet tremulous voice, and tracing a resemblance to the beautiful face in the other room, in the altered but graceful outlines before him. 'He found beauty still in the snow-white curls, once brown, that drooped over her temples, beauty in the dark arched eyebrows, ' and bright, kindly eyes beaming behind the glimmer of her glasses, beauty in the delicate skin, fine even in its wrinklep, in the well-set head, the fair, faded cheek, the slender figure and small hands, and the perfect contour of her face, half concealed by the thick crimped frills of her cap, and the great bow of white satin ribbon tied under her chin. He was sure she must have been iu youth even more lovely than the artist had drawn her, more brilliant than the colours had depicted her, and he envied the old colonel who had lived in the proper time to woo and win thi3 gracious oreature. He wondered if she had any female descend ants who inherited her charms, aud his eyeE wandered up and down the room in search oi a younger copy of the lineaments he so much admired, but none such appeared. Handsome, dark-eyed belles, blue-eyed and fair-haired maideus, brown-tressed beauties in abundance appeared, but no successor to this ancestral loveliness, and he was sorry that his wander ing look was interpreted by the too- attentiveNed as a sign of weariness, and that he was borne away to be presented to this fair cousin, and to talk to that, to promenade with one, and to dance with another, and was finally honoured with an introduction to the fair Emily herself, under all possible restrictions and beneath the eye of her watchful lover, but he felt no desire to disturb his friendship by any show ol attention to his fedy-love, who sat in the little boudoir, below the lovely picture, and faded, to his eyes, into insipidity and plainness before its delicate and sparkling beauty. The evening was far spent before he was again able to approach the crimson chair thai enthroned its relics, and it was long after thai he succeeded in penetrating the throug arounc it. The romping children, with hands full o; toys and sweetmeats, who made the vicinity quite dangerous some time before, had beer 1 been brought up in succession to kisB her, and .been borne, shouting, off to bed, but theii places were more than filled by n laughing ' jesting crowd, whose evident admiratioi justified his own opinion of the aged beauty As he hovered on the edge of this merry j group, vexed at his exclnsiou from their circle, I and inability to understand the jest they en- ' joyed so much, he was electrified by hearing a j sweet, clear\laugh from the occupant of the i chair — the very laugh that belonged to the i joyous . heroine of the picture, from which i years could not take the music or the mirth, i His efforts to obtain a second tete-a-tete, or ! even to join it the conversation with her, ! were quite unavailing, but he could not be j mistaken in thinking that she had repeatedly glanced at him with interest, and that she was pleased with the respect and admiration his face expressed. When, at last, the latest there, the reluctant Ned was induced to come away, they took leave of, their hosts, and made their conge to the crimson throne, Horace could not resist raising the still beautiful hand to his lips, with affectionate reverence, that provoked a hearty laugh from the incon siderate Ned, and even seemed to. give a faint glow to grandmama's wrinkled cheeks, as he strode away thinking how that little hand bad seemed to tremble and falter in his hold. " What a beautiful little coguette she must have been !" he exclaimed ; and Ned woke all the echoes with his shouts of laughter. Horace thought him intoxicated. "You've had too much champagne," he said ; and then, resuming bis meditations, "I must look like some old lover of hers. Yes, that's it; she has never forgotten him !" and having fortunately for the peace of tho neighbour hood, reached their hotel, weut to his room, quite regardless of the explosions of mirth that shook his comrade, whom he was accustomed to see under some form of excitement after a party, and himself to dream of the septuagenarian beauty, and curse his fate in being born too late by two-score years and ten. The next morning, a brilliant sun shone in through the frost-work of the windows, aud waked the indolent pair to rejoice over a fine fall of snow, which had driven the houseful of cousins quite wild with anticipation before the friends arrived there for a morning call. The court-yard and grounds were scraped clean of snow, which had been liberally bestowed on the walls of the house, and on the wrappings of the few muffled figures that still moved about among the debris of the battle, from one of whom Ned immediately received the favour of a well-directed ball, which ex- tinguished his'moustache, and nestled in his fur collar, to ooze out presently in damp dis comfort on his glossy linen and new cravat. A loud shout from the attacking party greeted the successful shot, and " Kate, of course," thought Horace, as they went in, glad that any misohief detained her from joining the family group during his visit. They entered quietly, without ringing, that the discomfited Ned might have an opportunity to repair his toilet before encountering his cousins; and while he was still brushing and muttering, Horace stepped quietly into the open drawing-room, to spend his leisure examining the picture he had so muoh admired the night before, and criticise its loveliness by the glare of daylight. But he stopped on the threshold of the boudoir, to pass bis hand over his eyes, and wonder if he still were dream ing, at sight of what seemed the fair original herself seated before it, the beautiful eyes fixed upon their prototypes, the arch lips carved in the same dimpled smile, the brown tresses drooping with as soft a grace, the pretty foot, the little hand, the elastic carriage, the exquisite figure, all there as if the ghost of that girlish loveliness still haunted the spot where its memory was so fairly preserved, but for the modern dress which gave it a new oharm of life and reality in his admiring eyes. He could have lingered for ever watching the varying ,'play of expression on that fair face, the shifting light in her eyes, the flitting dimples and blushes on her cheek,, the laBhes that drooped, and the lips that smiled, but the spell was broken by the creak of Ned's new boots approaching, and the living picture sprang up and confronted the intruders with a chilling dignity, before which Horace stood abashed, while the cooler Ned felt it not at all. " My cousin, Mr. Derwent," he kindly ex plained- " Never mind being caught, child," condescendingly to the young lady, " you look very well in that dress, quite like the picture, eh, Horace ? and you will have plenty of time to change it, for we shall stay all the morn ing. Entertain Mr. Derwent now, while I find the rest ; you can talk about the portrait, he is quite wild on the subject. Ah ! and by- the-bye, how's grandmama ?" and with a loud and long laugh Mr. Ned quitted the room in search of his cousins, and left the new acquaint ances together. Tho young lady was evidently very much embarrassed ; the roses on her cheeks grew momentarily deeper under tho shade of tho fringed lashes, which the admiring Horace watched in sublime oblivion of politeness, till he saw symptoms of their rising, and then said — "I hope we shall see your grandmama this morning." The beauty, in great confusion, was under stood to murmur something about indisposi tion, but her arch lips were beginning to quiver with a smile, and her eyes to sparkle with mischievous light. Determined to en courage these signs of returning confidence, Horace continued — " I am sorry to hear that she is indisposed. I trust nothing serious 1 " " A slight cold," said the young lady, faintly ; " over-exertion." " Ah, yes, very natural ; though she looks too young still to be easily affected by such causes, in spite of the delicacy of her appear ance. One cannot think of her as really aged ; it seems impossible that a creature so beautiful should fade, nor has she faded yet. To me, that elastic loveliness, so lightly touched by Time, is rendered sacred by a newer and rarer charm ; ' age cannot wither her ' indeed, but is a fresh baptism of beauty." He waited for an answer, but the young lady seemed still struggling with her confusion, and unable to speak, and he felt obliged to go on, though afraid of making some blunder in his hurry of ideas. " Pardon me, Miss Holland ' she' must be Miss Holland, being Ned's cousin ; they are nearly' all Hollands, except that Kate', but that picture," indicating the' one he admired ; "I was told last evening that it was your grandmother's portrait, taken in early life. It mi"ht be yourself ; the resemblance is wonder ful. You were not present last evening, I think, for I looked anxiously, I assure you, among ill's. Holland's descendants, to find the inheritor of her grace and beauty, but I was unsuccessful ; — you were not there 1 I could not have forgotten " He "paused for a reply," but none came. The young girl sat perfectly silent, with down cast eyes and blushing cheeks before him, and answered only by the varying colour and ex pression of her countenance, so lovely in her timidity and confusion that he could not but look and admire. " A most delicate and modest little creature," he thought ; " one could hardly have expected, with that coquettish face and form, this awkward — no, this graceful — em barrassment. Most fortunate conjunction of shyness with such bewitching beauty, enabling me to use tny eves without the rebuke of a look from hers ! " and with this philosophical conclusion the enchanted Horace fell to the contemplation of the tabieau-vivanl which fortune had placed before him, with a thankful heart, and no thought of fatigue, till his friend returned with a troupe of laughing girls, aud the relieved beauty made her escape in the tumult that followed. ( To be concluded in our next. J 