BISHOP BROMBY'S LECTURES ON THE ENGLISH CHURCH. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MERCURY. SIR, After reading the last of the Bishop's Lent . Lectures I must revert again to his first, in order to keep in mind the object the right reverend lecturer proposed to himself, which was, to furnish an answer for the children. of the church if they should be asked, when did their church begin to exist ? and whence did it derive its authority and its right of mission ? He would also form a distinct idea of its independence and authority. Having looked again over the series of lectures I find it very difficult, if not quite impossible, to" discover the promised answer. Now, I will, Sir, by your favour, endeavour to supply the omission. - Cardinal Wolsey had forfeited the friendship of Henry VIII., after the trial at Blackfriars, which terminated so unfavourably to the divorce from Catherine, who had been his Queen for eighteen years. The King ordered his Attorney-General to a file two informations against him, for accepting the legation authority in England, though the King had by warrant permitted him to accept such authority. AVolsey know that a contest with the King would be fruitless, and begged for mercy. Two years later Henry ordered similar informations to be filed against the whole body of the English clergy for submitting to such authority ; a most iniquitous proceeding, for by granting warrant to Wolsey to accept that position, the clergy were compelled by virtue of that royal warrant to accept AVolsoy's legantine authority. By this tyrannical act the whole body of the clergy became subject to the penalties of preme also, that is, of being out of the protection of the law, of forfeiting all their goods and chattels, and of being liable to be imprisoned during the King's pleasure. The convocation met in 1531, and as it was supposed that the proceedings taken against them meant that the King wanted money, they offered him the enormous sum of £100,000 to obtain a free pardon. -1. Before going further, the reader is reminded that the King had been for years soliciting the Pope for a divorce from Catherine and becoming impatient, he resolved to abolish the papal authority, and to become invested with the authority of a Pope himself, so that he might be able to obtain from his own courts the divorce he strove in vain to induce the Pope to give. So when the clergy in convocation made the offer of £100,000 for a pardon, to their surprise the money was refused, unless they would insert in their grant a declaration that the King was Pros rector and Supreme Head of the church and clergy of England. After much debating, and being greatly intimidated, they agreed to the King? demand, with the clause, "as far as the law of Christ will permit," added to it. It is manifest that the clergy did not give up the primacy of the Pope by this declaration. When the King heard of the clause, he exclaimed to Cromwell, his unscrupulous tool, " Mother of God I you have played me a shrewd turn ; you have so ordered the business as they are likely to make a fool of me, as they have done of you already." So the Pope's authority was still acknowledged by the clergy ; bishops were still instituted by authority from Rome ; the Pope's name was still the first on the list to be prayed for at the mass ; the clergy were still allowed to pay reasonable fees for bulls solicited from Rome and when Cranmer was consecrated in March, 1933, bulls, as usual, were received, and the pallium, the badge of ecoU siastical jurisdiction, was received from the Pope, and Cranmer took the accustomed oath of obedience to the Pope (though he privately, but formally declared before he took the oath he did not intend to be bound by it. On the 12th May following, Henry and Ann were publicly married ; any further delay would have been most inconvenient to both. By this marriage, the papal authority was set at defiance to, gratify the inordinate passions of a tyrant ; but the papal authority was still the law both of Church and State. On January 17th, 1534, Parliament met, and, by several enactments, the Pope was deprived of all legal power in England, but the bishops were nearly all absent from those meetings. After this an oath was framed and tendered, and taken by the clergy generally under the penalty of misprision of treason, the terms of which oath swore' that " the royal succession was entailed upon the issue of the King by his lawful Queen, Ann, and that no greater authority had been given by God's holy scripture to the Bishop of Rome than to any other foreign bishop. As no mention is made in Scripture of the Bishop of Rome, or a bishop of any foreign place, the clergy thought they could take such oath, for it did not in express terms deny the primacy or authority of the Pope. We ought also to bear in mind that the penalty of misprision of treason was the penalty of refusing the oath, that is, forfeiture of all property and imprisonment at the king's pleasure. Whatever want of loyalty to the Holy See the) bishops manifested was consequent upon the cruel laws that were enacted against the opposers of the. tyrant's will. This does not, I know, justify their action in abetting the king; but it furnishes a reason for their conduct very different from that assumed by Bishop Bromby. In 1854, an Act of Parliament was passed, declaring the king to be the head of the Church of England, " with power to correct and amend any errors, heresies, abuses, to, which by any ecclesiastical jurisdiction might be reformed or redressed." An oath was framed upon this Act, and might be tendered to any one and it was made treason to deny the dignity, or title, or name of his estate royal or to call him heretic, schismatic, or tyrant. I need not add that many suffered death under this Act, among whom were Bishop Fisher and Thomas More. Thus was the schism completed by the operation of the most tyrannical laws ; not by the willing consent of clergy or people, as Bishop Bromby would have us to believe, but by the tyranny of one who is a disgrace to humanity, to gratify his base passions, to enable this man to obtain possession of a beautiful but evidently a weak-minded creature, whom, a few months after, he sacrificed on the scaffold, being assisted in this horrid deed by the sycophant Thomas Cranmer. But I must hasten on. Henry died ; Edward, 9 years old, was king and by virtue of the royal supremacy, and the will of the party in power, the faith of the Church of England was changed. A new Book of Common Prayer was published, and commanded to be used instead of the Mass Book under the most grievous pains and penalties short of death ; the ancient Catholic service was abolished ; forty-two Articles of Religion, many of them opposed to the Catholic Church, were by law imposed on all who chose to submit; prayers for the dead were ordered and afterwards condemned ; the new Book of Common Prayer was proclaimed by law to have been composed by the aid of the Holy Ghost. The King died in 1853, and Mary becoming Queen, the whole of the laws for the establishment of the Protestant religion were repealed, and the nation returned willingly to their ancient worship ; there were some disaffected, but they were comparatively few. Mary died, and Elizabeth began to reign 1558, She was crowned according to the Catholic rite ; she received Communion at the High Mass, and took the usual Coronation oath to defend the Catholic Church and she professed hornets a Catholic. But an act was passed in her first parliament, in bet first year, to give to her the title of " sole and supreme ruler," as well spiritual and ecclesiastics as temporal And if any refused to declare this on oath, or defended the spiritual jurisdiction of the Pope, they were to forfeit all their property, or if not worth twenty pounds, to be imprisoned for one year; for a second offence to suffer the penalties of premiers and for the third offence, to be punished as a traitor that is, to be hung, drawn, and quartered. Thus was the Church of England, for the second time, established by Act of Parliament. The Book of Common Prayer was ordered to be used in all churches, under penalty ; ministers refusing to use it were, for the first offence, to forfeit a year's income, and to be imprisoned for six months for a second, offence to be deprived, and twelve months' imprisonment. To use any words in derogation of the same book, was made liable for a first offence, to a penalty of a hundred marks for a second, to four hundred; and for a third, to forfeiture and perpetual imprisonment. This change in religion was made purely by Act of Parliament. The bishops of the church were not consulted. The bishops opposed the passing of the act of supremacy and the convocation of the clergy unanimously supported the bishops. The oath of supremacy was tendered to all the bishops ; but, except one, they refused it, and were imprisoned ; so a new batch was made by the new ordinal, and put by force of law into those sees that were still occupied by Catholic bishops. Am I wrong, sir, in saying that the Church of England is the creation of Act of Parliament ? It is simply " a State-made institution ; " she has no " historical antecedents " before Henry VIII. Here is the answer to the question When did the Church of England begin. The Bishop says there are men " who feel an interest in misrepresenting the English Church, as if it were a State-made institution, and to ignore all her historical antecedents." I affirm, without fear of contradiction, that the English Church is a "State-made Church ; " her government was originated by Act of Parliament, and so wore her doctrines, and her worship. I affirm, without fear of contradiction, that the Church of England has no historical antecedents before Henry VIII. and although the Bishop has given a series of lectures to show this antecedent history, he has not produced a line of such history, and never will. in the last lecture the Bishop refers to the recent definitions upon the Immaculate Conception of the Blessed Virgin, and the infallibility of the Pope. I cannot, sir, enter into these purely theological questions, my object having been to follow the Bishop in his history ; but, allow me to say, that I am" surprised that a member of a Church that contains within her elastic bounds such diversity of doctrine as the Church of England allows within her pale, should reproach the Catholic Church for simply defining doctrines that have been taught in her communion from the beginning. The Bishop has now finished his lectures, and I willingly lay down my pen, with no desire to resume it upon this unpleasant topic. Thanking you, sir, for the favour of publishing my long letters, I remain, Sir, yours, A CATHOLIC LAYMAN. 