Mudgfee ' f astorei aricl Agricul tural AsMoifliion's Ex&bition;, , . v f*RtlM ODB sniOUL OOBBBFOBSIBC ] ' '' - ' Th« fifteenth inmnuleihibitioii inconntotion with the aWe Mwaation toiV place ftt the ''**Kj©S^f Wednesday w-d Thursday, the 31st «nd32adiMbuit She show eclipsed the similar eihibitioM pfj Vroier jean, both injthe (guantity Bbdqnjtoyflffte exhibits. no fewer tluwi?mejtti-nuuin were present the first day, which, considering that Jfudfee i» only ? prowcM town, may lie Iwfced upon ?»«£?«£ attendance. The sepondday there ware only «x hundred present, owing to (he indemenop and unfaTottrable appearanee^f 'he weather!' There were aeont sixty eifabitowin (he nirioos olawea. Among the nuay visitor*.- present from nelghbonriDR towns we.noBned the JoUo«jng: Andrew Brown {Hartley), James Moseby (Marrabri). , TbomJuBaird JDubbo), J. Aarons (Wellington), B.T. . B. Gayden (Wellington), H. S. Smith (Eichmond), G. ? P. WantiSydjaeyVD.JF.^rgiuwi, W.,BeBnma, James tfeadford, and others. ,.'..? The management of the shew derolved upon the stewards, in the selection of whom the members «f the soolety appear to have displayed good judgment, for more active or assiduous officials ooulo not hare been caosea. jaeoiji».^A*OT«i4w *-»»?«*?«« -™w» ~. ». »? — un- acted as stewards in the horse exhibits, while Messrs. O. D. Lane and A. H. Cox performed the same duty in tiie cattle class; and Messrs. W. B. Cadell and T. Smiih is the sheep exhibits. The other stewards were :— Fowls : Mr C. 0. 'Cox. Prcdnee : Hon. G. H. Cox. Pisa : Messrs. James Atkinson and FraBou Cot t ad dles, horses, and buggies ; Mr. C. O. Cox. ., . 'But while «ccordisg aUdue praise, to the various officials, weTmast sot omit to notice the total want of «o operation among the members. Dissatisfaction and variance prevailed among these to such an extent as to do much towards neutralising the success of the .exhibition. As an example of this want of unanimity, we m«y mention that the prijte cards were Dot placed ?on the horses till the' Second day, an arrangement which many of the committee and prise-takers showed their disapprobation of in rather strong terms. It must not be supposed that we attribute blame ali^e to All the officials. There were some notable exceptions, and we are of opinion that the dissatisfaction prevail ing arose from apathy on the part of come, and too ?eioessive seal on the part of others, who appeared always busy without effecting much good result. The former we would remind of the adnjrc, ' ' Zeal without ?energy is like smoke without flame ;' while the latter would do well to remember that excessive zeal, like Atrandant smoKe, acts as a partial ex wguiEiier. «m still, while expressing our candid opinion,' we are at the came time not unmindful that the officials were working voluntarily, and at loss of their time for the convenience of their fellows ; and we, therefore, do not make these remarks oat of any spirit of captions ness, bnt from a hearty desire to promote the welfare -«f the society. The gentlemen who acted as judges also gave general satisfaction, and at few (if any) similar competitious hare the decisions given been the subject of so little dissatisfaction or oomplaint. The names of the judges were : Blood hsrseB, G. F. Want and James Ueaiiford. Draught horses: D. F. Ferguson, J. h. Brown; and James Beadford. Saddle horses, bu*ry horses, and hunters : James Beadford and G. F. Wont. Durham cattle: F. H. BairdandH F. Smith. Hereford cattle: F.H Baird.H.F. with, and James Mcseby. Sheep: Geerge Bruce, E. T. B. Gayden, and W. Beamma. Pig* '!' James Atkinson and Francis Cox. Produce, *-S.:H.H. D. -MhiteandK. J. Greenwood. As there were or ly two judges in the blood horse ekhibits, Mr. Aaron. Brown was appointed referee in case of dispute. We -will now proceed to give a detailed description ?f the first day a exhibition, taking the awards in the order ef the sections. 1 HORSES. In this Rectionthe exhibits were more numerous than ? former years, and the animals appeared to have im proved in quality. There were twelve blood horses tion. The number of exhibitors in the former were six, and in the latter ten. -Of these Mr. George Roubs' ? (Beaudesert) entered eleven horses, and to him fell the ' lion's shaie' of the awards. As will be seen in the prize list girea below, that gentleman wen three caps, ?ne champion cup, and £5 tn money prizes. Mr. S. A. Blackmail and Messrs. R. and E. Bouse deserve men \- tion for their valuable exhibits in+bis section. (Among the fifteen saddle horses entered there were some really valuable «nim≤, whilst the baggy horses and some c{ the hunters, we may venture to say, would ?othave disgraced the Metropolitan Exhibition. — -Blood Hobsss. fl The animals entered for compeiitioa in this section were divided into bix cUsses, to each of which a prise of £1 was (riven The best blood stallion and the, best blood mare were each awaided a cop in lieu of the money price, while for the champion animal in the section the prize wsb a champi n cup. Class l.—Best Stallion, 3 years old and over, £L The prize for the best animal in this olnss was awarded to Grand Master. This stallion, the property of lip. George Kouse is by Gladiator out of Oelurina. and is seven years old Grand Master was also adjudged the best animal among male stallions, and hence the cap valued at £3 in 10 tie substituted for the money friise. The horses against which he competed were Idle Boy and Sir Benjamin. Of these, Sir Benjamin, eight years old, and the property of Richard Bouse and Edwin liousa (2iini£azibU) was highly commended, defeating Idle Boy, an aged stallion fay New Warrior ?ut of Valletta, Mesere. Capper and Cadell (MuUa meddv) are the owners of Idle Boy. Class 2.— Best Stallion, 2 years and under three, £1. In this chug thei « was only one entry. Chevalier, to whom accordingly tho prize was awarded mis eany beautiful -animal is tct property of J. D. Little, and is two Vfars-and nine ninths old. His sire is Gemma ?U Vergy, ar-dhis dam Lightfoot. Class 3.— Best ptallion, 1 year and under 2, £L There was also only one entry in this class. Grena dier, the property of E. aid £. Bouse. He was con sidered of sufficient merit to be awarded the prize. t» Class 4.— Best, Mare, 2 years old and over, £1. Tbo only, animal entered was Queen Bee, the property of Mr. Samuel Blackmau (Cooyal). Queen Bee is one o the progeny of Busy Bee, and was awarded the prize. Class 5.— Best Filly, 2 years, and under 3, £1. In thU'cIass noaward was made, the filly entered, Ii dustry, half-sister to Queen Bee, sot being considered of sufficient merit. ' ? Class 6.— Best filly, 1 year and tinder 2 £1. There were four horses entered (or this prise. Princess by Australian, ont of Nell Gwjnne, and the property of »Ir. G. D. Lane ; a filly by Maribyrnong out of Flirt, the property of Hr. George Eouse. Another filly belong ing to Mr. George Bouse, and own sister to the pre -eedinff ; end s filly the' property of Mr,' 3, A. Black man, half sister to FrincesB. A cup valued at £3 waB substituted for themoneypiise ; as the priae filly, the third-mentioned above, was considered the beet female animal among the blood horse exhibits. The other fitly of Bonse'c was also highly commanded. The cup for thecharapion animal in the blood horse section was a warned to Teddineton, the property of Mr. Geor&efBouse.; The qualities and pedigree -f this hor»e are so well known that we need not dwell upon theifihere. A full description was eiven of him in a former issue of the Towx akd Countby Jouehai. Teddington is ^by!New Warrior out of Io. , ?' ,V^''^i)BAUpHi Houses. The draught horses were similarly divided into eight classes;' The entries in this section were more numer- j onsth&n; those in the blood horse exhibits, and we are ' h&pffy; to add prises were awarded in each section. Ttai following is the list : — Classic- Best »ta\ljon, 3 years old and over. £1. The award /ell to Tcsman, the property of G. IL Cox. Tasnan is 7 years old, and is by Lincoln Hero out of a Matchless mare. The other horses entered were Sir Walter Scitt, an aged horse, the property of Geo. Rou»e, and Young triton, the property of K. nnd & Konsb, ??..-.?-.?? Class 2. —Best siallion, 2 yearssrd under 3, £L Tbo priiefor the bcBt animul in this olass fell to Mr. James CrotBing a Clinker, -to whom was awarded a cup valued at £3— in lieu of thelmoney prize, Clinlcer being ad judged the best draught stallion bat of (he twelve ex hibited. Conqueror, General Chancy, and Young Invincible also competed in this section. Young In Tinaible U a beautifnl-iookiag rcan horse, and is the properly of Mr. C. B. Iibwe. Class 3.— Best stallion, over 1 3Dd under 2 .'yeaje, £1. There was only one entry in this class, Nanima, the property of J. AaronB, £sq. (Wellington), to whom aooordingly the prize was awarded. ~~ ' Clsss'4.— Best colt foal, special prize of £1, by Mr. CeorgeKousB The donor of thu prize whb himself -the winner, his colt, one of the foals of King of the Kingv defeating three other colts entered respectively by Mr. W. B. Blackman.-B and E. Kouso, and John Brown. The oolt en'ered oy the last-mentioned owner wuoneof the foals of Farmer's Glory. Ohtss 5 —Best mare, 3 yoars'and over, £1 Oonntess, on* of. BIr. Bdwin B. Bonse's draught mares, was ad jodged the beet out of three oom|-etitors, the.unsuo ' ?essfol mares being the Cope mare, half-sister to Countess, and Young Bloomer, an Atlas mare;. both are the property of Mr. G. Bonse. . '?-... i Class 6 Best fiUy, over 2 years and underi), £1.' The prize wasjnr«rded to a hay filly, the proper j- of Mr. G, Bouse, defeating Mr. James Crossing'^ He roine. The lire o{ the winner was Defiance, and the 4*m Atlas. . - - Class 7. Best fitly, over 1 year and under 2. £L The pr «e fell to the lot of Jlr George Boose, for a blackfillf, own sister to tha winner in class 6 It was the only animal entered. . ?-.«.-. ?. ? .:.?????:', Class g. -Filly foals. Special price of JEL by Mr. G. ? llouae. There were four entries, and the prise fell to the lot of a filly, 9 month's old. by Farmer's Glory, unfl the property of John Brows, defeating fillie* tn leredbyG.'BouM.E. Bouse, and.0. H. Cox, Tl.e sinner in this class was adjudged the best animal mong dnraght mares, «ndw&* awarded s, «un vattiel kt £S, in lien of the money pri»e, and also the ebain }\ek enp sb the beet animal among the tweDtfi^o entered in the draught horse section. ' Special prue by Mr. G. Bouse, for best coairtilng stallion, any ag« £2 2s, In this class ? *He : donor was himself the winner ; his Stallion, Palmerstbn, defeating Mr. Cljaa. liOwe'iBiimarek. Both the anim«.hnoiter«d in thin cT»fs ?ere well worthy of« mmendation. Special prUe by BIr. 8 E. TuoVerman, for the best pair ef plough hrtruu IA *Vht» ivlnnnr in ^Tiia Mntiftn «r«A Mr .tf Gawthome hie pair being deemed superior to a potr which Mr. W. Blackman exhibited. Speoiil priee f or the best draught gelding, £1. Mr. G. Bonso'a aged gelding, Darlint;, was the ?wiDncr; Mr. J. G. South wards was the only ether entry. ? ' SaODUS Hobsbs. .: There were fifteen hackneys entered in this clats, in which the prise was a £3 cup. ' The following b the I list in eitenso-Diok, the property of W. H. Lowe ; Gftiryowen, James Crossing : Garryowen, W. R. Blackman ; Wallace; J. D. Cox ; Slim Jim, C. B. Lowe ; Emperor. 0. B. Lowe; Glenooe, H. A. Lowe j Happy Jack, M. B. Lowe; Albert, G. H Cox;' Warrior, B. Bouse, jnnior ; Siockwell, G. M. Bouse ; Bowley, George Bouse : Merilla, George B»ylT ; Leo, S. E. Lowe ; Little Dick, CharltB Dykes.- The judges had the i»nit'^» paraded in a ring that they might come to a correct deoision in ohooting the best out of . the fifteen entries. Considerable excitement prevailed as one by one of the unsnccessf nl animals were ordered out of the ring, until at last there were only four left to judge from. It 'itemed some time before the judges could make any selection, but »t last tw» out of the four were crdered out. There remained now only Albert, !he property of G. H. Oox, and Warrior, B. Bouse, junior. After considerable scrutiny and examination, the latter was awarded the cup, and the former highly commended. Best buggy horse, £3 cup. for this price there were only three en triee— Jerry, the property of -C, £, Bowling ; Jesse, A. H. Cox ; Lucifer, B. Booce. The last a magnificent dnn-coloured animal, was much admired, and a hot favourite from the first, Dr. Bowling's horse, we should consider, an excellent horse for a long journey, while the pace of Mr. A, U Cox's mate was much admired. The cup was award - d to B. Buuae ; A. H. Cox's mare being highly cen mended. Best Hunter, £3 Cup. — There were n;.ne animals entered for this event, as follow : Jokes, the property of W. Farrar ; Blondin the property of John Jones ; Skyscraper, th*- property of G Dunn ; , the property of J. Moseby; Happy Jack, the property of il. K. Lowe; Foxhunter, the property of V. Dowl''nf ; Pilot, the property of V. Dowling ; Wallaby, the pro -e«y oi a. A. oiscKinfui; iMimrou. me properly oi J. K. Cox. Bach horse carried over 12 stone, and the hurdles were 3 feet 9 inche- high. Taken as a whole the jumping was very Fair, and I happy to add, de ?pite the isMpperj appearance of the gTound, no acci dent occurred. The managment of Foxhunter by G. H. Oox was much applauded. The animals were placed in the following order of merit : W. Farrar's Jokes, £3 cup;J. Moseby't ? , highly com mended; V. bowling's Pilot, commended. S. A. Blaokman's Wallaby cleared the hurdles very gamely, but was disqualified for carrying a less weight than IS stone. . . - ; CATTLE. The Exhibits in this class were very considerable, but not appreciably greater than those of former years. In the Durham cattle class there were six exhibits, and in the Hereford' class twenty. Among the former BIr. B. Lowe, of Wilbetree, was by far the ltrgest exhibitor and prise-taker, and still continues to keep his good name for Durham bred cattle. An B. L. beast is by this time looked npon as a really good one. We will now procesd to give the entries *nd a lint of prises, under the two natural divisions of Durham and Here- : Dukhah Cattle, I Class L— Best bull, 3 yean old and over, £1. Sir Hobert by Boyal Butterfly the 39th, ont of Beauty, and the property of Robert Lowe, was the successful anim-l in this class, .defeating J. Aaron's Prince of i Wharf dale, another' excellent animal, highly com mended by the judges. Sir Bobert was also adjudged ! the best Durh'nm bull, and is to receive a enp valued at £3, in lieu of the nwney prise. I Class 2.-Best bull, over 2 years and tinder 3. £L There was only one entry. I'rinca Imperial, by Im perial Pnrple, out of Boany 2nd, and the property of 1\. B. Lowe, to whom the prise was accordingly awarded. ClaBs 3.— Best bull, over 1 year and under 2, £l. For thi- prize there were three entries. Julius. .HeUman's Pearl, Andrew Brown's (unnamed), and George Iisuse's Bavensworth. Th« last-named bull out of ft li. L. caw was awarded the prize. . Class i.- Best bull calf under twelve months, £1. There were seven exhibits in this' class. The three most meritorious were : — 1. Butterfly, the property of Bobert Lowe, to whom was awarded the prize. 2. A bull calf, the property of J. D. Cox, which was highly oommeniled. Class 5.— Best Dorhxm cow, 3 years and over, £l. There were five exhibits in this class, one the proreny of Boyal Butterfly, and two Boial Butterfly 29ih; they were thus placed :— 1. Holly, a 3-year old Durham cow, the property of J. D. Cox. 2. Myrfc e the 4th, the property of B and E. House. 3. Minnie Girynne, the property of E. Lowe. Holly was awarded 1st price ; JMjrtle 4th, and Minnie Gwynae being hiebly commended. £L. There were four entries in this class, the prize animal being Hawthorne, one of the priruest of Mt. J..D. Ooib Durham heifers. To? Hawthorne was awarded the cup lor the best female Durham, and the champion cup as the best animal among the Durham. E. Lowe's Sugai Plum, a Boyal Butterfly heifer receives a second ptize. The prize heifer is by Frede- i riok the 2i d, onto! HoUy. : Class T.—Best, Durham heifer, 1 year and under 2 ; I £1. The entries and awards in this class were as fol- j lows :— R, and B. A.use's Princess the 4th, let prize ; R'iLowe's Heartsease, 2nd price; IL Lowe's Meny Lass, commended ; S. B. Lowe's Myrtle. Tbs sire of the prize heifer is Monmouth 3rd, and the dam Princess the 1st. . Class 8.— Best heifer calf under 12 months ; £1. The following are the entries and order of merit in this olats : — K and B. Bonne's HeireBB, 1st prize ; B Love's , Bed Boee, 2nd ; R. Lowe's Haideehighly commended ; i W. C. Lowe'e Princess Louise, W. C. Lowe's Countess, I S. E. Lowe's Venus, The prise imjn'! is an Ajax Booth caU. ' j Hebbfojjp Cattle. | The classes, entrances, and awards among Hereford^ arc as follow ;— I Class L-Best bull, 3 years and over, £1. G. H. Cox's Boyal Charter, price ; G. K. use's Defiance, ClasB 2 —Best bull, over 5 and under 3, £1 ; G. Bniise's Defiance 10th, prize Glass 3 — Brst bull, over 1 and under 2 years, £L -? G. Itonio'i Defiance 16th, price ; G. a. Cox's (un- ' named) | The cup for the best male Hereford animal was awarded to Defiance 15th. Class 4 Best bull oalf under 12 months, £1. G. Bouse'a Defiance 29th, price ; G H. Csx'i (unnamed), highly oommended, I .Class 6.— Best cow, . 3 years and over, £1. G. H. ! Cox's Comely, prize ; G. House's Daphne 13th. I Comely, a splendid animal, was awarded the cup. and (UO . VIUHUJUUU UUU. I Class 6 —Best heifer, over' 2 and usder 3 years, £1. G. H Cox's unnamed, pr Be. | Class 7 —Best htifer, over 1 and under 2 years, £1, G House's Tooaejs 31st, prize ; G, Bousv's Defiat:ce 30h. j Class 8.— Best heifer under twelve months G. ' Bouse's A.W. 38, pr sa ; G. H. Cox's -unnamed) highly commended; G Rouse's Corona 41; G. H. Cox's (unnamed). The jsdges remark of thece exhibits : 'A very nneclitB. : Best Fat Cow, apy breed, £1 cup :— F. and A. Cos's Durham cow,, prize; G. H Cox's Hereford cow,' hurhly oommended ; G. H. Cox's, Hereford cow; G. Bouses Hereford cow. ; G. Bouse s Hereford Cow. i i-esx x&v; j-uunciat any roreea. —no entry. Best Milking Cow, -No award. i Spboial PfliiES fob Cattle. X A. M'Donuld, Esq., cup, value £S, for five Dur hamcows, bred by, exhibitor; fed on natural BrasBos and net hand 'el.— The five oowa txhibited by Bobert Lowe wen this cup, defeating similar pens «f T. Bradford, G. D. Lane, F.. and A. Cox, and A. M'Donali '2. A. M'Donald, Esq., cup, value £5, for five i-ai- ham heifers, over two and under three rears, same conditions as before. — This prize fell to the five cows exhibited by Bobert Lowe. A. M'Donald and W. Kirk also eihibited five each. j 3\. A. M'Donald, Esq., cup, value £5,. for best pen of fire Durham heifers, over one year and under two ; , same conditions as above.— The prize fell to the donor who was the only exhibitor, SHKEP. In this section, above .all others, the superiority of , this year's exhibits over those of previous years was j apparent. Mudgea has always been tamed forits ex-, bibition of shtep, but the exhibits on Wednesday eclipsed all we have ever seen at any similar exhibi tions outaiJe Sydney. Mr. N. P. Bayly, of Havilah, who for' many years past abstained from bringing sheep ,to the Hudgee show, was one of the inhibitors/ and added, toy the presence of his hogget rams imd merino ewe*, in no small degree' to the success of the sheep section. Better pens of sheep have never been exhi biled herein, we believe,' in aay other part' of the xoiohy. The judges pronounced the pen of 3 hogget nmsJ[10 month) ' withoat fault.' It il rarely, we imagine, that suoh as «ntry or observation as this is fawde under the signatures ef the judges, ind there were not » few prejsnt who Appeared » envy the excellence sad pwfeotidn of Ox. Burly'* *i«ep- Mr. BaylyaWwoBlIr. H. 0. Wiitestwo Tei .-. k* f-41ow {thsjadgei marked them 1, 2, 3, ft the srder »f merit of course, only those roar ea lare entitled Io a prae; the others may be wandered as highly pommended and commended) : ? ? US!?* 1^?a»*»e? 3 ftne WBo1 'Mirino rains', any oge S3 Oap. O. Bouses pan, »hom 264 14, I ;'O. O. Cox's pen shorn 26-9 7i, 2 ; J. 0. Cox's pen, shorn October. ^74- E JLOx, Iamb and Roberts, G.HOox,G. Bouse, iH. Walker also whibited. .. Class 2. — Rent npit 2 ' uw^nnii -malUv -Ma«;«n *a«M. in/ age, £3 Cop. G. H. Cox's pen, »hora 1-9 74, 1 ; p Bouse'e also exhibited. ^ . Class 3.— Best pen three fine-weol merino rams, onJer 2 years, and once shorn. £3 cnp. C. O. Cox'a ri,l; S. A. Blackmsnn'spen,2; E. K. Cox's pen, Lamb and Bobertt also exhibited. j Class 4.— Best, pen three hoggett rams, not exoeed r**k *^* *****Miwi*m. «wi/ vuif. i.i* i» xmyij u pen, x i xu Aj Cox's pen, 2; O. O. Cox's pen, 3; S. A. Blackman, George Bouse, Cox and Knowles, Lamb and Koberts, p. B. Cox. The prize pen in this pea the judges pro nounoed to be 'without fault.' , Class 5.— Best pen three fine wool hoj&ett; rams. Exhibitor to be breeder, and neventohave won a pri*e. £L No award. ? Glass 4. — Bestpen three Sne merino eires, any age. £3 oup. G. H. Cfoxjs pen, 1 j G. Bouee's pen, 2 ; C. G. Oex s pen 8. E. K. Oox, Lamb and Roberts. J. C. Oox, and H. Walker also exhibited. ? Class 7.— Best pen three second quality wool merino ewes, auy ege. £3 cup. O. C. Cox's pen, 1 ; G. H. Cox's pen, 1. : Class 8.— Best pen three fine wool merino ewes under 2 years, and once shorn. £3 cup. G. C. Cox's l»en, 1 ; E. K. Cox's pen, 2 ; Lamb and Bobert'a pen, vjiubo ».— xwst pen tnree nogget eweB, not exceeding 12 month'. £3 cup. F. and A. Cox, 1 ; E. K. Cox, 2 ; F. and A. Cox 3. Olass 10.— Best pen three fine wool hogget ewes. Exhibitor to be breeder, and never to have won a cer tified prize. £1. Cox and Knowles, 1. Clsss 10.- Champion merino ram. Cup. C. C. Go^ 1; G. Bouse, 2; J. C. Cor, 3; E. K. Cox, G. H. Cox, Lato- and Roberts als» exhibited, Class 12.— Champion merino ewe. Cup. G.Beuee, 1 ; C. C. Cox. 2; G. H Cox, 3; Limb and Roberts, E. K. Cox, J. C. Cox alBo exhibited. The following special prizes ,were awarded for Bheep:— L Mr. a C. White, Woodlands, Denman, 10-guine* cup for the best pen of ten fine-woo'.led comliirg hogget rams, not exceeding 12 months tld, that have never been housed or stall fed, to be bred by exhibitor. 'Mr. *W V 'Rnvl^'c iipm ni Tame fift tnnntliB old) were the successful --iiimnls in this section, defeat ing similar pens entered by E. K, Cox, F. »nd A. Cox, Lamb and Boberts, G. H. Cox, and S. A. BUckman. 2\. Mr. H. C. Whi'e, Woodlands, Denman, 10-guioea cup for the best pen of twelve merino ewes, viz. : — Three 2 tool h, three 4 tooth, three 6-tooth, and three 8-tooth, to be taken either flocks or paddocks, but never to have been stall-fed or housed, and to be bred by exhibitor. Is this section Ut. N. P. Bayly was also successful. The exhibitors in this class were the same as the last, except that in this S. A. Black man's sheep did not compete. The pens exhibited by ' Mr. Bayly in this and the preceding claes, were really mapniQcent ; better sheep have sever -eet foot on the Mud'ee show ground. They are a credit to any breeder. 3\. Special price of £2 2s, given by the Hon. G. H. Cox and Mr. James Atkinson, for beet pen of three long and coarse wool rams (must be two exhibitors.) The prize was awarded to Mr. Joseph Aaron's (Welling ton) pen of three 5-year Leicester runs, shorn Octo. btr, i874. 4\. Long and ooarae wool ewes, tame condition*. There were only twe exhibitors in this section. —Mr. V. Cox, exhibiting two pens, and Mr. W. B. Black man, one. . 5\. peoial prise, given by Messrs. J. Anrons and N. P. Bayly, for best pen of three Downs wool rams, £2 2s (must be two exhibitors). Three pure-bred Lei cester rams, shorn October. 1874, J. Aarons ; three Southdown rams, shorn December, 1674, W. Black man. C. Special prize, £2 2s, for Downs wool ewes, on same conditions. There was only o»e entry, the pen of Mr. W. B. Blackman. 7\. The £50 prise, to be made up of ten donations of £o etch, fell through, there being only five willing to subscribe £3— Mr. ts. S Moses, Mr. J. P. Dickton, Hon E, K Cox, and Mr. J. C Cox. PIRS, &o.; Section 4. —A prize of£l was offered for best boar, ft.n/3 A At ml I AT- nnVA fnf flraofr srlar tSNntTAfl anlmnfn wbbva entered, and the prize fell to Capper and Cadell for thie best boar, and to, Lamb and Boberts for the -best bow, Mr. S. Winter's boar, and Dr. C. E. RoR- line'c bow were highly oommended. All tlic entries in tbiB seatioc were good. Section 5.— L Beit collection of fowls, 10?. Mr. George Hazelline, was the winner and only exhibitor. His exhibit consisted of game bantams seabrioht bantams, brahmas, and Nan keen bautams ; 3, best collection of geeee, 10s ; 3, best collection of turkeys, 10s ; 4, best collection of ducks, IGs. Mr. G. H. Cox's exhibits were awarded the prize in each of the above classes ; S, best collec tion of pigeons, 10s; best collection of rabbits. 10d. The priceB for classes5 and S fell to Mr. George Hazcl tino, who exhibited half a-docen v«ry fait rabsitu, and an excellent variety of pigeons. The rabbits were] following: varieties : 1 PRir black tumblers, 1 pair red I tumblers, 1 pair baldhead tumblers. 1 pa-r almond [ tumblers, 1 pair red mottled tumblers, 1 pair yellow ! tumblers, 1 pair black tumblers, 1 pair fantai s, 1 pair | yellow Jacobins, 1 pair mottled Jaoouins, 1 pair red ' .Jacobins, one broncewing pigeon (wild variety). The ' almond tumbler?, fantails, and yellow and mottled Jacobins were muoh admired, while tho wild broBu- ? wing a' traoted great attention. In this elate, E. J. Lovejoy *s collection was highly commended. ' Sect on 6.— 1. Best 3 bushels wheat, to be grown by exhibitor, Jacob Bteinberger, 1st prize £2 ; William Brookes 2nd prize. )0s. 2, best 3 bushel maize in cob, tolbe crown by exhibitors— Peter Kellv. 1st nrico £2 : Thomas T&lbot;, second prize 10* ; 3, best cwt. of oaten hay, 10s; no award was made. 4, best cwt. of lucerne hay, Peter Kelly, 1st prize 10s. ti, hew 3 lhsJof butter, Mrs. Talbot, Ut prise 10s ; Mrs. Harris, hijrhly oommended. 6, beet 2 flitob.es of hnson, 10s ; no ex hibit. 7, best cheese, 30s; no exhibit. 8, best cwt. potatoes, Thomas Long, 10s. 9, best owt. pumpkin, Jacob Beinherger, 10a. 10, best half -dozen turnips, Thomas Long. 10s. 11, best half-dozen carrots. Ah Kay, 10s. 12, best half-half dezen parsnips, Ah Kay. 10s. 33, best half-dosen onions, 10s; no eihibit 14, best half-docen cabbages, Ah Kay, 10a. 15. best half-dozen cauliflower?, W, Jessop, 10s. 16, best collection of fruits, John Smith (Wimdeyer), 10s. 17, best jams made in district, Mr*. Harris, 10s ; G. H. Cox., highly oom mended. 16, best red wine, £2; no eihibit. 19, best white wine, £2- no exhibit; 20. best collection of vegetables, Ah Kay, iiL 21, malting barley, £5, (snecial prize given by Mr. F. Lewin) ne exhibit. Section 7.— 1 Best saddle manufactured in the dis- trict. There were three exhibitors — Messrs. B. Murphy. J. I. Webster, and M. J. Sheppard. Mr. Murphy exhibited one plain English-made hogskin saddle, one plain hogskin, one with blue facing and hogskin seat, and a fourth, a hogskin saddle, with worked skirt. Mr. J. I. Webster exhibited a side saddle, a saddle with worked skirt and buff seat, a plain hogskin, and a bag leather stock saddle. Mr. M. J. Sheppard exhibited a single flapped stock saddle of good shape and make, but the stitching, although good, was inferior to the stitching of the saddle worked by Murphy, and Webster. The plain English made hog- skin saddle of Murphy's was awarded the prize, and another of his saddles highly commended. The side saddle of Webster was also highly commended. This decision gave rise to considerable excite- ment and complaint among those saddlers who were non-exhibitors, many of whom thought that Webster's worked saddle deserved the prize. The judges were gentlemen and not mechanics, and hence they may nave chosen wrong, but still the fact remains that Murphy's was awarded first prize. The whole of the exhibits in this section were very good. 2\. Best set of bugiry harness manufaclurrd in the district, 10s. . Mr. J. Knox was the only exhibitor And 'hence the prize was awarded to him, bnt competent I judges say it would not have made any difference, I whatever saddlery was brought into competition with it. Much of this four horse enrriage harness was made by J. Miller and S. P rry, the latter especially, very good workman. Tie pad and winkers were of excel lent make. 3\. Special prize by Mr. S. S. Moses, for best buggy built in the district. BIr. James Wilkins of the Great Western Coachfactory was the only exhibitor, and to him the prize was awarded, Half-an-hour after the judge's deaidon, another buggy, ma^e by Mr. Gellately, arrived on the ground. Mr. Wilkins' unpainted cart was highly commended. The throe exhibits were of a supeior class. Among special exhibits, I noticed canaries bred for sale by the exhibitor, Mr. W. HmeHinfe,- and highly commended; aad also some excellent Beed samples exhibited by Mr. S. 0. Barnes, a seed saleman, from whom most of the seed was procured that grew the jneoessfnl vegetable exhibits. A philosophic -and self possessed ship captain was passing through a, churchyard at midnight, when a ' sheeted ghost' rose up behind a tombstone, *nd »p praaabed.lum with oeuaciog gesture*. Theanoient mariner coolly raised his stick, and gave him a crack over &e; side of the head, asking him, 'What he meant by being out of bis grave at so Jate an hour ?' 