Facts and Fancies. SWITCHY.—The following is an advertisement in one of the papers verbatim: "To be sold, a splendid gray horse, calculated for a charger, or would carry a lady with a switch tail." A katter-offact doctor's wife attempted to move him by her team "Ah 1" said -he, " tears are useless. I have analysed them. They con tain a little phosphate of lime, some chlorate of sodium and water." Hers is a capital subject for some of our debating societies to wrestle with during the re mainder of the winter, tie. : " Beaolved, That the man who has no coat to his stomach is poorer than ha who has no coat to his back." Machijtoy has reached a great state of perfec turn. An exchange remarks: "We recently saw some burned peas put into the hopper of a coffee mill, and in less than two minutes they were oc cupying a place in a grocery window labelled " Fine Old Mocha." "And now, Mrs. Sullivan," said the counsel "will yon be kind enough to tell the jury whether your husband was in the habit of strik ing you with impunity t" v Wid what, air?" " With impunity." "He war, sir, now and thin, but he sthruok me ofthener wid his fisht." We must beg the editor of the &. Louis Journal not to call us a bald-headed scorpion again. Scorpion we may be, but bald-headed never, air, never.— Rock. Dem. Chronicle. The attempt* of this insidious fortune-hunter to still pass himself off as a bachelor are simply exasperating.— St. Louis Journal. Theatrical Statistics.—ln Europe there are 1500 theatres. France contains 340 ; Italy, 300 ; Spain, 170 ; Great Britain, 160 ; Austria, 160. In the course of the last ten years 50 theatre* have been burnt down ; and during the past century no leas than 130 were devoured by the flames, 20 of them being in London and in Paris, representing the value of eight millions. Dr. Wilkes, in his recent work on Physiology, remarks that " it is estimated that the bones of every adult person require to be fed with lime enough to make a marble mantel every eight months." -It will be perceived, therefore, that in the course of about ten years each of us eats three our four marble mantle-pieces and a few sets of front door steps. ' And in a long life I suppose it is fair to estimate that a healthy American could devour the Capitol at Washing ton, and perhaps two or three medium-size marble quarries besides. It is awful to think of the consequences if a man should be cut off from his supply of lime fur awhile and then should get loose in a cemetery. An ordinary tombstone would hardly be enough for a lunch for him.— Adder. Witchcraft in Japan.—Jealous women employ this charm to avenge the infidelity of their hus bands or lovers. Dressing herself in white, her hair hanging loose behind, a tripod (usually one of those used in cooking), on which three lighted candles are placed, on her head, while in her mouth she holds a torch of bamboo and pine roots lighted at both ends, and round her neck a mirror, the slighted fair one rises at the hour of the Bull (about 2 a.m.) and, taking an effigy of the faithless one, or, as the cose may be, of his frail companion, or of both, nailß it to a tree within the grounds of some shrine. At whatever part of the effigy the nail is driven, there injury will be inflicted upon the original in the flesh, but if she should meet the ghost of an enormous bull, and exhibit terror at the apparition, the potency of the charm is lost, and can only be revived with incantation and imprecations on the offending pair. The common mode of be witchment is to form a lay figure of straw, pierced with nails, and to bury it beneath the place where the person to be punished sleeps. 