MELBOURNE. Saturday. A prospectus has been-issued of a company for purchasing Sargood'e soft goods business ; capital £250,000, in fifty thousand shares at £5 each. The Blencàthra still remains unharmed notwith standing the recent gales. The report of the Australian "Widows' Fund shows satisfactory progress. The annual revenue amounts to £8600. The committee of the Racing Club has appointed a sub-committee to consider the question of handicapping. The second light house on King's Island is to be proceeded with, notwithstanding the apparent" disposition of the Sydney Government to shelve the question by referring it to the Marine Board which is known to be averse to tho view ex-, pressed by tho majority at the recent conference. The members of the Chamber of Commerce have memorialised the Government in favour of Point Netherby being the spot selected. The Wesleyau Conference, at which Sydney, Adelaide, and- New Zealand are represented by delegates, is now sitting here. They have resolved in future to have the body composed of an equal number of clergymen and laymen. Bach circuit is to elect one member by ballat, at the quarterly meeting before the Conference. The laymen must be chureh members of four years' stand ing. The Conference, passed a resolution, dis tinctly asserting with regard .to the admission of laymen and the maintenance of New Testament doctrine-that the ministry derives its existence from Christ; upon them devolves the duty of taking heed to the flock over which the Holy Ghost made them overseers ; upon them devolves the solemn responsibility of enforcing Godly disci pline und administering the Government of . the Church; and so essential is this to Scriptural ful filment of the ministerial office, so vital to the con stitution of Wesleyan Methodism, that admitting laymen must be held sacred and inviolable. 'The day was occupied in discussing an amendment to postpone the resolution, but the amendment was negatived. It was also re solved that the committeo of each institution to which a minister was set apart had the right to elect laymen, and reserved to ministersaloneto elect president, secretary, and chairman of districts and deal with all matters comprised in the first thirteen questions of the conference of 1873. A meeting of the Jews in support of the move ment to present a testimonial to Sir Muses Monte fiore, was held in the Town Hall. Resolutions were passed, and JJ50 was collected before the meeting closed. .The subscribers to the Melbourno Hospital car ried a resolution to admit graduates of the Univer I sity na honorary Burgeon's of the'hospital. " " I ".'Mr. Pinnock, lor many years Registrar of the Supreme Court, died yesterday. The Melbourne Exhibition opens on the 2nd September. j During the voyage o £ the Lasa of Gawler be tween Adelaide and Natal, a seaman named Tur redi stabbed a shipmate named Butler. Turred was handcuffed, but he threw himself into the sei (and was drowned. ! The market is cleared of maize at 5s 6d. ; j In the Prior poisoning,case the jury founel tba !Mrs. Prior died from poisoning hy strychnine, bu how the strychnine was administered was open t< 'question.. . . :' .< .? " I John Barrett, assistant bailiff, living at Ballarat, St. Carlton, stabbed his wife, Harriett, under the shoulder-blade last night. _ The neighbours founel her on her arms and "knees bleeding to death |while her husband stood over her. On their en itering, he said, " I have killed her." Hé had beer known to maltreat her before, and the woman is said to have old wounds on her body. ; ... ; ,." - . . , ??? Monday, j - A. W. Marshall, one of the Protestant Alliance rode over a woman, and injured her so severely that she had to be taken to the Infirmary, j The Mayor bf Melbourne planted the first of the !trees in Collins-street to- day. Mr. Casey, the Minister for Lands, was present at the ceremony ! The opera of Girofle Girofla -was a great succesf at the Royal on Saturday night. The music ÍB hoi so taking as that of ' Madame Angot, but it is s line opera. : Tlio Rev. Mr. Bailhache, the Congregational (PJ minister succeeding the Rev. Charles Clark, de livered a splendid sermon last night. He ie ar ' eloquent speaker, and a thoroughly earnest minis* ter. The weather is calm, but cloudy. There is a great Fire Brigade 'demonstration to* day at Sandhurst. All fire companies are repre seivted. At night there-will be a torchlight pro cession, jumping from windows, Sec., &c.; Tuesday. ; Barrett, charged with wife-murder at Carlton has been committed for trinl. Tlie action, Dobson against the DAILY TELE* «itAi'H, resulted in a- verdict for plaintiff on on« count, damages £10; and a verdict for defendant! 'on the other counts. A warrant has been issued for the arrest of i solicitor's clerk on a charge of forging a Govern* ment document and obtaining an advance upor it, In the Assembly, the address in reply to th« , "Vice-regal speech was agreed to without discussion i Only the mover and seconder spoke. A'bill re : lating to imprisonment for deDt was read a firsi time. . '.? I j The Rifle Association matches are to be held al Ijtheendof November. : 6500 persons visited the new picture gallery yes terday. . -, ,, . '"' .. ..I ' Parliament opened to-day, at 2 o'clock, with th« ,usual ceremonies. There was a good attendance iof ladies. - The ' Governor in his speech said it is the intention to eubmit to ii during the session proposals to enable the Educa tion Department to erect tho necessary school "buildings to accommodate entirely the increased number of Kcholars consequent upon tho pass ing of the Compulsory Act. A number pf sclrn larships will be made available every year, anc first-class training institutions will be estab lished. Negotiations will be. opened .with Tas mania to provide; for the free interchange of pro ducts ' and .: mamifácture, which it" is tc be hoped will facilitate a common under standing -between the whole of the Australasiar colonies and lead to a free interchange between them. Measures upon constitutional reform will be submitted, as well as a bill to secure more equitable representation for the people. Upon the subject of taxation the speech says, " The adjust* ment of the. incielence of taxatioù on a more satis factory basis is ripe for settlement, and deserves your most earnest attention to secure a more equitable distribution of the public burdens Propopals. will be . submitted to you for raising t revetiua .from sources hitherto exempt from tax ation, as well as for altering and remitting certain duties of customs, and thereby affording suostan tial relief to the great body cf the people. , The other measures embraced in the speech are as follow :-An Amended Land Act, Dills for ex tending railways, the establishment. of life in surance amongst Civil Servants, mining on private property, Harbour Trust aud Marine Board, an amended Publicans Bill, a Masters and Servants Bill, provision for a Metropolitan Board of Works, and a Fugitive Criminals and Absconding DobtorsBill. The Levee was poorly attended. The Fire Brigade demonstration at Sandhurst, yesterday and last night, was a. gruie success. There was a torchlight procession, iv vhlch hun dreds joined. During the promet" ie firemen competed for prizes, and jumped froiu high houses into blankets held by others below. ... The Grand National Steeplechase, yesterday, was won by Prodigious; Young Ballarat being second. ?- - . . The Hunt Club Meeting to-day was .the best attended'of any yet held. The new National Picture Gallery was opened for tho first time to-day. The building is 165 feet lonee by 40 feet wide. Mr. G. B. llailes, a colonist of thirty-five years, has died. Wednesday. Maize is quoted at 5s 4d. The real battlo in the Legislative Assembly will begin on the Land Bill and the Budget. The'latter is much approved of. As near as can be ascer tained the Ministry have forty-five member, with them, and the Opposition thirty-two ; but the former number includes many enemies. Business is dull at to-day's sales. Wheat sold at 5s Sri ; ilonr, £10 17s Od ; oats, 1000 bags at 3s lid to § ; maize wno lower at 5s 3d. Tlie inquest on James Sainsbury, late shipping clerk, showed that death was accelerated by want of the necessaries of life. His family was found in a state of utter destitution. The Amending Land Bill was introduced in the Assembly to-day. .> Thursday. Supplies of maize have led to activity, and eales are reported at 5o 3d. Tobnccoe are firm. Cameron's tono have been bought up to hold for higher rates; the reason is that it io believed tobacco duties will undergo a chance. j The Government intend to submit a resolution to Parliament, to elicit an expression o£ opinion. I upon the proposed annexation of New Guinea. 1 Some spéculation has takpn place on the Eng. ;lish Derby. Camballo is backed at 4 to 1, ani ' Galopin at 7 to]l. ^»Typhoid fever .bas, broken out at Kew. Mr. ; Ingles, the Rector of tho High School there, died oE ¡the disease . j Messrs Powers, Rutherford, and Co. report: About one thousand, head of cattle havo' been yarded, and sold at a slight advance n prices, ¡About fourteen thousand sheep yarded ; no altera tion'in value of best quality. ' ' > 