TOPICS OF THE DAY. A Second Edition of The .Herald will be published at Bix o'clock, containing a full account of the play in tile Intercolonial Cricket match to the drawing of the stumps, ana tue unisu oi tne inquest on itoDert Berth. A telegram has been received in Melbourne to-day announcing tho arrival at Townsville this morning, of the Torres Straits R.M.S, Singapore. If possible, a telegraphic sum mary of the news brought by her will be published in the Second Edition of The Hehald this evening. The details- of the Intercolonial Cricket Match lip to the time of going to press, will ho foupd in another column, A rumor has been circnlating in town that the Kitty Coburn has been lost off Western Australia, Tho rumor however, has not been traced to any reliable source,, nor is it vouched for on good authority. The Victorian Cricketers' Association will give a complimentary dinner to the Inter colonial elevens at the Athenmum Hall to morrow evening, at Beven p.nu Thero is sure to ho a large attendnnoe of cricketing notabilities. The inquest on the exhumed remains of tho man Robert Berth; who died in the Melbourne Hospital some time since,, subse quent to the performance of an operation on him by . Mr J. G. Beaney for calculus, was commenced at the Morgue this morning, hofore Dr Youl, the City Coroner, and a jury specially summone 1. The allegations made in the public preBS in rpforenco to Mr Beanoy's conduct in the matter are now well-known, and it is with a view to enquiry into their truth, or otherwise, that the body was exhumed. Great interest was felt in the proceedings by the medical profession, and tho public was not less anxious. A report of tho evidonco taken up to the time of our going, to press will be found else where. The B.M.S, Ellora arrived at tho HeadB shortly after 10 o'olock this morning, nnd steamed up tho South Channel to her usual anchorage, ' Mr Templeton, P.M., requests, jjs. to ac knowledge the rcoeipt of £1 Is, a Christmas gift for tho Richmond poor box, from Mr J, of tho Napier Hotel, Bridge Road. At tho Richmond' Police Court to-day, a man named Michael Mnlouy was charged with having stabbed n laborer, named John Cal- lnn, living in East St. Eilda. About half- past niuo o'olock on Christmas Eve, the prisoner waB fighting with a constable in a street off Ohnrch-strect, in which he lives. Gillian, with another man, named Michael Byrne, tried to get him into his house. Ho resisted them, and put his arm over Callnn's back, and stabbed him with a knife between tho shoulders. Tho wound inflicted was half an inch long, and penetrated to the bone, bub was not dangerous. The prisoner was committed for trial. Ellen Shanahan wns fined 40s with £2 2s costs, in default, oue month's imprisonment, for having used insulting words towards Ihomus Shemils, A collision took place just opposite the Albion Hotel in Bourke street, this afternoon, between a dray heavily laden with water- pipes and a brougham, which wns waiting for its mistress'outside Buckley and Nunn's drapery establishment, which, but for the presence of mind of the coachman, would have resulted in the complete destruction of .the carriage. The brougham received a severe shock, which damaged it in several places, but beyond this no harm was done. A most amusing incidout, and which had the effect of causing temporary repentance in the mind of nsinuer,occurcd at an early hour the other morning, in Sturt street (says tho Ballnrat Courier), A well known butcher, whs conducts a brisk business in the locality, was, at about two o'clock, accompanied by his favorite dog, taking a quiet stroll — doubtless moralising, as the sequel will show, on the errois of his wnys — when suddenly there was a yelp from the dog,' followed by confused noises. Before the worthy knight of the cleaver could asccrtnin the cause, a native bear had seized him by the leg, and rapidly ran up his body on to his shoulder, nnd there hugged him as tightly as possible round the neck, thus seeking refuge from his canine pursuer. The butcher, who thought, from the close embraces he was receiving, that lie was in the hands of merciless garrotters, ronred out 11 Murderl Police 1" ns lustily as he could under the circumstances. The noise had the effect of bringing a well-known policeman on 'the scene, "who, seeing the position of affairs, ex- claimea|"Oh, mother of Moses the devil's got a hould on you." " Oh," murmured the poor butcher, " if he will let me go this time, I will) bo a better man for the future, nnd reform." After n few more agonising ap peals to tho poiiccmaD, who, with a keen Bense of humor, delayed the operation of extricating the loving animal from its pos- ition, the repentant butcher hurriedly made the best of his way home, hut not without the bear, which he carried off a prisoner. Next morning tho owner of the bonr how ever, discovered tho whereabouts of his pet, and called upon the batcher to restore it. But besides being sorely scratched about 'the throat, the bntcher had sustained almost irremediable damnge to his coat from the claws of the animal, and refused to give it up until compensated. This was at last ami cably arranged, and the cause of the mis fortune was restored, on the understanding that nothing more was to bo said of the encounter. By our shipping intelligence in another column it will be seen that the two large ships, Carlisle Castle and Locliee, arrived in the Bay this morning from London, after making very fair passages. The former left London on the 7th of October last, with n full cargo and large passenger list. Considerable interest is felt in the compli mentary benefit to be givoD to-morrow even ing at tbs Princess Theatre, to Mr J, M. Christie, the amateur champion sculler nnd boxer. Some excellent displays of boxing arc sure to be given, as nearly all the best expnnents of the art in Melbourne will take part, the chief attraction being a set-to be tween Christie and Abe Hickon the cham pion of Australia, Mr Christie is well known in .almost evehy sporting Circle in the colony, and Mb numerous admirers are com bining to make the benefit a substantial one. Two lads named John Black mid Robert Muirhonse, were cbnrged, on remand, before the City Police Court this morning, with breaking into the 'office of Mr Kerr, a coal merchant, Spencer street, fon the 18th inst, The offence wbb proved. Tho father of the young scamp Black, a most respectable man, was in court, and appenred to feel his position most acutely. Muirhonse, accord ing to Detective O'Cnllaghan, has been convicted on three former occasions, once for breaking into a oliuroh at Geelong, The implement used by the prisoners in breaking open the office was a formidable but rusty-looking bill-hook produced by by the detective, who asserts that it did duty in the rebellion of '98 as a breaker of the heads of King George's liegemen. As the prosecutor did not desire to press the charge, the magistrates, not wishing to further contaminate the boys by a sojourn in gaol, discharged the prisoners with an ad monition. The friends of the lads were bound over in £20 for their future good con duct. It might have been expected that the duty to be performed by the jurors and .others who had to attend the inquest at the morgue to-day was not of the most pleasant charac ter. The body of the man Berth had been interred for three weeks, and it is nearly a week since it was exhumed, so that it neces sarily emitted a most offensive effluvium. The authorities with a view to rendering this as little offensive as possible, engaged Mr Joseph Sullivan to disinfect the body and the premises. This he did in a most satisfactoiy manner, and those whose un pleasant duty it was to he present, suffered bat little inconvenience. According to the Otago Times, a real sal mon, weighing 401bs, has been found in the Otago Province. It was found floundering in some shallow water by a North British widow, who proclaimed it to he a " real sau- mon." The HcbIi was red, and those who ate the fish pronounced it capital. The Maories are not only going to becomo Templars, but they are evidently very re ligious. They have invented a new religion, nnd are going into it heart and soul. A telegram from Hikurangi in the Otago Times says ; — ' There is no business of importance hero ns yet. All are engaged learning hymns of the new roligion. Singing is going on morn, noon, and night. Tawhiao's only speech as yet was his father's dying words, recommending them to live in; peace, love, and truth in the future." Our Doniliquin correspondent writes : — Tho townspeople of Deniliquin were sud denly Btartled on Monday by the sad news that Mr John Taylor was killed, at the race course, by being thrown from Iub horse, and the animal falling upon bim. He expired in about 20 minutes after the accident occurred. Taylor wns clerk of tlip course, and it was his duty to keep it clear and free from ob struction, Two men had run their horses round part of the raco-course, contrary to the rules, and Taylor caught one of the men, who was fined. Ho thon went after the other man, who was making away from him. Deceased started, at raqiug speed; after him ; arid, after going about 20 yards, his horse came into collision with another horse, that was blind in one eye ; he was thrown vio lently to the ground, his horse falling heavily Upon him, causing death almost in stantaneously. Deseased hod no leas than five daughters an the race- course at the time tile lamentable aocident oocarred, who wit- nessed the last moments of the dying father. One of the young ladies Iibb not yet re covered from the sudden and severe Bhock. The raceB were at once stopped. Great sym pathy is expressed for tho bereaved family. Deceased wag a most energetic man, and had amassed a large ameunt of property. Ho had, only a fow days previous to his un timely end, ibeon speculating on a lnrgc scale. I might add that thero is very sel dom, if ever, a meeting of the Jockey Club here without some aeoidont occurring which brings distress nnd sorrow to some hearts. Mr G. P. Smith, the well-known bnrrister- at-law and member of Parliament, loft by the s.s. Alhambrn for Now Zealand this morning, ill company with his son, Mr Victor Smith. The number of visitors to tho Nntiona Museum of natural history and geology for tho week ending December 25th was 870. Tho New Zcalnnd papers announce that Sir George Grey's health has been consider ably shaken by over-exertion. He recently fainted in the Provincial Offices, and has Biuce gono to Knwnu to recruit. Tho Good Templars have secured a victory hi New Zenlnnd. " A telegram from Auckland appealing in the Otago Daily Times, snys : — " Tbo whole of the ICingitcs have determined to become good Templars." The Otago Times has the following mime of politics in the islands : — " Shore are three parties in the State just now. 1. Those who desire to see all administration centred in Wellington. Among ourselves, these are represented by Mr Reynolds. 2. Those who desire to see lour Provinces, with a central federal Government: represented by Mr Macandrew and Mr Stout. 3. Those who desire to see Insular Provinces, a deBire warmly expressed by nine-tenths of the electors, but which has not yet found tho representation it requires," A young man, but an old larcenist, named Samuel Clare, pleaded guilty at the City Police Court this morning, to stealing a pair of plated candlesticks from tho Greyhound Hotel, Bourke-street. Ho was sent to gaol for two months, bard labor, The Bendigo Independent says : — Tho body of n man named William Joyce was found yesterday morning in a dam at Cali fornia Gully. The deceased was last seen alive about eight o'clock on the previous night, when he was walking in the direction of the dam. Several moDths ago the deceased was observed to wrap himself in a sheet and jamp into the same dam, from which he was rescued by the mniiager of the Johnson's Reef Company and another mnn. That circumstance, to gether with tho fact that the deceased had been on tho spreelately, leads to the belief that he committed suicide. At all events, that wns the effect of the verdict of tho jury, nt the inquest, which was held upon the body yesterday. Tho Apollo Hall was well filled last night, and tho entertainment gave ample satisfac tion. Awato Catnoshin, the Japanese jug gler, is simply a marvel. The dexterity and wondcrfnl precision manifested by him in the pedestal ball act is unsurpassable. It is notified that the troupe will only play lor four more nights. Dr Silvester's Becond season is likely to be a sucoessful ono. St, George's Hall was well filted again lastnight, and tho per/ormanee passed off very satisfactorily. The ghost, the fountain, and the mesmeric suspension are illusions which we are not likely to see again in this city. 