rTHE ADVENTURES OF JOHN . BENTON. The narrative of Benton's adventures during his long sojourn on the Solomon Islands is thus continued in - the Brisbane Courier' It was not altogether in such peaoetul avocations as w^re described in our last issue that Benton's existenoe was spent. The placid tenor of suoh a life _ was ire-1 auently interrupted by more stirring in* | oidenta. To all intents and purposes Benton had become to the savages as one of themselves. He accompanied them on trading voyages in their canoes, visited | with, them friendly villages, and even m times of peace penetrated with them to | the settlements of bush tribes, where, at, first be was regarded as a sort of ouriosity,, a feeling wluoh luckily, found expression ! in most cases in hiB being made much of i and offered the best of everything, espe-1 oially in the way of eating. In liko man'! tier he took part in the feuds of his tribe and accompanied them on more san« euinary expeditions. Among the people, separated as they are into countless tribes or communities, peaoe was a .very uncer tain oomraodity. Every aotion of their lives was pervaded by\ their superstitions, and in no faith , is the doctrine of the atonement of blood more prominently held or more prabtibally carried out, 'Very trifling cirouThstanoes might involve what, aocording to their beliefs, were 4wful and serious . effeots. Their gods were tinderstood to couoern themselves with every action of their lives, and a for cible part of their oreed seems to have been that theso deities wore jealous gods. If offendod the gods were not to bo ap peased except by the death of some one, not necessarily, however, tho oflendcr himself. The idea of vicarious saormco was a natural outcome of these ideas, A man might find himself tho subjeot of divine displeasure through no fault of his own. Incase of petty .squabbles, men had an awkward habit of; cursing one another, that iB to say, invoking, the hatred of the gods upon the person pursed. This luckless individual conceived himself thereupon to be in a critical situation. Unless he could avert the influences thus called down upon him he regarded . him selfi as doomed to destruction. A lite-r his life-had been devoted to the gods, and they would by no means relinquish so sweet an offering. But fortunately they were not particular, another man s "life would satisfy them and remov.o the curse. Under such circumstances, there fore, the banned man would appeal to his friends, to his tribe, to assist him in hnd ' Sng and putting to death a saviour. The appeal was never in vain, and the vrar nors of the village would take to the canoes and set out on an expedition tor. no other purpose than to kill somebody, and thus relieve their comrade of the celestial displeasure. Betaliation would, of course, follow the success of the lma sion, and an active war , would speedily lie raging between them and Some othor tribe of which n member had been sur prised and slaughtered. This it must be admitted, was a, superstition sufficient, ly calculated to make, singly, life in the island passably lively and exciting, but at least it had tho advantage of arising froqa a'nreventible and well understood cause. A second superstition is still more oheer ful.' At their meals these savage are most particular to clear up every particle of the fragments of their food. It is an understood thing among them that should any secret enemy, any false friend, manage to obtain possession of the minu test crumb of the food of which they had of a hair of their head, or a par mmmT nails, he held them in:his rmrni; with this rroinute article ^^^^^bi'ivntely present himself before, IIHEm gods in his hut, and casting ^fgforethem on the sacred space the artiole, speak the name of tho person' ho desired to injure, and invoke evil fate for him. Those occult practices aro extremely in teresting on account of their similarity to the reputed tricks of magioians and witches a few centuries ago m Europe. The inevitable result of these practices V?as the destruction of the person against whom they were aimed. He was certain to 'dio. He might linger a few days m a rapid deoline, but more frequently ho would bo smitten with unspeakable tortures, go raving mad, and bo a corpse in a fow . hour*/ On the occurrence of such a catasttfopho a new aotor would make his appearance on. the scene. The relatives of the deceased would, with as little delay Wb possible, address themselves to a powerful magician, of.whioh class a few are to be found in every part of tho island. This sagej after proper satisfac tion had been given him in the matter of remuneration-an^jie vfould charge ex treiriely heavily- would oome to the sppt .whqre thp.tregedy.had occurred,, and institute some mysterious ceremonies in presence :of; the <Rods. These ceremonies mvolved, of course, the usual aocompani pent, of.' roast pig. Benton's knowledge of the detail^ of such proceedings is Jiff ijed/to '.what he himsblf was told by others, arid is somewhat cloudy. He found it prudent to.keep in the back ground on such occasions, as it was inti mated to him that there "^ere some things too saored for vulgar eyes; as he had ghown'soine dispositionlo hold, the religi ous principles and doctrines of ^ the islanders in light esteem, his; inquiries were never, fully satisfied on this particu lar point. ' Some- things he was instructed, were above reason, and must be under stood by faith, and it is a oiroumstance worthy of comment that he! professed a distinct belief in the reality of the effects of the neoromantie processes in' question, while he spoke somewhat slightingly of all the other superstitions which ;he had been afforded opportunities of fairly ex amining.into. What might be the nature of * Hhe^ rites celebrated 'by - tho weird rieorom^ncer must consequently be left to the invagination;' " While they were in progress, which was invariably at dead of night, tho friejds; of the. deceased re mained in. a\\\e*struck attendance, while the wizard hovered around the corpse, doing something with occult substances whioh he carried about him-some South Sea substitutes, no doubt, for the 11 tongue of newt and toe of,frog," and otuer obscene matters approved by the witches in " Macbeth." Ihe exercise of. the wizard's, powers resulted, at a oertain stage, in a singular light issuing from the head of the corpse, rising above it, and floating and flickering in the air. After a while it made its wavering way out of the hut, and flitted away through the village and out over the water, increasing in magnitudo till it assumed the bright ness and semblance almost of a star. As it quitted tho body and flitted through the village the watchers silently followed it, emtJarking in their canoes, and grimly paddljpg after it into tho darkness of the "sight.' Wherever tho light might go| thither they would follow, preserving all tho time perfect silence. It mi^ht take them to a village miles away, or it might oirole round and bring them back to the very hut they had started from, but in any case it would settle at last on the roof which . sheltered the criminal. Arrived there its form would again alter, and it would spread and, swell till the whole hut roof would appear. as if throw ing off tongues of pale and livid fire. Tho pvengere would await the conclusion, I coming noiselessly as near as"possible; and before long the 'supernatural .presenco would affect the sleepor, who would be beard to moan and orv out in his sleep, oppressed with a nameless terror) bathed t in sweat," the hair of his flesh arising) and sometimes awaking with a start to rush and bury himself in the bush, or , fling himself into the sea, as if ohased by | some horrible thing. Whatever might at i that moment be his fate, the avengers would perhaps return to their homes as j silently aa they had quitted them. The man's fate was none the less deoided, He must die! And thuB another war would originate* We do not propose to enter into specu lations as to the amount of facts contain 1 ed in this narration, or tUe foundatiou for go extraordinary a superstition. Kenton himself did not profess to describe it from observation, but merely to repeat the accounts he received from natives. U1 the existence of the superstition, pretty much in the form in which he has given it, we have no doubt. Although Kenton is an intelligent and smart youug fellow, we do not oredit him with capacity to invent so weird a story. Among eommuniti.es which gave accep tance to superstitions so ticklish in their nature, it is apparent that constant feuds must unavoidably break out. ^ A little impulsive cursing might at any time cause tlie individual banned to feel under a neoessity to take somebody's life, and the slaughter of a member of another tribe and a stranger would for obvious reasons be sacrificed-would at onco involve entire villages in open war. It was well for Ronton that he had time to become fairly naturalized among his captors be fore any tronbles arose, as the convonience of knocking a friendless stranger on the head, in place of undertakingt a perilous expedition in search of a native victim, and of having afterwards to sustain the reprisals of his kindred, would undoubt edly have been too tempting to be with stood. As it was, he chanced to fall in with the islanders during " piping times of peace." He early formed an idea, however; as to tho ordinary condition of affairs. The village where he lived was surround ed by a ruinous and decayed breastwork of logs, the remaining tokens of a Homeric siege which his entertainers had under gone: What' was the original cause, " the 'direful spring," of the "woes un numbered" which fell upon this South Sea Troy he unluokily did not gather. Some'trifling matter became aggravated by reprisals, till the inhabitants of this particular village found themselves threat ened with the combined attack of an over whelming iorce of other natives. They had/however, sufficient warning to enable them to prepare for resistance, and worked'desperately cutting logs and raft* ing them from tho mainland to their village^ and ereoting the solid and lofty breastwork which still remains in places to testify to their labours. . They had their wooden rampart completed in good time, and shortly after its completion their foes, in countless canoes,. swooped down upon them. The breastwork served its purpose by preventing the assailants from taking advantage of their superiority in numbers and storming the village. According to the story, they did try to break through the weaker parts of the defences once or twioo, but were repulsed, some very pretty fighting taking place on those occasions. Foiled in. this direction, they did just what any European army would probably have done under similar oiroumstances. They; invested ,the place, and settled down to all the formalities of a regular siege and blockade. The besieged lound this rather a serious matter. They were cut off from their water supply, and in default of fishing and .tradipg became rapidly impoverished, especially as they had to consume their national, wealth in the form of pigs. At first^ some desperate expeditions by night managed to- slip through the circle of blockading canoes, and bring back sup plies of water in the same way; but " forlorn-hopes" of this description became such desperate service, and the besiegers I ecame so watchful, that they had to be discontinued. When every cocoanut had been drained of its juice, and death by thirst and starvation stared these Trojans in the face, they at length deigned to treat with a view to peace. Capitulation they do not appear to have entertained the idea oi, probably bccause the result of capitula tion would' be wholesale slaughter on tne Old Testament plan. However, they were successful in obtaining term's by surrender ing to the enemy tne persons of one or two individuals who had been prominent in the troubles which originated the war. With these expiatory offerings the besieg ing allies were content, and forthwith raised the blockade and returned to their homed.' This struggle was remarkable chiefly on account of the duration of the resistance offered and of the extent of the forces engaged. Benton's acquaintance with this sort of business was not fated to be gained from hearsay only. He took part with his tribe in various warlike expeditions and affrays. On one occasion the inhabitants of a sea* surrounded village at some distance had given his friends some grievous offence. Their fault was declared past forgiveness, especially as it was considered that the goiJs had by the same matter, whatever it was, been insulted\ from which it would appear that these savages are as ready as civilised people to discover that anyone who does anything distasteful, to them at the same time certainly insults Providence. A sudden raid against the offending village was consequently determined on, and just before > dawn one morning the war canoes arrived off its margin,and glided noiselessly to land; when, before a single sleeper had stirred, the -whole body, with Renton among! them, 'burst into the village like a legion of devils. The unhappy wretches thus surprised had not a ghost of a chance ? either to resist or to escape. Their canoes had been cut adrift and removed just before the assault; as fast as they rushed out of their liuts they were clubbed, speared, or shot with arrows, aud in a few minutes the adult mhlts of the village were exter minated. . One warrior, Kenton remem bers, by desperate courage and singu lar good fortune, ran the gauntlet of a hundred blows aimed at him as "lie emerged from his hut and dashed to wards the water. He gained the margin, ahd plunged iu till ho stood up to his shoulders in water, facing his pursuers, and diverting with the bow ho held in his hand the arrows whioli wero shot and tho spears which wero launched at his head. So desperato was his aspeot, that although 20 pursuers dashed in after him, ho held them,at defiance and stood at bay, nono daring to attack him hand to hand and face to face. At last, however, his fato came. A cunning warrior had unobserved swam out, aud now silently earno behind him with spear poised ready to strike. One moment ho was glaring in bold de fiance of the overwhelming array he faced-tho next the treacherous blow had struck him whero tho skull joins tho neok; his head fell forward, his nostrils gurgled a moment under water, and then his corpse floated on the sea and was trium phantly Beized by two score eager hands. The slain was beheaded and the gory spoils oollected to grace the victors' triumphant return. As to the fate of the women and children Ronton was not explicit, and we i did not press for particulars which he seemed seluotaat to give. Tli? reader may consequently indulge' Eis imagination. as to bow a number of; helpless females!J and infants were likely; to be dealt with; after the destruction of their proteotors1 and bread-winners-something, in thei Scriptural fashion, we presume, in whioh the Israelites, under divine instruction and sanction, disposed of similar embar rassments, so that in that respeot mis sionaries to teaoh these savagos their Sibles would be unnecessary. i Another expedition in whioh Ronton ! took part was round to the other side of the island against a tribo who had their habitations on the main island close to the beach. This raid was not quite so " successful" as the previous one. The time of the arrival off the scene of aotion had not been so judicially arranged, and the threatened tribe saw the gallant war* riors approaching and incontinently fled iuto the interior. Baulked of their prey, the invaders made the best of their dis* appointment by setting Are to the aban doned huts, ana, as is the mauner of gal lant warriors of all nations, in effecting a reasonable amount of loss and suffering where they were unable to murder. As they bustled about in the enjoymont of this occupation, they were disagreeably interrupted on a sudden by a rapid suc cession of arrows falling among them, discharged by a single hero, who from the margin of the bush thus resented their proceedings. According to Benton, this solitary patriot was in a state of mind muoh akin to the Malay a-muok ; that is to say, excited to a point approaohing mania, and utterly regardless of his own life. At any rate, he continued to shower his shafts on the men who were engaged in destroying his beloved home, regard less of the fact that a strong detachment of skirmishors had been detailed and were rapidly cutting off his retreat, and approaohing him from behind, dosing their ranks as they neared him. He con tinued wildly to shoot his arrows, even when his enemies closed upon him, and was fitting anothor shaft to the string when a dozen weapons simultaneously orashed upon his skull, or were plunged into his body. A few moments more and his carcase was mangled in a fearful man ner, every raw lad on his first war expe dition being eager to flesh his maiden weapons, in order that on his return be might boast in the village how he had struck a mighty man of war. Ultimately the headless oarcase was heaved high in air on the points of a score of spears, and fiung upon the blazing roof of the hut, the destruction of which its life had been thrown away .to revenge. In recounting these exploits, Benton, so recently removed from native in fluences and savage ideas could not help warming up a bit, and his quickened {utterances and flashing ' eyes showed that he had not yet dissooiated the recol. lections from a sentiment of glory and distinction. 