LORD LYTTELTOX'S GHOST. In. his " Tales of Oar Great Families," now publishing, ¡Mr. Edward Watford gives versions of the Lord Lyttelton ghost story from original papers which have been kindly placed at his disposal by Lord Lyttelton himself. - The first of these papers is a memorandum in the handwriting of William Henry, the first Lord Lyttelton of the new creation (grandfather of the present peer), indorsed, "Remarkable Drèani and Circumstances Attending the death of Thomas Lord Lyttelton" " On Thursday, the 25tli of November, 1779, Thomas Lord Lyttelton, when he came to break fast, declared to Mrs. Flood, wife of Frederick Flood, Esq., of the kingdom of Ireland, and to | the three Misses Amphlett, who were lodged in his house iii Hill-street, London (where he then also was), that he had hiid an extraordinary j dream the night before. He said he thought he ; was in a room, into which flew a bird, which j appearance suddenly changed into that of a | woman dressed in white, who bade him prepare I to die ; to which he answered, .' I hope not soon, | not in two months.' She replied, ' Yes, in three ! days.' He said he did not much regard it, be cause lie could in some measure account for it ; for that a few days before he had been with Mrs. Dawson'when a robin redbreast flew into her room. When he had dressed himself that day to go the House of Lords, he said he thought he did not look as if he was likely to die. In the evening of the following day being Friday, he told the eldest Miss Amphlett that she looked melaucholy. 'But,'said lie, 'you are foolish and fearful. I have lived two days, and, God willing, I will live out the third.' On the morn ing of Saturday he told the same ladies that he was very well, and believed he should ' bilk the ghost.' Some hours afterwards lie went with them, Mr. Fortescue, and Capt Wolseley to Pit Place, at Epsom ; withdrew to his bedchamber soon after 11 o'clock at night, talked cheerfully to his servant, and particualrly inquired of him what care had been taken to provide good rolls for his breakfast next morning. He stepped into bed with his waistcoat on, and as his ser vant was pulling it off, he put his hand to side, sank back, and immediately expired without a groan. He ate a good dinner after his arrival at Pit Place that day, and took an egg for his supper. It (he ?) did not seem to bo at all out of order, except that while he was eating his soup at dinner ho had a rising in his throat—a thing which had often happened to him beft re, and which obliged him to spit some of it out. His physician, Dr. Fothergill, told "me that Lord Lyttelton, in the summer preceding, had a bad pain in his side, and he judged that some great vessel in the part where he had felt the pain gave way, and to that he conjectured his death was owing. His declaration of his dream, and hii expressions above- mentioned, consequent thereunto, were, upon a close inquiry, asserted to me to have been so by Mr. Flood, the eldest Miss Amphlett, Capt Wolseley, and his valet tle chambre, Faulkner, who dressed him on the Thursday ; and the manner of his death was re lated to me by William Sbnckey, in the presence of Mr. Fortescue and Capt Wolsely—Stuckey being the servant who attended him in his bed chamber, and in whose arms he.died." The narrative is signed " Wcscote"—an Irish title which the writer bore before being raised to the English barony of Lyttelton in February, 1780. Mr. Plumer Ward, in his " Illustrations of Human Life" (vol i., p, Ißfi), treats at consider able length of this strange occurrence. Giving to a friend an account of Lord Lyttelton's ap pearance to Mr. Miles Peter Andrews, formerly M.P. for Bewdley, in Worcestershire, he writes :—, " I had often heard and read much about Lord Lyttelton's seeing a ghost before his death and also of himself appearing as a ghost to Mr. Andrews ; and so one evening while sitting next to that gentleman during a pause in the debates of the House of Commons, I ventured to ask him what truth there was in the story so confi dently related. Mr. Andrews, as perhaps I ought to have expected, did not much like the conversation ; he looked quite grave and uneasy and I asked him his pardon for my impertinent curiosity. Upon this he said, very good nature dly, ' It is not a subject that I am fond of, especially in such a place as this ; but if you will come and dine with me I will tell you what is true and what is false.' I gladly accepted the proposal ; and I think that my recollection is perfect as to the following narrative :— " In his youth Mr. Andrews was the boon companion, not to say fellow rake, of Lord Lytr telton, who, as is well known, was a man dis tinguished at once for his abilities and for a pro fligacy of morals which few could equal. With all this, he was remarkable for what may be ' called unusual cowardice in one so determinedly wicked. He never-really repented, and yet he never could quite stifle his conscience. He never would, yet he never could deny, a world to come ; and he contemplated with unceasing terror what would probably be his own state in such a world, if there was one. He was always either melancholy with fear or else mad in defiance ; and probably his principal misery here lay in the fact, that, with all his endeavours he never could extinguish the dread of a hereafter. He came came down to breakfast pale with the agony he had suffered in a dream which at first he could not reveal. It turned out that he thought that for his sins he was en closed in a globe of iron, of the dimensions of the earth, and heated red-hot. At that time all the world was execrating Mrs. Brownrigg, who was hanged for whipping to death one of her apprentices, a little girl. Lord Lj'ttleton had the greatest hatred and horror of her name ; and, to aggravate his punishment, he thought that this wretch was shut up with himself in the globe of hot iron. An imagina tion so strong could not but be activo, inquiring, aud restless ; and all this added to his fears made him harp incessantly on the question of a future life. lie used often to discuss this point with his friend Andrews, to whom he he at last ! said, ' Well, if I die first, and am allowed, I will come and inform you.' This was but a little before his death. That death was at tended with no many mysterious reports of ghosts, warnings, and prophecies, and most of them auch entire inventions, that I shall not trouble the company with them, but hasten on to Mr. Andrews' part of the story. ' But,' asked one or the ladies, ' when you say most of them, do yon mean that any one of them was well-founded 1' I can only tell you what I learned from Mr. Andrews, who, 1 feel sure, is good authority. It is true that the night be fore Lord Lyttleton died a fluttering of a bird was heard, and perhaps a bird was seen on his window curtains. It is not true that Mrs. Humphreys, or any other departed lady whom lie. had seduced, appeared to him and warned him of his end. It is true that lie himself thought that he was to die at a given hour, ami that the clock was put on in order to deceive him into comfort. It is also truo that lie was found dead in bed with his watch in his hand, but a few minutes after th'e tiino which he had mentioned as destined to be his last. But ! it is equally true that oil any great and sudden agitation he was subject to a swolling of the throat, which, without, immediate assistance, might have killed hinibystrangulation. However the coincidence of the event with the prophecy was at any rate remarkable. Andrews was at his house at Dartford, in Kent, when Lord Lyttelton died at Pit Placo, Epsom, thirty mile3 off. Andrew's .house was full of com pany, and he expected Lord Lyttelton, whom he had left in his usual health, to join them the next day, which was Sunday. Andrews him self, feeling somewhat indisposed on that Satur- i day evening, retired early to bed, requesting | Mrs. Pigou, one of his guests, to do the honors > of the supper-table for him. When in bed he ! fell into a sound sleep, but was waked between I 11 and 12 o'clock by somebody opening his ' curtains. It was Lord Lyttelton in a night- I gown and cap, which Andrews recognised. He ! also spoke plainly to him, saying that he was ! come to tell him that ' all was over ' It wa3 i commonly reported that he informed him that there was another world, and bade him repent, i etc. ; bfit this was not true. 'I confine myself,' he adds, ' to the exact words ¡ of the narritive.'' It seems, moreover, that ' Lord Lyttelton was fond of horse play, or ¡ what the French call mauvaise plaisanterie ; and, as he had often uiade Andrews the subject ! oj it, the latter had threatened his lordship with ! manual chastisement the very next time that it should oecur. On the present occasion, think I ing that the annoyance was being renewed, he 1 threw at Lord Lyttelton's hoad the first thing \ that he could find, which were his slippers. The figure retreated towards a dressing- room, which I has no ingress or egress, except through the bed j ¡ chamber, and Andrews, very angry, leaped out ! i of bed in order to follow it into the dressing- ! j room. It was not thore, however. Surprised I I and amazed, he returned at once into the bed- ( I room, which he strictly searched. The door was I locked on the inside ; yet no Lord Lyttelton was 1 l to .be found. He was astonished, but not | I alarmed, so convinced was he that it was only a trick of Lord L., who, he supposed, must have | arrived, according to his engagement, but after he (Mr. Andrews) had gone to bed. He there- i fore rang for his servant, and asked if Lord Lyttelton was not come. The man said, ' jSTo, ! sir.' ' Yoii may depend upon it,' he replied, out of humour, ' that he is somewhere in the house ; he was here just now, and he is playing some trick or other.' But how he could have got into the bedroom with the door . locked fairly, puzzled both master and mail. Convinced, however, that he was still somewhere in the house, Mr. Andrews, in his anger, ordered that no bed should be given, saying that he might go to an inn or sleep in the stables. Be this, however,.as it may, he never appeared again, and Mr. Andrews went off to sleep. It happened that Mrs. Pigou ¡ was engaged to go to tow n early the next ■ morning. What was her astonishment—having I heard the disturbance of the night before—to learn on her arrival about 9 o'clock that Lord Lyttelton had died the very night that he was supposed to have been seen at Dartford. She immediately sent an express to Dartford with the news, upon the receipt of which Mr. Andrews, who was then quite well, swooned away. He could not understand the affair ; but it had a most serious effect upon his health so that, to use his own expression, he was not himself or a man again for three years. ' Such,' adds Mr. Plumer Waid, is this celebrated story, stripped of its ornaments and exaggerations ; and I for one own—if not convinced that this was a real message from Heaven, which certainly I am not—that I at least think the hand of Providence was seen in it, working upon the imagination, if you please, and therefore suspending no law'of nature—though, after all, that is an ambiguous term— but still Providence in a character not to be mistaken.'' A Modern- Pable.—One of those singular characters known as travellers, who appear to have spent the greater part of their lives in wandering from station to station, obtaining food and shelter, rode up to apublichouse a few miles distant from Ararat the other day, narrates the Advertiser, and having dismounted, gravely in formed his horse that he had just five shillings, and he should toss up whether he should spend it all in drk'k, or appropriate a portion of it to the purchase of a good feed of hay for his steed —tails, the horse won ; heads the rider won. It came down tails ; but the speaking animal insis ted that the event was guided by the best out of three, when heads favored the tosser. " Now, old man," said the rider solemnly to his unfor tunate horse, as he'pulled the saddle and bridle off," " fortune has been against you ; you can feed on quartz in the yard there till I am raady.' The five shillings was soon spent in drink, the bridle and saddle were speedily mortgaged, and finally the horse ; and in the course of a day the ! rider was turned adrift penniless, to prosecute the remainder of his:>journey the best way he could. The Cate Otwáy Timber.—The Geelonq Advertiser remarks :—Soffit! idea of the magni tude of the resources of the Gape Otway forest may be gathered from the fact that within an area of 200 acres the proprietors of the Mount Sabine Sawmills, situated oighteen miles from Birregnrra. estimate that tliey will have sufficient timber of the very best description to keep their fine plant fully employed for the next two years. The timber generally employed is messmate and gum, and. the troos grow to an immense hoight. Not very distant from the mill is a giant gum-tree, in the hollow of which travellers with a pair of horses have been able to take shelter from the rain. We understand that there is a probability of arrangements being made for the supply of specimens of the splendid timber in which the forest abounds to the Intercolonial and Philadelphia exhibitions. In that case the proprietors of the mills referred to will be able to provide planks of g .".in 100 feet in length as an indisputable indication of the character of tho resources of the forest around them. Income Tax.—The amount of property and income tax assessed in Great Britain con tinues to increase. A return now issued shows that in the year ending April 5th, 1873, the amount assessed under Schedule A, in respect of the property in land, houses, &c.;, was £143,983,275, being .21,225,218 more than in the proceeding year. Under Schedule B, the assessment in respect of tho occupation of lands was on £38 128,432, being £598,153 less than in the preceding year. The assessment under Schedule 0, in respect of annuities or dividends out of public revenue, was on £40,530,120, being £1,833,700 more than in the preceding year. Tho assessment nnder Schedule D, in respect af the profits of trades, professions, &c.;, was on £205,719,775, an increase of no less than £10,414,523. The assessment under Schedule E, in respect of public offices under the Crown, was on £25,101,023, a decrease of £230,130. In the whole therefore, in the financial years 1872-73, tho tax was assessed on £453,499,125, being more by £18,090,223 than the amount on which the assessment was made in tho preceding year. Ten ye;irs previously, in tho financial 18(52-03, the tax was assessed ou rather lass than £323,590,000. ■ • ^ 