TIHE HISTORY OF OLIVER CROMWELL'S HEAD. (From Ilce Daily Telegrapic, January 2.) "Ecea Iterum." Are we never to hear the last of O)liver Cromwell's bead P A verbose gentleman, signing hiimself " Beusx," has come forward in the ealumne of a contemporary to say that he knows all sbout the history of the much tossed-about catut ,eorleura from thle year 1661 to the year 1874 in elusite ; and that the head of Oliver Cromwell, heautifully embalmed, is at present in the pomession efa retired surgeon at Sevenoakh, in Kent. The skull, it appears, has a length from the oc froatis to the eceiput " which is quite extraordinary," and one day, hefore the fortnnate gentleman of Seovenoake retired from practice, his assistant called him into tile surgery to point nut to him how eractly the shaven head of a lad, who was there es a patient, resembled the em balmed cranium of the Protector. "No wonder," remarked the gentleman who brought the boy to the srugery," for this lad is a direct descendant of Oliver Cromwell, whose name, like this boy's, was Williams before they ebanged it to Cromwell." We were not aware that any "direct descendant" of Old Nell had been extant within the present generation; but it is whispered tbat all the Cromwell-Williemses and Williams-Cromwelle had a common ancestraes--a party by the name of Harris, well known to one Mra. Gamp, of Kisgegateestreet, Holborn. The evidence, however, as to the lad with the shaven poll must be taken to be as conclusive as that of the brick in the case of Jack Cade's house; and it is clear that all the long-headed urchins who are going about town are "direet desoendanto" of Oliver. COteris poriaus alt boys with long legs are "direct deacendants" of King Edward I., colled Longsbenks, and all rod-Iseaded boys descendants of William Rufus: while all boys who squint are cousins of Jack Wilkes. Eat let us see how the famoes embalmed head-about the face of which the Protector's beard still grows "pramis cooosly," while there is a "hole" in place of the wart which Cromwell bade Cooper to copy exactly uoder ponalty of not being paid for the portrait he painted -came into the possesion of the~gentlemaa at Seven oaks. According to "Senec," the bodies of Cromwell, Ireton, and Bradsheawe, after hanging from the gal. lows at Tyburn on the B0th of January, 1661, wer decapitated. The corpses were Sung into a deep pit at the foot of tbe gibbet, and the heads were stulk on the top of Westminster Hall, "where at that time sentinele walked." It may not likewise be generally known that there was also a sentinel on thle top of Temple lar, and that two Life Guardsmen kept con tinual watch aud ward on the summit of Bow Church steeple, the old dragon there being apt to go to sleep. The sentry who eat astride the lion on tice top of Northumberland House was a more modern function ary. "Senes" proceeds to tell us that Cromwell's head, being embalmed, bore the asperity of the weather much better than Iretan's and Bradshawo'e, which very soon fell into decay. The Protector's skull re mained exposed for twenty-fiSe years; when, one stormy night, it was blown down, and picked up by the sentry, who hid it unoder his eloak, took it home, and concealed it in thlo chimney-corner. As inqairies were constantly being made about the missing bead by the Government, it was only on his dcath-bpd that the head-tuber resealed the place ofito concealment. His family sold the relic to "one of the Cambridgesjii Russells," one of whose "direct descendants," being a needy and earelese man, exhibited the skull for hire in a "museum" somewhere near Clare Mar ket. Russell made over the head to a showman named Cox; and Cox smid it for £280 to three gentlemen, who made a public exhibition of the remnant of mortality in a place called Head's-court, Bond-street. This was "about the time of the French Rovolutiooj" aud, unless we are much mistaken, the three speculatore of Mead'-ourt puffed their show in a catchpenny pamphlet, the statements in which are about as trestworthy as the celebrated and apoery phal history of the Antec children, put forth by a cuan ning charlatan when those miserable snd deformed objecto were exhibited in the metropolis. "Curioealy enough," pursues "Senex," "it happened that each of the three gentlemen died a sudden death." The fact is not so "curious" as it might appear to be. Is "Scnex" unoacquainted with the ease of the iThree Masons who dug up the bones of Nell Cook frdm un der the pavement of the dark entry at Canterbary P Has not tbat accurate authority Mr. Thomas Iegoldsby told us that of tle Masons Three "two were hanged at Tyburn tree for murderiug of the third P" Bat the irrepressible head came into tbe possession of the three nieces of the three gentlemen who had so saud denly and "cariously" given up the ghost in MHad'as court. These young ladies did not like to keep the grisly thing at home, so they asked their medical man to take care of it, and ultimately they sold it to him. This gentleman was in the habit of exhibiting it "to all tlce distinguished men of the day:' including the illustrious sculptor, John Flasman, who at irst was sceptical, bat who, mesauriag the skull, and Soding tihat the jaws had a "jowlish appearance-so like Oliver I-went away convinced and delighted." So this is the pedigree of Oliver Cromwell's head s and all we can say about it is to re-echo the "Prodigious i" of Dominie Sampson. "Bones" anseats that, in addition to the iuformation he has received from the retired surgeon at Sevenoaks, he has con suited sundry "printed resords" bearing on the subject. Is there, we may ask, any printeo record, worth twopensesbalfpenay, as to the fate of Oliver Cromwell's head, beyond the following extract from Pepye'e Diary P " Feb. 5, 1661: Into Westminster Hall, and thare saw my Lord Treasurer (who was aworn to-day at the Exebequer) go up to the Treasury Ofleesaad take possession thereof; and also saw the beads af Cromwell, Ieton, and Brad alsawe set op at the further end of the Hall" In teib terse statement there is an oveewbelmiag weight of esidenc to show that the beads -were exhibited not outside and on the roof, buat it the interior of West minster Hall, which was then, like Panl's Walk, a place of public and fashionable resprt. The "further end" would be where now the etoircaas is which leads to the lobbies of the Housee; ut, had the heads been displayed "at the furtber end," on the roof, they would have been invisible from Palace-yard, and the whole object of tboe ghastly exhibition woald hove been defeated. How'eve?,th~e story told by" enes" is a very good one, as far as it goes; and did not Mr. Shandy tell ns another one about a cock and sbull P [There is a tradition that Cromwell's remairs were never subjected to disgrace, but that the body wae privately conveyed to Huntingdon and theee interred, while another corpse was cleverly substituted and be headed in 161.--En. Q. T.) 