FICTION. XFront Engllnb, American, and other Periodical*.) A SEA FLOWER. f CHAPTER IX. V UNDER THE SOUTHERN CROSS. ' \\. I could He down like a tired child, XAnd weep away the life of care Which I have borne, and yet must bear. Shelley, Fromj the smoky skies and crowded streets of j the toyshop of Europe-from Birmingham, with i its thousand voices ot wealth and labour, to the silcnoo of the Australian bush-from under the Great Bear and the clear cold skies of the North to the Southern Cross is a long stride j yet we may take it, look in upon the loneliness of an exile sitting there, weary and homesick, with h'lB head upon his hands, dreaming of the home he may never see again, perchance. It is not a pretty place this lonely clearing at the Antr T^,!"= TM,0..0 i= litl-1« r.t -»c-* -- podes. There is little of refinement, or even comfort, about the rough building, and its in- mate looks, at the first glance, like a rough Btock- kecper, yet there was a time when he moved in fashionable society, and fluttered through/the gaieties of a London season like any other man about town. Mrs. Hüls ton would not have known ber brother could she have looked in upon him by chance, for it is Edgar Gwynne who sits there, a very shadow of his former bright self. He is not an old man-wanting still several years of forty-but his bair ÍB gray and thin, and his face lined with furrows, born of priva- tion and sickness. In England they are coû- tent and happy about bim ; his friends think of him as a prosperous Australian farmer, and he is careful not to undeceive them. He emigrated, as many a man has done before him, full of hope and expectation, and sanguine in his belief that the few hundreds he had managed to scrape to- gether would turn to thousands as soon as tbey were invested in the gold- yelding soil of Austra- lia. So they might, perhaps, had he known how to apply tbem properly, but ignorance is expen- sive in the colonies, and he soon found himself almost penniless, with no prospect before him of bettering his condition. Bat he had thorough English pluck and resolution, and he weathered \- the storm in a small degree, and finally settled down ojp a small run in Gippsland, South Aus- tralia. \ Misfortune overtook him again-his sheep dîçd, hi^servants proved faithless, and be himself waTstricken with fever, and lay long hovering between life and death, tended only by suoh of the settlers round as were humaue enough to pay him a visit now and then, and an old black woman, to whom he'had once been very kind. He had saved her from a party of another tribe, who were amusing them- selves by ducking her in the nearest water hole, and who had well-nigh ended her life and her chattering together, when the welcome assistance came, and she became Edgar Givynne's slave from that hour. True she was not much use Bhe could do very little except light a fire and chatter, which sbo did as only a native Aus- tralian can, but she was a human being-some- thing to stand betweeu the sick mau and the awful loneliness which makes the dread of coming death so terrible. Even she was not with bim on this lower- ing autumn evening ; she had gone off with some of her tribe to/hold their King conclave over some weighty domestic matter; and but for his dog, a great brown retriever, with long, drooping ears, and eyes of almost human sagacity and quickness, he was quito alone. Nell could be fierce enough at times. She hada dash of the wolf-hound in her composition somewhere, but to her master she was ever gentle and loving. Her great flat feet enciroled his leg as he sat there, and her nose rested in loving confidence on his toes. She sympathised with him sincerely, and let bim see it in the best way she could. Presently there oame a sound distinct from the rustling trees, wbich tells of a ooming storm, and the screaming cockatoos and whistling parrots which make the air noisy with strange nn-Englisb notes as tbey whirl and flutter in the air and the tree tops. " Footsteps," he muttered, " and rain too," as a rattle and splash everywhere outside told of a suddenly-descending flood. " Who can it be? Down, Nell, old girl. Time enongh for you to talk by-and-by." He laid his hand on the dog's collar, for it would have sprung to the door, barking furiously. The footstep seemed to stop, and then there was a faint call, as though the person were in doubt or distress. Edgar Gwynne flung the door wide open, that the light in his hut might be seen, for darkness bad come with the rain, and he had been obliged to light a candle. He could see nothing, but be shouted as well as biB feeble voice would permit, and there oame back through the darkness a faint "Hullo!" " Come on, whoever you are," said Edgar Gwynne ; " this is no night to be out in." " No, indeed," said a pleasant voice, and a ' man emerged from the darkness and the blind- ing rain, and entered the hut. " Where can I shake myself?" was his first question, and his host opened a door into an \- outer shed, Nell sniffing round the stranger's legs the while, but expressing no opinion as to to his merits as yet " Thanks, friend," the stranger said, after he bad shaken the worst of the wet off his clothes, and divested himself of his coat. " You're a good Samaritan of the first' water to let a fellow in whom you don't know on a dark night like this." " You'd have been drowned outside, I'm thinking. Sit down. As to your being a stranger, that doesn't matter. I'll take my dog's opinion before all the world.- Nell appro- ves o£ you, so does ber master." Nejll decidedly approved. She smelt every- thing the new comer wore, surveyed him in front and rear, and finally sat down in front of him offered him a great shaggy, webbed foot as a mark of esteem and confidence. The paw was taken, and in the laughter wbioh the dog's comical appearance provoked the two men beoame like old friends at once. It is astonishing what friendships are struck tip hastily in the solitude of the bush. It is suoh a boon sometimes to see a human face be- sides the convict servants and blackfellows. __^lIdon't know you," Edgar Gwynne said at lengïin "Yon don't belong hereabouts, I think." /'No; I'm a hundred miles nearer Sydney than yon are ' Barrowness' my place is called. I've been to your neighbours over the hill yon- der." "Oh, Bellamy's?" " Yes." \-- i es. "Youknow them?" " Well, no. I came to see some stock, and my horse fell lame ; I had to leave him there, and^got (Wandering about this afternoon. I thought ]\was going straight back there when the storm came on." " No, indeed j yon were going straight away from it. You'll find it easily to- morrow." " To-morrow ! Can yon keep ree all night ?" " If yon oan pat np with snob, rough accomo- dation as I oan give yon." " I oan put up with anything, and be thank- ful." There was something in the tone of the stranger's voice that was familiar to Edgar Gwynne-something in the tarn of the head and the easy, unstudied attitude that oried oat to be recognised, and yet for his life he oonld not rcoal where ho had seen his guest before. He looked at the BUD burnt face, with its dark eyes Ana the magnifiaient brown beard that Aonered the lower half of the features ; somehow he seemed to hear music, and see prancing ./horses and waving flags, and be transported in Tfcfit to the old life of so many years ago. T!§haw ! nonsense !" he said to himself ; " it oan%¿e-he's thousands of miles away from here.^fcth Presently tficMsanger spoke again, and now the voice bad no familiar ring. It was merely the tone of a dweller in the bosh-nothing mare. " That's a fine dog of yours." " Yes, Nell's a beauty. Thorough-bred I was told when I bought her, but she's not-she's got a fierce strain in ber that doesn't belong to a re- triever ; sho'B all the better for it, I think." " She's about perfeot," said the guest, who had been submitting Nell's mouth and paws to a cri- tical examination, which she endured with mach dignity, bat perfeot composare. " Will you sell her ?" "Sell her! Sell Nell! Why, man, I'd as soon think of selling my sister, if I had one No money could buy my dog-could it, old lady ?" And Nell's tail said " No" upon the rough floor in emphatic taps. " No, of course not. I was a fool to put such i question. One's dog is one's friend out in bese parts. I should like just such another, if [ could get it " He puffed away at his pipe-rather a dainty and carefully kept meerschaum, yet which, nevertheless, did not look in the least out or keepiog with his rough costóme. Presently ho out the pipe away and began to whistle a tune which Edgar Gwynne knew well, and which mado his heart leap with a strange thrill of pain. Thewhistling merged into soDg presently, and a rich, musioal voice trolled out 11 Ana tender yearnings rise anew For love that used to be ; If you could know tbat I waa true. And I that you wai nee Ah. love once again. Trust me once again. Old Love is waking ! Shall it wake in vain ?" Edgar Gwynne started from his seat and laid his hand upon bis companion's shoulder. In a flash his heart and memory leaped over years of exile and ten thousand miles of land and sea, to the days wheo he held Daisie Gower to bis heart, and whispered that ho loved her. She bad been wont to sing that song to him, warble it right into bia heart, and the voice that was »inging it now by his fireside in the Australian bush was Percival Gower's, his once dear friend and brother officer. " I know you now," he said in a husky voice. -. AUI/IT j vu Mun, UW OtllU IU a UUBKJf VU1UU. "Percival, is it you? or am I only dreaming?" " Ab, it's myself in the flesh j but for the absurdity of the thing I should have said I knew you half an hour ago. Edgar Gwynne, what on earth are you doing here !" " Well-starving pretty nearly. Australia hasn't prospered with me. However, things will look up now, I hope. It was no UB6 to go home and add to the burthens there, so I just stayed, hoping for better times " '. I thought you were at Sierra Leone ?" said Percival Gower, after a pause. " So I was ; but life is strong in us all, and I thought I had had enough of fever after I bad been down with it twice. It sticks to me though ; I've been at death's door with it hore." " I haven't been troubled since the first year," Gower said. " I've been out here almost ever since poor Daisie went away " " Are you never going back ?" " Oh, yes, I hope to go in a year or two. I hope to take something with me to help to en- dure the old place. My father seems content for me to be away now, though Milly writes roe word they are very impatient for me to get back Poor Milly ! It's a lonely life for her." " Isn't she'marriedyet ?" " No." " Miss Gower still ?" "And seems likely to be. It's ten years since all that wretched time. Look here, Gwynne; come back to Barrowness with me for awhile. The place is dry and bracing, while here you seem to me to be in a swamp. My housekeeper (I have one, I assure you, a most discreet dragon) will nurse you up and receive Nell with delight. She has a passion for dogs, and would make Barrowness a home for stray ours if I would let her. Her pets are apt to die suddenly and mysteriously, or else we should be overrun." " You must answer for Nell's safety, or I shan't come," Edgar Gwynne said, laughing. " Nell is a lady, and shall be treated as snob," Percival responded. " I only practise upon the wretched animals my old woman collects." " Why bave you never married, Gower, in all these years ?" " Well, I've left my heart in England, and somehow or other it won't come back to me. It's all. bosh, I dare say, but the memory of one wo- man ezoludes all others. I daresay when I go back I shall find her somebody's else's wife, with bis obildren about her. The sight may cure mc, may be, like a sadden doache cures pain, bat no- thing else will. Ah, Gwynne, what a change from those boyish days ! I used to fancy you would marry Daisie, and-" " Don't !" said Edgar Gwynne, sharply. " The pain is as sharp now as it was then. Her death made no difference." " I don't believe she is dead, Gwynne." "What?" " I don't believe Daisie is dead." " Why ?" " Well, many things have happened to make us all tbink so. Somehow, there was a ring of falsehood in that letter Mountsorrol wrote to me. It always seemed to me to bear another meaning, and about five years ago the brute died." " Meaning his lerdship ?" "Meaning him. He's gone to his deserts. That marriage was an awful blunder, and the sin of forcing it on has recoiled on my poor father's head with miserable bitterness. What do you think was almost the last act of that wicked man's life ?" " I can't guess." " To write a letter to my father, Celling him that, for aught he knew, Lady Mountsorrel was alive still. He called her a foul name, and said that she had left him of her own acoord, bo believed, to lead a life of infamy with somo more favoured lover." .' The scoundrel !" " It is hard to believe that earth could hold such a fiend. He said he did not think that she was dead, for that creeping things and fawning reptiles were hard to kill, and he bade us seek ber and enjoy her pure society till it pleased the Lord to take her to heaven. Those were bis very words, and he finished up by Baying that he had settled his affairs and left his property to those worthy of it." " And is that all the clue ?" " All ! The same mail that brought that let- ter brought news of its writer's death. We easily obtained eorroboration of the fact that Lady Mountsorrel did not die io India, but all trace of her has vanished. This much we man- aged to learn-that when she disappeared she took with her one or two articles which we have vainly endeavoured to trace." " what were tbey ?" " Well, all her jewels-her diamond bracelet. You remember those bracelets, Gwynne ?" " Yes, I remember. What else ? For God's sake tell me what else !" And Percival Gower looking up, saw that his friend's face was ashy white and his lips quiver- ing. " What is it ?" he asked. " By-and-by-I'll tell you presently. Tell me what Lady Mountsorrel had with her when Bbe left her wioked husband." CHAPTER X. A THBEE-MONTHS-OLD "TIMBS." Bat, ob, for the touch oi a vanished hand, And the sound of a voice that la still. -Tennyson. " What makes you look like that, Gwynne ? Has any knowledge of, or guess at Daisie's fate, ever come to you ?" Peroival Gower gazed eagerly at his friend as he spoke, dreading he scarce knew what ; and Edgar's voice was very tremulous as he ans- wered " I feel as though I were in a dream, Gower. Will you tell me all you have ever foand oat about Ladv Mountsorrel sinon sha loft, har Vina. about Lady Moantsorrel since she left her hus- band ?" " It ia very little ; there is no proof-not the slightest. All we can get at is that a lady answering to Daisie's description, but calling herself Mrs. Christie, went from Calontta to Madras about that time. She had a child and an ayah with her, but she left the latter there, and sailed for New York alone. We have cer- tain intelligence that she reached America and that is all?" " You have no farther olue V " None ; if it were indeed Daisie, all trace of her is as completely lost as if the earth had opened and swallowed her up. We have searobed, advertised, done everything that mor- tals can do, bat without success. My father fancies that if she has seen the advertisements, or beard of onr efforts, she may fanoy the en- quiries proceed from her husband, and so evades tfcom." " Very likely." "I havo taken care there shall be no such mistake in my share of the search. If she bas ever seen any of my advertisements she must have known they oame from her friends. I sometimes think she may bave been murdered, poor girl 1 in some assumed name, for the sake of the money and valuables sho had with her ; and yet I think that surely some of the things would bave been traoed. The shawl has been described over and over again in the newspapers ; and Milly writes me word that she wears hers on every' public occasion she oan, hoping that some one may recognise the peculiar pattern of it, and give some olue to where the other is." " A shawl, did you say. What was it like ?" " A Cashmere-of rather a loud pattern, I used to think, till I was asBured it was tomme il faut to wear such things. It had great scar- let flowers - cactus blossoms, I fanoy - all over it, and gold tracery about it. That and a queer chain shet had-all Indian hieroglypbios and curious ehasing-ought to bave been enough to identify her ; unless, as I say, she has been murdered, and the things destroyed " " She was not murdered, Gower." " How do you know-what do yon know V asked Peroival Gower eagerly "I know nothing-I only goess. Lady Mount sorrel Btarted for home to seek the sheltering oare of her friends." " How do you know ?" " I have seen the chain and shawl yon speak of" " Where ?" "In the house of a sailor at Weston-super-Mare. I was on a visit to my sister- the one who mar- ried a clergyman, yon know-and there I saw a child " "A child, too?" " Yes ; the living image of your sister Daisie. A sailor had adopted her, and his wife had kept all the things that they bad with her, and showed them to me. There was the shawl and the ohain, and the man told me something about seeing a diamond bracelet, as well." " I don't quite understand," said Gower with a perplexed face " If you saw the things and the child-where was Daisie-what bad become of her ?" " Ah, there was a terrible tale to tell of how the good man (for he is as good a fellow as ever walked tbe earth) oame by the child. His story was that its mother-" " Down, Nell, down, good dog," said Gower laying his hand on Nell's collar, for she had »tar ted up with furious barking whioh completely drowned their voices. But Nell would not " down," and forgetful of her former friendliness, turned and growled at her new acquaintance in unmistakable enmity. " She hears something," Edgar said " Listen, Gower ; something's wrong." Something seemed to be very wrong, Judging from the unearthly Bbrieks ard howls whioh were boroo upon the wind. The pattering of the rain had ceased, and the air was still again, so that every sound oonld be distinctly heard Edgar Gwynne listened again, and then laughed. " D's only old Bellows," he said. " Bellows ?" " Yes, that's what I oall my old black woman -her equal for wind I never met. But Nell doesn't generally bark at her. I can't think what ails her to-night." " Open the door and let the lady in. If that is the way she asks for admittance generally I should fanoy you didn't keep her Waiting long, as a rule." Edgir laughed and opened the door, and the old woman never ceasing for a moment her bowls and clatter, tumbled into the hat, and squatted on ber heels in the middle of tbe floor. Nell SDuffed at ber, but did not cease barking, and rushing oat she waited outside, danoing round in wild excitement, as if begging tbem to come and join ber. "What's the matter, Bellows ?" asked Edgar Gwynne. Amidst a chorus of " Ohs 1" and " Yahs 1" and a repetition of something that sounded like " Burra Burra, Woo," the old woman informed them that she was plenty huogry, plenty cold, and that the bushrangers wore at Bellamy's, and might be expected on the spot at any minute Bushrangers ! The two men looked at one another in horror at the word. They were both of them as brave men as need to be ; bat what eould they do against a gang ? Suoh stories of busbrangiog atrocities as made the very hearts of thoso that heard them stand still ; tales of men, bound and helpless, and made to look on while tbeir wives and sisters were outraged and murdered; of little children snatohed from their mothers' arms, and cruelly tortured before their eyes-and the hearts of the tiro men sank as they thought of what might even theo be happen- ing in the peaceful household on the hill. " Perhaps the old woman has made a mistake," said Gwynne hopefully ; but even as he spoke tbere oame across the clearing the sound of firing and shouts, and they knew the story was true " Let us go to them," said Edgar Gwynne, seizing his gun. " I've another for you, Gower, and pistola. We hold two of the rasoals' lives in our hands at any rate." " But you are not fit to go. Yon oan hardly stand now." " Yes, I can ; the excitement will give me strength. I could not stay here and know that help was needed." He spoke truly. His oheek burned and his eyes flashed, and strength seemed to come baok to him as they strode along, guided by Nell, who made straight towards the soene of con- fusion. They heard many shots fired, and then a wild shout ; then the trampling of horses, and then silence. " Tb .7 have gone," said Gower as they emerged on the clearing in front of the neatfarm stead of the Bellamy's, "and northwards. They will spare yourplaoe this time." "Im much obliged to them, I'm sure," Edgar said gravely " There's not mueh to take, but it's a shelter. Why, what's this? As I live, it's Bellamy himself." Tbey had nearly fallen over the prostrate body of the unfortunate owner of the farm, who had been struok down from behind in light of his own dwelling while running with hot haste to warn and save his family. But they had been too quick for bim, and while the bushrangers were sacking his dwelling, he was lying insen- sible within call of his terrified wife and her helpless ohildren. His senses were returning now, and his agony was pitiable to see. He could not move, and could only feebly wail for bis wife and little ones. " Have courage," Peroival Gower said, after lifting him so that he oould lie somewhat more easily. " Mrs. Bellamy is too old a bnahvoman not to have hidden herself somewhere. Don't lose heart; we shall be sure to find her, and there seems plenty of help at hand." Help bad come all too soon for the marauders ; a body of men, who were waiting for them, had ridden up before they had oom pie ted their work ; and they were soon in fall retreat, with the loss of one of their band, who lay face down- wards among the flowers of the pretty garden never to rob, or murder, or outrage more in this world. Tbere had been time for them to enter the bouse, and smash and destroy everything it con- tained, and then set it on fire. Flames were pouring from the windows as the two men reached the place, but they learned with much satisfaction that the inmates were safe. Mrs. Bellamy had done what Perciful Gower predioted, and rushed into the bush with her ohildren, in an opposite direction to that whioh the bush- rangers bad taken, so there was little fear for her. All were out of the house, they were told ; bat a shriek from the baok of the premises Bomewhere revealed the fact that someone was still in the burning building. It was a little white girl, an orphan emigrant, whom Mrs. Bellamy had taken to train and make ose of, and who bad boen overlooked in the confusion. " I'll save her, please God," said Gower rash ing forward. " Don't try it," said one of the men. " You'll only lose your own life. The thing's impossible r- the pfoce is on fire everywhere." " Staud ont of the way, man," was the only reply, and Gower dashed into the burning house. It was literally on fire everywhere, bat he mado his way to the plaoe from whioh the shrieks carne-a sort of pantry in the rear of the house, where the girl, who was little mora than a ohild, had taken refuge. He dragged her oat, and gained the front door in safety, when there oame an ominous crash. Iostinotively he pushod her violently before him, so that she fell olear of the doorway ; then there carne another oraih, and the fire Boomed all to concontrato round his own eyes for a moment, and he knew no more. Only one step more and he would have been in safety, but a falling beam struok him on the head and they dragged him ont from the ruins, soorohed and insensible. Tbere were plenty of willing hands to oarry him to Edgar Gwynne's hut ; and instead of going to Barrowoes» to gain health and strength himself, Edgar Ghrynne'sat down to watoh by what seemed the deatk-bed of his newly- found friend. For many weeks he and Bellows, aided by the Bellamys, watched and waited for the «lightest sign of returning oonoiousness in the prostrate form of Percival Gower. Dootors are few and far between in the bush, and they had to pot np with what roagh sorgery necessity bad taught the people within hail. Bat a good con stitution kept bim alive, and a dootor wat found by good fortune one day, who knew his business, and raised a splinter of bone, whioh bad been pressing on the brain and oansed in- sensibility. " Will he live now?" Bdgar asked. " There'i a hundred chances to one against ii" was the reply; "hat he woy." r""~ " Then I had better write to hu friends." " You know them ?" - * " Yes." " Ah, then, I wouldn't write yet ; he may get better. Fever will set in now, I expect, and if he weathers it he'll do. If he dies, it will be time enough to write-his peoplo couldn't get to him if they knew he was ill to-morrow,' and they'd only worry for months, perhaps for nothing after all." Edgar thought the advice good, and acted on it, and by-and-by, there came a time when his friend looked on bim once more with recog- nising eyes, and gently enquired how long he had been there. " Three months," was the quiet answer, "Good Lord!" It was all Gower could say-his mind was too feeble to grasp such a mighty idea all at once, and Edgar Gwynne repeated it. " And you have kept me all that time ?" "Well, not quite. I made free with the money in your pocket. I was obliged to- for to tell the truth I hadn't a shilling in the world when you dropped on me that night. We shall do till you are able to go baok to Barrowness " "I don't feel just able to go to-day," Gower said laughing feebly. " You won't go for weeks yet Don't you think I'd better go there for you, and see how thingsy are getting on ?" " I've not much feai\:.I've a factotum there -a silent, methodioal, precise old fellow-who, I'll wager a trifle, has gone on jost as if I were there, without expressing the slightest anxiety about me." " But he must wonder where you are." , "^ daresaj ho does, but he's one of those methodical fellows nothing oan put out. I verily believe that if bis house wero burnt down over his head, he'd make his wife cook his dinner at the blaze, rather than obange his dinner hour a siegle minute." " Suppose I pay him a visit, and see how things are going." , " My dear fellow, if it wasn't for this dis- tance, I'd say yes, and thank you with all my heart," said Gower, who was secretely rejoiced at the proposal, for he was j ust a little anxious about bis farm and business " Bat I tbink I can trust Sampson and Mehitable " " Who?" " My faototum and his wife. Did you ever hear such a pair of names ?" " Never. Do they express the people ?" " Exaotiy. STou'll find tbem odd, but straight- forward ; and they'll make yon comfortable But oan you spare the time, Gwynne ? You'll beat least afortnight gone, at the very quickest.' " I've no business to keep me," said Edgar Gwynne with a sigh " I'va nothing in the world but this hut and Nell." " Why Bellows is a host in herself," returned Gower. " Yon want Barrowness air to brace up your nerves. You'll be another man when you get away from this close, dull hollow." So it was arranged that Edgar Gwynne should go to Barrowness for his friend, and bring back letters and papers. The morning of bis de- parture he put a newspaper into Pcroival's hand. " Not three months old," besaid. " I haven't timo to stay sod read, or I shall lose the best part of the day. It will help to pass the time away." He bade bim adieu, and rode away whistling oheerily, and Peroivai Gower opened the paper -a oopy of the Times, fresh from England Almost the first thing he read was an announce- ment among the deaths At Garsfleld Grange, Kent, on the 8th inst, Percival Wykham Gower, Esq, in the 64th year of his age. CHAPTER XI. WHAT CAMS OP THE PREACHING IN ASTON PARK. Affectionate in look. And tender m address, as well becomes The messenger of grace to guilty men. -Cowper. , When Dolly bounded away from Lovell Dar ritt's side to go straight to whatsccmed her death, Bbe had turned to where the preacher of the even- ing was standing, looking somewhat white and fatigued, now that his congregation was dispers- ing, and he might snatoh a few minutes breath- ' ing time. A few friends with him, men who were not ashamed of taking part in suoh an un- orthodox service, anda good many idlers listened, staring-wondering, maybe, like tbe villagers of Sweet Auburn, " That one small bead could oarry all be knew;" but ho was not busy, and Lovell went close up to him, hesitating how to begin what be had to say. But Mr. Starling bad noted the eager face of the young artisan, and his lingering behind when the orowd dispersed, and he gave the op- portunity that was wanted. "Did you want me, friend ?" he askod quietly. " If you please, sir. I wanted to speak to you -that is-" The preacher was used to what the Revivalists are fond of calling "anxious enquirers;" and thought, perhaps, that the lad's imagination had been worked upon by the sermon-and that be wanted to pour out his fanoies, and hopes, and fears into the ear of the man who had so moved him. It was with almost a feeling of relief that he looked round, and saw there wore no more waiting for a private interview ; he knew, none better, howmnoh of imagination and exoitemeot, and how little of real religion, there is in the wild scenes of groans and cries that often mark the dosa; of revival services. Earnest worshippers don't tear their hair and beat their breasts for other men to mark tbeir holiness ; and the Rev. Felix Starling waB often oalled lukewarm and unfaithful, because be resolutely set bis face against the after-gatherings of shrieking women and excited men at the close of his regular ser- vices. "Two boars is quite enough," he deolared. " What follows is hysteria-not eonversion ;" but there were times when he waa obliged to yield, and hold after-meetings sorely against his will There was none to-night ; the people bad gone away satisfied, and there was nothing of excite- ment in the face or manner of the quiet-looking lad who was waiting to speak to him. " Alone, I suppose ?"he said. -" If you please, Bir ; if you aro not too tired." " Npt too tired for a word with you," was the kindly answer. " What is it ?" " I had it all in my mind to say, sir," Lovell replied ; " but I hardly know bow to put it I thought, perhaps, you could put me in the way -could tell me how to set about what I want to do." " And what is that." " I want to be a o'ergymao, sir." " A olergyman !" "Yes, BIT. I'm only a common lad-a turner's apprentice-and very poor. Can such a thing be ? Is there any way by which I can get to study, and have a chanoe ? I'd give a good many years of my life to get it." Mr. Starling looked at the eager, np-turned ftoe of his questioner, and thought that few obstacles would prove unsurmountable to the mind that shone out from the beaming eyes of this fustian-clad working lad "The first preacher of Christianity in tbe world came from the artisan ranks," be said ; " but a man cannot be in holy orders>now with- out preparation, trouble, and expenso You will have to study hard to win the position you covet." A succession of shrieks and the noise of pattering feet on the road, drowned what further Mr. Starling would have said Lovell heard voices, shouting something About " The child ;" and with a sort of instinct he guessed that it was Dolly. With a breathless apology to the preacher, he started down into the road, and pushed bis way through the excited orowd hastily, gesticulating that the little girl beloDged to bim. " It was an open carriage whioh had caused the acoident ; the horses, startled at the power of lungs, with which the last hymn had been given, had started off in uncontrollable fright, and knocked Dolly down as she was rushing aoross the road. Their career was ended at the same moment. There were plenty of people to stop and bold tbem while the ocoupants of the oarriage-a gentleman and two ladies-aBked eagerly if the child was maoh burt. " Open the door, Hurst," said the younger of the two. " I will get ouf and Bee." The other lady who was older and moro faded looking-but whose dress would have suited a debutante in her first seaBon-looked on with a a faoo of supreme disgust. " What very odd things'you do do, Mildred," she said languidly. "Odd!" " Yes ; who ever heard of a lady leaving her carriage to a mob like this. If the child is killed you can't bring ber to life again by starÎDg at her. What the little idiot wanted to cross the road just there for I can't think. If she|s only burt let them take her home. You can give the people something, and send Hurst to see about her afterwards; but do siVstjll now, and let us get on. My nerves will never reoover the shook, I «maura." The gentleman looked at her with an expree« lion very like disgust. "Amanda, I am thoroughly ashamed of yon," he said angrily. " If you have no feeling, and I believe from my soul you haven't, pat on the semblance of some for Heaven's sake, and behave with common decency. I shall seo this poor child home myself. She has beoD burt, perhaps killed, by my horses, and I shall take oharge of her" " Seo lier home ! How ?" " In the carriage." " With me ?" " You can please yourself about that " " But I oan't ride with a common child " "Then walk." His tono was decisive and storn, and the lady he had called Amanda made no answer. The other lady, whom she had addressed as Mildred, had alighted during the brief colloquy and was already bending over Dolly. The gentleman joined her almost directly. " Let me pass, please," he said, elbowing his way through the crowd. "I hope it's not serious I'm an old soldier, good people, and used to hurts of all sorts. Whose little girl is she ?" No ooe answered. It so happened that no one there knew Dolly, and the gentlemen felt all her limbs with an experienced touch "Bones all whole, any way," he said " There's an ugly out on the head-I hope it's no more than a cut We must tie it up to stop the bleeding. Pull my handkerchief out of my pooket, Milly, and place it on there ; there's a good girl." She padded and bound the cut very'deftly, to I the groat admiration of the crowd. " There doesn't seem to be any 'dootor here," he said ; " nor any one wbo knows her, so I'll take her home with me. Ah here's a policeman, at last," as one of those gentry came strolling leisurely up. " I am Sir Mark Hawtree, police- man, and this child has been knocked down and hurt by my horses. There is my card. I am staying at the Andromeda Hotel, and I am going to take her there, as I cannot find out to whom she belongs. Lift ber into the carriage, please." Dolly was laid upon the cushions, and Sir Mark paused, with his foot upon the step, before he got in. " Once more," he said, " does anyone here know this little girl ?" Someone did apparently. There was a commotion and a scrambling among the crowd, and Lovell Darritt almost foil at the gentleman's feet, in his breathless haste to reach him. " I know her, I do," he gasped, scarcely able to get out a word in bis agitation. "It's Dolly !" " Your sister ?" Sir Mark asked, pitying the evident sorrow aud agitation of the lad. " No relation, sir Only a friend. Oh, what will her mother do ?" " Don't look so downhearted," was the kindly answer. " I hope there isn't very much mis- chief done. I think she'll soon be able to go borne. Get up by the driver, and oome with us." The " Milly" who sat in the oarriage, gently supporting the insensible Dolly, was Mildred Gower, the fair débutante of so many seasons ago; and her companion, who screwed herself I and her furbelows into a corner, as though she I feared contamination from Dolly's alpaca frock I and black straw hat, was the honourable Mrs. Nelaton, tbe widow of the penniless younger son of an earl, and the daughter of Sir Mark Hawtree. Sbe had made a runaway match, to her father's great disgust, and now that her dissipated husband had taken bis follies and extravagance to the grave with him, she was entirely dependent on Sir Mark, whom sbe well nigh drove to distraotion with her helplessness and her airs. Mildred was her cousin, on a tour with them at present, and then bound to Hawtree Hall with tbem for a long visit. Better days had dawned upon the Gowers since the terrible time which followed Daisie's ill-fated marriage. Garsfiold Grange was once moro their own, and its master could bold up his head again among his fellows in the country ; and Milly was an heiress in her own right. A somewhat distant relative-a bachelor-bad left her his money in a freak of what he called justice. His will announced that Mildred Gower was the only one of his female relations who had never fawned upon him for his money, and therefore be considered her the most worthy to enjoy if. There was no one to oppose her claim ; no nearer friend to be aggrieved at her goqd fortune ; so she received it thankfully, and became not only independent, bat rieb. 1 Sir Mark was very food of ber ; he was wont openly to avow that he wished Amanda was moro like ber cousin-and be had Milly with them as muoh as possible. The servants shared his opinion ; they did not like Mrs Nclation at all, wbo was haughty and tyrannical, while Miss Gower '. was every iuoh a lady, bless her ; and knew how to behave to servants." Milly was beginning to be looked npon as an old maid by those who knew how long she had been " out" ; she was terribly near thirty, though DO one would have known the fact to look at her. Her living single still waa a mystery. She had plenty of offers, and was even more attractive than she bad been as a girl. No ODO had even heard of her being crossed in love, and certainly she showed no signs of such a catastrophe having happened. She did not explain the mystery, but let the world wonder as it would at her being Mildred Gower still. Mrs. Nelaton was very wrote at Dolly being thus brought batween the wind and her nobility, and remonstrated with her father in an aggrieved tone. " I don't know which is the worst, papa-you or Milly," she siid. " As how ?" Sir Mark enquired. " Taking dirty people into the carriage. Who knows what dreadful disease we may oatch ; and look at that low fellow on the box. What will people say when we get to the hotel ?" " It is a matter of perfect indifference to me what tbey think, Amanda ; and aa for catching anything, the child is clean, and the young man as tidy a young fellow as I have ever seen. As I said before, you can walk if you are not satis- fied I am quite contented ; so is Milly." " Ab, Milly," said Mrs. Nelaton, with a tot8 of ber head. " Milly goes in for being eooen trio and philanthropic, and all that sort of thing. It suits her style ; it doesn't mine." Sharply bidden by ber fa'her not to talk non- sense, she sat quiet for a little while, till the motion of the carriage and the fresh evening air roused Dolly from her stupor, and Bhe opened her eyes wide, and stared about her in confusion. Then Mrs. Nelaton began agaio only this time she screamed instead of talking. " What's the matter now ?" Sir Mark asked, shortly. "It's dreadful," returned the lady "It's like seeing a ghost. I declaro it made me quite ill." "What made you ill? Do, for Heaven'B sako, try and behave like a rational being, if you oan. What are you talking about ?" " Tbe child !" " What about her ?" .#* -. " Her eyes !" "I hope they arc not injured, poor little woman ! I don't think they are-the out isn't near enough." " Oh, I don't mean that. It was awful. Didn't you see?" " I saw her eyes, and its a very good thing she is able to let us see them ; but I don't think they were awful." " No ; not the eyes. They are beautifal eyes. But, didn't you see the likeness, papa ? Didn't you, Milly ? Why, they are the very image of yours " " Of mine !" Mildred said, in amazement. " Tho very imago-colour, expression, and all. I never saw suoh a thing." " Amanda, you're a fool," Sir Mark said angrily. " Whatever will you take into your head to say next?" " Perhaps I am a fool, papa ; but look for yourselves when she comes to her senses-that's all." The child was carried upstairs at the hotel, and Lovell bidden to follow. Sir Mark wanted to find out from him who his new protégé was, and all about her. A doctor was fetched, and as muoh fuss made, Mrs. Nelaton declared, as though tbe child had been a duchess. The verdiot was very favourable ; Dolly was only stunned and faint from loss of blood-in an hour she might go home. Meantime, Sir Mark was questioning Lovell, who explained that he was no relation, only an intimate friend of the little girl. " I've known her all her life, sir," he said. " Ever Binoe she was found." "Found!" " Yes, sir. She isn't really Mr. and Mrs. Clarke's child. Ben Clarke fhhod her ont of the. sea. I oan just remember it, though not everything about it rightly. She doesn't know herself bat what she's their daughter, so if you wouldn't tell her please, sir." "I won't, my lad. Why, it's quito a romanoe. And has no one ever enquired for her?" «Not that I ever'heard of, sir; aad I think I should have knocn if there bad boon any- one." II. Il II_ ? « Xi.1 ?? I ' f?," It's very odd. You'd better go .and fetch this Mrs. Clarke; takea cab and bring her. Don't frighten her-there's no need ; the little girl is doing very well." Lovell went his way, and Mrs. Nelaton gave audible thanks that they would be freed from their plebeian presence very soon. " You said I was a fool just now," she said to her father, " for sayiogthatobild's eyes were like Mildred Gower's. Come and see ber, and judge for yourself. She's got ber voioe too-it's very tones. It quite frightens me to see snob a like- ness." " So little frightens you, Amanda," Sir Marl replied. But he went with her, and was obliged to confess that she was right for once. Dolly had come to ber senses, and was lying looking about her, with avery pale face; and eyes and features tbat looked like a reflex of the face that watched so kindly by ber side. It had not been so noticeable with the eyes closed, but now that tbo mind bad come back to the face, tbe resemblance was marvellous. (To he continued.) 