i MESSRS. MOODY AND SANKEY: Wo publish below from the Christian World, tlic journal which , professes to give verbatim and authorised reports of the addr, sscs of the American revivalists,, tlic following from the sermons delivered in London by Mr Moody : — > i 0on8 human instruments. Mr. 'Moody, took for his text 1 Cor. l. 17 to end of chapter. I want for a few minutes to call your attention to a truth that yon will find in these verses tlmt I have read. There are a great many Christians in L-mdon tlint are praying for God to revive His work; I have received letters from a great many, und the tiling that I have to fear most in coining to London is that many., might he leaning upon man or upon the arm of flesh or upon the great meetings nnd get their eyes off from the Lord. Now if there is going to be a work in London God must uo the work. It is not any new Gospel thn London wants ; it is not any new power Tt is the siiinc old power, the power of the Holy Ghost, audit is the same old story — nothing new. The world is running here and there after fomcthing new, and they come and hear the old, old story, and they s«y, "Well, it is not anything new after all." I want you to understand, if if. you have como here to-night expecting to hoar something new, you will he dis appointed. Wc have not come with any new Gospel, but uro just going to preach the siimc old truth that these ministers be fore mcliave been preaching. And not only that, wc hnvc coinc in weakness. There arc hundreds of men in Loudon that (an preach a good deal better than wc can, nnd if you are leaning upon tuan you will be disappointed ; but if wc lcnu upon God, and all our expectations nrc from him, wc twill not be disappointed. "Cursed is the man thatmakcth the arm of flesh his trust." What wc . want is to cense from man, and get down with men, und look right straight away from man to God. Tho world is seeking' ufter wisdom, but they don't know God by wisdom. It is not the wisdom of the world, God's thoughts nrc not our thoughts, awl God's ways are not our ways. Let us keep that constantly in mind. If God is going to work in London. He is going to work in Iiis own way, and we must not murk out channels for the Ilnly G host to work iii when he come i. He will . work ia Iiis own way when lie comes; and he will use lbc instruments that lie pleases. God is a sovereign. He may take up this man ; he may tnfee up that man ; he mav take up that boy, and use him. God will choose Iiis instruments, nnd God will work in his own way, and what we want is togctintoour places as Gideon's army did, and let God work. Yon is amountain, and there lies a great bar of iron — ten thousnnd men could not lift it— nml right by its siden little worm. The Almighty pnsaes by that bar of iron, and takes up the little worm to thrash the mountain., slid Goil wants to thrash that mountain That is what God has been trying to teach lis six thousnnd years, lie uses base things, in tho sight of the world. In this chapter Paul sums up the five things that Gnddnes use — foolish things, weak things, base things, despised things, nnd the things which are not. What tor ? " That no flesh should glory in His sight; " the cal!. of noah and of moses. When God was going to destroy the world , and wanted an ark built, lie did not tell a nation to do it ; He did not tell a great ciiy to go and build it; lie did not call forth hundreds of men , hut one man, who was contemptible in the sight of tho world. 'The world laughed at Noali nnd nt his nrk. They mocked liim and made light of him.- But that is God's way, not man's way. What is highly esteemed of man is abomination to God, and whnt is highly esteemed of God is abomination to , num. God's thoughts are not our thoughts, and God's ways arc not our ways. When God wanted to bring three millions of people out of Egypt, out of bo.idngo, how did ile do it ? (An interruption here took place, in conse- quencc of people attempting to enter at ( one of the side doors, and Mr. Moody called upon the people to rise and ring a hymn uutil the confurion ended.) He went on to say : We were talking about the weak things that God uses, and I was justgoiug to say when God. wanted to firing ths children of Israel out ofEgypt His way of delivering tficm was different from ours. "W'e would have sent down there a' mighty army. Wc . would have called for mi; army with chariots and with weapons, or, if we were going to send a man down to plea 1 wttli Phnroah, wc 8hotild not hnve ccc down that man who hud been forty ' years on thebnek side of the ' dcfcrt ; a m.in who was not really known. " lie had been so long out ofEgypt that his name hnd been forgotten and his influence ' at the court was gone, if he evcr lind nny ; ami lie- says himself tlint be was slo w, of speech, not an eloquent man, rsupposc lie was .what wc t.call a stuttering man — the last man wc would 'haVc tlioiigiit of sending down there. We would have picked up sonic great orator, some eloquent man, to lay it all before the king ; but the Lord's ways are not our ways. god's iii.axk crrr.dun. And wlicn Moses said, "If they ask me who" sent mc, what shall I tell tlicm ? ' God said, Say I Am sent me " ; and, os siimc one lins said, ihnt was a hlniik cheque, and God told him to fill it out ; nml when tlicy were in the desert and .wanted water he filled out the cheque und drew wiiter from. the rock. When he wanted bread he filled out the cheque, nnd God gave him bread from >hcaven. Yes: I Am sent him, and God tdelivcrcd three m'llions of bondmen. Pfiaroalf .looked down upon him with scorn and - contempt, " Who. is God, that Ishould obey'Hiih?" lint, lie Nion found out what the Goil of Moses was, and what we want is to. he tilled with the Spirit of God,: and tlicy will find out who, our . God is. It is of iVi.ry little account who wc arc . or what we arc. All we want, is, to lie, vessels fitted for the .Master's use, and just willing to he worked in God's ways, ind to be fools f ' v Chrisfs sake. Tlint is whnt wc want; There is not a man in the world of God witosc name riiincs out upon the page of pi'tiho liistpry who twas 'eminent/1 in God's 'st'Vvicc, ' but who "was" considered the grehtest fool m 1iis; day. T have' not any doubt but that Enoch was considered the greatest j fool in his day. in ;tho sight.of the world. ' They -looked. t.unjiu huh" wi-.h scoru and contempt, ,lut ." lie walkedr witli God.1' und God thought so much of him , that He said, " Come up higher ' ; and -ho is up there walking-wUh God now. God liked bis company. Nonb was the laugh ing stock of his day. Men made sport of !i«K He wa< the ( greatest fool, as, the world would 'call it/ ' He was willing to be a fool for God's sake, 'atid.God used him nnd blessed him: and' ifyoti and'I are' to be used by God we. must, be willing to be tools in' the sight, of the world. ,Tk at «Tosjiua going, round the walls of Jericho— a -mostinbsurd sight in ,the eyes of the world. . IIow the London press would come down unon a scene like that— the idea of Htveu priests goiug round those walls blowing ranis borne. Fancy tbe Archbishop of Canterbury and some of your great potentates going right round London blowing rams' horns. Everybody would he disgusted, and say they muBt hnvc gold trumpets nt least, aud not rams horns. But that is not God'e way. They went round those walls and compassed that city by faith, and b\' the grace of God they took it ' 