Double Execution at Paris. THE double execution of Morean and Boudas had been so often announced as imminent, and the crowd had been so often disappointed, that there were fewer people present out on the Place de la Roquette than might have been expected. A detachment of 150 men of the Garde De Paris arrived on the place at three o'clock in the morning. Soon after, a cart, with the framework of the guillotine and M. Roch, the exe- cutioner, accompanied by his two assis- tants, appeared. The Garde de Paris formed three sides of a square round the fatal instrument, and the crowd was thus prevented from approaching, and the figures of M. Roch and his assis- tants could only be dimly distinguished flitting about in their ghost-like white blouses. As piece by piece they erected the guillotine, not a word was heard. When all was completed, M. Roch was seen to make a careful inspection of the guillotine by the light of a hand lantern. This done, he caused the knife to fall two or three times in order to assure himself that everything was in good working order. Then the executioner, accompanied by m. Claude, the head of the detective department, and Abbe Croses, the chaplain of the prison, proceeded to Morean's, the wife- poisoner's cell, to inform the doomed man that his last hour had come. Moreau was wleeping calmly when the fatal cortege entered his cell. He re- ceived the terrible announcement very quietly, and when asked by the Com- missary of Police whether he had any statement to make, he merely replied that he was innocent. He was left alone with the priest for five or six minutes, and then the horrible operation known as the "tolletti" began. This consists in cutting away the hair from the back of the prisoner's head and neck, as well as part of the upper garments, in order that the knife may have free play. During this operation Moreau did not utter a single word. Only when his legs were being shackled, he remarked, "surely this is useless." At a quarter to 6 the prison gates opened, and Moreau appeared in the presence of the crowd. He seemed to walk very steadily, with head erect, and with unfaltering stops. His extraordinary paleness was much remarked. When he reached the guillotine, he looked round at the crowd, and exclaimed, "Messieurs, I die inno- cent." These words were distinctly heard all over the Place de la Roquette. The next moment M. Roch ............ Moreau, pushed him forward on the plank, the knife fell and all was over. The moment Moreau's head and body had fallen into the basket of sawdust prepared for them, M. Roch's assistants set to work to wash the guillotine of the blood with which it was stained in order that the next sufferer might not see that an execution had already taken place. Whilst Moreau was being led to death, Bundas was being prepared for execution. When his cell was entered by M. Claude and the executioner, he was found wide awake, talking eagerly with the warden, as he had been awoke ¶ ................ without support, to the guillotine. There he kissed the accompanying priest, and handed himself over to the executioner without uttering a word. M. Roch was by no ................placing the ....- ................. on the plank, as he had to readjust him during a space of several seconds, which seemed horribly long to the bystanders. At last the knife fell, and the second criminal's head dropped into the basket. There was only ten minutes interval between the two executions. 