MISS ANGEL By Miss Thackeray. [Published by special arrangement with the Author.] Chapter XII.—£C Hamlet". Garrick was not generally liked in the part of Hamlet; but to night the play seemed to grow and grow, to become the life of those human beings all assembled there ; they were come together to see a play, to laugh at one another, and make signs and to admire and criticise, but they remained to listen to the secrets of their lives unfolded. j Garrick's faithful adorer, Miss Hannah More, sat palpitating in a box by Mrs. Garrick'3 side. Zucchi was in the pit : he knew none of the people ; he had heard them talk ing ; he, too, had come to the theatre; he wa3 looking for one face which had not yet appeared. In a stage-box sat the shabby and noble figure of a man, with a seamed and benevolent countenance, and by his side an intelligent little forretty person, peep ing forward to get a better view of the audience. "They're come, sir," he said, "the whole party ; they have secured two ex cellent boxes. There is Mr. Rejmolds and Fuseli, and there is the fair observed of all observers. Mr. Reynolds has not invited me to sup with him to- night. I hear he is giving a great festivity ; 3rou, of course, are privileged." " There is no privilege, Sir, in being admitted to a house where friendship has established a right of way," said the big, shabby man. " But to-night I shall re frain. Mr. Reynolds is not unbiassed by the transient 'nfluences of those inferior to him in intellect. Miss is far more re liable. She would make my tea u disturbed by any circumstances." Mr. Boswell was craning to get a good view of the " transient influences" now surrounding Mr. Reynolds. Lovely, smiling, splendid Lady W. had never looked more stately and beautiful than she did that night. Her charms seemed diffused somehow, and she and Angelica sat opposite like two mirrors reflecting one another. A summer, a spring bloom ing in brightness, their fans waved. The flowers seemed to fill the box. Even Lady Diana looked her best. Mr. Boswell then discovered Dr. Burney and his daughter in another part of the theatre. " Airs. Thrale should not have been absent on such a night as this," he remarked. Dr. Johnson again rebuked him, and, as usual, Air. Boswell listened with the greatest attention and deference, some times adding a start as if to add emphasis to his respect. The play began, and even Dr. Johnson was silent. In great acting there is some subtle measure impossible to describe, sometimes passing in certain harmony, and that night, when Hamlet stood upon the stage, a mysterious intelligence not to be ex plained seemed certainly and at once to flash between him and his audience. The plain, commonplace-looking man be came instantly, and without any effort, the master of all these splendid people who were watching him. It was as if he were the pulse that flowed through their veins. This hour was his own, as this mood was his, to which he gave the note, the time, the life almost. How nobly he stands listening, while the poor Ghost moans its awful plaint. Hamlet's beautiful voice seemed to strike home to every heart when he answered in clear tranquil tones. Then rise passion and remorse, and woe3 thicken a3 the play goes on, and the notes come full and dull with passion, and the words seem to break bounds and jar and clang. Is the noble prince maddened as he turns in heart scorn, rending and rail ing at all those he has loved and trusted hitherto 1 Through this storm of shaken life comes poor Ophelia, wandering forlorn and help less. Mrs. Addington was not acting that night, but a young actress whose utter simplicity and sweetness touched them all. "I did love you once," said Hamlet. " Indeed, my lord, you made mebelieve so, says Ophelia. " Get thee to a nunnery," he cries, re morselessly, carried far beyond the mood of love, but tender still, even at this moment, when a swerving finite nature is suddenly brought to face the infinite truth, as it lies between them, awful, in evitable. The scene was so tender, so inexpres sively sad and despairing, it raised all thb audience out of their petty chatter and racket of snuff-boxes. Miss Hannah burst into tears. Was some great power there among them all alive and speaking by the mouth of this little David again 1 It was a relief to every one when Every day came in once more, and the players distract the jarred soul, and bring him back for an hour into common words and daily life. '1 Mr. Garrick outdoes himself to night," said Mr. Boswell. " Sir," said his tutor, "you mean that Garrick outdoes your preconceived opi nion of his powers. Ho has played his part with memory. He is a good repeater of other men's words." But when Mr. Reynolds came into the box presently, and made some slight ob jection to some detail of Hamlet's perfor mance, the old man rose up in wrath. " Let me tell you, sir, that David is a genius, his fame is prodigious : his excel lence as an actor is universally acknow ledged. He is more likely to be correct than you are. He leaves nothing to chance; every gesture, every word is matured in his closet." Mr. Reynolds did not stay to argue the matter ; he has left a record of some such dialogue with his old friend. He was in haste to return to his com panions. It was not only Mrs. Hannah More whose tears flowed that evening. Eor little Angelica the doom o,f the inevitable seemed to strike almost for the first time. The knell sounded in her ears, poor Ophelia's story seemed so unutterably sad. "How could he leave her?" she said ; " Oh, how could he leave her ?" and she turned to Mr. Reynolds and then laughed and tried to wipe away her tears. "I am ashamed," she sobbed, all cop fused. " Might I be permitted to retire to the back of thejbox V' She moved her chair as she spoke. Both Mr. Reynolds and Mr. Fuseli came forward together, and each on either side held out a hand to assist her. An gelica half laughed, and looked from one to the other gaily through her passing teai'3 ; she put out her two little hands and raised herself with the help of both the gentlemen. Some one in the pit, who had been looking on, turned very pale, and made a furious indignant movement. " How angry that man looks," said a casual spectator to his companion. Is he not a countryman of yours, Mr. Cipriani ?" " My countrymen are apt to look angry when they are vexed," said Mr. Cipriani. He was a dark-eyed man with a long nose and a brown face full of refinement and intelligence. " Your countrymen take life more calmly, Mr. Nollekens," he added, laughingly. u That man i3 frowning at Mrs. Kauff mann up among her tine birds. My heart, how she seems to be carrying on with Mr, Reynolds ! " said Mr, Nolle kens. £' She is of a gay and innocent temper, and thinks not of evil tongues," said Mr. Cipriani kindly. " She has real talent; she brought me some drawings yester day." 