LITEBABY NOTICES. Tbe singular phenomena of spiritualism are be ginning to attract the attention of poets, and seem do not here allude to the poems wliicU »re said to be written by mediums under spirit influence, but rather to those -which are written by ordinary poets under the inspiration of their own genius. A bard of this type gives us the following versi fied account of tae4ate,cafle.-)f BiogUng^ta sup posed spirit ^ lBtSSit»t§j- BasAminoa. A Mr. Timkens ofisred to give a'tnediun fifty dollfire if he would produce a face at an aperture in a eabiaet and allow it to be shot at. The medium, Clarke, accepted the challenge, and submitted to the con ditions imposed by the challenger. The cabinet was simply a shell of boards, 6 feet long, 6} feet high, and 2 feet deep. The gentlemen connected with the St. Louis papers assisted in tying the medium. He had to disrobe before he entered the cabinet and pat on clothes which h«d been provided for him, and then he was firmly secured to the bottom of the cabinet by seamed ropes, which were passed through holes *ored for the purpose. There was aa aperture at the top of the cabiBet about the size of a face, and directly in front of this a loaded rifle was placed so that the ball, if fired, must pass through the. centre of the curtain. A heavy plank was placed behind the CAbinet to receive the ball and prevent it from injuring the wall. These preliminaries having been settled, the audience waited for some time to see what would occur, when suddenly a face ap peared at the aperture, which is thus described by theSr. Lone Bbpdbmcaw's reporter: 'There it was, a pale, ghastly countenance, that looked as though it might nave belonged to a girl of seven toen at some previous time in the world's history. It was a face that might have belonged to some Greek maiden 2000 years ago, and reminded one of marblecountenanceof some statoe. All who saw the were fairly trinsfixet with astonishment. The fea tures were perfectly dear and distinct, being illu minated by a soft light. There was not the slight est movement of a muscle or of an eyelid that could be distinguished. A yoice » the cabinet jBatpmanded ' Fire V The rifle exploded. The taw, unmoved by the operation, continued some minutes in view, then disappeared «s it carte ; and in about fifteen minutes the medium was released, excited and exhausted with his labours. Jo. examination of the cabinet showed that the ball passed through the seat opposite the window, and it was found in the plain: nung down beyond. The ropes were fgund as-tense as when they were first tiad. and on the doer being opened the medium was found securely bound. The medium claimed the spirit that appeared as hie cousin. The money was pud fcy Mr. Timkenslon the apst' The entire Press delegation state that they were unable to discover anything Uke deception in the affair. Oar readers will now be able to understand the narrative as done into vesre, and also to appreciate the force of the last Kne in the poem, which line implies the only »xplaaation of the event that to possible, provided tne hypothesis of the spiritualists be rejected. The Scientific auebicak assumes that, in some way or other, the medium used a mask. The bard previously referred to Bays:— I goeaayoatave heard of tho cute Taskea jchfuw / For unearthing a spirit. XotthaynV Well,***! nwaabroaobeabrS. tJmkau, being one, tt«rald Mem. Wno aspired to be reckoned a man of eome mark j eoJwin««irtewe-lW.O. Clark, . 1ft was said that lor spirit* to be above proof . . WMpoitdveprooltnattbeyonchttsbetMteel; . then H. TimkunaaroaefortBepottio behoof, With a plan which— inspiteofaUintereitamstsd — Whether hold by tha medium, or otalmed by tho gboat, Would setttotne question ot qneMona, coaoemlng XbageanliMCliMtartloIe, deofeiu at molt, ? And give them tne knowledge for wnleli they were bnrang* , Attalratf or more learning, Tlmkens built otniage bodies ; his carriage to souls Wumoftta&eoerans;, aiahortlryon- ll»oe', ¥ob would thlnktoWM bldolag for 8ry goods, w wli t He bad no tuire«fsenti3ismt ; oh- no, not be ; Butassnaart asooaud t». IbraH Tlmkens stood forth, and that give hinuelf vent: ' What ai»rope»,«nd sealed toon, nlvanomctera, wires, s\sd all other fixings, on which we kave apent Bo much temperanc time ? sad, to! at!U there reocisu What the puMicdastivt Bome demonstrative prool to be sent. ' *?--. jrcnil ncvaruntattea Uilt Sordiaii knot, Kur nnriddls this aphiax, that baa poxtlel so many. CntH '«ia issued by powter ail abot— Kt the oatf solurton, amvideft that any i Can ?varbegot. 'Ami tobaokmyophiloBiIbenwlchproDMe That Clark, for tbe oooaalOB. tha aptiit shall omll ; A. B. Oannincbamtnen tula diicntalon 'h»U oloae. By tesdngaald gktnt with a good liflo lull ; ' Botbatair^ Tiuae tUspntea may result in repose. '? And it the spirit shrinks not, caves not is, nor hellers ; Nor etherwise shows signs of fear ; nor winces; then I will t oitett fifty smnsaok dolUra ; And darned be them as first baoks out, or flinches ; Hii-clioeDsa The baisala and what tollers.' ^ie spirit, summoned from the vssty despvupTosB* Aad vtird and siartUagwai the tnrUUng sight : Slacorfuitaounds'wiirehashedlndsepiepoK, tike ewifug twlitgbt ««diBg (a co sight : Witii la -ntwiJt light (Not blue, bot 'moil') theapsotre tea. Xbe solrit stood re waled, with features most distinct— ' Wide open eVaa.' qui'.e wi-Je-awake— 'twas olear ; AndnotaapiriMDn«!leniDve4. and not an eyelid winked ? There, motionleaj, ahe gazed, like propbeuu or aeer ; Bo near TiutthesneotstorashrinKed. Then A. B. Oannlngnam sighted hii sun ; Aad ne d^bted tbe ^Uott, and the gboat aUjhted him ; When, lo i an expluslon— the deed bid been done. And wben the smok« clears* they betield, with a dim, Andlm FreitsloDal wonder, the ghost had not run. Did she sink ? No ; nor shrink : there ni only the ettok O( th« poirder to ventilate. Well, don't you think It was ((range tbie Had jana thoald not even Kliik, And her pale, gtiosily faoe eliouid not even blu6b pitilc? Bui tbe fact I OS' I bunk. And there was that mouth, gently smiling, in fun. And that ' wide-open eye' looking straight at tbe guu ; And there was tbat face an serene und aj c«lm Aa if it were alogiBg tue Twenty-luini paalm. And appearinif quite »»dy To mtkm a salHitm. And the man who bad shot looked confoundedly bot, Wben he saw tbat tame eye peering down hie gun's muzzle ? Bnt wben he pe-ceiv»d that tbo spirit was not In the leut degree ' soared,' he oicfeised 'twas a puzzle More thin any they'd got. Then tbe curtain mytterloosly ' illd and obaenred' From tho view tbia unique and sensational toeue ; Twaa voted a triumph, tbe sceptics were «ured. And the audienoe departed, |wrj-leiod. but ee-ene ; And 'twould teem Tbe effect hu endured. Let us hope Ur. Orooke?, with hlo batteries and books, Will repe»t from some Cornt r—aay txe ITiorrie Cook'a Materialised gnardlin— tbia Croat so completn. And tbat then he'll be able to give the receipt Her the (eat Of producing an 'rtbodox ghost — to stand Are, As tbia would relieve us immensely from tboae Whose vocation it is to toll tablet for hire. And whose folio wen are frequently ' led by the com.' Iflheycloie Tbe eyes ol their reason, as everyone know;. As for you, Mr, Timkens, I strongly advise In some otber dlrentlon yonr genius should run ; And whenever you want to effect a Burpriie. Sou'* make game of n spirit, by using a gun ; For your fun Has a tbtnaush disguise. Do your poaching en game, or on eggs-net on sprites— Or perhaps you'll be terrified one of tbeie nights By a fiend who won't bargain to stud and be ufcot. And you'll find yonr looation excessively bat. And be all over frlghta. And now, in reviewing the soene, salt pales lt'e ' soft light' in the iudsmentof .reason's fair scalef. There is just one weak point where the evidence fails It comes from the land of tsll pumpldns and tales. Mr. Leland, better known as HanB Breitman, has shown himself to the public in a new charac ter, namely a Romwany or gipsy poet, but his success has not been at all equal to his success as a writer of German-EuRliBb in tbe Breitman ballads. An author must keep MmseK busy doing something, if it were only to prevent a certain personage whose service is very popular from finding something for him to do, and accordingly, Hans Breitman has turned gipBy, and has tinkered up some po-stry suitable to his assumed character. He has published a volume of gipsy poems, some of which were composed by himself, some by Miss Janet Tukey, and some by a Professor Palmer. The work has been published, under the title of ' English Gipsy Songs in Romtnany,' by Iippin cott, of New York and Philadelphia, and contains professed English metrical translations from Rommany of gipsy songs, which will, no doubt, cause our readers to exclaim crtdat Jadmut Apella. The songs will be regarded by most people as pure inventions, although as Mr. Leland is ski'led in Rommany lore, it may be that there are rude originals of which these songs are translations. Whether they are translations or inventions will not affect the judgment which the world is likely to form with respect to tbeir merits as poetic productions; and that judgment we believe will be that they are of do very great value. They show, however, that Mr, Leland can write some thing beside the German-English poetry of the Breitman ballads. Here is a gipsy song written by Mr. Leland: — Oh! rm a jolly gipsy, and! roam the countrr round; Tm a nil tetulen?ro u can anywhere be found : Mr unole It s Ohilcott, tny moiber is a Lee, Bnt Tm the best of all of '«m, snd real Bomnuny. Areal B)mmany From hold ta foot I bs. Whoop 1 lsok into my peepers If « gtpW you would tee 1 I go to fares sad noes, there I'm always to be found ; One da; acres* tbe country, tben back upon the ground : Ons d»j I'm dressed up awelly. like the gentleman of count, Ttttn the next I come the begsar, a holdin' or yer horse, ' Juit a threepence, sir All right 1 F-ir I held him jolly tight' Who-op t I'm the boy u knewe the war to ran a horse— by night I When a onttm' of my skewera, so peaceable I stn, Tou'd aay. ' Fetotengro Is the pattern of a lamb?' But I'm bandy with my mtuUes, u I many a lime have showed, Aad can do for any traveller at boss up the *osd. Oh I at figbtin' I'm at home, Quick to uodge an' qulok to come : For at hitan' or at shyin' Ta an ont-an'-onter ttem I How arc yon, my sweet Udy P bow are you, my lord? I i«y : My wifa'll take yonr mosey when she oomea alone thin way. You'll want to give hu something— just to keep away the cold— So I'» step round the oomer while your fortune'* beln' told. Thea there'll be a patterln'. An' an awf nl cbatterlB* 1 Bo I bid job all good «vanin' till I come this way again. Mies Janet Tukey contributes the following to the volume. The poetry is redolent of the pleasant autumn breezes of the hop fields of Kent :— Wben tne summer time la gone, and the rases all are run, Oar iaak't oat ?ovtr 5-«-. tsr tne Sopping bat begun .- So come, my gipsy brethen, il everything ia spent, We 11 all be off together to the pleasant land ol Kent ; . And we'll *U«tng in time. Ana we'll ail alng in rhyme, A song ot the merry hepping-time. On. the flowers are fading fast, sad ;toe nuts are crowing brown ; Tbe leaves an turning yel'ow, and the wind will blow them donmi But no mafer for the newer, and no matter for the tree, Tbe hops are all tbe flowers I would ever care to see; They're the best of aU that grow, »o get up, lads, snAgo To ihe country where the hops bang low. There tbe pales stud in line, like the men tbat terra the ? Queen, Ana the vines twist around them, and cover them with .' gresnt ? ' ? - ? ? '^ - . ? ? ?. - There's no pretllar sight, 1st the rest be what they may. Than a One Kentish nop-field on a annoy autumn day. Come, gipsy soya so tall. Come gipsy onlfdren amali— There's money waiting yonder far ns all I Ob, the air ssaellsso swwt whan the ripe bop-bloiwms are, Tou'd think you wets sitting in a jolly alehouse bur i It's juat like drinking beer In with every breath you draw Ob, aure 'Us a won4u that it'e not against tbe law i Brim tne bone sad the tent Well D«nt- ol ns repent Having ions to ihe pleasant Un4 .ot Kent. We'll pitch our little tent, and at night, when work Is don*. We'll alt round the fire, and we'll bang the kettle on ; Aad if Oorgios ask wbafs In it, well aay, ?' What should there be In the poor glpileo' kettle but a little drop of tear . And we'll slag ball tha night, Aad we'll dance, and well fight, then well sleep ttinhe susfrlses blight Wiien all the bops arep!cke4ih«DJwTl*w-»l*---»he-%own, And I'll buy a-ooat- and my wife will pur a cowa ; and we'll get a Wtook of baskets, and aweeplng-brasheii too ; Oh. the hopping keep» tut going: all the 4reaiy wintar through. So whan (debts an ebld aad long, Letuaalaglondaodstrong, . and rMnmitliArfiui hopplnsi In -anr mnag. ~Thi' all uyial dig^iags at Shepardstown ara, ac oording tojthe GoHDixsi TatES, 'nearly worked out, only two claims at present working,— Kenney and party and Kennedy and party; but for Mr. Shepard having » number of hands employed, the plane would wear a deserted leok. . tie has about 60 men at work, and b preparing to open oat ; a new shaft is also being sunk ob ooa'r&ot.; 