A WELCOME DISCOVERY. A SERMON. BY C. H. SPURGEON. "God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water; and she went and filled the bottle with water, and gave the lad to drink."-Genesis xxi 19. You know the story of Hagar; of her being sent out from. Abrahams tent with her son Ishmael. It was necessary that they should be sent away from the child of promise. God. nevertheless, liad designs of good towards Ishmael and his mother. Still Ho tried tbem. Whether wa be saints or aiimors, we sliail meet with tribulation. Whether it is Sarah or Uagar, no lifa shall ho without its aflUotiou. To Hagor the amiotioii came in a very painful manner, for the little water that she had brought with bar in her bottle was spent Bbc must give her child drink, or it would die, and then she by-and-by must follow. She laid the boy down, giving him up in despair, snd began to weep what she thought would be her last flood or tears. Still thero was no real cause for her dis tress. She need not hare thirsted ; ahe was close by a well. In her grief she had failed to see it. The dis traction of her spirit hod mode her look everywhere exoapt to one place, where she would have found exactly what she wanted. God therefore spake to her by an angel; and having done that, He opened bar eyes, and she saw a well of water, whioh, I suppose, had always been there. When she saw it, she went at once to it, filled her bottle, gave her child to drink, and all her sorrows were over. It seemed a very simple remedy for a very sad case. It is but an illustration of what is often happening in human life. Men and women come into sore trouble, and yet if they could see all -round them thay naad not be in trouble. Thay actually come to death's door in their own Judgment, and yet thero really is, If they understood all things, no cause for their dis tress. They will escape ont of their present trial as soon us aver their ayes are opened, for they will see that God has made provision for their necessities, prepared comfort for their griefs, and made such a way of escape from their fears that they need by no means give way to despair. I desire to speak to parsons who are in trouble. There are three things I shdl bring before them. The first ia, that it often happen- with seeking persons, and troubled parsons, that, as In Hagar's case, the supply of their 'necessities is close at hand: tha well is near. Seoondly, it often happens that that supply is as much there as if it had been provided for them, and for them only, as this well seemed to have been. And, thirdly, no great exertion Is naaded to procure from the supply already made by God all that wa want She filled her bottle with watar—a joyful task to her; and she gave the lad drink. I. It often happens that when we are in trouble snd distress, tha supply of our naad and tha consolation for onr ear-row sre very near st hand. There is a well close to as »t our feat, if we oould but sea it We miss it par adventure ; yet that is not because it ia far away, but beoaaae our ayes sre not open. There is no neoesslty for God to makes well; that has bean done What is neces sary is, that Ha should open our eyes, tbat we may aae what is there already. How trua this often is in providenoe With Christian people We have known them to ba in sore alarm at some approaching ill, or in the most fearful distress on aoeount of tome troublous oironmstanoes which already surround them. Thay have said, "We don't know what ws shall do to-morrow." They have enquired, "Who shall roll us away the stone?" Thay wot not that God has already provided for to-morrow, and has rolled tha stone away. If they knew all, thay would understand that their trial is purely imaginary. They are making it by thair unbelief. It has no other existanoe than that whioh thair distrust of God gives to it While they are enquiring, " Where shall I And a friend ? Who will come to tha rescuef the friend Is already iv the house, or, perhaps, will never be wanted at all While they are saying, " How can I get out of this dilemma!" God has already salved it; the riddle has bean answered; tha enigma has beeu explained. Thay are troubled about an enemy whose head is already struck off; they are re pining about a diffloulty whioh has already been disen tangled by the divine hand. We have known persons to ba utterly surprised whan God has delivered them. This proves that their faith was small. With calm trust there is quiet waiting. They might well have expected tbat Ha would do it Among tbe surprises such persons have expressed has been this—tbat, after all, He should have delivered them by a means so simple. " How oould it have happened," aay they, "that I oould not have thought of this? that I should actually have the boon I crave hard by ma, aud not perceive it? that I should be thirsty, and crying out to God, in hope that perhaps Ha will rand tha heavens, and send a shower of rain, and all the while there is tha well bubbling up with fresh water ?" We have only got to look to find it, and having found it, wa have only to stoop down to take and to drink thereof for our refreshment Children of God; yon tbat are troubled about providenoe, pray God to help you to trust when you cannot trace your God. Ask Him to give you, not what you wish for, but resignation to Hia wishea; ask to have His will casting ita shadow over your soul, and Ist that shadow be your will heuoeforth. O that we had las-rued, in whatsoever state we are, therewith to be content, basing our confidence on this sure promise—He hath said, "I will never leave thee nor forsake thee I" This ts tha -est foundation for oontentment that will ever ba found. Oh, for grace to feel that if we cannot toll bow God will deliver us, it is no business of ours to be able to tall: that if God knows, that is enough. God has not set us to be the providers; Ha does not intend us to hold tha halm, and to pull tha leading- strings. Tis ours to follow, not to lead ; tis ours to obey, and not to prescribe for God. Thy deliveranoe is near, O child of sorrow; or if it tarry for awhile, it shall be but the richer blessing when it oome-. Ships that are long upon tha sea are, perhaps, the more heavily freighted; and whan thay do coma to the port, they will bring home a double cargo of blessing. Those plants that come up quickly when they are sown in tbe ground last but for n little while. Perhaps tha blessing that is so long in springing out of the soil of thine expectancy will last thee all thy life long. Therefore, if the vision tarry, wait thou for it with patience. Though this is true of providence, I prefer rather to deal with the matter of spiritual blessings, it often happens that suula are disturbed In spiritual matters about things that ought not to disturb them. Fur instance, a large proportion of spiritual distresses are oc casioned by a forgetfulnese or an ignorance of the doctrines of the Bible. We have met with young iienons frequently who have made the astounding discovery that thair hearts are desperately wicked. They were converted some time ago, and made a profession of their faith. Tbey did than really repent of sin, and they laid hold on Christ, but their experience was comparatively suiter rlclaL After awhile the Holy Spirit was pleased to show them mora of the hidden evils of their nature, and to permit tha fountains of the great deep of their original depravity to be broken up, and they have been in perfect consternation, as though some strange thing had hap pened to them, and tiiey have sAid, " \Vhere is the oomfort for this?" Now, if they bail known at first that our nature is hopelessly bad, and that the scripture describes it as such, they would not have been surprised when they found that truth out. And had they under stood that tha work of the Spirit is not to improve our nature, that He never tried to do it, and never intends to do it, but Jhat He leaves the eld nature to die, to see cor ruption, to be buried with Christ, and gives us a new nature, which comes into conflict with the old nature, and causes an eternal war and strife within the spirit: had they been acquainted with those truths when they found sin breaking loose in them, and felt the conflict within, they would have said, "This is just what I was told would happen ; this is the experience of the children of God. This is what Paul speaks of in tha seventh ehaptar of tha Epistle to the Romans, and I am, after all, in the same way as the saints of God." Forgetting this, they think there is no comfort for them in what seems to them to bs tha strangest of all human experiences, bat which, in-sad, is an axpa-isnee os-oason to ths people oi God. They era looking for ths well of watery whsnttst tot doctrine thej have forgottsa would fOrnish them with the refreshment tbey stand in need of. We meet with others whose trouble is about their per severance. They believe they are tbe people of God, but they tremble lest tbey should foil to hold on and maintain tlie good profession. Their trials are so severe, and they feel their own weakness to be so extreme, may they not one clay slip with their feet to a funl and final fall, anil be utterly destroyed r Ah, if they understood what I feel sure is the indisputable truth of God, that " the righteous shall hold on his way, and he that hath olesn bauds shall wax stronger and stronger," they wordd not hare been troubled about that question, provided they could answer the other one—Are they righteous? Do they belong to those made righteous in Christ? " I give unto my sheep eternal life, snd they shall never perish; neither shall any pluck them out of my hands." What» magnificent assurance of the safety of all the sheep of God I If Ibe but one of them, may I not feel a perfect confidence) that Christ, who cannot lie, will make good Hia word r There are, besides this, innumerable other promises to the same effect, and oftentimes a man dis tressed about that might relieve his anxieties at onoe by the knowledge tbat it is a perfectly unsoriptnral appre hension that is agitating him. We are all too prone to judge by our feelings, rather than to Uke counsel at the fountain head, and rely on the oracle of inspiration. .-I used to know an excellent Christian woman whoso trouble was of a somewhat queer character, for she said she knew she loved the Saviour, and I think all who knew her felt that she did; but though she knew she loved the Saviour, she wss afraid that thej Saviour did not love her; nor was it easy to comfort her about that. Now, truly, if she oould have grasped the thought that "We love Him because He fint loved us," the snare would have been broken. Had she perceived that all that is in ns must be first put into ns if it be of any good; that the grace of Gixl prevent* us (goes before us); tbat it Is tho root and origin of any good thing in us; teat the everlasting and eternal love of God Is the fountain out of which our love to God must flow—had she known that, she would not have been troubled on that head. I wonder sometimes how those friends who do not reoeive what is commonly called Calvinistio doctrine manage to be comforted. I certainly never have any Quarrel with these on the other side of the opinion, for if tne tenets of Armtnianism have any sweetness to them, I am delighted to hear that any have tasted it lam always glad that everything in the world should be eaten up, and if any body can find any food anil comfort there, I am glad to hear it. I could not, and therefore Ido not envy them. I would not wish to deprive then, of any oomfort they oould find there, as I have never been able to fiud any myself. If 1 believed that my own filial perseverance rested with myself—if I thought that I might liave a love to God that sprang up localise of my own will rather than as a work of grace—l do not know but I might he driven to utter distraction. Some persons need solid food, and must have it, or tlieir health would fail. 80 the firm belief that salvation is of grace from first to last, and that where God begins a good work, He will carry it on, is essential to my Christian existence, and therefore I cannot give it up. Those who can do without it, let them, but as for me, I cannot I have not any comfort left me if anyone shall prove tbat these things are not the truth of holy scripture. They are the truth of scripture, however, and let any who sre distressed re member them. May God open their eyes to see them, and they need to be thirsty no mere. Sometimes, beloved, holy scripture has its well near to the troubled heart, not so much in the form of dootrine as in the form of promise. There was never a trouble yet in human experience among God's people but what there waa a promise to meet it You have only to look long enough, and you shall find the counterfoil; you shall discover that God has ia His book that which exactly meets your case. "Oh," said Christian, in Bunyan's " Pilgrim," "what a thousand fools have I been to lie rotting in this stinking dungeon all these wseks, when 1 have a key in my bosom which, I am persuaded, would fit the locks of all the doors in Doubting Castle. Come, good brother, let us try it" And so Christian plucked up courage, and he found his key of promise, though it grated a little; and Bunyan says that one of the doors went, as he puts it in bis old edition, "damnably hard." He did not know how to put it strong enough until he used that word. Yet the key did open eveiy single door, and even the iron gats itself, the external gate of the castle, opened by the help of that key. O, dear hearts, some of yon have lain, fretting and worrying yourselves about things which God has dealt with already in His own word. You have said, " Would God He would do that!" and He has done it You have asked Him to give you something, and you hare got it I have used sometimes the simile of a man in the dark dying of hunger, and yet he is shut up in the pantry. There is the food all round him, if he oould only put oat his hand and take it. Did he know it to be there, and would he grasp it, there is just what he wants. lam persuaded, beloved, if you search the scriptures well, there is uot one child of God here tbat need despair of finding that the Master has opened a wall of promise for him. At other times the well appears in the form neither of a doctrine nor of a promise, but in the shape of an ex perience of someone else. Perhaps nothing mon effectually comforts, under the blessing of God, than tbe discovery that some undoubtedly good man has passed through the same state of heart in whioh we are found. When we see the footsteps of tha flock, we hops that we are in the Shepherd's path. Now, if you are in deep trouble, may I invite yon to read the eighty-eighth Psalm. What a psalm that is—that prayer of David's 1 Was ever man so cost out from God's sight, and (mulshed from all hope, as he? Yet there was no brighter saint in the olden times thau tbat renowned sufferer. If you have deep castings down of spirit, I would invite you to oon aort with Job. Bead that book through. See how terrible are some of his utterances; yet who shall doubt that Job was not only saved from his sins and redeemed from all adversity, but that he holds a name among the most illustrious of those who by faith have overcome the world? Turn, if you need other examples, to the sighs of KingHezeklah, or to the lamentations of Jeremiah the Prophet Surely there you shall find your own oase in some chapter or another. And if it be a matter of inward contention, read the Epistle to the Bosuns, -specially that part where Paul, in wondrous paradox, deeoribes himself as doing that evil whioh he would not, anil not doing that good which he would, and yet tbat which he did, he did not allow,—till he cries, " O wretched man that I am I who shall deliver me from the body of this death 1" You would find, my dear Christian brother or sister, that instead of your present pinch and trial being a strange thing, you are only suffering what God's children have the most of them suffered. You imagine yourself to be sailing over unknown seas, when you are but following the ordinary track-way of the saints around that cape of storms which, when it is totter known, will be to you a Cape of Good Hope. Be of good comfort; be of good cheer; for tbe experience of others may refresh thee, as well as the promises and the doctrine* which abound in the word of God. And, beloved, sometimes it pleases the Holy Spirit to open a well of living waters for un in the person, and work, and life, and sympathy, and love of our Wsil beloved, the Lord Jesus Christ Pull often when I have found myself depressed in itpirit, 1 have challenged my soul, as it were, with this question—" Why art thou cast down? did not Jesus feel this?" and the depression has vanished. The thought that Christ has sympathy in this particular trial is an inexpressibly sweet one. When the Holy Ghost brings it borne to the soul, we can bless the Saviour's name that He did not merely carry onr sins, but that He carried our sorrows ; that He was not merely a substitute, which is the greatest of all consolations, but a sympathiser, which is also inexpressibly delightful to ns. Jesus suffers with thee, O thou child of God,—suffers In thee. Thou art a member of His body, and therefore He endures in thee. Thou art making up that which is behind of tbe sufferings of Christ for His body's sake, which is the church. There is so much of suffering allotted to the entire mystical body of Christ, that there ia some of it left behind as yet, and thou wilt have thy ahare of it Be thankful when thou hearest it that it is s part of the suffering of the body of Christ And, oh, to look into His face by faith, and to feel that He is not hard or pitiless, whatever others may be I To look into His face when we are distressed by reason of the wrongs of others and the dishonor done to Christ's church, and to feel that He knows it, notices it, and hss sympathy with us in our sorrow ovsr declining ssal, or over the worldli ness of His people,—why that nerves us with new strength. Does Jesus feel what we feel ? Does Hs sym pathise in it? Are we bearing it for His sake? Than wa will take the trouble with welcome, and ba glad to bear it, that He may be honored thereby. Beloved, if you have forgotten your Lord—(and perhaps soma of you may, during this week, have been forgetting Him,—it is no unusual thing)—think of Him again, and you «K*n And a wall of watar doss to yon. Bedift «nos mete, oar sorrows often arias from ear net shew ling the BolySplrit He is in us, and He shall ba with us for aver. We are troubled about tbe Uttle ' progress of the kingdom of God in the world, but if we believe in the Holy Ghost we shall soon get our oonrage, imek again. There Is no reason why tha simplest sermou, preached in the humblest place, should not at any time be tbe oommuncement of a great revival. There is no reason known to us why the simple preaching of Jesus Christ, on any one Sabbath day, should not prove to ba tha conversion of all tho hearers, and, through the hearers, very speedily of au entire nation. Wa do not know as yet— we have none of us, probably, any notion of—tha greet power of the Spirit of God. Soma years ago there left this coast a convict vessel full of tbe lowest class of men that could be got together—oonvicte sent out for long periods of exile. On board that vessel was a surgeon-superintendent who loved the Saviour—who be lieved in the gospel, ahd prayed mightily. He called tha convicts together, stated to them that he had an intense desire for the good of their souls—that he intended during tha time of their voyage that suob and such rules for thair good should ba observed—that he particularly wished that they should all learn to read, that they might ba able to read ths scriptures—that he should hold meetings each day—that he ahould pray for tbem lndi. vidually. Within a very short time a few oonvicte were converted to God. Than came s storm, in which a coni- Kuion vessel containing two hundred men went to the ttom, and this alarmed and aroused the oouKciences of the ungodly on board this vessel, made them mure sus ceptible of Impression, and rendered the task of teaching them the gospel much more easy than it had been before. Of course, the terror was transient, and, being but a natural shock, wore away. Still, iv tlie meanwhile-, tlie good man had availed himself of the opportunity. There suddenly broke out in that Teasel a divine work, and all over it might have beeu heard, at almost any hour of the day or night, hardened man, criminals exiled from their oountry, crying suit, " What must we do to be saved?" When they landed there was not one man or ohild out of all on board who did not profess to have found the Saviour, for the Spirit of God had wrought strangely among them. They hod become, before they reached the distant clime of their destination, instead of a nest of swearing beings, whose very talk was profanity, and whose breath was blasphemy, a church of the living God. Suoh results were produced by the power of God's Spirit ia answer to prayer. And if the Spirit of God were to coma upon any one here, be he who he might, a like transformation would be wrought. Though he were tbe most abandoned character, though his infidelity might have entrenched itself, as he imagines, behind a thousand arguments, the Spirit of God would pull these down, oouvince him of sin, renew him and change his heart at once. Oh, would to God the church oould say, "I believe in the Holy Ghost," for to-day she is like Hagar in the wilderness crying, and the angel saitb, " What aileth thee, Hagar V' nnd she says, " I want more ministers, more missionaries; I want more zeal, more eorut-itiiees." Good God, open her eyes, I pray thee. Were her eves opened site would sue that in the possession of the Holy Ghost there is a well of water close to her hand, and all she craves is there,—more, indeed, than she craves- a great deal more than she yet knows that she needs. Oh, for faith in the eternal Spirit, and the griefs we feel for the church of God would come toon end. 11\. Bat I must pass on. I think I hear some one say, '< I have no doubt, sir, thst God has provided a snpply for neoe_sit.ee, but may I partake of that supply ? may I participate in the provisions of divine lore ? I will answer thee by saying, in the second place, tbat this supply is for you. Need I remind you that there are passages of scripture whioh lay the provisions of the gospel singularly open? There are invitations in the word which are not cunSned to any spiritual characrer. " The spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that hearath say, Come. And whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely." If there be any limitation there, it is " whosoever will" Well, but you " will" O poor soul, you would give your eyes to have Christ; you know you would. You, poor troubled seeking one, if you had a thousand worlds you would freely forfeit them, if yon could but say, " I am pardoned: my my sin is blotted out." What, then, doth hinder thee? What keeps thee baok? " Whosoever will, let him come;" and thou wiliest; therefore come. We are told to " preach the gospel to every creature. Ha that believeth and is baptised shall be saved." Art thou a " creaturer If so, if thou believest and art baptised thou sh-lt be saved. That ls God's own word to thee. Prove that thou art not a creature; then I cannot speak to thee. But if thou art a creature, to thee as a creature is that gospel sent " Ah," I hear some one say, " I was reading the other day— 4 All the fitness He requireth Is to feel your need of Him:' and I don't feel my need as I ought; so I have not got the fitness." My dear friend, do you ever like to be in terrupted in the middle of a sentence? " Oh," say you, "no: that makes me say what I did not mean. Let me finish my sentenoe." ,r Well, then, let that goad poet, Hart, finish his verse without your interrupting him. Ha says— "Let not conscience make you lings., Nor of fitness fondly dream; All the fltuess He requireth Is to feel your need of Him. v This He gives you; 'Tis the Spirit's rising beam." You never have any sense of your need of Christ unless He gives you that sense of need. That is as much His work as full assurance is. The first breath, the first pang that indicates life, is as muoh the divine work as the songs of angels or perfect saints before the throne. There is another passage that has often yielded oomfort to the downcast " Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest" Yon are " laboring," are ypu not? Why, you have been laboring self-righteously to make a righteousness of your own. Give up that laboring, and come to Christ "heavy laden." You are loaded, are you not? Loaded with troubles, loaded with sins, loaded with weaknesses, loaded with doubts. Jesus says, " Come unto me ail ye that labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest." Does not that describe yon? The water is for you, then. Yon "labor;" you are "heavy laden;" you are "willing;" you are "a creature." "The Son of Man is oome to seek snd to save that which was lost" Not long ago I tried to show you that there oould not be a esse of sin and misery that could not slip in there. "Lost, lost." Is that what you say of yourself ? Tbe Son of Man is oome to seek and to save such. If we were to open to-morrow a free dining-houae, I believe it would be necessary to put up at the door before long some kind of prohibition to prevent everybody's coming. We should have to draw a line somewhere. But lam quite certain that there is no poor man In London that was hungry who would refuse to go in if he saw no prohibition there. He would say, " If there be no special invitation for me, yet 1 mean to go in and try it on till there is a special prohibition against me." lam sure that is the way with most of us. If then were a distribution to be made of gold and silver, I think most of ns would go and begin to take some until there was a special order that we were not to have any. I wish that any sinner who is troubled about election, for instance, would wait till God tells him he is not elected, or, is he baa any misgiving about whether he may oome to Christ, he would wait till he finds a passage which tells him that he may not come. If he would Bud that, then there might be some cause for disquiet Will you also find somewhere in this world a sinner that did try to come to Christ, yet Christ would not have him. If yon have ever found one of the sort, bring him here; for we have been boasting here very loudly that none ever did oome to Christ whom He cast away. If you will find one who did come, and to whom Christ said, " No, no; you are not one of those I died for, not one of those I chose;" if you will find us one of the sort, we «h*n be sorrowfully glad to see him,—glad because we would be glad to know the truth, but very sorrowful to think that that should be tbe truth. Nay, we defy Satan to find one In bell that cried to Christ for mercy, and cast himself upon the Saviour, and yet waa rejected I All the demons of tbe pit, if they search to all eternity, cannot find such an instance. There never was, there never shall be one. Stand not back, then, thou who art athirst. When thou seest the water, the living water, stand not back, but freely come and take; for wheeoever taketh of it God will make him freely welcome, sad the angels will rejoice concerning him. The water ia for you—assuredly for you. lIL Now to our last point It ia available without aay extraordinary exertion. Hagar went and filled her bottle with water, and she gave her ohild to drink. No hydraulic inventions were required ; no exceedingly dHB cuK pumping, no mechanical contrivances to obtain the water when the spring was perceived. She did a very simple thing; she held her bottle in the water till it was full, poured out into the child's month, and the dilemma which had perilled life waa over, Now, the way by which we get a hold of Christ is f-tth. A area* many questions are asked shoot whe* faith m, szd t-Mrsar» targe books written sboot it If yea want to study the philosophy of faith till Jdu an bewildered, Tead a book about faith; but if you resllv would know ita latent power aud Its potent charm, put now your trust iv Christ, and you have got all the faith that is wanted, nnd that tou in vital energy. There are some who hold that the intrinsic virtue lies in the personal appropriation ; so they say that faith is to believe that Christ died for me. Theee oumu person* tell us, "He died for every body ; ooii«x-uently he must have died for rue." Ido not see anything nt a snvinj; character in that belief at all. Tbat does not appear to me to be in any degree the faith of God's oleot Properly, faith is a belief of God—what God saith and what dud promises. Its practical outcome is a reliance upon the ipse dixit ot the Almighty. "Thus saith the Lord" is the warrant"Uf faith. What is it? It is trust; and whosoever tnisteth Christ is saved. I am leaning here now, all my weight, .and if this rail gives way I must go dowu; lam leaning here. Well, now, that is like faith in Christ Lean right on Him; lean ou Him with all your weight: lean liuni: bare no other confidence ; throw yourselfon Him. It in nut faith to put ode foot ou Christ as the angel put one foot on the land, and then to put the other foot ou our works as the angel put his other foot on the sea. To rest both foot on Christ—tbat is faith. It is to do as the negro said he did; he fell right down flat on the promise; "sudden, massa," said he, "when I am down there I can't fall not no lower." Nor you, if you are flat on tha promise. God has said it; that is truth, and I believe it; and I expect Him to fulfil It This is tbe testimony that God has given concerning His Sou—that we have ever lasting life In Him, and If we trust Him we are saved. " But I oaunot believe." says one. " Cannot believe" what? Duet thou say thou canst not believe God? Nay, but man, when bus God ever lied? Find me onoe when He has forfeited His word; find me once when He has broken Hia promise? If thou sayest, " I cannot believe Him," dost thou not see in that incredulity of thine thou hast maligned God? Thou hast blasphemed Him; thou hast made Him a liar. That is exactly what the scripture saith: "He that believeth not hath made God a liar." " But it seems too good to be believed," saith one, " that God forChri-rt's rake forgives men simply on their trusting Christ" Yes, it is good. But then we have a good God! a great God. Canst thou not believe it when God says It? Dost tbou feel in thy heart, "Why I must believe it if God says it" Then, beloved, if thou Uustest on Christ because God has said it, thou hast the faith which is the gift of God, the faith whioh is the work of the Hejy Spirit; for this is the work of God, the greatest work that He does in us, tliat ye believe in Jesus Christ whom He hath sent "It is so simple," says one: yes, and that is the reason why it Is so hard. If it were hard, people would do it; but because it is so simple they won't have it. It was a very bard thine to N__huu» to go au_ wash in the Jordan ; and why hard? Because it wiihso eiwy. If it had been adl Moult thing it would not huvo been hard ;he would have done it "If the prophet hud bid thee do some great thing, wouldstthou not have done it?" But when he saith. "Wash, aud be clean," oh, tliatt ia hard; and so it in here, because we are proud ; thai in the hardness of it It is hard to trust Christ, because we are self-righteous; because we want to have a finger in this ourselves. But, oh, when the Spirit of God outs es down to tho ground, takes away all power, and strength, and merit, and boosting, and glorying, then it seems a blessed thing to have nothing to do but just to put the bottle in the water, and let the blessed water of life go gurgling into it till it fills up to the brim. I think I hear another peraou say, " Well, but surely there is re pentance ; we must repent if we woidd be saved." Truly so, but 1 would put it rather thus—he that is saved always repents: repentauoe and faith go together; tbey are born at the same time; tbey will accompany every Christian as long as he is in this life ; but take care that ;ou do not make a mistake about what repentauoe is. here is a law-work whioh some believers feel, but that is not repentauoe; it is quite another thing over and above repentanoe. There sre dark thoughts and horrid forebodings, but those are not repentanoe; they may Ot they may not be of advantage to the Christian after ha has passed through them, but thay are not repentance. Repentanoe is simply the consciousness of sin, and tha loathing of sin ; and if thou hast these- and they are tha gift of God, always the gift of God—then do notohaethM thyself because thou hast not the dark feelings of all the good men that ever lived. Why should-t thou want mors midnight? Thou art dark enough poor soul, ifithout fretting for more darkness. Batter far that thou pray for more light Thou hast already, I will take leave to say, the repentance thou art sighing after, for 1 know thou hatest sin, and thou dost loathe thyself to think thou sbouldst be a sinner at all, and thou wouldst do anything to be rid of sin—to escape from it Would not you be glad to suffer anything if you oould ba perfect? I know you would. WeU, tbat is repentance; that ia the signor repentance within yeur soul. "Well," says oaa, "but we most pray, yon know." Yes, granted. Every saved soul prays. But look hare: Dost thou know what prayer is ? Do you think that prayer consists ia the atti tude of the body, or the ordering of the speesb, ar the utterance of petitions for a quarter of an hour, as I may . have done in the course of the present service ?• T grieve to Ay that I may have dene all that custom required la thai fasbiou, and not have prayed at all; bftt it is trua Srayer if thou canst only look up to God and sigh, or if hy heart doea but groan before Him. Do not think that it Is needful to use fine expressions; f»r from it «" God be merciful to me a sinner" wss th* prayer that brought Justification to the publican; and some of the best prayers that have ever reached God's ears are the shortest prayers that ever escaped man's lips. Do not meatare prayers by their length, 1 beseech you. God will help you to pray; prayer is His gift If thou dost cast thyself on Christ, sink or swim, throwing everything away, even thine own prayers, and thine own repent ance—if thou dost oome and rest on what Christ is, abd what He haa done, thou canst not perish. Look sot within thee: there is nothing but blackness there. If thou dost look within thee, expect to deapslr; but look yonder to that oress on Calvary. There is life in a look at Him. O, my dear hearers, how I wish wa all looked at Him this moment I I have no hope but what,! find there in those dear wounds, and In that head bowed down with anguish. All my hope iv thee is stayed, O Christ of God, made sin for nee, my Substitute sad Ransom I and every eye that is now looking to that Christ, and every heart that is trusting in that Christ, hath salvation. There is salvation in none other. "There is none other name given under heaven whereby ye asua* be saved;" but there is life for a look st Him. God grant you grace to look at Him. " The word is nigh thee," on thy lip and in thy heart "If with thy heart thou dost believe in the Lord Jesus, and with thy mouth thou dost make confession of Hiiu, thou siialt be saved." Ob, that God would open the eyes of many a Hagar; let her see that there ls the water, that the water is free to her, and that she has but to dip in her bottle and All it to the full I have used an Illustration hers before, but I cannot think of a better one. At the risk of repetition, therefore, I will give it to you again. It illustrates the case of many persons here present. I heard that a vessel, after having crossed the Atlantis, ted arrived in the mouth of the great river Amaaon without' being aware that it was there. Tha water was all spent, and they were ready to die of thirst They sighted another vessel, and ran np the signal, aad when tha vessel came within hail of them die said, " What do yea want?" The answer went back, " Water 1 We are dying for water." And you may imagine their surprise when there came across the waves this sound- "Dip it up. You are in a fresh-water river." Tbey had nothing to do but to tlirow the bucket overboard, and get as much ss ever they would. So likewise there is many a sinner crying, " What must I do to he saved ? Ob, what hard thing shall I bear? What sharp thing shall I feel? What expensive thing shall I give ? What tedious work shall 1 do?" God's answer is, " Throw the bucket of faith over* board, maa It is all round you. It is nigh you. You are floating on a stream of mercy. You are in a shuiitl— river of grace. If thou believes* tbat Jesus is the Christ, thou art born of God. If thou trustest thyself with Jesus, tby sins, which are many, are forgiven thee." ■fio iv peace, and God grant thee grace to give to Him the glory through all thy remaining days. May God bless these wandering words of mine to ths consolation of some of His mourners, and my heart ahell give Him praise, and your heart shall overflow with gratitude I Amen. Lobd Pau.ebB.oit was once attending an agricultural dinner, and saw a large gathering of reporters, for the times were critical, and a speech of hia was certain to be valuable. Bat he made up his mind not to speak—no man knew better when to hold his tongue—and accordingly he slyly sent down to the "gentle* men of the press" a slip of paper on which, in bold round hand, were written the words, " TMa fid. went bite r 