: ROMISH ABOMINATIONS. . The Jiiilioark publishes the followine extract' .from nv letter, dated (Nice, Jan.- fi,- 1874 : ' " 1- liave to-day takeii Mr. — to 'church to see the: ; baby which the faithful assembled in thousands to see born on Uhristmas-eve, and 1- showed him the -construction of : the altar, - which seems to have been made for the - midnight 'ceremony;- The altar, is, railed off from' the body of the church to keep the people- away from the per formers. ; At , 11 . 1 5 Joseph and Mary enter and walk up-arid down like two lovers. The Holy Ghost comes in and enticcs-Mary : away, and after a- short ;time (during which the organ plays ' Great was the hope of Israel') restores her . (to-lier: -husband ; / they -promenade: for "some , minutes together,; and. then - retire. - . ' The choir- ;sing Borne pretty carols, and the three performers - re-enter,- the -yirgin, carrying, the baby."- -A.- pro cession is iriow formed by the church - officials;' "who conduct; the holy family u-ouiid the church; : . the -faithful all kneeling. Tlie Holy Ghost/ who lis dressed irn a scarlet u-obe, - takes a part in the-- procession,- and- ihe is .congratulated/ by the r people on: his handiwork. :' i.'ho organ and- tho wax - candles add much to tL c sacreduess of the . solemn ceremony. - The 'royal infant is exhibited in his cradle daily: for twelve days, and is made to grow larger and larger until the end of that ..time,." . i. , .. \- The following Mirror paragraph may be not unfitly noted under the same, heading : Should' any of- .our readers be .visiting Mecklenburg we : should certainly; advise - them to try and gain \- admittance to-the church of Do bberau, a small village two miles from -the Baltic, in order to see if the relics' desci'ibcd,;by.:Nugent. in; liis old \- book of - " Travels - in Germany are-still ex- posednto view there.- Among other -curiosities: \- described are a small quantity of -flax which the Virgin Mary had for spinning ; - a bundle of hay, which . tho - three 1 wise men of the East 'had for their cattle and left behind them at Bethlehem ; : a piece of poor Lazarus's garment ; the shoulder- blade of St. Christopher ; a piece of the head belonging to. the fish mentioned in Tobit';- a pair. - of.; St. < J erome's > moustaches ; -. the scissors - -with which Delilah cut off Samson's hair ;- a piece of St. Peter!s fishing-net and many other- curious items. 