O'CONNELL MEMORIES; 1 The Freeman of date referred feo in my last also contains tbe j&ev.; Dr. Miley's sermon in full and part of Father Vontura's sermon delivered in Eome. For the present I only give to. few extracts from Dr, Miley's sermon in the Irish Cathedral . Text—' And when this iiiortal hath put ou immortality j then shall come to pass the spying which is written — Death is Swalijowed ur tk Victory.' — 1 Cor. xv. 54. After an appropriate and sublime fixordium, he said: — 'The stroke has fallen, but if re» ligion has even more than staunched the wound, pouring in such heaven-descended virtue b^r her sacraments ao not alofto to take from death his sting but to prepare even for his b dy a state of being ineffably more glorious than that which it before enjoyed, and a state that is to know no misery or death ; - if O'Connell's fame, tbfi im I perishable element of energy that ^?as in his i piiuc'ples and his deeds, has turned round, not i fearing to confront the 'King of Terroi'3,' and 1 disarming him of his most dreaded weapons aud insignia, has made of them so many trophies ; — j if all this be true, why then may we not, in the words of the Apostle, eay of him that ' this mortal hath put on immortality,' 'and that the mystery to be crowned and consummated in thq general resurrection has already had its begin ning. Immortal hi the wonders he has achieved, fctiil trove so iu the means and in the I impulses and principles by which he was enabled to effcot those wonders ; pervading the whole world1 by hia renown, d^tmBd fco be remembered with grati.tudQ and admiration to the most remote posterity, and destined by virtue cf his characteristic system to be felt potentiy and .beneficently, interfering in the ameliorafci n of society to the remotest ages, not alone in his own native land, but in evevy other that is oppressed or reeds. reform ;— why may it not be said, aud said correctly, that death xov O'Connell s is* swallowed up in victory.' It will ha said the destiny of O'Connell is singular j you will find nothing to be compared to it in the annals of the human race. Never to the memory of Empei'or or potentate, of any order hath : been paid such honours. But is it not just and congruous that in death he should have no etJjual, 1 mean among the heroes who live in history, since for merits he had no equal in his life? I know of no other hero for whom one cannot rind a counterpart in history ] but I maintain that for O'Connell there was none. He stands alone in the annals of the world, 1 « , . ?- i It is known to all in what a prostrate afcate be found hia country 1 its rQligioJi was held to be anathema. $0 profess it was to be an outlaw ; to obtain the franchises and honours of the State it was uot enough to abjure its most sacred mysteries and dogmas, it was moreover indispensable to curse them, stigmatizing them as damnable by solemn oath upon the holy Evangelist of God: The highest law authorities in the realm proclaimSd that this state of things could nofc.Ke changed without overturning the British. Constitution. The British people Were against the change. Ths navies, the armies, the. parliaments, the press, were against it, as were the most darling interests and untameably exasperated passions. The heir apparent swore that no such change should be permitted. Monarch after monai-ch was known tn be bigoted against the measure of wtnancipation. To you, my Most Rev. Lirds, its guardians and rulers, I appeal as to what the oondition is in which O'Con neil left and had long since placed the Church. You will bear witness that he made it the envy of Christendom, rending every fettbr that had involved it for ageia, and obtaining for it a liberty and independence the most perfect of jiny portion of the whole Church of Christ. But how did he achieve these wonders ? By what force did he succeed ? What power came to his aid that enabled him to stand alone and effeot things whith no other hero had ever dreamt of? I will tell yoUj and you know it already by long experience aud intimate ac quaintance with his life j O'Connell was great, without a parellel in the records of all time for this simple reason : he was an enthusiastic be liever in the providence of Jesus Christ; and and beeauae not alone in private life did he wish with all the intensity of his great soul to be His true and fervent disciple, but also in his public career, in all the great enterprises in which he engaged. You all remember that \Vhen the Republicans of Paris came to solicit him to advocate their cause he stated most emphatically that he was thoroughly persuaded that they never understood the true meaning of liberty, and never could be its champions be cause of 'he hostility they cherish to religion. Always he kept this great principle before him. He commenci'il all his enterprises by tbe invo oation of Heaven's aid, and placed all the great things upon which he ventured under the especial patronage of the Vigin Mother, whom he never failed to make his advocate. He never blushed to make profession of his faith, and was ever ready and eminently able to de fend. These were the great principles that actuated his lite.- Here is the great mystery of all his policy. Hence it was that he seemed omnipotent, so that no obstacle could resist him, and that he achieved things that have filled all nations with astonishment. He be lieved in the providence of Jesus Christ as a reality, i-nd regarded Christianity as a 'divinely established fact.' Ho loved aud revered the Pope, he fervently believed in those promises made to St. Peter, and was confident that they guaranteed the existence of th« I\ipaoy while the world lasts, he believed that the Church was established on the ruck,, the sure founda tion, and that the gates of hell ?should not pre vail against it. There was the mystery of his greatness. I will give a proof of this supplied by one who dons not belong, to that church. Some eight or nine - ears siuoe when the Bighfc Hon. Mr, Maoaulav was making an apology be* fore hie oounfeUueata in fche oapstaS 0? .Scotl&'ttfS . for aob ' ' . liairiug t&b.;«& H £ftaf(j sea ty4 g«s.-«fi^tit.i«« gl fej^a X«?i.»H ya&$fy ^^'t^*M— ' *— ' — mi 11 !? !? 1 in M |.Vi i'j~V^ ^T7^?^ ^T H flTWiTrim HI )? 1 til il - ?!???? ????LLJ.ILLil. 1 , |,,..| ? ? 'l!J! , ,''jgj he apok^ as follows :— « Not during one' 0* twenty administrations but during seven, ce Hmes we have used the *word against the Irish' We have made experiment of famine, w* 1* sorted to. every art of Draconian laws, we baS t,ned ruthless extermination, not to trainnll down or vanquish a hated race, but to root on? every vestige of them from the land that onvl them birth. . But what has happened? Havn we succeeded ? We have not been able to ex tirpate or even to weaken them. They have* actually increased after all our persecution of them from two to five, from five to spveu, and. from Qeven to nine mil* liona, and they are gathering round us like * deluge; they are [invading our borders appat rently threatening to swamp our institutions if not to overwhelm ourselves. , Are we then'ttt revert to the obsolete polloy of- the past, anti bv continuing the policy of seven centuries, ruakp them stronger by persecution ? I am not ignorant of history. I have studied history, but in this science I confess my incapacity to find for this fact a satisfactory explanation ; but could I when standing beneath the dome of St. Peter's Church at Rome peruse with the faith of a ; .Roman Catholic tbe inscription which is eiri. blazoned round it— ?' Thou art Peter and on this rock I will build my Church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it'— then woulij I be able to solve the enigma of Irish history.' Well, O'Connell read the inscription iihua, arid. hence his,, povp.er, his success, his unriValled greatness.' (The rev. preacher gives details of O'Connell's preparation for death.) 'Here is a record of the manner in which he sanctified each day. On finding there was no hope of his recovery he manifested the ntmost disregard for everything by which men are allured in the pride of life. It was a pain and an annoyance to Mm to hear any subject spoken of -but that V/hidh related to heaven and his immortal sdril. He did not wish to hear those about him speak of anything but the mercies, love, aud judg. ments of God. His first prayer in the mtirm'np was, ' Glory be to the Father^ and to the Son, and to, the Holy Ghost ; as it was in the begin ning, is now, and ever more shall be, world i without end. Amen.' His next was the well- J known prayer of St. Ignatius : { Receive, 0 J Lord, my entire liberty, my memory, my under- ;j standing, and my whole will. Whatever I ) have, and all that 1 possess, thou hast bestowed I upon toe. To Thee 1 return all, and 1 surreudef I all to be governed entirely by thy will. &rant; J ms only Thy grace, and Thy love, and I ajh ricli 1 enough, nor do I desire anything more.5 Hia i next prayer wa? the memorare of St. Bernard 1 to the Blessed VirgiD, With these holy names | we leave O'Connell to rest in eternal glory.' j August 16, 1875. \ ? , ? I 