REVIEW. Carpio: a Tragedy, in Five Acts, by JOHN FINNAMORE, author of “Franccsca Vasari. Melbourne: George Robertson, 1875. This is a tragedy of eighty pages, in five acts, and In blank verse,’.the story 1 :-being that of’ Bernado del Carpio, a brave Uhefarmy o£ Alpbonso the Chaste of Spain, the period early in the ninth century, scene Oviedo and the,sarfbunding country.', Carpio.is the nephew. o£ the king by,his sifter, whom Carpio’s father, espousad against*‘ the' kingV will.* .Tlie i king on ascending the-,throne vowed • himself to chas- 1 tity,'.but. hroke his ybiv a .and Margaret,-, the secret'’pro duct of his aviour 9 . is intended, v to bo. the'Jbride of Ramiro, sou of the late king, and heir-iippiii-ent’tb 1 the throne. But Margaret ‘and* Carpi6~lovi : eaeh‘:othek Saldtlne. is imprisoned • in a noisome whore the r relentless: . > revenge of the most- pious king keeps him. , Cavpio, Ui3 ■ son, -1 after- having saved the king’s life and won a victory = for him over the Moors, pleadf .for;hfe,father’s liberation's refused and insulted! .: <Then Carpio and a band -of: followers rebel, and in their stronghold of Oviedo.defy the king’ and their gathering forces: imperil his throne. ' The king goes disguised to CarpioV; quartersp ahtl pro mises to give up his father if Carpio- will!' surrender his castle. Carpio asks*for a guaranty, T the king refuses all other'pledgeaL^ Carpio at'lust consents,: surrenders hisrstrdughold,.and his father’s ;co'rpse : is »delivered' to him upon a-bier. ! Carpio vows revenge‘upon : king v for his father’s I murder, and he and his followers make: war, .upon the | king and take* him prisoner!; Tlieldng’iVimpriaoiied in | Saldane’s dungeon, l nvith court. The I Queen sues for:the; king’s liberation, -and reveals!the ' relationship hitherto- 1 unknown ;between*-Margaretiand I tlie king. Margaret also joins in the king’s suit,,and she becomes possessed *of the. secret of her birtb.f’f Carpiop afteha-violeht struggle, puts'by his love- for Margaret and adheres to his vow of revenge. -: He orders’ Carlos to be removed from the dungeon and the-king to*l)e left alone, and Carpio then repairs to the: dungeon-to glut himself .with revenge. The king’s mind is shaken by his own remorse 1 , and sees the ghost of j&idahe; haunting him within the. walls where he was mur dered. Carpio - taunts him-with his perfidy and-cruelty, and is-about to strike him dead,' : whed; thelqueen Vhd Margaret enter. Another.,scene introduces us to Carpio, to- whom’ enters -one. to! inform hiauthat the king is murdered. Carpio asks for he had .not ordered the king’s death,, and-thenudso enters Margaret, : heri : mind‘ ahaken : tihdoff its balance.'-; $He charges * Carpio With ;the murder*‘of 7 lier. ; .fathe^,j and says her father’s ghost beckona hereaway.; She is removed to a place of'safety ;• but escapes by a window ‘ and flies 1 in her, madiiess' away \ •over hill and what sLe.cohceives/ to {be : her father’s beckoning hand. ; Then: it trauspirea'.that; not the king but his gaoler is murdered,. and ‘that the • king is free and has rallied'his forces,* : ‘Theh Carpio: and some of hia; friends set off in quesbof Margaret,! hoping to save her from death by ■ exposure/and! hoping also by the revelation of her-father’s .safety to : win back her reason and ,herTove.-.fCarpib at length! ! overtakes her upon soiuc.wild. snow-clad - where ! she is about to make her.becl.dn tbe snow,“aud i tiB' ’ho’ I is endeavoring to recall her mind to 'herby impressing; upon her that her father lives, and is. not .murdered,; the. king and- his rush upon°*Garpi6,j i headed by Ramiro, who summons Carpio to surrender. , Carpio refuses, the spearmen rush upon thern, mor . tally, wound both him and Margaret,-and the tragedy closes with Margaret restored to reason and ' to-love/ and she aud Carpio dying in each other’s embrace, Carpio forgiving the king for his crimes. , , -I , The rhythm of the drama is’almost perfect. Some I defects, occur, but they are few and small/! Tlie'! author has a good command of language aud not un- r ! frequently rises to some height and power/of'descrip- | tiou, but whether the'tragedy—which has, at leiiat, i the merit of being compassable for acting within a I brief enough space of . time—possesses enough'of the lighter element of relief which 1 the comic qualities in most of Shukspeare’s tragedies Supply is.a matter.for much doubt. It is totuUy- deatitdte, iu fact, of re lief iu that sense, and it lacks also variety of interest.' There is no approach to comic humor if we except the character of Garcias, one of Carpio’s followers, 1 who appears to be a reflection of Falstaff as to his ability to avoid danger, but he is totally destitute of the humor and humorous bluster and brag of that notable creation of the Shaksperiau drama. The author excels in his description of women, aud.in his depiction of the. tra!gic passions. The king, in refer ring to his sister, “ the fair Ximena,” says;—r: Thosoffc : : ■ . .. . : And delicate complexion of her cheek;- Tiae pearls half-hidden by her coral lips/ ■ •The auburn hair that wantoned o’er her neck, ' ‘••■ llippling aud shiniug, as the limpid stream • • : • ; By summer sunset gilded. ... • . ' So very pious -was the king,- that: he : was 1 at all times obsequious to priest and rite,* but, like many other prodigious hypocrites and blindly superstitious i men, his fervent piety was accompanied by i foul, and brutal passions. Saidane had touched his pride in two vital places. He; haddaredtotake the king’s sister to wife, and lie had penetrated the king's ■ frailty. So, when Carpio.is : appeaHng to the king for his lather’s release, the king is ,made, to say as fol- ' 10-vs: , ‘ -■ ■ * ■ ■ ■ i You say your father’s crime was love. 'Tls false: ■ . .. ■ Love may have been the prelude to his crime, ■ ; j But not the crime itself. His crime was this: To set at nought my will, and in the face ! Of tlie Most High, to stamp me perjurer— An abject slave unable to fulfil • i The vow I freely made. . ; , Here is another picture of woman. ; When the king refers to his memory of Margaret’s mother, he says:— •**. She alone ‘ Of all the world was holy in my sight. *' r Gentle and uncomplaihibg, beautiful, ! As angels’ dreams, a flower from Paradise, A ray of light from heaven j In protesting his love for Margaret Carpio says— I’ll love thee, Margaret, while my eyes can drink Thy beauty in; aud even Time ahall wreathe Among ihy locks of jet his diver threads,; ; Vet only make thee dearer to,my.sight. . *, I'll i«.ve thee, sweetest, still, still, while my heart 1 Pants to the drops that play .within it. Ay, F-ven in death, the memory Of thee Shall be a sun, whose rays shall steep imgold, •; The immaterial essence of; my soul. . • ; 1 And again, in the scene where Margaret and the : queen sue to Carpio for thekihg’a release, the struggle between Carpio’a love for Margaret* aud his desire to" avenge his father’s death is- forcibly drawn:— Margaret. —What ails my lord? * *• Carpio. — ■ '• I know thee*— : I kiiovv thee well—-thou art f a monarch's daughter. Thy beauty ruined ihee; fbrthou wast happy • Until the llend who mocked me all my lile ’ With a delusive hope; seeing tliy face— ' ■ So exquisitely fair that it might te i pt An a .gel to Ms fall—possesied thy mind. And changed thee to a demon! Ay, I know thee. Manjarat. —Alas! wliat have I done? Carpio. — Let not thine eyes BeUo Id the light of day, but pluck them from The settings where they shine—there’s evil iu them: : For they have tempted me, and still they tempt . My wavering purpose. Clip those raven locks,- ... To me mure fatal than would be-ths snakes That clustered round Medusa's head, knshroud - . The beauties of thy neck, grow foul and haggard. Lest that the devil make thee tempt men still.-.-' , : Thy hands make, hard—then lilt them up toilleav#.*n, And pray to be forgiven ? • , ~ Then, as Margaret weeps, Carpio says:—' Dost weep? / : Oh, let the clouds rain all their fountains dry» A nd the blue arch of heaven be parched and sore/ Ere thou dosi lose one crystaldrup for me I ;* A •/: ‘ 'Ah*rae, unkind ! Come to my.breast, my own. ,;; ! : What have I said to thee—what done ? mind' i Is rucked with sorrows; even holy things To me look foul os night. :^v - « i The agony of sorrow and despair, of -hope are, well j described when Carpio is gazing upon' his-father’s 'corpse upon the bier:— ?l 1 : ” ■ Father, dear father, couldst thou seoniehow— ' . C’ouhlat thou but know X still remembered thee—' 1 Couldst tlmu but hear iny voice—couldst thou but speak -1 One blessing to thy son—l should be happy. Lut now, on, now ! my heart is desolate—. '■/. The world, with all its glories and Us hopes, i * lias shrunk from me, and on the barren void Alone I stand. ' rr Then softer lights of faith -glint through the. darker emotions, and the author grows more eloquent. .... Peace, peace—the dead is here. > • Let silence sit upon the stirless -> • - 1 ; < : <•/ Let all be hushed as death itself, and render , Homage to death; let the whole universe • Hang motionless in space, until lbe dust ■ Of centuries has gathered o’er the stars, ■ • And shrouded them in gloom. -Father, my fathor, '/ We're parted now;neverdo^meet on earth. ,* * *'i For ttce I Jive. I'll pray for thee, my father. Farewell, farewell! The picture "of "thVTiiing’s terror and the dungeon is sketched with, considerable vigor. The king soliloquising says:— : . And yet /might have felt ; !. Compunction for his sufferings. Was his.fault *** Greater than mine; that he should expiate’ : His crime within this horrid cell; while I ■ '* : ..Who broke my .vow of chastity, and loved r.. v - rl - As ohcel loved ! should wear the royal purploi And hope of greater glory when this ft line Should rot in earth, and the‘mistaken priests Should canonise rny membryT ; , ? ! . Methought I heard • ' - ‘ Sridane’s voice calling me--murderer! ■ • 0 miserable me ! Herer-liere ho lay • j . - . For years, years, years, unending, tedious ycaray ♦ • Sendinghlagroansalongtho'echoingvault/- • v • Which would uot.HHii or absorb the sound, But like a mocking fiendwdud roll it back With hatefulrepetition to bisears,- Till the whole place 1 would seem a peopled hell, • • • { 1 With all Us terrors—all its tortures, hia— • -> : its fellowship In woe. '. v • ; Wheh.Carpio. hears of A th4‘ king’s death ho.’ apostro phises the absent Margaret, and says— : -i ' ; • ; But thou shalt have a great, a just reveege—» : «:vj b :.-: . * Dread, pitiless, eternal, merciless, T-.drtjiq-: '/And inextinguishable—which the llenclj j --.bvi: Shall gaze upon, and fallin wonder,back.;; .-.'i- ..ft; > To see their deeds by mortal hands excelled I .wr...;; • with -more-- passionate them^ Ophelia- like j unreason, is madp. 0 tq o giye,_a i .y,e£y c 'yyidjdeßcription of ! the- vision she had of.the king’a*mnrder‘. She says:— i I saw the mangled remnant of his corpse, . ! ./Bleeding and headless.' O’er his regal robes 1 The clotted gore was spattered, and some hairs, i "White as the snow upon our mountain topi, i Were fastened in his blood, iitoken beside him i Lay fragments of his crown, and some stray jewels Glittered around upon his dungeon floor. ’Tls all before me now—l see it ail: • Tito corpse—tbo crown—the bloody battle are That did the deed—the tokens of the struggle— The broken furniture—the solemn walls, •• .■.■■■■■■ Itising in awfnt gloom—the irowning roof— The one pale streak of light— oh, horrible! And then when Carpio endeavors to make her under stand that be is there, and to open the fount of her reason and,love again, qhe spys;— ~ , ri . . , .cl. iJ. /V Eot mo loolrondbco! i I Jf lI Those eyes I loved—gazed they upon my father— Saw they his reverend face, and Ids grey hairs— Yet were not moved to pity? Did those lips "Which I have kissed—whoso Vocal harmony Entranced my soul—did they with accents stern. Pronounce my father's doom! Was this the hand That struck my father down? Was this the hand That robbed him of his life? It cannot be. .! r-lAway-ftllerets blood UpdigHicc! See yoiuiiot-Lhoro—luy fathods spirit, aliened, t Speak to me, father Oh that piteous look Might melt the sternest heart—save only one. Carpio in the agony of his soul is tompted to com mit suicide, and Qonaalez, one of his attendants, goes upon hisriknees and implores-him whereupon Carpio says:— Stand up. "Why sh uld XJive ?,Say, what.is lifo to mo - .■... But a foiii; vibleht'and hideous night; * '• -* Black, starless, and contentious ? Come, grim "Death, And bear me to thy melancholy home: There let thy lover sigh his soul,away ~ In the embraces of thy swarthy anus !' 1 This last line reminds us of a conceit of the more quaint and sometimes more rugged Walt. Whitman in one of his apostropbies to death. In the final scene Margaret," fetijrned, and ilockfd fin Carpio’s embrace, 1 craves bis" forgiveness for having wronged him with her suspicions. The tragedy closes as follows : Margaret — —■ ' I am the cause of all. Carpio. —Nay, kiss me, sweet. . Let mo bend down to thee. [ffe sinks on one knee, and kisses her.] .. i Oar loves >yete evil-starred upon ; the,earth: ~ ~ ... _ ".'Bnt'now we go to" Arid another "spitfire - ' ’ 1 'S’ *'‘Where sorrow and misfOrlunoto« uhkhawn, , ''!n ',i • cAndiWe may lovo for,ever;land,for everti., ~ Jfarijiiivl.—rk'or’eyer, and,fof over, and for ever! Carpio.—Pray.'pfay for that! [The kimj kneels to Carpio, suppliealingly ] 1 do forgive thee freely. Good might,my friends—good night for, evermore.. Cling to myJtreaSst, my love—ding close—cling close! • . [They die.] We fail to find the slightest trace of pedantry in the ,wUplt£, mincnt for ram-uu,‘‘which is used in the explanatory parentheses which mark the exits and the entrances. We may mention \vhat,,seem,,tojuarto .be a few spots on the author’s fair work. Unless the modern Ham lets are wrong in their quantities, Mr Pinnamoro’s "rhjtbinis; a.’little'iaipcrlccb in? th e.follo wing line;^ —‘ / To you, brave Goiisalez, tbeimmediate duty. Now and then ho .seems Jto] he a little too much in clined to the use of the vernacular in its poorer phases, where even greater simplicity of verbiage might :parchauce haves.heen:iU6ed,with-greater, dignity, .Tin a rather forcible passage- inj ..the 4th Act Carpio is made to say:— Point out a course to satisfy my honor That shathnot outrage my.affections: blend - ; - r ■Water"with'life, tharbtitlf'shlsnße as OuSf ~ *"* Neither extinct; make the impossible A trifle to perform." The italicised wordai smack irather of common talk than of the severe simplicity of the tragic muse. A.gain, in Act 3, in the lino—- , l 1 /. .'i 1i" Withoutiaprospect 6f ilieisljyhtest good.’’ , I , 1 ; But really these are such small matters that in men tioning them we can only suggest, even to those who agree with us in our exceptions, that a work in which such things are pointed out us defects must really be a work of some merit. 