OLD CATHOLIC CONFERENCE. ; From the Correspondent of the Daily . Telegraph . The Conference closed yesterday, : and last night a great entertainment was given by some of the English and American visitors ' to the Orientals, to which Old Catholics were also invited. Tho Bishop of Gibraltar, Dean Hoav- son ; Dr. Nevin, of Rome ; Dr. Potter, of New York ; Dollinger, Bishop Reinkens, Professor Langou, and a great many Orientals were pre- sent, wie wnoic amounting, with, clergymen and laymen of the different Churches, to about eighty. Reports havo reached Bonn that many persons in England look upon the Old Catholics as sepa rated from the Vaticanists only . by the dogma of infallibility; that they acknowledge the Council of Trent as binding, and, in fact, have merely shifted the centre of Church absolutism. The statement is utterly baseless.. No one who understood German could have quietly listened to Dollinger as day after day he dissected' the practices and beliefs of tho Romish Church, without feeling that he had broken away from it altogether. I felt, in listening to him, that no Protestants have in late times laid barothe deformities of the Papacy to any such extent as he. In his opening address he said Western and Eastern Churches had at first as their creed only Avliat had been believed in everywhere, at all times, and by all men. This common basis was abandoned not in connection with doctrinal matters of a speculative and dogmatic character, but on hierarchical principles. At the end of the fifth and commencement of the sixth; cen tury a series of forged writings in the interest of the hierarchy commenced, oq the strength of whicll Rome, in the ninth century attempted thCsubjugation of the Greek Churcli, and the question of the procession of the Holy Ghost from- the Son as well as from the Father was thrown in for the purpose of Rome being able to charge the Greeks with heterodoxy. Leo III., when urged by Charle3 the Great to make this addition to the Creed, repelled the request with'. the answer that he had no right to change or add to Creeds on his own authority ; but in 1014; at the suggestion of the Emperor Henry .11., the addition fdioque was made. The question of the procession of the Holy Ghost from the Son became one tantamount to that of . the authority of the Pope over a general concil. m1. 3 :r j j.i i a i ii "D - ii. JLO OclvUll vUU .vUUrOv ttllupuvU U jr uUw tlpy) was necessary in the West to claim for him the right1 to change Creeds. Innocent III. called himself ho longer the Vicegerent of Peter — or, with' late Popes, the Vicegerent of Christ — but the Vicegerent of God. When the Greek Empire went down, the Greek Church was anxious on /political grounds to come to an agreement with the Pope, and for this purpose the Council of Lyons was held in 1274. To prepare the way for a union, Thomas Acquinas wrote a book on the right of the Pope to decide in matters of faith, and he used for this purpose a work written by a Dominican, in which a number of spurious and forged passages and councils were referrod to as recognising that right. Petrus Lombardus says nothing in his theological work of 1150 on this subject, so that Thomas' Acquinas is the first who thoroughly discusses the dogmatical authority of the Pope jbhis theological system, and makes him to be at any rate tne fountain of all Church authority, and the chief ruler in matters of faith. Acquinas was therefore, as was natural, exalted by the Pope'to be dictator in the whole extent of the theological world. Dollinger had thus proved his point that the endeavour to force the filvoqm upon the Eastern Church was a declaration of Western supremacy, and a step which Had to seek its support afterwards in an assumption of Papal infalhbfiity. This Papal system made the reconciliation with Protestantism impossible. The Jesuits upheld it as a means of securing universal dominion, and the Dominicans from lesS. selfish reasons. The Gallican Church resisted it to the utmost, but the death-knell of Gallicanism was sounded on July 18, 1870. NapoleoA I. was— 1802-1804 — the best ally of the Pope- in subduing that Church, and with his 'helpi the Vatican was enabled to set aside at a stroke the entire. French episcopacy, and the -remnant of Gallican independence — viz., the denial of Papal infallibihty— was swept away in 1870\. At the same time a suspicious eye was cast upon Germany, and at Rome Dollinger was told, "in; 1859, from the lips of many prelates, and by Pius IX; himself, that there was great distrust in Rome of German science and German theology." To subdue this also the infallibility dogma had' to 'be proclaimed; In his second address Dollinger spoke of the change which .the infallibility dogma had made in the relation ship of the Greek Church to Rome. Up till then the Greeks were only schismatics, and had merely,; on . entering the Romish Church, to make confession of the Creed of the Council of Trent whereas Protestants had been guilty of thers Bin of heresy, and could hot be admitted into ' the. Roman Church without a formal absolutio ab lueresi, which even a bishop could not' give without _ a special authorisation from the Pope. : But in 1870 all was changed, and the Pope was declared to have, authority over all baptised; persons, and to be infallible in all his' declarations touching dogma and morals. So :.that the Greeks were now guilty of two new heresies ; and even the renowned French -theolomans of whom France is so croud would now be guilty of heresy. Even Bossuet would he ; a haerelicus damnat'tzans, for he spent the best 'part, of ' his life in defending the four Gallican articles, which, since 1870, are doubt less heretical. The rent made by this dogma cannot be healed. Another effect of the doctrine is that persons professing another faith must be subdued. The German theologians never taught this. " I have been a professor for fifty years," -'said Dollinger, "and have not taught, it." The ; Jesuits cfid and they brought in the dogma of infallibility in order to make their doctrine 'binding. Two facts must here be noted. Arch- - 'bishop Josephat Von Block was in the sixteenth 'cehtury .the chief instrument of subduing the -adherents of the Greek Church in Poland to the Romish faith, according to a plan arranged 'by the Jesuits. Just about the same time ; Peter Arbues, a man scarcely known, but one 'who; had in Spain spared no sacrifice in order to persecute heretics, was also canonised, and both of ; .'these' honours were evidently granted as a 'kind of approval of the doctrine that force was to be used to convert heretics. Since 1870 the Christian world has been divided into two great camps — those who believe in infallibility and those who reject it. Of the 180 millions who profess the doctrine there are ' probably many who do not in reality receive it. 1 "1 Jhold - it impossible," said Dollinger, " that the- Vatican decrees should become the law of thought for 180 millions of Christians. Maga- zines; of inflammable matter lie within the \- Romish Church, and the time will soon come when here and there it will burst into flames. "If I;' an old student of history, understand any thing of history, it is a downright impossibility for ';180 millions of men to bring themselves \- earnestly and really to believe in tne Vatican as they do in the existence of a God: and that is really what, according to an English archbishop, is required of the adherents of Rome. The ' Greek Church has nothing which bears the \- remotest resemblance to -the infallibility decrees. -'Till Pius IX., in 1854, made a new dogma, it ' was never even heard or thought of, in the ' Western Church, that the- Pope could make new articles of faith. "I have been," said Dollinger, \- "fifty years professor of theology, and have ' never once been blamed from Rome, nor by my ' Bishop, and I have never taught the infallibility of the Pope, but have constantly opposed it, ' and; Uke all other Roman Catholic theologians, '' taught" that the Church, much less the Pope, has ho right to make new articles of faith, and ; that they did not even lay claim to any such ; ' right." ' ' But now, instead of " quod semper, '' quod ubique, quod ab omnibus," the consent of the 'bishops is substituted, and at the present \- ' moment the authority of the Pope. In view of this terrible1 aggression of the Vatican, the other Churches trill naturally be drawn more closely \- > hhe another,1 In Bollinger's third address he pointed to the sad spectacle of Christendom after 1800 years having only 350 millions of adherents, against whom there stood 120 millions Maliommedans, from 600 to 700 millions of heathens, among whom there were in cultured nations 300 millions Chinese and 100 millions Hindoos. An impression upon the Maliomme dans is at present not to bo expected, but that so little. has been done in heathen nations by distinguished Roman Catholic missionaries, Russians, and still more by English and Americans, proves just this — "that there is something rotten in the State of Denmark." This, which was about the only bit of English which Dollinger spoke during the last sitting, vauic ov ouuucuij iviiu uucAjjcuucuijr English ears that, despite the solemnity of the subject, it was met with loud applause. The quiet old man soon began again. Disunion was one of the greatest weaknesses, and for the Bake of the spread of Christiantiy union ought to be aimed at. At the close of the meeting stood forth three figures, which suggest an important remark. These wero Archbishop Lykurgos, the "Bishop of Gibraltar, and Bishop Reinkens. I may bo mistaken, but I take these three to be out-and- out liberally-minded men without any tinge of priestly assumption. The Bishop of Gibraltar preached a remarkable sermon on Sunday evening, which would have delighted the late Dr. Arnold, of Rugby, and in which a pure, generous and expansive Christian spirit was proclaimed. The old Archbishop was so hoarse during the meetings that he had to stand up almost close to Dollinger 's ear, and whisper into it what he had to Bay. But all his remarks were friendly and generous. And as to Bishop Reinkens, all know that he is anything but one of high sacerdotal pretensions. Indeed, an English lady who is tremendously " high," complained that Bishop Reinkens did not look like a bishop. In his speech at the supper of last night he spoke of "being true and genuine" in a way that gave the sharpsighted a view into the mental and spiritual condition of the man. l should line to say tor the Greeks that while they respect their Fathers they do not go further, and their respect comes far short of that which Presbyterians have for Calvin, or Methodists for Wesley. As my letter is already long, I will only make another remark. It appears that some in England think that our meetings have been conducted in an unbusiness- way during the time that English was the language used. The fact is, Dollinger wished to get at the general sentiment of the English, and therefore threw the. matter, whatever it might be, broadly before the meeting, allowing any who chose to speak. Some would have liked stiff, formal resolutions to have been formally proposed, seconded, and, I suppose, voted on. It was, however, only another proof of our chairman's wisdom that he did not adopt this course.. To bring all to an agreement, although it may be attended with a -little in terruption, is a far nobler course than to take votes and make . the minority submit to the majority. 