later i-xglisji xkws, PER S.S NORTHUMBERLAND. By the steamship Northumberland we have English papers oi dates four days later than those by the 8nez mail, from which we take the toliowing extracts : — CONTINENTAL AND FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. (fb03i telegrams to the london papers.) Berlin, March 19. The Empress Augusta was in great personal danger when '.hiving the day before yesterday hi the Unter den Linden. Owing to the negligence of an omnibus driver, his vehicle came into collision with her Majesty's carriage, and with suchi- violence that, the latter were thrown dorm, and one of the horses was killed. Munstep., March 19. Hrrr Wendt, flic responsible editor of the Mercur, printed here, has been con demned to a year's imprisonment for publisning the Pope's Encyclical. He was taken into custody as soon as the Court delivered its judgment. The Public Prosecutor had asked that the sentence should be imprisonment for two years. Rom a, March 19. There has been an extraordinary cele bration to-day of ihe Feast of St. Joseph. From the Porta Pia to Garribahii's villa thousands of pedestrians passed, as well as many carriages. Innumerable bou quets were presented to the General. The Duchess of Sutherland was present at the review of the National Guards, and stood by Garribaldi's side. Berlin", March 19, Evening. At the request of the German Consul at Canton, the German corvette Ariadne has proceeded to Swatow, in order to better support the claims put forward by Germany in connection with the robbery and pillage of the German barge Fm rst Bismarck on the 3rd of December last, while she was in danger at the mouth of tbe Swatow River through stress of weather. With a view to the more effec tual repression of tbe piratical attacks, which have latterly increased in frequency in Chinese waters, the reinforcement of the German war vessels stationed in those parts by a flat- boftome! man-of- war is eor-tei!!) 1 .lt d. St. Petersburg, March 19. The date for the resumption hen; of the deliberations of the Brussels Con- fererco i-, as already mentioned, l.c-t yet fixed. A decision on this sul jcct can outy be taken whm; the reply of the Gorman Government to the" Jetirr id invitation ebaii h-sve oern rrcfived. T.: reply has Ire'.- .-cme-Ai t delayed by the illness of the Emperor, but is expected to arrive shortly. Madrid, March 19. S .-nor Castelar has resigaed the chair he has held at the University for the last 15 years, giving as his reason the re actionary circulars issued by the present Government with reference to public in struction. Paris, March 20. Fifteen out of the 19 states repre sented at the Berne Postal Conference have ratified their treaty — namely, GieM Britain, Germany, Anstiis, Belgium, the United States, Sweden and Norway, Russia, Hoilind, Roumhuia, Servia, Switzerland, Luxembourg, Portugal, aud Kgypi. The representative of France, it will be remembered, did not sign the convention, aud the adhesion of this country is still iuie.-rtniu. Berlin, March 21. The C-hinrse campaign of Yakoi.b Beg of Kashgar has been successful. He has aunexr-d the important dLiriets of M-mas and Urmuichees, and kec-ns agairison a' 'urfab, south east oi Manas, for the protection of the new province. The Inhabitants being Dangans or Mahomed -m Tartars. ui;-.k« common e 'Use with him against the Chinese. The latter, slngg.sh and ; i rsevering as ever, .are collecting troops at Tehnguteliak, Kami, and Bav- kauh, the hitter being intended io attack iv'shgar, while the K-rmer are to recover Manas. . The Journal de Paris says that Mar shal MacM uaon will be inv-sted with the Order of the Golden Fie- .;e daring Ua- .er week. The inves iture can only o effected hv a Knight oi die Order, and at 'he present mosaer. th -r-' are only hrc-e in Paris — the Dnque d'O -sana, the Marques de Melius (:ue Spanish AmGi-- sMor'i, and M. Thiers. The Marqn.:- <ie M.diiis will probably he selected lor the purpose, the two secretari.-s of the etches ;y acTllg us LIS aSS'SfUU-S. A c .urt-iU'-riiel has been engaged frau: Tin shay until to-day in iryurg live pevs-.'t :;i cherg-.d with orm of she m my or.: : ages of tho CommuuA mj I'r- 12th ot Ami!. 1871. A baud of men, compose 1 i ihe seam of the Fck-r =1 Nationui Guard of iiie Elc-venlh Arronui.-jeiocn;, otttered tL'. Convent of the Sa.-r-j 1 H'-ert it; the ITio Picviis, ai d curried off th pel ok. t a. They n- xt pro- c.- 'ed to a nf-na-'eiy in She satnc strfct, ueclars : ui! "ihe ir.m Acs tui- cn-rs, Ciicateniug k. u; w: 1. death if ihey aUun.-tad to . r.-upe. pi hug- d the place, mul carried 'li 13 monks tr> pri-.-:>n. Four oi tueiu w-.;.: m:irdc-ri-.l in 'k - mas.-aer - of ill" ii-as- uges a; La U< qu. tie. while 'ho oth---r« : f r t'-x tv-live days' iiuprisooun-nt, wore lib; rated by the Yorsr.iiics ir-.wps. B Ah < \- 1 : i h s'iUtl l s were ('Criij-ird by t n - Communi.-ts, and iiie m nastery was li'vrally sacked' !-y tiu-in. ihe lay brethren remaining there being forced to act as ;tic r sc-rvan s. 'Tin- question Hirned, c ui so, rn the identity (1f the prisoners. Thr.-t: were acquii ted, while two — a in-irhle pulislner and a wine merchant's tn-.-seriECr -- w;-re eoin ict-d and sen- t.ncM iu two years imprisonment. Mininct c'tmo. — Messrs Moore an 3 Fm-iu.v <(.u. j'lc cj ac u-hi'jgnf 52 ton -5 of stone on teal '.v. from their claim -on tbe Robsrt Burns rief, near Chlitcrn, fie yi-id being 155ozs S.lw'.s, or about Sozs to tin, iou- OiAT- tucta-n:; ox -run yv ano.m-.atta an:.- obstrue i-.ns were jiiaced a this iiii>; by soir.e vevy maiicions persoa, who (trident y ;ad crudg.! at tho contractors. Mr Ov. ri-ud, one "i ihe raiiwoy contractors, was trav.-ldno irom t,v.r'ou ta \i ancarcita i : Sa-.m-d-iy t v'-uiug at the rate of about fif:e-n or twentj- miles nil iio-.-.r iu one of the bal!a-t trains, and wheu n.-.r.- 'lie second cros.-ing place, nboul eight mi.es from i\5ingariit;a, !-t- trad:; ca ma in contact with tLr.;e obstnic'ions. about 400 yards apart. The first v,-.:s a fcuc- iug vail of re.i guru ; the scc.m-1 same leu or 12 fish i-r-hs, j.iac- d abt.ut- a lo.-t at art on the b.-f' rail; and ti:e third a brick il-.c-ii o;i the i ail, but forluut'dely none of them can-.:"; au\ misi-hi f. The obstructions have- evidently bei-n pucc-d on tno line, by some mir e era'. and the police are making every iavcStig..;iou into ibe nis.tter. ar.r.r:g;"d roitoer.x. — Onr Wangarr.i ta corre spondent informs us that a m-m of the name of George Eim, a foreigner, was apprebeaded on Saturday last, for Laving uttered two cheques, amounting to s >uie £d oj-i, on mr Kobeif Duulr-p, storekeeper, Oilev. As the case is subjudice we shall refrain from further remarks nt present. He eotilu not be brought up on Monday morning, as it was a Government holiday. TniLLtr Phillips. — About 2.800 children belonging to tbe Yvesloynn Sabbath schools of the ci'y and suburbs assem'o.ed at the Town Hull, Melbourne, on Sunday afternoon, when a special son_' was conducted by .Mr Philip Phiiiips, the Singing Pilgrim ; the chair being occupied by tho Kev. Mr Hureouit. The schools represented were those of Williams- town, North Melbourne, Carlton, St. Kil.ia, Piahran, Bii-hmoud, Hawthorn, n-rihcote. Brighton, h-.tbim Hid, aud Heddie-street. Mr Phillips accompanied himself on bis harmonium, and the children joined iu the chorus to some of the songs with pleasing effect. — T ehgra ph. Tin-; Mini st ek or Railways at Ah t hat. When speaking at Ararat the other day, Mr Giliies, as reported by the Argus, said : — Sensational legislation may mean one thing to one person and a total different thing to another, but so far as regards the general legislation which the Government will submit to Parliament in the coming session, I niav say that every part of it will, in the opinion of the Government, be absolutely necessarv for the promotion of the interests of this country. If I am to understand by sen sational legislation some proposal which is only fanciful, and which, even if carried out, would result in no good, then I can assure you that the present Government has no intention to make any proposal of that kind. The proposals which it is the intention of the Government to make in the subject of general legislation will all be eminently practical in their character. They will be proposals to which the Government has given very great consideration, and de voted a great deal of attention, not only in this immediate recess, hut in previous rece.-ses, and some of them relating to subjects to which members of the Government have for a number of years given their attention. I am confident of this, that the amount of work which the Government will give to Parliament to do this session will task the whole of its energies, and will certainly hike up nearly the whole of its time. 1 hope and trust whatever may be the result of some of the measures that at any rate a great por tion of tliem will be carried successfully through, for I have not the slightest hesita tion in expressing my opinion that if they be ear; isd through a g't-at goo! will result to ike country, aud ibat th.-y will lend err. -oh io promote its prosperity. Upon onc-suhj ct which will probably be felt h. re to be of the. greatest in.ercst, i may slate that it is my intention to submit to Parliament next sc-ssion a measure., to still further extind our railway system. a Mystei-.y. — It Is indeed a in-slerr how scan. pcooto, otherwise £«nible, are so ihort-s: a ted au.l fo.jli.-li as lo so on fro-n dny to rinv, and to month, satleihig with the stints sad pains o nttiease. s-nck. l)y the use of a few l-ritl.-s of ei.tsT.-l.'s sap- Sa.-ai-.oi »»:.! r-iu ». - a ; -! \ csriaifl.j | ..c raov jy, nf. "..rat! in vnari.-»-j . ' The New Svdnet Theatre. — The Sydney Evening News has the following with respect to the new theatre : — The building, when completed, which it should be by November, will be somewhat larger than the one burnt down, as the rear wall will be carried fifteen feet- further back and it will be capa ble of holding £270 to £300 when all parts are full. There are several important- alter ations in the construction of the place. The levels are all altered, and entrances to the pit and stalls will be quite straight and devoid of any steps. The dress circle entrance opens into a large crush room, from which a wide staircase ascends. At the top there will be a miniature conservatory and fountain in full play. The plan for the circle especially pro vides for an interrupted view of the stage to all the occupants, great care in this respect luving been taken. The interior fittings will be upon the model of the latest summer thcatrc-s in Berlin and Vienna, and of a very superior description. It will be lighted and ventilated upon the latest improved principles, aud such perfect means of es.cape will be provided that in case of fire or a panic the place can be cleared in a few seconds. To ensure tbe harmonious working of the gas, effects, aud immunity from fire, a gas engineer is beinc encaged in England, and as in Mr l.azai's other "theatre ill Adelaide, firemen wili sit ail through the performance with hoses leading from weil supplied tanks, and the main ready for emergency. Mr Samuel Lizar, the preseiit.lessec of the Queen's, is the scie lessee and superintendent of the buihiing. Exckssivu Kulwat Charges. — At the metding or ihe Kailway Reiorm Association, held lately. Mr Martin read a very im portant document, which he had received from ihe Secretary for Railways in New Soutii Wales, accotup.-.uied by a valuable compara tive statement, showing the traffic rates eh .reed on the railways of New South Wales Victoria. Sou; ii Australia, and Queensland, lniougst other valuable information afforded in tbe letter is ill- following:--" The statement will show you approximately the result as p-aards revenue, of the relative charges on English railways, New South Wales railways and Vici.-rian railways. In England the companies get 5s 5Jd fur every train mile run — that is to say each, train earns per mile 5s f.jd j i he expenses pc-r utile are 2s 7.vi ; net earnings, 2s l'.'Ji per mile. In new South yya we get 7s o.jd ; exp< nses. 4s 21-1 ; net earnings, 3s 3d per mile. In Victo ria. you obtain i1 s 5d ; expenses, 4s Sd ; net earning 5s i'd per mile, presupposing that there is nol undue waste in running in either England or new South Wales, to a. count for be liiffcreit ' in the ret.ims received, as com pared with :he returns received iu Victoria, it wi uhi appear to be clear that the higher r.rturu in Victoria is attributable to higher charges io." freight." It thus appears that charges and receipts on the Victorian !iii-s are <; uhl-j those of the English lines. -.t.huUgh many of the latter est more for c- n-iriicii -n than the Victorian railways. .hon: :rr. — yy. regret to learn, writes the Vi'ngg.! F..rpre.<s, that an accident of a very paininJ muureocc'irred to Mrs Rvan, of wc.i.en.i— oi, as site was travelling to the -hit ion or mr John cox. at Mangoplah, a f w -.lays ago. It appears that us Mrs Ryan was in the act of stepping into her buggy .-.v'mii near toe end of her journey, in the neighbourhood of Mangoplah, the horses male a sudden start." The jerk threw the coiy l.;u:.;v.-,;i ds, an ; sh would have fa leu with co.usi'ietabie v:o!encc to the ground had not " io of her ieet caught between the side of the -buggy and a portion of her luggage, ami there held her most uaueerously sus pended. Fortunately, the horses were soon .--topped, ami Mrs Ryan was at once extrica ted and assisted into the buggy, and it was men de.-covered that the hone of the leg had been broken by the fall. The sufferer was, without loss of time, gently driven in to Mangoplah, where, as good fortune would have it, i oth i)r Wren and Dr o'Connor happened to beat the time. The fractured bone was set by these gentlemen, and the ic-nt, we imdertdand is now progressing as favourably us could be expected. A XiAZi ilimsi: (?) — J,:ist Saturday, within the prec.uels ol' the township of Wahgunvah, s ys lite Chronicle, a worthy pair, a charcoal - mtrner who rejoices in the cognomen of " Yorkey,' aud his horse, were observed to Lave a slight difference, 'lite horse would : ot proc-ed homeward, and " Yorkey" en- eavour <1 to perseace him, with a convenient slip-panel Xtie result was most disastrous io the h- rse. who carried Bis obstinacy to -ueh an e.xu-nt liiat, rather than do as he was desired, he laid down and died — in harness it is useless, perhaps, to add that the pcor bea-t nied from tiie inhuman treatment of his in uial :;;a-ter, who will appear on next Wednesday, before Mr Holmes, to answer a i barge of cruelty to animals. The poor dumb servant was literally starved, being nothing but a skeleton, a d was physically unable to pall an empty dray — even under such ardent persuasion ; yet, when asked why he had treated the Lor.-e in the manner he did, the man (or brut.') s.Jd that he "eouhl see by the glitter of the horse's eye that he was only -hamming, and that, being too lazy to go, lie had elected to give up the ghost in pre-j fi-rence." Bad treatment by his master had i."-: n the an mul's too frequent, fare, aud it is to be hope 1 that an example to others fond of using cudgels or whips on their equine servants will be made of Mr ''Yorkey."' A Distressing Case. — " Ob, Sergeant ! don't be hard upon him, be has a bad stepfather 1" Such was the plaintive entreaty writc-s the Border Post made by Catherine Burns to Sergeant Harkin, Cierk of Potty Sessions, at the Police Court held before J. Holmes, Esq., P.M., at YYotlonga, on Wednesday last. The officer, however, so appealed to, even if inclined to leniency, was utterly powerless to arrest the machinery of the law, which the woman had travelled toWangaratta to set in motion, and to place her son in the dock to answer a charge of horse stealing and robbery from a dwelling. The story is soon told Catherine Burns resides at Wodonga, Burns is her second husband, and the lad in the dock is her son by the first husband, whose name was Newman. On the 14th ultimo Mrs Burns left her home, and worked all day at Albury, leaving the prisoner in the house. When she returned at right she found that the boy had gone, and lier horse, saddle, and. bridle, fifteen shillings in cash, and some articles of wearing apparel she had purchased for him, were missing. She travelled to Wangaratta and laid an information before the Police Magis- I trate, charging her sou with the crimes specified. He was arrested at Moor- 1 wartiia, near ilowlong, by the police oi New South Wales, and remanded to Wodonga. The mother's evidence was conclusive, and the lad was fully com mitted to take his trial at the next Court of General Sessions to be held at Beech worth, on a charge of horse-stealing, and also of robbery from a dwelling. The lad appeared to be naturally intelligent ; he had nothing to say, but it transpired in evidence that he had told the arresting constable it was his intention to return home on the day of the arrest. It is a sad commentary that in the colony ofl Victoria, were education is compulsory I and tiee, this lad, John Newman, who is within a few weeks of thirteen years ofl age, cannot either read or write. Land Officer Relieved. — The Ad ministrator of the Government, with the! advice of the Executive Council, has re- 1 lieved from duty, as Land Officer, Mr E. S. E. Wall, at Bright. Acting Receiver and Pataiaster. — The Admistrator of the Government, with the advice of the Executive Council, has hern phased to appoint Mr J. Odell, to be Acliug Receiver and Paymaster at Beech worth. during the absence on duty of Mr W. G. Brett." G i Poland Railway. — Writing about; the weeks of the undertaking the Mel bourne. correspondent of the Geelony I Adrcrt.iar, says : — Carting is becoming a picbitm i;. reiving arithmetical caloula- 1 tien. Ou Friday a contract was let fori taking about 4000 tons of plant to thel u: a', section of the Gippsland railway, the I MicccibMii tenderer's rale being lis Ilfd I per ton. . | \- State School, Chiltebn W est. — The following is the site for State school pur poses at Chiltern West, and will be vested in the Minister of 'Public Instruction : — Five acres, county of Bogong, parish of Chiltern West : Commencing at the north east angle of the site, being a point bear ing north fourteen chains fifteen links, and N. 7239W, sixteen chains from the north- east angle of allotment 2S3 ; bounded thence by the road from Chiltern to Ru- therglen, bearing N. 72 39 W. five chains ; and thence by roads bearing respectively S. 72 39 E, five chains, and N. 17 21 E. ten chains to the point of commencement. The bearings are from the true meridian. Criminal Courts. — A supplement to the Government Gazette notifies that under the ait passed last session, entitled "an act to erect a new court for the trial of offences, to establish uniformity of venue in civil and criminal judicature, and to amend '.he prac tice and procedure of courts of criminal jurisdiction," it lias been decided to hold criminal courts as follow : — Courts of Assize at Beechworth. on Tuesday, lath October. Courts of General Sessions : — At Beech worth, on Tuesday, 21st September. At Jamiesou, on Tuesday, 12th October. At Mansfield, on Friday, lath October. Licensing Meeting. — Tbe licensing benches in this district will sit as follows : — Benalla, June 25th ; Chiltern, June 29th ; el Doradoj- June Oth ; Myrtleford, June 2nd ; Violet Town, June 30th ; Waligunj-ah, June 16tli ; Wangaratta, June 24th. 