OTJR LORD'S ASCENSION THE CHURCH'S GAIN. Before the Pentecostal Shower descended on the Church there were drops which heralded its approach. 'What else were those burning hearts of the two disciples on the Emmaus-road 1 what else that opening of their understanding that they might understand the Scriptures ? what else that solemn bestowal of the apostolical commission, ' Receive ye I the Holy Ghost,' even though He was as yet given I ' as conferring a ministerial faculty rather than as an I inward guest of the soul ] what else that 'great joy' with I which, as on this day, the bereaved eleven returned to Jeru I salem 1 Still, on the whole, for ten days — weary and anxious 1 ~ days they must have been, though passed in retreat, in prayer, and intercession — for ten days the Apostles were denied the crowning proof of the expediency of their Lord's departure. Our faith has never been submitted to the ordeal of so agonising a suspense. We live in that holy home upon which, shadowed out by the Firetongue and the Wind, the Spirit descended more than eighteen hundred years ago. I ? - The Lord is our Shepherd : He feeds us in the green pastures I of the church ; He still ' watereth her furrows, and sendeth 1 rain into the little valleys thereof, and maketh them fat with 1 ' the drops of rain, and blesseth the increase of it.' 1 . Do we appreciate our real place in the universe of God ? I Do we understand what it is not to have come unto, but to 1 have been in our early years brought to ' Mount Sion, the' I . city of the Living God, the Heavenly Jerusalem, and to an I . innumerable company of angels, and to the general assembly I and church of the first-born,' and to that cleansing 'Blood' ! ? with which everything around us is sprinkled ? Are our eyes I enabled to see the chariots of fire and horses of fire round j about the mountain? is the horizon of our spiritual vision I bounded in reality by sense and time, or do we enter into the I reasons for that high and blessed expediency of which our 1 Lord speaks to His sorrowing followers 1 I Believe it, dear brethren, while Christ our Lord tarried here I in the flesh, His apostles, who saw and conversed with Him, who walked by His side, who rested at His feet, who lay in His breast, were f urther , immeasurably further from Him than we may be, if we will. To them He was still an external ; example, an external voice, an external force. Christ in us (- is the hope of glory. Our ascended Lord has sent down the '?i promised and gracious Friend, whose office it is to unite us to 1J Himself. Therefore, by faith and love directed upon the *?- known channels of His presence, man may renounce in a i sense his own sinful individuality, and be clothed with | '\ the sanctity and perfection of His Saviour. Therefore, united to Christ, man is no longer what he was in the state of nature, an isolated unit ; he is a member of that spiritual organisation which is Christ's Body, and his life has already commingled with that higher life which flows from the Head and Heart of the redeemed church. Therefore the Saviour lives in His church. He lives in us. Therefore P) Sacraments have grace and virtue ; and prayer is co-opei'ation A with the perpetual intercession of our Lord. He intercedes, , -,' and we pray. He claims the divine compassion, and we I recommend each other to the mercy of the great Creator. )} He offers Himself as the one Sacrifice for sins, and lo ! we desire .God's 'fatherly goodness mercifully to accept our sacrifice of praise and thanksgiving, most humbly beseeching Him to grant that we and all His whole church may obtain remission of our sins, and all other benefits of our Saviour's passion.' -If we feel the expediency of the ascension, we are men of prayer. 'In heart and mind' we 'ascend thither' where prayer is not an effort, but an atmosphere. We know by blessed experience that prayer in the church of God is not the voice of slaves who cringe in terror before a tyrant-lord; that it is not the petition of mercenaries, of whose service the highest aim is to add to what they have. Rather it is the instinctive breathing of an informing spirit, the voice of children who, without doubt or questioning, throw themselves into their Father's arms, since they are conformed to the image of His Blessed Son, Jesus Christ the Righteous. For indeed prayer is the life-blood of the church. We Chris tians pray because, if we live spiritually, we cannot but pray. | We are carried forward by a spiritual force which for ever ! fills the holy house where we are sitting. And this torrent of prayer, this pleading of all for each and of each for all, this mutual service perpetually sought and as perpetually . ren dered ; this onward, upward movement of souls, at once suppli catory and triumphant, which are ever presenting themselves in the name of Christ our Saviour before the throne of our Father and our God, this continuous spiritual activity, is the fresh warm blood that circulates through the arteries of the church ; it is at once its deepest life and the expression of that life ; it is the voice of its adoring love ; it is the ceaseless sigh of the everlasting Spirit within it. Do we realise, each one for himself, the truths involved in this expediency of our Lord's ascension ? Not if we imagine that we can appropriate His divine teaching by the mere exertion of our natural faculties, and that we owe liftle or nothing to His solemn voice as it speaks to each one of us in the recesses of conscience, and as it echoes along the records of the undivided church. Not if we propose to ourselves deliberately and upon theory' a moral standard which is lower and less than that of the Great Teacher. Not if we forget the sharp distinction which exists, and which will exist for ever, between the* very highest, noblest, purest, truest efforts of nature, and #ie heavenly action of the Spirit of Grace. Not if we are giving up the evangelical graces of faith and hope and charity, and joy and peace and long suffering ; not if we are falling back upon what are merely the highest products of the unsanctified heart, manliness, and temperance, and common sense, and justice, and perseverance, and amia bility, and integrity. Not if we thus content ourselves with virtues which paganism might have taught us, although the Son of God had never become incarnate, and had never suffered on the Cross. We do not realise the expediency of the Ascen sion, if we forget that we are the subjects of a spiritual dispensation, in which more extraordinary forces are at work, and more wonderful results are produced, than any which fall under the cognizance of sense. We do not realise it, if, .now that our Lord is so very near us, we neglect to claim and to deepen our communion with Him in common prayer and in frequent sacraments. We do not realise it, if we are unlike that holy company, which, when their Lord had gone, returned to Jerusalem with great joy, and were continually in the temple praising and blessing God. The Ascension reminds us of a Life which is higher than this world, and than that which belongs to it. So much higher, so much more blessed and glorious is the life of grace, that One who laved us men with the truest and purest affection, yet withdrew Himself, as on this day, from our sight, in order to enable us, if we will, to live it. Brethren, let us lift up our hearts ; let us lift them up to our ascended Lord. Let us put from us the whisper of those who live in and for what they see, and who tell us that the divine life, which strikes higher and deeper than the life of sense, is visionary, unpractical, or even superstitious. A life ' hidden with Christ,' is blessed beyond all words in the manifold proofs of its intrinsic power and of the tender enduring compassion of our Saviour. Let us mark and seek the genera tion of them that seek Him ; let us, if we would be lightened, have an eye unto Him who is the True Light. He ever stands above, in the city of the saints, the Lamb throned and omnipotent. To each true soul He still whispers, 'Fear not, for I have redeemed thee, I have called thee by thy name : thou art Mine !' Can we forget the accents of that voice ? Can we decline that pierced hand outstretched in mercy ? Must we not often seek, while here, to behold that presence of our Lord in righteousness, if we desire hereafter to . wake up after His likeness, and to be satisfied with it. — Liddon. , ' 