VAUGHAN ON THE PRIMACY OF PETER. In the sermon as reported in Freeman ; which Dr. Vaughan preached at St. Mary's ori Easter Sabbath morning, the. following . passage occurs on Peter's primacy. "If you, says the preacher, " will accompany me to the sea-side, you will see in the quiet of the evening, Peter, who , had gone back to his fishing, who thought our Lord would never rise again : you will see Thomas and other disciples that thought they would never see our Lord again pur suing their avocation, when a figure appears on the shore, and the beloved disciple cries out suddenly, 'It is the ; Lord !' Peter was so overcome, so over powered, that in his haste to see his Master, he cast himself into the sea. And when the other disciples came to land they saw hot coals lying and fish lying thereon, and bread. And Jesus said unto them, Come and dine ; and, though He took ' the fish and ate with them, they were afraid to ask Him who He was. Then, after "they had dined, our. Lord took Peter and ;said, ' Simon, son of Jonas, loveet thou me mere than these ?' - He saith to Him, '' Yea, Lord, ,thbu knowest that I love thee !' He saith to him, ' Feed my lambs.' "Then again He said, ' Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me ?' Peter was angry that our Lord should have again asked him ;such a question, and he said, ' Lord, thou knowest all things, thou knowest that I love thee.' lie said to him, 'Feed my sheep.'; Here. .we have; the' picture of Peter -commissioned to feed his sheep— teach the leaders of the people, and to feed the lambs — the people themselves. Here was the great foundation of the one great teaching power, the glorious foundation on which the Church was built. There was no longer to be a thousand different doctrines, there wad to be one grand centre of unity based on the primacy of Peter." As the preacher did not adduce, any .argument in support of his allegation, it would be well for us to examine the teach ing of Holy Scripture in order to ascertain his truthfulness or falsehood. It the verses brought forward are sufficient to sustain the faith of the Romanist, something more is required, in respect to their assumed in- "terprefcation, to meet the demands of the thoughtful and incredulous. IfDr. Yaughan considers such teaching as sufficient for Sc. Mary 8, strong-minded thinkers will ask him to show other proofs than those he quoted. If the risen Saviour had spoken to Peter, and to him alone in -respect to his Church, then a prima fade case might appear to be made out. But. is this a true statement of the question in dispute ? He spoke at other times as explicitly to the other Apostles as He did on the several occasions referred to by Dr. # Yaughan as addressed to Peter. Let us then; look more closely into the matter, as did ; the people of Berea, when they ex amined Paul's preaching in the light of the Old Testament, and see whether or no the language applied to Peter, as compared with that applied to the other Apostles, will bear out a " primacy" in support of the Romanist Doctor's assertion. Thus spake the Saviour, " I say unto thee that thou art Peter, and upon this rock will I build my church." Elsewhere we read, " Built upon the foundation of the Apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ Himself being the chief corner-stone." OnceN more, " And the wall of the city had twelve foundations , and in them the names of the twelve Apostles of the Lamb." Coming again to Peter, it is written, " And I will give to "thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven ; and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." To the other Apostles Jesus uttered these words of a similar import — " Verily, I say unto you, whatsoever ye .shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever ye shall loose on -earth shall be loosed in heaved." Again; the Saviour thus addressed Peter, and upon this passage Dr. Yaughan rests his rsupport for Peter's primacy. " He saith unto him, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me ? He saith unto Him, Yea, Lord, thou knowest that I love thee. . He saith unto him, Feed my sheep." Thus it is recorded in the Acts of the Apostles, "Take heed unto yourselves, and to all the flockj over which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the Church of God, which He hath purchased with his own blood." It is evident from these passages, and others of a like character which could be adduced, that just the very same power, privileges, and functions which are as- cribed to, or conferred on Peter, are equally given to the other Apostles. The idea of a " primacy" on the part of one does not seem to have even entered "the mind of the Saviour, and does not appear to have been entertained for a sin gle moment by the Apostles, or to have been acted upon by Peter. To obviate this objection, the Romanist has recourse to a rather curious and yet subtle mode of reasoning. He maintains that it is possible to draw a rule of interpretation from Scripture itself to meet the difficulty. He asserts that when a call, a prerogative, & commission is bestowed upon one person singly, though the same may be assigned to others collectively, and himself with them, he must thereby be supposed to have received a distinct and superior degree of it from the rest. On the face of this state ment there is an apparent plausibility, yet when examined more closely, it will be found a groundless assumption. If the Saviour calls one or more to follow Him, and at another time sees meet to call others in a similar way,, in what manner are the different calls to be distinguished ? At one time, the Lord Jesus calls upon all his disciples, as a general rule, to follow his steps. He, then, at a particular time, calls two or three individuals to follow Him as personal attendants or Apostles. Here the different sense in which the words were employed is at once perceived; But when our Lord tells one of his Apostles on one ocasion — " Whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven and then, on another occasion, He repeats the same promise to the other Apostles, the whole twelve being present, and understood to be placed on an equal footing, it is by no means clear that the words are iised in a sense different in the first case from that in which they were in the second. On the contrary, to understand them in a higher , sense, as applicable to Peter only, than when they are applicable to all the rest, is a mere assumption, and based upon an imaginary supposition. Again, the Apostle John is called " the disciple that Jesus loved." Unequivocal evidence is found in Scripture in support of this fact, that John was very dear to Jesus, as shown in his dying request upon the Cross. Now, if any such avowal for the primacy of Peter could be advanced, every objec tion would once and for ever be set at rest. But no such statement is contained in the teaching of Christ, and no such thing is required except to bolster up a fiction which has gained a certain hold upon the minds of men that are com mitted to Romish tradition. There was to be a perfect equality and no superiority, for in the estimate of the Master Himself, his Apostles were all regarded as brethren, and members of a common family. There is, however, another passage in the life of Peter which every Roman controversialist is ready to adduce in sup port of his cherished view of the primacy. " And the Lord said, Simon, Simon, be hold, Satan hath desired to have you, that he may sift you as wheat. But I have prayed for thee, that thy faith may not fail, and thou, being once converted, confirm thy brethren ." Thus the quotation is given by the adherent of the Papacy, and by him it is maintained that the Saviour here draws a marked distinction between the designs of Satan against all the A postles, and his interest in regard to Peter. The prayer of our Saviour, it is said, is offered for him specifically, that his faith may not fail, and that when He shall have risen from his fault he may be the strengthener of that .virtue among his fellow-Apostles. Nay, : does not the very commission to strengthen their faith, imply his being placed .in a more elevated and commanding situation? Now, such an unlikely infer ence is not to be drawn from the passage. On the face of it, the exact position of the Apostle is stated, and the reason assigned, why he, his actions, and his sayings, occupy so conspicuous a place in the history of the New Testament. His per sonal character is the key by which the difficultycanbe explained. Instead of being a stable, firm, and abiding individual, he was just the very reverse. He was at once the most forward, rash, and impetuous of all the Apostles. The chief peculiarity of his disposition was an ill-regulated zeal: He was at all times, without due and calm consideration, either ready to be the spokesman' or the guide of the other Apostles. At one period ready to cast himself into the sea ; and at: another pre pared to suffer death itself for Christ's sake. Such impetuosity was a most un suitable qualification to be the chief of the Apostles; When he cast himself into the sea his faith at once failed him, and he cried, " Lord, save me, or I perish." When he vowed his love for Christ, that if all forsook Him he would riot ; yet that faith once tried, he possessed not the courage to avow his friendship for Christ on the accusation of a maid-servant. All through life this uncontrolled disposition is evident, and as the Divine Saviour knew what is in man, He could scan the very heart of his Apostle. His rashness required a check, and when that was ad ministered, the change would enable him to strengthen his brethren if tried in a like manner. Instead of a sign of superiority, it only indicates a season of trial and cer tain disgrace. Instead of promotion above the other Apostles, it rather evinces a lower position. In the consideration of the passage just referred to as addressed to Peter, " When thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren ;" and the one quoted by Dr. Vaughan, in which the Saviours thrice repeated question occurs, " Lovest thou me?" the mental idiosyncrasy of the Apostle must not be overloooked: His conduct at the time should also be allowed a chief place in our judgment. On that night when the Saviour was taken to the judgment-hall, Peter followed, and was at least a close observer. There his courage was tested, and he played the coward. Once, and again, and a third time he wickedly denied that he had any part or lot with the accused prisoner. By his own act he thus excommunicated or cut himself off from the society of the other Apostles. It was necessary that some public recognition of his restoration to favour should take place. How natural would it have been for Peter to be shunned by the Apostles, and even denied a place among the company of believers ! Gut of his inherent kindness the risen Saviour enquires at his erring and fallen Apostle if his love be not yet fervent in his behalf That question is so often repeated that the repentant criminal- is forced to cry out in bitterness of spirit, " thou knowest that I love thee." His faith is now re-awakened as well as invigorated. A new commission is bestowed upon him, lest it might be said of him, as it was said of another Apostle, " let his bishopric another take." All this is now entirely altered. The thrice guilty and fallen Apostle has the thrice-repeated call, " Feed my sheep." This seems the most easy and sensible mode of explaining the statement of the Gospel narrative. Had not a purpose been designed, the subtility of man, or the adroitness of Satan would never have suggested a "primacy." How can the for giveness of Peter and his restoration to the Divine favour be construed into an act by which he was raised above his brethren ? It is a very strange mode of obtaining a superior position ! From such reasoning it is obvious that the fall of Peter became the stepping-stone to his ex alted attitude ; and that the most unstable of the Apostles was deliberately placed over the rest as their primate, and declared to be the sure foundation on which the whole Christian Church should be erected. This view may suit Dr. Yaughan; but the Apostle of the Gentiles thought other wise when he said — " Other foundation can no man lay, than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." 