MONDAY, DECEMBER 13tH, 1875. The .necessity, for-a dissolution of the! Legislative Assembly becomes more' apparent every day. 'Protracted and ■wearisome debates oyer matters -with re- : spect to which a foregone conclusionhas already been arrived at—although the sixth month, of the financial year is well advanced—characterises the As-' sembly now/as itlias done since a .-very early period of its career. Legislation; there is absolutely none, and with res-; pect to the control of expenditure—-the: special privilege of that branch of the! Legislature — the .present session! has witnessed the most culpable in difference. Although sixmonths'; supply has received the sanction; of Parliament by means of ho less than four Acts of Parliament, 'these'-mea sures have passed in a few' minutes by: the suspension of the standing' orders. There has been ho more intelligent con-' sideration of the annual estimates than though the expenditure of the country! had been carried, on by the. Executive; unchecked . and uncontrolled. ., The country then may well t ask! for what; purpose the present Legislative Assem-! bly is kept • in" existence. If-there is not to be an appeal to the country,-then! those who are answerable for the present condition, of affairs, had far lietter take the full.responsibility thereof, without the fiction and the sham of asking the consent of a, chamber which no longer represents J its constituents. Whatever form of government is to prevail, at least there might be suffi cient honesty to have it openly pro claimed. It would7 seem that the design is to make the Assembly as irresponsible as. the Council has ever been, and by -this means previent the earnest convic tions of-the country, from having their egitimate and full yoight. The theory as propounded by the Chief Secretary on Wednesday, if allowed and accepted, is fraught with serious danger to healthy political action. Mr Macpherson- consi dered the Acting-Governor was entitled to the thanks of the Assembly for re-; fusing a dissolution! to Mr ELerferd and, Mr Berry, .because such a course was calculated to secure the indepen dence of Parliament., 'In a word,.only! let it be well understood-, that there is to he r no: fear of the - country before the eyes . of lion." members,7 and7 the field for cabal and plot ting is virtually illimitable.: • This, is all that is required to make Parlia ment a paradise to ordinary members.' In addition to the very natural com forts which one hy one have been added to the, accommodation provided, a class! of members do secretly what Mr Witt at least had the honesty to do "openly, viz., ply the avocation of a paid agent within the precincts of- the various public departments. Provided with £300 per annum, free railway passes, all the advantages of a first rate club, and a' profitable business as well, the public can readilyunderstand howpopular tlieviews propounded by Mr Macthebson must be.! If to' the above reasons be added veiy. legitimate fears that outraged'con stituents -will not renew that; confidence which has :been abused, it will be still more easy to understand why a majority largely, actuated, as above should malignantly attack a minority' whose sense, of public duty constrains them to advocate a dissolution of the House to Which .they belong. It is. not to be advanced for one moment that a dis solution is a pleasant prospect from any point of view. Nor should it be lightly advised, or without sufficient cause. It is expensive to the country as well as to the candidates, occupies considerable time, and if earnestly conducted gives rise to considerable ill-will and bitterness of feeling. Nor these reasons, therefore, a premature dissolution of the Assembly is generally undesirable. All these considerations, however, are mere dust in the balance when the real interests of the country are involved. There are times and circumstances when a disso lution will give the country tin oppor tunity of deciding some important issue, calculated to be of immense importance to the future of the colony. At such times, men perceive the opportunity .with a kind of instinct, and the feeling spreads with rapidity throughout the .constituencies. Only the wilfully blind can fail to see that the present is .one of those special opportunities when a vast amount of genuine progress can be se cured by simply affording the electors a legitimate opportunity of impressing their will upon the Legislature. Un fortunately the minority in the country ire it present a majority in the Assem bly, and every possible device will be tried to stave off the demanded dissolu tion. And this is the state of. affairs which the Chief Secretary congratulates the Assembly upon. This is the kind of independence he professed to be so much in love with. Independent forsooth, why if the Assembly had one- spark of genuine independence it would refuse from Sir James M'Cul ioch a policy which he unscrupulously condemned four months since. Why, the sight of Mr Service sitting in the i ■ .Opposition; corner must /be to bis late colleagues' like Banquo's ghost to Mac beth. And yet a majority is said' to be independent, whilst it votes to keep in office a combination so disgraceful that it is calculated to reduce Parliamentary in stitutions lower than ever. The debate in the Assembly, which is not yet finished however worthless for legitimate pur eposes, is calculated to bring the above facts prominently before the country. Prom this and other causes the desire for i a dissolution increases every day, and it yet remains to be seen if a ma jority of the Assembly will not volun tarily .afford the constituencies the opportunity they so earnestly de sire. That issue, we understand, vdll be clearly submitted on a de finite motion, recommending a disso-' lution at the present time. The division on such a motion will be looked for with interest, inasmuch as the country will then learn which of its representatives are unwilling, at the present time, to surrender their trust, and give an ac count of their stewardship. In the mean time public opinion must make itself heard. It is incumbent on those electo rates which are riot fairly represented in Parliament, to take steps to let that fact be known. ■ If this course is generally and resolutely pursued there can be little doubt of the result. An As sembly which has unmistakably lost the confidence of the constituent body can not long hold out against the indigna tion it has evoked. 