WESLEYAN DISTRICT MEETING. I The annual meeting of ministers in the ' Queensland District, commencod on Wednesday morning last, in Albert-streot Church , under tho presidency of tho Rov. F. T. Brentnall Chnirmnn of tho district. In addition to tho Chairman thero woro presont tho Rov. C. Wiles, n ? . t-„,. tit tt tit ? ? t. urjnijjiu, iiuv. aix. j-a. j. .uiuuoyii, luuryuurou^ii; Rev. A. Rutledgc, Fortitudo Valloy ; Rov. J. Spenco, South Brisbano; Rov. W. B. Mather, Mount Porry ; Rev. J. F. Orr, Ipswich ; Rov. W; G.Taylor, Warwick; Rov. A. Midgloy, Too wooinba; Rov. P. Clipsham, Fortitudo Valloy; Rev. J. D. Hennessy, Stanthorpe; and tho Rev. T. H. Gibson, Lognn. Tho Rev. H. W. T. Pincombo had not arrived from Ipswich, but was expected in the course of the day. Tho mooting was opened by tho Chairman, ? giving out tho usual hymn, commencing.— ' And aro wo yet alive. And sco oacU other's faco.' After which tho Rev. M. Parkinson read a portion of scripture, and tho Rev. C. Wilos and A. Rutledgo engaged in prayer. The first part of tho business was the election of officers, and on a ballot being taken tho Rev. A. Rutledgo was elected secretary and tho Rev. W. G. Taylor assistant secretary Tho Rev. J. Spenco was appointed roportor to the press. Tho hours of session agreed upon woro : — Morning, from half-past 9 to half- past 12 o'clock ; afternoon, from half-past 2 to 5. The Secretary was directed to send a letter of sympathy to tho Rov. Isaac Harding, who was prevented from attending by infirmity and distanco. The chairman of tho district, stated that tho ox-prettident of tho conference, Rev. .T. H. Fletcher, would attend tho sittings of the district, ns his convenience might allow. On tho motion of tho Rev. A. Rutledgo, tho Rov. Goorgo Woolnough, 51. A., of Sydney, who is at present on a visit to Brisbane, was invited to bo present during the session, and to tako part in tho ordination service. Arrangements woro made for tho examination of a candidato for tho Ministry from tho Fortitudo Valloy Circuit, and a committeo was appointed to hear him preach. Arrangements wero also mado for the written examinations of the Revs. P. Clipsham, J. D. Hennessy, and T. II. Gibson, the latter being in his first year, and the two former in their second year of probation. Tho subjects of examination for tho lirst year , aro : — Fletcher's 1st and 2nd Checks ; Watson's Institutes, parti.; Field's Hand Book of Theology, VII — VIII. ; Pearson on tho Creed, Article I. In Greek, — St. John's Gospel, chapter I — VI. For the second year, Flotcher's 3rd and 4th Checks ; Watson's Institutes, part II. ; Field's Hand book of Theology, chapter XIII. ; Pearson on tlio Creed Article, article II. ; Howe's Living Templo, part I. ; in Greek, the Epistlo to tho Romans ; in Hebrew, Genesis, chapters I. — VI. Tho Chairman stated that though thero was no definite information to hand about the three ministers asked from England at tho last Con ference, yet from a letter ho had received from ono of the missionary secretaries in London, ho believed thero was reason to hope that tho request would ho granted. The usual searching examination into the character and ability of each minister was con ducted by tho Chairman, and was satisfactory in each caso. No minister having died, and nono wishing to become a supernumerary, the meeting passed on to tho consideration of the questions : — What circuits ask for additional preachers ? and What new stations do we propose to occupy ? Under the latter question it was resolved to occupy Townsvillo and Cooktown as soon as ministers should arrive from England. Wednesday Afternoon. Tho mooting was opened with prayer by tho Rev. H. W. T. Pincombo, who had arrived from Ipswich since tho close of tho morning session. As it was known that Mr. Pincombo had re cently passed through severe family affliction, and hud lost two of his children by death, tho following resolution was passed witn auujj una brotherly feeling—' That our warmest sym pathy ho expressed to Brother Pincombe and his wifo in tho heavy and painful domestic affliction, with which it has pleased Divino Providence to visit them.' As tho General Conference of last year had passed a law changing the time for circuits to ? give invitations to ministers from September to Decombcr, it was found impracticable to prepare ' and recommend a station sheet to tho Confer ence. It was noted, however, that in tho fol lowing circuits a ministerial cliango must tako place noxt Conference, according to tho law of tlio connexion, viz. : — Brisbano (Albert-streot), Toowoomba; Warwick, Maryborough, Rock hampton, and Gympie. Tho remaining cir cuits have not yot had their ministers for tho full term of throo years, consequently thero is no change yot due. It was resolved that tho . Chairman visit Coppcrfield before tho ensuing Conference. A long conversation took place on tbo matter of baptismal and burial returns, and ultimately a deputation, consisting of the chair man and 'the Rev. M. Parkinson, was appointed to wait upon the Registrar-General for the pur poso of eliciting information. Thursday Morning. This being tho day for tho financial district meeting tho following stewards wero in atten dance : .— Mr. Foster, Albert - street ; Mr. M'Mastor and Mr. Curphoy, Fortitude Valley ; , Mr. Curnow and Mr. Evans, Ipswich; Mr. Wilcox-' Toowoomba. 1 Under tho question — Do wo recommend tho division or alteration of any circuit in the district? A resolution was tabled from tho Alhort-strcet quarterly meoting asking tho finan cial district meeting: to ro- adjust tho boundaries between tho two Brisbano Circuits. After a very lengthened discussion tho meoting, by a a majority, refused to disturb the present arrangement. Tho_ Ipswich quarterly meeting usked for tho division of their circuit, hut it was resolved that as tho information be fore tho meeting was imporfeet tho matter be referred to tho noxt quartorly meeting, and tho chairman of the district be requested to attend and ascertain tho feasibility of such an altera tion. Conditional upon that and tho usual guaranteo of support from tho proposed new circuit, tho committeo would rocommond the ? Conference to sanction the division. On tho motion of the Rev. A. Rutledgo, seconded by tho Rov. M. H. Parkinson, Herd ing Yard, Maryland, and Cemetery .Creek, in tho colony of Now South Wales, wero rceom monded to bo united to tho Stanthorpo Circuit. No Circuit being under obligation to tako a married instead of a singlo man, the meeting passod to tho consideration of tho statistical ro turns. From theso returns it appears that while thero was a doereaso of ton members on tho Vyoar, tlioro was an increaso in tho attendants on public worship, as also in local preachers, class leadors, and Sabbath school teachers and scholars. Tho nor.t business was tho election 'of a 'representative to accompany tho chairman rto tho stationing committeo and conference, and, on a ballot boing taken — ministers and laymen both voting — the Rev. A. Rutlodge, of Fortitudo Valley, was olected. In tho consideration of Church property, it was found that during tho year a parsonago of wood had beon erected at Toowoomba, at a cost of £520, and a small cottago at Stanthorpe at a cost of £120.' Permission was given to onlargo tho Fortitudo Valley Church, at a cost of about £1,200 ; to oroct a church at South Pino, at a cost of about £150, and to build a woodon oliuroh at Hording Yard at a cost of about £140. On . tho motion of tho Rov. J. Sponce, it was resolved to appoint the superintendent of Albert-streot circuit as the custodian of. deeds and to purcliaso a proper iron safe for their keeping. . Proposed by tho Rov. A. Rutledgo, and, seconded by Mr. Curphey, anil carried, that I the Brisbane Fortitude Valley circuit be hence I orth designated Brisbane Aim-street circuit, j After sonio miscellaneous business had been | transacted, tho . connoxional funds passed under roviow. In tho educational collections, which aro supplemented by a guinea subserip- ' tion from each minister, thoro was an increaso of over £5. Tho Supernumerary and Ministers' Widows' Fund showed an increaso of over £20. At 5 o'clock, tho committeo adjourned until tho noxt morning, at 10. ; Thursday Evf.nino. OIIDINATION SEllVICE. ' .t , On Thursday ovening, in Albert-street Church, tho Rev. Messrs. Mather; Orr, Taylor, and Midgloy woro solemnly ordained to the full work of tho ministry by the imposition of hands. At 7 o'clock, tho Rov. F. T. Brontnall, chairman of the district, commenccd tho service by givingjout the 433rd hymn and leading tho largo congregation in prayer. Ater prayer was ended, the soctotary (Rov. A. Rutledge) intro duced each of the candidates for ordination to tho Chairman, who called upon them one by ono to relate their religious experience and call the ministry. Rov. W. B. Mather said I10 owed very much to the influonco of Christian parents. They wero not only members of tho Methodist Church of tho third generation but truly Godly people whoso teaching and example early impressed his heart. It was not, however, till his nine teenth year that he was brought to a saving knowlcdgo of tho truth. Ho then heard a sermon by tho Rov. J. S. H. Royco on tho Loyo of God, which doeply affected him and led him to decision. Soon after he obtained a conscious sense of tho Divine favour and began to work in tho Church. From an early period ho had felt it his duty to preach, but ;had allowed influences to operate against tho dis charge of this duty until a clergyman of the Church of England urged him to take orders, when he resolved no longer to resist the impulse within, but give himself up to tho necessary studies at college, not, however, for the ministry of tho Episcopian Church, but for tlio Ministry of tho Church of his fathers, in which ho ;had received his light and blessing. In duo timo ho was accepted by tho Tasmnnian District and sinco then had been happy in his work. , Rev. J. F. Orr said that he remembered When ho was six years of age that ho was under ro- . ' ligious impressions. Had been brought up a member of tho Church of England, but had been led to a class meeting by a friend, and he had there got his heart blessed, and.liad joined tho Methodist Church. Shortly alter this Bo:' began to preach, and had endeavoured to preach' under tho conviction ' Woo is mo if I preach not the Gospel.' He was thankful to say tliiit in preaching that Gospel he had realized -a- happiness indcscribablo, and had been' made ' useful to others. Rev. W. G. Taylor said ho felt it extremely difficult to cemmand his feelings to speak. Was - thankful that religion had beon a blessed oxpo rienco with him for eighteen years. Ho had several facts in his past history then before his mind, on which he delighted to dwell. Ho was a Methodist of tho fifth generation, some of his ancestry being friends of Mr. 'Wesley; His ' mother was godly, loving, and judicious, nnd to her he owed much for his present position. ; He exhorted mothers to pray and liopo for tho conver sion of their children, for ho was convorted when he was only twelve years of age, commonced to ? preach when ho was sixtoon years of ago, and was urged to enter tho ministry when ho was eighteen ; refused, and thought by that refusal he had injured his happiness. .Entored tho ministry, and went as a studont to Richmond College in 1868. Ho thanked God ho could look back upon past success, and for the futuro was only anxious to be useful ; and to this end he was resolved to seek a higher religious lifo, and Bpend and be spent for others. Rov. A. Midgley said that he was undergoing a severe mental struggle in taking his final ministerial stop ; not li-om any want of convic tion of duty, hut from a sense of unworfchiness. The influence of pious parents.liad not come to him as to his brethren, for his parents were early taken from him. Ho had, however, a', pious, grandfather, through whose influences he.; had joined tho Church wtnSn he .was iourteuu ; years of ago — tho occasion of his immediate decision, being a sermon by the Rev. .Henry Pollinger, in Oxford Placo Chapel,- Leeds! Ia... threo years aftor, he commonced to preach. Soon after his arrival in tho colony, .in ,1870. ho came under the pastoral care' of tho Rev. C. Wiles, then stationed in Rockhampton, to whose kindness and Christian treatment lio ascribed his position in tho ministry. . . His only .desiro was to livo to God, and benefithis follow men. At the conclusion of tho relation of, oxperionco — tho Chairman read tho usu(d portions of Scripture, together , with tho uSual, 1 questions, which wero all answered satisfactorily. Tho candidates for ordination thon knolt at tho communion rail, and tho Revs. J. IT. Flctcher (ex-President), F. T. Brentnull, G. Woolnough, and A. Rutledgo laid their hands severally upon tho head of each, tho ex-Prcsidoiit saying',-: 'Mayest thou receive the Holy Ghost for tho offico and work of a Christian minister and pastor now committed unto theo by tho imposi tion of our hands. And bo tliou a faithful dispenser of tho Word of God and of his lioly sacraments — iu tho Name of tho Father, and of —. the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.' ' ! 3: He then presented each with a Bible, saying ' Take thou authority to preach tho' Word of - God, and to administer tho sacramcnts in 'the congregations.' All tho ministers present then - took the sacrament of tho Lord'a aupper with the newly-ordained ministers, aftor which the ' ex-Presilent ascended the pulpit; and delivered a charge of great beauty, power, and appropri ateness, from 1 Chronicles, xii, 32. Tho sorvicQ, ; which was a most interesting and profitable.,; one, came to a closo at twenty minutes past 9.., o'clock. , . .. j Fhiday Morning. Tho adjourned financial meeting assembled - at 10 o'clock, and was opened with prayer by ' the Rov. J: Spenco. ! ; Tho Sabbath'appointments were nrranged for, and, on the motion of the Rev. A. Rutledge,!. seconded by tho Rev. C. Wiles, it was resolved - — ' That the cordial and rospcetful thanks of the meeting bo given to tho ex-Presidont (Rev. . J. II. Fletohor) for his wise, faithful, and elo quent cliargo delivered last . evening, _ and' that ho bo carnostly requested to publish it ; in tho Queensland Evangelical Standard and'' tho Sydney Christian Advocate. In the consideration of Foreign Mission affairs . it was ascertained that a portion of tho grant , from England, which was asked for two years ago, is in the hands of tho Sydney Executivo Committeo to bo paid over as soon ns we;aro able to meet tho conditions, whereupon ' it was , resolved that this meeting rejoices to hear that the sum of £500 (boing tho hnlf of tho ' amount . promised by tho committeo of Missions in Eng land), to aid in tho formation 6f a loan fund ' for Queensland, is available as soon ns Queens land raises £250, and begs 'respectfully to. requost that the Loan Fund Committeo under- 1 tako the responsibility of raising this £250 during tho presont year. Resolutions came up from tho committee of the Religious Book and Tract DopQt offering to place tho concern under tho direction of the New South Wales and Queensland 'Conference, and that it be henceforth 'designated the ' Queensland Wesleyan Book Dop6t.' On the . motion of tho Rov. it. W. T. Pincombe, it was resolved to ask the Conference to accept the offer. It was further resolved that-tho best 'thanks of this meeting be presented to Mr. W. Steele, : , for the kind attention he has bestowed upon tho affairs of tho Book DopOt during tho last five years, and for his successful ' management of tho same., ' V*,' 1 Tho financial meoting closed ? at half-past 12. o'clock. - ? - ' .'i ?? , . Home Mission Society.—' Tlie annual mut- : ing of the :Quoe^Bland/ Homo -^Cission Society''' wiU be' held in the Wesley an, Oh.uroli, Fortitude Valley, on Monday evening noxt, 