EFFECTS OF THE. IMAGINATION. . In an essay entitled " Notes on Ghosts and Gob lins " in his recently -publjslied volume, '.' The Bor derland of Science, " Richard A. Prootor gives an in stance of optical illusion exporiorlced by himself, which aptly illustrates the wav in which a" belief in the appearance of a ghost might originate in a su perstitions ago, or in any case where the person ex periencing the illusion happened to/ havo weak nerves or- feeble wits, ! , Mr. Proctor's mother had died some -months be fore the time of whioh he writes, — he .wes'then a Cambridge student, and the scene of the Occurrence was his oollego, . ,- - "lhad on one evening been particularly j I. may say unreasonably, low-spirited. "1 .fiad sat brooding for hours over, dismal thoughts. These thoughts had followed trie to bed, and I went to sleep still under their influence, ,, - "I cannot remember : my dreams— I did dreatti, and my dreams were melancholy — but although I had a perfectly -clear remembranoe of their tenor on first waking, thoy had passed altogether from , re collection the next morning." , 'Itis to bo noted, however, that I was under tho influence, of . sorrowful dreams when I woke. ; - u." A6 this time the light of a waning moon was shining into my room. I opened my eyes, and saw without surprise or any conscious feeling of fear, : my mother standing at the foot of the bed. -; She wag not "in hor. habit as. she. lived," but olothed, in; white samite, mystio,.: wonderful., -Her faee, wosj pale, though not with the pallor of life ; her oxpres- j sion. sorrowful, and tears which glistened in the j moonlight stood in her eyes. . . V "And now a strange mental condition/followed, j My reason told me that I was .deceived by- appear. | ances;.bnt tbe figure I saw -was neither my/mothor!s I spirit nor an unreal .vision.',/ ; 'I-:/ / / "I felt certain I was not-looking at a /'phantom ; of the brain .whioh would show itself without;' and I I felt equally ;oertaiu thai no really existent spirit ! was there before me. -Yet the-longer I lookod,-the j more perfect appeared the picture. , .- - " I. racked my memory to recall ariy objects in! my bed-room wfiieh eould-be mistaken for. a shroud- j ed ghost, but my,. memory was busy- recalling the: features of tho dead, "and my, brain . (against the ao- j tion of my will) was, tracing 'the features in the figure which stood before me. " The deception grew more arid more complete, until i could nave spoken alond as to a living per son. - , ; / ,- - - i . "Meantime,/, my mind had suggested, 1 and at oncocrejeotcd the idea/of a trick played me by 'one of my college . friends, . _ I felt a perfect assurance that whatever it was which Stood, before me, it was not a breathing oroature selfres trained into absolute slillness..7 . j i" How long I remained gazing at the figure l oan- not remember;;.'. but;I know thaft'I continued stead fastly looking at it until. I had assured mysolf- that —to my mind :in its probably unhealthy condition —the picture was perfect in all respects; .-i \- f At last 'I raised /my head from the pillow, in tending to draw nearer to the -mysterious figure. But it was quite rinrieoessary, l I had not raised my head three inches before the ghost was gone, and in its place — or, rather, not in its .place, but five or six feet friither away— hung my collcge surplice:" : The tears whioh (glistened in the moonlight," Mr. Proctor accounts for in this way : " O ver my surplice I had hung a rowing belt, and the silvered buckles— partly concealed by the folds of the 'sur plice— shone in th6 moonlight. " , i The wheels of nature are not made to roll back- ! wards ; - everything .presses on , towards eternity ; from the birth of time an impetuous current has "set irij'whioh bears all the'sons of : men to that1 inter-i minable ocean. / There is no art or soierioe'that is too difficult 'for ' industry to attain to.! . Industry makes a man un derstood and valued in all countries, and by all na tions; it is, the philosopher's stone, that turns al most everything into gold. 