Tgas hen. member for Geraldton, as the representative of the anti-progress party, after asserting that our few men of means are, like FPILDNl's country squires, or JB's wotderiul ostriches, a race of beings whom " God hath de prived ,f umderstanding," and that if we should be so foolish as to place our affairs in their hanlds we must expect to be inevitably ruined, quietly goes on to tell us that our affairs ale in their hands already, and that, while it is " well that there should be a power above them to exercise 8a veto," on their necessarily irrational preceedings, it is a power which in matters of Im portance is never exercised, and that they are in reality left to do just as they like. We do not know whether the hon. member-who is himself one of the race he describes in such flatter ing t-rms-means us to accepthis very snigular line of argument as a proof of his assertion, but it is a way of proving things which is wholly new to us. We feel disposed to ask the hen. member on which argument he intends to rely? or-as it is racing time which horse he intends to win with ? tle can scarcely win with both. If he can prove that a strict supervision is exercised by an Argus eyed Secretary of State who can take in the colony at a glance, iand to whom such grovelling things as facts and statistics are un necessary, the first argument may be sound. If on the other hand he can shew that exuept in some trivial mat ters the great inan never interferes, thle second may be good. But both cannot stand. Perhape, however, lihe means one argumenet for one set of people and the other for another set or wishes to give people a choice. We doubt the expedienc of such a course, but possibly it may have its advan tnges and as we have discussed the hion. members first position, and theze is nothing-except fact--to prewnt either of them being true, it may be as well to see the force of his second lne of argument. Admitting then-what we do not a'lmit-that our merchants iand landowners-who by the way seem to have been no fools in their own affairs-are quite unable to manage the affairs of the country-do they in the House have everything their own way? If we may believe Mr. WELD~, they have hitherto I ad atythitng but theirown way. Mr. BAnLCB--who re preseits, not the colony, but Downing 6treet and Government House-" has lied," he tells us, "five years of unvary ing parliamentary triumph " Is this what the hen. member meanse by " haviing their own way," or " getting just what they want?" Or is it hav iIg their own way to be told that (:X measure on whichi tey had all set their hearts and w.s the most important rneasure that was ever before the House was a great mistake and was only passed by them because they were blind to the fact that they were at the mercyof six thousand ruffians who would itmmediately take the reins of power into their own hands and reduce the countlry to a state of eanarchy? Or,-as the hen. member for W\Velling :,n pointed out-is it having their own way, when a Governor, by wh.t is called an order in Council, but what is really an order from his own drawing room, camncels aln important bill pass.d by them alter a long dibate ? If this is " having their own way," we won der what the hio. member vould call " not having their own way ?" But, not only does the necessity of obtaining the consent of the Home Government often lead to most impor tant measures which have been care 'ully considered on the spot being afterwards set aside throl gh some maisapprehension of back-stairs influ-g ence, but even where this is not e? case the colony suffers all the matly evile incident on the long delay in ob tainirng the imperial decision. These .evils are scarcely less than that of an ultimate refusal. This in fact is the great evil of the connection. Tihe ,,pponents of a chango slur over this point. They say nothing about the obstruction to progress caused by the time lost in coummunmications and ex iplanation- botweenl Governent House and Downin; Street. They a o too sn sible that this cannot he d n.e 1. But this is where 'the great mischiif lies. If Downing Street were next door, the necessity of constattly referring to the euroetary of State would not so mutch natter. The great state official would then only be to us what an "pio native sovereign, like poor old GEoRGE the Third, would be to the government at home, His whims and prejudices would always have to be considered, but these would be pretty well known and nothing would be atteipted which would he sure to be rejected. If the exact thing required was not likely to meet with approval it might be so modified as to ensure its being sanctioned and in any case time would not be l?st in a tedious a d fruitless correspondence. But tow, if the go vernment happens to view a ineasure in a different light from that expected, the probability is tha..by the time another six months has gone over the season for action will have pass.d. Even if it is not so, a twelvemomth will have been lost. In a young colony where everything has to be done and where, as an hen. member observed in the debate on Monday nIight, " a year is an age," such delay stands in the way of all progress. All sorts of speculators-spe,:ulators in railwaye- speculators in telegraphs-speculators inuharbor works-speculators in tim bher-speculators in mines-see an opening for doing a good stroke of business and make perhaps liberal proposals. But, when they are told that they will have to wait six ort twelve or perhaps eighteet months be fore they can have a final asiswer, they simply labgh at the thing as ridiculous. People of business do not hamper themselves with prospective engagements when they may in the meantime meet with speculations in other directions which may require all the means at their command. They con not undertake to keep a margin for transactionsin the distance on the chanve of the Colonial Government being able to satisfy that of the mother~ country. The thitgis stamped with absurdity on the face of it. When w, consider what has to be done in a new colhny and what is meant by sub mitting everything to an official four teen thousand miles away before .a single step can be taken, we can think of nothing like it auless it be a large estate in which some scores of people are interested and which requires all sorts of improvements, which is at tihe same time in Chancery, and in regard to which nothing can be done within six or twelve mouths, just as here. We do not know whether the hen. member for Geraldton has ever had the luxury of administering an estate so situated, but we should be inclined to say he has not. If he had, he would never have voted for keeping the colony in which he lives ana in whose welfare we believe he has as sincere an interest as any man in it well, not in Chancery-but in what is justthesame thing-in DowningStreet. The hen. member-whom we mustre gard as the impersonation of the - position - talks of the colony as if it was a sort of political Eden and for it to venture into lResponsible Go vernment was to leave -a garden of flowers to encounter the thorns and thistles of a world of which it can have but littleidea. But therealrea son why it seems so desirable to get out of our present position is because it is so extremely undesirable to stay in it. The evils arising out of the necessity of referring everything to an official in London are of themselves ao great that it is felt that they would be cheaply got rid oX at any prie. N?o ypstem we may.get is likely to be free rlbom faults, butjriothing can 1 iell be worse than that which 'we have at present. The only.thing about it 'which.in any way reminds us of 'ExN is that those who are in it seem re markably anxiousfto get out of it. Biut then-EDns have. always- been un firtunate ini thisroespect'from tiat of ADniirto' tata f AaSoR ELs .& " · liT lion. member in asserting now Sthatit'is' necessary for the iomen Gb Vernment~to'have.a veto' on' tlhe mea suitres-of Council becaune its- members ::are:inaapable legislator--now that his veto is harmless becaiue it ier. never; exercised in matters of importance- whiile' he offers- 'for outr acceptance a \- pleasing variety of argument, seems'to ds to plece'himself in this dilemma the minreser of state to whom such mneasures are referredd either does exercise hiis power of vetob, or .he does not. If he does not, then wliht is the tise of waiting air months for his assent ?' If he does, then what is the use of passing -measures here; when they are as likely as not to be- rejected after we have been kept six inonths in suspense . ONE of the tclc argumenits against" the suitability of a' responsible form of Government for young colonieS, and especially for that of WVest? Australia, is the alleged impossibility of finding rein of suf1iint means andl capacity to adminfister'the affaire of th~e coun try. This argunnent-srpposing the assuned impossibility to existb anti the argument to' be fo~rided on fact would have great force as' against a transition from the simple afd ele mientary form of Government accorded c, a CroWn colony to the more com plex and eipensive one of a represen tative Goveanment, but it is no argu itont against a change from a repre sentative government Vithoitt respon Ssibility, such as we have here, to one which in' addition to being representa tive is also responsible- The irre sponsible form of government Wants just as good men as the other, without the same likelihood of obtaining them. Althorigh the honorable member for Geraldton was more' sweeping than accurate srhen he -asserted that alli measures of importance adopted by the Council were inaeriably sanctioned _y the Government at home, there is mo doubt thtat most of them Woid be sanctioned, and tat, while a good .measure woUld'be occasionally rejec ted, a. great many very Iad ones would be enorsed without hesitation. Ple.ve'to of an oflicial profoundly _rnoranit, as ID wning Street officials seem to be' o1 even the social condt fin of the colony moglht occasionally stand in the Way of a measure of vital importance-as in the instance before ,sl-but it would not stop a number of less compicuous measures which tiight yet be very mischievous. At allevents it has never stopped them Set. We require therefore lust as good men now,. as we should do if, in addition to doing the Work, tfey were responsible for what they did. lhe fact of the Secretary for the eolo Stis being the party who is theoreti enlly responsible does not enable us to claim any compensation for his -nistalkes. He may bear. the sins of the coloiy, burt he does not hear their punishment. Hisi responsibility is of the purely moral or, rather, official kind. We can get nothing out of him. The honorable member for l,raldton seems to be under the im pression that the Council has at pre Cent little or nothing to do-that it hears only a very small part of the burden of Government and that, if it "iad the irhole weighton its shoulders, it wou'd le overWhelmed. Buat-if the Council.does not bl;ear. it, who does ?: Certainly not the Secretary for the aolonies-he has only 'to bear the " responsibility "-which site on him te su-pect very lightly. But does Hie Excellency bear it?. Scarcely. "de has a less burden to bear than the Secretary for the colonies-he?lhas only to/take the ".responsibilty " and pass it on. Most weo suppose then that the Colonial Secretary is the unhappy vic tim on whom rest thei caresand burdens of the state? We -appreheod he is. Ehere is very-little doubt he has by Sfar the greatest share of them. But is he not himself a member of Coun-l cil and likely to continue so? Or is it fated that poor Mr. BIRnLE is to disaplear with his office? That he has been Colonial Secretary so lobg that he' and his office have become in separable, like the Siatnese twins, and .that When the Colonial Secretary gives tip the ghost Mr. BaaR~sa must give it tip too? The honorable member may know more about Mr. Baanus's con stitution and thesympathy eistring be? tween him and his office, than we do, and may possess within himself the saddening knowledge that the offiee and the politician who has so: long animated it will go out together. But *e.ourselves have no apprehensions of any suich iunusual consequences. We are on the contrsry rather dis 'posed to regard the office Which Mr. Ba~?An has so long held, as the human lody is regarded by +heologians. We' are inclined to look on it as an'impedi ment to his freedom of action and as debasing his higher instincts, and ex pect to see him after his emaahcipation from it, etherealized.=-and become at once more subtle and more powerful. Mr. Bnowzr may know better--but we ourselves still hope to see some good rork got out of Mr. BatEX long after the Colonial Secretaryhasbeen-we will got say, dead-but become immortal. Any increase of work moreoter which ..ill fall on members will not be work requiring the hand of a genius, It will be mere common-place detail within the reach of any man with a good business head, The statesman -the man who is really difficult to get and who seems to appear on the aur faiceof political life by such a mere chance, thathe is as often. found in a small comuniiiity as in a large one as often in a little place like Corsica as in France or England-is just as recessary in the present form of Go Bernment, as he would be in one that was responsible. He is moreover sore difficult to obtain. We are not by any means unfavorably impressed by the debates in our present House of representatives. Many of the speeches on Monday evening for in stanoe were all that could . be wished. The hen. member for Plantagenet with his excellently arranged statistics and his quiet remark' that " he *did not know where Lord COaariavor- had picked up his'figures,, but he shlould hive thoughtthere must be somein his office. who could have set him right" \--hehon. members for Greenoughand the Swan with their shortdry remarks, alwayrto::ho point-the careful and well arranged argumrentsof Mhr. BIKc nsv and' M'r: Brar--the more diffuse speech' of the hon member for Fre mantle- to'say notnineg oft tihat pro .eeding from theacknowledged leader of the opposition-were all in their way excellent;: whilethe lion. mem Hbar for Perth- o more likely from his- previous habits of life or any special training to prove himself a statesman than hundreds' of men around him; took every one by sur prize-speaking ais he did only an hour after his'election, with great clear ness and flicncy and giving every pro mise of~ being a most useful mar in the aiuse. THe was the moast mufortttiate coadjntor Mir. Baows, could have had. He was a stan:ding proof o his- leaders inability to estimate' the powers of colonial business mren; and of the fal lacy of his hiibf argument. The only speaker'who dieappointedue and who was indeed by no' means'eqaual to him self was the hoen member for GerEad ton-'-.who wasso anxiousto prove his case beyond a doubt, that he proved a great deal teoo much--for he proved impossibilities. Had he been content to declare that thie OCunci was by no means wa~nting in men of ability and not added that the course it was pur suing was a conclusive proof that it was' not ft to have the administration of affairs-or had he been content to assert that the Council was allowed to do just as as it liked and not asserted with~ equal vehemence that it was well for it thati there was a power above it to veto its measures--his logic might rhave been good, even if hisfacts were wrong. but, as it was, his' arguments destroyed each other. The" trirth was, hte had a desperate cao'se, and like other advocates min the same position, he was driven to' desperate measures and did his hearers and himself in justice. Bt if we have a farr share of capable men in the present Councnl, we might espect to hale a larger number in one elected undei a new constitution. When membrs' come to be chlosen by ballot and the quealifi cation is lowered, and possibly the area of electoral districts enlarged, .we may espece to' have a Council in which the least'competent men will bae equal to those whose are now the most com petent. It may be found expedient though not perhaps n.cessarye-to have p'id members. This would give a larger choice still and prove the best economy.. There is no dearer work than that which. is done for nothing. A lawyers advice, if it is not paid for, is not worth having-a physician without.theinspiring guinea idn' his palm cannot advise even for himself--and-however great a public ruman's patriotiams-he never does his work so well as when politis are his living and he is paid for what he earns. But, even without paid mdembers, th,, choice of men will be very mach larger and the best men. very much. more itkely to be elected urder a new, con stitution then under the present. 'In deed one of the great disadvantages of the present system is that tire man ner of onmductitig the votming' and the 'qualification of membezs is such as to, confine the choice'of the electors to a few influential men who may be byno means the best men to be had. It has to be added.that for the future S-if we do not pass on to Responsible Government--wo must expect to have either no representatives at all or men of a stamp far below those whom we are fortunate' enough to have now. Good men will not continue to neglect their busines and waste their time in a Legislature where they feel. they have no chance of doing any good and-as more than one of them has already dignified-they will 'retire. As the constiituencied will be as'disinclined to elect members to a mimic 'parliament, as men of position and abihlty will be to sit in it, any one who is ambitious to write after his name the letters M.L.C. and can get half a.dozen friends to go to the poll for him will be elected. We may have men cap able' of administering the affairs of the country or we may not have them, but if we do not soon have a different form of Government from the present. they will decline to serve us even if they are to be fofnd. AN aiplication has been made to the Council by the Rockiogham 'iimber 'Company to assist it in bringing over a hundred sad twenty Chinese Coolies to be employed on its own works. It may be in the recollection of our readers that some time ago, a sum of a thotsaud pounds was voted by the Conel to assist in the introduction under certain circumstances of this 'kind of labor,;and that the adminis tration of the grant was placed in the hands of a commrnittee. Out of thesum so set apart it appears the Committee have only at present been called uion to spend four hundred pounds. Mr. WAtotss, on behalf of the Company for whom he is manager, has now ap plied for assistance in introducing Chinese labor out of the remaining six nundred. He applied in the firste instance to the Committee, but from special features in the case, it waos thought that he had better apply to the CounciL The propo-al seems ex ceedingly fair-so fair, that it would be difficult to.make any objection to it. The Company engages, if the Govern ment will assist :hem with the whole dr a part of the remaining six hundred pounds at the disposal of the'Com mitte, to repay the advance in the course of a year and to enter into any engagemenfs that may be required for thewages and maintenance of the Coolies for five years and for their re- shipment to China at the end of that term. Mr. M.atttolt, who had charge of the application, said that though he had on a former occasion expressed himself as averse to the in troduction of Coolie labor for general purposes, be had not the same objec tion to its introduction when it was to be massed in one spot and used for a special purpose under proper super vision8 Mr. PADunaR who had been one ofthe Committee for the adminis tration of the. grant of a thousand pounds supported the application, as alsodid Mr. 8TatEs and Mr. BAueiR. It was, however, oppoed by Mr. BIctLEY on the grol-d that tHe grant was not meant to assist employers in the position of the IRolbihgham Timber Company, which was; he said:, a wealthy Cbmpany; composed;. almost entirely of rich men,. and perfectly able,. if Coolie labour was oft such great importance, to provi.le for it out of itsown funds. He further opposed it on the ground that it would fortm a precedent and that,. if the Councoil as. sisted the Rockinghbam' Company,- it might also'have to assist the' Balarat .and other Companies. The' reply was that, if other Companies afforded: as good terms, there was no'reasoi: why they should not be assistedin the same way, and again that the Council was not bound by precedents, bntl could admit or refuse to admit' an applica tion, as'it thought fit. Now undou6tedly the proposall of the Timber Company-supposing it to be in prosperous cirrcumsitances-as Mr. Blcierxr admits it to be-and in no danger of failing--is, as e mome tary transaction,. ubj~ectionable. To accede to it promises to cost absulutely nothing, while it will give an accession of labour to the Colony, which will not only enable the Company 'or wheoa it is obtained to carry on their very im portant works, ?ut will have tihe effect of releasing European labour which is wanted elsewhere: B~ut it certainly seems a most estraordinary application from a wealthy Obmpany. ltere is a Company employhig some hundreds of menur .doing a l~rger business and anticipating--nay- realizing ample profits-amd yet it applies to Govern inent for assistance to the amout of not more than six hundred pounds towards'aun importatiom of lhbourers, which must cost th~osands What. can possibly be the object of eir hun. dred pounds to the Rockingham Tim ber Company Why borrow money from the Government, instead of tak ing it out of the ample funds under its own control ? Go.,vernments' are not such pleasant customers to'deal with there is a great deal of troulble to be taken and a great deal of annoyance to be put up with in all case"s-and to a Company with a large capital one would have thoughtthat sir hundred pounds was not worth the trouble of borrowin, X'et, it appears that we are mistaken. We carrt. only suppose that the Company has some object in applying'to Governmenut other than meets the eye, It may be really wan ting, not so mtch the Government money, as th'e ptiblic' recognition of its proposed importat.on of Coolies by the Government of the country, into which they are to be imported. This may have the effect of so far facilita ting its eilorts in obtaining l:abourers, anonogst the Chinese, that it may be worth the annoyance entailed in bor rowing so' small a sum of mroney But, why not say so ? For the plZeasre of shewing'an experienced and shrewd offcial, like Mr. Bsotva', that he does not know everything' and decoying him into a grave 'emonmmstrance ? or why? W'e confess we canmiot tndler stand it. We can monly see the plain facts on the surface-mnamely-that it is a very small aunI of money for a wealthy C(ompaty to borrow from a Government and that with security for its repayment within a .year there can be no possihble objection to money, which haa been set aside for purposes of the kind and which is lying idle, being put to so good a use, We observe that the Company in its application to the Government engages to return the Goolies to their own country after the termination of five years. This is, of course only what is right. But we think that it should be at the option of the CGoolies to remain in the colony, if they so choose. Many of them may wish at the end of their engagoment with the Company to settle in the country. We think therefore that it would be a pity, if the conditions of the agreement between the Government and the Company weresuch as to throw difficulties in the way of their staying. There is every probability of our being for some time to come, short of hands-not merely for the settlement of the couln try,' but for enabling us to profitably extend existing operations. The Manager of the Company apply ing for these Coolies hnls stated that unless he can command labour of a more-reliable character, than that which eaxise at present, the works will have to be abandoned, Thirty men are off perhape drinking, and eighty more kept idle by the thirty being away-and so it goes on. It is the same everywhere, Tne demand for labour is greater than the supply men can get employment or do with out it, 'just as it suite them-and they do as they like. The presence in the colony of a few hundred or even a few thousand sober steady going Chinese, might therefore be far from undesir able. We can make nothing of the blaches-=-the whites do as they please with us--it might not be amiss to try "yellow." T't Secretary for the Colonies in his dispatch to Governor Romnson oRalls Mr. Waxo to task in a way which is intended to be most humiliating, and which seems tc uas most unfair. He saysve "as only a year previously Mr. WELb.. .,did not consider the colony fit for Responsible Government. . .it is with aurpriae and regret that I now learn that...the Governor has ptb lickly pledged himself to urge that this most serious change shall be im mediately made." This is intended as a charge of the grossest inconsis tency-an inconsistency which to Lord CakrsuRvor seems unaccountable and deserving the severest reprehension: But Mr. WarLD's sudden action in re gard to the Constitution Bill can Ie easily accounted for, and is by. no means without precedent. Ayear pre viously Mr. WEnn had felt just as Lord CaBNanvoN himself now feels. lie saw many difficulties in the way of the immediate adoption of Respon sible Government, and had not yet learnt that in spite of these difficulties it was a social and political necessity. Just as Sir Robert PEEL stood out against the abolition of the corn laws -so Mr. WxrrE pronounced against the introduction of 'eaponsible Go. verament, It was not till he had tried his preparatory system and found that it was worse than useless unless It were fur:her,, and, that a. Responsible form of. GOxernment could not be put off' any longer,- that he gave way. .And t'.eni-fast as- Sir Robert PaBL. when he-sawthat, in spite of all the ar iguments being on the other side,. the corn, laws mustbe swept away, turned round at once and reversed his-position in a day-so Mr. WELD, wheni he had seen, that Responsible Governmerit must come, saw that it had best come at once: So far from. Mr. WELDIs action in, the matter deserving the tauit of inconsistency, it was the one masturly act of his administration,- and We can not but extremely regret that Lord OARNA.T?rO- should! be either so far unacquaitinted with the political' neces sities of statesmaen as-not to view Mr. WELDs- last acf in this colony in its true light,. or to animadvert on his-con duct after his departure. The position in which the Home Government has placed the Colonial Secretary is- equally humiliating apd equially undileserved. That both MIr. Wart' and Mr. BA'RL?s saw all the difficulties that could be seen in Db?wing Street, arid were far betteriudlges o. the situation than oun living at a distance,- and to- whom a just conception, of a colony lik.e that of West Auttralia was ai, impossibility, would, we should have thought, have been, as apparent to Lord COawR aoRV as to, every one else. For the Colonial, Secretary to be simply given to understand thra he must withdraw his measure not as needing amendinent but as evidently uneallcd for-and- to be told so before the le gislature- in which a few months be fore he had introdu ed. the Bill as a Governumeut measure--is most humili ating,-and' we must say that we exceed ingly regret that the fIom 3 Government should have treated a faithful savant ,with so little consideration. However sharply we ourselves may have at tacked Mr. Barlee and likely enough as we are to attack him again, he has in this his most undeserved humilia tion our honest sympathy, as an ill used meritorious public servant of the Urown and the colony. THE Governmsnat azefr of Tuesday last, notiffes that the Central Board of Edu cation has been pleased to appuint Mr, N. Howell, the well known barrister, Perth-a me'mb' r of the Perth District Board of lEdu: cation'. U(rox0ET.-A match' was played at Fremant e! on Prid y' the 1 2h,. between the Metropolitan and Port Eevens, the latter being defeated..- The play on both sides was below the average.. The score is un avoidably shut out. '"Hs EXCELLENC' left Perth yester day eveningroverland for Albany, for the purpose of bringing up Mrs, Robinson, whose delicate state of Isalth, would not permit her to accompany His Excellency by the ' G-orgette;" on their arrival at Albany last month. ON TuesRda 23t.lh inst, His Excel lency acc'impanied' by his Private Secretary ndi aide de ramp, made an insprction of the Cunvict Prison. His Exeelletcy made close enquiry into the. disciplinary arralig. ments anil tested the nature of the punishment of the refractory cells by causing' himsie'lf to be shut up in one for a short time. 'TaI petition of Mr. ~. S. Parker against the returt of Mr. J. H. Monger' on the grounds of corruption ani bribery at the last general ele!tion, will come on for hearing in the Sepreme Court, on the 17tl inst. Mr. Parker anl Mr. S. Burt are en. uaged for the petitioner, and the Attorney Genersa and Mr. Howell for Mr. Monger. A D)?1rTA~ oN consisting of Messrs. R. Hammersley, M.L.C., S R. Hammersley, M.L.O. J. M. Dempster ; B. D Clarkoon, W. J Clifton, Lionl Lukin and the Rev. W. H. Pidcock, xaited upon His Eti e'en cy at Government House, on the 26th inst., and presented an address of welcome on behalf of the inhabitants of the Toodyay district. AMATE1R THEATRICALS.-We ob serie by an advertisement in another column that some members of the Perth Catholic Young Men's Society intend giving a per formance, in the Odi Fellows' Hall, Fre mantle, ot the evening of the 9th instant. Such a performance will be a .novelty and as the:little company is known to: possess considerable ability,- they may anticipate a good house. COURAGOB AND PRUFRENOE OF MIND. It is reported that Mrs. Cornish of IUandulup, a short time since, on- entering a room in the dark, set her foot upon something which she concluded to be a snake. With rare presence of mini, she kept her foot firmly presser doon; and cal'ed for a light. The reptile writhed beneath her foot, and coiled itself round her leg-but the lady never flinched, and when the light was obtained, it was fonnd that she had placed her foot upon the head of a large snake. 'Ihe beast was quickly despatched. GooD TEMPL&AR.-On; Monday even ing last, the following officers of the " Rose of. Perth Lod-e, 1o. 3," for the ensuing term were installed by Bro S. M. Stout, D.R.W.G.T.-W.CoT. Bro. P. Davey; W.V.T. Bro. T. Walsh l W.R.S., L.D. Bro. Stout; W.F.S. Bro. C. Barry: W.T. Bro. J. nowd'n ; W.0 Bro. E. G. Salt; W.M. Bro. Fox; W.I.G. Bro. WodsR; W.O G. Bro. Gee. Smith I W.A.S. Bro J. McGinn; W.D.M. Sis. M. Watkins; W. Right and Left Supporters, Sisters McGinn and Welsh ON Tuesday afternoon last His Ex cellency the Governor, accompanied by his Private Secretary, his Aide de Camp, and Deputy Commissary Skinner, visited and inspected the Pensioners' Barracks, Perth. His EXcellency was recei-ed by the Hon. the Commandant, who after a review of the Pensioners of the Enrolled Force under the command of Capt. Burke, kindly adaressed a few words of encouragementtothemassur ingthem that he would oo his best topromote the interests of themselves and their fami lies. He had been pleased to receive a good report of them from his predecessor 'Gover nor Weld, and he saw from the many decora tions they wore upon their breasts that they had also done good service in other parts of Her Majesty's dominions. His Excellency afterwards, accompanied by Dr. Johnson, visited the Milittry Hospital, antl expressed limself highly pleased. He then took a turn into the Barrackschool, under thocharge of Mr, Stout, Where he appe.red to take great interest in the little ones; examining their writing, and hearing them read. He has kindly marked the occasion of his visit ,,y sending the children a present of fruit from Government House. His Excellency then inspected the various out-buildings, and finally visited the quarters of the Pensioners and their families, evincing, throughout his visit, an interest which appeared something more than mere formality. Cuaotrs inscriptions on tombs: Under this sad And under these trees, Lieth thebod -y of Solomon Pease; He is not here. But only his pod He has shelled out his soul And gone up to his God. Another erected over a smuggler killed by excisemen, runs Here I lies Killed by X 1 1. Another over a child is a mixture of the sad and the ludicrous. She was not smart, she was not fair, But many hearts for her are swelling All empty stands hrr litt!. chair She died of eating water melon. 