News of the Arctic Expedition. BY the arrival of the Valorous at Plymouth, on the 29th August, the Wastern Morning News has received the following letter from the correspondent on board the Discovery:— It is June 21, and we are still between 300 and 400 miles from Cape Farewell. Up to the present time, excepting the fair wind which cleared us of the Channel and all its dangero, we have experienced head winds and hard galea. No light summer breezes to waft us across the Atlantic ! _No ; we started to invade the most sacred territory of Nature, and instead of remain* ing quietly at home till we had arrived at the threshold of her jealously-guarded domain, she has met and opposed us from the very start with some pretty strong head winds and a gale or two ; but still we have got on little by little, and shall even now, I hope, reach Disco by the Ist of July, which is the date we wish to arrive there—that is, no later than that date; and I only hope that these same winds that have been doing so much to stop our advance, may be blowing with equal strength in Smith's Sound and Melville Bay, and then, far from doing us any harm, they will be doing us the utmost good. There is nothing that could help us more, or which we should have more wished for. We left Bantry Bay on Wednesday, June 2, about 11 a.m. The Valorous was waiting for us just outside, and having joined her, we all pro ceeded together under sail, the wind, what there was of it, being fair. By the morning it waa quite calm, so steam was got up, but soon after a breeze springing up again, we made sail. The poor old Valorous could hardly keep up with us, even by using steam (slow speed) in addition to her sail. We had to keep under such easy sail that we rolled a great deal more than there was any need for. At last, on the evening of Saturday, sth, the Valorous was informed by signal that for the present we would relieve ourselves of her company, but that she was to be at Disco by July 1. We accordingly ran on, and soon lost sight of her. However, we saw her again in the distance for one or two days after, as the wind* were light and variable, and she used steam. By Wednesday, the 9th, we had reduced the distance to Cape Farewell from 1259 miles, which is, I think, about the dis tance frone Bantry Bay, to 800 miles, but on Wed nesday a foul wind set in after our first strong one ; and by Saturday, 12th, we had brought the distance up to 832 miles, having been driven to the southward. On Sunday, at noon, we were 778 miles off, having made on our course twenty-two miles in four days. There was too muoh wind and sea all that time for us to use ■team, let alone the waste of ooaL On Sunday, 18th, our first real gale commenced, at about one a»m. The wind came from the westward, blow ing pretty fresh up till seven a.m., when it very suddenly increased, and continued doing so until about eleven p.m., when it blew its hardest. There was a very rapid fall of the barometer as we stood to the northward, the'fall increasing in rapidity as we approached the centre of the storm; for by the rapidly falling ba rometer, the confused state of the sea, the heavy and violent squalls,- 4c, we knew we were in a circular storm. This warned us to get on the other tack, as it is not desirable to get into the centre of a circular storm. So at about half- past ten p.m. we wore ; the wind shifted as we did so about five points. We now stood away to the westward. The barometer commenced rising almost immediately, but the wind did not go down much till Tues day morning, and by the evening it was calm. From the 13th till the 27th we had a succession bt hard head winds, with short intervals of calm, during which intervals we steamed. The ship was pretty wet, taking in a great deal of water, of which, to our great disgust, a large amount found its way below. On the 27th we came upon our first ice, heavy pack, along which we skirted, sometimes getting into it, until the Ist July, on which day we saw the last of the floe and pack ioe on this side of Disco. During this time we had seen only a few bergs, and those not at all large ones. July 2nd, 3rd, and 4th, were three lovely days. We were steering to the north, along the land about thirty or forty miles off. The coast line consists of a rugged mountain chain running north and south, the tops and sides pf which were covered with snow in many places, but whether unusually so or not we cannot telL The coast line was broken with numerous inlets and deep fiords running far inland, the sea was beauti fully blue and quite calm, and the sun shining brightly, made the mountain sides and tops glisten and sparkle like diamonds, which a few dark, anowless patches helped to show out all the more brilliantly. Hero and there a few icebergs out at sea broke the uniformity of horizon in that direction. In fact, except that the air was rather too cold, it was easy to imagine oneself in the Mediterranean. As we approached the island of Disco, icebergs became much more numerous, and we saw some very large ones, but still, especially in height, nothing to what I expect we shall see. On Sunday, 4th, in the evening, we crossed the Arctic Circle, and on Monday the sun was shining brightly all night. It seems very odd going to bed in the bright sunlight. On Tuesday, the 6th, we arrived and anchored at Oodhaven, Dwco, where we found the Valorous. She got in on Sunday, thanks to her power of steam, in spite of our calling her dummy, Ac., at first. She came through some ice, but not so mnch as we did, having kept more to the westward. She has 250 tons of coal left, and between us we shall take from her something like 120« or 130 tons, so I expect they will have to go to a place on the mainland called Riten banks, just opposite Disco, and dig for coal, which will be a long, disagreeable job, as the ground must still be very hard from the frost, and the coal is so bad that the Danish Govern ment Bends out every year the coal required for the Mttbmsat*. Howvrsr, as long a« they get enough to dear them of the ioe on the way to Cape Farewell, and for the sounding and- dredging they have to do on their way home, it will do, as they can sail the reat of the time. On Sunday, the 11th, I record that we have been hard at work ever aince our arrival at Disco getting ia coal and stores from the Valorous, and taking obser-' vationa of all descriptions on shore, the naturalists making excursions after flowers, kc There are a good many different kinds of plant* and flowers growing on the sides of the moun tains, but not in any very great abundance. There, are, except dogs, no animals on this island, and not many birds ; some ducks have been shot (eider), but not many. There are a few cod to be caught in the harbor, and some salmon trout in the rivers, but not many of either ; still, they are very acceptable in supple menting our other provisions. There was a little excitement about some " meteorites " the other day. A place near here in " Disco Fjord," called " Ofivak " is celebrated for them, though there are none now, a Swedish Professor having carried them all off a few years ago. Well, some Esquimaux came in and said that while near there, fishing or something, a a day or so before, they had seen some "meteo- rites " fall and marked the spot. A party was sent off at once—on the evening of the 9th—to try and find them, and see if it was pos- sible to bring them to the ship; the next morning the steam pinnace of the Valorous also went to look for them. The expedition returned last night without having seen the ghost of a "meteorite," though the Esquimaux pointed out the exact spot where he had seen it. It must either have returned to the skies again or been washed into the sea, or existed only in the imagination of the native. This is not a very magnificent settlement, only consisting of about twelve or fifteen huts and houses, with a population just under 100\. The inspector of the whole of the Danish possessions iv Greenland lives here. He ia a great swell, of course, and is generally a military man. Hia pay is £600 per annum, and he has to remain out here for eight years. I do not envy him. Then there is a governor of the place who is not nearly so big a man. Every Danish settlement lias a blacksmith and a cooper, Danes, attached to it, who have, I believe, to sign regu lar articles before leaving Denmark to remain put here for a certain time. The woman's dress is picturesque to look at. They wear colored boots, red or yellow, of dressed skin, which reach to the knee. Then white trousers, and a colored jacket fitting tight round the neck, and coming Just below the top of the trousers. Sealskin jacket and trousers are worn over these in cold weather, with the hair outside. The jacket has a hood in it for carrying the babies. They all of them look just like Chinese about the eyes and face. I don't think they use much water exoept for drinking. The Valorous, it appears, is not going for coal to the same Ritenbank as we go to for our dogs; the one we go to is on a small island just off the mainland of Greenland and opposite to this place, while the one she goes to for coal is on the north-east of this island of Disco. We have heard very favorable accounts of the mildness of the past winter from the inspector. They keep a register of the weather in Green land, which gives the temperature, Ac, and this past winter it has been, fcr the winter months, some eight or nine degrees higher than for a number of years past. Also, from all acoounte, ever since 1852 the winters have been becoming milder. The spring this year was, however, late and severe. We all leave here to-morrow (Thursday, 16th), and the Valorous will accompany us to our Ritonbank ; so we shall have another day or so for writing. I think we are going to Bhip an Esquimaux on board each ship, perhaps two, to look after the dogs and make themselves generally useful. After leaving Ritenbank, we shall go north, through the Waigattet Channel—between Disco and the West Coast of Greenland—looking in at yper nivik, where we may leave letters, and then across Melville Bay, up Smith Sound, and so on. We shall leave eight depots of provisions between the Carey Islands and 82° N. latitude, to fall back upon, in the event of our having finally to abandon our ships ; but I hope we shall bring back one anyhow. To-day (July 16) we arrived and anchored at Ritenbank at 11 a.m., and we leave at 6 a.m. to morrow morning, just giving ourselves time to get the dogs and take a few observations. Our letters go to-night by the Valoious ; bo I must conclude now. We had a very quiet trip across here, and I think we shall find the towing to be economical, but it has not had a fair trial yet. To reach this place we had to cross the month of the Waigattet, up which we go to-morrow. It was pretty to look at ; a long, narrow, wind ing-channel—it is about eight miles broad and eighty long—running up between rugged moun tains, enow-crowned, but the sides of which w«re dark and steep, with a few patches of green and snow. The water was a most beautiful blue, and was dotted all over with quantities of icebergs of all sizes, through which to-morrow we shall have to wind in and out on our way to the north. This is a settlement of about the same size as Godhaven, situate on a small island just off the land, and between which and the land is a narrow deep channel, up which we came and anchored in a small fjord just to the northward of the settlement, and running a short distance into the main land ; the water very deep close to the shore. Since our arrival in the Arctic regions every thing has been most favorable ; and if we can only carry this beautiful weather through Mel ville Bay we shall do. We are sending uo in valids home ; in fact, we don't know what sick ness means, and the doctors are able to torn their attention entirely to scientific pursuits. As we go along we correct the charts as much as poßuble, particularly at any place where we anchor, when theodolites and sextants and com passes go aahore at once. The Japanese Commiaeionen to the Mel bourne Exhibition have been visiting Adelaide. Dr. Shaw'r medical report states that the population of Western Australia » 26,000, and that of ito capital 5000. 