. .WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY -8, 1875. His Excellency, Sir HEUOUHES ^ROBINSON, has terminated, by a most conciliatory mes- sage,-the- controversy-between himself - and the Legislative Assembly on .the subject of the minute which has been'the occasion pf many debates. Those.who listened" to that message, which was 'brought in by the Governor's. aide-de-camp jj ust after tho meet- ing of the Assembly1 yesterday afternoon, and read to the House by the Speaker, must haye been - struck-some .of them. .prabably .were even amazed-at the very mild'tenor of the language in which it was expressed. The Governor, considering that ho wai precluded, by the unusual-mariner in which, the address in reply to his opening speech was presented to him, from answering that address in the usual way, Bays that he ".deems it respectful to the Assembly to do so by message." ; Introducing the Bubjeot with this expression of 'his desire to aot in a manner " respectful ' to the Assembly, and. thanking them for the expression of their loyalty to the Queen, he comes to the ques- tion of **» *-i -a WKUUUC aispuling for a moment the justice of their complaint that he had. laid that, minute, by'advioe , of his " responsible Ministers before the HOUBB -he contents himself with vindicating his undeniable right to enjoy " unre- served freedom of communication with the Executive Council while seeking its advice." Haying this, right, he .cannot .ac- quiesce in the statement that the minute was' " indefensible in certain of its'allegatiqns." For, aa an unreserved' ..'expression ¿f . his views-- to.. ;-:the. r. -iExeoutive Council,; on ? a question about which he sougEt their aTîvice^Tw-Köläs '"thät~it*' was «« entirely justifiable." ^ ; He does not join issue 'with the Assembly .on the point whioh they insisted on-that, the minute ought not to nave been laid before them.' On the con- trary, the. message ends by assuring them that, with the qualification above mentioned,; " he is prepared to accept the deoision of the Assembly ;" that is-evidently, aa the only deoision tho ' Assombly pronounced-that it it is not proper that, suoh a minuta should be laid before ';? Parliament. And this concluding admission, which puts an dnd to all variance between his Excellency, and the Assembly on the subjeot; is accom- panied by . .the ,Tery conciliatory'.assurance that, ."while asserting the constitutional rights .of the office whioh he has the 'honour to hold,' the Governor ..trusts 'he will eyer ' pay .tho fullest respect to those of the repre sentatives of the people." . ' . i IB it ; possible , to suggest terms more friendly, moro . thoroughly -.free : from / all offence, moro studiously adapted ?.tovdisàrm: Ul opposition, more conclusive'in sweeping away tho whole ground of complaint 1 ?. . His Excellency having now, by thia well framed, concession, put an, end to the *,' unexampled difficulty " in which'ho had found . himself placed by the! presentation of 'the address and the resignation of .tho Ministry, the normal relation of mutual con- fidence between himself and the Assembly is restored. He avows his resolution to pay the fallest rcspeot to the- rights of the representatives of tho people ; and they,, on their part, never thought' of ques- tioning the .constitutional rights of tho oiEce which ho holds. What more can bo desired in the relations between these two important political powers ) ? But in the face of ,-thia -very gratifying ex pros8Íon of his Excellency's sentiments towards tho Assembly; the very awkward fact ia brought to light, that the Governor, contrary to all precedent under responsible Government, has, in Booking to obtain a new Administration to occupy tho poBitionof that which has just resigned, avoided all tho mem- bers of the Legislativo, I Assembly, and entrusted the task of forming a Ministry to a gontloman who is not a representativo of tho people,,, "nor., que , who 'possesses' political influence at all equal to the necessity of tho case for a Premier. Tho " unexampled difficulty " of- the Governor was in a groat measure duo to the concurrence of the two question«-how to deal with the acidness as presented to him, and bow to act in ro/er- j enos ¡tp "the. .resignation, of ' the BXuEÉS Ministry« The first question, as wo have seen, is most pleasantly settled, and the ghost of the unfortunate minute) is laid, to trouble the colony no more. Sut before the date of the message whioh so happily disposes of that. question, bis Excellency had. taken action on the other -question, which, gives to his course the appearance, at ali events, of great incon- sistency. '-* On Monday, it appears, Sir HERCULES ROBINSON sent for Sir WM. MANNING, and entrusted him with a task of forming an, Administration. By thus avoiding allj members of the Assembly-the branch of the CLogislature on whose confidence and approval »any Ministry must depend-his Excellency -seemed to show that he still resented their address as amended ana presented co mm. On Tuesday, however, he wrote his inessag«, giving up all 'ground of controversy against the Assembly, <tuid accepting their decision, One - cannot help thinking that, if hil Excellency, liad ,, come to the conclusion to write- this message before he had seni for any ono to form an Administra- tion, lie would not have hesitated about send ing for a member of the Assembly. . Hil message says, in effect, that he has now' nc quarrel with the Houso or with any of itt membero about the minute. And with that happy conclusion in his mind, there was TIC reason why he should not «end for the mem- ber pointed out by thn political circa oj stance* of the crisis as the only person who porüd properly bo called upon to form a new' Ad- ministration. The present difficulty, there- fore, tuny be traced to the unfortunate mw [placement of the two decisions. if bia Excellency had only made up his mind tc ?end the message of yesterday to the Assembly before he selected a gentleman to form the new Ministry, we. may reasonably suppose that all would have gone on smoothly-a« smoothly as the very friendly words of tb« message. AB it is, however, a sew and apparently formidable difficulty remains, and threatens , to delay indefinitely the.'urgent business of. Parliament and , of . the Administration. A . Government holding office only until, their: successors ' are appointed cannot, of course, take : up with'any spirit the work required by the country. The duties of the Legislature aro suspended until the crisis ii over. The gen- tleman to whom the' Governor bas entrustsd the task of forming an Administration, what- ever h's claims on the respect of his fellow citizens, has not the political influence which is indispensable for the fulfilment of the work he has undertaken. Already the decided refusal of three .of, the leading members of . the party -?. who prevailed in the late division, to accept office under his Premiership, Musthave proved, to that honourable gentleman himself, the futility of.his attempt.,,: Nothing but waste of time andi. political disorder.' can result from the prolongation of such attempts.: Every day's discussion on the subject tends to con- firm all parties. in the Assembly in the im- pression that it is a hopeless effort for Sir WILLIAM MAVKIKO to endea- vour to, form , a ..Ministry that can endure. Tho - refusal of the Assembly to adjourn for a week, at . Sir "WILLIAM MAN- NING'S request, ia significant of the estimate that House puts on his chance of sucoess. If he should so far succeed 'as' to induce a safli I ciènt nnmtsivi nf ¿<»n*i¿'«>»»t», ¡ii on» House or the other, to join niau in a Ministry, the new Government would be overthrown within a very short time by the disapproval of the Assembly. And as such a result would / open", a¡; way for the possible return to office ot the PAEKES Administra- tion, there ia. at .least some; colour for the Burmiae, .that the engagement of Sir War. . MANNINO to. undertake the Quixotio task of forming a Government is traceable to á'design-which,.wé''do not ascribe to 'him, or to the Governor, . but of whioh -they are supposed by.' some to be the instruments-a' dedgnto favour'the speedy ji-etnrri;, ío: office of the defeated Administration. -'., ' - : - - I 