THE LATE MEETING- AT BALLARAT. The lovers of tho leash in the erstwhile golden city of Ballarat, and the surrounding district, are to he strongly commended for tho dogged pertinacity with which they pursue the snort of coursing in the face of so many counteracting in fluences. At the outset the .clerk of the weather actedin a very contrary manner towards them, and almost annihilated the inaugural meeting of the club. Ascot will be long known for the heavy and continuous downpour of rain, which drenched to the skin both man and dog, and drove puss to seek Bhelter out of reach of her canine enemies. The next meet, at Trawalla, was attended with fiercely hot weather, which baked the ground as hard as a brick, and rendered conning almost a matter of impossibility. In fact, every effort of the club has hitherto been seriously thwarted by lad weather, and by what is still worse, a scarcity of fur. To make amends for his past 'suHenneES, the clerk of tho weather, or whoever presides over these matters, despatched Jupiter Flavins to some distant part of the country, and gave special instructions to old Sol to preside in all bis glory over the next meeting of the Bal larat Club. There could not have been more . >- ; - - - . - .- i - ; - -/ suitable weather; fine, clear, frosty mornings, with a genial sunshine during- the day,- being' the character of the four days; hut fine weather alone is not sufficient' to bring off a meeting successfully. It requires the presence of Miss Puss to make sport, hut, owing to several circumstances, this was denied. There is no finer coursing country in be world than on the estate of Mr. Morton, who so generously gave up his immense paddocks for the use of the club. There was an absence of that stony gronnd which is characteristic of Sun- bury, and hard on the feet of the grey- hounds. The ploughed fields, on which the yonng crops are just beginning to make them selves visible, are well calculated to test the condition of the dogs, and the man who brings his animal to the post fit and well has more advantage than he would have elsewhere. A hare started in the middle of one of these paddocks, especially if there is a rise in it, makes up hill for the nearest piece of unmade gronnd. The dogs press her hard, if they are good ones, while among the cultivation, hat when once on the hard ground or metal, for puss likes the high road, her pursuers, if their condition is not pink, have not a ghost of a show with her. True coursing country is that which teBts tho pluck and stamina of the grey hound as well as the pace. Therefore I hold that the country about Mounts Blowhard and Hollowback is more suitable than any I have yet seen here for public trials, and the only regret I have to make is that the Ballarat Club is not rich enough to preserve Mr. Morton's fine estate ; and regarding the worthy land proprietor him self, it is rumored that he has three or four pri- . vate coursing parties a month over the very ground : on wHich he invited the club to seek game. If this be true I don't wonder at a thirty- two dog stake taking four days to run off. In fact, it is a matter of surprise it -did not take a week. If Mr. Morton has a sincere desire to assist -the noble sport, and the Ballarat Coursing Club in particular, in all courtesy he should give those parts of his estate over which the trialB are to take place at least six weeks' rest. To invite the club to come and course over pad docks which he himself has scoured with his dogs a week previously savors of discourtesy ; but as Mr. Morton is so good a fellow, I must attri bute such ill-advised action to thoughtlessness. Of course this hospitable shepherd-king can do as he pleases with his own gronnd, bat I am sure he wants but the hint to lend his entire assistance to- making the meetings of the Balr larat Conrsing Club the moBt attractive in the colonies. The country is, as Mr. David Jones, who has recently seen the best conrsing fields in England, remarked, the finest in the world ; and all it requires to make matters go-a- head is the protection of the hare. One of the most attrac tive features of the country is its beautiful scenery. The view afforded from Blowhard— a name that cannot be well understood until its summit is reached on foot— is exquisitely grand. Stretching for miles away can be Been the gentle undulations of the finest agricultural country in Victoria. On the hill sides the immense black square patches recently turned up by the plough, with their neighboring areas of greon fields, on which the sheep are -lazily feeding, form a very pretty sight, and even amidsfrthe excitement of the sport cannot fail to - arrest the attention for a few moments. Away in the distance is Lake Learmonth, a charmiDg sheet of water, with its cosy little township at tho water's edge, and further still is its larger sister Burrumbeet. To the east Creswick, with its scattered houses, and its unmistakable goldfield appearance, is plainly discernible in the clear, pnre atmosphere; in fact, thougli some ten miles away, it looks but at one's feet. But. to see thiB favored part of Victoria in all its glory, a visit in the' spring of the year, when nature is all smiles, would well > repay any lover of scenery the trouble of a journey thither. But in my admiration of the country I am neglecting the sport. Notwith standing the scarcity of fur, tbe coursing was extremely good, the trials being well contested, and severe enough to satisfy the most exacting. The two dogs that divided, Sally and Miss Watson, showed splendid form throughout the meeting. Miss Watson, in particular, mooting with very tough opponents in Greased Lightning. Bismarck and Mabel. She never had an easy trial, and for so 6moll a greyhound she proved' herself a wonder. That most beantifnl little creature, Sally, proved herself the game little animal that I pronounced her after her unlucky running at the last Trawalla meeting. She possesses great pace, with wonderful cleverness in working her hare, which she scarcely ever quits when once she gets in possession. Mr. David Jones, who purchased her from Mr. Sievewright, has secured in her one of the smartest greyhounds in the colony, and, if Bhe goes for Waterloo, and I believe she will, the best of them will have to look to their laurels. Her victory must be a source of great gratification to Mr. Haydon, as she is by that now defunct bnt much abused sire, Fell Mell, out of - Romp. Miss Watson is by Cumloden out of Miss Heller, and it' is rather strange that the sires of these dogs both com peted in the first Waterloo meeting. Among those worthy of mention is Greased Lightning, who it was said had been hunting kangaroo for tho past Bix months. He ran like a demon, and took more trouble to heat than any dog I have seen 'out this season. With plenty of pace and working power, he made puss have no easy time of it. and I believe bad he not been n lif.f.ln inn eager in driving at the baie in the early part of his trials ho would have been either the winner or runner-up. Colleen Bawn is a very taking-, ieoking dog, but her position iB due as much to good fortune as to any surpassing qualities she showed in her trials. She met no opponent worth mentioning until Sally met her, and then she had the easiest bye on record. Handel, who had been drawn in favor o&Sally;, showed him self to bq a real clinhor, arid as he is yet bnt a baby, Ipredicb for him a better day, .-Nowfor a word about the stewards. Firsts of all,1 Mr. Johnson, as judge, did not give the ' satisfaction usually attending his decisions, but Dick Banner did vory well, Mr. Frank Gardiner proffered his services as commander of the field, and, I must say, though ho swore "a few" at times at his ragged crew, he managed them remarkably well, for they were the laziest lot of beaters I ever saw, ana used their flag poles to lean upon whenever tbe eagle eye of the English judg9 was off them. The only thing to stir them was the entreating tone usually used towards a lazy bullock team, and amongst other colonial habits, Mr, Gardiner has rapidly picked this up. Where was the genial John Pearson 1 I missed him very much. And the smiling secretary, Mr, E. O. Moore, whose rich Dublin brogue I am quite enamored of. Where was he? I saw him on the steeps of Hollowback once, and I think sub sequently, in a buggy with a three-cornered horse discussing, the gigantio leg of a turkey. HiB proper place is in the front. - Mr. Brazenor, among the stewards, was the only man who did any real work, and it muBt he confessed for sheer enthusiasm in the sport I never saw his equal. A word for all, here there and everywhere, with out the slightest sign of fatigue from the time the first pair of dogs were slipped until the last trial, ho worked like a nigger. Everything passed off very pleasantly, and, despite the apparent dulness in the golden city, tho last meeting' of the Ballarat Coursing Club is a ; ' distinct. asseveration that "there's life in the olj place yet." . " 