FICTION. (FromEnglish, American, and other Periodicals.) THE MIDNIGHT MURDER; A STORY OF CIRCUMSTAJTCIAL EVIDENCE. BY MARY GRACE HALPINE. Chapter I. A terrible crime. It was a cold, dark December morning, and an exoited crowd thronged the doors and steps of Robert Burnham's warehouse, their counte- nances pale with horror and affright. A slight, girlish form suddenly made its ap- pearance on tbe outer verge of it, and to whioh the crowd involuntarily gave way. For a moment she looked around with a be- wildered and frightened air, and then peroeiving a familiar faoe among the group, on the top of the steps, asoended them. " Mr. Heidberg, do you know where father is ? He didn't come home at all last night. I never knew him to do so before, without sending word why he was detained." The man addressed shrank from those uplifted eyes as if from a blow. '. I-I really can't tell yon, Miss Burnham," he stammerei. " I will inquire." " Please don't go in," he added, laying a de- taining hand on her arm, as she made a motion to pass along. " Tour brother is here ; I will speak to him, and he will come out to yon." The young girl drew her mantle more closely aronnd her, shiveriog, though more with a vague feeling of terror than cold. .'" As she stood there, two men came out of the atore, arm-in-arm " Yes, he's (luite dead," said one of them. " I should Bay that he had been dead several hours." Every vestige of color fled from her face, whose strained ears caught these words. " Who is dead ?" she cried, turning round, and confronting them. The men drew baok, regarding her with a look of painful interest and pity. "It's his daughter, poor thing!" remarked one to the other, in a whisper, but whioh was distinctly audible to her to whom it alluded, Unable to endure this suspense any longer, Estelle Burnham pushed through the crowd that bloeked np the passage that led to her father's private office. Her brother met her at the threshold. "Calvin 1 Oh! what bas happened? and why are all these people here !" Calvin seized her almost roughly by the arm. " Why are you here, Estelle ? This is no place for you !" Then perceiving a man struggling through the crowd to ber side, he added : " Mr. Earl, please take my sister horne, and explain to her the nature of this terrible affair." As Calvin Burnham returned to his former place, the crowd at the open door gave way, and Estelle caught a glimpse of a pale, ghastly face, and grey locks dabbled with blood. Uttering a sharp cry, the horrified daughter threw np her hands, and then fell back into the arms that were open to receive her. Carrying her into an adjoining room, the man strove, for some time uoavailingly, to restore her to consciousness. But, at last, he was rewarded by a faint color ooming baok to the white lips. Tben the eyes opened. " Oh, Arthur, what was it that I saw? Oh, tell me that it was some horrible dream !" Arthur drew the shuddering form closely to his bosom. " My poor, dear love ! what can I say ? If I conld only bear it for you !" Heidberg had followed, standing at a little distance, quite unobserved by either. He now apolft,. " Gan. I be of any as'istance, Mr. Earl ?" Arthur raised his head ; a complete revulsion ooming over him sb his eye rested on the face of the speaker. " No-yes get a oarriage.'' Heidberg was standing by the door when Arthur passed oat with the sobbing girl on his arm. The eyes of the two men met; a dark, inexplicable look passing between them. It seemed as if eaoh were trying to look down into the soul of the other ; meeting something that baffled them. ~) She takes it hard," remarked a bystander. ; " And no wonder ; he was a kind father and a'-good man. He was liberal and publio-Bpritcd, too, and will be greatly missed from among ns " " True ; but his mantle has fallen upon shoulders. It is not generally known, . Burnham's liberality, during the latter ¡nu y vi his life, was owing mainly to the in- fluence of his son Calvin " " I can easily believe that. Ho is a most excellent young man; joined the Church »hen only thirteen, and has been a consistent mem- ber thereof ever since." The person alluded to now came ont of tbe ?tore, bowing courteously, but gravely, to tbe many familiar faces aronnd him, and which were io expressive of sadness and sympathy. worthy buyir as ne descended the steps, a sleek, smoothly shaven man stepped forward grasping him warmly by the hand. "The Lord loves whom He obastens,Brother.. Burnham.- ' I trust that you are able to feel that even this terrible event will redound to your good and His glory ?" " I know that it will be so, eke it had not happened " " The Lord be praised ! Your father was a good man, and yon have the consolation of know- ing that he has exchanged a world of trouble for one of infinite happiness." " My father was a firm believer ; man's good- ness is of but little account in the sight of God. The vilest malefactor that has faith is justified, and has a good chance of entering heaven as he. It is not a sin, bat unbelief, that kills the soul." " ' He that believeth shall be saved ; he that belie ve th not shall be damned.' Ah, what a consoling and inspiring faith that is !" And with another warm pressure of the hand, the two separated. Every one had been expelled from the build- ing, and two officers were stationed at the door, to prevent any further intrusion; but still the people thronged about it, eager to obtain some new item respecting the terrible tragedy that had thrilled with horror every heart in their midst; or, at least, to gaze npon the place where it ocourred. The officers'walked slowly baok ward and for- ward, conversing in a low tone, when Heidberg carne/out to put up the shutters, all business bein¿ suspended. \- x,ou were in Mr. Burnham's employ ?" asked one of] the officers. Heiberg nodded. '/At what time did yon come this morning ?" r I sleep in the store. ' T Yon do I In what part ?" '^üpitairs, over the coanting-room." " IXshould like to see its exact looation." . Without saying a word, Oeidberg led the way upstairs to a medium-sized, plainly furnished room. walls/ai ifficer examined the thickness of the I floor. " Humph ! And yon knew nothing of the murder.until morning?" "NoX " Heardno cry nor soaffling in the room be- neath ?" 'No." " ion most hare slept eouadly." Ohaffek n. THE ARREST. The next day two men entered unceremo- niously Heidberg's room, one of tbem laying a heavy band on his shoulder. " You are my prisioner." Heidberg turned deadly white. " For what am I arrested ?" " For the murder of Bobert Burnham " As God lives, I had neither knowledge nor band in it I" "Yon will have an opportunity for proving that," said the officer, coldly. " In the mean- time, I moat do my doty." Heidberg's faoe flushed, as he caught a glimpse of the handcuffs and which the officer now produced. " That is unnecessary," he said, drawing back. " I shall make no resistance." " I have no cboioe in the matter." Heidberg held out his hands, without any far- ther remonstrance ; bat a shudder convulsed his frame, as he felt the eold iron against his wriet. " My poor wife !" he groaned, "Jt will kill her!" As the officer snapped the handouffs together, he saw that there were spots of blood upon tha wristband. I Heidberg caught the meaning glanoe that passed between the two men. " I hurt my band yesterday." The officer looked, and found a cut upon the palm of the right hand, together with a bruise on the forefinger. " I will tell you what it is, young man," he said, grimly, "the leastjyon say,* the better it will be for yon !" Twenty thousand dollars, in notes and gold, had been taken from the safe, but though the risoner'B room and olothing were thoroughly i searehed, no trace of them conld be found, with the exception of several gold pieces, with dark red stains npon them, as if handled by gory fingers. On being taken before a magistrate, the pri- soner confessed to being absent during the greater part of the night of the murder, being detained by the sudden illness of bia wife. He made the following very extraordinary statement, which, as it was evidently an after- thought, was generally believed to be a fabrica- tion from beginning to end. He said, as he was returning to the store, about three in the morning, he stumbled against a man muffled in a large cloak and slouched bat, and who was coming down the steps. His hat falling off, the light of the gas revealed the face of Arthur Earl. His eyes were wild, and his face ghastly white, and without uttering a word he snatched up his hat, and ran down the street, as though pursued by some invisible terror This attempt to shield himself, by throwing suspicion npon a man universally liked and highly connected, instead of having the effect intended, inoreased the popular feeling of indig- nation against the accused, and, after a prelimi- nary examination, be was fully committed for trial. The prisoner's assertion that be had a wife was generally disbelieved, bat, a few days after bis oommittal, a woman made ber appearance at the jail, who declared herself to be the wife of ?.Caspar Heidberg, and the mother of his ohild, a .beautiful boy, about nine, which she held by the hand. She was very pale, her faoe bearing traces of reoent sickness, as well as of great sorrow. The meeting between her and her husband was very affeoting. Yet when she returned to the room where the jailer's wife was sitting, her countenance wore a serene, almost smiling aspeot. Mrs. Garvín was a kind-hearted woman, and her heart was stirred with compassion, as she looked npon tbe mother and child. " I'm glad te see you bearing up so bravely, ma'am." Mrs. Heidberg smiled gratefully npon the speaker. " I know that my husband is innocent, and that lightens my heart of its burthen. He was with me that terrible night. I shall testify as to this, and, of coarse, it will clear bim." Mr. Garvin was passing through the room, and these words arrested his attention. "Did anyone see him besides yourself?" "No one, but Bernard.'' The man said no more ; he had not the heart to tell her, what he well knew, tbat the court would not receive ber testimony. As the time for the trial approached, the evi- dence against the accused strengthened daily. The knife with which the deed was done was proved to bave been in bis possession only the week before ; there were spots of blood upon his olothing, and gold ooin found about him, bearing the same gory stains as those found npon the floor. The murder was the one topio of conversation ; the papers were fall of it; the men met in stores and at the corners of streets to hear or re- peat the tbonsand-and-one rumors respecting it But, through all this excitement, Helen Heid berg moved as though she had no part or inte- rest in it; her cheek pale, indeed, but her eyes still bright and tearless. Every day, through the three months that preoeded the trial, Bbe passed np the Btreet to the jail, leading her boy by the hand, apparently quite nnoonsoious of the curious crowd that fol- lowed her, her heart intent only upon the lonely prisoner, who was oonnting the slow hours until her return. Heidberg had the nsual privileges accorded to prisoners, even in criminal oases, wben awaiting their trial, and the little room assigned bim was made as neat and comfortable as her skilful and busy hands conld make it. And there she would sit hour after hoar, no word of weariness or impatience escaping her lips at the confinement that she shared so gladly with bim. Neither did she ever allude to any of the discomforts that must have borne heavily upon her. One evening, after staying as late as she was allowed to do, Helen tied on her hat, lifting np to his, lips that wore the same brave and loving smile. " I shall be here early in the morning, dear." " Your presence is like sunshine to my sad beart, Helen. And yet it seen» selfish in me to seek to confine yon so to this dark and oheer Icbs place." For the first time tears sprung to Helen's eyes. " The hours spent here are tbe happiest that I know." Then her husband knew bow desolate mast be the hoars tbat she had been wont to sleep away so peacefully in his arms-knew it by the dull aobe in his own heart, as he threw himself on his narrow and lonely couch Heidberg's heart was tortured by fears in whioh Helen had no share. She felt his present confinement to be a great wrong, that it was a shame for him to be aooused of Bach a. thing; but of his acquittal she seemed to entertain no question. And her husband shrank from under- mining the confidence that gave her so much strength and comfort. If doubts were expressed to her by any other, she had only one reply to make : " My husband is innocent; and God is just !" "In one one week's time, yon will be home again !" Heidberg looked down into the eager eyes that were lifted to his, as if to ask his confirma- tion of this assertion. Ought he not to prepare her for the blow that might come, lest it crush her utterly ? " You seem to be very confident of my acquit- tal, Helen." " Are not you ?" " I cannot help having some fears. The evi- dence against me, thongh circumstantial, is very strong." " But yon are innooent !" " Have yon never heard of persons convicted of orimes of which they were not guilty ?" " I have read of them. Bat such things don't happen now-in this oona try, Caspar." It was hard to meet the piteous entreaty in those eyes, and still go on. "Not often, perhaps. Yet, even in this country, Helen, innocent men have boen con- demned and executed." For the first time, the dreaded vision of the scaffold flitted before her mental view, sending every vestige of color from her faoe. Bursting into tears, she hid her eyes upon his bosom. " Oh ! don't, Caspar ; don't !" Holding her olosely to his heart, Heidberg stroked the hair softly from her temples. " My darling, I did not mean to eay that this was going to be my fate ; I still entertain hopes of acquittai. I only wanted to prepare you a little." " I can never be prepared for that ! Nor will I ever believe it to be possible. God could sever be so cruel, be so unjust !" " God sometimes permits hard things to be done, Helen, which try terribly our faith in His goodness and justice." A hard look oame over the faoe of the wife, strangely oat of keeping with its Boft, youthful outline. "If He permits this, I shall lose faith in His very existence." Her husband turned upon her a sorrowful, almost reproachful, look. " I cannot bear to hear yon talk so, Helen." The resolute lips quivered, and tho bard eyeB softened as they looked into his. " I will not, any more. If you were not so near to my heart, it would not seem bo terrible. But, oh, I love you bo !" " I know it, dear love. I sometimes almost wish that you loved me lees. Yon had many suitors, Helen-have you never regretted that you left a homo of ease and comfort to share the dark fortunes of Caspar Heidberg, now that disgrace has fallen on his name ?" " Never, my husband-never ! I would sooner be your widow, widowed by a thing so horrible," here a Blight shudder convnlsed her frame, " than be tbe wife of any living man !" " You ha^e been a good true wife to me, darliog, through storm and sunshine. Your love has never failed me, nor will it fail me now. For my sake, and for the sake of our j boy, you will bear up bravely to the end ?" I " For your sake, Caspar, and for the sake of I your ohild and mine, I will bear up bravely to the end 1" There was a notioeable change in Helen's look and manner after this. Not that her words betrayed any want of confidence in her husband's acquittal, but her manner lacked that calm certainty of it which had been so often commented npon by those who Baw her; and there was, at times, a restless disquietude io her eyes never before soen there. She had followed her husband's suggestions : securing for his counsel Mr. Pringle, one of the ablest lawyers in the State. She told him all she knew ti at bore npon the case ; answering all his questions, bat asking none in return. Now, all this was changed. She examined the records of the inquest on the murder, I shrinking not from its most revolting details. j She listened eagerly to every oironmstance I tcuohiog the ease, apparently undismayed by I the array of evidence against the prisoner. j Sho held various consultations with Mr. Pringle ; astonishing the old lawyer by the shrewdness with whioh she detected the strong and weak points of the testimony for and against his client-it being totally at varianee with his preeonceived ideas of her oharacter. At the close of one of these, he took oooasion . to caution her against being too sanguine as to the result. "1 shall do all I can for your husband, Mrs. I Heidberg; but you mustsee yourself bow strongly I the evidence bears against bim." ' I The face that was turned toward him was as cold as marble, and almost as expressionless ; but there was a fierce gleam io the steel-blue eyes that sent a sudden shiver to his beart. " I know all that you would say, sir ; but I know, too, thatj if God is just, my husband will not be oondemned and excouted for a crime of which he is not guilty." " A singular woman," muttered the lawyer, as the door closed after bei. " One whose charac- ter will be powerful for good or evil." Then his thoughts reverted to his client. Was he innocent, or guilty ? Wben be looked at the evidence, he was in- clined to the latter belief. But wben in the pre- sence of the man, there was something in his clear eye and steady bearing, especially in the air of candor and sincerity that pervaded all tbat he said, that male him feel that it was impos- sible that be should have committed so dark a deed. Still, he had been a criminal lawyer for many years, and was too much accuBtumed to see gnilt counterfeit innooenoe, to suffer it to influence him when he sat down to a calm consideration of the facts. Nor did he speculate on this from mere curiosity, but beoause the nearer he got to the truth, the better he would be able to disobarge what he considered to be a lawyer's first duty to clear his client at whatever hazards. He had more than once urged upon Heidberg the neoessity of being perfecfly frank with him : eliciting only one reply, that he had told him all. Pringle was aware of the prejudice and opposi- tion to which, the prisoner's acensation against Arthur Earl bad given rise, who belonged to a family not only wealthy and influential, but | which stood high in popular favor and confi- dence. Believing that it would best eerve his olient's interests, he advised him to withdraw this charge ; bat this Heidberg steadily refused to do. " Young Earl is a general favorite. I hardly know of any one against whom a similar charge would not be more easily credited." " Nevertheless, I believe bim" to be tbe mur- derer of Robert Burnham." " Granted that it be so, as yon have only your own unassisted testimony, yon will make your own chances less by bringing it forward at this time." " Be that as it may, it is the truth. Living or dying, I will stand by what I have said !" There waa something in the eye of the speaker as he said this that convinoed Pringle that it would be useless to urge bim further. Foreseeing the difficulties that would arise, the lawyer was thoroughly vexed at what he termed his obstinaoy. " A foolish, self-willed fellow !" be muttered, as he retraced his way baok to his dingy office ; " one who would sooner run his head against a stone wall than turn aside from his path." Somewhat to his surprise, for he bad counted on her practical way of viewing things, as well as her influence over him, Helen sided with her husband. " My husband is right," she said, withasud den flash to the eye. " It is the troth ; and if the truth cannot save bim, nothing will." The lawyer caught eagerly at this. " You say it is the truth-do you know this from your own personal knowledge ?" " I know it from what my hnsband tells me. I could not be so sure of it from any other source." There was something in this simple faith, bo simply expressed, that touched the beart of the matter-of-faot lawyer, who never dealt in sentiment otherwise than professionally, where he could make it " tell" upon the minds of the jury. " I wish, on my soul, madame, that others could see him as you do !" " They would, did they know him as well." Helen did not look at the eyes that were in- tently regarding her as she said this. She spoke like one speaking to herself, as if oareless and unmindful of any effect it might produce. Thus the slow hours passed, bringing, at last, the day appointed for one of the most noted criminal trials on record. A day looked forward to with intense interest by thousands; but, ob, bow terrible to him to whom it was to bring liberty, or a crnel and shameful death, and to her to whom his life was far more precious than her own. Chapter HI. GUILTY, OR NOT QUILTY? The interest in the trial was greatly inoreased by the prisoner's steady adherence to his state- ment in regard to Arthnr Earl ; and whioh had been daly made known to the publie by the re- porters who bad " interviewed" him. What made this statement still more incre- dible and startling, was the fact that young Earl was the betrothed of Estelle Burnham, and their wedding-day already fixed. Estelle was exceedingly lovely both in mind and character, greatly beloved by her large oirole of friends and acqmaintances ; and mach sympathy was felt for her under the sorrow that was greatly heightened by the horrible sus- picion that had attaohed itself to her lover. The character of the murdered man, his high standing in the community, as well as his many acts of charity to the poor and suffering-which, after his death, had been remembered and com- mented upon by both press and people-ore&ted; a feeling of rage against his mnrderer that found expression in looks and cxeorations ; and whioh must have been heard by the prisoner, as, olosely guarded, he slowly made his way through the crowded court-room. Those who expeoted to see anything in his face and bearing at all in accordance with the terrible crime laid to his charge, were disap- pointed ; though there were not wanting those who saw the hardened villain in the unflinching eyes and steady front that he presented to the pitiless, unwavering gaze that was direoted to- ward him. Not that there was anything like bravado about him. He looked, as be felt, like a man deeply and solemnly impressed by the terrible position in whioh be was placed. His unusual height, broad shoulders, and massive head made him very oonspiouong, as he rose to answer to the indietment; and as the words "Not guilty," fell from his lips, their musioal intonation surprised those who had never heard him speak before. The jury was impannelled, and the witnesses for the State oalled. We will not weary the reader by relating the evidence in detail, mach of whioh he already knows. It is sufficient to say that it was over- whelming. When the blood-stained knife wsb produced in court, on which were the initials of the pri- soner, a thrill of hotror ran through the audi- ence The hair fonnd in the clenched hand cf the murdered man was shown to be similar to the prisoner's both in testare and color. These disposed of, the counsel for the State arose, saying, " that be regretted that the pri- soner's attempt to shield himself by throwing suspicion upon a man whom to know was to know him to be incapable of snob a deed, obliged bim to call, from ber sorrow and retirement, the orphan daughter of the viotim of one of the most atrocious mnrders that it had ever been bis painful duty to investigate; and for whose youth and Bex, as well as new and painful posi- tion, he asked the consideration of the Court." This announcement was followed by a hush of expectancy, all eyes being directed toward the door, from whioh almost immediately issued Calvin Burnham, to whose arm olung a slight, graceful form, elad in deep monrning, and olosely veiled. They were preceded by an officer, who, with some difficulty, made way for them to the witness-stand. The gentleman attended the lady to the box, said a few words to her, and then took a seat below. With a timid gesture, the lady threw back her veil, revealing a fair, sweet faoe, framed in a mass of golden hair, whose girlish beauty was heightened by ber sombre attire. It was Estelle Burnham, the daughter of the murdered man, and the betrothed wife of one of the parties implicated. An involuntary marmor of sympathy and admiration arose from the audience as they looked upon her, and thought of her sad history. Even the officer's gruff voioe softened as he administered the oath, as if he shrank from adding a feather's weight to her sorrow. Estelle testified to Arthur Earl being in her company on the night of the murder, from one a m. until four. In order that the reader may understand the point aimed at, we will state that the watch of the murdered man was found to be stopped, evidently by the force of the blows on the chest; the position of the hands indicating the murder to have been committed about half-past two. I The prisoner, who bad sat quietly sat through the fearful array of evidence against him, seemed to be strangely moved by this testimoney, never once removing his eyeB from the witness, until she had conoluded. He then requested permission to ask a ques- tion, whioh was granted. Turning to the witness, he stretohcd out his hand toward her, bat with more of a gesture of command than entreaty; and, as if moved by some magnetio power, Estelle fixed her eyes upon his, with a half-wondering, half-pitying gaze. '. Are you sure that Arthur Earl was with you between the hours of three and four ? I beseeoh you to think well before you reply." The young girl's face flushed, and then paled ; but her tones were clear and even as she said: " I am sure " The extended hand fell listlessly to the side. " God forgive you, lady ! for, to shield the guilty, you have perjured your own soul!" The effect of these words, uttered in a voice of singular power and compass, was indesoriba ble. The sensitive girl to whom they were ad- dressed burst into tears. Boused by this, the judge sharply rebuked the prisoner; and Calvin Burnham, ooming quiokly forward, took his siater from the room As they were passing slowly out, a woman leaned forward, as if to take a closer view of her face. And for the first time the eyes of Helen Heidberg and Estelle Burnham met. Estelle never forgot that look. Tbc witnesses for the proseoution being all in, those for the defenoe were now summoned. Tbey were few, their evidence relating mainly to the high character of the acouBed' the goodness and tenderness of his heart, so inconsistent with the oruelty of the deed with which he was charged. The most important witness for the defence was the little son of the prisoner, by whom an alibi was attempted to be proven. Bernard was a fine looking, manly-anpearing little fellow, olosely resembling his father ; his voice, while lacking the deeper toneB, having the same clear, musical ring. He took his place npon the stand, when his name was called, seemingly unabashed by the curions eyeB fixed upon him. He answered the questions asked him tonohing the nature of the oath, so clearly and under- standing^, tbat the judge ordered him to be sworn. Bernard testified to bis father's being at home on tbe night of the murder, until three in the morning. " What makes you so sure of the hour ?" inquired the leading oounsel for the proseen tion. " Beoause father waked me then, tolling me to stay with mother till he got back from the store. He told me to give her the medicine in half an hour. I knew it was three when he left the house, because I looked at the dook to make sure." Not all the ingenuity exeroised in such cases oould shake the boy's oonfidence in this asser- tion, or make him vary from it in the slightest degree. The attorney, who was a warm friend of tho Earls, and firmly convinoed of the prisoner's guilt, now determined on another taok. Leaning forward, he said, in a familiar, con- versational tone : " My little man, you saw your father last night ?" " Yes, sir." " And he told yon that you were ooming here to-day, didn't he ?" " Yes." " Ah, he did !" Baid the attorney, glancing at the jury, to see if they were following him. " Now, what did he tell you to Bay ?" " He told me to remember tbat the eye of God was on me, and to speak the truth !" This answer was as unexpeoted as it was beautiful; and irritated by the applause that greeted it, the attorney said, testily : " Tbat will do, boy. You've learned your lesson well, I see." Bernard resented this implication on the father he idolised. " So well, sir," he oried, with sparkling eyes, " that I shall remember it so long as I live !" Casper Heidberg turned npon his Bon a look that he never forgot ; and a glow of pride oame to Helen's pale face, as she glanced from one to the other. But it quiokly faded, leaving it as cold and impassive as before. Neither did she give him any sign of ap- proval, as he resumed his seat, beside her, as most mothers would have done ; her mind was completely absorbed by the solemn proceedings, of whioh this was only an episode. The prisoner now spoke. While he acknowledged that the evidence bore hardily against him, be dwelt upon its oir oomstantial nature, and the unreliability of snob. He denied that the knife, olaimed to be his, had ever been in his possession; explaining that he had picked np the gold pieces found npon bim, on the steps of the store. He aceonnted for his Bilence in regard (o his family by the fact that he had been several weeks out of employment, and Mr. Bnrnham's advertisement for a clerk bad stated that be mast be unmarried. This was the only error he bad committed, and dearly had it oost him. He elosed with there words : "Though I injure my own cause by so doing, I again repeat my solemn declaration that the man I met on the steps of the store on that fatal morning waa-Arthur Earl ! If my suspicions wrong him, let bim come forward and state what be was doing there at that hour." Young Earl was sitting within the bar, in fall view, and this direct personal appeal created a profound sensation in court, all eyeB being directed toward him, to see how it would be received. .When the prisoner paused, he half arose from his seat, as though with the intention of replying, but, as if thinking better over it, he sank back again, his faoe betraying strong emotions, though of what nature it was not easy to say. The prisoner resumed : " I am as firmly convinoed as I can be of anything that I did not myself see, that that man committed the crime with whioh I am ' oharged. And though I may be condemned I ana executed, as surely as God lives, who is the I avenger of the innooent, so surely will punish- ment overtake him, who, in allowing me to die ' in. his stead, is committing a double murder." If Heidberg had intended, by these words, to rouse Earl into making some response, he was disappointed. He remained eilent, his coun- tenance wearing an expression grave, indeed, bat retaining no traoe of the agitation that had marked it on the prisoner's first appeal to him. Mr. Pringle had listened to this with an un- easiness and vexation that be had found it im- possible to wholly disguise. Not that he wonld have objeoted to his olient's speaking, could be have induced bim to regu- late wbat be said by his own knowledge of juries in general, and this one in particular. He knew the effect that the prisoner's fine per- sonal appearance, and the earnestness of his words and manner, would have upon the Court. But he knew, too, that his statement in regard to Earl was generally believed to be malioious and without foundation, and its reiteration damaging in the extreme. Nor did be view this misstep in a merely professional light; he really took a personal interest in his olient, having, in common with all brought in oontaot with bim, a strong im- pression of his innocenoe, and which he felt was not all warranted by the faots that had come to his knowledge. " He had only the ghost of a obanoe before," he said to himself, with an almost audible groan ; " be hasn't that now 1" But there was nothing of this in the-law- yer's face, as he arose to make the closing plea He touched but lightly on facts, reserving his strength for one of those eloquent appeals to the feelings and sympathies, for whioh he was noted. He bad good material for this. The prisoner, with his dignified aspeot, and hitherto un- spotted life ; the loving, devoted wife ; the boy, whose sturdy defence of his father had tonobed every heart that heard it-these were sufficient, in suoh bands as his, for one of the most able and effective efforts of the kind. Pringle had made many eloquent pleas, but into this he infused a feeling and pathos that surpassed every other effort; and its effect could be seen in the countenances of those present, bb well as in the breathless silence in whioh they listened, from the first to the closing word. Amid the hush that followod, the judge rose. Every one, conversant in suoh matters, knows how like a damper tho summing up of tbe oase falls on the excitement occasioned by suoh an appeal. While the counsel on either side are expeoted to make use of every expedient to make tbeir cause seem just, the judgo is supposed to be above every such artifice. He is expeoted to hold the soales of justice evenly-to veer neither to the right nor the left. And certainly the judge's integrity was above all suspicion. Still, his words bore hardly upon the pri- soner-cruelly so, it seemed to the wretched woman oh whose heart they fell so heavily. And yet he spoke only of facts; to which his calm, dispassionate tone and manner gave addi- tional force He set clearly before the jury that, while they should the give the prisoner the benefit of every doubt, they owed a duty to the commu- nity, to the good old man, cut down so sud- denly, and to the family, so terribly bereaved. He tore away, with pitiless band, all the illusions of the glowing speech to which they bad just listened, charging tbcm that thoy were there to decide " acoordiog to the law and the evidence," and, having done that, they had per- formed, to the utmost, the solemn duty that de- volved upon them. This was all. He ooald not baye said less And yet Helen's heart grew hard and bitter as she listened, on whioh overy word fell like a blow. To most of those present, the result of their deliberations was a foregone conclusion; and yet, as the twelve solemn mon filed slowly in, every one listened breathlessly to the words that fol- lowed. " Prisoner, look npon the jury." " Jury, look upon the prisoner." " What say you, Mr. Foreman, do you find the prisoner at the bar guilty, or not guilty ?" '* Guilty !" " So say yon, Mr. Foreman-so say yon all, gentleman ?" " So say we all." That solemn bush was broken by a sharp cry. It did not come from the wretched wife, whose veins seemed to be slowly congealing to ice, but from Bernard, who stretehed out his arms toward the prisoner's dock, his features wearing a white look of horror, terrible to behold in that boyish face. "Father! oh, father!" Chapter IV. TUMBLEDOWN ALLEY. Tbe prisoner had boen removed, the judge bad left the bench, and the excited throng surged out into the open air, leaving the court- house nearly empty; but still Helen sat there, not a quiver of the eyelids, not a muscle of the rigid face, showing that she lived and breathed. " She takes it calmly," said some one among the crowd, peering curiously into her face, as they passed by. She beard this, with the bitter feoling that abo was set apart from all human aid or sym- pathy. If she waa like other women-if tears would oome to the relief of the brain that throbbed with suoh burning, maddening thoughts-if she could lose in unoonsoionsness the gripe of the iron band that was tugging at her heart- strings. Bernard broke away from the offioer, who was trying to oomfort him in his rough, kindly fashion, and returned to bis mother. Touching the cold hands that lay folded in her lap, be looked up wistfully into her faoe. " The people have all gone, mother. Ain't yon going home ?" Helen heard this like one in a dream. " Home !" she thought. " What place would ever be like home to her again ? ' Bat she made no reply; neither did she look into the pleading eyes that were lifted to hers Pringle was in the entry, just aeroBS the threshold, talking to Arthur Earl. Ste&Ufg; up softly behind him, Bernard toncb^^Hbn on the arm " w^^is it, boy ?" Sfid Pringle, not un- kindly, but with the quick, incisive tone and manner that was natural to bim. " Won't you please speak to mother, sir ?" Both men glanced baok on Helen, through the open doorway. Earl took a step forward, and then drew baok. Pringle went np to where she Bat. " Mrs. Heidberg, court is over, and it is grow- ing late. Shall I get you a oarriage ?" Helen shook off, almost roughly, the hand that was laid on ber arm. " Why should you get me a oarriage ? I can walk. Come, Bernard " Helen walked steadily on until she came to the doorway where Earl still stood, who, un- covering his bead, stepped aside to let her pass. Here she paused. " God'B bitter, blighting curse rest on you l" Earl's face turned a shade paler, as he mo' the almost maniaoal glare of those fierce eyes, but his own did not waver. " God pity and oomfort you, madame !" " It is not pity that I want, nor oomfort but justice. And it will oome-Borne day. Though it be late, it will surely come !" " God grant it 1" Here Bernard, who bad been attentively Boanning the fanes of both, pulled at the hand tbat held his own so tightly. " Come, mother !" And Helen walked on, so swiftly that he with difficulty kept paoe with her. They turned down into a narrow, dirty street where they now lived; for, since her husband's arrest, Helen had had to give np the neat oottage they had rented, and where they had spent bo many happy hours. She had hired a solitary room in a orazy old tenement-house, swarming with people, mostly foreigners. It was near the jail, and afforded them shelter, and this was all she thought of. Brutish-looking men, and ooarse, slatternly women peered out upon them from the doors and windows as they passed, but more in oariosity than pity ; for Helen had kept herself aloof from them, making no friends. They all knew her history; but if Helen heard their ooarse comments she paid no heed to them. Monnting the riokety stairs, she unlocked the door of a room whose chilliness and gloom seemed to penetrate to the heart, as well as bones. It was bare and desolate at all times, bat now, dark and fireless, it was dreary enough. Helen sank upon the nearest seat-a wooden stool that stood by the broken fireplace. She did not heed the cold, and, as for the darkness, it was like noonday to the blaokness within. Feeling oautiously along on the mantel, Ber- nard found the lamp, but no matohea. He the« remembered that he had used the last one the night before. Taking the lamp in his hand, he went ont of the room, up another flight of stairs ; groping his way along until he eame to the seoond door on the landing. "Who's there?" cried a childish voioe, in answer to his tap. " It's me-Barney. Open the door, Toots ; I want to light my lamp " "I can't. It's looked. Mam hain't got baok yit." The boy stood for a moment in silent per- plexity. " See here, Toots. You jost look around, and see if you can't find a matob, and slip it under the door-there's a good girl !" Emulous of deserving the title, Toots hunted industriously around in various corners, as was shown by tbe vigorons rustling that sbe made. " I oan't fiad any, Berney. Mam's got 'em some'eres, I know ; bat she's so 'fraid of my settin' things a-fire. Ain't it ridioTus ?" Bernard had bis own ideas as to that ; know- ing how often Toots verified her mother's as- sertion, that she was " as full of mischief as an egg is full of meat." But be only said : " No matter, Toots. I'll go down to Mrs Nolan's. I bate to, though. Just hear the noise they're making !" The shrill shrieks of the fiddle filled the house, while the stamping of the heavy feet that kept time to it made the doora and windows rattle. " Oh, ain't it jolly, Berny-the fiddlin' an' the danoin' ?" cried Toots, clapping her hands " How I do wish I could go an' look in at tbe door ! But mam never'U let me. Mrs. Nolan says it's a shame for her to keep me mewed np aol" " Oh, don't say that, Toots ! Mrs. Nolan don't know. It's a bad plaoe for a boy, let alone a girl. But I must get my lamp lighted, some- how." Bernard went down to the first floor, and stood irresolutely by the door whenoe the sounds pro- ceeded, and whose tenants kept a low drinking saloon, whose attractions were enhanoed, even inga, by such music as Pat ¡Solan could torture ont of a fiddle as wheezy and ill-conditioned as himself. Knowing that a knook oould never be heard amid suoh a din, Bernard pushed open the door ; almost regretting his temerity as be looked within. Pat, a tall, lank, weazen-faced old man, was sitting astride of a wooden benob,in all his glory, his head and feet keeping time to tbe fiddle be was so vigorously soraping, and to whose discord ant strains a crowd of queer-looking people, of both soxes, were dancing with great energy-a performance that oonsistod mainly of bopping about promiscuously, and occasionally bringing tbe right foot down with a force tbat made the glasses jingle. (To be continued.) 