M31ElSS1S. MOODY AND SANKEY. (FRoSt TIIE SATUIIDAY REVIEW.) It appears that for someo mouths past excitement lhas been produced in Edinburgh and other towns in Scotland by tbo singular exercises of a couple of itinerant Amuericans-Mr* Moody nod 31r Sankey. For a veory long time no entertai:neit has been so popular in Edinbargh as that which goes by the name of these gentlemen. It is attended by overflowing audiences. Urowds of enthusiusts follow the per funners from one place to another, for it is part of their :tfstetn to have a miuch variety as possible, and to hqld tlheir meetings in all sorts of different ,buildings-in town-Blalli, .lectures rooms. and clhurches of all denoini tnations. The meetings are held at all hours of thIe lday, and somo are for young uweu, sote for mothers, some for fathers, others for yoiung wotmen, clerks, ctudents, or little children. Curioaity is stimulated by hugeo placards on tthe walls, and several j periodical, commuiand a large sale by dlescribing the perfortmances. The tnt tore of the exhibiti'm is stated in the following ainUoutcement :-" At half-past six p.m., Mr M0oody will preach the (iGuspel, attd Mr Sankey will sing the Gospel." Mir Mloudy and Mt Saukey are Amiericans frott Chlicago; aitd. we learn from. one of their groans that their visit to Scotland was prompted by a feeling tlhat the churches there stood " specially in need of the application of those brisker, livelier, more direct modes of apieal which are characteristic of Amterica." Mr Moody, we are further told, is " not a main of much education or culture; his mannaer is abrupt and -blunt;.. his speech bristles with Americanisms; his voice' is sharp, i rapid, and colloquial." He is remark able for his 'want of sarnctimoniousness; and " a play of humor sports out I sometimes it his'most serious addresses." I He interlards his lectures with droll or wonderful stories, or, as as the writer puts it, " Ite has itt his possession a large number of iinci deuts and experiences well fitted to throw light on the points he employs them to elucidate, and, to clinch the appetals which hIe uses them to enforce." In the intervals of Mr Moody's lectures, Mr Santkey sings hymnns. " Abborring the notion of providing a utusical eutertainment merely to please those who are not in the Kingdom of God;" Ite seeks to move " by truth expressed in the moust winning tunes." It is also itt subservience to his spiritual ends that Mr Sankey uses the harmotniumn, Sattkey's "Sacred Solos" ttre sold by the thousaund, and his example and ex- 1 hortations are also said to have given a great impulse to the trade in bar moniuns. Tlhe sort of entertaitnent which is thus preseinted may. be gathered from the descriptions given by persons who profess to have enijoyed it. " We are having a very good time just now," writes- otne; "old Formality got his neck broken." " On Friday tight," says another," after Mr Moody's solemn words, there seemted to be a great smashing up of souls." The audience is alternately utoved to laughter and tears. The Gospel is preached, not only with the pronunciation, but in tihe dialect of Clhicago; and the result is, no doubt, something very different front that to which Scotch ctngreiations are accus tomed. Jokes, slang, stories, arid sensational exclamations are freely interspersed. AIr Moodie's strange accents artd "sports of humior" worlk up the people into a state of excitement in which it is'as easy to cry as to laugh. A parable trantslated intto the language of Artemus Ward, and enlivened by touches of' Yankee wit, is a novel seet sation, and the effect is enthaceed by a sudden change of startling threats of damnation, and appeals to come and be saved. Then comes Sankey's lively solos, sung in a very good style to a melody that miglht pass for secular in a wordly concert room, but for the wourds. People who go only to be aniused, as most of the audience go, are iprovided wvith a curious and racy entertainment, quite as good in its way as the Christy Minstrels. Others of an imepies ible temperament are thrown itto tu ore or less vilettt pitroxysms of hysterical emotiont. 'Tose Io are ac qOuitited with the hitcory olf revivals will recognise iii theu tigitationi which has been carried on I in Editiburgli and elsewhere a repeti tiolt, iin a slightly tioddfiel foirn, 4f the ordinary tppe oh thisee dsiirdeis.. There are difleroiit imeCtihod5 of gotltig i itoxi cated, and this is onte of thenI. Nothing is easier tIhan for a skilled nid dariug expert ii, revivalisml to york ulpn the ierves iiid feelijus of n eak slu-cepti tle persons, si as to tiii toO the hlnol to tite head and hri og on all the syaiptoitms of violett excitement. Ote of .\lr .\loody's dis-iples has dcaigtnatod hui lie "Lightniug iMiltister of tihe Lightit. ijg City," aitd there canll be no ditubh that his pertoriaice is of a very rousing kind. It comtimloil revivals uere sliutii line niid sitriokinhg atswer the plutrposc of the (iperaltors, bit Mr Moody's I exercises are of a more artistic qtality. Friends of the inovcinettt, mingled with the iutdieice, also lead their aid. 'Ihey 1sitUiice ujOli ny tone 410lih seems to he moved, atid pour iii their exhorttions; and there are 0lso private rOUIUS to which cases of distress are conveved. " About 40," says one account, " coI.fessed that they were new converts, and -10 stood up as anxious to be saved, and were asked to go to the other side of the hall, where they were cutvcred with." A servant gulI i. de. scribed as weeping like ann itatdat ior.. The workers" ii, attendance oni har had to keep her consrantly suppiliŽii with a change of fresh handkerchief, and try hymn books. Another time 1r Moondy called upon sevecn tentlenii on the platform to state how they were save I. ""Most of them were rwei-knowU Itien, a miniistrr, a colonel in the army. a uter chant, a sheriff, a doctor, a il!remsat, and a captain in the navy. Tile ff. c: 1 was marvellous."'' Prayers win, r' nredl up for "an uncle who is an infidel." for "a family, the father o aviowde initiiel, and the moither and citildreni uicon verted," foir "a clergymanti of the Church;i of Ireland who is i nbue I with ra:ijial istic errors." At une of the tttetili.s the experiences of a young tldy iWer given as part of the entettinttneat. "' Fir an hour she sat in the creat:et aginr!y ; -r hands were clasped, her eye-hatls ookted as if they would start froin thelir ,-ck-ts." Even children are worked upoi -little children of eight or oine-.vita all the terryfying formula of tihe revirvlirt choloal. A little boy itlit-trated his ftithi by re- markinie that, if his sister receved ian offer of uniariate from a very rich ttan, "ho hadl promisied rhe should live in a tlte mansinu, would sthe iout t very fooli toii refuse suchi an t ffer ? At uue meeting we are told ef "a dtear little boy, aCbult ittie years of aye, at roost teni, won was crying as if lis little heart would bre ik,' wttile a " Itindl'., fa:her-like n1iti " wias torturing the p or ch:l i withi thinis too deep for bhi to undrerat:rd We read of a book whiict was sent to anothcr child containing three leaves-u,,e white. the neat blood red, anl hlie tirl white, inoicating valvation. "' ou can't have too muich blood," is Moody's mot:io. It it said to be too sioon to estimaate th i results of the agitation which tots been carried on by these expetirents but it is inot very diflicult to anticipate what, judging from tormer experience, th-y are ikeiy to bet It is Imnpousibte to imagine anything tmore uuwholto:ue anotil detili tating than the surt of tmorbid excitetenit and hyterical rapture which is thus cu tiva.ed, and in other casas the cone quence has invariably beau a reactioun of a deplorable kiid. In the country die tricts of Scotland revivals have osually left their mark iu an itcrcase of drunk enness and a scandalous addition to the registra- geneoa al's statistics of Ilegitimtacy. In Edinburgh the heat and freinzy have probably dolneo much harm by brinrging sacred things iuto ri.licule, Ty affl cling some feeble minds with idle ason)y, or by ovrbarlaa cing uthers with the inflatiot of self.rigbteous arrogance :arid conceit. There is not the fiiuteet trace of etducated intelligence or spiritual elevition iin Mr Moody's harangues. They are a mere gabble of texta, interspersed with gro tesque or saina tional anecdotes, and spiced with vulgar America:n slang 'the most r ratordinary feature if the agita tion it that it should be counnived ait and patrol isod by the clergy of la:iuburgi. and other townls. It is obvious that if Mloody anid Sankey are rught in their mode of preaching the Uurpel, and if the etrffect of tlhese perfonulaces is really a 'great awakening ' and the ' p >wer of the Holy Ghost in Scotland,' toe ordinary services of religion must be a melancholy farce. Everybody who has oeei in Scot land must have been struck with the severe endurance and fortitude with whiil a betch cuitgregation si out, inot only a long and dreary serimoun. hut ai series of prayers whict are the iworst sort of sermons in diogui~e; and it is not surprising that the Scotch laity etould be thunkful for a lit e relaxation. But that the mini-ters themselves shiould collie forward in this mannler to proclaim pub licly that their whole system is a failure aind waste of time is really strauge. It tiust he still more wotnleflul t, iin sup porting and rccommending Messrs Mluooy and Sankey, they do not see that they are condemning thetieelves, lither a great awakening is good for their flucks, or it is not. If it is, why do they lot take measures to bring it about in their own account I The only juttticationi which is uffere i for thle eccelrictices tInd Ibufloi neri' a of the YaLkee propagautda is simply that toe end justtries the neanis, and- that the great thing is to produce na iuprts aiun on thle public mind, nto mntter bow. It would 'ppear, thcrefore, that sermonas bad better be abandoned for siging anrid story-telling, and there is ito logical c soin liy 111the reforit should stop Ihere. The banjo and the iottes might le sulbstituted for the hiarnionmiuru, and Mr Satikey's solo' mii;ht be occasionally varied by a little danciing. The Fantee Flipflag Faldaligo would Ihe an appro priate .accompanaiment to Mr Mloody's " spurts of hlimar' Ulnd select tniecdotes. It in to be uttderstood that it is the busiuess of Christian Churches to cott pete, as the Briiskl £vanwelsf holds, with ** the theatre, the opera, utid pltntomitice,"' why is the competition tlit to t11ese American gentletnen? It is stated that ylemsrs 10oudy atod Saukey timoy shortly ie expected in Loudot; but they iill terhapi dizcover that their line of busi ness ltias already been pretry tell worked at ttie Tabernacle and elarwitere. 