TOPICS OF THE DAY. His Excellency the Governor held a Council on Wednesday, at which two Ministers were present. We have been requested to state that John Haddern, mason, of Goug6r*trfet, is not the John Maddem who was fined tbi« morning at the Police Court for beating his wife. The Catholic Bazaar at Pott Adelaide was brought to a close Ust Monday evening. The amount of the proceeds available towards liquidating tha debt on the Church th^re is Madame Cora and troupe have lately given a very euoaessful series of enertabucents on Torire's Peninsula. The people there sasm to have been muoh pleased with their per* fermaness. Private advices by the last Califoraian mall vu Bydney convey the intelligence that the much-needed rains had set in, and that the prospect, of the Oatifornlin harvest were good. Wheat was worth $1.60, and freight to the United Kingdom, 60?. to 625. 6d. The attendance at the Theatre on Wed nesday evening was art so large as usual, but notwithstanding this, there was a very fair num ber of pleasure-seekers present The programme, which was the same as that of the previous evening, was gone through with the mud sue The Bookhampton papers are fall of aseouute of the disasters and fatal results of the floods that have occurred in Queensland. Several deaths are reported, and the damage done is estimated at more than £90,000. In all the Queensland towns subscriptions are being raised very liberally in aid of the suffsrers™^ The lad Shinnick, who met with a very serious accident at Pine Creek, aad is bow a patient In the Adelaide Hospital, is progressing favorably. We yesterday confounded this boy with the poor lad Pollock, who died at the Hospital en Monday. The similarity In some respects of the circumstances attending the aasUant wfU explain the confusion. An accident of a aad nature happened on Thursday Ust, March 18,-uXalpara. Ac cording to the Wallaroo paper a Uttie boy, son of Mr. J. MUlard, a well-known farmer of the district, was riding on the waggon t>f a neLjh bor, when he slipped off. and before the waggon could be stopped it passed, ever his thigh. Dr. Bobtnson, who at;ended, found that the leg bad been frastarel near the top of the thlgfa. He eat the fracture and the Uttie sufferer U prugi?ssliH favorably. From Two Wells we hear of an in stanes of uncommon attention to employers* interests. Beeently am emplo)< under the Central Bead Board was engaged la measuring maintenance metal, If Ing on the sides ef the road, fct intervals from the Virginia Bridge to ■ear the Biver Light The work beiag too much for one day, the emploje' referred to, and a stationmaa, turned out on the follewbig day, whlah was Sunday, ami oompkted the measur ing. The tewMeut. we are told, jus given rise to oonddsrablecomment in the UesUty. The half-yearly meeting of the Wine aad BfMt Company was bald at the Southern Cross Hotel onWadnssdar, Maroh 24. There was a Urge atssudauae of shareholders, and Itr. T. B. Bury presided. The business was very brief, and consisted solely of the adoption of the report aad •ttlauoe-sheet The Utter showed the Company to be in a prosperous state, ike profit, dart ig the half-year being £845195. 2i The SOOTharw whloh remained unissued are now aU tiken up, a great many more than the number having bean applied (or. On Friday, March 17, a young man. in the employ of Mr. Sommerviue,-farmer. Deep Creek, Breugntou, met with an aooident while assisting to make a team of hones go. It U stated in the Wurtkim Jbrgut that "the horses were rather awkward, having a load of 42 bags ef wheat to take over a bid road. The young anan went to the off aide, when he was knocked down between a fence and the waggon, aad one of the wheels passed evar his ankle, crushing it Mgatfully. Dr. Bain w.s seat for, and did what was possible under the circumstances for the Bufferer. n 1 The Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court were brought to a olose on Wednesday, when the pi tracer* who had beso convicted were brought op and sentenced. In ths case Begua v. Field the parties were allowed to confer, the solicitor for Field polntiug out that in conferring there would be no imputation on the p'oscoatrix. The Cuurt adjourned till aext day, when the ease of I* Wittgenstein, found guilty of creating a nuisance will be finally set tled, the parties having been atlowed to confer. Ok S m-r the Chief Justice intimated that the Fall O utt would not sit until Wednesday text, on account of the Easter holidays. ▲ few days ago as teamsters with two German waggons were on their way up North they stopped at the Wakefttld B4dge, Un dalya, to feed aad water then: horses. One ef the tuen not being aware of the danger, let two of his horses go to the water, coupled together. when they nudo an attempt to cross the river, aad getting entangled ia their harnw, both ware drowned la less thin fir* mlontet. The value of the hones was from £T0 to £80. Our correspondent aays :—" I wish to put people on their guard. It is not necessary to water horses or cattle at the spot ledicitod as them are ■ a watering-place aud a enrnplug-ground about 300 yards farmer «p thorirer, second to none on the Wakenald." An aooident, which proved fatal, oc curred at Two Watts on Saturday, March 20, to a young lad about 11 yean of age. the son of Mr. PoUook, teamster. When the lad, in oom paay with hi. father, was going through the township with a bullock-team, he fell by some means over the railing of the dray in front of the wheel, which passed over Us body, breaking bis arm la two planes, aad injuring his stomach and ribs to a great ex tent. Dc|Ooenau was at once called in, and after attending to the sufferer, ordered him to be conveyed to the Adelaide Hospital, where hedied on Monday evening. An inquest was began «n Tuesday, but it was adjourned, there being no evidence nrodaoed to account for the tajarWs that paused death. ?'The stale of the ooontry is becoming ever/ day more aUrmug." Thus writes the Mount Gambler paper. "From aU parts we ten tha aan? doleful tidings. Tharetanofeaa, aud the stock an becoming walking skeletons. North of Marraecorto the lambing has com meoeed, but the ewes wtQ have enough to do to keep life In themselves, without feeding tie lambs. On some of the Victorian Western District stations the sheep are already dying in hundreds, and It Is to ba feared when the rain dees come the mortality wfll be even greater. It is now probable that there wfll be serious losses on every station from scouring when the young feed springs. The rain keeps threaten ing, but persistently refuses to come down. During the week there has baen oaa or two alight showers, but not suflUieat to do any geod." A successful entertainment was givenby the Adelaide United DisguiteeodstomGouger. street Academy, on Monday evening, auroh Zi to a very good house. Mr. Jas, Cater pre sided, aad after a few interesting remaiks by she Chairman, the programme was gone throw*, consisting of songs, redtednns, aoanea, and dialogues. The whole oondudea with the Uughable farce, •• The Ghost in the Pawnshop." Those msmbsrs taking nart were Messrs. J. Fraser, a Aaater, J.Baft. F. Chap man, L. Jocey, O. James, A. Braokdhunt, A. Clancy, and Misses C. King, M. J. Johns, M. MeKee, and K. Cooks. Several songs were greatly applauded. Tha Prince Alfred Drum and Fife Band enlivened the entertainment with some excellent made, A trio on flutes was "greatly applauded. Much praise b due to Mr. X Worming, 'the leader, for the manner in which the Band pUy. The anniversary services of the?righton Wesleyan Church were begun on Sunday, the ZUtlast. Bsrmons were preached by the Beys. W. P. Wells and J. Bickford. TeaandpahUo meetings were held on Tuesday evening, whloh were fairly attended. Mr. James Soott, who presided over the Utter, gave acme interesting observations on church life In tha eld country, referring to the vast influence exerted by Methodism then, both by ministers of great lesrainc and ability, aad by laymen holding UtWva andpol&al; pJtfemTand WfaM? wealth seemed to be oenseerated to good and benevolent purposes. The Bey. O. W. Patehell spoke onafew of the encouraging signs of the times. The report of the Treasurer (Mr. G.W. Ohiaaer), read by the Bey. J. Bickford, showed that by a little exertien £S0 had been paid off the debt, part of which had been Incurred during the year in renovating the interior of ?b? wWmroho Un Friday evening Match 19, as Mr. aa were emb«kingtomtfc? jetty at Port Augusta west through liiebsattoto which they were getting, which was net fastened, slipped away Host as Miss James wasatepping into it Bhefell Ute the water, and dragged Mr. Bignell with her. As the result, probably, of the rocking of the boat. Mrs. Blgndl fell o*a*oatdtoo7anfl the beat drifted away. Mr. Wgndl, who Is a good swimmer, bad thus two lives to save t^TfA— his own, in which feat be was sunnseilns till «me other bocW paiaten hanging fcouT the i ttaataWpaatoo?ligbt sifbt, ttea Is every ! reason to believe that this aooident would hare been attended with most disastrous const. quencei. The annual meeting of the Retail Drapers' AssUtsatt' Association «n held at the Prince JOfred Hotel on Tuesday evening, March 23/ The chair wu token by Mr. B. P. Cocks .(Ohainnan of the Association). The Secretary reed the report, whloh wu adopted. The Treasurer's balance-sheet, which mi alio read, showed the affairs of the Association to be is a furnishing state. It was proposed by Mr. Anderson, seconded by Mr. J. Smith, and carried unanimously—"That a Committee of twelve, with power to add to their number, be elected In lieu c f seven, ai in former yean, five of which Committee to form a quorum. The elections of offieen for the ensuing year malted In the Chairman (Mr. B. P. Oooki) and the Secretary (Mr. J. Smith) being re elected. Mr A. Fry was appointed Treasurer : and the following gentlemen were ohoteu a Commit'ee:—Mrsws Andrews, Dwyer, Collins, Groyton, Simpson, Heuseuroeder, Bryant, Day, and Bow*. Votes of thanks, ioolod'ng thanks to Mr. Aldridge for the ass of hi* room, olowd the proceedings. An am wring incident is the subject of the following piragrapti, furnished byaeorres pondent to the Bendiga Independent■—" Touc hing oridket, I heard the other day a .capital story respecting one of the most noted of our 100 J wielders of the willow. He wai proceed- Ing to Melbourne to play in a match, and at one of the stetiens on theroadarsther good-looking young lady got Into the carriage. Orioketen are proverbial for their gallantry, and oar Mend was no exception in this ease, and the pair chatted merrily together until the young lady arrived at her destination, when he handed oat her fair self asd her brown paper paroel. When he arrived at Melbourne, he handed out himself and Ms brown paper parcel, and re paired to Mi hotel. Up with the lark the next morning, eagerfor the fray with the Melbourne- Has, heproeeeded toamy himself in the con. tenti of the parcel aforesaid, when, horrible to relate, he discovered that he had exchanged parcels, aad that the one before him contained —tell tt?otat Back Greek !-a chemise and a pair of—well, If I most tell the trath-*ladles' It is stated in the Melbourne Argus that in consequence of the conflicting state meats as to the character of the mallee sernb oouatry, Mr. Casey hat not yet cone to any decision regarding the proposal of Mr. Donald McLean to lease a quantity of this land on the •South * uitraUan border. The department has been informed by several competent authorities that the mallee scrub is la reality some of the most fertile land in the colony. It !■ said that, though diffioult to dear, when opened up by As plough, It equda the finest soil at Brandy Greek. Other gentlemen capable of formlagan opinion on the subject, say that the maUee country U perfectly worthlesi for agriculture, and that even for gracing purposes it will take a very large tract to feed any comber of stock. There are In the ealony altogether about SO million sores of mallse scrub, aad the matter is thnefere felt to ba ona of considerable im portance. If the land nit be cultivated, Mr. Gacey eonsiden that It Would be wrong to lock it up by leasing It in large blooks to squatters. He has consequently resolved to allow the matter to lie opsn for the present, until he can find time to personally Inspect the land himself. Respecting the 'vintage in the Alburr District the Banner states that the remits of the present vintage are likely to exoeed even those of 1872, whloh wu a most ftvorable season to the vinegrower. So faras it has been tested the must has proved exceptionally good and the vines in every direction ate looking healthy. Th* freedom from disease which has beu so general this year is owing in some mea sure no doubt to the long term tf dry weather experienced at the beginning of the season, wfaish had the effect of keeping the growth within bounds and so render ing the vlnei more amenable to the sulphur treatment, bat the immunity is principally due to the fact that almost every vigueron. recognising the advantage of sulphur, ing, ated 'ha bellows uniparingly In the early part of the yeac Bat, whatever the cause, there is hardly a trace of ddtumtobe found. It appears that-tin average yield throughout the diitriot will not be less than 200 gallons to the acre, bat notwithstanding this unusually large crop, the quantity of must coming into the hands of Albnry manufacturers Ullkely to be lees than omul Owing to the operation of the border duties, maaufaoturera are not •axiom to lay in large stocks. The report of a fatal oconrranoe of a very melancholy character caused a sensation of awe U Dubbo, New South Wales, states the boat paper. A few boys, it appears, between 11 and 14 years of age, wen at play in a pad dock within the prednots of the town, when two of them quarrelling bsfcaa to throw dirt at one another. A third, younger than these, ran in and joined bis brother, aud threw a tuft of grass, with earth dinging to it, at the other, striking him on the head. Maddened by the blow, this bey snatched op from the ground a rasping hook, which hs had baen using to cat gnu for a hone, ran a few yards •tier the little fellow, sad threw the hook at him. The point of the weapon entered the poor little fellow's bask: be low the left shoulder, and he fell with itstiddag la Us body.aayUg, "I am dying? The slayer plucked the hook oat of his body, r and ran for Dr. TWblts. Thswoundedboy was picked up immediately afterwards by his father, and carried home, where twelve hours afterwards he expired. The distress of the parents of both children can be better Imagined than described. The boy who threw the hook, John Frederick Eahner, was oharged with tha murder of the deceased, Miobael William Mean, and hat been committed for trial. On Wednesday a deputation, consisting of the Hona. W. Parkin, W. Sandover, «nd t Hogarth. Mem. A. Hardy, H.P., F. X, B, W. Kriehauff, M.P.. D. GolUn, and J. Banklne, waited 'on the Commissioner of Orosro Lands with reference to a memorial which had been sent in relative to the formation and proclamation of a District Council at Border Town. Mr, Hardy, in introducing the dapatetiou, stated they wished to know If a reply that rai been -sent to the counter-memorial had been received by the OommlssUmer. It was urged that the formation of aJMitriot Council would save expenses, and would tend to the improvement of the roads, which were on what was known as a Bay ef Biscay country, and it was very thickly covered with timber. The Commissioner said the third memorial, or their reply, to the oounter-memarial, had been received by the Government, and was now under their consideration. There was every disposition on the part of the Government to concede the privilege of local self government as soon as justified, bat. considering that in this ease the District Council was intended t? take In two Hundreds, he could not aeeede to the request; but if It came forward in a different form he would look upon it favorably. The deputation then withdrew. Hie celebration of the anniversary of the Presbyterian Church, Port Adelaide, was begun on Sunday, March 21, when sermons were preached by the Beys. Jas. Howie and W. Darusoa. On Tuesday evening, Hank 23. a tea meeting was held In thelooi beneath tha Town Hall, followed by a musical entertain, mentandeenveassione In the HalL At the tee th«r? was a large gathering, sad the enter tainment attracted a fall house. The Mayor, Mr J. M. Binclalr, J.P., presided. Mr.RP! CMahony officiated at the piano, and, besides aecompanylng toe vocalists, gave a couple of overtures in his usual brilliant style. BQss WellerandMr. Plasimer sang, "What are the Wad Wares Saying," and "Oh, mayi*t then Think of toe," with excellent taste, and were loudly applauded. The young lady also sang "The Emigrant Mother." withgood effect Mr. Plammer was encored for his song, " WOI o' the Wisp," when he gave "Widow Maehree." Mr. Bray earned a fair share of praise for his rendering of "Sound an Alarm" and "My Pretty Jane;" aud Mr. Gowanloek sang, in a very aueeessful manner. "Gome Into the Garden, Maud," and another song. He also joined Mr. Sdth In a duet, "The Army and Navy," which was well applauded. Mr. B, Whlnham gave some recitations that were listened to with evident pleasure, and ha was rewarded by wdl.merited applause. At the doss ef the programme, Oapt B. H. Ferguson proposed a vote of thanks to the performers, and the proposition was carried by acclama tion. On Wednesday evening the Kennedy Family bad a grand attendance at Whites Booms, whan their "Twa Hours at Hame" afforded as much ecjoyment as even The glees, as hitherto, were exquisitely rendered; Miss Marjory, sad Messrs. Robert and James Kennedy were heartily applauded and encored intbdraonsjs; and Mr. Kennedy himself was in great feres, throwing all his heart into bis songs, whether comic, sentimental, or patriotic, and giving his humorous stories with great gusto. Among his efforts which drew forth most applause and laughter were the Immensely humorous teritatlnn cf "Tha Annuity," the qnslatly droll story of "How oor John scent me fortls Wife," and the song entitled "The Wagght'o* oor Dog's Tail," and "AOlster Mae3listcr." We nead not particularise, how. ever, where aU was so excellent. The interest never flags, and when the finale comes, the audisnes feel that the performance is like Bam Wdkr*s love letter, and "wish there was more of It," To-night there will be another change of programme, and en Friday even ing the Company win give a sacred oonoert faTald of the pubUs charities ; and with respect to this Mr. Kennedy explained that the gross prootads, or, to use Us own words, every shilling that was taken at the doors, would be handed orer to His Worship the Mayor. Fri day will be tha last night of the Kennedys' public appearance In Adda Us. aadwe advise those who have not yet heard them not to miss the opportunity of enjoying so great a treat, A very smart trick is thus dasoribad by "A*tt Melbourne merchant was anxious to secure a «"?>• ?' cargoes ef a certain staple Cfrauaodlty under the Impression that heVrouUltbnefi* bavette market to litasdl He benghtthei toarrive for a good rouni sum of money.imd went away welfeontent with Us bargan. Bat by-and-bye a ru?or began to get into rfroula **on <*•* there was yat another cargo afloat, and that the vendor of the other U* wai the proper person to negotiate with. The anxious buyer promptly interviewed the seller. 'I understand that you have another cargo to arrive, [s it cor 'Yes,' was the reply, 'and m you have been a good customer. youeanhave It at an advance cf 66 per cent, on the net Mf* a ne> ""JLJ 0* "wrchant. and done Vv .S" d h? ***• Tht oontraet was signed, andbothjartles retired, equallysatisfiedwltu ifcH %Zi T^A 6 "'•"bant chuokUng over the fact that he had the entire eontrolof the market. Next day, however, he reoolleated *Z??l W. not 5" 14 tte BMne ofttTshli wnioh had the precious cargo on board, and he went to the vendor for Ibforaiation. 'I shall not know for two or ihrea days, but I will tell you by Monday next' A few days afterwards buyer and seller met in she street 'That oargo of yours Is on board the Blataaway.' •The BUzsaway? Why. she only arrived in London list week. I saw her reported in the papers.' 'Just so; and I chartered her last week. I only bought the cargo and freighted the ship after I had sold you the cargo to arrive. Nothing like the cable for doing busi ness wdL*" The Chevalier Bruno, a gentleman who t**£5 a f?. r tmaK TeMll e?nged la sericulture in Italy, has had an Interview with the Vic torian Minister of Lands for the purpose of ascertaining what facilities would be granted to him by the Government for the taking no of a block of land for the ertabUahmeet of silk-' crowing in Victoria, The Auitralatian states that "Bignor Bruno intenied originally to proceed to Queensland, but if granted fair terms hu would prefer remaining In Ob colony. He has brought with him a few persons skilled ia sericulture, and hai arranged to be followed by a number of others. The quantity of land nqrired would be at least 2,000 or 3,000 lerfi. as tor the successful eatsMlshment «f the In dustry It would be aesessaiT Oat many families should be located together. The Uttieoolony which he proposed to establish would work together on strictly 00-operaUvs principles. Employment would be afforded to a very large number of children, and In course of time a Urge number of the Inmates of the Industrial Schools oould be turned to profitable amount In addition to the production of grain and the growth of the mulberry. It was also proposed to introduce winding and other maehiaery for the conversion of the ooeoons into silk. Mr. Casey said that he would be most happy to enoouraxe the establishment of such an im portent industry, and he mentioned throe pieces of country at Benalla, North Bendigo, aud St. Amaud, whlah he thought would be suitable in every way for silk-growing. Be would glv« Signer Bruno letters to the district surveyors at these places, whichV would euble him to personally Inspect the localities, and In the event of his approving of the land, terms upon which It would be granted oould be arranged afterwards between him and the Government" A meeting of the Gothenburg Belief Fond Committee was held at the Oity Council Chamber, on Wednesday, Maroh 24. There was a large attendance. His Worship the Mayor being in the chair. Bepcrts were re ceived from Mean*. Tarlton, Oonlgrave, aud Cotton, showing the eases that had been en. quired into, and the relief that was likely to be required. Sir Henry \yers stated that tha amount to the credit of the Fond that morning was £4,272 10*. 6d. His Worship said hi had received a telegram from Queensland asking if money wai required, aad stating that It was intended to erect a monument at Bowentothe memory of the drowned. It was resolved, upon the notion of Deau Hussen, that the Mayor replr to the telegram, to the effect that the Committee had not intended to apply to Queensland for help; bat any Contributions sent would not be refused. IDs Worship also reporteOreoidving a letter from theSeeretary of the Victorian Belief Fond, aiktag foroeV tributions In support of thoie who *"4 boon left destitute in that colony. After a Short conversation. In which it was stated that all the money collected in South Australia weald be required for the relief of the sufferers here, ths letter was ordered tobesMknowledgsd. A letter from Mr. BathunlL of Melbourne, ?*• ing for relief for Mm. Dillon Cox and ohil drea, was referred to tha Enquiry OemmUtee. It was then resolved that the Government be requested to allow poor parsons, up™ the oartinoste of the Mayor, to telegraph gratis to the Northern Territory when making .moiri.*.. for their frien.is; also that the Govemnvnt be asked by Utter if they Intended to make provision tor the families of their effioers who had been lost The Oommttteeadjounioduntil Wednesday next. We understaa _subscriptions were reouved dariog the after noin, whlohlnorsased the amount to £4,676 Us. It will have been seen by our telegraphic intelligence that the survivors of the fcutlne disaster am no v awaiting taeir trial for murder at Singapore. As besring on this natter we extract the following from the Sfinn Evening ir«w^?That will ba an lntaraSni trUlat Singapore of tie Buzine cannibals—« ,hlp wreeked seamen who draw lota and kill and eat the holder of the anluoky number are to be called so. Tha survivors of tha ship Kuxue were driven to this last terrible extremity. Of tt^S^ f5^ kS!l?'wS. t* B , most important on both grounds to these going down to the sea In ship*, Inasmuch as tf against the man-eaters, It must add a new risk and terror to ship wreck,. At present there seem to baohieny three risks—tha risk of being ! drowned; the risk of being starved; and tin fWc«| being killed and eaten. To these will be added, should you choose after the Euxine fashion not to he starred, the risk of being banged. The popular notion—of coarse wron? -we believe Is, that in the Ust recourse the death lot is a perfectly legal if disagreeable process, amounting at the worst to jostifl. able homldde. PiiOosophen might defend It 2?,*^ 'n^PPiness of the greatest num. b"\\.E rinriple ' •ad fa •"y OMB *t would be diffioult to get any Jury to convict men of wflfal murder who after run ning equalrUks, had succeeded by the senttng aaorifioeoi one life in savingadosen, The counsel dAoding the prisoners will, at all events, be able to quote plenty ef preo?dents for the practice, however they may succeed about the UwTlt to doubt!.. SrtttST* case of the kind before the Courts, and what, ever the result, It Is not likely to be tha Ust Whatever else he may be, man is undoubtedly an eating aad drinking animal; aad if hunger and the more dreadful thirst, can conquer eon. science asd theasnseof human nature, walsh is said to make us all Un, they are not likely to yield before a remote terror of a possible but most improbable hangman." On Wednesday oviening, Maroh 24, a Service of Sacred Song, mnstntive of the "Pilgrim's Progress," was given In the Town Hall, In aid of^OottenlnJrg&lfef;^undT by about 660 children, from the various Sunday, schools in the city, under the direction of Mr. J. W. Daniel, who acted as Conductor. The attendance was good, the hall being wdl flOed. The connective aud flbutrattve readings were gi?en by the Bey. J. Jefferis, LUB. Prior to the oommeneement of the service the rev.' gentleman said the gathering was not the re. sultof any organised action of the City Sunday, achools, butwas due to the prompt thought aad liberality of Mr. Daniel, who bad written to the Committee of the Gotaeaburg Belief Fund ehortly after it was termed, among that the service would be held. Hewasdad to see that Mr. Daniel', act hadbeenendasedbythe number that had been brought together. They all deeply sympatbisedwltfa thT ob]«t Si eervioe was Intended to aid, aad he trusted that the audlenee would manliest their sympathy by devout and earasst attention. The service was then proceeded with, sad as it U iwelHtnown, havlngbeen given here before, a dstailedaeoount is unnecessary, ttwffl perhaps bsauOdentto say that tte manner in whloh the various pieces were sung reflected the greatest credit both on MrTDanleL the abU conductor, and on the ehfidrao who were traiaed by htm. The majority of the singers were young girls, who ware dressed in alight mourning, appropriate to the oooadon. They bad, however, the —*iftti-itt of a few lady and gentleman amateurs, aud of a small but efficient Instrumental band. Before the last piece was suag, Mr. Jefferk remarked that the audience had testified in a practical way their sympathy with these who were sufferers by die teosnt peat calamity which had oast a doom over the mind of everyone in the colony. D^S tn «^w**f???*arterra«s when no fan. wdlwuia be saldby those who were dear to us. There was one aspect of this resent oalamlty which presentedaterribU form. Many of those wlm> were bread-wunen had Uft mourning widows and.suffering children; but be would not refer in detail to the calamity, as it would be indecorous but asked all to join with him in prayerfertuebareaved. The rev. gentleman than SHpd la . prayer. The hymn. "Shall wa Gather at the Blverr* was afterwards sung, the audience uniting their voices withtheeeof th. oMMmu SfWordilptbe^yorCMr:- Odtoa) proposed a oomprefaensive Tote of thanks to Mr. Daniel, whom he oooaratulatod on the suoeess of the Service, andthimkedfer the sid he had rendered to the BdUfFundbr htophltothropto effort,; to l«r?ir«e Jefferis for hU illustrative readings; and to tha others who had taken partSthe eervioe? His Worship said that between CtOWand £6,000 hadbU obtained, buttb^whate^ar amount might be rabadln all, them wouUlbs ampleoptxatunUias fordisMa^gttemW amongst those who were bereaveoand Utttn aestitate drcumstenoes. The vote of «kMh was oarrisd by aedamation, and Mr. Jefferis having v^m^S^TSSM^^'t^r^l oaadbigs closed. •T We are requested to call attention to Mr. J. H. Pan^Sda TWs Hay. atuZ* attte reridemes of Mr. W. B7ifieHlo.ir£S 