DIOCESAN SYNOD. The annual session of the Synod of the Anglican Church in the Diocese of Adelaide was opened at St. Paul's Church, Adelaide, on Tuesday morning, April 27, at half past 11 o'clock. The surpliced choir, consisting partly of clergy, proceeded up the main aisle of the church, followed by the Revs. Canon Coombs, the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, M.A., the Very Rev. Dean Russell, and His Lordship the Bishop, who was preceded by the Rev. C. G. Taplin, bearing the pastoral staff. The body of the cnurch was occupied by a large number of the clergy in gowns and laity attending Synod, and there was also pre sent a moderate general congregation. Hymn 320, from the A. and M. Hymnal, having been sung, the Communion office fol lowed, the Bishop officiating, assisted by the Dean. Hymn 548 was also sung. Twenty of the clergy and 14 laymen partook of the sacrament. His Lordship, sitting at the entrance to the chancel in his episcopal chair, then delivered his Pastoral Charge as follows:— Pastoral Address, 1875. "Rev. and Dear Brethren—It is a beautiful picture which the prophet draws of Messiah's kingdom—'Behold a King shall reign in righteousness; and My people shall dwell in peaceable habitations, and in sure dwellings, and in quiet resting-places, when it shall hail coming down on the forest.'—Is. xxxii. 1-18. This no doubt was realized by 'Israelites indeed,' even when the Assyrians in their career of con quest overwhelmed the Hebrew nationality. But it is more fully realized wherever in these latter days Christ 'reigns in righteousness' over regenerated souls. The effect of His grace is 'quietness and assurance for ever.' They are kept 'in the taber nacle of His presence from the strife of tongues.' When, however, we turn from the 'inward, and spiritual' to His 'outward and visible' kingdom, how different is the scene! We are transported, as it were, in a moment from 'green pastures and still waters of comfort' into the noisy thoroughfares of some great metropolis; the hurry and confusion of a modern Babylon, or rather perhaps into a mediaeval city studded with fortress palaces of contending nobles; their retainers distinguished by family badges and party cries, destroying the peace and harmony of their common citizenship. It is striking to mark how the public Press teems at this day with ecclesiastical topics, contro versial letters, and discussions of the deeper mysteries of religious belief. Nor is it the Clerical order alone which engages in the con tention. Ministers of State and nobles have mingled in the debate, until we may say with truth, 'the world has gone after Him.' There was the like excitement in the republic of letters in the fifteenth century, when the revival of classical learning and the study of the Scriptures in the original tongues commenced, it was so during the era of the reformation; and once more the tidal wave heaved upward and onward when the Spirit of God in the last century stirred the hearts of devout men to preach anew, amid the general apathy or un belief, the Gospel of 'the grace of God,' justi fication by faith, the power of the Spirit, the recessity of regeneration, and conversion. These godly men in their fervent zeal made little account of the divinely-provided machinery for the propagation of truth and the spiritual train ing of mankind. The Catholic and Apostolic Church, 'the tabernacle of witness' and keeper of holy writ, the Apostolic authority and order of the ministry, the sacraments as 'effectual' means and pledges of grace, and not mere signs, were set aside or made of little account under the belief of immediate and sensible operations of the Spirit accompanying the preaching of the Word. On the other hand, without denying or limiting the power of the Holy Ghost, direct or otherwise, the Anglican school of theologians ceased not, knowing the deceitfulness of the human heart, to contend not only for 'the faith once delivered to the saints,' but for the ministry and order of the Apostolic Church, and of the historic unbroken connection with it of the Reformed Church of England. I fail to see why these two schools of thought should be opposed, though distinct and separate. I believe their sympathy was interrupted more by political and social influences than any essential and positive incom patibility. Amid the adverse movements of Romanists, Ritualists, Dissenters, and Free thinkers the question now is, will they co- operate? This, in truth, is our Church's greatest need; for the Erastian tendencies of a State Church which silenced for more than a century the clergy in their legitimate Synods; the unques tioned need of extensive reforms; the disesta blishment of the Irish branch of the United Church of England and Ireland; and the sus pected spoliation of that of England; the unwil lingness to increase the numbers of Bishops for the oversight of increasing millions of the laity; as well as the clergy, numbering nearly twenty two thousand; and, lastly, the unsatisfactory treatment of doctrinal and ritual questions by the Privy Council, call for union and coopera tion among Churchmen; and now a very large body of laymen and clergy claim tor the Anglican Church a just influence in the settlement of the above questions, affecting, as they do, their spiritual interests and hereditary predi lections. Hence the origin of Con gresses, in which all parties in the Church meet together and freely interchange their senti ments. Perhaps in such full and free discussion lies the solution of our present difficulties. 'Those difficulties have arisen principally from certain of the clergy who hold high views, especially concerning the Sacrament ef the Lords Supper. Considering that the 'inward and spiritual grace' of that holy ordinance had been unduly disparaged, they have sought not only by their sermons but by 'ornaments,' both of the 'church' and the 'minister,' to symbolize and show forth its dignity. They contend that they are justified in so doing by the existing 'ornaments' rubric and the Act of Uniformity of 1662. By their opponents they are charged with disloyalty to the Church of England, secret falling away to Rome, and insub ordination to their bishops as the over seers of the flock. Of their wisdom, prudence, and charity the gravest doubts are entertained, but it is hardly consistent with candour or justice to question their honesty. Very many of them are devoted, laborious, self-denying parochial clergymen, who carry with them in many cases the sympathy of their congregations. "In my retrospect of the last year I perceive three prominent topics of interest:—1. The rela tion assumed towards the State by the Vatican. 2\. The relation of Ritualism to the Ecclesiastical Law. 3. The attitude which some natural philosophers appear to have assumed towards supernatural revealed truth. I desire to speak with humility and calmness on these subjects. "1. Not long ago the world was startled by the 'expostulation' addressed by the late Prime Minister to the lay Roman Catholics of England, urging them to disavow the apparent limitation of their allegiance to the Crown by what are called the Vatican Decrees, viz , 'that the Supreme Pontiff has official authority to judge and to declare what alone is true and obligatory both in faith and morals. In mixed questions, there fore, of civil law and moral duty—such as marriage, education, political elections—it was thought that the consciences of Roman Catholics were placed under the constraining influence of their priesthood—that complications might arise in which the action of civil government would be seriously impeded and its authority paralysed.' Whatever truth there may be in these allega tions, it is certain that there was nothing new in the assertion of this power by Pius IX., for Boniface VIII, in the year A.D. 1302, issued a bull, beginning 'Unam sanctam,' &c.;, which clearly lays down the prin ciple that the 'temporal authority is subordinate to and dependent on the spiritual.' The latter judges the former, while itself is 'only judged of God.' (Fleury's Ecclesiastical History, A.D. 1302.) The bull then goes on to claim this spiritual authority for the Pope, as succesor of St. Peter, to whom it is said to have been given by Christ; therefore (so concludes the bull) it is 'of necessity to salvation that every human being should own submission to the Roman Pontiff.' In considering the terms of this bull, it is at once apparent that, though the spiritual man, in whom is the mind of Christ, has higher spiritual discernment in 'faith and morals' than the 'natural' man, yet he possesses no constraining secular power or jurisdiction over him. He may counsel and exhort; but to depose and interdict are acts of a different character. But if it be admitted that the Pope is infallible, the bull of Boniface is binding on his successors, and Pius IX, has asserted nothing new. Moreover that such authority resides officially and personally in the Pope, not in the Church, the body and spouse of Christ is mere assump tion: for the Apostles were equal in all spiritual gifts and co-ordinate in all Apostolic authority. The Royal Priesthood consists of the whole body of believers. In the inspired theocracy of the Hebrew people the Civil Lawgiver was divinely commissioned to arrange the whole structure and services of the Tabernacle as well as the vestments of the Priesthood. He solemnly in vested with them Aaron and his sons. The Kingdom of Christ was not of this world; but spiritually the twelve Apostles it was promised should sit upon twelve thrones judging the twelve tribes of Israel.—Matt. xx. 28. The theory of the Pope's supreme jurisdiction over all other Bishops derives no sanction from that promise. Again, the 'power of the keys,' if first given to Peter, was no less certainly given to the other Apostles.—Matt xviii. 17, 18. The eleven equally received the gift of the Holy Spirit. Our Lord breathed on them all, and said, 'Receive ye the Holy Ghost.' The same apostolic powers were then conferred. 'Whose soever sins ye remit they are remitted,' &c.; St. Paul tells the Corinthians twice that he was in nothing behind the very chiefest Apostles.—2 Cor. xi ,5, xii. 11. Accordingly he felt it his duty 'to withstand St Peter to his face because he was to be blamed.' St. Peter erred, that is in judgment and in consistency. He was neither mentally nor morally infallible, for towards the Gentiles he was guilty of 'dissimulation.' "We pass, naturally, from the relations of the Papacy to the State to the alleged violations of Ecclesiastical Law by certain of the clergy in regard to Ritual. No such alleged violation happily has been brought of late under my notice in this Diocese. I say happily, for sound judicial decisions on such cases under the various Acts of Parliament, or documents purporting to have legal force, are very difficult of attainment. I will therefore confine myself to some explana tory remarks, which may help earnest enquirers to a candid consideration of the charges made against the Ritualistic party, and their reply to such accusations. They are accused then (1) of departing from the principles of the English Reformers; (2), disaffection to the Church of England; and (3), secret adhesion to the beliefs and devotions of the Roman Church. The causes of suspicions are patent and manifold. The first is the use of terms derived from the Primitive Church, and common to the Anglican as well as well as Roman. The term 'Catholic,' for example, is used in our Liturgy, and does not mean Roman. In like manner, the terms priest, confession, absolution, sacrifice, altar, Real Presence, by no means have the same sense as when used by Roman Catholics. 2. The revival of services, rites, ceremonies, and institutions which had fallen into abeyance, such as daily services, weekly communions, special missions, retreats, guilds, 'sisterhoods.' Chris tian zeal and love newly awakened may need some such objective supports and outlets. 3. Devotional books for private use, translated from Roman Catholic authors, and not free from erro neous opinions and questionable forms of prayer. 4\. The adoption of special eucharistic vestments, emblematic crosses, the highly ornamented reredos, decorations and altar lights, and incense. The point at issue is this. Is such Ritualism in whole or in part contrary to the law of the Anglican Church—the outcome of false doctrine, and a preparative for secession to Rome? Ornate churches and rich ceremonial are no compensation for doctrinal error, a religion of form, or superstitious worship. The dogma which underlies the Eucharistic Ritualism is the 'effec tuous grace' or 'inward part' of the Sacrament While rejecting transubstantiation of the elements, and the natural corporeal presence of Christ in the 'host' or 'victim,' our Articles, Communion Office, and Catechism nevertheless teach that the bread and wine, when consecrated to sacramental uses, are 'effectuous' signs, and do make the faithful recipients, 'after a heavenly manner,' 'partakers of the body and blood' of Christ; that by means of them we do feed by faith on Christ, truly present, because 'made one with us,' 'taken and received verily and in deed' by our spirits, as they are 'given' (according to the 28th Article) by Christ after the heavenly manner (not 'gross or corporeal') of a spiritual body. Such is the way in which Bishop Andrewes and the Patristic school of theologians, interpreting our formularies while rejecting transubstantiation and the 'many superstitions' with which it is associated, main tained a 'Real' Presence in the sense of 'true' but not 'corporeal.' It is, then, easy to see how by the common use of this word 'real,' having two different meanings, the Anglican may be confused with the Roman doctrine. It is the same with the words 'sacrifice,' 'altar,' 'priest.' The Anglican sacrament is for the 'continual remembrance of the sacrifice of the death of Christ,' not the continual repetition of it. Our sacrament is 'a sacrifice of thanksgiving,' not of 'expiation for the quick and dead.' Our holy table is 'God's board'—an altar of praise, not propitiation; our priesthood not media torial, but the official representative ministry of the 'royal priesthood,' God's worshipping people. Throughout our communion office the people's priesthood, oblation, confession, and thanks giving are prominent. It is 'our alms and oblations.' 'We confess our manifold sins;' 'we do not presume to come to Thy table;' 'Grant us so to eat the flesh of Thy dear Son, and drink His blood, that' our 'useful bodies may be made clean by His body,' &c.;, 'command us to con. tinue a perpetual memory;' 'hear us;' 'grant that we may be partakers.' "Such is the tenor of the prayer of consecra tion, and the prayer of thanksgiving corresponds: — 'We Thy humble servants entirely desire;' 'our sacrifice;' 'we and the whole Church;' 'we offer ourselves, our souls and bodies;' 'although we be unworthy to offer unto Thee any sacrifice.' These expressions clearly show that the Anglican priesthood, altar, sacrifice, Real Presence have a different meaning from that taught in the missal and catechism of Trent. Bearing in mind, then, this essential difference of meaning, and the sanction given by the earliest Christian writers to such terms, as well as by great divines in our own Church in the seven teenth century, those who use them at the present day are not on that account disloyal to the Church of England. It may indeed be asked, why use them 'with offence?' The answer is that our Reformed Church, like the Old Catholics at the present time, was careful in separating from Rome to go back to primitive doctrine and usage of the one Catholic and Apostolic Church. To forego entirely such lan guage would be to break the continuity and historic connection of the Anglican with the Holy Catholic Church of the four first cen turies. For example, the account of the Lord's Day service and administration of the Holy Communion given by Justin Martyr, A.D. 150 (see Appendix), illustrates the above position, and shows how little the present teaching and lan guage concerning the Eucharist varies from that age. The principle, then, by which Ritualists must be judged by Churchmen is, 'Have they in their preaching, their vestments, their ornaments of the Church, their ceremonial, their books of private devotion gone beyond the line which the Church of England has drawn in her liturgy, offices, rubrics, and articles for the guidance and edification of her people? In the solution of this question both the clergy and laity of the Church of England, nay, the whole Protestant body of believers, are deeply interested. In the newly constituted Ecclesiastical Court and Supreme Judicature of Appeal it will probably find a final answer. Meanwhile, weary of the 'vestment and ornaments' discussion, to which matters an exaggerated importance has been given, we gladly turn to St. Paul's rules, 'Let all things be done to edifying, and all decently and in order.' Let the ritual of our Church be in harmony with the sober and solemn beauty of her liturgy. No more is wanted. "I pass to the last subject which calls for obser vation, namely, Biological Atomic Materialism. To the Stoic and Epicurean philosopher at Athens, in contradiction of their theories of nature, St Paul taught the old Hebrew belief of a personal creator—'Jehovah, not far from every oce of us; in whom we live, and move, and have our being.' Of late a naturalist of high standing has professed to 'discover the potentiality of every existing form of living being in primary atoms,' self-formed and 'endowed with every power of varied develop ment' The reader of the poet Lucretius recog nises his theory reproduced; but the 'how' his atoms came at first to be in shape, round, angular, and hooked; and 'why' some moved perpendicularly, others horizontally and diago nally, in order to combine; why their discord should end in harmony, their chaos result in oider, their fortuitousness produce adapta tion, their confusion terminate in law, their matter be sublimated into spirit, their deadness be animated into life, and then sen sation grow into mind and thought—these questions have been left unanswered by the modern experimentist as well as by the heathen poet. It is strange indeed that an experi mental scientist should abandon the safe ground of observation and induction to 'prolong his vision backward across the boundary of experimental evidence' and guess that there is in matter the 'promise and potency of every form and quality of life.' We venture to suspect that the intellect which can persuade itself of the identity of process in the crystallization of salt, the construction of the eye, and the composition of the Iliad, labours under some hallucination. Again, the theory of the development of organisms through the in fluence of their 'environment' was not unknown to the witty comic poet of Athens. He ridicules the natural philosophy of the day in the person of Socrates, teaching the dullest of pupils that 'subtle intelligence and' airy 'speculation' were the result of intimate converse with the 'clouds,' descending for the purpose from the mountains of Attica to meet the sage. It is necessary, however, for the Clergy, if they would still influence the intelligent and educated classes, to obtain a fair insight into these theories of the present time, if it be only to judge and point out to others how far experimental knowledge has really advanced, and what assertions are unproved or only half proved. To find out God to perfection through the study of nature, dis carding the light of revelation, will still be found impossible. God will still be the unknown God; and man will find 'no end in wandering mazes lost.' It is right, in conclusion, to state that the philosopher whose conception of primary matter has been quoted above, has since admitted that in the clearest periods of his intellectual musings the consciousness that there must be in the universe Intelligence of a higher order than his own is vivid. And in the same discourse from which his sentiments on matter have been taken he also affirms 'there are such things woven into the texture of man as the feeling of awe, reve rence, wonder, the love of the beautiful, physical and moral, in nature, poetry, and art There is also that deep-set feeling which since the earliest dawn of history incorporated itself in the religions of the world.' "Him, then, that 'the nations ignorantly worshipped' from feelings woven in the texture of their nature, 'the only begotten Son, who is in the bosom of the Father,' did by voluntary choice, as well as natural incarnation, declare. The fact that all the religions of the world have incorporated the idea of a Divine Being in worship—the fact that all the root languages of the world embalm that idea of a 'Spirit,' 'Almighty,' a 'Heavenly Father,' are as much facts of experience as any observed phenomena of nature. Theology, therefore, and religion have a scientific basis as much as any law of the material universe. I shall only add that while natural science pushed beyond its legitimate sphere may deteriorate the perception and functions of moral reason, it is necessary that modern education should embrace the study: to enable through generally diffused informa tion the public mind to judge how far theories of materialistic causation are borne out by a just generalization of facts, accurately observed and faithfully recorded. Far happier, far better for man is the belief that in God 'we live, and move, and have our being,' and that though 'the whole creation groaneth and travailath in pain,' being made 'subject to vanity,' yet that it shall eventually be 'delivered from the bondage of corruption unto the glorious liberty of the children of God.'' Appendix. Justin Martyr's description of the Primitive Christians' service on the Lord's Day and of Holy Communion:— "c. 85. When we have finished our prayers we salute one another with a kiss; after which there is brought to that one of the brethren who presides bread and a cup of wine mixed with water. And he, having received them, gives praise and glory to the Father of all things through the name of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, and gives thanks in many words for that God hath vouchsafed to them these things. And when he hath finished his praises and thanks giving, all the people who are present express their assent, saying 'Amen,' which in the Hebrew tongue implies 'So be it.' The President having given thanks, and the people having expressed their assent, those whom we call Deacons give to each of those that are present a portion of the bread which hath been blessed, and of the wine mixed with water, and carry some away for those who are absent. c. 86. And this food is called by us the Eucharist: of which no one may partake unless he believes that what we teach is true, and is washed in the laver, which is ap pointed for the forgiveness of sins and unto regeneration, and lives in such a manner as Christ commanded. For we receive not these elements as common bread or common drink; but even as Jesus Christ our Saviour, being made flesh by the Word of God, had both flesh and blood for our salvatien, even so we are taught that the food which is blessed by the prayer of the word which, came from Him, by the conver sion of which into our bodily substance our blood and flesh are nourished, is the flesh and blood of that Jesus who was made flesh: for the Apostles in the Gospels have related that Jesus thus commanded them, viz., that having taken bread and given thanks He said, 'Do this in remembrance of me ; 'This is my body;' and that in the like manner, having taken wine and given thanks He said, 'This is my blood;' and that He distributed them to these alone.—Chevallier's Translation, p. 275, 1833. "Note.—With reference to the theory of 'environment' developing organisms, see Aris tophanes' 'The Clouds,' v. 315. "Socrates instructs Strepsiades thus:— οὐράνιαι Νεφέλαι μεγάλαι θεαὶ ἀνδράσιν ἀργοῖς: αἵπερ γνώμην καὶ διάλεξιν καὶ νοῦν ἡμῖν παρέχουσιν, καὶ τερατείαν καὶ περίλεξιν καὶ κροῦσιν καὶ κατάληψιν. "Tr. The clouds of heaven are mighty divinities to feeble men; They bestow on us apprehension, reasoning, intellect; Marvel-mongering, mystification, the veri fying gift, the perceptive instinct "Note.—Real Presence.—Bishop Andrews, in his argument against Cardinal Bellarmine, ex plains the words 'This is my body' thus:—'We believe no less than you do in a true Presence. As to the manner of that Presence we are hot rash enough to define anything. Præsentiam credimus non minus quam vos vevam: de modo præsentire nil temere definemus.' It may help us to a conception of such a presence, not gross or corporeal, but after a 'spiritual manner,' if we consider St Paul's being caught up into the third heaven, whether in the body or out of the body he knew not; yet truly present there, and 'hearing unspeakable words,' although possibly in the body upon earth.' "Note.—Of the alleged supreme spiritual jurisdiction of St Peter we may also say that he himself knew nothing of it, for he exhorts 'the elders' among the 'strangers' in Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia, as 'being himself an elder.' With St John he was sent by the Apostles to Samaria.— Acts viii. 14. The Council of Jerusalem (Acts xv.), knew nothing of his supremacy. Polycarp, Irenæus, Cyprian, Bishops of Smyrna, Lyons, and Carthage, in the 2nd and 3rd centuries, knew nothing of it. Gregory, first Bishop of Rome, A.D. 601 reprobated the title of universal Bishop, and St. Leo, Bishop of Rome, AD. 450, in his sermons II., III., and on the Nativity, gives this interpretation of the 'power of the keys' granted to St Peter.—Matt. xvi. 19. In him all the Apostles and all other chief ministers of the Church received it. We need not scruple, then, to reject the Vatican declaration no less than the Bull of Boniface. It lacks scriptural authority; it lacks the witness of the Church from the beginning. BUSINESS MEETING. The meeting for the transaction of business took place in the Church Office, the Lord Bishop presiding. ATTEND CALL. The roll having been made up was found to be composed as follows:— Holy Trinity, Adelaide—Rev. Richardson Reid, Messrs. H. D. Holmes and J. 8. Sanders. Christchurch, North Adelaide—Ven. Arch deacon Marryat, M.A., Mr. F. Wicksteed, Hon. A. Blyth, and Mr. James Bath. St Luke's, Adelaide—Rev. J. Pollitt, Messrs. E. Cooke, V. Lawrance, S. R, Fox, and J. H. Cunningham. St Paul's, Adelaide—The Very Rev. Dean Russell, Hon. John Cox Bray, and Mr. W. J. Fullarton. St Paul's, Port Adelaide—Rev. S. Green, Messrs. H. Duncan and. T. J. King. St John's, Adelaide—Rev. F. S. Poole, B.A., and Mr. A. M. Wilson. St Bartholomew's, Norwood—Rev. W. B. Andrews, Messrs. J. E. Moulden and A. Spence. All Saints', Hindmarsh, and St Margaret's, Woodville—Rev. H.M. Pollitt and Mr. Benjamin Taylor. St Andrew's, Walkerville—Messrs. C. B. Young and F. Halcomb. St Matthew's Kensington—Rev. E. Jenkins, Messrs. E. W. Meredith and J. Howell. St. George's, Woodforde—Rev. A. Honner, Mr. H. D. Cruttenden. St Michael's, Mitcham—Rev. Henry Read, M.A., Messrs. N. Oldham and J. W. Lewis. St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond—Rev. W. H. Mudie, Messrs. G. W. Hawkes and J. H. Wiles. St Mary's, South-road, and Christchurch, O'Halloran Hill—Rev J. L. Smith, B.A., Messrs. B. H. Babbage and T. J. S. O'Halloran. St Peter's, Glenelg—Rev. Thomas Field, M.A., Messrs. E. M. DeMole and J. N. Taylor. St. Stephen's, Willunga, and St. Philip and St. James's, Noarlunga—Rev. E. K. Miller. St James's, Blakiston; Christchurch, Mount Barker; and St Thomas's, Balhannah—Rev. J. W. Gower, Messrs. John Forster and O. Weld St. George's, Gawler—Rev. Canon Coombs, Messrs. W. H. Lewis and T. O. Jones. Christchurch, Kapunda—Mr. W. Barlow. St. Mary's, Kooringa—Rev. H. Howitt, Messrs. M. MacDermott and A. Barker. St Jude's, Port Elliot—Rev. E. T. Howell, M.A. St John's, Mount Pleasant—Mr. W. S. Moore. Christchurch, Gambierton—Rev. J. F. Hocter. St Thomas's, Port Lincoln—Messrs. A. J. Tolley and R. Josling. Christchurch, Yankalilla—Rev. C. W. Morse, B.A., Mr. E. Lovelock. All Saints', Moonta—Rev. C. G. . Taplin, Messrs G. W. Sillifant and Thomas Evans. Holy Trinity, Riverton—Rev. J. Houghton. St. James's, Glenburn—Mr. James Lord. Imanuel, Clinkford—Mr. G. W. Byerlee. St Michael's Bungaree, and St Barnabas', Clare—Rev. J. A. Boake, B.A. St John's, Auburn—Rev. C. W. Hawkins, Mr. J. W. Castine. St Mary's, Wallaroo—Mr. J. B, Shepherdson. St, Martin's, Campbelltown—Mr. H. E. Downer. Holy Evangelists', Goolwa—Mr. G. E. DeMole. St Jude's, Brighton—Messrs. H. Duttonand S. C. Pearson. Holy Trinity, Lyndoch—Rev. R. B.Webb, M.A., Mr. John Sandland. The following Churches are not on the roll, but are included in this list to give status to the clergymen:—St Peter's Collegiate School—Rev. Canon Farr, M.A., Rev. F. Williams, M.A., Rev. W. Hey Sharp, M.A.; St. Mary's Penola— Rev. W. F. Marshall ; St Clement's Enfield— Rev. J. C. Haynes; St Matthew's, Poonindie— Rev. R. W. Holden; Holy Trinity, Melrose— Rev. H. Williams; Bishop's Chaplains—Revs. T. E. Ash, B.A., and H. J. Poole. APPOINTMENTS. The Rev. T. L. Field was appointed Reporter, the Rev. S. Green Clerical Secretary, and Mr. G. W. Hawkes Lay Secretary. ELECTION COMMITTEE. The following members were appointed the Election Committee:—The Very Rev. Dean Russell, the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, Messrs. H. E. Downer, C. B. Young, and G. W. Hawkes. REPORT ON THE DIOCESE. His Lordship read the following:— "In reviewing the occurrences of the past year they present the usual chequered character of life. It has been one of much anxious thought and labour, partly caused by the social changes through the operation of the land laws; and partly by the unsettling of Cures, through the departure, absence, illness, or death of some of the clergy. The 'care of all the Churches' has entailed much personal labour, correspondence, and solicitude to maintain services of vacant cures as well as furnish some—though inadequate—supply of missionary visits to the settlers in the agricultural areas and townships. I proceed to give a brief sum mary of the more prominent events:— "Material Progress.—St Alban's, Port Wake field; All Saints, Moonta; and St John's, Maitland, have been opened for Divine service; St Paul's, Port Adelaide, improved and reno vated; and St. Bartholomew's has been ceiled, and 63 sittings added, at an expense of over £300. The parsonages at Kensington, Yanka lilla, and Port Elliot have been added to, and rendered more commodious; one has been built at Auburn. The cathedral is advancing gradu ally towards completion, but in order to render it fit for service flooring and seats are required. A special offertory from each Church in the diocese would help materially towards supplying these requisites. The architectural beauty of Mr. Butterfield's design is now generally ad mitted, and the site sets off the building to the greatest advantage; backed as it is by the gentle wooded slope of North Adelaide, conspicuous on the approach to Adelaide from the Northern and Western railroads, connecting North and South Adelaide in the line of King William street, and visible from every part of the Plain of Adelaide. It also forms an object of beauty from the Botanic Park and Gardens. Whenever finished with its façade and towers, the build ing, from its style and height, will be the great ornament of the city. It is to be hoped that not many years will pass before efforts will be made by the public at large to complete the edifice. Amid the turmoil of business life many a spirit, it is hoped, may find repose and com fort within its walls at its daily services. "Clergy.—Passing from the material to the personal constituents of the Church, we have to lament with chastened sorrow the death of the Rev. W. Clayfield. He was taken to his rest last September, leaving a large district and numerous loving souls to lament their bereave ment. 'Though dead he yet speaketh' to those who knew him to live as purely and love as tenderly as he did. The Rev. L. Stanton received leave of absence, and has since resigned the charge of Kooringa. The Rev. W. Scott withdrew from the Diocese. These gaps in the ranks of the licensed ministry caused the absence of the Rev. G. Dove to be felt more severely, but during his stay in England he did muoh to plead the cause of this Diocese and interest many in its behalf. He was able to confer with several clergy, to select the Rev. E. T. Ash, of St. John's College, Cambridge, as Mission Chaplain, and, I trust, to induce two or more to take service also in the Diocese. Several, indeed, are wanted, but they must be men of faith, piety, and energy. None others can encounter and overcome the difficulties of colonial missionary clerical life. "Vacant Cures.—At the present time the Talunga Mission, with Mount Pleasant, Mount Torrens, and Woodside Churches; the 8trath albyn, including Langhorne's Creek and Wellington; the Meadows, Echunga, and Macclesfield; Port Augusta, and shortly also, St. Mary's, with Christ Church, O'Halloran Hill, and Brighton, are without incumbent ministers. "Missionary Clergy.—The shifting of the agricultural population to the new Areas has necessitated a modification of the parochial incumbency system. The congregations lessened in number of attendants have been unable to keep up the stipends of their ministers to a sufficient amount The clergy in some instances were compelled to accept new charges. It was impossible, how ever, to leave the older rural Churches without pastoral care while new townships springing up in the Areas have called loudly for the supply of clerical ministrations. This is a state of things likely to continue for some yean while the settlement of the Areas is going on. Two courses only are opea to the Church in this emergency—(1), to ordain a lower grade of clergy less educated and of a lower social standard; (2), or to call on serious-minded educated laymen as part of the 'royal priest hood' of the Christian Church to conduct ser vices as lay readers. To persons so disposed our Liturgy, with its selected Scripture lessons, affords an immense help. Our Church Hymn-Book and a volume of plain sound sermons will enable a congregation, though without an Incumbent, to sanctify the Lord's day. Combined with a system of pastoral visits from a District Missionary Clergyman, who shall administer the Sacraments, and visit from house to house, the population of the Areas may be retained in Christian habits of worship until the growth of the township shall enable a parochial ministry to be planted in the centres of the population. This system was commenced, on the death of the Rev. W. Clayfield, at Mount Pleasant, Mount Torrens, and Woodside. The removal of the Rev. F. S. Poole from Strath albyn to St John's, Adelaide, extended it to Stralhalbyn and Langhorne's Creek. The Rev. E. T. Howell inaugurated it suocesfully in the Broughton Areas. By the settlement of the Rev. Hartley Williams at Melrose, the townships of Laura, Jamestown, Gladstone, Georgetown, and Port Pirie will receive regular visitation at fixed periods, and the services I trust will be carried on during the interval by approved lay readers. At present the Talunga Mission is visited by the Rural Dean Canon Coombs, the Strathalbyn by the Rev. H. M. Pollitt. "Station Missions.—The return of the Rev. Canon Dove has enabled me to reorganize the Northern Mission. His well-known missionary work from Melrose to the Blinman, combined with his having refused choice preferment in England in order to continue his work amongst us, called for some recognition at my hands. I accordingly collated him to the Archdeaconry of Flinders, formerly so worthily filled by the late Archdeacon Twopeny. The stations formerly visited by Mr. Dove have gladly contributed to meet the mission expenses. On the North-East the Rev. H. Howitt has acceptably organized a partial missionary visitation, which he carried on until from the ravages of locusts and the dry ness of the season travelling became impossible from want of horsefeed. "Port Augusta. —I have been much disap pointed in not having bean able to obtain a suitable resident clergyman for this important place. Meantime occasional visits have been paid to it by various clergymen, and on the arrival of the Rev. E. T. Ash I was careful to send him thither on a visit, and to provide the populous mining township of Moonta with additional services. A resident minister should be settled at each as soon as possible. Much credit is due to Rev. C. G. Taplin for his minis terial services at Moonta, "Supply of Clergy.—From the above details it is evident that more missionary clergy are needed. I am in hopes that Mr. Dove's arrange ments made with three clergymen, in addition to Mr. Ash, will not fall through. Their passage money has been provided through the liberal grants of the Church of England Endowment, Society. I must not omit to state that two visits have been paid by the Rev. Charles Morse during the last twelvemonth to Kangaroo Island. At Kingscote and American River he officiated, and administered the sacraments. He reports a favourable progress and improvement among the children and elder population during the five years in which he has visited tne island. The mailboat passage across Backstairs Passage is often rough, and sometimes perilous. Mr. Morse had arranged on two occasions to visit Edithburgh and Lower Yorke's Peninsula. On both unexpected hindrances arose which prevented him from accomplishing the visit The west coast was visited last year by the Rev. W. Holden, of Poonindie, and it is hoped that the Rev. Canon Farr will be able to repeat his journey to Streaky Bay during the present year. The South-Eastern District has undergone considerable changes, tending, as in other parts, to shift the population. Lacepede Bay and the railroad to Narracoorte have half emptied Robe Town. The drainage works have gathered a considerable population on Mount Muirhead Flats; and the township of Millicent is growing into a busy place. A railroad is pro jected trom Mount Gambier to Rivoli Bay. An additional clergyman should be stationed in this district. The Rev. F. Hocter finds full occupation in Gambierton and its neighbour hood, while Mr. Marshall is over-worked with the charge of Narracoorte, Penola, Robe Town, and Lacepede Bay. "Training of Clergy.—The increasing demand for clergy in England through the division of parishes, the building of new churches, the multiplication of services, the extension of mis sionary labour among the heathen possessions of Great Britain, the ampler provision also made for the payment both of curates and incumbents, have rendered it more difficult than ever to procure from home a sufficient supply of thoroughly-educated clergy and University men. Those of a different stamp are not acceptable in an active-minded, intelligent, earnest population like ours. Inferior men are not wanted; superior men can with difficulty be got from England. We must, therefore, en deavour to educate ministers ourselves. "Theological Students.—In order to encourage serious young men to fit themselves for the ministry various plans have been devised. It is a part of the foundation of St Peter's Collegiate School, in return for the grant of £2,500 made by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge, that rooms should be provided for four theo logical students. To help them in their education between 20 and 23, the age for the Diaconate, a pension of £50 per annum has been provided for three, who shall be ap proved by the Bishop. The first condition required is that they should have passed the local Institute examination or the matriculation examination for the Melbourne University, or the examination, for the Civil Service in England. Messrs. Spicer and Bussell have fulfilled their conditions, and are actual pensioners, receiving £50 per annum. Mr. Spicer is studying at the University of Mel bourne. "Theological Tutor.—In view of training young men in theology, as candidates for Holy Orders, I applied to the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge to aid in the endowment of such a tutorship in connection with the Cathedral. By last mail I received the gratifying intelligence that a grant of £500 had been made on condi tion that a like sum was raised in the colony. The Church Endowment Society and the Attorneys of the Society for the Propa gation of the Gospel have generously assisted me in this project, the former by a vote of £300, and the latter by one of £200. By the outgoing mail, I was able to announce to the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge Board the fulfilment of the con dition. There will then be invested during the present year £1,000 for the stipend of a Theo logical Tutor to be appointed by the Bishop. So far then as human means are concerned in the prospect of procuring from time to time young men as ministers for the service our Church is by no means hopeless. Let us, how ever, never forget that it is not ours to inspire the necessary longing for the spiritual work. 'The harvest is plenteous; the labourers are few.' How is this deficiency to be supplied? 'Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest that He will thrust forth labourers into the har vest.' Then only can we hope for theological students or ministers 'full of faith and the Holy Ghost.' "It will be seen, then, from the foregoing summary that the labours, anxiety, cares, and exertions to keep the machinery ot the Church at work, though with diminished numbers and increasing demands, have not been altogether unsuccessful, though far below the standard of true efficiency. There is, however, one point which I view with peculiar gratification, and which will be satisfactory to the clergy, as it is full of hope for the true growth of the Church. The number of candidates confirmed from 31st March, 1874, to 1st April, 1875, was 456. I administered the rite in 26 churches, the more distant being Clare, Kooringa, Port Lincoln, Goolwa, Moonta, Glenburn. The total number exceeds the average of the last three years by 125\. I have also the satisfaction of stating that the reverent demeanour of the young people and their voluntary attendance at the Lord's table afterwards convinced me of the anxious and prayerful instruction which they had received at the hands of their respective clergymen. "In the history of the Church of England in this colony during my episcopate of nearly 25 years I have often been reminded of that passage in the Prophet Zechariah, ch. v, 'That the light shall not be clear nor dark—not day nor night— but it shall come to pass that at evening tide it shall be light' (Zech. xiv. 6, 7). Light enough to cheer with hope, dark enough to demand watchfulness unto prayer with labour and perse verance. " 'Every plant which my Father hath not planted shall be rooted up' is the irreversible doom of the unfruitful fig-tree. We have been spared hitherto; may tho Dresser of the Vine jard dig about and prune our Church that it may bring forth more fruit. So shall it be to the praise of His grace and the saving of many souls. In the meantime I am looking for ward to that day when we may bring forth the top stone of our Cathedral 'with shoutings;' but the building up of the spiritual Temple should be ever the first subject of our thoughts, and to build in lively stones into that edifice which is spiritually founded on the Apostles and Prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner-stone." The Very Rev. Dean Russel moved:—"That the thanks of the Synod are due to His Lordship the Bishop for his valuable Pastoral Address aad Report, which, with the Statistical Returns, when complete, be printed in the Report." He referred in terms of gratification to the nature ot the Address, which was particularly appropriate to the times. The motion was seconded by Mr. G. W. Hawkes, and carried unanimously. OTHER REPORTS. The following Reports are published in a con densed form:— REPORT OF STANDING COMMITTEE. "The Committee considered it desirable that a maximum rate of £15 and a minimum of £1 5s. should be fixed. They recommend that to raise this amount the assessment this year be eightpence per sitting let, or where no sittings are let, on the Stipend Fund, reckoning each £1 as a sitting let. They have prepared a table calculated on this basis, which will produce a revenue of £240 9s. 8d., proposing that the pro viding for the balance of £8 0s. 4d. or any further amount that may be occasioned by the non-payment of any assessment for by a possible excess in estimate of expenditure or by ex traneous aid. "Schedule C—The following Churches are placed in Schedule C after June 30, 1875, having been in Schedule A more than 16 years:—St. Mark's, Penwortham; St. Mary's, Kooringa; St. Martin's, Campbelltown; St. Barnabas, Clare; St. Jude's, Port Elliot; St. John's, Salisbury. They recommend that the following Churches be placed in Schedule C after June 30, 1876:—St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln, 14½; St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond, 13½; St. Thomas's, Balhannah, 14½; not Christchurch, Kadina, being self-supporting; not All Saints, Moonta, being self-supporting. The only Churches that have appealed being St Thomas's, Balhannah, and Christchurch, Kadina. "Synodal Expenses.—They are happy to state that the assessment for 1874-75 has been sufficient to cover the expenditure and reduce the balance due at the end of last year from £30 to £13 10s., which amount they have borrowed from the Vacant Cures Fund. To attain this object they have obtained from the attorneys of S.P.G.thesumof £7 5s. 1d. as a gift. They are happy to state that every Church assessed has paid excepting Salisbury. "Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund.—The trustees published a balance-sheet to June 30, 1874, in the last report, and now report progress. "Table of Collections, &c.;—They furnish a table showing the amount received from each Church for the various funds and the amounts paid as grants in aid of clerical incomes:— Received ... 1873-4 ... 1874-5. Synodal assessment ... £145 10 0 ... £190 0 0 Home Mission ... 233 11 1 ... 280 16 0 Mission to heathen ... 119 6 3 ... 142 8 6 Paid Grants in aid to clerical incomes ... 664 13 6... 628 18 1 "Home Mission Fund.—They are happy to report an increase in the collections, and to show that they have paid the grant in aid of stipends at full scale. This has been effected for the first time for many years by increase of amounts col lected and by handsome contributions from Lady Young and the Incorporated Church of England Endowment Society, and also the special subscriptions received in answer to the Vicar-General's circular. "Mission to Heathen.—They are happy to call attention to the increase under this head. They regret to observe that some Churches have made no collections, although there is a con tinued slight improvement in the number of Churches contributing. They have divided that portion of the funds placed at their discretion equally between the Melanesian and Lacepede Bay Missions. "Endowment of Churches.—They report that no Churches have been endowed this year, but that the Incorporated Church of England Endow ment Society have now a sum available for that purpose. "Statistical Returns.—They regret that there has been more negligence than ever in sending the returns, and the insufficient manner in which some of them are made up. The fact is, the Secretary has found it impossible to prepare a return up to the present time, the printer pointing out the difficulty (in the way of addi tional expense) that would result in making out a partial return; and they think it desirable that this matter be considered by Synod." POONINDIE NATIVE INSTITUTION. Annual report of Mr. Hawkes to his co trustees for 1874:— "My numerous engagements have prevented me from making my annual visit of inspection during the year ending March 31, 1874. I hope, however, to be able to spare a week before Christmas. I have every reason to be satisfied with the accounts I receive weekly, and the returns made by Messrs. Holden and Newland. "The subject of most interest in connection with the Mission Station during the past year has been the ordination of Mr. R. W. Hoiden as Deacon in March last. It has always been my wish that the Mission should be superin tended by a gentleman in Holy Orders. In con sequence of the severe attack of illness Mr. Holden suffered from last April, his medical ad visers ordered rest from work and change of air. Two months' leave of absence have been, there fore, granted to him. He purposes visiting the other colonies. A sum of money has been voted to enable him to do so. "The engagement of Mr. Wm. Blackmore as schoolmaster was necessitated from the in creased number of natives at the Station, causing the time of Mr. Holden to be continually occupied with management business and keep ing accounts. The trustees are to be congratu lated on having secured in the person of Mr. Blackmore the services of one in every way qualified to discharge the duties assigned to him, and also to supply Mr. Holden's place during his absence. "The mission has been visited during the year by the Revs. W. H. Sharp and Samuel Green, who, accompanied by an 'Eleven' of the College boys, played a return match at cricket with the natives of Poonindie, whom, I am proud to say, were on this occasion the victors. I received very satisfactory accounts from both clergymen, who inspected the schools and held services in the Mission Church. "The Rev. George Taplin, Superintendent of the Point Macleay Mission, has visited the Station and remained there one week. His report is so gratifying to me that I add it to this as an appendix, as I feel it will be appreciated by all friends of mission work, coming as it does from one who has gained so much experience of the character and habits of our aborigines. Mr. Taplin has lately published a valuable work on the 'History, Manners and Customs, Language and Mythology of the Natives of the Lakes and Lower Murray;' it is a useful and most inte resting production. I subscribed for six copies for our institution. "Appended is a paper giving the numbers and other particulars relative to the natives living at the Station. "The quantity of land that has been in culti vation at Poonindie up to March 31, 1874, is 392 acres; cleared, grubbed, and ready for plough, 80 acres; land under crop with wheat in January last, 180 acres; land under crop for hay same date, 20 acres. There are 110 acres of land lying in fallow, to be sown next year. The lambing for year ending March 31, 1873, was 84 per cent. "A statement of the accounts for the part year, with balance-sheet, shows a profit of £520 2s. "In conclusion I have only to add an expres sion of entire confidence in the zeal, ability, and good management in their respective depart ments of the Rev. O. Hammond, Rev. R. W. Holden, and Mr. Watts Newland. I desire also to acknowledge the valuable services and hearty co-operation of Mrs. Holden in the work of the institution." "Statistics for Acting Trustee's Report of financial year ending March 31, 1874. "There were 87 natives residing in the Insti tution on the 81st March, 1874:—Workmen and working lads on Farm and Station, 27; women more or less employed, 18; girls and female infants, 26; boys and male infants, 16. Atten dance at day-school, 23; marriages during the year, 1; births, 6 ; baptisms, 7 children; ad mitted into the institution, 14 ; native commu nicants, 30; boys left school for work, 8; white labourers employed, 3. Amount subscribed as thank-offerings by the natives during the year, £37 17s.—R. W. Holden, Superintendent, P.N.I." "The Rev. H. J. Poole reported:—'Having had the pleasure of spending a few days at Poonindie, and been requested to examine and report upon the institution, I hand you the result of my inspection. I was gratified with what I saw, and have reason to believe that a great measure of success is being attained. I spent about 12 hours altogether in the examina tion of the school. I found 33 scholars in atten dance, of whom seven were male adults and the rest children—13 boys and 18 girls. All the children attend school four hours a day, and I also found 16 of them there in the evening during the time when the adults are there, i.e., for about an hour and a quarter. In religious knowledge I found the adults backward in their answers, though they were probably much more proficient than they appear to be; but out of 19 children I found the majority exhibiting good evidence of careful instruction in a portion both of the Old and New Testaments. The Catechism has also been taught, in part at least, to some of the scholars. The children were generally clean and tidy in appearance, though a few had not their hair properly combed, and a few their clothing somewhat out of repair. The adults were also clean and tidy. The discipline seemed good, and the scholars appeared to regard their master, Mr. Blackmore, with proper esteem and respect. The general intelligence was fair. Having examined the register I found the regularity of attendance satisfactory. I have only further to remark that I should like to hear of the younger scholars being taught mechanical employment. Sunday-school is held twice a day for a portion of the children and adults, and my remarks upon the religious knowledge were partly grounded upon an ex amination of the adult class in it. I believe that the Superintendent holds a Bible class for some of the adults. The attendance at the Sunday-school appeared by the register to be extremely satisfactory. The register showed the attendance both on Sundays and week days to be remarkably satisfactory. I administered the Holy Communion early on Sunday to 14 natives, whom I also addressed in a short sermon. I also preached on a week day evening and twioe at the usual services on Sunday, and in a few parting words on the day I left. The behaviour of all was good, and their manner attentive. The singing did great credit to Mrs. Holden. I conceive the religious tone of the people as a whole to be good. It appears to me as if the judicious treatment pursued, the regular life, and the amusements permitted and encou raged made the blacks much attached to the institution. It is my duty and pleasure to speak highly of Mr. Holden's efficiency as Chaplain and General Superintendent. I have formed the opinion that both he, Mr. Newland, and Mr. Blackmore are the right men in the right place.' " REPORT OF THE EDUCATION COMMITTEE. "The Committee beg to repeat the request made by a former Education Committee, that the Lord Bishop would take into consideration the advisability of issuing a pastoral address on the need of establishing Church schools wher ever possible.—A. Honner. NATIVE MISSION, LACEPEDE BAY. "During the past year there has been an average attendance at the school of from eight to twelve children of ages varying from five to thirteen, of whom the Superintendent, Miss Armstrong, gives a favourable report. During the year the school has been inspected by the Rev. W. F. Marshall, and also by the Acting Hon. Secretary, who found things in a satisfactory state. A Local Committee has been formed at Kingston, who will render to Miss Armstrong any advice or assistance, and by whom sub scriptions will probably be collected during the present year. In addition to the usual rations the Government have agreed to make an annual allowance of £20 for the purpose of buying butchers' meat, as it is absolutely necessary to the health of the children. During the year four children were sent to the Poonindie Institu tion. There are now two girls of from 16 to 18 years of age, who were educated in the school, who are anxious either to go to Poo nindie or to obtain situations in Adelaide. The balance-sheet shows that by the liberal assistance of the Trustees of the Poonindie Institution, the contributions from the several Churches, and the Government subsidy, with a few private donations, the funds have been about equal to the expenditure, leaving only a small balance against the Mission. There are at the present time 11 children boarding at the school, who are instructed in reading, writing, arithmetic, and geography, and are acquainted with con siderable portions of the Old and New Testa ments, in which they have daily instructions, as well as the Church Catechism and hymns. The girls learn needlework, and the eldest assist in the household duties. The conduct of all is reported as good.—C. B. Young, Acting Hon. Sec." REPORT OF THE DESTITUTE CHILDREN COMMITTEE. "This Committee beg to report that in their opinion the regulations for the management of destitute children contain nothing to prevent the Board acceding to the Bishop's request for the names and addresses of children registered as belonging to the Church of England, and placed out under the auspices of the Board; and moreover that the regulations contain nothing to justify the Board's refusal to give them. They therefore beg to recommend that a second appli cation be made, and in the event of a similar reply being received that a petition be presented to the House of Assembly, praying it to order a half-yearly return to be made to the Lord Bishop. With regard to the special purpose for which this Committee was appointed, they beg to report that having held several meetings, and haviig carefully considered what steps are advi sable for establishing a Church Orphanage, they are unable to suggest a practicable scheme for providing the necessary funds without further testing the feeling of Churchmen, and they therefore recommend that a public meeting be convened to consider the question of establish ing a home for orphan and destitute children of the Church of England.— A. Honner." REPORT OF ELECTION COMMITTEE. "The Election Committee lay before you the roll of Synod for the Session 1875-76. They have received applications from St. John's, Maitland, to be represented in Synod, but as the title is under the Real Property Act, and not vested in Synod, they cannot recommend that it be placed in the roll of churches entitled to send representatives to Synod. With respect to All Saints', Moonta, some difficulty has arisen. The old church was in union with Synod, but really a new church has been erected on another piece of land in the Town of Moonta, the title of which is under the Real Property Act. By resolution of Synod no church can be admitted to repre sentation in cases where the land is under the Act, unless the property is vested in Synod; but your Committee are informed that steps are being taken to at once transfer and vest the property in Synod, and therefore they recommend that the irregularity be not noticed at present, but that in the event of the land not being transferred before the Synodal meeting of 1876 the congregation be informed that no Synodsman will be allowed to represent such Church. There is also a little irregularity in the fact that no formal separation of the united Parish of Kadina, Wallaroo, and Moonta has taken place.—A. Russell, Chair man." MELANESIAN MISSION. "The Treasurer of the Melanesian Mission reported that a sum of £224 12s. 6d., inclusive of £10 from Perth, Western Australia, had been collected during the year ending April 21, 1875. The annual report of the Mission for 1874 had been received from Auckland and circulated among the clergy and subscribers in it. A very interesting and full account was given of the progress of the Mission." ELECTION OF OFFICERS. The following officers were elected:—Trea surers—Messrs. H. Dutton and A. Spence ; Auditors—Messrs. H. D. Cruttenden, and H. H. Thomas. Standing Committee—The Very Rev. the Dean, the Ven. the Archdeacon, the Rev. S. Green, W. B. Andrews, T. Field, H. M. Pollitt. C. W. Morse, the Hon. A. Blyth, Dr. Gosse, Messrs. G. W. Hawkes, C. B. Young, F. Wicksteed, W. Barlow, H. D. Cruttenden, N. Oldham, H. K. Downer, J. W. Downer, A. Spence, G. W. Sillifant, H. Dutton, F. Halcomb; Assessors—The Rev. the Dean, Archdeacon Marryat, Canon Coombs, the Rev. S. Green, W. B. Andrews, and C. W. Morse; Messrs. C. B. Young, A. Spence, G. A. Connor. G. W. Sillifant, S. C. Pearson, and G. E. DeMoIe. Church Advocate—Mr. Wm. Barlow; Representatives to General Synod—The Very Rev. the Dean, the Ven. Archdeacon Marryat, the Rev. S. Green, and Messrs. W. Barlow, C.B. Young, and H. E. Downer. MEMBERSHIP OF SYNOD. On the motion that the report of the Election Committee for 1875 be adopted, The Rev. S. Green moved an amendment that the portion of the report referring to St. Luke's be referred to the new Committee upon the ground that two of the Synodsmen were not in full communion. The Secretary stated that in the return sent in by Mr. Pollitt the word 'full' had been struck out. The Rev. S. Green thought it was a grave offence for any clergyman to take upon himself to alter the terms which described the legal manner in which a thing should be done. The amendment was carried. ADOPTION OF REPORTS. Mr. F. Wicksteed moved—"That the reports of the Standing Committee and Missionary, Education, and Destitute Children Committees be received, taken as read, and published in report." Carried. Mr. Wicksteed moved—"That the balance sheet of the Treasurers of Synod for the year ending Easter, 1875, and the progress account of the Trustees of the Clergy Widow and Orphan Fund be received, adopted, and published in report." Carried. Mr. Wicksteed moved—"That the thanks of Synod be given to the attorneys of the S.P.G., the Trustee of Allen's P. A. Fun, the Trustees of the Poonindie Native Institution, the Com mittees of the Church of England Endowment Society, the Melanesian Mission, Lacepede Bay Native Mission, and the Diocesan Library for their reports and statistical returns, and that they be received and published in the report." Carried. Mr. Wicksteed moved—"That the assess ment for Synodal expenses be as proposed by the Standing Committee." Dean Russell moved as an amendment— "That the Synod does not agree to that por tion of the Standing Committee's report which imposes a scheme of assessment for the ensuing year, based on the principle of rating on sittings let." The Rev. F. S. POOLE seconded. The Very Rev. the Dean advocated an alter native scheme, based upon a general estimate of the capabilities of each congregation. After some discussion the amendment was negatived. An amendment by the Dean, striking out the maximum, was agreed to. A proposal by Mr. S. C. Pearson, to reduce the assessment on St. Jude's, Brighton, to the former rate, was negatived, and the motion carried with the addition of the words 'for the present year only.' EDITING REPORTS. On the motion of Mr. Wicksteed, the Rev. F. S. Poole, Messrs. G. W. Hawkes and A. Spence were appointed a Committee to edit the reports of Synod, with the instruction to incur as little expense as possible. CHURCH PROPERTY. Leave was granted to Mr. Wicksteed to bring in a measure "That in the case of congregations seeking to send representatives to Synod the land whereon the church stands being under the provisions of the Real Property Act, it shall be absolutely necessary that the certificate of title be in the name of The Synod of the Church of England in the Diocese of Adelaide, Incor porated." The House having gone into Committee, the Rev. Mr. Morse, although he thoroughly agreed in the spirit of the resolution, thought it was unwise to make it imperative, as some Churches which had their property vested in the Bishop and several trustees would rather have it remain so. Mr. H. E. Downer said the measure would not affect cases where there were already trust deeds; but incase of land under the Real Pro perty Act there was no recognition of trusts, and great difficulty might be occasioned. The Rev. Canon Farr pointed out that the same difficulty had arisen in regard to country Institutes, and a Bill was passed to set the matter right in a similar way to what the Synod proposed. His Lordship said he thought it a most alarming state of affairs that churches held under the Real Property Act might be sold without the know ledge of the persons to whom the property really belonged. The resolution was agreed to, and made a "regulation non-fundamental." AID TO CHURCHES. On the motion of Mr. Wicksteed, the fol lowing Churches were placed in Schedule C after June 30:—St. Thomas's, Port Lincoln; St. Saviour's, Glen Osmond. EDUCATION. The Rev. A. Honner moved—"That the scheme for the formation of a Board of Edu cation in connection with the Church of England as drawn up by a late Committee (see report, VoL III., p. 14, May, 1872) be adopted, and that a Committee be now appointed to make the necessary arrangements for the carrying out of the scheme." They all were aware that the instruction of the children was one of the most important things they could take in hand, and in order that it might be done he proposed the resolution. He hoped yet to see St. Peter's School in connection with the Synod. His Lordship said he did not like to be anta gonistic to the object Mr. Honner had in view; but the scheme, be thought, was beyond the Church. In the new Areas, particularly, the want of schools was greatly felt, and although the residents in a locality could raise £100 or £150 they could not raise the whole sum. He waited anxiously to see what the new public education system would be, and thought it very likely that the feeling which had been mani fested so strongly in England and Scotland might react upon the view in favour of secularity put forward here. Dr. Gosse agreed with the spirit of the motion; but on the ground of expediency pre ferred to wait and see the result of the con sideration which would undoubtedly be given to the education question in the coming Parlia ment. He moved the previous question. The Rev. Mr. Houghton said the scheme would if it was worth anything cost thousands of pounds, and he thought it would be quite impracticable. He seconded the previous ques tion. Mr. Honner withdrew his motion. DESTITUTE CHILDREN. The Rev. A. Honner moved—"That a second application be made to the Chairman of the Destitute Board for returns of Church of England children adopted or boarded out, or sent out to service from any of the Government institutions, be sent to the Lord Bishop; and that in the event of a refusal a petition be presented to the House of Assembly, praying it to order a half-yearly return to be made to the Bishop." It might be thought by many that he had taken an undue interest in the children, but when he saw how lukewarm a feeling there was in the Synod for the welfare of the children generally be thought he was quite justified in his stubborn proceedings. (A laugh.) Every effort had been made to allow the Bishop to have the names of Church of England children furnished to him, in order that they might be ministered to by their religious guardians, but it was refused. Why it was refused so per sistenily was more than he could understand. He therefore moved the motion. He thought there was nothing so fearful as the fact that these poor children were debarred the privi leges of their religion, being sent as they were perpetually to several people of different religions in a year, so that the children's idea of Christianity became thoroughly jumbled, and they very often lost their names. (Laughter.) He spoke to one little girl at the Orphanage by her original name, and she did not know it. He maintained that was not the sort of treat ment they ought to have, and hence be moved the motion. The Rev. Canon Farr said the motion implied an application by the Bishop, to which there might have been a reply accompanied by reasons for non-compliance, and that no slight was intended. If the Bishop wished a second appli cation to be made, and wished the support of Synod, he should be happy to lend him all the support Synod could give. On the other hand, unless the Bishop asked it, he thought it would be unwise to carry a resolution to ask Parlia ment for what he was sure they would never give—namely, an order to a Government officer to make a return half-yearly to a person not a Government officer. (Hear, hear.) If Synod was to do anything at all in this matter, let it act with the greatest consideration, and not so to get unnecessarily snubbed. (Hear, hear.) His Lordship read the reply which was sent from from the Education Board promising to give the names of children to be Boarded out in future, in order that the clergy might name persons, whom they considered suitable to take charge of the children, and so assist the object of the Board. All who knew anything of work house life would rejoice and thank God for the new system which had been set on foot giving the children the advantage of family associa tions. They could not expect the Government to do more than they had promised, because if they gave a return to him they would be bound to give it to the representatives of other religous bodies also, and he hoped no such application as that proposed would be made. He thought that the Government had fairly met their claim. The Rev. S. Green said if the Education Com mittee had known His Lordship did not consider the letter a slight they would probably not have recommended what they had done. (Hear hear.) Dean Russell said that although at first suspicious of the action of the Board, he had from later experience become quite satisfied as to the manner in which the system was carried out. The Rev. Mr. Houghton, who had acted as guardian for several children, also expressed his entire approval. The Rev. Mr. Honner replied, stating his opinion that the boarding-out system was not the best for South Australia, and that children suffered by being removed from the Asylum, where they had the best teaching and were pro perly cared for. The motion was carried by a large majority. MAITLAND AND MOONTA. On the motion of the Rev. S. Green, All Saints', Moonta, and St. John's, Maitiand, were declared a united parish, and a Committee appointed to define the boundaries and recom mend the same to Synod. The Synod adjourned at 10 o'clock till next day at 3. 