SANDHURST. [FB03I OUR Ottr>* CORRESrOXDEXT.J oaturdaj', 5tli June. Messrs. L. Macpherson and Co. reportUnbroken J Stock—None forward. Broken in Stock A small number of horses were entered, but as there was a \ery j limited attendance, they proved quite sufficient tor : our requirements. The horse-trade continues extremely | dull, but we have no alteration to quote in prices or 1 first- class horses of any description. Fat Cattle-- ' Prices high, say from 32s 6d to 35s per 100 lbs ; supply very short. Fat calves are in demand at high njrures. Stores are improving in price and demand. Milch cows are very saleable at satisfactory prices, but it is % impossible to sell a great deal of the rubbish that i« •brought forward; and on which absurd reserves of £8 and £9 are placed, the animals being often dear at £4. Sheep sold well, few fit for the butcher bung forward ; wethers made to IGs, ewes to 10s. [Railway Refreshments—iEgles in the Australasian remarks " Atraveller 011 one of . the Government railways within the last few days returned to town with a very mean opinion ■of the refresliment-rooms. At one place he asked for coffee, but was refused access to the sugar basin, " because," said the lady in atten dance, " it is already sufficiently sweetened.' His next venture was a chop of such singularly meagre dimensions that he courteously besought the attendant to furnish him with a piece of paper. In this lie proceeded to carefully wrap the phantom chop. She eyed him curiously, and at length said, " What are you doing that for 1" " Oh !" said he, " I am going to prove to the Commissioner of Railways how un bounded are the aspersions levelled at this re freshment station." ELe then obtained a capital grill." . An Expensive Luxury.—Mark Twain re lating the death of Dan Murphy, during the late American war says, that after his death. " the boys in testimony of their respect and esteem, telegraphed to Mrs. Murphy (who was some what penurious as well "as lovinq towards her spouse) to know if she would like to have him embalmed and sent home ; when- you know the usual custom was to dump a poor devil like him into a shallow hole, and then inform his friends what had become of him. Sirs. Murphy jumped to the conclusion that it would only cost two or three dollars to embalm lier dead husband, and so she telegraphed ' Yes.' It was at the ' wake' that the bill for embalming arrived, and was presented to the widow. She uttered a wild sad . wail that pierced every heart, and said, ' Sivinty foive dollars for stuffin' Dan, blister their sowls ! Did thim divils suppose I was goin' to start a Museim, that I'd be dalin' in such expensive curiassities ! There was not a dry eye in the house." Kangarooixg.—On Monday last (states the 'Pastoral Times) there was a hunt at Mr. M'Laurin's station, Morocco, near Deniliquin, when a number of kangaroos were killed, and an " old man," hard pressed, after having first jumped on the back of one of the horses with the view of pulling off the rider, took to a water liole, dogs and men after liim. The former kept at arm's length from the old fellow, but the dogs, less cautious, as each ventured near him, he clutched one in his arms, holding the dog under water until half drowned ; the imprisoned dog escaped, howling most piteously. However, dogs and men were too many for the brave old fellow, who was eventually clubbed and torn to death. In tlio destruction of the kangaroo, surely something should be made of their skins. It seems a great waste of the. raw material to allow them to pass as rubbish, or rot away. Ridiculously Low Price for. Souls.—In an article on the Ghosts of Modern Spiritism the Saturday Review makes the following amusing references to currently believed transactions with the devil in past ages:—" The devil of the 17th century belonged to a very inferior type. He appeared as a hedgehog, as a black dog, as a man in black, and dealt in the smallest sums. Sixpence seems to have been the amount he usually gave his votaries on receiving what they considered to be their souls, and upon one occasisn he only gave 4id. at the conclusion of a bargain. Considering the improvement that has been effected in the condition of the.country gentleman and the agricultural labourer, it is not too much to say that experiences of this nature cannot be contemplated by the most sanguine and most eager as likely; to occur.again; the sums which wiil change hands will hav6 to be far larger, and villages in Somersetshire cannot hope to be Similarly favoured when the rise of populous, towns is taken into consideration. When the'devil was constantly in the midst of the uninformed and the ignorant, there was nothing for him to do. There would be little difficulty in finding him employment at the present time. Instead of cleaving the Eildon hills in three, or building ricketty bridges across country streams, he might be fitly employed in cleansing our rivers, and if his endeavours were attended with success, no one would grudge him a-local board or two or a corporation', fox his pains." \ /... The Cares of Business.—It is reported that a man went home at about 3 o'clock a.m., and using his \imbrella for a billiard-cue, smote his sleeping wife with it, crying, " Pool!" arid sank into slumber. He has since explained to his wife that women can have no idea ; how, the cares of busiuess will sometimes affect a man's brain. Singular Action.—A Bradford solicitor, named Robinson, has recovered £1 from the Midland Railway Company, in the County Court, under very singular circumstances. T.'.king a ticket from Ilkley to Bradford by the last train, he found the only smoking compart ment filled with ladies. While remonstrating with an official, the train started, and he was compelled to hire a cab. 