A CASE OF SPIRITS. Spiriti are not finely touched, But to find issues. Measure for Measure. Ha ! ab ! vewy fine issues — Ah ! jolly fine measures ! Ya-as. — Dundreary. Thk Eev. J. A. Nolan was, last week, charged before Sydney Punch, Esq., J. P., with trafficking in disembodied spirits, without a license. The ghostly father, having put in an apparition, was called upon to plead, when he objected to the jurisdiction of the Court as having no cognizance of spiritual matters. The Presiding Magistrate, after fortifying his nerves with a " wee drap" of his own unapproachable brewage, and thereby also convincing the defendant of the invalidity of his objection, remarked that it was established by numerous authorities, that "matter" and "spirit" were totally different things, and therefore he held that the phrase " spiritual matters " involved a contradiction in terms. However, it didn't matter a pin, as he was not in the spirit to allow any bar to his Supreme Jurisdiction. The case of spirits was then broached, and the discussion of it pro ceeded with. The local parajjraphist of the Evening News of Dec. 9th deposed that, on the evening previous to that date, he and some other choice spirits " attended a highly interesting lecture on ' Ghosts ' delivered in the Wesleyan Church in William-street," by the rev. defendant. " The lecturer related numerous ghost stories which he designated as shams." This the deponent considered a shame, as he saw no reason to disbelieve in spirits of any description — black spirits or white, red spirits or grey. " The lecturer then spoke of the ghost stories in the Bible, which he believed to be true ; and also gave several recitals of English and Australian ghost stories — especially the well-known story of Fisher's ghost at Campelltown — which he heid to be authentic and worthy of credenee." The lecture made such a deep impression on deponent's mind, that immediately on leaving the Church, he flew to a house round the comer for spiritual consolation. Being asked "What house?" the deponent replied "Charley's and on being further asked ' What Charley?" reluctantly admitted that it was Charley Jones'. Here the deponent had communications with several spirits, good, bad, and indifferent, neat and ugly, and, on going home to his garret, ne-t wi tl 1 a. few ' ' Foot-falls on the boundary of another world." All the night he dreamed horrid dreams and saw terrific visions. He could swear that he saw " Fisher's ghost " dancing the Sailors' Horn pipe on the vane of the Woolloomooloo Fish market. Ever since, he has been encompas-ed with legions of spirits of cerulean hue, and of the most grc—que shapes, which his medical advisers are endeavoring to exorcise widi tincture of digitalis and other confounded nostrnms. He believed that most of the 300, who formed the audience, have been similarly affected, and that the doctors 011 the side of the street opposite the Church where the lecture was delivered are driving a roaring trade in consequence. The witness here burst into an eestacv of laughter, but was promptly brought to his senses by Mr. Punch's threatening to commit him for contempt of Court. The rev. defendant having been duly cautioned, wras asked if he could show the slightest cause why the judgment of the court should not be passed upon him. He replied that he would say nothing unless the spirit moved him. His Worship, however, paid no attention to the delicate hint, "nut assuming the black cap, proceeded to deliver judgment. His Worship said : — "Rev. Sir, I am sorry to see a man of your standing standing before me as a culprit. It is true, that material spirits may he law fully brought into the Colony, but then thev are most religiously consumed almost immediately after their arrival. " Ghosts," how ever, being spirits which have no body in or about them, are contrabrand, and their importation is prohibited by the most stringent laws of common sense. Their existence may be permitted, nay, their vagaries may be innocently encouraged, in the old country, where they impart a weird interest to many a spot hallowed by ancient legend. But, to attempt to acclimatise them here, is little short of high treason against the intelligence of the age. Would you plunge the people de novo into Egyptian darkness? Are we, in these enlightened times, to be crammed with old wives' fables and bugbear stories? What right have you to compare Biblical narratives with your own silly trash, and to assign to both the same degree of credibility ? Is it your mission to convert places of Divine worship into nurseries of gross superstition ? I pronounce you guilty of insulting the common-sense of the community, and, (being yourself under a strong delusion), fostering, though undesignedly, the credulity of simple minded old children, that they should believe a lie. You have, in fact, incurred the penalty of smuggling illicit disembodied spirits into the Colony, in terms of the charge, and the sentence of the Court is " Here the Phairshon and Prof. Dolan interposed, with the view of urging a mitigation of sentence. His Worship informed these gentlemen that, much as he esteemed them personally, and highly as he regarded their scientific attainments, especially as dis played in their joint observation of the transit of Venus, lie could not allow them on the present occasion any locus standi in his Court. The two savans thereupon sat down discomfited, and Mr. Punch condemned the rev. defendant to expiate his offence on the pillory of Public Opinion. 