WESLEYAN CHURCH, GRAFTON. Anniversary Tea — and Public Meeting. The Anniversary Sermons of the above Church were preached on Sunday last — -in the morning by the 'Rev. J:- Woolnough, when a very fair congregation attended ;, and in the evening by the Rev. .J. W. Dowson, the newly appointed Wesleyan minister of the Circuit, upon which occasion the Church was fully seated. Collections were made at the close of each service in aid of the Trust Funds. On Wednesday evening last, the Anni versary Services of this Church were brought to a close, by what is now an established institution with the Wesleyan body— - a tea and public meeting. On entering .the edifice about 6-30 p-.m., and looking round the building we found there were fourteen tables, presided at by Mesdames Volckers, Parris, Hattersley, Christmas, Lambert, MDonald, James, A. Page, j. I. Smith, H. Eggins, G. Gray, and Paine, and Mademoiselles Lambert and Suggate- ; Mrs. Lambert presiding at a table given by Mn p. Henderson, Miss Lambert at one given by Messrs. Francis and Ford, and Miss Suggate and Mrs. A. Page, at "a table given by Messrs. T. Eggins, and S. Bondfield. There could not ha've been fewer than some 350 persons sat down to tea. The effect produced by the lively ap pearance of everybody and everything, was very pleasing, and to many no doubt entic ing; for who can resist the modest request of a fair creature to partake of tea at her table. After the public present had duly shown their appreciation in a very tangible form, of the various edibles so graciously provided by the ladies, the tables were soon cleared out of the building, and preparations made for the public meeting, and more substantial nart of the nropranime — -the speeches. The proceedings of the public meeting were opened by the choir and congregation singing the hymn " Before Jehovah's Awful Throne," after which the Rev. C. M'Coy engaged in prayer. Rev. J. Dowson expressed the pleasure it gave him to call upon the Mayor of Grafton to occupy the chair. The Mayor (Mr. T. Page) said it afforded him pleasure to preside in the capacity he did that night, for he felt it was an honor to himself ; and he ought to do honor to the Church, as he had much to thank Method ism for. As he had to fill the office of chairman that evening, as well as Secretary to the Trust Fund, he would not make a lengthy speech. Their object was to raise money — but of course speeches and music were necessary to fill up the evening — and to celebrate the anniversary of the church- He then gave a- resume of the financial position of the Church, as under : — Wesleyan Church Building.' Fund Account, From 29th April, 1874, to, 15th April, 1S75, On 29th April last, the Trust Accounts showed that they were indebted as follows :: — To cash on deposit — : — — j£30 - Debit balance. . — — — 231 17. 6 Balance due contractor church 100 . o o Contract for furnishing church 68 18 o Outstanding accounts, lamps, &c.; — — — — — 33 10 3 Total— — — — 734 5 9 Since the 29th April, 1874, and up to 15th April. 187";. the Receipts have been as follows: — Collection at tea. meeting, 29th April, 18 74 — — — — £6 9 2 Sale of ticket's at tea meeting, 29th April, 1874 — — — 27 19 9 Seat rents, four quarters — — 69 1 1 o Subscriptions — — - — — 100. 11 6 Grant from Wesleyan Church Ex tension Fund — — — : — 140 o o Total receipts — — 344 11 5 The Expenditure during the same Period has , been : — Debit balance paid off — — — £231.17 6 Balance due contractor church — 100 o o Contract for furnishing. . — — 68 18 o Outstanding accounts— — — 33 10 3 Additional furniture, and repairs to harmonium — — — — 24 0 4 Expenses of tea meeting, 29th April, 1874 — — — — 7116 Stamp on bond exchange, and stationery... — — — — 1 13 9 Solicitor's cost conveyance and deeds.. — — — — — 10 8 o Chapel keeper's salary, and oil and candles — — — — 19 3 2 Printing and advertising — — 7 9 3 Insurance — — — — 3 o if Interest. ; — — — — — 57 I3V 7- Total expenditure — — ,£565 6 3 The Amount of the Present Liabilities are as follows : — Debit balance, beinsr the excess of the expenditure over the receipts — — — — — 22© 14 10 Cash on deposit — — — — 300 o ' o Outstanding accounts for repairs and improvements to parsonage and church, about — — — 50 p o Total liabilities — — j£57o 14 10 To pay which, the Wesleyan Church Extension Loan Fund have granted a loan, repayable in seven years, by quarterly - instalments, free of interest — 300 . o o Estimated proceeds of the Anni-. versarv Services, collection at tea meeting, and proceeds of tickets — — — — — 50 o o Leaving a balance to be raised at this meeting of— — — — 220 14 10 Total— — — — j£ 570 14 16 Thomas Page, Secretary.. April 15 th, 1875. As= they had got a loan of £300, and' he expected some £"50 to- be raised by sale of . tickets and collections, there would still be £220- to raise that night ; . this, amount, when proportioned out, would be but a small quota to each individual— and he felt sure if they went the. right way to work they could easily raise that sum. He hoped the various speakers: would confine themselves; to the object of the meeting ; and that those who did not give at the last meeting because they were not asked, would do so on that occasion. (Cheers). Rev. J. Dowson said he always liked to be fa good company, and had for many years avoided the reverse when it was possible to do so. He had been compelled some week or ten days ago, to remain in bad company, but then he was on the mighty deep, and if he had endeavored to get away he might have got into worse company in the ocean's depth. He com c 1 A orprl if n r\ nmnll TV T . oiuau uuug lu iulve u1c iyldyul tp preside, and felt it an honor to be placed, on an equality with him. Really, his Wor ship had commenced on a capital key, and he thought the best thing lie could do would be to sit down until the £220 had been raised without any to-do, and then for them to hear the speeches and music. IJe would like them to be free from debt. For himself, he systematically and con scientiously avoided getting into debt, and' ifJat any time he had been so unfortunate as ?to do so, he got out again as speedily as possible. The sum asked — £220 — was not much for a congregation like them to raise, or for Grafton and the Clarence. Why the fame of this city had gone throughout the colony — that is, of the .Methodist com munity — andhewould not say what an itch ing he had to get to Grafton, to see what the people were like, and to understand how they went ahead always with a fair wind and flowing tide. He had been asked by a friend his first impressions of Grafton, and ne replied that he thought it an abominably dirty place. (Laughter.) Per haps he had been bold to say so, but they would know him better by-and-bye. Why, when he landed on Thursday last, and drove up Prince-street, it occurred to him how often he might be bogged during his stay of three years. His impressions now were, that though the streets were dirty when it rained, and dust might follow in dry weather, still the people of Grafton were a warm- hearted, social, and cheerful people, and thought they would suit him if he could suit them. He hoped they would set to work to clear off the little existing debt, and his impressions of them would then be brighter still. Some thought if the debt was removed they would have no cause for tea meetings, but he would soon find something else for them to do — the property required a nice paling fence all round.- These social reunions were joyous, things, and he still could enjoy him self with good company and a good cup of tea, notwithstanding what professors of phrenology might have said to the con trary. Reunion was always an occasion for. gladness, when ' conducted under aus picious circumstances. When the mariner returns and -beholds his native land, it is the thought of reunion with his wife and little ones that fills his breast ; the same feeling is experienced by the traveller when he returns from his exploring expedi tion, with his journal well stored with inci dents of interest, which he longs to make known to his fellows. Reunions were always a source of much pleasure and prom, in tnat tney could tnen review the past and forms plans anew for the future. An old friend had told him that Grafton was far different eighteen years ago to what it was now, for he had marked the rise and progress of Methodism, and could tell of the wonders God had wrought. (The speaker here paid a marked tribute of respect to the usefulness of the late Rev. W. Fidler.) As to their future move ments, the first step was to get rid of the debt, for it would be a shame to have that hanging over them. Speaking to a trades men in Grafton, he had been informed that there was great depth in financial matters here, and no fear of ruin or running aground — and he presumed that referred to the depth of the pocket. It was all very well to talk about this depth, but let them show it ; they could talk of the richness of a gold reef, but what of that ; let him see the gold, and then he would tell them if the reef was rich. Let the Mayor have the handling of the money, and then he would talk of the depth of their pockets farandwideif they desired ; or if they wished the matter to be kept a secret, he felt sure, with the assistance of his wife, they two could do so with any in Grafton. This debt removed, let them Work earnestly to seek for a vast amount of spiritual advancement. They ought to thank God for their temporal prosperity, which was a legitimate cause for a thank- j uui w line wiijuyiiig tciiipL/icti pruov perity, they should not lose sight of the necessity for spiritual progress, and Method ism signally failed in its grand mission if such was not effected, and if the Word of God in the hands of its ministers did not prove sharper than a two-edged sword. Some argued that to arrive at this result it was necessary to visit all the congregation, preach good sermons, attend to sick people; to see that the Sunday Schools progressed, and that all the children of Methodist parents attended such schools. Now he did not believe in all this, and to speak plain, did not intend to do so. He would, so far as God gave him power, preach good old Methodist sermons and do all he could, particularly in visiting the sick ; but would expect his colleague (Mr. Woolnough) to do a good share ; and if they expected them to do all the work, they would be grievously disappointed. He thought a Methodist church should be like a bee hive, working in unity, but without the stings, producing honey, and causing it to flow out to all ; and hoped that every man, woman, and child, would seek to be bap tised of the Holy Ghost ; for if they de voted themselves, to the work, they would not have time to enquire what their mini sters were about. They ought to pray day after day for the Holy Ghost to descend, and then they would see glorious days. The Gospel was the same now as in the days of old. Jesus Christ is still the same yesterday, to-day, and forever; and if there was any change, the fault would be their's, perhaps partly his (the speaker's.) (Cheers.) - The Mayor then read letters of apology for unavoidable absence from the Revs. J. Mackayand J. Innes— the latter gentleman expressing a. hope that he might on some occasions exchange pulpits with the Rev. J. Dowson. (Cheers). The' choir then- rendered the anthem (t TJ/m«r HiApf fLa CirrLf fLo Trvxr Laim QwrAAf " 1IUW Diwi. LllU The Rev. C. M'Coy, who was well re- celved, said as they looked a-round on the activities and enterprises of life, and upon humanity in general, it was apparent that the conviction had seized many they were not in their right places ; they had hazy notions, and -many .devoted themselves to the task of reaching some elevated plain — one man desiring to have from L 10,000 to L50,ooo to his credit at the bank, and such an one considered the control of money would place him in the groove, he ought to go in; another man sought for a higher walk in the social world and wanted ' posi tion and honor, thinking he ought to be associated with the upper ten- thousand, and fill either the office of alderman, justice of the peace, or a senator ; while another man considered his faculties capable of expansion and went in for politics and science, and desired to know more of books, men, and the universe. No doubt there were many there that night, with like ideas, but still as Christian men ana women they ought to be actuated with nobler views. They all considered the continuation of the Church the right thing, because it gave them sofcial distinction and prosperity — men generally on every side had that about them that showed they were not elevated as they should be. Their presence and what they had done was an evidence that Christianity was able to thus, elevate them and bear them even to God. Business men liked to take stock to. ascertain their posi tion — those who had speculated liked to get the half-yearly report to see whether they had lost or gained ; then let them take stock and view Christianity to see if it had met their expectations -and done what was claimed for it it could do, or whether it had been an ignominious failure. He was free to confess that at first sight the moral aspect was not re-assuring, for there existed much ignorance of Christianity in this nineteenth century. Why two-thirds of the popula tion of the world were yet what are called heathen ! — myriads had never heard the Gospel ; and with present appliances it was painful to think how long a time must lapse before such would hear the sound of the Gospel. Look at the other third — there were multitudes over whom Christianity exerted no influence at all, who never darken the church doors, who spend the Sunday at business ; they had vice flaunted in their face on all hands — men revelled in wickedness — and there were those in their midst whose vision was circumscribed and would expunge from their creed the very existence of God. There were others who received cnristiamty merely ior its Denents. The speaker then referred in deprecatory terms at some length to the baneful effects produced on sections of the chnrch by Ritualism and such like teaching ; and ex pressed his full confidence in the. Gospel as a power to salvation — -concluding a very able speech by reminding his hearers that they had all something to do soas to hasten the day when all should acknowledge Christ — for every righteous action and every soul converted was a step in the right direction. (Applause). The choir then sang an excellent anthem " Come to the Saviour, Come." Rev. J. Woolnough evidently intended to put the audience in a good humour, and certainly succeeded very well. He said his pet sum for a fortune would be £750,000, for he would not bother himself with such paltry sums as L50,000. He wished all good men had good health, and then they would have had the Rev. J. Innes with them that night, that all good men would stay where they were wanted, and then they would have had the Rev. Mr. Mackay with them. (Hear, hear.) He had been asked to say something, and he hoped it would be for their edification and instruction ; and as he knew most of them he would try to keep clear of the rocks which their worthy super intendent in his speech had slightly grazed on. He had been nearly taking a text, n Mrl M an A 1H/1 PAOrTtl/l ni4/A CLIIU guiug III l\Jl Lilt liiav auu ptuvy and so on ; and this reminded him of a text taken by an old Puritan divine when prea'ching against the then existing style ladies had of arranging the hair. This text very few he believed could find — it was in the 24th chap. St. Matthew, 17th verse, the words were "Top not come down." (Some amusement was here caused by the inability of the speaker to find the text for a short time.) But in these days they were not allowed to mutilate the Scrip tures in that way. The fable of the old man and the ass reminded hifri that they could not please all, if they did the debt would remain. It was not easy to take men as they liked to be taken ; some were mean and narrow-minded enough to con sider it a charity to give to- religion and ministers, while others gave of their sub stance as a duty, in order that God's bless ing might rest upon them ; some were like the ripe fruit that hung in clusters on the vine, only requiring . a touch and the juice (money) rolled out freely ; others wefe: like lemons and needed squeezing befoffe- they gave. (Laughter). He said Mr.. M'Coy had referred to the fact that two- thirds of the earth's population were heathen, but they most not forget there was a mort gage on them all, which would have to be met before long, and the Gospel would be known to earth's remotest bounds. He then, referred to- the prevalence of three penny pieces at collections, and' would like: to educate them all to give systematically. If God was to treat them in a like manner- . as- they- di"d the church at times, He would withhold ashower this week because therewas. - one last week — or a crop this year because . they had one last. They ought all to give:, as G.od had blessed them— and the speaker- here referred to the manner in which this dis trict had been spared the ravages of a flood. There were many prosy things to consider in connection with their church property, on urLirli nitocfirttie Ka KaliAiro/l Mr Dntircnil IT U.vO Li s/ X ACT ill, Li Lki I, V L,L1 . 1 ( A 4 1 V > < km and himself agreed ; and considered there- were many necessary improvementsrequi red at the Parsonage. He pointed, out that it- was their property and not the ministers' — . who were migratory in their movements. All they wanted them to do was to pay . their lawful debts — and he had pleasure in stating that two friends had subscribed Li each as a commencement. (Cheers). A subscription list was then. taken, round,, and a collection made, when The Chairman stated that the: result— ^-in cluding sale of tickets, about L2.5. — was that some L77 had been raised. \ The choir then rendered the anthem — " O Praise the Lord." Mr. J. Christmas, on rising, said the task allotted to him was not an unpleasant One,, as the merits of the ladies had been fully tested and appreciated that evening. He . had to move a vote of thanks to the ladies. - who had supplied the tea, and the choir for fnof Aiiomnrp Owl V Iwvw balCkl, w V Will 111 Rev. J. .Woolnough, in a few remarks to. the point,, seconded the resolution paying a. well-deserved compliment to the ladies. The resolution, being put by the Chair-,., man, was carried by enthusiastic acclama tion. Mr: James, or> behalf of the ladies and the- choir, acknowledged the vote of thanks,, and apologised for any deficiency in the singing. He also, on behalf of the congre gation, tendered to Mr. Dowson a hearty welcome to his new sphere of labor, be lieving that gentleman just the man. they, wanted. (Applause.) The Rev. J. Dowson briefly thanked them for the welcome, and hoped that their inter course with each other would prove a mutual blessing, and that they might be able to look back on the time when past, if spared,' with.; feelings of pleasure. (Cheers.) He then, moved a vote of thanks to the Mayor for presiding. , Rev. C. M'Coy, having seconded this, it: , was carried by acclamation, and duly ,, acknowledged by the Chairman. ' - The singing of the Doxology, and the Benediction, brought another very success ful Wesleyan -Tea and Public. Meeting to a close. 