- The PMladelplua Lawyer. Bv a Returned: Oeijeornlvn. . - I havo been often asked to toll' the story —to print it, in fact, for the benefit of other people, just to show how they get off criminals in AmorioaV This is how it happenod. I was on my way . iiomo run among tho| gold-diggers— "not actually digging myself,; hut quiet as. profitable and far less troublesomb— namely, ministeriug-. to. . tho. wants of tlioso who diig.-; Xoame by the Pacific Railway across : tlio Rocky Mountains,', through several Western States which havo attracted, tho" attention of specur lators owing to their supposed wealth iu veins:of 5ib precious - metals. / After a visit to Utah'aiid tlio Salt Lake City,; where I found things by no . moans so black as" they aro priiutod by Mi'. Justin M'Carthy,:I-reachedthe thriving city of Slickville, which, as I was informod by an intelligent native, happened to . be " a thing of beauty; and a joy for ever," as well as a kind of oradlb for Western civilisation to bo niirs'ed-in- Happening to havo a few hours to spare, I sauntered into a Court of Justice where a trial for murder was going on. Au ominent lawyer had been brought' from Philadelphia for the purpose of .defending the, prisoner. Tho evidence against .the man. was'per- foctly conclusiv'o, 'but tho Yankeqlawyor defended him vigorously, arid this is how lie did" it " May it . pleaso -your. Lordship and gentlemen , of the-, jury, tiio caso is as clear as1 icb; and sharp to th'e' point as :';NoV from your sweetheart. Tho Scripturo.i.saitli ' Thou shalt "not kill ;' now, if you hang my client you transgress tho ' command as slick as grease 'and as plump , as' a gooso egg iu a loafers face. Gentlemem, murder is murder, whether committod.by twolyo: jurymen or by nil humble man like my client. I do not deny tho fact of my client haying killed a man j but .is -that any -roason wliy you should' dq. so ? ' No -such ''tKng'1" ,':You may bring tlio prisoner in guilty, 'the , hangman ..may do his. .duty, but will that - exonerate you ? No suoh tiling ! .. In this caso' you will all bbmm'derersiaud/irho amqng you is prepared to have the: Brand;- of Coin stamped upon' liis' brow to day? , Wlio ? fropmen ! Vfho ?'in tliiB land: of liberty and light ? ' 'Gentlemen, 'I will pledgo my word that not one of you has a bowie-knifo or pistol in his pocket; No, Gentlemen, your pockets - are odoriferous withtlio perfumes of cigar- cases and tobacco. You can smoke the tobacco of rectitude in the pipe of a peaceful conscionco, but hang my - un-r fortunate client,. ,and the scaly alligators VftiS&jgfmwrse; will gallop through tho "TfltRnal principles of .your:, anatomical construction is turned into a raikoad for tho grim :and gory goblins -of despair. Gontlemon, boiyaro, . of " committing murder— beware I say ! . Romomber tho fato of flib man who attempted' to stoady tho Arlc, and tremblo ! Gontlei- mon, I adjure you, by tho manumitted ghost of temporal sanctity, to do no murder;' :I: adjfiro you, by the name of woman, tho. mainspring of tbo ticking timopioo'o of ' Tirno's : theoretical . tr.nns- migration, to do no murder; I 'adjure you, by tlio lovo you have for. thp osculent and condimontnl gusto of. our , native pumpkin,- -to - do no murder. I' adjure you, by tlio 6tars sot in thoflyinjj ensign of our emancipated : countryj to do no rnurdor. I adjuro you, by th'o TAorican oaglo, that w;hipped the uni- Vorsal game-cook of oroation, and now Bits roosting on the magnotio telegraph of Time's theoretical transmigration, to do no murder. And lastly, if ever you oxpoct to wear long tailed coats, if ovor you expoct froo dogs not to bark, at you, if ovor you cxpeot to woar : boots, made of free hide of the Rocky Moun tain buffalo, and, to Bum up all, if ovor you oxpoct to bp anything but a sotjof sneaking, . loafing, rascally, cut-' throated, braidod, small ends of humanity, whittlod down to a indistinoti- bility, acquit my oliont, and save your country I was profoundly impressed with this appeal, which appeared in full in tho Slickville Tomahawk of tho following day. So .were tho gontlomen of .tho jury ; and it is almost noedloss to add that the prisoner was acquitted, and tho country saved. 