IT is a somewhat singular fact that the submarine cable connecting the colonies with England, from which such great tilings were naturally anticipated, has up to the present time fallen very far Bhort of public expectation. As a rule, the telegraphic items appearing in the columns of the daily Press been of the most common-place character. They have been of little or no general interest, and the arrival of the mail has been looked for, apart from considerations of private correspondence, with undiminished eagerness. ' We are bound to say, indeed, that the monthly budget when it comes appears as fresh as ever, and the little that has been anticipated is then given in a more amplified and intelligent form, is eminently readable, and universally welcome. As in contradistinction to this peculiarity, occasional items have been flashed to the colonies of more than passing importance; but they so frequently leave off like the tale in a novel, at the particular point where the interest increases, that we sometimes feel ourselves sorely perplexed, and await what may next turn up. The Ticbborne nuisance retains its hold upon the attention of a large portion of the public with surprising tenacity, and with the irrepressible Dr Kenealy, who threatens to annihilate everybody and everything, at its head, it is not likely to give up the ghost and die with a good grace. Imputations of. -unfairness have been, freely hurled at the Judges who tried this extraordinary case, and it is rather strange that some means have not been taken to bring the non-contents to a fixed point, compelling them to be definite and to come forward and substantiate their defamatory accusations. A few days ago, it appears, an exciting debate took place in the House of Commons, on the motion of Mr Disraeli to reject the petition presented by Suttlewell, accusing the judges who - tried the Tichborne case of unfairness, and demanding the impeachment of the Speaker. These are great issues, to seek to attain, but we may expect great things from a case of such magnitude. Time, however, will see the end of the matter, just as it will dispose of the Claimant himself. The case of Gardiner, the notorious bushranger, has created some comment in the House of Lords, and the Earl of Carnarvon, Secretary for the Colonies, in consenting to the production of certain papers, having reference to the release of the notorious bushranger in 37ew South Wales; announced that in future the responsibility of granting such pardons will rest with the Home Government, after due consultation with the Colonial authorities. The attidude of Prussia with regard to the Eoman Catholic question appears firm and unyielding, and the Prussian Parliament has now gone the length of abrogating the privileges belonging to Soman Catholics in that country. Bismarck's role, as opposed to the Catholic sway, has been one of unflinching and even ofEensive determination, and if a revolt were provoked it would, to all appearances, be only the result at which recent hostile declarations have been aimed. It would be idle to conjecture what the present policy of- Bismarck will end in.. At the present moment he is master of the situation, and the cynosure of every European eye. But that he has not yet completed his programme of revolutionary changes and reforms appears tolerably-certain. In general the position "of affairs at Home and on the Continent is anytiling but decidedly- pacific, i .Indeed, were : an outbreak to occur, such as would set all' Europę by the ears, it would tie nothing more than has been clearly foreseen bythe greatest; is «6 : f> matter o£ fact, but peace there is not in "the general forebodings of a coming struggle* the premonitory signs of which ever find anon thrust themselves unpleasantly and significantly upon the consideration of every attentive observer. The question—Are the colonies prepared for war ? if it be answered truthfully, must be answered negatively, for it is clear that unaided, the resistance which the colonial forces could offer in our defence "would be most feeble, and inadequate to meet the attacks of an invading foe who would come folly prepared to put our boasted impregnability and courage to the test. The policy of twining the youthful population of the colony, first by the use of the manual of drill at the public schools, and afterwards by militia or volunteer forces, requires thorough execution. The use of the rifle and the ability to manoeuvre in large masses, so as to acquire military experience in the field, ought to be insisted on in Bome shape or form throughout the whole ofethe colonies. The beneficial effects, of the movement which sprung into existence some years ago, when the formation of volunteer rifle corps was the order of the' day, may yet be felt, for it is part of a"system of instruction which, when once thoroughly imparted, cannot be wholly forgotten. Besides the probability or otherwise of an emergency ever arising when the volunteers would be required for active service, a skilled knowledge of the use of the rifle and ot military movements would be a great physical advantage-to the population. All the money that has been spent on this " craze," as it has been termed, was by no meanB frittered away—a fact which will be abundantly established in the colonies on the very first occasion of au emergency arising in which the colonists shall be Called upon to protect their hearths and homes from the inclusive attacks of an invading foe. The autumn soiree in connection with St ndrew's Church, Kyneton, will be held toorrow. Tea will be provided in the Temper nce TT^Il at 6 p.m., and at 7.30 the chair will e taken in St Andrew's Church bythe Revohn Meek, of Gisborne. The Rev. W. Groundwater Fraser, of Essendon, will deliver a lecture, and musical selections will be given under the direction, of Mrs Tayles. A public meeting of the inhabitants will be held at Porter's Junction Hotel, Drummond, tomorrow evening, on the question of the proposed Malmsbuiy Shire, and at the Greenhill Schoolroom, Edgecombe, on Friday, the 23rd, when the committee appointed at the conference held at Malmsbury wQl be in attendance to explain the objects of the movement. Candidates for the extraordinary vacancy in the Newhamshire Council are reminded that Wednesday, 21st of April, is the nomination day, and intending candidates must be nominated at the Shire Office, Newham* before 4 p.m. on Tuesday, 20th instant. At the Woodend Police Court, on Saturday, before Sir John Gilchrist, J.P., Constable Han- Ion proceeded against Bernard Bums and Charles Ford for being drunk and disorderly, a fine of 5s being inflicted, with the alternative of twenty-four hours' imprisonment. Patrick Commons was fined 10s, or 48 hours,' for a similar offence. A charge of wilful exposure of person against the same defendant resulted in a sentence of four days' imprisonment—On Monday, before Mr William Macqueen, J.P., Chas. Peters and Robert Montgomeiy were each fined 5s for drunkenness, with the alternative of 24 houra 1 imprisonment. Our Woodend correspondent writes:—On Saturday last a party of Woodend gentlemen, namely, Messrs J. and H. Evans, G. Hewett, J. and H Coop, and Bruce, having obtained permission to shoot rabbits over part of Mr W. J. Clark's property, proceeded to James's Lancefield Road Hotel, and had a capital day's sport, both in shooting and fishing. Nearly 100 rabbits fell to their guns, and they also secured a good basket of fish, returning greatly pleased with their success, and the treatment they met with from Mr Jeaines, whose exertions conduced so greatly to the success of their enjoyment. The R.M.S. China will be dispatched to-day at 2 p.m. with the mails for India and Europe. We hear that, on Friday, Mr Carroll wrote a letter resigning his seat as member for Ararat, and forwarded it to a Parliamentary friend in Melbourne, to be used at his discission, and if nothing happens in the meantine, the resignation (saya the "Telegraph") may be expected by the Speaker at once. Mr Carroll was largely visited after his committal, and expresses himself to friends as sure of an acquittal; but the feeling is universal in the district that he has absolutely no chance. The entry into his store, and the seizure of his books with a view, it is assumed, of proof being obtained that he kept a double set of books, has created another sensation in the district. The town iB placarded with an offer of a reward of £50 for the discovery of the books, but so far without any success having been obtained. Telegrams have been received in Ararat from Mir Girdlestone, surgeon, of Collins-street, who formerly represented the district, expressing his intention to stand, and as Mr Girdlestone is believed to be sound on the Education Act, the Ministry will probably view his return with favour. The threat of the Soman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat is to be carried out, and the selection of a candidate duly opposed to the education system is to be announced to the faithful, and a solid vote is expected to be cast in his favor. If the Liberal electors are divided between three and four candidates, the return of the priestly nominee is a very probable event. The names of the candidates that have been mentioned in the "Ararat Advertiser" "are— Mr O'Hea/Mr Gaunson, Mr J. Maclean, Mr. R. C. Beveridge, Mr J. Campbell, Mr W. "Vale, and Mr Watkins. Another of those sad casgs of early xuin that come before the public from time to time was brought under the notice of Mr -Sturt, at the Melbourne City Court on Saturday last, during the hearing of a'charge of vagrancy brought by Constable Liddy against a young girl, about fifteen years of age, named Margaret Downey. Some months ago (says the "Telegraph") the girl was-well behaved, and lived happily with her mother, until she obtained employment in a clothing factory, where she made acquaintances and contracted habits that, quickly led to her seduction and ruin. Her mother tried everything that kindness could suggest to wean the giri away from the evil path which she had commenced to tread, but her efforts were of no avaiL From had she went to worse, until at length she found a'shelter amongst the lowest prostitutes of Little Bourke Street One night in the streets her mother was following her crying bitterly, and trying to persuade her to return home, but whilst doing so a constable, not knowing her object, arrested her on the supposition that she was s drunk. ' The : unfortunate woman'was locked up and subsequently discharged. Her danghfcer, however, still continued her evil life until Friday last, when, as a last resource, a w&rrantwas; issued for her, andahe was arrested as a vagrant. She appeared ł>efore thu Court in a miserable - state, and Mr Sturt, to save her from further; harm if possible, and to by and take her&um; the cvfl-gompanionship of those who had worked ter ruin, sent her to the gaol sewing iroom for p s . a u c p A Local Land Board will be held in the CouriŁouse, Kyneton, on Thursday, 29th April. The Inspector of Nuisances, like the schoolmaster, is still abroad in Kyneton, and the duty he has to perform is not a pleasant one, but must be attended to in the interests of the community at large. It were far better to have a vigUent officer insisting on cleanliness, that through culpable neglect, permit a state of things to prevail which may result in fearful decimination of human life. A change in the weather indicative of rain, now looked forward to by our farmers with some anxiety, occurred yesterday, and towards the close of the day some showers fell- The excessive heat which prevailed some time ago has had the effect of hardening the ground considerably, though not to any serious extent. From a bulletin published by the "Rochester Express" on Friday, we learn that intelligence had reached that town of a murder having been committed last night about 33 miles west from Rochester, at Meriton's Hotel Mitiamo. Theland lord, an old Sandhurst publican, had a squabble or quarrel with a man who was drinking there. It is stated he used the knife, and stabbed the unfortunate man in a vital part. He died in less than a quarter of an hour. Meriton bolted immediately after the fatal occurrence, and the police are now in pursuit. Mounted-constable Feelcy left Rochester fully armed and accoutred for the scene of the murder, shortly after 5 p.m. Two applications were made to his Honour Mr. Justice Barry in chambers on Saturday. In the first case, Mr. Box applied for a writ of certiorari to bring under the consideration of the Supreme Court the case of Geo. Armstrong, a publican at denlyon, who had been dealt with by the local police magistrate and one licensing justice for having used his premises as a dancing saloon. Mr. Box contended that the matter ought to have come before the full licensing bench on a regular licensing day. His Honour granted the application. The second application was (says the " Telegraph") for a rule nisi for a prohibition to restrain the local justices at Carisbrook enforcing a conviction against WJL Watson, a liotelkeeper, for having taken certain goods in pledge, on the ground that his wife was the culpable party, and that she had acted without his knowledge. His Honour granted the ruls t t t e c 