THE CHINESE QUESTION. The following letter is well worth perusal : (To the Editor of the Cooklown Courier.) Sir,-The Chinese question here has assumed ano ther form from hitherto-not how to deal with the liv ing, but how to dispose of the dead. Thirty-five miles from Cooktown, on the road to the Palmer, the dead body of a Chinaman has been lying there for upwards of three weeks, presenting at present a ghastly sight, the flesh of the limbs having been torn off by dogs. No one seems disposed to bury him, loest the adminis trators of justice might punish for such an illegal act, no coroner's inquest having been held as yet-such a virtuous snt, according to our statutory laws, would be a legal wrong. According to law one may live as be chooses, but he must not be permitted to die but in strict aceordance with recognised principles-a duly qualified physician must certify to the fact before sepulture, when the work can be done in proper form, as'?irected by the lights of thisenlightened age. Now, the aubjeot which I brought to your notice, is but oneof the many dead Chinamen, unburied be thrnes here and the Palmer. But who is to blame for this state of iffairs ? The numerous instances of the like, reported 'to'me both by Chinese and lEu"rppeans, call for a remedy. Many people have asked me the reason why the Chinese in general ababdon' their sick comrades,-and neglect to bury them when dead. T? answer this, I must of necessity explain the causes why, as it is gene rally believed by Europeans to" be the effeet of in humanity, instead of legislative enactments and re ligious superstitios. According to the laws of ?hins, whth a man dies in the house of astranger, the proprietor is held respon sible for his death, and if he has wealth in his posses sion, finds himself mulcted in a considerable sum of money, to be paid over to the relatives of the deceased for the loss they ire supposed to have sustained through the death of their relative. No doubt butthe legislator who 'framed this law thought that he was oreating a safeguard for the lives of ineb. But it has had an opposite effect. When a man dies under the care of his relatives there is no notice taken thereof; but mark the opposite effects. When a man becomes sick among strangers he is taken out and left to dieon the.highway, which, being the propertyof the Govern. ment, compromises nobody. The law, as it stands, and is aeted on, has stifled every feling of humanity, in. credible to those unasequainted with the laws of China. But the evil does not stop here. When a man dies, the house by such becomes polluted, apdid edtanse it from such is a piece of costly work. The ghosts and devils are expelled by priests, who does the work by .sprinkling the house with holy water, and burning incense, at the same time running throughl thelbouse vociferating, with a naked sword,in one Is?da'whioe he strikes the invisible devils with, and r?in the other hand, to bind them, and finally winds up the performance by plastering on the wells some charms written in enigmatical characters, to keep the devils from entering-the house and doing the inmates harm, who could not otherwise have rested contented therein, until assured that the devils were kept out by these infallible preventatives. For want of time. I most conclude this subject at present. I think, however, that enough has been said tosgt the public mind aright on this matter. The inhattnilty so.often witnessed is the result of institu tions, andvhould not be attributed to the want of feel ing on the part of the Chinese. I am, &e.;, Jdann MWHE sLEY, Analo.Chinese Linguist. Cooktown, September 13, 1875. 