WHAT HAPPENED IN MY STUDIO. I A FAIKTEK'S GnosT STOEV. (COKCLUDEU.) i icu inj sumió cany, intending io go nome to dinner, and rel urn lato in the evening When I got out into the burry streets, I wm utmost inclined to laugh st myself, for my super- stitious fancies. Thc matter-of-fact people mov- ing about tile streets, the children playing in the square, the passing cabs, tho gay shops, seemed to render the idea of any supernatural visitant to absurd, that I almost regretted uny arrangement had been made for roy return. When I returned to the square at about half past nine, tho lamps were lit, and the partial darkness of a fine summer night had settled softly over thc groat city. I lingered a few minutes an (ho door-step to finisu my cigar in tho cool air, so refreshing after thc heat of thc lons summer day. There was a deep orange glow still lingering in thc north western sky, und thc last low twitter of thc birds among the trees in thc square came softly to the car. AU was so peaceful around, that I could hardly believe in the object which had brought mc back nt this hour, it seemed like a dream, und I W;LS almost disposed j to adopt thc old insane plan of pinching myself ' to ascertain whether I was awake or not. ! 1 turned to go in. AB 1 d;d sr>, Holmes, the j square keeper, carno in sight. 1 knew it was just about the time for his departure, und Icon- ! eluded ho was on his way houic. The fancy came into my mind that 1 should like to have bim within call. " Good «retiing, Holmes," I enid, " I suppose you're juBt about thinking of getting liomc ?" " Yes, sir, I've Ind pretty nearly enough of it for ono day. Tiring work being on your feet so muny hours. I can tell you," " 1 suppose it is. I hardly like to mate tbe request, but I've u particular reason for asking you to remain later to-night. I can give you a glass of beer if you'll ttep in. I expect afr. Duncan hero at eieren, and we shall not want you to stay many minutes after that." *l Of course if it's any convenience to you, sir, I shall be very elad to atop, but 1 hope there's nothing wrong.'' " No, all I want you to do is to remain near tho door, and watch carefully who comas in and out." " Very good, air." Holmes looked surprised, but as I did not volunteer any further inforamtiou, he made no remark. I opened tho door and wont; in. I am compelled to confess that it was u relief to mc to have Holmes with mc. Thc matches were on thc mantelpicco as UBual, and having obtained a h'^ht, wc went upstairs. I supplied Holmes with his beer, und wo 6pcnt lmlf-an-hour in talking over thc various pictures in ray room, which Holmes inspected by the dim light of my rending lamp ; tito gas in my studio, according to my cuBtom in summer, being disconnected. When Holmes left for his poet outside the house, I sat down to write limo letters. I had been considerably reas-urcd by his presence, ?nd had, to u great extent, banished tiloso vague superstitious feeling» which had previously pervaded my mind. I'ho last ray or daylight had now dinoppeured from thc western sky. Tho lower part of my window was covered with tho conventional green baize, but looking out above this, I saw the stars shining brightly, and thc dim lustro of thc moon just heginning to touch tho chimneys oo the further fido of the square. My lamp was hardly sufficient to light thc whole room distinctly, still there was light enough to discern the various objects without much difficulty. My letters were of importance. The contents so completely absorbed mo that I lost all consciousness of thc lupsc of time, and suddenly started ott hearing a neighbouring clock strike eleven. 1 could hardly believe it possible, and I took out my watch to seo if I had not been mistaken. No ; it was really cloven, and I reflected, with a certain amount of satisfaction, j tiiat I should not in ul! probability be alone 1 many minutes longer. AB 1 sat ut my writing table my back was towards the door, and tho old cabinet was also behind mc on tho other side. I had ono more letter to write, and was just dipping my pen in thc ink, when a slight noiso behind mc caused me to look tound. In an instant the blood rushed to my heart in one wild flood. I started from my chair, and, grasping the edge of thc ruble, stood leaning against it, quivering in erory limb. Cloeo in front of tho cabinet stood tho figure of tlic previous night. Its hr.nd was on thc key, which it turnad with a quick (¡rm motion, and threw open thc door. Without pausing a moment it then walked towards thc door of thc room. In another second it would be gone. " In thc name of God," I gasped, " tell me whut you wish." It stopped suddenly, asif arrested bythesound, then turnod us it hud done on the previous night, and looted fixedly at mc. Ilten it uppraached. I felt like ono Inrned to stone. Yet in- voluntarily I recoiled. It seemed to detect thc ruolion and stopped willi what seemed a lialf ( reproachfiil expression. Thou its loft bond was ¡ raised, aud it. pointed towards Hie cabinet. In rain I tried to art iculato. In ruin I attempt ! to describo what I felt'. By a desperate effort I I recovered myself. I " Tho cabinet ? " 1 again gasped out. j Tho mild melancholy face seemed almost lie j with a smile ¡ tho hoad was bowed in rosponse ; then thc figure turned, and slowly passed out I at the door. I When Duncan arrircd at ten minutes past eleven, his train having beeil delayed, ho f ann mc stretched on tho fbor of tho studio in a deep swoon. He happened to have sonic branjy in his travelling disk, and by a judicious administration of this, together with a plentiful , application of cold water, which he found in thc raim, ho presently brought mc to my senses. I ' The condition in which he had found me, and 1 ! my wild look of alarm when I recalled whut I, I had witnessed, were quite sufficient to ossure I him that something serious had happened, but it was soma limo beforo I grew sufficiently calm to describe what 1 had seen. 1 was yet : too weuk to take the initiative, but as soon as { Duncan heard my recital he moved instinctively i towards tho cabinet, und, hy the aid of my I lamp, began searching tho interior, whilo I sat | watching him with intense anxiety. His Bcarch, however, was in vain. Tho inside of tho cup- board, tho drawers und smaller recesses were subjected to the most ecrorc scrutiny, but with- out effect. A keen sense of disappointment stoic over me us I watched his fruitless efforts ; yet, so con- vinced was I that something connected with that cabinet had bren tho cause of the ghostly visitation of the last two nights, that my impatience overcame tho bodily weakness j consequent upon the shock I had experienced, I I rose hastily from my chair, and snatching | tho (amp from Duncan, commenced a careful scrutiny on my own account. Not a word was uttered «hilo I pursuod my search. Duncan stood hy, conscious that ho had himself explored every crack and cranny willi the utmost care, and with on ex- pression ia his face which indicated thc hopclo&s; ncssornny further search. Still I wont on, urged by an impulse which was perfectly irresis- tible, examiuing thc same placoB over and over again, and passing my hand ovor every portion in thc hopis of discovering sonic secret spring or slide. At leiieth Duncan Baid, "lt is useless ; there is positively nothing there." I did not reply. I ciuld not. Thc sense of disappoint- ment was still PO strong, and the perfect convic- tion that something yet remained to badi:, covered. At length I also felt that it was use- less to pursue thc search any further, and I turned away. As I withdrew my eyes from thc upper com- partment, a sudden thought flashed into my mind. 1 still held thc lomo so high that all the inside of the cupboard was visible, und at this moment it occurred to me that thc colour of the panel at thc back was rot thc Bnme us at thc sides. Hastily thrusting in my hand, I again pissed it carefully over thc panel, and with a thrill of anxious expectation felt that Ibero was a space of scared? more than a quarter of an inch between it »nd the top of th« cupboard. With sonic difficulty, 1 inserted the jjoint of my finger and pulled it forward. It fell flat before me, an exquisite work of art, painted on panel, placed BO that it might not bc seen, nt Ibo back of thc cupboard, face innards, and filtiug the spaco almo=t exactly. A great cry of delight broke from us both as wc held it with trembling hands to tho light. It was tho Lost Picture !-All Hie Year Hound. There is a grocer in PeuneTlvnnia. Hio is paid to hr» eu mean ll mt lio was eaid to entch a ' flea oifhiscouutcr, hold him hythe hind legp.awl look into tho cracks of his lect, to sec if he hadn't 1 been stealing Boms of his fiigar. j À coloured gent leman went to ron suit ono o j of the most high lou cd lawyers in Moiton, and j after eluting his case, enid , "Kow I knowB j . yau's a. lawyer, but t wish you would please, ear, 1 ' ut tell me the ¿ruff'bout dat matter» ! < 