THE OLD CATHOLICS. A REMARKABLE document has recently been issued by the Uld Catholics of Germany who ' continue in the faith of the fathers,' and who feel compelled in conscience, as they are constrained in heart, to urge ' that numerous bodies of Roman Catholic priests, whose / inmost soul revolts against Vaticanism, but who have not recovered the courage to confess the truth,' to come out from that apostate church whose characteristic marks are so plainly described in the Apocalypse under the name of Babylon the Great. It is one of the most satisfactory signs in the present controversy, showing a very decided advance upon previous utterances of the Old Catholics, that they can now declare with no unfaltering voice, just as our three National Churches of England, Scotland, and Ireland did at the Reformation, that the present Pope, by his bull of Pastor mternus, which proclaims his own personal infallibility, has thereby fulfilled the conditions of the prophecy respecting 'the Man of Sin.' The awful way in which Pio Nono speaks of himself as ' the third Incarnation of God (that is, the Holy Ghost, Head of the Body of Christ), that without devotion to him no one can be saved, and that he continues the work of Christ' — accepting likewise the adulation of those Roman ladies who declared to his face that 'the Vatican vas not only a prison, but also a Mount of Calvary, and that it was Jesus who was suffering anew his passion in Pio Nono !' whom they termed ' the chosen of the Virgin Mary ! ' — must surely stagger some of our Protestant interpreters at home who are unable to see in the line of the Popes any reference to St. Paul's prediction respecting the Man of Sin. In accents of mournful -truth the Old Catholics call attention to the fact that at the present time 'Rome's Cathedra are sounding forth anti-Christian doctrines couched in most mu Christian language ;' and in reference to the past they declare that the Pope asserts ' the Eomish Church to be a legal corporation, which can override or nullify all State laws ; and that the Popes have never overstepped the boundaries of their authority, for example, when they deposed em perors and kings, absolved subjects from their oath of allegiance, gave over princes to be murdered, delivered up nations to slavery, racked with the most cruel tortures, slaughtered and burnt hundreds of thousands often of the very best men, on account of their supposed heresy or pretended compact with the devil.' Hence after a power i ful exposure of their heresies and crimes, sanctioned and approved by the Vatican decrees, the Old Catholics appeal to the Roman priests of \- the German empire to follow the example of a goodly number of their brethren, who have already obeyed the command—' Come out of her, my people,' as the event has proved, notwithstanding the many attemptsof their exasperated superiors to. crush them. Andthey calmly declare that ' the Ultramontane mob, together with all the brutality and slanderous art of the Vatican press, has not been able to trouble the inward peace and good testimony of any of them.' The appeal of the Old Catholics concludes with words which encourage us to hope that the Spirit of the living God is moving amongst them indeed and in truth. ' Men and brethren ! the individual man has in his own conscience, when he keeps true to it, an invincible divine power. See ! how we stand firm — none of us are crushed to the ground — and He who keeps us is God ! We must confess the Lord before men, in order that He may confess us before His heavenly Father. The heaped-up curse of him who excommunicates us unjustly calls down visibly upon us a richer blessing from heaven, and knits more inti mately our communion with the Unseen Head of the Church, Jesus Christ.' 