; THE NOVELIST. ;T ïïEE È FE A THE E'S. i, CHAPTER V.-THROWING A FLY. Ilarry Trelyon had a cousin named Juliott " Pénaluaa, who lived at Penzance with her father, an irascible old clergyman, who, while yet a poor ' curate, had the good fortune to marry Mrs. Trel ybn's sister. Miss Juliott was a handsome, healthy, 'English-looking girl, with blue eyes and brown eyes and brown hair, frank enough in her-ways, . fairly well-read, fond of riding and driving, and very'specially fond nf her cousin. There had never \- been any concealment about that. Master Harry, too, liked his cousin in a way, as he showed by his rudeness to her ; but he used plainly to tell her that ho would not marry her; whereupon she would be angry with him for his impertinence, and end by begging him to be good friends again. . At rlast she went, as her mother had done before vher, and encouraged the attentions of a fair, blue eyed, pensive young curate, who was full of beau tiful enthusiasms and idealisms, in which he .sought, to , interest the mind of this exceedingly practical young woman, who liked cliff-hunting, " and'had taught herself toi swim in the sea. Jiist before she pledged hov future to him, she wrote to ' .Harry Trelyon, plainly warning him of what was Agoing to happen. In a fashion she asked for his "advice. It was a timid letter for her to write, and 'she even 'showed some sentiment in it. The reply, ? written' in a coarse, sprawling, schoolboy hand,! was as follows:- I . p - « Trelyon Hall, Monday Afternoon. " ' '^Iböax' Jue,--AU right; ; You're "a fool to marry a parson. ' What wonld you like for a wedding ' present ? K'' - ' " Affectionately yours, ' ' , "HAIIBY TBELYON." Posts don't go very fast in Cornwall; but, just ,as soon as a'letter from Penzance could reach him, ' ; Master, Harry had his ans wer. And it was this : *,! V' '". " The Hollies, Penzance, Wednesday, j ',' Dear "Harry,-I am glad to receive a letter from.ydú in'which 'there is no ill-spelling. There . ia plenty' of ill-tempor, however, as usual. You may send your wedding presents to those who care ' for,them ; I don't. s ' "JULIOTT PENALTJNA." , Master Ilarry. burst into a roar of laughter when "he received that letter ; but, all the same, he could 'riot get his cousin to write him a line for months " thereafter. -No w, however, she had come to visit " some- friends at Wadebridge; and she agreed to 1 drive, over and join Mrs.' Trelyon's little dinner party, to which Mc. Roscorla had also been invited. ' Accordingly, in the afternoon, when Harry Trelyon '? was'seiited on the stone 9teps outside the Hall door, . engaged in. making artificial flies, Miss Penaluna ' drove up in a tiny chariot drawn by a beautiful "little pair pf ponies; and when tho boy had jumped '. down arid gone tb the ponies' heads, and when she had descended from the carriage, Master Harry ' thought it was time for him to lay aside his silk, rosin, feathers, and what riot, and go forward to meet her. .. I rv .-, . V;How are you, Jue P" he said, offering to kiss : lier, as was his custom j " and where's your young ; man?" ; ,-. , . . . ..She drow back,; (offended ; and then she looked . at him, and shrugged her. shoulders, and gave .him her cheok to-kisa. Hewasonlya boy¡after ...all.V. ;. . .J/'-: .: ' ,;??;' v.r.-.-' -, - . " Well, Ilarry, I am not going to quarrel with . :you," she said, with ¡ a' good-natured; smile ;al V though I suppose I r shall. have^ plenty of cause « before! go.,;..Are; you; as'rude as ever? Do you . talk a's ;much slang as ¡ever?". ? ¡ ? H'filjlikeito near; you-talk of slang!" he said. u< " Who calls . her ponies Brandy , and Soda P Weren't ,r. youiwild, Jue, when .Captain Tulliver caine up and ;.' said,'., Miss Penaluna, how are your deariAlmonds « i and'Raisins?'^ v ?:? ?-.-.ir -: :??->. I ii :"If .1 had given him a cut:with my whip,>I ? should have made, him dance," said Miss Juliott; . frankly. ; " then he would have forgotten to turn ? out his.toes. Harry, go and see if that boy has ? taken in my thiuga." .. ?. I won't/ There's plenty of time ; and I want , .to,talk-to you. I say, Jue, what made you go and get .engaged, down in Penzance? Why didn't, you , cast your eye in this direction ?" i.i¡!; f'Well,;of all the impertinent things that I ever i,'heard!" said Miss Juliott, very much inclined to \- !;box,his ears. '> Do you think I ever thought of ; marrying you ?" . » ; " .Yes,, 1 do,", he Baid, coolly ; " and you would .<? : throw over that parson in a minute, if 1 asked you í : -you know you would, Jue. But I'm not good v i enough for you." í> ¡ i 'Mndeed, you are not," sho said, with a toss of . j.the.hoad.! "I would take you fora gamekeeper, but not for a husband." ? :-.....'{ Much noed you'll liavo of a gamekeeper .when i voxiibecome Mrs. Tressider !" said he,'with a rude ? -.I laugh.' But I didn't mean myself, Jue. I meant that if you were going to marry a parson, you might have co ne here and had a choice. We'eau , show you.all sorts at thia house-fat and lean, steeples and beer-bavrols, bandy-legged and knock kneed, whicht-VVr you Uko- you'll always lind an -'« ample assortment on thedu elegant premises. The . stock is rather'low.'just now,-I think we've only ', two or three; but you're supplied already, ain't '!:.ypUi Jue? Well, I never expected it of you. You i were a good sort of chap at one time ; but I sup Ïïoso, you can't climb trees any more now. There 'll, let you gö into the house ; all the servants are >, waiting for you. If you see my grandmother, tell t her she must sit next meat dinner-if a parson V sits next me, I'll kill him." Just ns Miss Juliott passed into the Hall, a tall, fair-haired, gentle-faced woman, dressed wholly in .. white, and stepping v¿ry softly and silently, came .'. down the staircase, so that, iu tho twilight, she almost appeared to ho some angel descending from heaven. Sho came forward to her visitor with a on tho palo and wistful face, and took her hand and kissed her on the forehoad ; after which, and a few words of enquiry, Miss Panaluna was handed over to tho charge of a maid. Tho tall, fair woman passed noiselessly on, mid winit into a chamber at the further end of tho hall, aud shut tho door; and presently, the low, soft tones of a harmonium were hoard, appearing to come from Borne considerable \- distance, and yet filling the house with a melan choly and slumberous music Surely it could not be this gentle music-which brought to Master Harry's face a most un-Christ ian scowl ? What harm could there be in a solitary widow wrapping herself up in her imaginative sorrow, and saturating the whole of her feeble, impressionable, and withal kindly nature with a Naif-religious, half- poetic sentiment? What al though those days which she devoted to services tn memory of her relatives who were dead-and, most of ail, in memory of her husband, whom she had really loved-resembled, in some respects, the periods in which an opium-eater resolves to give himself up to the strange and .beautiful sensations beyond which he can imagine no form of happi ness? Mrs. Trelyon was nothing of a zealot or devotee. She held no particular doctrines; she did not even countenance High Church usages, except in so far a3 music and painting and dim religious lights aided her endeavours to produce a species of exalted intoxication. She did not believe herself to be a wicked sinner, and she could not understand the.earnest convictions and pronounced theology of the Dissenters around her. But she drank of religious sentiment aa other persona drink in beautiful music; and all the aids she could bring to beor in producing this feeling pf blind ecstacy she had collected together in the private chapel attached to Trelyon Hall. At this very moment she was seated there alone. The last rays of the sun shone through narrow windows -of painted glass, and carried beautiful colours with them into the dusk of. the curiously-furnished little building. She herself sate before a large harmon ium, and there was a stain of rose-colour and of violet on the white silk costume that she wore. It was one of her notions that, thoujrh black might well represent the grief immediately following the funeral of one's friends, pure white was the more appropriate mourning when one had become ac customed to their loss, and had turned one's eyes to the shining realms which they inhabit. Mrs. Trelyon never went out of mourning for her hus band, who had been dead over a dozen years ; but the mourning was of pure white, BO that she wan dered through the large and empty rooms of Trelyon Hall, or about the grounds outside, like a ghost, she was ordinarily silent, and shy, and light- footed. She was not much of a companion for the rude, impetuous, self-willed boy "whose education she had handed over to grooms and gamekeepers and to his own very prouounced in stincts. - The frown that came over the lad's handsome face as he sate on tho door-step, resuming his task pf making trout-flies, was caused by the appear ance of a clergyman, who came walking forward from one of the hidden paths in the garden. There was nothing really distressing or repulsive about the look of this gentleman ; although, on the other hand, there was nothing very attractive. He was^ of middle age and middle height ; he wore a rough* brown beard and moustache ; his face was grey and full of lines ; his forehead was rather narrow; and his eyes were shrewd and watchful. But for that occasional glance of the eyes, you would have taken him fora very ordinary, respectable, com mon-place person, not deserving of notice, except -for the length of his coat. When Master Harry saw him approach, however, a diabolical notion leapt into the young gentleman's head. : He had been practising the throwing bf flies against the wind ; and on the lawn were the several pieces of paper, at different distances,, at whioh he had aimed, while the slender trout-rod, with a bit of line and a fly at the end of it still dangling, was close by his hand. Instantaneously he put the rod against the waL', so that the hook was floating in front of the door just about the heijfh't of a man's ¡ head. Would the Rev. Mr. Barnes look at the door steps, rather than in front of him, in passing into the house, and so find artificial fly fastened in his nose ?, Mr. Barnes was no such fool. " lt is a pleasant afternoon, Mr. Trelyon," he said, in grave and measured accents, as he came up. ". . ? ~.Harry Trelyon nodded, as he smoothed out a bit of red-silk thread. Then Mr. Barnes went forward carefully put aside the dangling fly, and went into the house. " Tho fish won't rise "to-night," said Master .Harry to himself, with a grin ou his face. " But parsons don't take the fly readily ; you've got to catch them with bait; and the bait they like best is a widow's mite. And now, I suppose, I must go and dress for dinner ; and don't I wish I was going down to Mrs. Rosewarne's parlor instead !" But another had secured à better right to go into Mrs. Rosewarne's parlor. , CHAPTER VI.-THE .-AMONG THE TAYLORS. This other gentleman was also dressing for Mrs. Trelyon's dinner-party, and he was in a pleased frame of mind. Never before, indeed, had Mr. Ros corla been so distinctly and consciously happy. That forenoon, when his anxiety had become almost distressing-partly because he honestly liked Wenna llosewarne and wanted to marry her, and partly because he feared the mortification of a refusal-her letter had come ; and, ns he read the trembling, ingenuous, and not-very-well-coinposed lines and sentences, a great feeling of satisfaction stole over him, and he thanked her a thousand time3, in his heart, for havinggiveu him this relief And he was tho more pleased that it was so easy to deal with a written cousent. He was under no embarrassment as to how he should express his gratitude, or as to whether he ought to kiss her. He could manage correspondence better than a per sonal interview. He sate down and wrote her a very kind and even affectionate letter, telling her that he would not intrude himself too soon upon her, especially as he had to go up to Trelyon Hall that evening ; and saying, too, that, in any case, ho could never expect to tell her how thankful he was to her. That she would find out from his con duct to her during their married life. But to his great surprise, Mr, Roscorla found that the writing and sending off of that letter did not allay the extraordinary nervous excitement that had laid hold of him. He could not rest. He called in his housekeeper, and rather astonished that elderly person by saying he was much pleased with her services, and thereupon ho presented her with a sovereign to buy a gown, Then he went into the garden, and meant to occupy himself with his flowers ; but he found himsolE Btaring at them without seeing them. Then he went back to his parlor and took a glass of sherry to Btoady Iiis nerves-but in vain. Then he thought he would go down to the inn, and ask to see Wenna; but again he changed his mind, for how was he to meet the rest of the family without being prepared for the interview ? Probably he never knew how he passed these two or three hour3 : but at length the time came for him to dress for dinner. And, as he did so, the problem that occupied his mind was to discover the probable reasons that had induced Wenna Rosewarne to promipe to be his wife. Had her parents advised her to marry a man who could at least render her future safe ? Or, had she taken pity on his loneliness, and been moved by some hope of reforming his ways and habits of thinking P Or, bad she been won over by his pictures of her increased influence among the people around her ? He could not tell. Perhaps, he said to himself, she said yes because she had not the courage to. say no. Perhaps she had been convicted by his arguments that the wild passion of love, for which youth is" supposed to long, is a dangerous thing; and was there mt constantly before her eyes ah. example of the jealousy, and quarrelling, and misery that may follow that fatal delirium? Or, it might be-and here Mr. Roscorla more nearly approached the truth-that this shy, sensitive, self-distrustful girl had been so sur prised to find herself of any importance to any one, and so grateful to him for his praise of her, and for this highest mark of appreciation that a man can bestow, that her sudden gratitude softened her heart, and disposed her to yield to his prayer. And who could tell but that this present feeling might lead to a still warmer feeling, under the generous influencé of a constant kindness 'and appreciation ? It was with something "of wonder and almost pf dismay-and with a wholly new sense of his own unworthiness:-that Mr. Roscorla found himself. regarding- the possibility of. his winning a young girl's first love. Never before in his life-not even in his younger days, when he had got a stray hint that he would probably meet a duchess and her three daughters at a particular party-had he. dressed with so much care. He was, on the. whole, well pleased with himself. He had. to admit that his grey hair was changing to white ; but many people considered white hair, with a hale com plexion, rather an ornament than otherwise For the rest, he resolved that he would never dress again to go to any party to which Miss Wenna Rosewarne was not also invited. He would not decorate himself for mere strangers and acquaint ances. ' He put on a light top-coat and went out into the quiet summer evening. There was a scent of roses in the air, and the great Atlantic waa beau tiful and Btill ; it was a time for lovera to be walk ing through twilit woods, or in honeysuckle lanes, rather than for a number of people, indifferent to eaeh other, to sit down to the vulgar pleasures of the table. He wished that Wonna Rosewarne had been of that party. . There were two or three children at his gate bright-cheeked, clean, and well- clad, as all the Eglosilyan children are-and when they saw him come out, they ran away. He was ashamed of this; for, if Wenna had seen it, ehe would have been grieved. He called on them to come back ; they stood in the road, not sure of him. At length a little woman of six came timidly along to him, and looked at him with her big, wondering, blue eyes. He patted her head, and asked her name, and then he put his hand in his pocket. .The others finding that their ambassador had not been be headed on the spot, came up also, and formed a little circle, a cautious yard or two off. . "Look here," he said to the eldest; "here ia a shilling, and you go, and buy sweetmeats, and divide them equally among you. Or, wait a bit come along with me, the whole of you, and we'll se« whether Mrs. Deane has got any cake for you," He drove,the flock, of them into that lady's kitchen, much to her consternation, and there he, left them. But he had not got' half way through the little garden again, when he turned back, and went to the door, and called in to the chil dren- .? ? ? ? ?~ " Mind you can swing on the gate whenever you like, so long as you take care and don't'hurt your selves." ? . And so he hurried away again: and he hoped that some day, .when he and Wenna Rosewarne were passing, she would see the children swinging oh his gate, and she would be pleased that they did.j not runaway. . Your Polly has never been false she declares - he tried to hum the air, as he had often heard Wenna hum it, as he walked rapidly down the hill and along a bit of the valley, and then up one of the great gorges lying behind Eglosilyan, He had j avoided the road ihat went by the inn ; he did not j wish to see any of the Rosewarnes just then. More over, his rapid walking was not to save time, for he had plenty of that; but to give himself the proud assurance that he was still in excellent 1 wind. Misa Wenna must not imagine that she was marrying an old man. 'Give him but as good a horse as Hirry Trelyon's famous Dick, and he would ride that dare-devil young gentleman for a wag°r to Launceston and back. Why, he had only arrived at that period when a sound constitution reaches ita- maturity. Old, or even elderly P He switched at weeds with' his cane, and was consci ous that he was in the prime of life. At the same time, he did not like the notion of younger men than himself lounging about Mrs. Rosewarne's parlor ; and he thought he might just as well give Harry Trelyon a hint that Wenna Rosewarne was engaged. An excellent opportunity was offered him at this moment ; for as he went up through the grounds to the front oE the Hall, he found Master Harry induatrioualy throwing a fly at certain bits of paper on the lawn. He had re sumed thiB occupation, after having gone inside and dressed, as a handy method of passing the time until his cousin Jnliott should appear. " How do you do, Trelyon ?" said Mr. Roscorla, in a friendly was ; and Harry nodded. " I wish I could throw a fly like you. By-the-bye, I have a little bit oE news for you-for yourself alone, mind." "All right; fire away," said Master Harry, still making the fine line of the trout-rod whistle through the air. " Well, it is rather a delicate matter, you know. I don't want it talked about j but the fact is, I am going to marry Miss Rosewarne." TheBe was no more aiming at those bits of paper. The tall and handsome lad turned and stared at his companion ns if the latter had been a maniac; and then he seid- . " Miss Rosewarne ? "Wenna Rosewarne P" "Yes," eaid Mr. Roseorla, distinctly conscious that Harry Trelyon was rsgarding hiB white hair and general appearance. The younger man said nothing more, but began to whistle in an absent way; and then, just às if Mr. Roscorla had no existence whatever, lie pro ceeded to reel in the lino of his rod, he fastened the fly to one of the riDga, and then walked off. ? "You'll find my mother inside," he said; and eo Mr. Roscorla went into the Hall, and was soon in Mrs. Trelyon's drawing-room, among her six or eight guests. ilarry Trelyon did not appear until dinner wa« announced; and then he was just in'time to take hie grandmother in. He took care, also, to have his cousin Juliott on his other sido ; and, to both of these ladies, it was soon apparent that some thing had occurred to put Master Harry into one of his most insolent and rebellious moods. . "Harry?" said his mother, from the other end of the table, as an intimation that he should say grace. , ' . ;. . , . There was no response, despite Miss,. Juliott's appealing look ; and so Mrs. Trelyon had to . turn for assistance to one of the clergyman near her, who went through the prescribed form. . " Isn't it shocking ?" said Miss Penaluna,. across the table, to Harry's grandmother, who was not nearly so severe on him, for such conduct, as! she ought to have been. " Grace before meat takes too much for granted," said the youngman, with a cool impudence. " How ean you tell whether you are thankful until you see what sort of dinner it is P And what's the use of feeding a dog, and barking yourself ? Ain't there thr^e parsons down there ?" Miss Juliott, being engaged to a clergyman, very naturally resented this language ; and the two cousins had rather a stormy fight/at- the end of which Master Harry turned to lus grandmother and declared that she was the only woman of com mon sense he had ever known. " Well, it runs in the blood, Harry," said the old lady, "that dislike to clergymen; and I never could find out any reason for it, except when your grandfather hunted poor Mr. Pascoe that night. Dear, dear ! what a jealous man your grandfather was, to be sure ; and the way he used to pet me when I told him I never saw tha man I'd look at af ter seeing him. Dear, dear!-and the day he sold those two manors to the Company, you know, he came back at night and said I was as good a wife as any in England-he did, indeed-and the bracelet he gave me then, that shall go to your wife on your wedding-day, Harry, I promise you, and you won't find its match about this' part of the country, I can tell you. But don't you go and sell the lordship of Trelyon. Many a time your grandfather was asked to sell it, and he did well by selling the other two ; but Trelyon he would never sell, nor your father, and I hope you won't either, Harry. Let them work the quarries for you-that is fair enough-and give you your royalty ; but don't part with Trelyon, Harry, for you might as well be parting with your own name." " Weil l can't grandmother, you know; but I am fearfully in want of a big lump of money, all the same." "Money? what do you want with á lot of money ? You're not going to take to gambling or horse-racing, are you ?" " i can't tell you what I want it for-not at pre sent, any way," said the lad, looking rather'gloomy and, with that, the subject dropped, anda brief silence ensued at that end of the table. ? 1 Mr. Tressider, .however, the mild and amiable ' young curate to whom Miss Juliott was engagad, having been rather left out in the cold, struck in at this moment, blushing slightly.' ? - - ' ; ' "I heard you say something about the lordships of manors," he observed, addressing himself rather to Trelyon's grandmother, " Did it ever occur to you what a powerful thing a word from William the Conqueror must have been, when it could give to a particular person and his descendants absolute possession of a piece of the globe ?" Mrs. Trelyon stared at the young man. Had a relative of hers gone and engaged'' herself to a dangerous Revolutionary, who, in the guise of a priest, dared to trifle with the tenure of land? Mr. Tressider was as innocent of any such intention as the babe unborn ; but he was confused by her look of astonishment, he blushed more violently than before, and only escaped from his embarrassment by the good services of Miss Penáluna, who turned the whole matter into ridicule, and asked what William the Conqueror was about when he lot a piece of the world come into the hands of Harry Trelyon. ? ? "And how deep down have you a hold on it Harry ?" she said. '. How far does your right over the minerals of the earth extend? Prom the sur face right down to the centre?" ',' Mr. Tressider was emilling vaguely when Master Harry's eye fell upon him. What harm had the i young clergyman, or any other clergyman'present, done him, that he should have felt a sudden dislike to, that ingenuous smile? - . "Oh, no," said Trelyon, with a carelessimperti ' nence, and loud enough for two or three to hear. " William the Conqueror didn't allow the rights of i the lord of the manor to extend right down to the I middle of the earth. There were a-good many clergymen about him ; and they reserved that dis j trict for their own purposes." . I " Harry," said his cousin to him, in a low voice; " is it your wish to insult me ? If so, I will leave the room." "Insult you," he said, with a laugh. "Why, Jue, you must be out of your senses. What con cern have you in that warmish region ?" " I don't appreciate jokes on such subjects. My father is a clergyman, my husband will be a clergy man " The greater fool you," he observed, frankly, hut so that no one could hear. " Harry," she said; " what do you mean by your dislike to clergymen ?" "Is that a conundrum?" said the unregenerate youth. For a moment, Miss Penaluna seemed really vexed and angry ; but she happened to look a* Master Harry, and, somehow, her displeasure SUD sided into a look of good-natured resignation. Thero wis the least little shrug of the sho ula ere and then she turned to her neighbour on the right, and began to talk about ponies. It was certain!- nota pleasant dinner-party for those who sate near this young gentleman, -who was nure outrageously rude and capricious than ever, except when addressing his grandmother, to whom he was always courteous, and even roughly affectionate. That old lady eyed him narrowly, and could not quito make out what was the mat her. Had he been privately engaged in some ba ting transaction that he should want this money ? .When the ladies left the room, Trelyon asked Mr. Roscorla to take his place for a few minutes, and send round the wines ; and then he wen out and called his mother aside into the study. "Mother," he said, "Mr. Roscorla is "going to marry Wenna Rosewarne." The tall, fait, palo lady did not seem much startled by the news. She had very little acquaint ance with the affairs of the village ; but she knew at least that the Rosewarnes kept the inn, and she had, every morning, seen Mrs. Rosewarne and her two daughters come into church. " That is the elder one, is it not, who sings in the choir ?" "It's the elder one," said Master Harry, who .knew less about the choir. " It is a strange choice for Mr. Roscorla to make," she observed. " I have always considered him very fastidious, and rather proud of his family. But some men take strange fancies in choosing a wife." " Yes, and some women take precious strange fancies in choosing a husband," said tho young man, rather warmly. " Why, she's worth twenty dozen of him. I don't know what the dickens made her liston to the old fool-it is a monstrous shame, that's what I call it. I suppose he's fright ened the girl into it, or bought over her father, or made himself a hypocrite, and got some parson to intercede, and scheme, and tell lies for him." " Harry," said his mother ; " I don't understand why you should interest yourself in the matter." " Oh, don't you ? Well, it'» only this-that I consider that girl to be the best sort nf woman I've met yet-that's all; and, I'll tell you what I mean to do, mothei-I mean to give her five thousand pounds, so that she shan't come to that fellow in a dependent way, and let him, give him self airs over her because he's been born a gentle man." " Five thousand pounds !" Mrs. Trelyon repeated, wondering whether her son had drank too much wine at dinner. " Well but look here, mother," he said, quite pre pared for her astonishment. "You know I've spent \ very little-I've never spent anything like what I'm entitled to; and next year I shall be of age : and all I want now, is for you to help me to get a release, you know; and I nm sure I shall be able to persuade old Colonel Ransome to it, for he'll see it is not any bit of extravagance on my part-speculation, or anything of that sort, you know-" " My dear child," said Mrs. Trelyon, startled, for once, into earnestness, "you will make people believe you are mad. To give five thousand pounds to the daughter of an innkeeper, a perfect stranger, as a marriage dowry-why, Harry, what do you think people would say of such a thing ? What would they say of her ?" He looked puzzled for a moment, as though he did not understand her. It was but for a moment. "If you mean what one of those parsons would . say of lier," he said, impetuously,-while a sudden flash of, anger sprang to his face, "I don't care; but my answer to it would be to kick him round the grounds and out at the gate. Do you think I'd .care a brass farthing for anything these cringing . sneaks might say of her, or of me. br of anybody ? And would they dare to say it if you asked her here, and made a friend of her ?" : " Make a friend of ker !" repeated Mrs. Trelyon, almost mechanically. She clid not know what length this terrible son of hers might not go. ." If she is going to marry a friend of yours, why not?" " Harry, you are most unreasonable-if you will think it over for a moment, you will see how this is impossible. If Mr. Roscorla marries this girl, that is his own affair ; he will hav society enough at home, without wishing to go out and dine. He is doing it with his eyes open, you maybe sure: lie has far more knowledge of such affairs than you can have. How could I single out this girl ' from her family to make her a friend ? I should have to ask her parents and her sister to come .here'also, unless you wish her to come on suffer ance, and throw a reflection on them." She spoke quite calmly, but he would not listen to her. He chafed and fidgeted, and said, as soon as she had finished . " You could do it v«ry well, if 'you liked. When J, a woman is willing she can always smooth matters *. down, and you might liave that girl as a companion ..for you, and a much better companion than a lot , of long-coated sneaks of parsons." Mrs. Trelyon flushed slightly, and said, with clear emphasis : ".I presume that T am best fitted to say what society I shall keep ; and I shall have no acquain ? tance thrust upon me-whom I would rather not recognise." _ "Oh, very well," said the lad, with the proud lips giving evidence of some sudden decision. , " And you won't help me to get that five thousand pounds?" "I will not. I will not countenance any such , folly." "Then I shall have to raise the money my self." ; He rang a bell, and a servant appeared. " Tell Jakes to saddle Dick and bring him rouud .directly," His mother let him haye his own way, without word or question ; for she was deeply offended, ' and her feeble and sensitive nature had risen in protest against his tyranny. He went off to put on a pair of riding'boots and a top-coat; and by ahd-by ho came down into tho hall again, and went to the door. The night was clark, but clear ; there was a blaze of stars overhead ; all the world seemed to be quivering with those white throbs < of fire. The horse and groom stood at the door, their dusky figures being scarcely blacker than the trees and bushes around. Harry Trelyon but toned up the collar of his light top-coat, took Iris. switch in his hand, and sprung into tho saddle. At the same moment the white figuf e of a lady ' appeared at the door, and came down a stop or, two, aud said " Harry, where are you going ?" "To Plymouth first," the young nian.answered, as he rode oft, " to London afterwards, and then to the devil !" (TO BE CONTINUED.) 