Sydney Town Talk. Only two guineas a yoar ! Not a tithe of what man; of us spend a month on fiddling and folly, to sa; nothing bf superfluous eating and drinking and al sorts of carnal indulgences wo should be much betto without. Yet this Bmall sum, according to Mr. Justio Hargrave, at theRagged School meeting tho other night means, or may mean, if wo choose so to expend it, : human life saved from ignorance and crime, to sa; nothing of a human soul saved from yet darker fate About three hundred children, it seemB, were rescue« from the streets by the Hagged School last year at the coBt of £G00, so that as his Hono: put it, every person who subscribes to tb! institution two guineas per annum may securi for one child at least partial education, ant something like a fair start in some path of honest in dustry. Now, there are almost any number of us t< whom two guineas a year, more or less, would bo n« great matter, and there aro any number of raggec j children to whom the said two guineas might make al j the difference between a lifo of degradation and com. parative decency. Yet nothing is more certain that ! that most of us will forget all about th< Ragged School and Mr. Justice Hargrave'! excollent suggestion before the week is out. or at any rate long before we have laid our two guineal a head on the altar of this most beneficent charity. Of course, however, people cannot give to everythinj or please everybody. It was made a reproach tt SydHey society the other day that it would not pa] fifteen shillings a night to see a great actress, and no^ we are told that we ought to submit cheerfully to t poll-tax of two guineas a year for the benefit of th< t rising generation who happen also to be ragged. To morrow it will be something else-possibly a genera' I complaint that we haven't all got money enough tc I take us in a coach and four to Randwick. "When Sir Alfred Stephen, at the Cruelty to Animal! j Society's mee'ing, charged " the Press here, or t I portion of it," with opposing législation on tit subject on the ground of the sentimentality of those i who advocated greater stringency of the law, it is a pity that he wasn't a little more definite, and did not tell us what portion of the Press and the nature of the proposed legislation. At any rate our withers are un wrung. We havo always most cordially endorsed thc efforts of the society, and urged its claims to public support, and if we did I not as cordially support Sir Alfred Stephen's measure of last session, it was only because there is such, a thing, in the way of cruelty to animals, as riding a hobby-horse to death ; and the learned gentleman seemed to us to be doing it. His bill was no doubt excellent in intention, but it gave enormous powers to magistrates ; and there is no reason why even cruelty to animals should be made to involve every possible and even probable injustice to human beings. Take oven the case of Sir Alfred Stephen's special favourites, the rats. To roast a rat in an oven is no doubt t very horrible act, and one 1B not surprised to hear that the perpetrator of it came to the gallows. 'But is it any less cruel to poison these interesting animals wholesale as is done daily, or-to catch them quivering by the leg in a trap 1 The torment of death by arsenic or strychnine is certainly not worse than that of fire, yet the one would be held legitimate killing and the other cruel murder, and we confess we should not like to have so delicate an issue for ourselves pending, say, on the powers of ratiocination of somo learned J .P. "Her Majesty the Queen desires the expression of her sympathy with and inquiry for Mrs. Goodenough." This simple announcement surely has a world of elo quent meaning. There have been so many notable in stances of the Queen's ever thoughtful consideration and deep feeling for her faithful servants in all parts of the world, that no one would be surprised at receiving one more, even if there were no such special reasons for the expression of her Majesty's sympathy, as wo believe there are in this case. Never has a brave man fallen in the Queen's service unmarked by her whoso own high courage and love of duty as a .Sovereign are only equalled by her tender ness as a woman, What is really remarkable in this instance is the startling proof it affords of the genuine one-ness of the widespread empire which boasts so noble a head. Ono has often heard of "eleotrio sympathy" between individuals, and not always a vory safe sympathy it is. Hore wo have an eleotrio sympathy, of which nothing can be said but good, between tho uttermost ends of that vast Empiio upon which the sun never sets. It was on Monday that the news of the brave Commodore's murder fell upon Sydney with tho startling effect of one of his own ship's bombshells, and in a few hours the sad sound of his funeral guns hit<l re-echoed round the world ; our grief was all England's, and the widow wm j comforted with the condolence of her Queen. It is, perhaps, the most striking instance we have yet had of the efficacy of the new eleotrio bonds that unite us to our fellow-countrymen almost all tho world over under a common sorrow all the many pulses that make up tho " mighty heart" of tho British empire beating aa one. The "gallants of Melbourne" would seem to be very gallant. A member of Parliament in that city of the name of Mason insulta a well-known lady« (Miss Lucy Chambers) by objecting to her obesity as taking up too muoh room in an omnibus, and on . being properly slapped in the face by the offended dame for his impudence, givea her in charge for assault, when a Melbourne magis trate fines her. one shilling. Wp suppose his Worship could hardly do less, since the peace must be preserved even with cads and blackguards ; it Jwould certainly be rough. travelling if ladies, stout or otherwise, wore' alway» allowed to take the law into their owa.fair fingers with impunity. Bat wo do not hear that Mr. Mason, M,PM; has yet sounded the bottom of a horse pond or tested the thong of a horse-whip, whioh would seem to show that justice does not always whirl with equal measure in Melbourne any more than, elsewhere. Certainly a slap in the faoe from, tho lady in question would probably be almost as seriouR an affair as being sat upon by her, and ono is nfc least glad, to hear that in avoiding Scylla, Mr. Mason, M.P., did not escape Charybdis. There has been rather, a singular succession of sensa tional oases lately in the Supreme Court. AB com pared with the general run of "business" in that usually somewhat drowsy place of public entertain ment, that of the last fortnight or so may bo described as. deoidedly lively-something equivalent to light comedy or "leggy" burlesque in the place of the usual solid fare of heavy drama. First of all there was the veritablo " sensation," where the assumed villain of the piece was a certain well-known reverend gentle man, but with the happy conclusion of virtue vin dicated and injured innocence washed considerably whiter than snow. Then came tho startling melo drama of "tho Money-lender and tho Misor," in which the principal characters were a popular politician, a miser's ghost, and three or four live attorneys, and here again we are happy to say tho ! moralities were observed and virtue was triumphant. This was quickly followed by a third piece of so very sensational a character that the bare rumour of it sufficed to crowd.the Court with tho impatient audience, when lo ! the curtain fell ore it had well risen, and tho ex pectant public wero left lamenting without even the satisfaction of "money returned at the doors." j The pretty village of Picton must have wondered at the "sound of revelry" that woke the echoes in its usually peaceful hills on Monday afternoon. A great chef tain had come there, and a goodly feast had been I spread, and "Walhalla itself never rang louder over the mighty deeds of heroes than did tho dining-room of the George Inn with good, hearty British cheers ia I honour of Mr. Thomas Garrett. Of course the main object was to express sympathy with that, gentleman ia the rather rough ordeal ho has passed through lately, and haply turn that great blunder on tho part of his opponents to some political account. Thus the Chairman, whether inspired or not by tho presence of his clergyman at the festive board we cannot say, was inclined to think that the finger of Providence could distinctly bo traced in the failure of the schemes to ruin their illustrious t guest, a view of the case which with a man less modest than Mr. Garrett might be attended with objection able consequences. Of course it may be said that Providence has its fingers in most pies, but when a man comes to consider himself, or his friend, a sort of " chosen vessel" marked out for the special protection of Providence, he is apt to talk what looks like nonsense to his less favoured fellow-creatures. Mr. Garrett wan mainly indebted for his escape from the machinations! of his enemies to the excellent manner in whioh he looked out for himself-a ranch better trust than Pro vidence in political party fights-and while keeping his own powder dry, sprung their little mine for them. That ho had lots of friends on his side was duo in great measure to the sneaking, cowardly manner of the attack ; and the great lesson of the wholo affair (of whioh by the way it is to be hoped wo have heard the last), is that in this, as in any other British com munity, fair play is*still held a jewel and foul but a certain synonym for defeat and scorn. It is so seldom that Mr. Dalley's silver tongue is un* kissed to charm us now- a-days that one must bo thank* ful even for such a small morey in that line as an after dinner impromptu. His speech at the Picton demon* stration was a characteristic ono in many ways. The learned gentleman led off with an eloquent eulogiumof the " House of Peers," of which he ÍB SO bright an ornament, as for the most part composed of venerable Fathers of the State-the genuine founders of our liberties, who, " in days long gono by had laid the foundation Btones of the great and wide prosperity of which modern politicians complacently con* I cioved themselves to bo both tho architects and the builders." This seems rather a hard hit for the eloquent speaker's own political associates, most of whom will certainly come under tho head of " modern politicians ;" but doubtless only meant that old gentlemen who in their day have done the State some service should not bo laughed at in their second ohildhood, especially if they aro well off, keep car riages, and give dinner parties, and have seatB in the Legislative Oounoil. But it was scarcely a happy com parison that of the old gentlemen of tho Upper House with the " noblo weapons of old and brilliant struggles " which a generous and grateful people would never throw away» " Noblo old weapons" may havo their uso, no doubt, as inspiriting memorials of the past, but aro not likely ta be of much uso in modern battle-fields, and in any case it is not very complimentary to the veteran Fathers of tho State to liken thom to so muon old iron. Thea with a passing expression *f ibis distrust of most auto biographies-rather a curiouB confession for so famous a biographer-ho went on to equally eloquent praise of tho " golden youth" of New South .Wales, who in such numbers, it seems, havo offered or are willing to offer themselves to the service of their country. Wo oan guess the. particular instances whioh Mr. Dalley had in his mind's eye when he spoke of " a number of young men of great fortune and ambitious to Borve their country," who have lately entered the Assembly, and are glad that he can take BO hopeful a view of tho probablo public UBufuluess of his friends. No doubt it is well that public men should be independent in means as well as in spirit, and other things being equal, Mr. Dalley is quite right to prefer the rich .patriot to tho 1 poor one. But the curious thing ia to find that we have any patriots at all. It was only the other day at another dinner, that we wero told by another native orator that patriotism was aa dead in the land-aa Parkes-ism, if indeed they had not died together, that thoro was not one worthy " Bon of the soil," no not one valiant enough to fight against the gloomy shadows that surround us, and " save the country, Sir !' Now we hear on, it is to be hoped, better authority, that there are any number of such worthy sons of worthy sires-noble young weapons as well as noble old ones-ready to fight for their Fatherland against any sbadowB whatever, but especially against the baneful, Upaa-àhadow of false, poisonous, per jured faction. 