THE LAURA RACES. If tenders had been called in the Northern Argus, discussed, and considered by all' the weather wiseacres of this Northern metropolis they could not have decreed better weather either for travelling or sports. than your special correspondent and his friends had to cany out a long-cherished project to visit Laura and witness the races, with a team, the pick of our worthy Jehu's stable, specially " oated" and got up for the occasion, «nd in one of the most comfort able traps from his extensive collection of such conveniences. We started not at the early hour we intended, but after the tho rough and complete discussion of the Pick wickian chops and tomato sauce, with an addendum of the teal moeca. The road was good, our companions what companions ought to be, cheerful without being bois terous, witty without sarcasm, good- natured and good-humored, and thus tbe 22 miles to Yacka were the first halt was made were very pleasantly passed. Attention to the horses was our fust duty, their kindly going demanding this, and then to oucselves. Luncheon, moistened down with " Allsop's," and then away again merrily crossing the Broughton, at this, the best crossing on the river, speeding on through newly taken-up farms, or perhaps over holdings, showing that this is not the least of the fertile areas. Over the rises past the old hut, now con verted into a comfortable farm house; but well remembered in the past as standing lonely in its. little sheep camp, the in mates ofttimes offering cheerful hospi tality to the tired, weary traveller; and, yet again well remembered by some of us, as that break in our first long journey to Melrose^ long prior to telegraph poles and fences, when from Anama to Booyoolie our eyes had been glazed by the long uninter rupted sweeps of stunted tree-topped ridges ana porcupine. On we go, our horses well wto their work, a clear sky over our heads, a cool breeze fanning our fair cheeks, passing theponnd, betimes cheerily hailing a passing friend or mayhap pausing to ask his aid in. consuming that refreshment so necessary to travellers, and so into Georgetown. Here again with many hand-shakings we meet our many friends; another call upon our English brewing benefactor, a word by the wire to the dear ones at home that so far our safety is assured, and then on with a brief call at Gladstone, where we noticed the Government township already pegged, out only waiting for the word and the auction hammer; and where also lying ready are poles and wire soon to be used in bringing this pretty spot into the magib ring of electric contact; and then along the park-like road the foiiage of the- gams blending harmoniously with the long white grass. Again we pass farms, perhaps more English-like in their appearance than those lower down, reaching Laura before six p.m. Laura was lively, and business seemed to be brisk to judge by the number of people and teams about. In the evening Laura got more lively, and even musical talent (local,) in the shape of bones, banjo, andcon cerdna, running a strong opposition against Harpist and Joe the Fiddler; eleven o'clock and quietness, and then to bed, a good night's sleep, and up with the lark ; but, as the American biographer says, we didn't sleep with the lark. A visit to the course before breakfast, showed that the stewards' were not laggards. It was well cleared, and veiy prettily situated, and by far the best country course we have seen for a long time, the hnrdles not very high, but strong to our mind; another panel to the wings would have improved them; the result of the racing, however, showed they were all that was required. .The course began to assume a race-like appearance about 12 o'clock. Mine Host's Sampson's trap was in commission in bringing down passenger from the Township, about three-quarters of a mile away. A good many walked, and more had their own vehicles and traps, altogether making the road lively. A good many visitors from long distances -were seen all the area towns sendiug representrtives and some (as your special), coming from the older centres. The, racing commenced a little after 1 o'clock, the intervals being well kept, and thus the whole of the events were over before sun-down. Host Simpson's booth, with, three other smaller ones, supplied the creature comforts. The attendance was greatest about 2 or 3 o'clock, between 300 and 400 being then present. Good order was main tained, enjoyment being the word passed round. The weather was lovely, a cool southern breeze and a light cloudy sky proclaiming it a racing day. Subjoined are the events:— maidens. Of 15 sots., one mile. Mr- A, S. Murray's, Superstition .. 11 Mr. N. Sowton's Mosquito .. .. 2 0 Mr.-H. Yogt's Mack. Superstition took the lead and was never collared, winning easily; Mosquito a bad second, Mack distanced. The three again started, but it was evident from the start that it was Superstition's race, the others hot having the ghost of chance. However patriotic it $may be to enter a horse, as one of the owners of the horses was heard to say, just to keep the thing up, the spectators certainly got little satisfaction in so kind an intention. X.AUBA HANDICAP. Of 40 sovs., with a sweep of 4 soys. Two niiles. Mr. H. Crabb's Veto, (Nunn) .. .. 1 -Mr. J. .George's Why Not .. .. 2 Mr. A. S. Murray's Conceit. The three started well, Conceit and Veto going together for a mile and a half, when Conceit had by that time had enough of it and lagged. When Why Not attempted it Nunn took it easy, the pair going together in the straight, when the horse went ahead and won easily by a length. HURDLES. Of 20 so vs., with a sweep of 2 sove. Two miles, over six jumps. Mr. N. Sowton's Alice Grey, (Ward) .. 1 Mr. John Reid's Warwick .. 2 Mr. James Murray's Myrtle, (late Cup bearer.) Alice Grey went away with the lead, hat baulked at the first jump, and was then passed by Warwick who took the fence and maintained the lead to the third jump and then baulked. The mare then came up and took the lead again taking all her jumps and winning easily. Warwick after falling at four hurdles, giving his rider some awkward busters, succeeded in coming in second; Myrtle after various visicitudes coming in third. TOWN PLATE. Of 20 sovs., with a sweep of 2 sovs. One mile and a half; weight for age. Mr. J. George's Tommy, (late Touchit) 1 Mr. H. Crabb's Veto. The pair started together the grey keeping ahead till half way round when the bay came up and the raced together until reach ing the straight, when the grey succeeded ilo increasing the distance, the spur being kept well at work, and won by half-a-length, both flogging and finishing well. HACKS. Of 10 sovs., one mile and a half; heats. Mr. A. S. Murray's Shamrock .. 11 Mr. A. Reid's Countess .. .. 2.2 Mr. J. C. Potts's Colleen. Mr. H. Meyer's Tommy Dodd. Mr. "H. Vogt's Little Nell. Mr. J. Shaughnessy's Ffeedom. Mr. A. M. Jaffrey s Chum. Mr. J. Fergusson's Rifleman. Mr. N. Sowton's Mosquito. Mr. R. Hoare's Polly. Id the first heat they all started well, changing places several times. Eventually Shamrock took the lead keeping it to the post, Countess a good second, the rest all behind. The second heat was a repetition of the the first. Odds were freely offered on Shamrock who in running took and maintained the lead, Countess again being second. HtTEitY sluhey. Ten horses started, rushing round pell mell. Mr. J. Francis's Freedom was the winner, Mr. J. Holland's Larrikin (late Dariaej) being second. This ended the day's sport, which was thoroughly enjoyed by all, and which from close observance had not been inferred by any serious mishap or accident, neither did we see any occasion calling for the inter vention of the three able members of the Police force who were present. The .Return Home Was equally enjoyable—a split-soda at parting, severing a relationship with Laura certainly brief, but also very gratifying, the same -pleasant weather still continuing. A halt at Booyoolee and a look at Honestish, who sbows fine fettle; also at the Tregagle and Talk-o'-tlie-Hills colts, who are very fine youngsters, all of which were shown us by the urbane manager of Mr. H. B. Hughes, who, in his extensive stabling and complete stud arrangements, pro ves his strong attach ment to the noblest of the sports. To Georgetown, whose Hibernian instincts well remembered that it was St. Patrick's Day. Well push on, our box seat friend getting tired. A few miles in the bracing wind re vived him, and again our spirits rise the mirthful anecdote, the apt quotation, and quaint story serving to beguile. the fleeing miles. To Yacka again, where the cap that cheers alone awaits us; this we inbibe. Again we mount, finishing the last few miles by moonlight, finally reaching home about nine, after three days' pleasant trip, which will be long remembered as one of the most pleasant in our lives. 