LA FILLE DU i DIABLE. A. TAIiB OF WKLBOBltlVB LiIFE. BY DONALD CAMERON, AUTHOR OF " SCRIPOPOMS." Chapter X. — ( Continued .) And a number of lights dazzled about Ben's eyes. He made an effort to de fend himself, but the attack was sudden. George was such a stout young fellow, and his own guilty conscience unstrung his nerves that ha had to submit to an unmerciful beating. George stopped at last, his face red with passion, his frame heaving with excitement. «y0u mean rascally coward.1' said George ; " remember what I have given you, and tell Rachel whenever she wants a home, and I know you will not provide her with one long, her brother will receive her again. As for you, don't fear but you'll meet your reward. Those who turn on their best friends, and deceive the people who love them, are not likely to some to any good. Poor, poor Rachel 1 Miserable girl. She thinks you love her, when you're given over body and soul to Bessy Willis. But Bessy won't have pou, there's your punishment." And with a dark expression in his face, he passed out. " I couldn't fight him," said Ben apologetically to the spectators, " for e's her brother." George wandered about for a while aimlessly. At least he made up his mind that he could not stay in the city any longer, to witness his sister's shame He resolved to sell bis little belongings and go to Sandhurst. There he would try and lead a new life. He would send his address te Rsohel's old friends, and perhaps that would save her from a more terrible fate. Chapter XI. — Hubert Tries it oh. An Evening at Carse o' Gowrie. -Mrs. Stanloy broaches an important Subject. — Hubert horri fies his Parents.— The Strugglo between Parents and Child. — Misory at Carse o' Cowrie. No visitor had been dining at Carse o' Gowrio that evening. It had been a very hot day, and every one felt ex tremely exhausted. Mr. Stanley had adjourned to the garden to have a smoke, and Mrs. Stanley sank into her armchair to enjoy a dose. Hubert sat at the piano, and strummed over some Luoia di Lammermoor . mueic, looking now and then at his mother, as if desir ing to begin the attack but fearing to risk his hopes. He thought it would be better to break the matter first to his mother. He had always beon able to wheedle ber, although she was about the hardest and most practioal woman on the faoe of the earth. His band- some face and winning "voioe always worked wonderB. But on this ocoasion Mrs. Stanley was to take the initiative. " Huby " — he was named after a Sassenach friend— said Mrs. Stanley, who, though she appeared asleep, in. reality was ever pondering over variouB schemes, the principal one being Hubert's marriage with Flora Meo- pherson. " Yes, mother,'' said the young" rascal, going over most dutifully to where his mother sat, and leaning over her ohoir. She looked up into his glorious faoe, and drew her hands through his clus tering curls, Was she not pleased to have so handsome a son t He leant down and pressed, her brow. His mother put her arms around him, and kissed him with pas sionate earnestness. She almost repented of her intention to marry him off her hands, for then he cauldnot bealway Bnear her. He would have other and stronger ties. Yet if he had no particular pas sion for Flora, his affection for his parents would Btill remain firm and strong. " My own dear Hubert," said the old woman, as she caressed him ; " your parents are getting auld now, and they wish to see you settled in life, before they are taken away. Ah ! Hubert! We have worked hard for your sake; we have been up early and down late, that our boy might be rich and happy. We won't enjoy much of our savings ; it is for you to reap the benefit of our toil in the heat and burden ef the day. Your mither's worked hard as ony slave- when you were a wee toddler, but whenever she felt tired she had only to look into your bonny face to gain fresh strength." " Dear mother," said Hubert. " But you've paid us back. A better boy there never was, a dearer, hand somer boy. I tell you, laddie, the bluid in my auld heart seems to warm into its auld strength when I look in your winsome face, Ah,' Hubert, wc must pass away into the cauld grave, but you'll live on, and be a great man. But you won't forget your poor auld mother." The hard, austere woman, who bad only one pure love in the world — that for her son — became so affected as she thought that she would at last have to part with this idol of here, that the tears, long strangers to her eyes, flowed down her withered cheeks. " Hoot, hoot," she said after a while, "never heed an auld woman's foolish greeting. Hubert, you're young, but we wish to see you settled, dear boy, and your father and I have made up our mind that you shall marry Flora Maopherssn." Hubert started back, and his faoe grew deadly pale: At a glance he saw that the difficulties had at one leep assumed formidable dimensions. He had not anticipated this. _ ; " What's the matter, laddie ?" asked his mother, " you seem as if I'd called in a ghost when I mentioned the girl's name, Flora Maophereon is a sonsy lass, and as for Biller there'B no a girl in the colony can come near her. Your money and here put together would make something handsome." " I will not want any more money, mother," said Hubert, plucking up oourage. "I will be rich enough." " A man can never be rich enough," replied' his mother. " But I don't love Flora." " Who said you did ?'' said Mrs Stanley, " All the better. That love is a' nonsense fules pick out o' novels whiik books I'd burn if I'd the power. Novels, my lad, are the ruin o' the warld." "But you loved father when you married him?" said Hubert appealingly. " Nae doot,'' exclaimed MiS Stanley, "but you're in a very different position" " Mother," said Hubert' boldly, " I can't marry Flora Macpherson; I do not love her, and I do love another i" The old woman started up and con fronted Hubert with angry eyes. " And who's this leddy 1" . "A beautiful and virtuous girl." "Nae doot, nae doot," said Mrs Stanley scornfully. " What's her name ?" ' Bessy Willis." " What's her station I" " She is the girl who stops in the house you lately bought." " A penniless good for naught," cried Mrs, Stanley in a passion. She rushed out to the vorandab, and called her husband. He came in much excited. " Our boy's mad," said Mrs. Stanley. " He's fallen in love with a penniless lass, and refuses to marry Flora Mao phereon. Heard ye ever the like ?" "Is this true, Sir?" asked Mr. Stanley. "It is," replied the hoy firmly. "The girl is penniless, it is true, but she is not unworthy. She is a pure, good girl ; fit to be the wife of any man." " Of any ordinary man, no doubt," replied Mr. Stanley ; " butnot of the heir to a great property." "What is the good of wealth ?" asked Hubert, " if its possessor cannot please his own taste, and .select for a life companion one he loves?" "You're young and foolish," said Mr. Stanley ; " it will be time enough for you to think of marrying ten years hence. Then your judgment will be formed. Do you think that ten years from this you would approve of the step you now contemplate?" " I would." " Oh, that's all nonsense, my lad," replied his father, " But this comes through your mother's wish to have you married right off. We don't want to part with our lad so soon. No, no Hubert, drop all these ideas, and enjoy your youth instead of hampering your self with a wife." "Hampering himself with a wife indeed," oried Mrs. Stanley ; " I'd like to know what eome people would be the noo, if it were na for their wife % This girl's the doohter of that auld gambler, Willis." " Is it possible ?" cried Mr. Stanley. "I remember him, weel. He's been missed from his home lately, and nae doot (Mr. Stanley now fell into his Sootticisins) he's met wi' the deservingg of the gambler and the drunkard." ' - The father's faults should not be fastened upon the daughter," exolaimed Hubert, quietly. " It iB.not justice, it is not Christian.'' " Pooh !" said his father, " I wadna mind if you had a; little flirtation wi'.her, but to think o' marrying the lassie, it's madness," The Christianity of some very pious people is a very convenient thing. They interpret the Bible just as it suits them. " Give up all such mad ideas," said his father, "for if you persist don't think your parents will he ffletCa'ui,". "Sooner t'uan see such a woman enjoy the fruits of my labor," cried Mrs, Stanley, her face dark with passion' " I'd turn my son, my own son, dear as I love you, laddie, out on the streets penniless.' (To be continued in our next. J 