jPictiowtrall (Chronicle TirE'™An7cEsi-oy times. Mokdat, Araii, 6, 1876. THE thinl sGSRion of the eirtli Tarlia- 1 ment of Tasmania was O|wnod on the 2UtJnly last, »nd was abrnptly pro Tagned on the 18th September. Hie (ifty.nino days were occupied by the member- of Hie Hotiw of AsBombly in naming mea6ure6 .ith the view of acceleraUnK tlio progr™« or the co.ony, n,,d a wofnl minority of intelligence bnt sufficient to constitute a majority of | obstructionists in the Legislative Conn cil vetoed every such mrasure, witbont assigning, in any instance. . fair reason i for conduct so detrimental to the best :.,i.rn«t* of the couutry. The Rame factions conrso bad been adopted the 1 previous swrion, the only rcsoll being the delay of public works urgently re niireJ, and which most yet Iw earned out under more disadvantageous eirenn. BtancesanJ at far greater cost, llio loss occasioned l.y this two years' check in onr material progress n.ig.iv ™ — mate.1 by taking the [wailioii of the five continental colonies t«o years back, and ascertaining the oJvancenunt they have Iniadesince; then allowing on thobnu of population for the difference between these five cjlonies and Tasmania, the result would exhibit a loss occasioned 1 by taa obstructives in the Upper House ,hich must app»\ even them. » ua. .Iways been Uic rob of the most un principle,! Tasmanian legislators to baggie most on the ground of principle, an! this has been the line of argument adopted whenever any Ministry has brought forward a propisal (or carrying out urgently required public works. When the Whyto-Meredilh Minis try succeeded in bringing in a bill in 1864, under which the country to we norm ™» «? — — ? would have been opened up and ren dered as populons as liialontbo Nortli West Cast, certain members of the Illative Conncil, wli,- were at It'i.t time pow.-rle« to veto the measure, rec.rde.l their protest j against it. U »« a rational in-a- i Lure, which must have prove.l re ,rodnctiie in every sense to lh« colony. ,,,t the n«t Ministry, in which Mr Chapman was Colonial Treasurer, sue ceedeJ in ten lering Uw scheme so ablj commence.) by their pro lece-sor», aW- | tive and, »t wt loss to Hid colony, stoppdl tlie work', cancslling some of tlu, contracta ctere.! iota. That is tbc relr,,Br«.ivc. |K.licy Mr lone, approve of, anl he .poke in highly ? ? .Lhirv terms of it last session. He and the non-progressive porty he so ably represents -leman I to know the principle on which it is intended that public works «hall | in future l« provided far out of the piblic re^eme. That \e to say, if (. \y,r.i.ir, cannot point out in »ny bill brought forward the whole of Uic public workf. which it may be f.mnd advisable toundeilaliein future years, and bow the cost is to bo defrayed from the public revenue, than opon principle none whatever shall he construct^. Let Tasmania remain stationary until her op.WI. inrr--n«es bo vastly tliBt we ejin ere from the beginning U- the end, frame the whole of Uw pnblic works required, »od point out how to defray their colt in ona«oippreliensiv« measure, j This is but carrying out the idea of these unprincipled sticklers for principle ad absurdtm bnt in Btrict accordance I with their views. Has such a principle ItmH acted upon by Uw Governments of any or the enjoining colonies, when ? ... ? jv... »lta Mrnanditnra of millions npoh railw»y» through almost unknown j lands ? Had such a principle beon Insisted upon, the fir.t settlers wonld have found It impossible to keep a foothold on the soil, aod, Ulfc the first discorerers of Port Phillip, would lure left, giving the country, not their own imbecility. » «*' »'»*? Th« «*' Prin' dple intbta question pf pnblic works is tb»l liidierlo fnolic bomt |im W»n most laviahed upon ccutres of popula. lion, or on roads through tbo pastoral lands of wealthy owners, and whenever the proposition is made to extend ench benefits to sparsely populated j:,,^.i. in n»-nlt- Btruceliog bravely against great difficulties in 0«e hope of making homesteads for themselves in llie bus!., then tbe ob. structives place this bar of principle in tbe way, and tbe clearly txprcsBcd | promincB of Government, ratified by Parliament, must Iw repudiated on the ground of principle! No term in the Eng lish vocabulary has be™ so prostituted to base ends as this expression 'principle.1 Look to the past debates in either House of the Tasmanian Legislature, and we man in who-,, mouth we shall most frequently KnJ the word principle, we sball also discover, by hi« public acts, to be the most iinprinciule.1. Mr Fysl. uttered a great truth last session when he attributed the realisation of the property or the colony— estimated at £18,000.000 lo £20,000.000 6terlii.fr — to the small modicum of money which lial been ox- ? ponded on roads aid bridges. The electors of North La'inccton have exchanged the gontleniau who gave expression to this obvious truth, fur a Treasurer »hohas consistently opposed every scheme of public works laid [before Parliament. The colony may tlius estimate «hat it ha- lost and gained k. .).» rnmnva\ of Mr F?b1i, and the accession or Mr Inn*, to the Chapman Ministry. Mr Chapman was the chief I instrument in destroying the Wbyte Merwiitb plan of public works, and ho u«8 now as his benchraan a Treasurer who hat shown himself continually opposed to progress. To that extent both are conservatives, end in no other sense. Parliament was prorogued to the 15th or this month, and the i Minr.«.v.Goneral admittod the obliga tion pressing upon the Government to call the Houses together at an early period this year, at least six weeks or two months earlier than last year. Two months earlier wonld be the2lst of May, and we see no reason why the urta fur opening the next session euouiu ue i»i« than that; but there arc numerous urgent reasons why it should be earlier if possible. Should the small majority io the Legislative Council determine lo I again opposo the interest* and the united intelligence of tbo vast majority of the colonists, the sooner mm iaci becomes known the better, as prompt 1 action will be nccessarj to Bave the j credit and the prosperity of the colony ! from destruction. The large accumulation of wheat in these colonies necessitates ci.qnirv whether farmers BhouW not substitute for cereals some other description of | crops, to a certain extent. At present wheat is a drug in the Australian markets. The exports from South Aus trails, during the past three months, amonntcd to nut nuiUJ 60,000 tons, not one fourth of the surplus from last harvest. Here we have a large snrplns of some 400,000 bushels of wheat, and but very little has been exported. Last i year, «W wheat weol up to Us 4.1 per bushel in the London market, wheat was exported fo rapidly from 6outh Aus tralia, Victoria, Tasmania, and even I , ___ vr ? C...I. Walae thnt flip bulk -f the Australian surplus was shipped I by tbe close of May. In the Ihree first months of 1874 the px|iorU of Adelaide alone amounted to 429,440 bushels of wheat, and 142C tons of flour. Our own surplus wheat | tbiBymr cannot be much nnder (00,000 bushels i the crop of oats must have been over (JUU,vuu ousnein, »''? wu« i- i bsing exported rapidly enough, but at a reduced price of trom ninepence to * shilling per bushel from the prices enr rent last year. The ex|iort from South Australia to Victoria, New Sontl. Wales, Qiieenslanl, Western Australia, New Zealand. C«pe of Good Hope, Batavia. and MmiriliuH. was m'ich laiijer in 187 1 than thi' year, an I yet stocks w,-r« n-it _...,. apli«iiaiA.I when the la^t crop was I garnered. We are not aware of any o'hnr portions of the civilised worl.l where Australian breadstuff's can be disposed of profitably than those mentioned. 1 It thMvioTe becunws a. eorious question an I one requiring early solution bofore seed time, what description of cereal or other products onr farmers nbonld grow B0 as to have a saleauie harvest, ... 1875-6. Tbnir diflknH'uw »re incr.ased l,y California boing also glutte.1 with wheat, so that shipments still arrive atl Bydncy from Sun Francisco. Although coming to a market where cereals rule low, it Beems that wheal , barley, oats and ] I Horn- do leave some profit, and if the mail s earners did not carry such freight they vroulJ have to pay lor ballast on the trip from 8au Francisco, while ou thair return Spastic coal is the best oargo they ran take. Seeing Jhat the I export or every hundred tons or grain from any Australian port Increases th» value of what remains behto'l. Uie cxteusivo export of wheat is of much more importance tbis year than if ever was before. The Uiuntie* of Provljonca in giving those polonies «o prolific a harvest last seasor, trill really pr*ve a doabjrul blessing if some united action be not taken to utilise wheat in o^ier «ay« Wan rasKing it into flour or exporting it. The sub ject Is ona which rtould be Kjiecially brought under the notice of every agri .nlfnni uiodatton in the co'«nies. Wheat can be made into atarch by a very simplo process, and the Moves, water ,npnly, and drying honws can all be supplied at rqall cost. Starch is an article fn very genwal (auaumption, and in iU manufactured itate would Ije worth about £38 per t00. th-! nw roaUrlal tat whicii CO bushels of wheat at current rates, wo»ld met abont £ 12, lowing the 1»re« ''^P1? if*?,0 f-* 1 cost of manufacture and profil. TUcre arc other »«ys i» which groin could be profitably used up, as in pig | fattening and fowl breeding, if they were undertaken in n large scale. Cincinnati i... u^m. famous llio woild over for its ircnlth in connection with pig rearing and bam and bacon curing. In tbuso I coluiiu-s it is eviuont, with agrienluire rapidly extending over a large continent, growers of grain cannot hope to dispose of their crops proliuHy unless they coitvcri iui-'iii in ?.« »u ??' ?iirannif- i commodity tlian cereals in their row sut'. Iniiiionso quantities of starch for export aro manufactured in Great rtr;i.;,- whnra wheat has always to be imported at hWierpricratliiinruhiin A.is tralin. We have, thcrvfuic, more inJuce I ment U. csulilish starch manufactories tlian woollen manufactures in Australia. Growers of the row material aro deeply ;,iinr.-iitL-d ill strikinir out new means of utilising wheat in the various ways we Lave indicated, and in devising ethers which will lie snggMted by their experi- 1 enco. It will uul do lo sit idly by onr rail stored granaries until nncatol me ioaii Just description tli* world con pro duce be rendcroJ unlit fn' liuman food by weevil, or eating up it* value in tbe | cost of labor to turn it over an.l keep it from decay. Wliy should the Australias import thousands of tons of starch an nually from the other side or the glolw, where wheat is neaily twice the price which can be obtained ror it here, when I we can give employment to thousands of our own population in manufacturing the article from wheat If ing useless in store V Having the raw material here so cheap and plentiful wo could undersell Knglaml in her own markets, while Rup ?,i..in«ll tbecolomes and even India with jtarcharidotbor .-o^m -.liiios numifm: tnredfromwheat. llieairricalt'iral statis tics of South Australia just published, we le.rn by telegram, show the yield of | wb™t to be 3,00J,O00 bushels, though the average por acrewis only 1 1 j bushels. For the sevnn years preceding 1873, the average yield was 12J nnsiieis. nine million bushels of wheat amounts to 241 071 tons, witlioit addins stocks on I hand from 1874. Allowing 40,000 tons for home consumption and seed, the yield of last harvest shows a sorploB of more than 200,000 torn for export. FiRB-AlMUt 4 o'clock on Frl lay after- | iooo two very large sucks of straw, on a , ,ill abo.c Illstillery Creek, alioul half a nile from the Uoraoauoil of llie Miwsm Pryatt to wh.ini they Imliiniie I, were ai-- .overed to be on flre, but before any help »nld reach the. spot, which -s«''c it''*'10' [romwiy »»««, ««V .-'.« m J1'' ,'' U''Z an.) all idea of extuiKUi«liinj{ ih-oi «.» s1rnM;kyA:«Tti.,p'.;vn';cn?u^1g'.'v. »hile IIib blaaliigmuvlmm 111 elcv.u; nviLion »?«« plainly vialblu from llie eastern lo'l '''.^''^Kni'n™ a'J'iollirow dScrshifl'ws from peiaons walking »loi.ll tha Elphlii ltoalano Geonre Ion IUwJ, comhlenibly nl-re than a mile dUUnt ft« the Sow fli» Theflf wa. burning Ull day rs.Th^ngwrunt.s,r'ininiei.u: itrai ™r llie stock In Ihe winter will o-«- .t... tu- oon«i«tcd «f almoM Ihe »liole ^he^t,r,rMSXofl..e farm ftud coutainv'i cmisiai'niuij '**?' Ul'- biind're.1 ton». The lire 1» elronfly ??-'? I pectcd to hnre been c.u-ed by the curele. T^TiS*DSS.n8«m.m-0. FrlJ.v evening iwo jouuh fellows, airleni In I«un ceslon' renolircd lo put a final end to B'»ne ^rv nirone Jlh-H^ucei ol opinion which pre vailed asto which «ai the uwt nian of the two, and for that purpoic sougma re.™ spot on Ihe Western Swamp. They were followed by nearly i«o hunted friend, and admirers, and iu order U. escape l'''''^™ from the police, who ore very apt to sp ill sport of this kind if ihcj- gel notice in time. inc narlv went, we arc ir.torn.ed, rnoni the emlKinent nearly tu S«pW'.«' 1. befoic the conib»l*nl« 'had ll out !«' fluht rauitcd in ite allinnuistof Uic t«o, wl.o ii very long in Ihe reach, gelllnir the be.t of his onnoneut, and the pirti.s Mtnrnel ;„«„„ ' u» h,,nf. satisfied with Ihelr even 'KESS'ftS.-Tte .«d autnun ,how of the M'rven Agrlculluiat Socle y will be held at Ihelr yrda, K.andalc, on IM.lp.med till nentday. tntnei close on the 10th. Ecuii'sa op trv. Sun.— To-morrow there will lie s total ecli|i-e of llie eu.i, wlilcli will he »l«ilile Inriomh Atrira, India, I'M™, the M India Iriaaia, and Nor.h Awral... but not in Tas.ni.nia. The line o loiohl. will elteud from « |io!nt near thu Cipe .if Soodtl'ile. throUKh'lhe India. Ocean, Siam. a'^r.'i.'nMrwE.T.-ThenerwI,ilis.o leave the Uaeen'a Wharf for Mellionrni! al !O c'clook lhi- inorniiiit: Hie follnwim pa« wnK,.rs hud wcurel Iwrllla on l«.«r,l un SMurdny : — Mr and Mrs l*nw, Mrs ' ooni Mrs Ji ..I- Bedgooa. M-I.T l*«'P^» Mrm llo .erlaou an I family (4), Mrs lls-, MraToimleand .HIM, Caplaln llr..wnr.irg. Mrs UroW'.rlnr and chill, Mr ond Mrs J.J. Guinner Mr. amlMlia Guranir, M-«r» J. Illahop, W. Taed, K. ~. Klii«, J. Hvnnotl. Dili-ham, W. Syniwtl, K. 1 h.nnas, Ncwlon, I .1 Jones, II. 1). Hiehardu, Jnlin M. I'nrwr, It F Russell, C. P. Dnvles, Henry Gamble, I lir r-n..hv anil V. Iwiird Kinmell. A llAKoiaous llowuv.-John Woodcock, better known a.' lW-'eg,' «ll known at m regatta., and most (.uhllc palhpringa as the moil dangerous ' rowdy in tliccoloriy, „„» .rrcted once m..re, l.y Ci.natal.h- 1 McQueen, on Baturday, as an Idle and disorderly va*sbon-l. Oh hearing the rharve at the l'olicc Biatlon he turned upon hla Mpturer ; Uruck out fien-olv with Ilia wdoden leg ond cut McQueen severely on lh, left leg. and while the omuaMe tried to .oourethe wonden wenpon hralrad(M-n ataln helween Ihoeyesandout Ihe mnaliibhf « nn«e Prar-lecls a vrrr powerful n al, and it required theexenion.of .ix oon.UI.I« on a previous occasion to net liitu Iu thr Police Suiion. McQueen m:.na|tcd I., unbuckle Ihe wmii.-ii leu and tlu-n Iu owner was comparatively lielplew, bul he fauirhl t«rl wialnut the con»Ul.le« « ho removed | '''tiie « Ciibistuv Wlisrae '-Silurday'ii liu.niicr of Ihe Wtlnm cont.l.i. a leading article on ?' Nnrtl. and Snulh,' *hich aec.ni. hive been writlcn solely with the rlev of landing the Chapmsq- Glllllnrlnne. phinct. andto'U-nder advi.-e to conn n linn par tu-« ' This authorlly alatc« Iliat ?' Mr Junes luu now before Mm, -we, WWcit, the onpnr tunityof his public career A. Trwurcr of perhaps the most powerful CaMnct-as we believe it is one of the mult honest— which Tasmania Ha* seen tor many aj™. tn- will have ample opportunity of flv no effect to the eniwrlence pf the past. In the ?uiuth his nawer, an 1 Inluiiry, and culture rrewcilkJowui In the noZlh/u Luld .eem he Is iruated, olherwlae he could never ))»« K»od the feat of hi. Section, undertaken in ouch olrcunjitanms.' Thii is fulsonje «iouih bur not im-re k than other portions StetV** ThP W'-».I.B«bll*e4.t the office of the Oovcrnmcnt orpin, an* haa baon 'I med' on maoj ooeaihini foi polliual MrpoK'. Kp«ml-rtli«lo,pollfcalaHiolM SreK lact mere mpnUnwii. i-- tfioleotoa In the Mert-nry, and as the latter are long winded and peralitent enough, tbcie addenda on the worn out lubject appearing In a re I Kloui publication are a- oauieoui though Tnr OaB frou HorjKT ThscHOFF.— The rioneerJ)iroi«ui HP ?'»' ''' , ^S..4K»nt day, M ums more Op ore for the Mount BltchoU t'ompany I and the company »re to 'hip 40 ton. of luKotapf tin by thew. DtrwentfortraMhlprnmtln Hobwra'a Bay jo^oadon, ftl.raluedat«36oo. ; AaulVAL OF Tim F.NOUil! Mali..— Tile II M Ji ?- China, which left Point de Uallc on .eisi'l March with llie Eugllah malls m* I irindial to the 20tli Kebruaiy, arrived at i ' eS «. SataftUy utgla aud left warn for Melliouruc at 10.10 u.m. yeBlerdaj. bhc will urobahly arrive there lo-iiight, and the «... urOUl' '/ ? ^,.(fl.l ,„ ran(.h l.prfi With lan.aru.i..Y ul«»i^'' -— ?-— ?- ? — -- ,„„ Tainianian portion of the mail on W£ua»-v'-.Coic,,M.-ItU notified that a. i.l after Iliii date the above lino of coa-hes will leave Campbell Town every Monday, Wednesday, iiod Friday, »l 0 a.m. :.?.,,?„„ f ™... Hobart Town every Tuesday, T.ur^y, and Saturday at 2 p.m. Th. Fmgal lloyal Mall le»voa Camplwll Towu Juil) as usiml. ASenrible Mo.ement.-The cxaniple jet column, the City Council have placed the -»ln.,,,i..» llullu at the disposal of ladies lielwet-iiraruin hours for three diya in me wjek. The l^iiei.1 Club I. now In full uperalion, and those who approve the abject, an- invilcd to join without delay. A girl maj now secure twine mouths1 biilhing, wltli tile SSIi'-S! tt'-Snlu^t'outl^ule ''jSh Billiug.oa Qhoau.-A gho.t is about I ieel Tiuciiisiilllllfllt. und wel|(lis from 5 tn 6 ounce,. Tl.ey are ov the ,,,a.kuline «nd feminine .»«'. but P''«l*lly 'uUr- *',ev ain't afraid of nolhii.g. and will hang ar'mnd a gnivcvard oa kareleas asaskoolboy will around a norennru m k«'. »ki'iw ?????-- They are like a grate menny olher things In it.U world ? ofleu heard ov, bul seldom seen, I will give I5DU dollara to see a ghost, and Sc°'nrfn'at hurt'. ' Mi friend I'hhwa. T. Biruu m will lake a whole drove of them at ihe wime nricc per Khost, and not quarrell about the Bender. Therefore bring your ulu.sts Ghosts alwava dress in a white nlle Bnw sort of » riband are th.qul«k«l, 5 oMin,ry e»it l» about . ml. in a Mckund, hut it I'- *» d f..r a purse they can beat thl. handy. I w..»Hr»Kliy like to «e o,,e go in pulillk «-r niuuuy- privalc lime is X«us su»I)i»hus. Wbl don't some of our .'rieuuinil hoiaa-lrot a,.ocUliou. offer a X,i pu«', 'ree for all ghosts. It would draw like a mustard p'ojujr in tlio month of Ar?'Ba.l^™~U — «'* «- clved.— An old copy of the lirgllih Quirtrrly I f? v«i i.f ibe year 1819 contains an account '/...',.„...» «.,r a railroad ou which ll ii pro \- Vc' are n .t partlaan. ol the (.mastic projecu relative to established l».«l»'-Jll.. ind we cinnol hut l»ugh »t an Idea m im muciicable us that of road of Iron upon A-hir-h travel mny l»e conauciwi uy ?»»-». CananvU.il.gbe more utl.rlyab.unl or more hughablc than a stcara.propel'ed wagon moving 'J™ ^.'-^iii;- „ ;,„,,! fro,,, wi'lwlch to ihe ^Awonal by the aid of . G°6S'elhCUp-not like a Flower.-A friend whoi. so fond of g«dcning (sav.a . Vmnorarv) nt lo have established a r.S7rdcnon 1,1. balcony ij. M.yfalr Im-^lficd hi. experience.. - Uy sister.' lie sal I ' paye nie noinc nt0 ieeas' planted then, and watered them every inorn ii- for a moiiti, aa l nan o™n u««i.™-..~ do* Sow what no you Atek ««up» ° Thialles ? D»l«li»i ' Caullflow.m 1 «K ?? 'What then?' 'A iwllci-intn, who informed me th .1 if I persisted In .p.iil tag Ihe hal. .if |».-»-a'le P™Plc. ' ?l'uuld ^ ''^.'dlrlThutrfor . weMnown dea rrinlion -.f -'0110, cloth la a corruption of 'XX ' The Border Adrtri:«r aayi-'- It ' tlic word ' twrels1 having been blolled or h,merftcUy » rifen on an Invoice, wlllehgavc ' 'H.Z, L. fan,iliar name of these goods. T he vor I was read «. ? tweed; by H.e lal« a im 1. «ke, of London (»nolher pi.iueer of , ,.-..!.* H...1 it was bo api.ropriiilc, from 'JeriiK1.'.'.,...,.. ..«.«-.. nickname. ? , , j u I If von Iikvc a irooa s.siiT. ,«.«»??«- ? ? her with all vour heart. If yon hive none. «hv then love.nl cherish the good sister of so.nc other pmn with all ynttr heart. '? has lien nuriied with a eon-Ciiliii« heart, 1 and one thai bcal« despjndli.g W her own, she will never »a,,t U enwr the mariiiu.e onen»T« .T^'m.' U.des, HavaT'llfusc' I0.00.I choice S... 1 Manilla cigars, 'CaVei MTV, ? ''' ? a ? *...._., I'mnnl, Sn Juan v M»n.in™ i » ''^ ??».'-/ - ? ? i briar nines Hoed with ni-crachaum ,21 cases Bars ; cal.le coil aromaltc navytobscco-, and | i «iLi ciuarellcs Cannon IllOes, llril fu.n\\.™T™^r». a.U a v«ietya.t other IS., containing the choicest Tuikish tobacco.- [Advt.] Ki Kcrnic n»TrK«lK«.— There are now on .iJJ., Mecsra Hudson and llopwiod's two first clav liaiteriw. Due thirty-celled por 'hie coiwtanl current balterywith doub c cellM induction «p|,Hratu. and one Hfty ceiled clement b«.l-«r? with induction appa rituV The above bftteriea are q.,11* new and are offered at lesUhau cost. fAuvr.J | 