THE STORY-TELLER. THE CROWN OF TEARS. AN ORIGINAL TALE, BY SOMEBODY'S DA RLING. Her white face eagerly peering at them through the semi-darkness of her hiding place, must have betrayed her had she not buried it inher cloak, and remained motion less, scarccly daring to breathe. After a sileence, which seemed an age to May, Mr. Montrce raised his head which had sunk be tween his hands for the few minutes he had sat thinking. " Lucy," he said, suddenly, "Can you imagine tile best form and gait of an old witch; with wrinkled, shrivelled up face, and sweet child-like blues eyes, us Lady lBristow's were, those eyes that used to haunt me, heanming at me from the dark hal low circles of the hideously ugly face ? What a picture I Yes, and I seem to se, it now, as plainly as I did last night, this old woman was dressed in black, and carried in her hand a round wicker bosket, like your work basket." " (That you arranged for me, by putting everything out of its place just be fore you retired for the night,") parenthesised Lucy. :'" What a tease you are getting, to beo sure, but I hope yau did not find it, as the old woman's basket was, full of great black snakes coiled up in it, tlhe) hissed at me, as I looked, turned and twisted about, but seemed to be fastened at the bottom, for they did not move. As I iazed in horror at the frightful apliarition, the basket seemed tube half fading away. I looked at the motionless figoure of the crone, that too, was changing, it was like the view of a magic lantern. Spell bound, I gazed, in place of the basket of snakes was a dazling crown of diamonds, flashi, g with almost blinding radiance, at the s:ame time the woman was transformed by a process of silvery looking scales fal~ing over her Into May, dressed in a long snowy robe blooming, and happy, but alas ! the last layerof scales that descended, formed wings for her, and ere I had realized that she stood before me, she had vanished, the wings making a soft murmering noise as she floated away ; ,ut the crown appeared more substantial, it was left lying at my feet awe struck, I stood for a few. minutes, but coming to myself Istooped and raised it. One by one the liamoods turned into eyes bloe eyes like May's own, and each looked lovingly at me. In dread I was about to re place it on the ground, unable to endure the sight, when Iperceived that each eye was slowly melting into a Crown of Tears, leaving a bright little brooklet running before me. I was seized with an intense burning thirst and stooped to drink, but as I put mny lips to the cool water, dont, laugh, Lucy, they came in contact with yours. as your image was re flected uponits surface. I gave a start of surprise, and woke myself just as I heard your voice singing in the garden." " It was indeed a singular dream, Wilfred, and I can only thil;k that Lady Bristow is in sonie great trouble, perhaps Sir Leonerd i dead, anl poor Poor May is alone, Plu miserable." " How can she be alone, with the large circle of high born and fashionable friends, by which her b-auty and wealth have surrounded her ?" "Have you never heard of summer friends, Wilfred? hersmay be nch." "Not all them I sup suppo-e, besides if they are she chose them, and she is surely content with her choice." "That is a very poor argument, Wilfred, for Iknow May Linton was not a happy bride" You are mistak.n Ih-re Lucy, al.d I will tell you how I know. About three months aftvr her marriage, I was seized with a strong desire to behold her in her splendour, to torture mt self, I think it must have been, at all events, I watched tillI saw her step into the carriage one night to the opera, I made my way there as soon as I could, and went to a box nearly opposite her, she did not see me, of course, she was taken upwith the swarm of admirers. who came to pay court to her, and well thy might she looked so lonely. So young, and fresh her dancing eyes, Imight ay out shining the magnificent diamond tiara she wore; in fact she was one dzzlisg blaze of light, and happiness." "Don't addl that word Wilfred, it is sad mockery, the lips may be gay with a bright sunny smile while the cold heart to ruin, runs darkly the while andI am sure that was her case. Shite was blinded by the position of Sir Leonard, but I knew her nature so well am sure that she loved you tenderly, she was capable of strong attachment, and though, for a tine, fi.-kle, her heart never changed, every oie of the splendid diamonds for which the Bristows are renowned, has, long ago turned to gall and bitterness for hter, the t:ara you saw upon her young brow, has, I feel certain, been transformed irito "The Crown of Tears" you dreamed of. "Godknows it has," came in a wispered groan from the corner, it reached Lucy's ears, but not those of her companion and with a presence of mind which was to her an extraordinary ,xt.nt. Shite took no notice of it, intending to get Mr. Montree indoors, and then to see whether it was a human voice or a spirit. " It may be so," he said, in reply to her last renmark, "and if she has been left a widow pursued Lucy. "yon will yet ee able to ratify your vows." "Never Lucy, never." lie said vehlemently, the added, "No May," If thou wouldst ever be again To me, the brightest starin Heaven; First teach me to forget the pain, Thy broken promises have given. That pain, 1 shlll never, never cease to feel Lucy, for God abovo knows, how pas sionatelyI loved her. What is that noise ? It sounded like a f og jumping amongst the dried leaves." t!ut it really has a strange moaininu sigh from the corner, expending MaI's little remaining strength, and she sank lower on the ground ; a chilling sensa tion a as rreeping over Lucy, an undefined dreat o'f harm, anid -hs rose saying "Supper must lie realy ' She drew Wilfred back to the house only to slil, out rgain immidiately with a servant. hearing a lantern. She went to the corner urging the girl to silence, as the black m.ss met her eyes. She cou'd scarcely believe her senses when she recog nised in the inanimate form before her, Lady Bristow. Qui.·tly they raised, and carried her to Lucy's clamber; for she .Has only tlie weight o0 a child. "This will be too much at any rate" thought Lucy, but as shie turnled igain to lMay she felt her life must be the first crnsideration, and that medical aid must be at once procured. Leav ing tile servant to watcth Iher, she went, with hesitating steps to thie room, where Mr. Mosntree sat w'aiting for her. The smile at her approach quil kly vanished when he saw her whlite fa:e. " Lucy I What in the world is the matter, have nou seen a ghost ?" "You dr am, lIay I" was all she could answer as she sank into a seat, it was s, unusual to see heIr thus affected, he rose and put his hand ,n her bowed head the soft loving touch n.elted the ice and she burst into tears. " H, ve mercy, my love, tell me what is ?" " Can you bear to hear something dreadtul, Wilfred ?" "Yes, dalling, anythilg, t.ut to hear you weep like thiat." " Oh, Wilfred." she said, rising and hid ng her face on his shoulder, scarcily da ing totilllhim " It i< so unexpected.' • Your cousin ?" he said, naturally think ing that something had happened to some abl lived, "is , l1 I h pe, but some one is ve y ill, and I wait y. u to rideas quickly as )?u can lor the do, tor."" Who is it dear ?' " A poor crnalure wlhom we foundhalf dead, in the verandah, she -hadow on the window and the nmoisea we h, ard." "What did you say ahbout my dream, and May." A con vulsive shudder was followed by "yes-yes -is coming true." " Implpssible!" gasped the young man, " :lidy Bristow can't be here." " Sh" is, Wilfred, and you umnst fetch the doctor quickly, if she is to speak t. us again." Hi' bent down, and tenderly kissed her, over and over again, as if he woull dnraw strenlgth from her lips, and then hastily dp..rted for the medical man. He did nLt e, t.r the sick room, Ibut when the doctor lest it too hours later, he anxiously enqtuiled tile result oi his visit. "I do not know what to make of her," hesaid, gravely, shaking his head, " at times I thought her spirit flown, then life would return, and she became 1ossessed ofalmnostmaniacalstrenmth, then sieund to die away ogain; we can do bult little for her, the nervous system is completely worn out, there must havg been sone life long strain upon it. I shall look in again in the mi:ning, but I think I can I do no good, poor thing, she is too young and lovely for such a fate, Who is she, Mr. Montree ?" " An old school friend of Miss Basset's," said Wilfred, hut in such a hollow tone, and his facewas so white that the doc tor only added," She is in good hands. Go to bed Mlntree, we ca, do nothing for her but commrnd iher to an all-wise Providence." And with a sympathising grasp of hands they parted. HIiw Wilfred passed the night it would have been diflicult for him to say, retired to his room, but the heony monoton ons pacing to and fro, plainly told that no sleep visited him. " 1 th.ughlt the p nally of her weakness and folly hadl bertn more thad paid in my downfall," he complained to himself. " I never dreamt there was any debt remaining, which would crush her bright life, poor child," he soli.oquised, " how little we imagine when we commit one act of sin. that it may bring misery or disgrace upon ourselves and othars, which a life time, sacrificed to repentance cannot remove." T'owards morning Lady Bristow began to revive, anl by mid-day she was quite her self, though very weak. " 'ucy, my darling friend," she said, as .\liss Bassett returned to her bedside with some jelly. "I came here but to re.eise pardon, his pardon, ar.d die." " Oh, May," she said bursting into tears, "he has forgiven you years ago.' " But could he ever forgive the weak sin that has been the cause of so much misery?" " IHe knows you have suffered, my poor dar ling." " Heaven knows I have, and that I struggled bravely to do muy duty as a wife. I was mad-blind-wicked to enter into such a bondage. Oh., that I had atrumpet voice to proclaim my e-xperireuce as a warning to those who would crush the best purest feel inies of their hearts, and sell themselves." " Hlie was kind to you May ?" she queried ' Kind I oh yes, Lucy, too kind, and often I wished that I couId love him, and often I hatcd myself for my hypocrisy when I feigned iaffection my whole nature revolting at the same time, and she shuddered at the recollection, it was a miserable mnistake Lucy, and oh! how thankfully would I have ex. changedl my brillia-t lot for a simple cottage home and a crust with thie companionship of a mnan I could have loved. I will dress now, it you will assist me Lucy. "Youn are not able dear," oh! yes-yes my my workis not finished, I am able, I hlave'been as weak as this ever since I left England- don't tell mi I shall die now," and she clasped her thin hands convulsiveljr. "I hope you won't May, I should rejoice for you to recover and you might he happy yet." With a faint snmile sihe shook her head at Lucy, and greatly to her surprise, rose unassisted, the almiost skeleton frame seeimed to be animated by superhuman strength. Then her toilette was scarceljr completed, she said. pointing to heavy crape dress, " not that Lucy, be would hate me in my mournling, have niot you a white one," a faint color tiunged her cheek, andher friend was alarmed at the wild bril-. liant light that came into her eyes." "Yes dear, you shall have one, and she brought her a snowy robe of her cousins trimmed with pale blue bows, her smile proved that she was perfeotly satisfied with it." "Gather me a spray of that white jassamine from the window, and you shall fasten it in my hair." Lucy obeyed the strange request, in wonder ing pity. "I should like you to make me look as beautiful as you can, for I want Mr. Montree to feel a little of the old love, when he sees me, I am going to send for him directly." She had the arm-chair placed near the window, tirough which the scent of the sweet spriog flowers was softly wafted. " Now Lucy," she said in a tone of feverish excitement, throw those flowers away, and fill the vasse with fresh ones I will have niothling but jassamine, and white roses, yes, someof that honey suckle to, bring the table with them close to me, there, that will do, now bring me the pocket bhi ok you will find between the lining of mny dress, how you stare at me Lucy, she said, whith a little shrill laugh, " Can't you find it ?" I never meant that anyone to do so, but take a pair of scissors, and cut open the back width at the top. TLucy obeyed and found a large pocket book hiddlen away In the plaits of her dress. "Thank you dear." " How far away does your clergyman live?' "Nearly a mile !" ' Send for him at once, I feel I shall soon need spiritual counsel; when you have done that, bring Wilfred back with you" "Stay Lucy do I look nice." " My poor little May's appearance has been your ruin, can you not rise above it now, this is the last attemipt," she smiled, " At any thling of the sort, put one of the mnoss roses into my bosom, Lucy." "Th' re darling, you do look lovely, but too ethereal." "Yes-yes, I am nearly all spirit, see here. she said' extending her arm almost like that of a child." "There is not much flesh, is there ? that was all consumed by the fire, that has been burning there. she said light'y touching her heart, sacrificed at tle shrine of Mammon." Lucy kissed her ten derly, and without a word left the room. She despatched a servant to summon tihe clergyman, then called Mr. Montree from the school room. " It is useless to ask me to see her, Lucy," he said as she told him her errand, "' when she has gone I will, out of respect to you, as her as your friend, fol low her to her last resting place, but I never wish to.look upon her fair false face again," " Oh, Wilfred, this is cruel, let this poor mis " Oh, Wilfrerl, this is cruel, let this poor mis guided girl die in peace, and she cannot do so without hearing her pardon from your lips." " Heaven knows I freely forgive her, the misery and sin shte caused me, tell her so, Lucy, and that it is other pardon than mine she must seek." "You come yourself, and tell her," then shte softly addel, "Poor child, she was the first cause of your being tempted to sin, dearest Wilfred, but it was through your own weakness that you yielded to thie temptation. I fear very much her mind is going, owing to'the great excitement she is experiencing, it is a little thing for you to do. So come and be at leace wilth.' "Not so small a thing as you imagine, Lucy." " Ah i Wilfred, there isa spirit of resentment buring in your heart. Nothing but perfect love can enter Heaver., remem ber. Oh, Wrilfred," she pleaded, "if you could only see hier sweet angel.like face, it would soften the most obdurate heart." He hesitated, his eyes were moist, and her next words decided him. " Come Wilfred, if you love me, for I wish very much, very much, to see you reconciled to each other," but when he entered the room, the proud spirit reasserted itself. He hbad expected to see a pale drooping figure in the sonmbre robes of mourning, upon whose pale dejected face deep face-and the shadow of another world were visible, but he recoiled, as the picture that presented its?lf to him, even Lucy felt saurparise at the change that came over May, Though only ten minutes had elapsed since she had left the room, the whole ex pressien of her face had altered. The look of triumphant exultation that it now bore, completely transformed her into the bright bewitching creature of old and flush on the white transparent skin and the brilliant lustre of the eyes, giving her back all the loveliness of her youthful days. The soft warm perfume laden breez, that filled the room and the light and beauty by which the petite figure reclining with graceful abandon in the arm-chair was sur rounded, jarredmost unpleasantly upon the young man's feelings, taking tr ewhole scene in at a glance, he stood in dignified hauteur, his,words were cold, and bitterly spoken, "\Vhy have you sent for me, Lady Bristow." "Oh ! Mr. Montree-Wilfred," moaned May trying to rise; but she could only extend her honds imploringly, "Have pity." "The same pity as you showed me. I will Lady Bristow. What is your ladyship's lphasure ?" It was unfortunate for the role he was was acting that just then he encoun tered the mild pleading of Lucy's earnest eyes, he have borne any thing but their mournlul rebuke:? (To be continuedl.) 