Tlie Christmas Story. The King ef No-Land. BY B. L FARJEOS. AT THOH OP «' BLA»E-O'-GHABS,' ?« BHEAD-ANO-CHEESB AND X1BBBB,' ?? COLDJUVGBAIW,' ' JE88IB TJUM,' &0. {Tfee right «f pufelieelSon fau torn pnrehared by tho proprietor* ol the ty4ncy JtoiJ.) Chatter 'V. — Like whits fingbkb beckoning TUB DEAD. Wbebb lie travelled, and what he saw, there is iy» loom here to describe. When the fire t pangs of grief ?were assuaged, he enjoyed with keen pleasure the »ew tcenes through which he passed. New countries, ntw customs, new communities, passed before him, as it were, and he kept his eyes open. But it was rarely tbat a prince travelled as re travelled, with sucu modesty tnd unostenta'ion. Hie chief pleasure was to wander from one place to another in an unpre tending way, unknown and unobserved, but not un obseiving. He was not outwardly demonstrative, and his time-servers said among themselves that they were afraid'his travels were not doing him any good. They told stories of the travels of other princes and royal personages whose course was marked by the most magnificent display. This town was pne blaze of light when a certain prince entered it by night ; the houses of that town were lestooned with flowers, which hung from every roof and garlanded the thoroughfares. Here a wonderful entertainment was given in honour «-i Prince So-and-so, whom the inhabitants had never * ecu) before and never would see again, and for whom they did not care a jot ; there all the inhabitants had journeyed out of the town to meet Prince So-and-so, and meeting him when he was within four miles of the gates, ran before his carriage all the way, filling the air with huzzas, and behaving ae frantically as they eould have behaved if the greatest and most precious blessings which Heaven could bestow had fallen upon them. How different it was with Prince 6aseafr»s ! His most earnest desire was to be allowed to ramble quietly through the strange countries in which he was travelling, and to avoid public display. Oltcn in his wanderings and musings did he sec two tiny mites of children playing the violin in the streets ef Ke- land, one with a grave and thoughtful faee, the other with a face flushed with delight ; often did he conjure up a picture of the woods round about his palace in No-land, and see himselfand Coltsfoot walk ing slowly through them, as they had done on that memorable Christmas- day, when the beautiful white «now rimmed every leaf and branch with pure and glistening lines ; often and often did he see a sweet httle lace raised to his, set in a framework of bright star*, which were scarcely brighter than the tears that fhone in the large blue eyes. He fed upon these memories as he grew to manhood, and months and years passed. The seasons marched royally onwards ; Ihe primroses rose from their beds ; the violets opened . their eyes and peeped through the hedges, making the air fragrant ; the buds laughed into blossoms ; the kills were crowned with flowers ; the golden corn grew gray as the waves of the wind passed over it ; the vines were heavy ; the leaves grew old and died ; the soft snow fell and filled the churchyards with white phantoms ; the icicles made the valleys radiant -with wondnms beauty. Until one day a courier, with his hair wildly blowing about his face, rode into the midst of the nobles of the suite and cried, ' The King of No-land is dead ! ' When they recovered their breath, they hastened to the Prince, and found him lying idly by the side of a laughing brook, to which he was whispering soft and tender words. They approached him humbly and reverently. ' Tour Gracious Majesty,' they said, and knelt on one knee before him. He started to his feet and gazed at them with wild eyes. He comprehended the meaning of their attitude, and he trembled with fear and awe. ??My father ? r- ' and he faltered. They hung their heads, and one or two contrived to squeeze a tear— Heaven only knows how they managed it — which they allowed to hang upon their eyelashes, so that their new King might see and remember. But he saw nothing real ; he stood alone in the midst of tumultuous clouds. He was not even aware that he had waved hiB attendants away* and that they had obeyed him. His father was dead ! He could not recall one tender word or look which had ever been bestowed upon him by the dead King, whose state and duties now devolved on himself. Not one. Love between them had been a dead letter. He had often watched the children of peasants playing with their fathers ; he had often seen common men carrying their children on their shoulders; he had heard words £om mother's lips which had thrilled him with tumultuous pain ; he had listened to childish prattle which had brought a strange yearning to his heart ; he had peeped into cottage windows and seen happy family groups there, ana had heard them singing and laugh ing together. Such a joy he had never tasted. The image of his father as he saw it was the image of a man so gross and fat that he almost groaned as he made a step towards his carriage ; a man magnificently dressed, with dozens of glittering orders upon his breast. Orders bestowed upon him because of his deeds in war, of his achievements in art, of his efforts in the eause of humanity ? No ; bestowed upon him because he was a king, and which would well have graced him had he been worthy of his high position. A man with purple face and hanging cheeks, who drank of the best, who ate of the best, and whose life was one of splendid misery — truly, a man to be sincerely pitied, and more to be pitied because of the splendid opportunities which were his, and which had been so miserably wasted. But this picture faded from the mind of Sassafras, and raising in its stead an ideal image of his father, he sank to the ground, and shed tears for his loss. Early the next day he and his retinue turned their faces towards No-land, and when they reached it they found the nation in deep mourning for the bereave ment it had sustained. Sassafras felt a strange thrill «8 he set foot once more upon his native land. He had left it a boy ; he returned to it a man. Whether his heart was changed you will see for yourself as you proceed. But that it was stirred to tender emotion as he trod the steps of the palace in which his boyhood had been passed may at once be stated. It was evening when he arrived, and saying that he wished to bealone for the night, he left his courtiers abruptly, and strolled out by himself, wrapped in a cloak which concealed him from head to foot. Into the woods filled with sweet memories he strolled, and paused before the old elm- tree which he had climbed for the first time many a year ago. How well he remembered all the incidents of tbat day ; his meeting with Ragged Robin, the changing of their clothes, the delicious minutes he had spent while sitting in the branches — there they were aboVe him now, but he could hardly fancy what had been to clear to him then, the folding arms waiting to receive him, and the fantastic S, the initial of his name ! He saw, however, the tutors and time-servers standing beneath the tree, while he, dressed in Robin's Tagged clothes, sat in the branches above them; he heard the loud cry of the old courtier as the marb'e dropped upon his bald pate ; he heard the Riot Act lead, with its mighty Whereat ; and then in memory he scrambled down the tree, and told again the story of Pimpernel. Although it 'was winter, and a soft Tne King and his Minister of State. ? ' Iris. Lucerne, and Daisy picking before fiatsafras. The Scandal at the Court. snow was felling, he did not feel cold. He made his way slowly to the stream, so bright and beautiful in the* Bummer with its flowery and mossy banks, so ?white and solemn now ; then he walked in tender thoughtful mood towards the village where Coltsfoot lived. He did not intend to make himself known ; he wished, for the present, only to look on the cottage where Bluebell and Ragged Robin lived, and. if possible, to catch a glimpse of the faces of those dear . friends. He hsd to pass a churchyard on his way, and as he approached this place he heard music in the sir. It wsb night now, and he walked along, satisfied that if he were seen he would not be recognised. The Eounds of music grew louder as he approached closer to the churchyard, and when he was quite up to it he . was surprised to tied that the persons who were play ing were playing in that solemn place. It must be so, for there were no lights in the windows of the quaint old church which overlooked the graves. Sassafras peered into the churchyard to discover the players, but he could not at first distinguish them from the tombstones. All those tombstones were covered with tt,i\ snow, ana some stood firm and straight, like sol tiers on the watch, and some were bent and dd-repit, like old, old men whose time had come. I hree or four tree6 were in the churchyard, and their btre and miked branches were like white lingers bi ck- ning the dead. One tree, which was branchless, and whose top was slightly bowed to earth, looked like a giar.t ghost, in a white shroud. And round about them all, and among the trees and tombstones, floated the strains of the music, lingering tenderly here and there, and gliding softly away like spirits. Sassafras tupped quietly into the churchyard, and the music come to meet him, and conducted him to the spot* where 'he players stood. There were three of them, all gitls, and they were standing round a newly-made grave. A singular sensation of faintness came upon, him as he recognised the children Iris, Lucerne, and. Daisy, and as he remembered that Coltsfoot was their best friend. Could it be his grave that they were standing by r Daisy, the youngest, was the image of Iris, &s; he saw her last on Christmas- day, and Iris herself, a little woman twelve years of age now, drew heT bow across the strings with the same old grave thoughtful air. They did not know a stranger was near them until their melody was finished. Then,, seeing a tall shadow close by, they started in alarm, and Iris, with a rapid motion, drew Daisy to her side. '?Do not be frightened,' said Sassafras, disguising his voice ; ' I am a friend. I heard music 8 s I passed^, and I came closer to listen. Your name is Iris.' 'Yes, eir.' ' And you are Lucerne.' Lucerne curtsied. ??And this is little Daisy.' Daisy looked up at the tall figure without fear ; his= kind voice had reassured them. Saspafras held out a piece of money to them, but Iris shrank back, and refund the gift. He understood at once that they were engaged in a labour of love, and he put the money in his pocket again. Then he remembered that. when he last saw them their mother was ill. *' Your mother is well and strong, I hope,' hsraaia. He was speaking to friends of yesterday ; it did not: ec em to him that years had passed. *' Mother is there,' said Iris, pointing to the graven II -we are playing to her. She likes to hear us.' Irie said this quite seriously. The tears came into Saseafras's eyeB ; thus tributft of love for the dead touched him deeply. «' Was this the last air you intended to play ? ' he ? asked. ' No, sir ; mother's favourite tune is to come. ' «? Shall I disturb you if I remain ? If I do, say bo,, and I will go away.' In answer, Iris tapped gently on her violin with her' bow, and the other little ones fell into position im mediately. They played for half an hour, SasB&fras; standing quietly by ; and then, as they walked side by side softly out of the churchyard, he inquired after his friends. He found that there had been other deaths ? during his absence. Bluebell's father and mother' were both gone, and she, Robin, Coltsfoot, and his old., mother all lived together now in one cottage. ' We go there often,' Baid Iris; ' they were very good to poor mother, who was bedridden for years, and they -were very good to us. We all love them dearly, don't, we Lucerne — don't we, Daisy?' ' Yes, yes,' they answered, with eager affection. ' Coltsfoot used to come,' continued Iris, ?? and sir-J with mother regularly, and Bluebell came often too, and made nice things for us. Lucerne and I know how to read and write ; Coltsfoot taught us, and he is teach ing Daisy now. He will never take anything from,: us. Before mother died, she kissed him more than I once, and told us he was the best man that ever drew I breath. Didn't she say those very words, Lucerne? I The best man that ever drew breath. And he is. I Then mother asked us to come and play by her grave I sometimes, and told us to keep good, and be kind to 1 one another.' I To these and other outpourings Sassafras listened ?with a full heart, and when he was about to leave them he asked whether they would let him give them. .' a kiss. They held up their faces readily, and he kissed them tenderly, and wished them good-night. ?? Good-night, good-night,' theysaid. But he hod; not gone a dozen yards, when a thought occurred to him, and he turned back. Hearing his steps, they stopped and said, 'Here is the gentleman again.' ' Some one told me,' he Baid, ' that Bluebell has a. gold chBin. Is it true ? ' ' O, yes,' replied IriB ; ' such a beautiful one ! And 6he wears it regularly every Sunday. And there's a little gold heart at the end of it. I 'knowv because she has 6hown me.' 'That's right,' taid Sassafras, in a glad tone ; ' good-night, children, good-night.' But, unseen by them, he followed them to their humble home, taking upon himself the office of pro tector to these little ones. Even when they were safely housed he did not depart, but lingered long about the place, thinking of them with tenderness ; and an hour afterwards, when the two younger children were abed and asleep, he peeped through a~ chink in the shutters, impelled to do so by the Bound, of musical chords which came from within the cottage.. There he eaw IriB, partly undressed, tuning her violin Eoftly, and with a beautifully pensive expression on. her face. ?? God bless you, little one ! ' he murmured, and, walked home to bis palace with a happy heart. CHArTBB,VI. — To GKA6P THE JEWELLED HAND OV POVERTY. Sassafras was king, and the loyal subjects of No land threw up their capB. Things went on as usual*, and notwithstanding the difference in the character of* the ruler who ruled yesterday and the ruler who ruledL to-day, everything to-day was the same as it was yes terday. Thousands of men were butchered in cold, blood in the name of civilisation, fortunes were won and lost, swindlers made millions by lies and trickery, and strove to earn popularity by spending a little of their stolen money in a public way, aud persons earned asd lost salvation according to circum stances. ? Sassafras was king. Everybody bowed and bent: I before him. His nobles listened with fervour to everv I breath he drew. Every beat of his pulse, every look*, I every motion, was indexed. When he went to bed and when he rose — when he yawned and when he sighed— how much he ate and how much he drank — -when he sneezed and when he blew his royal nose — every word he spoke and its inflection — every twinge, ... every grimace, every start, every smile— were re corded in the royal books by zealous servants for the enlightenment of future generations. 'Dear, dear! ' he often exclaimed, ' why don't you let me alone i' A pimple on his nose, a whitlow on his finger, a. corn that troubled him a little, were national calami ties. Everybody talked of him, morning, noon, and. night, and his ears were continually burning. He ?was public property, and no rest was given him. If he showed only the tip of his nose in the open air. He ?was run after, and pointed at, and cheered and cheered again and again. ' Dear, dear ! ' he cried, with his fingers in hi* eais, ' what a noise ! Is this the normal state of things in the public thoroughfares i Are my subjects always screaming thus ? ' And as he rode along he bowed, as he had been taught, this way and that, thiB way and that, this way and that, until cricks came in his back, and he felt ' like a miserable dervish who had condemned himself , to bend and bow until the last breath was. out of him. I He was compelled also to smile for such a length of j time together that he felt as if his features were waxed j into grin-curves, and as if he should never be able to ij get the wrinkles out of his eyelids again. All this j was very annoying and distasteful to him. Accord- 'j ing to all human calculation, he ought to have been ?; the happiest of the happy. It is but an additional *j proof of the pervetseness of human nature— although, i to be sure, not one moie is needed — that he was as -discontented a mortal as could be found in his own kingdom of No-land. He had wit, intelligence, imagination, a good heart, and large sympathies. But he had no time to give -practical shape to his best impulses. The duties of Wb position were so numerous and exacting that he liad scarcely a moment he could call his own, unless he stole it, and then he was told that everything went wrong and was turned topsy-turvey. ?' I am the pivot then, my Lord Crabtree,' he said, -' upon which everything turns.' ' Upon which everything turns, your most gracious Majesty,' gravely assented Lord Crabtree. ' You are the pun of the nation, the source of all light, honour, and happiness.' King Sassafras mode a movement of impatience. Be had just breakfasted, and Lord Crabtree, who held the post of Principal and Confidential Worryer, was attending on his royal master. ' My Lord Crabtree, it is a lovely morning.' ' Your Majesty, it is king's weather.' 'Even the weather, then, waits upon me.' Lord Crabtree moved his hands, expressing, ' Who ?can doubt it ?' King Sassafras laughed lightly. ' King's weather ! Nonsense ! It is everybody's -weather.' ' It is well known, your most gracious Majesty, =upon all important occasions that ? ' ' That-that-that-that, and there's an end to it. Don't prose, I should like to take a walk, and pay my lespects to Nature — unattended, my Lord Crabtree, -unattended. I can speak to her more appropriately ^when I am alone. I have been wofully neglectful of the good mother, but she will smile upon me, I have' 310 doubt.' ' Your Majesty, it is impossible.' ' Impossible, my lord ! I am speaking of a lady.' ' Your Majesty, the lady must wait.' 'My Lord Crabtree. you are insufferably rude.' ' What your most gracious Majesty says cannot be disputed. But your Majesty has forgotten. In one %our from this you have to lay the foundation stone of the great institution for the perpetuation of pauper ism. . The ceremony is most important ; it will be a gay sight. The people are eager to see their monarch ; all the bigwigs will be present ; eight thousand flags 'will wave a welcome ; tw© thousand and five hundred ?charity children will sing the National Anthem ' In the blessed hope that they may one day find a shelter within the walls which we commence to raise this day. Good.' ' The golden trowel is ready ; I have seen it, your Slajesty. It is inlaid with jewels of the first water.' ' How appropriate to the purpose to which it is to be applied ! To grasp the jewelled hand of poverty ? 'Well, as you say, my Lord Crabtree, the lady must w ait. But I can visit her in the afternoon.' ' Pardon me, your Majesty. This afternoon you have to preside at a meeting of the Oldfogysrians, to hear the record of the precious discovery made by the jRoyal Snufftakers concerning the exact date on which the' death of King Musty took place.' *' King Musty, who reigned in some out-of-the-way place more than three thousand years ago ! And the Xtoyal Snufftakers have been thirty years fixing the -date ! Drawing salaries all the time, and causing euuff to rise in the market. Precious discovery indeed! Worthy of my reign ! My Lord Crabtree, answer me a question.' ' I am all ears, your most gracious Majesty.' ' You are not complimentary to yourself, my lord. Do you think that these thirty years of labour on the part of the Royal Snufftakers have been profitably spent ? Now do you ? Or do you think, as I do, that both the time and money might have been better applied ? ' Lord Crabtree fussed and fidgeted, but could not ?find words to shape a fitting reply. He made an attempt to evade the subject. ' Your most gracious Majesty, it is time to dress for the foundation stone.' ' But answer me, my lord. I will put it another way. Is not the well-being of those who live to-day ?of more importance than those who lived three thousand years ago ? ' Still Lord Crabtree could not reply. He saw that the King was in one of his strange humours, and he was fearful of aggravating it. ' Nay, but my Lord Crabtree, I will be answered in :some way, or if you cannot answer, I will make you understand. Come to this window. What do you rtsee ? ' ' Your most gracious Majesty's private garden.' 'How does it look? Is it fair to the eye, is it pleasant to every sense ? ' ' Your Majesty, it is a most delightful prospect.' 11 There are flowers there of everjr kind, you see. It requires no great stretch of the imagination, my Lord Crabtree, to imagine that garden a king dom ? ' ' It is a kingdom, your Majesty,' said Lord Crab -tree, thinking that an exhibition of enthusiasm would -please his royal master ; ' a kingdom of beauty ! ' ' You are right. It is a kingdom of beauty, and -although there are numbers of the commonest flowers in it, the eye dwells with pleasure on them. It is as you see, my lord, peopled with grandees and com moners. All classes are represented. The dainty maiden and the flaunting madam, the prince and the peasant are there. Some are decked out in the most gorgeous colours, some have but two or three modest tints. How sweet those lilacs are ! How refreshing those humble wallflowers ! There is modesty, there is pride, there is humility, there is arrogance. But, observe — modesty thrives, and is beautiful ; humble ness is not humiliated. Nothing is trodden down, or crushed into deformity ; room and opportunity are £iven to them to grow up in health and strength, an I they all lift their heads after their various tempera ments, and enjoy the blessings of life. They are Nature's children, and Nature smiles on all alike. Not so very long ago, my Lord Crabtree, this that we see before us was waste land ; now it is civilised, and the living creatures of all grades and degrees with which it is peopled are bright and happy. What onakes them so, my lord r ' Lord Crabtree pondered deeplv, and cocked his left eye towards the darkest corner of the royal ceiling ; but intelligence did not dawn upon him from that quarter, and he was compelled to say, 'I do not know, your Majesty.'' ' I will tell you. By the mercy of the good God that reigns over all ' — the King bowed his head re verently — ' it is the gardeners .who make this king dom fair to the eye, and pleasant to every sense. It is they who see that nothing is trodden down, and «rut-hed into deformity ; it is they who see that room and good opportunity are given to all. They attend to their kingdom regularly, devotedly, and wisely * very morning and evening. And observe — it is the , -weakest flowers that receive tie greatest caie and ^ -? '71 ? -r1 — r-T — ? — , : . - ' ? ?? . ' . . ? r-r tenderness.' Under that' caie they grow strong ; they' thrive, and their lives are pleasant to themselves and to those aieund them. That garden represents the Pres- nt ; and the gardeners ? Well, if you have any understanding of my parable, you need not me to tell you whom the gardener' should represent.' Lord Crabiree, with owlish wisdom, blinked his eyes, and nodded his head ; but having no compre hension of his royal master's meaning, discreetly spoke not a woid. Presently King Sassafras resumed. Dame Endive and Bluebell. ' The meeting of the Oldfograrians will be over at 6 o'clock, will it not, my Lord Crabtree ? ' ' At about that hour, your Majesty.' ' The etening will be pleasant. I willjvisit my lady then.' ' Has your most gracious Majesty forgotten that you have a State dinner this evening ? ' ?' Truly,' sighed the King, ' I had forgotten.' And murmured, ' No rest ; no peace ! What are t lese papers?' Dame Endive proceeding to the Town with Baskets for Sale. ' This is the speech which your Majesty will read after laying the foundation atone for the institution for the perpetuation ot pauperism. This is the speech which your Majesty will read at the meeting of the Oldfogyarians when the vote of thanks is passed to your Majesty for presiding.' 'I Eee,' observed the King, glancing over the papers, 'that in both cases I speak from my heart.' ' Very much so, your Majesty.' King Sassafras made a sour face as if he were swallowing physic, and retired to his private apart ment to prepare himself for the ceremonies. Chaptek VII — The thhee small ithdleus, Iiils, Lvceekb. Xnd Daisy. But, chafing as he did most bitterly at the bondage in which he was held, he contrived to steal a few hours of privacy now and then. In a retired part of the grounds around the palace he ordered a pretty lodge to be built ; it was small, and was comfortably fitted up ; locks of an ingenious and peculiar fashion were made, and as no one possessed a key but himself, no other person could enter the retreat. He caused it to le.distincily understood that when he went to the ledge he was not, under any pretence whatever, to be disturbed, and so absolute and determined was he in this respect that those about him were com pelled to obey hie command. ' Let me but discover,' he said, with stern emphasis, ' that I am watched or observed, and 1 will take proper means to punish the fpy.' They knew, from his tone, that he was not to' be trifled with. There were two (nuances to the lodge, — one in front, one at the back. The trees in front of the building were some what thinly scattered, but those at the back were close and thick. From a distance the King could be seen entering the lodge by the front entrance, but no person, unless he were set especially to watch, could see him emerge from it by the back door, which he generally did a few minutes after entering the ; ledge. Here, having provided himself with suitable clothes, he transfoimed himself from a king into- a \ery common pen on, and in this disguise he went wherever his fancy took him. It took him, soon after he was crowned, to the school which Coltsfoot kept in the village. A hundred boys and girls were busily employed in producing that strange babel of sound, without which common children can not learn to spell r-a-t rat, c-a-t cat, and so on, when Sassafras presented himself at the door. The sun light was streaming across the desk by which Colts foot cat, serious and thoughtful as usual. He started up when he saw Sassafras, and ran towards him with eager gladness. ' Welcome ! Welcome ! ' he cried. ' How you have grown ! Now you will have plenty to tell me. Are you going to stay at home: Are your travels ?over ? ' 'Yes,' answered Sassafras, as they stood with their hands upon each other's shoulders, gazing affection ately into each other's eyes ; *' and I will see you as often as I can.' Thus the old intercourse was renewed, and the old friendship, which had never been broken, came into active play again. Sassafras had taken the pre caution to have his ilothee made of such material as ordinary people Kse, and he managed cleverly enough, to thoroughly preserve his incognito. How he spent his etolen hours, which were not many, need not here be set down in detail. He went about with. Coltsfoot, and learnt many things, of which he would , have been entirely ignorant had he confined himself to the routine of duties and pleasures, which belonged to his kingly office. He renewed his acquaintance ship with Bagged Robin, who was a woodman how, as his father was before him, with Coltsfoot's mother, . Dame Endive, and with Bluebell, who had grown' into a beautiful girl, bright, joyous, happy, and as innocent as a bird. Ragged Robin had become more l th8n ever learned in the life of the woods ; he could shut his eyes, and show you mure marvels than you. had ever dreamt of. With his father's axe he had inherited his lather's grievance — the sigh for two shillings' a week more. Now, to speak the truth, and to state the cafe exactly as it stood, Robin really was receiving precisely two shillings a week more than his father had received ; but this did not matter-V.it was two shillings a week more that he wanted. 'Will this grievance, which has a general application, ever be remedied, and wUl the, world ever be set right in this respect? W.ith the three small fiddlers, Iris, Lucerne, and DaisyrSa*- ' ' safras contracted a great friendship; they did not recognise him as the person who had addressed thera in the churchyard, for he had disguised his voice 6a that occasion, and he was covered with hi? large cloak,, from head to foot. When they saw him coming they would run to tbe door, and Daisy would leap into his arms, and Lucerne would take tight hold of the hem. of his coat, and wouldn't let go, and Iris would wel come him in her quieter fashion. These three little maidens were deeply in love with him, and it was arranged that when Daisy and Lucerne grew up he should marry them both, and set the laws of No-land at defiance. ' If I were to tell you that in his lodge the King of No-land kept private stores of sweet meats, with which he would cram his pockets when he went to see these three email children, whose boots were patched, and whose socks and stockings were darned and darned until they had lost all likeness of their original selves, you would scarcely believe it, perhaps ; but it is true, nevertheless, and true, also, that some of the veiy pleasantest hours in his life were passed in the society of these humble little maidens,' who, at his bidding, would stand before him .and play their sweetest melodies. It was a scene worth wit nessing, and had it become known that Sassafras, King of No-land, could be seen on certain occasions sitting en a stool in the kitchen, listening to the . fiddling of these poor children, a large number of persons would doubtless, have assembled outside the bouse. Just about that time the newspapers of No-land were filled with accounts of the approaching, visit of a barbarian king, who reigned over an insignificant number of persons in a far distant land. This king, who had never been out of his own country, and who had the miserable presumption to call himself the king of kings, as though he were Jehovah, was an arrogant, proud, and tyrannical ruler, iu whose presence his subjects trembled as they would have trembled before the might and majesty of God. He held their lives literally in the palm of his hand, and his nod was sufficient to cause a thousand heads to be struck off. He had nothing to recommend him ; he wad sullen, narrow-miaded, insolent, and indescribably dirty in his habits. Never theless, it was deemed necessary for*State reasons to receive and entertain him, as though in his person were to be found the embodiment of all the. virtues and the personification of all those great qualities by which mankind is ennobled. Therefore, this miser able king of kings was received and worshipped as though he were truly a god, and if his pride and arrogance needed strengthening, he could not have come to a better place. Guns thundered, music played, soldiers marched, flags waved, and the streets were crowded iu his honour, and as the barbarian was drawn in a stately carriage here and there to grand entertainments, heralded by trumpets, surrounded by obsequious magnificence, his handsome tawny face, if it can be said to have had any expression, bore on it an ex pression which said, ' It is well ; all this flattery, all this . bending and bowing, all this grovelling and fawning, prove to me, if I needed proof, that I, the ignorant barbarian, am something more than human, and that you are aB dirt beneath my feet. There are in me divine attributes which you might search for in vain among the hordes of common people who assemble to do me honour.' He wore a hat which blazed with costly diamonds and other jewels, such, as had never before been seen within so small a compass, and those men and women in No-land who led the fashion and constituted ' society ' gazed with awe and worship upon the glittering mass, and many among them would have been glad of the opportunity to fall down and kiss the flirty feet of him who wore them. Not, in the most solemn moments, nor on the most sacred occa sions of their lives, never in their homes nor in their churches, had their minds been filled with such wor shipping adoration. CHAPTER VIII. ? NO EXAMPLE OF MINE SHALL EVER WEAKEN OR DEGRADE IN MY PEOPLE'S El'ES TUB 8AKCTITY OF THE MARRIAGE VOW ! The nation was in a state of extreme dejection. King Sassafras was indisposed, and an important cere monial had to be postponed to a future day. Bulletins were .flying all over No-land, and a hundred editors were writing leading articles upon the subject of the King's illness. Fresh editions of all the principal newspapers were published every hour, containing such intelligence as 'His most gracious Majesty remains in the same condition ; ' ' The pain in his most gracious Majesty's head continues unabated ; ' ' Hib most gracious Majesty is no worse ; ' ' His most gracious Majesty is no better ; ' 'No change to report;' 'His most gracious Majesty has eaten his dinner.' In this way the appe tite and anxiety of the subjects of King Sassafras were in some measure appeased. And all this while, King Sassafras, quite unaware of the excitement he was creating, was laughing in his sleeve. He was shamming illness, not for the first time, for the purpose of having a few hours' quietude. He saw no other way of. being let alone for a short while. There was not the least cause for anxiety. He was as well in health as you and I are, but he was wearied almost to death by the fetes and ceremonies given in honour of the king of kings, and in which he had had to play so prominent a part. He had during all that time been disgusted with himself for having had to do this and that in the way of pumped up hospitality to this barbarian; for, entertaining as he did a profound contempt for this man, and a pro found horror of his ideas and notions. Sassafras would have been inclined to teach him a different lesson from that which he must have learned during bis visit. However, on this point he had, i f he wanted any peace, to keep his opinion to himself, and he was heartily glad when the barbarian ruler quitted the shores of No-land, and the absurd aud ' senseless pomp was at an end. He was alone now in his private apartment. Books and papers were scattered on the floor and on the sofa on which he was lying. He had been reading for fully two hours, and hiB desire that, he should be undisturbed had thus far been obeyed. . On hit ? - « ?. ?? features, as lie read, were exhibited signs of ebaM and petplexity, and he was eo deeply interested in b)B pursuit as not to bear a knock at the door, thrice repeated. Presently, with caution and timidity, the doer was opened. ' Your most gracious Majesty — ' It was Loid Crabtree who spoke. The King looked up and frowned. Then he remembered that he was r *ick, and he put bis hand to hie head and groaned. Loid Crnbtree'e laee assumed an expression of most anxinns sympathy. ' Yow Majesty etill puffcre, I regret to «ee.' Kir g Sassafras groaned again, and shifted his posi tion fretfully. ' Will your most gracious Majesty see the royal physicians?' ' No, my lord. Repose is what I require — perfect repose. Solitude is the only medicine that can do * m good — with no one to worry me — with no old cbatterpate to set my head a-singing,' Loid Crabtree did not take the hint— being too dull, perhaps, to understand it. 'The royal physicians have held a consultation up «m the state of your Majesty 's health ' M That is the 6fth to-day. Dear ! dear ! Why do they trouble themselves so much ? ' 'The trouble is' a pleasure,' said. Lord CrabtTee, quoting a' common fo-m of politeness, and unaware of its inappntpriuteneBS on the present occasion. ?'They say that your gracious Majesty readfi too much.' ** The reyal physicians are a set of— very worthy fellows. But tell me, my Lord Crabtree, should not -» king make himself acquainted with what goes on in his kingdom?' 'It is scarcely necessary, your Majesty.' replied Lord CrabtTee ; ' your Majesty is in the happy position of being spared the trouble of thinking. You are surrounded by servants who joyfully take that labour upon themselves.' *' Servants such as yourself, my Lord Crabtree.' ' SachjB myself, your Majesty.' ' Savants who cut and measure my life as a tailor cuts and measures his cloth. But we live two lives, ny lord.' ' 1 do not understand your graciouB Majesty.' 'An outer and an inner life. My outer life you may «ut, and measure, and snip; but my inner life' — and King Sassafras touched his head and his heart — ??is my own, and no tape of yours shall measure it.' Lord Crabtree bowed, vainly striving to banish the look of alarm which had overspread his features when King Sassafras had touched his forehead. 'Therefore,' continued the King, 'I deem it necessary to learn what my subjects are doing — how arts snd learning progress, or whether they do progress— how my subjects amuse themselves— what changes are being made in the social life— whether the people are contented — and what views are held by different classes. How am I to gain this knowledge ? But through one medium that I can see — printed paper. Books and newspapers. See — here they are.' Sassafras looked round wearily, and repeated, ♦* Books and newspapers ! Books and newspapers ! My Lord CrabtTee, they are sufficient to drive a weak mind to idio:y. X have read and read until I am fairly bewildered. . The fever of this life is too muck for me. I am racked with anxiety. I am torn to pieces by doubt. The past and the future weigh me down. What now is the present to me r Yesterday I was a monkey, and to-morrow I shall have no coals to burn !' Sassafras walked about the room with a disturbed air ; but presently, seeing JL.ord Crabtree' s anxious eyeB watching him, he laughed merrily and clapping the old neb'-man on the shoulder, said in a gay* tone, 'Never mind xnjPwild, words, my lord ; kings must have their humours.' ' Your Majesty's merry mood delights me.' 'A true courtier's speech. But come, my lord, yon had a motive in intruding upon me.' ' Indeed, your Majesty, if I might make so bold ? ' 'To the point, my lord; to the point. Your motive.' But it was impossible for Lord Crabtree to come to the point without going round abeut. It is the way «rf such. ' If it might please your Majesty to forgive your loyal servant and subject ? ' '? You are forgiven. Proceed.' '* I would humbly crave an audience to speak with your MajeBty privately upon a subject most import ant to yourself and to the nation — a vital subject, your Majesty.' ' Thertfore an unpleasant one.' 41 Not at all, your Majesty,' said Lord Crabtree, with a giggle. 'Pleasant and joyful ! Pleasant and joyful ! ' ' Pleasant and joyful ! name it.' With ? preparatory smack of his lips, Lord Crabtree replied, ?? Marriage.' King Sassafras looked thoughtful and gravely at bis Confidential Worryer. ' A pleasant and sacred subject, my lord. I will listen to what you have to say. ' The King settled himself comfortably in an easy chair. Lord Crabtree, thus encouraged, cleared his throat and proceeded. ' Your most gracious Majesty's health is not gcod.' '?Truly, my lord ; I suffer much. What has that to do with the subject in hand ?' *? Your Majesty, marriage is good for the health.' ?? Ah ! and am I to take it as it it were a pill.' *' Your Majesty's wit is transcendent. Will your Majesty, looking upon .me for the nonce in the light of a physician — and I may consider myself one on ibis subject, having lived matrimonially for seven and-twenty years— condescend to explain to me the ordinary symptoms of your sickness ? . ?' My symptoms ! Let me think. First, my lord, a general weariness.' ' Good— good. A disinclination for society.' . ?? Especially for society that bores me. A desire for solitude— a wish that I could shut the door upon the world, and be let alone. Then an inclination to snake myself disagreeable, from which I am sure, my lord, you have suffered much. Then a general peevishness, and a tendency to believe that most things are wrong.' ' Ab I expected, your Majesty. A complete dis organization of the system.' *' Precisely. Leading me to take distorted views of tbirgs. As, for instance, that absurd comparison of mine the other day concerning the garden and the present. You must have been much astonished, my lord, at my wild words.' **I was, your Majesty, I was. I have thought seriously and deeply upon your Majesty's remarks about that garden — have put all my mind to them — —and I have been unable to arrive at an understand ing of them.' ??I do not wonder at it, my lord. Are my symptoms eueh as you imagined ?' ' Your Majesty, they tally exactly with the diag nosis I have made of your Majesty's health. And the royal physicians are with me.' In this way Lord Crabtree placed himself above the royal physicians. ' And you stiH prescribe ? ' 'Marriage, your M-$esty. The pleasantest medi ' Have you found it bo, my lord ? ' Lord Ctabtr^e winced slightly. ' Lady Crabtree and I are of one aiind upon that, yenr Majesty. Nothing c-mld have been better — nothing c n)d have been better.' But his voice was ji--t rcmatkahle for cheerfulness as htj made the declaiaiinn. '* I desire no greater happiness,' said King Sassa fras, in a muring tone, ' than to mate with one to whom rr.y heart is drawn. A. partnerbhip of hearts and *ouls. my lord, as well as of handu. Heaven upon earth must be realised in the perfect joy of such an union.' Lord Crabtree listened with delight. All was g- ing on swimmingly. 'The wieen mini, your Majesty, that ever lived — ' The fu6gy, fidgety manner ot Lord Crabtree changed the king's humour. ?' Surely the man lives not in my kingdom, my lord ? His name r' ' The great King Solomon, your Majesty. He, who knew how to rightly estimate all things, spoke in favour of matrimony.' ' Gave his vote for it. I cannot call to mind the manner or the matter of his testimony.' 'Did he not say that a virtuous woman was a crown of something to her husbaud? I forget the precise words.' ' Something in the jewel way, doubtless, as a woman was in question. He should have known the value of a wife. He had a thousand who ought to have stood to him in that connection.' -? ' Has your Majesty ever given the matter a thoupht ? .inquired Lord Crabtree, ' I have, my lord ; many and many a dream have I indulged in, in which I have pictured the pure de lights which wait on mutual love. Is it possible that such happiness can ever be mine!' He rose and paced the room with an agitated air. ' Can it ever, ever be ? or am I doomed to be denied the sweetest bletsing which life contains ? My lord, I can see the woman I would fain call my queen.' ' See her, your Majesty ! ' and Lord Crabtree looked about him anxiously, in the fear that some fair nymph was concealed behind the curtains. ' She is here, my lotd,' said King Sassafras, touch ing his forehead, and, relieved of his fears. Lord Crabtree gave a sigh of relief. ' If one could find her now ! And if there was no obstacle in the way ! ' He paused before Lord Crabtree, and the old courtier leant iorward, and rubbed his hands to and fro upon hie knees, and clucked like an old hen. 11 What obstacle can there be in the way, your Majesty ? What other gentleman in the world can choose as your Majesty can chooBe, with the certainty of being blessed ? Not that but the lady will be much more blessed. A happy, happy lady ! A queen whom all will envy !' And Lord Crabtree rubbed his hands more vigorously upon his shaky old knees King Sassafras gazed upon him with suspicion. ' I do not understand, my lord.' ' If one could find her now !' chuckled Lord Crabtree. ♦ * If one could rind her now 3 That is what . your Majesty said. He ! he ! he ! ' And having had his wheezy' old laugh out, Lord Crabtree whispered confide ntially, ' Your Majesty, we have found her ! ' The King started back, and his face grew pale. ' You have found her ! ' he echoed. Lord CrabtTee was so enthusiastic in his purpose that he did not observe the expression on his royal master's countenance. ' We have found her, your MajeBty ! A princess in whose veins runs the blood of halt a hundred kings. A jmncess whose lineage will add honour and lustre even to the House of Sassafras. A prin cess who ? ' ' Stop, my lord. Of what lady are you speaking ?' ' The Princess Calla, your Majesty, whom you met doubtless, in your travels. A girl then ; a woman now. A Princess out of a thousand, your Majesty ! Happy, happy day !' ' SBy ho more, my lord,' cried the King haughtily. ' So ! you have measured even this part of my life for me. This is the union of hearts and souls that you propose to me. Why, my lord, you must think me a very puppet, or something worse ! The lady to whom you refer I never met in my travels : she never saw me, nor I her. I know her, of course, as does all the world, as the daughter of a great king, and that is all. She speaks not a word of my language, nor I a word of hers. From the different circumstances of our lives, from the oppo site natures of the peoples over whom her royal father and I reign, it is almost impossible that we can have one sentiment in common. Our laws are different ; our institutions are different ; our religions are different. I love my country ; I love my people, cut off from them as it seems to me I am. What would the world be but for love r and am I to be deprived of it because I had the misfortune to be born a prince ? If I met with one of my own people in whose breast dwells all that it pure and good and - innocent, and to whom my heart iB drawn by that sweet sentiment which humanises the world, why should I not mate with her r ' Lord Crabtree clasped his hands, with a cry of dismay which he could not check, and the King, whose last word6 had been addressed to his own soul as it were, said sternly, ' Mark me, my lord. This part of my life shall not be measured for me. When I marry, 1 choose for myself !' 'It is against all precedent, your Majesty,' whimpered Lord Crabtree, in anguish. 'I beg, I implore your MajeBty to reflect !' ' No reflection is necessary. Why should I be de prived of a man's dearest privilege ? My lord, I will dispense with your farther attendance to-day.' ' I entreat your most gracious Majesty to allow me one more word.' ' Quickly, then.' ' If any lady has been happy enough to attract your Majesty's notice,' said Lord Crabtree, his head wagging from one side to the other, injdeep distress ; ' if your Majesty's eye has been captivated by beauty — we old men know from experience how hard it is to restrain young blood' — (the King stamped bis foot impatiently) — 'if your Majesty has any private attachment ? ' 'Well, my lord! Whatthen?' Lord Crabtree was in agony. The King's last words seemed to admit of the existence of a private attachment. The old lord had a thought to express, but he did not know how to shape it in words. ' Your Majesty, consider, I implore you. Do not commit yourself. Do nothing rash.' 'Speak plainly, my lord. Say that I have a private attachment. Say that I have met a lady whom I love. Well r ' ' Yout Majesty,' said Lord Crabtree, with tears in his eyes, ' would not surely think— think of — of ? ' ?Of what, my lord ? Speak out, like a man.' 'Of marrying, your Majesty? Your Majesty would not surely think of that ? ' The King's eyes glittered. ' What else should I think of with reference to a woman whom I love r ' 'Anything, your Majesty,' cried Lord Crabtree, wringing his 'hands. ' Anything — anything ! Women are easily satisfied. What would a woman not give for a king's smile, for a king's embrace ! YoHr MajeBty does not know — the honour of the royal notice — even, if the wont came to the worst, a morganatic marriage — easily managed, your Majesty, easily' — 7- But Lord Crabtree was obliged to pause jn hit foundering speech. The King's strong hand / ? . , , had grasped hi* shoulders so firmly that he winced with pain. ' Enough, my lord,' said SaBsafras, in clear scorn ful tone*. ' I* i -rbid you to apeak another word. ? Leave n-e ; and take with you this assurance. No example of min*- shall *v«- weaken or degrade in mv people's cyee the sanctity of the marriage bond. I am but a man, ar.d in this am no better than the humblf et of my subjects. What would be crime in him is crime in me. No convenient winking of the e\es on the part of prieste and laymen can make it otherwise. The shame of a left-handed marriage shall not rest upon my name. When I marry, I marry with my right band. And my heart shall be in it ! *' Chapter IX.— Thb «h?amocut6 and the wobtik BBBUIE6. *-om the date of this conversation, Sassafras spent more time than ever in his private lodge, and it was quite a common thing for the lords-in- waiting to be iiilormed three and four times a week that his Majesty had gone to his lodge, and had given orders that he was not to be disturbed. Tfce lodge begin to be talked about, and queer things were said concerning it. With reference to the King's conduct and his growing detire for f eriution, the lords-in-waiting, with Lord Crabtree at their head, decided in consultation that, although matters were not as they should be, their wisest couree at present was to humour ? his eccentric Majesty. When the Court News man ai-ked Lord Crabtree what he should say in his dailv report concerning the movements of the King, he was told to write : ' His Majesty walked in theBoyal grounds.' But this line was repeated so many times when SassafraB was not seen in the royal grounds, that it set tongues a-wagging, even among the attendants, and it began to be a saying, when anyone was on a sly expedition, that he was walking in the royal grounds. A bit of gossip, with the flavour of scandal in it, is as delight ful to a duchess as to a washerwoman. Some of them even went bo far aB to wink at each other, ana to touch their noses with their forefingers. But these palaee tongues wagged discreetly, and a sort of fi ef masonry was established in the wink ing of eyes and the touching of noBes, to which only the select were admitted. Outsidethe palace tongues, eyes, and noses were not so discreet. Numbers of people were busy putting two and two together, as the saying is. The saying was not sufficiently ex plicit in this instance,' for instead of putting two and two, the gossipers and tittle-tattlers were busy put ting one and one together. And one was Sassafras and one was a lady. The presence of Sassafras was always necessaiy for the correct doing of the sum ; the lady was sometime* changed. The misfortune was that all sorts of things got mixed up together, in conse quence. One thing leads to another, it is true, but there is often not the slightest relationship between one and another. It had been intended that the proposed matrimonial alliance between King Sassafras and the Princess Calla should be kept a profound secret; but some how or other the news leaked out, and it was spread abroad that his Majesty declined to entertain the pro posal. The newspapers of good repute said as little about it as possible, for political reasons, but the matter was not allowed to die out because they were silent. There resided in No-land a very prolific tribe, whose family name was Quatnocht. Great numbers of the members of this family were to be found in every town, city, and hamlet of the kingdom. The smallest villages were not free from them-. Their prying eyes were in every street, and so powerful were those eyes that they could pierce stone walls, and see what was going on inside ; their tongueB wagged at every corner ; they stopped at evexy convenient post, and touched noses, with a knowing air. These Quamoclits made g--and use of their noses, for they poked them everywhere, especi ally in those places where they were least wanted. They scented the news of the King's refusal to con tract an alliance with the Princess Calla as bees scent honey, and the owners of these clever features went Tound and about whispering to each other, and making friends of each other's buttons, which they contemplated with pensive affection as they tittle-tattled. So the King would not marry ! they eeid to eue another. Strange ! was it sot ? (Here they winked.) There mu6t be a reason for it. O, yes ; there must be a reason/or it. Do you know ? H-m ! Do you ? (Here they touched their noses.) Well, we have heard something. Indeed 1 But it must not be repeated— no, not for the world. It was strange, and the more one thought of it the stranger it was. 'His Majesty was often absent from the palace now! (Here they looked mys teriously at one another ) Indeed ? O, yes ; for hours together. Perhaps he was in the palace all the while! Perhaps, fim! hm! hm! Even Lord Crabtree was kept in the dark. Curious ! was it not ? Then there is that lodge which he will allow no one but himself to enter. What tales those walls could tell if they could speak ! Very mysterious ; very. A lady in the case. (Here they winked, and touched their noses, and looked knowingly at one another, all at one time.) Hush sh-sh ! How tan you ? Well, we did hear yesterday thathmi hm! hm! You won't tell anybody, will you ? I bad from— hm ! hm ! In strict confidence, you know. Thus they talked and whispered, and, as our in genious brethren in the West would doubtless say, inuendoed. For our Western brethren — who also have their Quamoclits — are great at the turning of nouns into verbB. But these Quamoclits did still greater mischief. Some of them had newspapers of their own, or were employed upon newspapers, and the King's refusal of the hand of the Princess Calla was- a pet theme in their leading articles and special correspondence. They stretched it wantonly as they would a piece of indiarubber, until they made rents and holes in it. In a very short time it was twisted out ef all resemblance to itself. There wbb another tribe in No- land to whom this dish was like the spice of Arabia. Whortleberry was the name of this tribe. These Whortleberries also possessed a newspaper or two, and in the columns of their papers the dish was served up in a hundred ways, with the very hottest seasoning. Some of these papers fell into thft-hands of King Sassafras. Some of the remarks which were made concerning him came to his knowledge. ' Good God !' he cried. ' Is it possible that I can be sueh a monster ?' Stung in the tenderest part of him— his manhood — he threw aside all counsel, and indirect opposition to the advice of his Confidential Worryers, he read and studied what was written about him. The more he Tead the more he was distressed. The more he heard the more he grieved. Had he, in his royal station, possessed a friend like Coltsfoot, he might have turned some of the experience he was gaining to good account ; but he was surrounded by flatterers and fawners and court-parasites, who would have been well content to see him spend his life es his father had done. He blushed when he was told that his person was sacred, that he, above all other men, was watched over by a special Providence, and that he was hedged round by divinity. 'Il this be true,' he mused, 'I am Bomcthiag more than human.' He trembled from sensitive Bhame, for he knew^that it was false. '?And yet,' he thought, pursuing hU reflections,. ' did not the barbarian ruler, who Jately visited No land arrogate to himself the awful title of King of' Kings? It is monstrous — monstrous and wicked! Surely that title can only be held by the Great and Merciful King who rules over all ! ' But if he mentally protested against being held up as a kind of sacred symbol — if he set aside (as he did, with scorn) the idea that his rights were more divine than those of other men, he was filled with juwt indignation by what he read concerning himself in the papers owned by the Whortleberries. According to these organs, he was either the feeblest fool that ever breathed, with soul so warped by the pursuit of sensual and sensuous pleasure as to be deaf and blind to the misery which surrounded him, or he was directly responsible and accountable for all the^ evil and suffering which existed in the land. ' If either of these be true,' he mused with, troubled soul, ' I am indeed less than human— more akin to brute than man.' He paid to Coltsfoot, ?? What is your opinion of kings, Coltsfoot ? ' j It was rarely that Coltsfoot was in a light humour*, but he happened to be so upon this occasion. ' I myself,' he said with a light laugh, ' happened: to put that very question once to an amiable cynic. He answered that they were necessary evils.' .Every nerve in Sassafras' s body tingled, quivered, with pain. Although Coltsfoot had but repeated the words of another man, and although he i had spoken, lightly, a slight dash of Bcorh in the speaker's tone tinged them with a personal bitterness. ' Of our King, now,' continued Sassafras, cm- I trolling his agitation, 'Sassafras? What do you. thick of him?' I *? I have never seen him.' I ' But,' insisted 8assafras-, ' you have your idea'- I concerning him. What do you think of him ?' I 'At the best,' replied Coltsfoot, shrugging his- I shoulders, ' he is nothing more than a puppet. Set I aside the pomp and glitter which surround him, and I he becomes, in himself and by himself, utterly in- I significant.' I The tone of indifference in which this was uttered. I stung Sassafras more- deeply even than Coltsfoot's- I previous utterance. I ' Is your opinion general ? ' he asked. I ' No ; some few would express themselves in eiinT- I lar terms ; a larger number would be mere violent in. I the same direction. On the other hand, there are- I many thousands who regard King Sassafras with an I admiration which approaches idolatry. There are I ladies in the fashionable world who would think it no I extravagance to kiss the ground he walks upon,. I and who see in him qualities bo transcendent I as to seriously warp their moral sense. To their I minds, a king sanctifies whatever he touches. Let me- I tell you a story that iB current. Some years since a^ I prince of another land was Bent upon his travels ; he I was a person distinguished for good humour and I amiability of disposition. He travelled the world,- I and opportunities were given. to him of seeing what I no other man had seen in a lifetime, and he was I received everywhere with grand demonstrations, and. I was cordially welcomed. In a certain flourishing city, a dependency of the empire of which he was a representative, the fashionable men and women— especially the latter — went almost mad in the exstacy of their admiration. Toweh that he wiped his hands upon were torn into fragments, and the pieces wete taken home by the ladies as relics; the ends of the cigarettes he smoked were picked up as he threw them away, and religiously preserved. It wouM» be the same, I doubt not, with our own King; Sassafras. He is to them a visible god, whom they* worship, not with indifference and languor, as most of them wrrehip in their churches, but with an enthu siasm which is as lamentable as it is extravagant.' Coltsfoot paused for a few moments ; his light mood had passed away, and he was now serious and thoughtful. ' It may be said by many unprejudiced, lookers-on that these are harmless follies— I differ from them. The persons who practise, them are seriously in earnest, and tfey telcng to the clatses which set the fashions for the people — the fashions in conduct and behaviour' at home and in the streets— the fashions in dress-(in- itself an educator), and even in morals, a convertible word, unfortunately, nowadays.- The lowly are taught always to aspire, to look up, and they look up to theEe persons and aspire to their follies. I would, promote mirth, pleasure, and rational enjoyment by eveiy means in my power ; but I would set my heel upon these sinful extravagances, which are- . practised by 'persons whose education and position should teach them how to make better use of the advantages they enjoy. There are in life sweeter, fashions than these to follow.' ' Is the King to blame for all these things ? ' said. Sassafras with downcast looks. ' He is but a young man,' replied Coltsfoot ; ** it would be most uujust to say that he is responsible for the bad systems which have grown out of the lust fox pleasure and ease. He is much to be pitied.' ' Truly,' said Sassafras gravely. ' I think so tooi . See here what they eay about him.' Coltsfoot read the slanders in the paper which Sas safras handed to him, and said, i , 'This is one of the reasons why I think the King r is to be pitied. I have often Been the person who ? edits thiB paper.' ' Is he in earnest r Is he sincere r ' inquired Sas safras anxiously. 'I should be sorry to shake hands with him,'' replied Coltsfoot. 'He does what pays him beat. _ Before he became a paper politician,, he gained a name among the poor and igno rant by writing lewd stories— stories which, strike at the very foundation of morality, and which area disgrace to the literature of No-land. But the people have worthier champions than he, and some of their cheap weekly papers which I could name, and which circulate largely among them, are doing honest and wholesome work, which iB bearing good fruit to day, and will bear better by and by. Bat enough of this. Let us go and see our little fiddlers.' * ? * * Turn we from these troublous matters. A quieter,, sweeter theme invites us. While the wild winds are raging in one place, light breeees float in another,. where the storm- tossed soul can find repose. Cast your ejes over the world, and you will see in the same moment the white snow falling and the bright rose unfolding its leaves— the brown leaves fluttering to the ground in the sad pensive light of an evening in autumn, and the green branches, with the dew glistening upon them, laughing into bud in the light of a sweet fresh morning in spring. I chaptke x. — swebt 18 tgb aik kow and fob bvbb £ i Heart whibprbb low, chakge will come hbveb, ? The old country lane is sweet with the fragrance of I a bright midsummer. The hedgerows are beautiful I in their luxuriance of wild rose, bluebell, and honey- I suckle. Myriad tiny blossoms, with eyes of scarlet I and purple and gold, are peeping out beneath the richly-laden thickets, and smiling in the face of the drowsy clouds. Here and there are clusters ef tiny silver eyes. At a . ittle distance they look like pure white tears. They xnigntbe, for before the son rose this morning the xain fell. And as it fell it stirred everything into life, and brought out the most precious odours of all the sweet-smelling plants. When the fragrant air, on its ?way to the cloud?, reached the neete of the waking birds, they stretched th*ir wings and bathed in it, piping their blithest notes. In a Tery small and very old cottage, so eovered with ivy and moss as to warrant the fancy that it must have grown out of the earth as the flowers and trees do, sits an old woman shelling peas. Every now and then she looks out of window. A yellow basin is in her lap, and the freshly-gathered young peas are in a wicker basket by her side ; her brown bony frgers never cease from their task. The window by which she is sitting is open, and she is almost within arm's reach of a young girl, who sits in the cottageporch in a framework of creeping honeysuckle. The twin ing plants bend about her and above her wooingly. fcbe iB as fair as the summer day, as sweetas the air which steals through the porch to kiss her, and then wanders on rejoicing. Ber pretty lips are parted, so that you may catch a glimpse of her pearly teeth ; the light in her soft and luminous eyes seems to be turned inwards, as though she » looking, on. her soul; a happy sigh cccapcs -her bosom now and then. She is daydream ing, out it would not be possible to picture her dreams. Say that they are composed of sweet warm cokur, which makes the present and the future beautiful and peaceful ; say . that summer is in. her soul, and all is said that oan be taid. . Her name is Bluebell. Dame Endive1 is the name of the old woman. In this rustic cottage dwell four persons: Spring and Winter in the persons of Bluebell and Dame Endive; Coltsfoot, Dame Endive's son; and Ragged Robin, Bluebell's brother. There are four rooms in the cottage — two above, two below. The room above the porch, the window of which, with its closely latticed panes, you see peeping out of its green nest, is the bedroom occu pied by Bluebell and Dame Endive. The room behind that, which looks down upon a email kitchen garden from which the peas have been gathered, is the sleeping room of Ragged Robin. . Coltsfoot sleeps in a little room behind his schoolhouse, which is not at a great dis tanee from the cottage. Bluebell js making backets with slender reeds and willows and differently-coloured grasses ; she is very cunning and clever in the weaving of them, and seems to invest them with something of her own grace and beauty and freshness. They are very , fragile, and require delicate handling ; but they are so pretty that Dame Endive finds a ready sale for them in the market that is held once a week about two miles distant from the cottage. Ladies buy them as well as countrywomen, and they grace many a drawing room round about. Dame Endive, who has led a nerd-working industrious life, is very happy to have something to do in her old age— something, too, that brings in money towards the expenses of the household. The baskets are light, and easy to carry, and on market-day Bluebell hangs them about the old woman's breast' and shoulders, and she starts in the early morning, a living network of bright moving colour. The baskets are ef various shapes — very fantastic some of them— and as the old woman moves slowly along, assisted by her crutch-stick, she makes quite a picture. When she stops to rest, the birds hover about her, and' some who have grown familiar with her are bold enough to perch upon the baskets that hang from the old woman's back, and enjoy a ride without paying for it. 'The, day ^ beautiful, my dear,' pipes Dame Endive from her window. Bluebell awakes from her dream, and nods and smiles. She is as beautiful and as happy as the day. She wears a light cotton dress, with a small lilac sprig, her hair has escaped from its confinement, and gar lands her neck. Dame Endive's cotton dress is of a darker hue, and her white hair is enclosed in a cap as white. This, although it is the middle of the week, is » gala day. Eighteen years ago Bluebell was bom. 'Coltsfoot will give his school-children a half honday,' says Dame Endive, in her shrill voice. ' Bow do you know, mother r' asked Bluebell. ♦?Did he tell you?' ?? No, my dear ; but he'll do it. I don't need my MB to tell me things. I can read him though I can't read print, and my old eyes are not as good as they ?were.' Her old eyes are now, in fact, peering down the read for her son, who is not due for a long time yet. ? It wants an hour to noon, and half-an-hour after noon, the dinner will be ready, and then the reBtof the day ?will be spent in quiet holiday fashion in honour of Bluebell. Soon Bluebell gathers up her work, and foeB into the cottage to look after the dinner. Before she quits the porch, she also looks down the lane. ' Do you see him coming, my dear i' asks the old woman. Bluebell blushes, and shakes her head. When she is inside the cottage, Dame Endive grows garrulous over the virtues and accomplishments of her con, and dilates with pardonable pride upon the estimation in which he is held by all who know him. Bluebell listens, and says 'Yes, vc8,' to everything the old Woman advances, and Dame Endive gates on. her with. secret delight and pleasure. Coltsfoot and Robin 'come. Each has flowers for Bluebell. She selects tw® of the prettiest, one from «ach bunch, and twines them in her hair. Robin is a strong sunburnt man now. Woodman as he is, he belengs to tfoe thinking classes, for he has his griev ance—that two shillings a week more, which is to set everything aright. He gives Bluebell a sounding kiss, and wipes his lips afterwards. A strong yearning comeB into Coltsfoot's face as he takes Bluebell's hand in his, and wishes her joy. Ab he stands thus, his old mother calls out, 'What! and not kisB her on such, a day as this ? 'Well, if I was a man!' Whereupon Bluebell holds up her face, and he tenches her cheek with his lips. The old woman «ack'- s and laughs. 'May your life contain much brightness, Blue bell !' cays Coltsfoot tenderly. She answers sweetly, and bustles about to hide a tear. Joy and melancholy hold subtle relationship with each other. Along the fragrant country lane, in the direction of the cottage, Sassafras is strolling. When he is within hail of it he pauses and looks fondly about him. The beauty of nature sinks into his soul; and breathes peace into it He sighs with a senBe of relief, as he thinks that he is hare unknown and free, away from the cares and griefs which weigh so he avily upon him. ' Has any other man,' he mur murs, 'ever so fully appreciated the. pleasures of obscurity r' The reflection inspires the shadow of serious thought. He shakes it off. 'Thank God,' he says, ' to-day I am not a king !' He approaches nearer to the cottags; enters the porch. . They within see his face at the window, and they all smUe a '. welcome. Bluebell runs to open the door for htm. He also has a flower for her ; it is a rosebud with a small piece of rosemary attached. She places it in her bosom, and in a few moments they are ail eittisg down to dinner, and Sassafras ie declaring that the peas are tbe sweetest that he has ever tasted. ' And I'll wager,' he says, ' that I know who gathered them.' ♦'Yes, yes,' cackles the old woman, 'Bluebell gathered them. My old joints are stiff. I ean't stoop ts I used to.' Rubin is full of a subject which interests him hugely. For tome time past there have been rumours that the labourers in No-land — those who tilled and ploughed — were becoming dissatisfied with their condition, and that very week news had come that in a village hard by thirty of them had refused to do any more work for their masters, the farmers, unless they had two shillings a week more. Robin shovB himself to be quite a politician as he descants upon this theme, but the others decline to be drawn into conversation upon the subject. Sassafras cer tainly sajs that for his part he thinks he should like to be a woodman. Bluebell's eyes sparkle. ?Eh,' says Robin, ' but your handB are too soft.' 'They would soon grow hard,' replies Sassafras, Then Robin recalls the day on which they had first met, and teHs, for the hundredth time, what a queer chap he thought Sassafras was. 'He didn't know naught,' cries Robin, with a snap of his fingers ; ' he was the ignorantest chap / ever clapped eyes on ! ' After dinner they sat in the porch, talking. Sassa fras listens and says very little. He sits next to Bluebell, and this for him is sufficient happiness. There is to him something sacred in the very touch of this young girl's cotton dress; and if their fingers meet— as they do sometimes— every nerve in him thrills. Robin succeeds in drawing Coltsfoot out upon his pet theme. Coltsfoot, who knows the exact state of affairs, sympathises with the men, and wishes that their reasonable demands had been complied ?with. Their condition he describes as lamentable. 'They are waking up now, though,' shouts Robin triumphantly. ' But notwithstanding that they have reason and justice on their side,' observes Coltefoot, ' they have a hard battle to fight. The issue in the end cannot be doubted, but they will have to suffer. One doeB not need much for comfort and happiness in this world, and a man can do very well on a little ; but these men certainly have not enough, and certainly are most unfairly paid for their labour. We'll say no . more on the subject ; this is not the day for its dis cussion.' In the afternoon they stroll through the fields and the woods and Robin and Bluebell point out many wonders by the way. They are the happiest of the happy. Coltsfoot's usually grave face breaks into smiles, and he joins in the innocent merriment with the light spirits of a boy. ' I know where there is an echo,' says Sassafras. 'Let us go there,' cries Bluebell, clapping her htrds. They make their way through tangled brushwood, Sassafras leading. Now and then he turns, and assists Bluebell. 'With her hand in his he helps her to over come obstacles. 'Eternity must be filled with such days as this,' he says . Bluebell sighs a happy assent. Now end then Sassafras runs to help Dame Endive. ?'Thank you, my dear,' she says; 'it is fit that the young should help the old.' Coltsfoot hears this. ' 'You are right, mother,' he says; 'and the rich, the poor; the wise, the igno rant.' 'Too much wisdom is a dangerous thing,' ob serves Sassafras. He is in the humour to e&y; any daring thing. Now they are standing on a slight elevation. A few hundred yards away, where the land slopes towards a wood, rich with the richest treasures of the seasons, lies echo-land. Thitherward they walk briskly, and in another moment the inspired hollow speaks and laughs and sings. ' Hush !' calls out Sassafrass, with assumed solemnity. ' Hush !' responds the hollow solemnly. They gather about Sassafras. Coltsfoot regards him and Bluebell attentively; Bluebell has eyes for no one but him ; Dame Endive, leaning on her crutch rtick, peers up at him from beneath her spectacles ; Robin waves his arms, and is about to utter some wild words, when SasEatras, with his angers on his lips, says almost in a whisper, ' Speak low. or the old fellow will hear you.' ' What old fellow r' asks Robin, with a laugh. ' The old fellow who is hiding behind that clump of trees beyond. Did you not hear him call out to ub to kush ! You look incredulous. Because you do not see him, you think there is no old fellow there. But I declare he is there — an old grey-haired man, with serious eye and a long beard. He bade us hush ! because we were too merry. He has been there ever so many hundred years. The wood is haunted, and the old greybeard is but one of a great army of spirits who retreat into the hollows at the first sound of human footsteps, fit's voice is harsh and strong, but he has children whose softer voices mock the sighing wind as it glides past them.' 'A pretty fancy,'. says Coltsfoot, regarding Sassa fras with tender interest, and yet with a strange admixture of seriousness. A solemn look is in Bluebell's eyes as Sassafras describes the echo-king, and Sassafras, seeing this, breaks into a laugh, which is so contagious that, like magic, the hollow is filled with merry sound. ' Hark ! ' he cries, holding up again a warning finger. ' Those are the young spirits who are laugh ing. There are merry ones, and old ones, if we could only see them.' ' What are they like ? ' asks Bluebell, bending towards him, her face flushed with excitement. ' What are they like? ' *' Some of them are almost as pretty as Bluebell bere. They have sparkling eyes, and in the golden hair which floats down to their feet sun-sparkles ehase each other. In the summer they sing with the birds. It is they who drink the dew from the leaves.' *.' And in the winter i' 'They bind their hair with garlands of holly and laurel, and enchant into beautiful devices the hoar froBt on the branches of the trees. They peep inte the icicles, and melt them with the fire of their eyea. If they hear anyone laugh, they laugh and are happy. Then the old fellow with the lsng beard shivers and grunts and stamps his feet and blows upon his fingers. I like best to hear the young spirits. One night we will come here and watch them when they do not think we are looking.' Then Sassafras turns to Bluebell, and asks in a tender tone if she will sing a song, and Bluebell in a sweet voice sings, and the hollow echoes her song, but not so sweetly : — 'All things are fair; Nature rejoices; Valley and bill Thrill with sweet voices— All things are fair. Sweetie the air Now and for ever ; Heart whispers low. Change will come never All things are fair. Leok where I will Bnn'igbt'e bright glances PHI me with joy. Bow my heart danwe ! All thing* are tair.' ' That is my son's song,' says Dame Endive to Sassafras, with a proud look at Coltsfoot j ' he wrote it for Bluebell.' ' Your son is a poet.' 'He is anything he likes,' responds the fond mother ; ' he knows a mighty deal. He's a man ; there isn't a cleverer in No-land. Where he got all his learning from, gracious only knows, for I'm no scholar. But knowledge comes to him as seeks, I suppose. Ah, the nights he sat up when he was a boy ! ' 'You must not credit all that my mother says about me,' eays Coltsfoot, joining them. ' Mothers are over-fond. I guess she is speaking of me.' 'Tisn't me, my son,' says Dame Endive; ''tis him. He says you're a poet, and he says right He's ? lad of sense.' Coltsfoot shakes his head. * 'Because of my simple lines ? Nay, if there is a poet among us, it is our dear friend here, who has rust woven such pretty fancies out of the echoes. There is nothing fanciful in my verses. They fit Bluebell. All things are lair to her. I wrote them when I was in a happy, hopeful mood.' He utters these last words in a saddened tone, which, as the breeze awakes the lyre, stirs the mother's heart, and causes her to look with sudden apprehen sion into the face of her son ; from his face her eyes wander to the face of Sassafras, and a frowning light shines in them. Coltsfoot, self-engrossed in painful thought, does not observe these signs. ' Come mother,' he says, 'you and I will stroll quietly to some shady nook, and sit there ; I want to talk to you where there are no echoeB.' ' Ah, my son,' she replies, tenderly and piteously ; ' a mother's love '11 not fail you/' Mother and son walked away; Robin is wandering by himself in the woods; Sassafras and Bluebell are left alone. ' This 8weetfst of days,' murmurs Sassafras, in a lone which trembles from excess of feeling, ' has filled my life with tender memories.' They walk slowly, as in a dream, and Bluebell pre sently seats herself upon themossed outspreading trnnk of a grand old tree; Sassafras lies on the ground at her feet. A spiritual beauty dwells in Bluebell's face ; her soul is in perfect harmony with the beauty of the day. Her hands are resting on her lap ; Sassafras, timidly and with beating heart, lays his hand upon hers, and softly imprisons it. She trembles and looks down, but she does not shrink from him. Her pure soul rests in him utterly. Thus they sit in silence for fully half an hour, which seems but a few moments, the time flies so swiftly. But when a falling leaft or the fluttering of a bird's wings, disturbs the fine current of her waking dream, Bluebell see* the eyes of Sassafras gazing so ear nestly and tenderly into hers, that a new-born joy awakes in her heart, and her gentle breast is stirred by an emotion so exquisitely sweet aa to border almoBt upon pain. ' If it were so, Bluebell,' whispers Sassafras, ' if it were so! Now and for ever, heart whispers low, change will come never! If change would never come ! If we could remain thus for ever ! How fair, how beautiful is the world ! ' Bluebell looks upwards. ' There is a fairer world even than this,' she says softly. ' I could kaeel at your feet, and pray.' He does kneel at her feet, and claspB her hands, which she yields willingly to him. ' If during the moments that are now passing we ourselves should pass away, then death would surely be beautiful.' 'Why speak of death:' says Bluebell. 'Why wish for it? The world is very good. God saw that it was so/' They fall into silence again for a brief space ; but the lengthening shadows of the trees warn Sassafras that they must soon depart. He raises himself closer to Bluebell, and invites her to stroll to a peep of sun light in the distance. They walk hand in hand towards a small glade; the trees, which form a semi circle, throw faint shadows on the ground. ' One can fancy the echo-spirits dancing here,' Says Sassafras. ' On a moonlight night the shadows of the trees moving in the wind would present a strange and weiid- Uke appearance. Bluebell, I have not wished you happy returns of the day. I do so now, dear. May they all be as this has been !' She thanks him sweetly, and says that it is not to be expected. Life has its duties and cares ; she knows this, not from her own experience, for every body is very good to her, but from what Coltsfoot has told her. 'YeB,' he says, 'life has its cares and duties. But if love sweetens them ? .' What words are spoken immediately after these, neither of them ever remembers, except that he tells her he loves her, and that she, in perfect innocence and truthfulness, gives herself up to him ; then, with his arms around her dear form, he kissed her lips for the first time, and they walk slowly homewards to the cottage, with a heaven of happiness in their hearts. The changing colour of the clouds, the cooing of tbe birds, the worshipful swaying and murmuring of the branches, the fluttering of the leaves, and the other beautiful evidences of a beneficent Creator -which proclaim themselves wherever the lovers look or tread, seem to smile upon them, to be made for them. So they wander back to the old country lane, Sassafras leading Bluebell over tangled brushwood, and beneath bending branches which cling to the young girl's hair as though they are loth to lose her. Later in the evening, Bluebell and Sassafras stood side by side within the shadow of the cottage porch. It was time for them to part, and still they tarried, saying good-night again and again. The moon came out, and shone upon an orange-tree in the little garden ; eyes of pale golden light gleamed among the branches, 11 You must go, you must go,' Bluebell whispered, and still she clung to him. At length she turned from him with lingering steps. ' Good- night,' she said, 'Good-night, darling! God protect you! You are mine now, mint! ' ' Yes, I am yours,' she sighed happily. He bent his head, and they kissed. Then Bluebell glided swiftly from his embrace, and went into the house, and Sassafras, stepping into the light, saw Dame Endive watching him. She was standing a few paces away, and there was trouble in her eyes. Sassafras was uncertain how to act, but she decided for him. . 'Come 'into the kitchen,' said the old woman, ' and speak low, so that she shall not hear ub.' He followed her into the sanded kitchen, and the old woman laid her crutch aside, and sat down, with face averted from him. When she turned, he saw tears running down her old cheeks. ' This is the first time, dame,' he said ; ' I did not know until to-day that she loved me.' Dame Endive swayed to and fro in deep distress, and a feeble wail escaped from her. ' O, my son ! my son ! ' she moaned. Sassafras knew immediately the cause of her grief, and in the.midst of hiB own happiness his heart grew heavy. ' He loved her ! ' she said, in a suppressed tone, with jealous fierceness. 'And you knew it— you knew it!' 'Nay, dame,' he answered, with a spasm in hi? throat, ' I did not know it. Alas ! my best and onlv friend!', ' You are no friend of his,' hissed Dame Endive. ' You are a thief, and you have stolen his happiness I 8he would have loved him but for you. O, why did ' you come among us — why did you come ? I hate yoo, —I hate you ! And if you tell him I said so, I'll die, and corse you with my dying breath.' ' I'll not tell him,' said Sassafras gently and pity ingly ; ' but do not think so hardly of me. Where is Coltefoot ?' * 'He bade me see you before you left. He wiBhw to speak to you. You will find him at the bottom of' the lane.' ' I will go to him. Good night, dame.' But she waved him fiercely away, and as he left the room he again heard her mean, ' O, my son ! my son!' Coltsfoot was waiting for Sassafras. The two men. ? regarded each other with earnest losks. Neither strove to hide his thoughts from the other. But Coltsfoot was the more cheerful of the two. ' Ah,' he said, ' my mother has given you more than my simple message.' ' She told me you wished to see me.' ?? She told you something more.' Sassafras was silent. ' Well, I would rather she had not spoken; but you must forgive the mother. Old. age has its weaknesses. When we are old men, we shall perhaps babble indiscreetly. And then, dear friend, a mother does not reason.' 'Why was I fated to bring unhappiness into the life of my friend r' cried Sassafras mournfully^ 'into the life of the man whom I love and honour more than all others in the world ? ' 'It is pleasant to me to hear those words. We- ' cannot control circumstances. I have indulged a~ hope, and it is not to be realised ; but, thank God, she does not know ? ' He put this in the form of *.. question which Sassafras might be able to answer. ' I think she does not know,' said Sassafras ?idly. ' That U well. Tell me. She loves you ? Your silence is a sufficient answer. And you — you love: her ?' ' With all my soul,' replied Sassafras ; ' but you. have a prior claim — ' . ' Nay/'Jinterrupted Coltsfoot gently ; *' there is but. one consideration for us — her happiness. If you. were to desert her now, it would break her heart. I have known and watched her from her infancy, and I. can be, as I have ever been, a brother to. her. Dear Bluebell ! dear sister ! A purer mind, a sweeter heart, does not exist.' He paused for a moment or two. ' Only in the cause of one whom I look upon, as a sacred trust, and through whose innocence and. purity human nature becomes ennobled, would I use - the words I am now about to speak. But it ie unfortunately becoming the fashion of the time to hold many a pure and sacred thing in light esteem. You have won the love of a good woman ; it is a sacred and priceleBft blessing. I have held you as my friend ; shall I hold you so still ? ' ' Prove me.' ' I will. You have told Bluebell that you love her, and you have received a confession of love from her dear lips. Assure me that you have wooed and won.. her in full and earnest sincerity of heart and mind ? as true man woob and wins & good woman, whom he will soon take to his heart as his wife, and to whom.: he will be faithful until death separates them.' ' In that way I have wooed Bluebell — as God is my Judge '.' ' Thank God ! You are more than my friend — you are my brother. Take my hand, and do not fear to trust me. I can bear my sorrow more easily now— Dear lad ! you are worthy of her love !' 