POLITICAL TALE. According to the lie?t£gossip Sir James M'Cullocii is not likely to have a walkover, but is to be opposed by a Mr. B. Douglas; the friends of the-chief speak".of this new comers candidature as a joke, and .we cannot imagine that it will be otherwise. Opposition is also spoken of against Mr. Gillies at Maryborough, and as there has been so many names mentioned, it is difficult to guess who the coming man will be. Whoever be is, the Advertiser don't hold out a shadow of-hope against the new Minister of Lands. The Hon. D. Gillies will meet bis friends at Baringhup po Monday afternoon. They must be influential men indeed that would beat the pair at tbe ballot box. Sir J. M'Culloch will address his constituents at Warrnambool this evening, and give an outline of the policy of tbe Government, which, according to the Telegraph, will include :— 1st.—A land tax, computed on the annual value of tbe land, stuall holdings to be exempted. 2nd.—A tax on investments, small investments exempted. 3rd.—An income-tax to. make up any deficiency, a minimum income sufficient for the maintenance of an average family to be deducted in each instance. 4th.—A thorough revision of tbe tariff; no protective duties, to be either lowered or abolished, bnt useless and vexatious duties to be swept away. Mr. M'Pherson is to be allowed to '" pus on" unopposed. He would be a bold man that tilted a lance against the Chief Secretary iu his stronghold. As far. as can be learnt Mr. M'Lellan is to retain peacablc possession of his " perch," as the " Dove of Ararat." Mr. £erferd is likely to represent tbe Ovens during bis own will and pleasure, as it is not likely if any man ventured to oppose, be would have the ghost of a -chance against the Attorney-General. Mr. Mirams, who is to oppose Mr. itamsay, may condemn to bis heart's content the refusal of the Acting-Governor to grant Mr. Berry & dissolution, but this will sot avail him in his contest against tbe new Minister of Education. The miners of Balls rat will surely not be led by the nose by the u Major" and his ragged'regiment, bnt re-elect a man who has been true to his principles—Mr. Joseph Jones, "the Minister of Railways. The Berry hangers-on have declared war. to the knife' against . Dr. Madden of West Bourke. a man of talent, and possessed of abilities to make a first-class statesman: He is to be opposed by Mr. Mark Last Eng, whom we do not think the electors will accept in preference to tbe Solicitor-GeneraL On die. whole, the probabilities are,~that each Minister will take bis seat on tbe Government benches, at the meeting of die House. 