MISCELLANEOUS. Henry Armstrong, a fine lad, aged 10 years, who was employed by Mr. Rioyston Roberts at the Black Springs, the other day led a strange horse into a stable and was severely kicked. Two sons of Mr. Roberts about six years of age ran into the house after the occurrence, whereupon Mr. Roberts went immediately, but the boy never spoke, and expired in a few minutes. At an in quest held next day by Mr. J. Kelsh, J.P., the verdict returned was that Henry Arm strong died from the effect of a kick from a horse, and that no blame was attached to any one. Three or four bones of his neck were fractured, and the spinal cord was ruptured.—Register. A New Zealand correspondent of the Australasian, describing the town of Wel lington, writes:—" One of the curiosities of the city is the lamplighter and his horse. He does his businass by contract, and has trained his steed to assist. In the dusk he may be seen flying from lamp to lamp at fall gallop. Under the lamp the horse stops the rider stands on the horse's back,' strikes a match and the lamp is lit. He drops at once into the saddle,.and off he goes, again at full speed, repeating the process till the whole city is lighted up with remarkable celerity." Regarding the horse disease at Mount Pyramid, the correspondent of the Gedong Advertiser reports:—" Horses are still dying in great numbers, and the plague appears to be spreading slowly, but surely, to all the surrounding districts. For a time it was confined to Mount Hope, Durham Ox, and the Terricks; but now it has extended as far as Rowan's waterholes and the Serpen tine,and whereitwillstoptimealonewilltell. It is a fact worthy of note that in different districts they show different symptoms, but in nine cases out of ten the result is the same—death." A body, with the throat cut from ear to ear, has been found tied to a gate at the Police Station at Romsey, Victoria. The police are making inquiries. A sea-serpent story that is a little ahead of the ordinary run of such yarns comes from Portland. Captain Oliver, of the Path schooner Winslow Morse, relates that Thursday midnight, when off Cape Eliza beth, about 19 miles south-east, while be was at the wheel and another man stood on deck, a great snake rose out of the water, about four feet above the rail, and the body appeared about as large round as a hogshead. The man on deck picked up a long pole with a pike-head on the end, lying near by, and thrust it into the monster's body. The serpent immediately dived and came up on the other side of the vessel, a little distance off, and glided away, making but a slight ripple on the water. It appeared about 120 feet long. The captain exhibits the pike covered with the blood and sinews of the monster—or some other animal. The American Republican has the follow ing on big farms in California:—" Lancaster county farmers, especially those who put ! in ten acres of corn, harvest twenty acres of grain, and cut thirty acres of grass, think perhaps they are doing big things, but where _ are they when contrasted with the following:—D. W. Fields, who went to California for his health three years ago, has partly secured his object. He settled at Anaheim, Los Angeloa county. Last ; season he harvested fifty acres of rye, forty i of barley, and about thirty acres of com. ; Last spring he planted 800 English walnuts, ! 300 olives, 160 almonds, and 144 old orange | trees. He has also set out 20,000 grape cuttings and has 1,000 lemon and lime trees \ now in the nursery. His brother is engaged on a farm of 50,000 acres, on which 18,000 sheep and 2,000 cattle and horses are kept. It is not much of a farm for California either." On Tuesday morning May 14, about half past six o'clock a severe shock of earthquake occurred at Nagasaki, Japan, and about an hour later another shock, but much lighter nd shorter in duration. , The Advertiser s Port Wakefield corres pondent writing on July 28 says:—" Con siderable surprise was caused here by the action of the Magistrate, who did not con sider an inquest necessary on the body found recently on the Dublin beach. The.finding of a headless human body is not of such common occurrence as to be taken no notice of. About nine months since a man was lost in the same locality, and the trooper from here was out searching without success. I think an inquest, if it had not led to identi fication or pointed to the cause of death, would have given desirable publicity." A. guard of the Lambton train, named Thomas Caston (says the Newcastle Pilot), had an extraordinary escape from being killed on Friday. He was running with the train while uncoupling a rope which, for shunting, attached the engine to thefii-st waggon, when he tripped and fell behind the engine, be tween the " fore-foot." Seeing that if he moved he must inevitably be run over by the coal-trucks, which were close to him, he had presence of mind to remain perfectly quiet between the rails, and he there lay while fourteen waggons passed over without hurt ing him. The Y. P. Advertiser's Port Wakefield correspondent writes in reference to the loss of the cutter Nimrod:—" It is much to be; feared that her owner has shared her fate. He, was, I believe, a steadj', careful man; but rather risky in sailing the craft himself,! without any assistance. He left here on Saturday afternoon last, wheat-laden for 1 Darling and Son, and was seen by the master j of the Buck some few miles from Port' Gawler on Monday afternoon, apparently' going on all right. By this sad disaster a helpless family of five children will be left orphans, the mother having died about six months ago." ! During a spiritualistic seance recently held in Paris the spirit of Cartouche, the celebrated medium was evoked, and showed its presence by rappings, &c.;, all light being religiously excluded. When the gas was re-lit most of the company found that they had been relieved of their watches or purses, the medium's assistant having made a per quistion while all were intent on listening to the ghost. The medium himself, who is said to be an American, has been arrested. The Duchess of Edinburgh is wonderfully accomplished and versatile as a linguist. At a reception at the Court of the Czar some lime ago she addressed every foreign Minis ter save the Turkish and one other in his | own language, sustaining the burden of the conversation for over on hour and a half. Mr. Jennings, the undertaker, of Queen street, Melbourne, is one of the claimants for the great Jennings1 estate in England of £7,000,000, and is said to have proved his descent. The claimants intend to combine amicably and have the estate put into chancerv. The Kapunda Herald says:—On Saturday, the 24th inst., a little boy, son of Mr. A. McKenzie, of Giles's Corner, was acci dentally drowned in-a w&terliole; in a creek. The poor little fellow, about two years of age was playing about the house, when he was missed, and on search being made was found head downwards in the water, about twelve or eighteen inches in depth. He was supposed to have been not more than five minutes in the water, but all means to restore animation were unavailing. The following is an extract from a letter written from Singapore, March 21st., 1875, by a married lady, to her parents in Pen zance :—" We dined the other evening at Mr. W—'s, with Mr. Orton, a brother to the Claimant. He is so like- him, the same heavy looking head. If'I had believed in him until then, I should -have done so no longer. They are almost exactly alike, but this one is not stout. He would have come to the trial, but they would not give him sufficient money to make it pay him to come. He is captain of a vessel." The minister's man at Linthrathen seldom indulged in the complimentary vein. On one occasion, however, he handsomely ac knowledged a compliment by returning another. The minister had got married, and was presented with a carriage, for which John was appointed to provide a horse. Driving out with his wife, the min [ ister said to John when starling, " You've got us a capital horse." tc Weel sir," said John, " it's just aboot as difficult to choose a gude minister's wife, we've been gey an' lucky wi' baith." A very large tiger cat was killed at [ Lavington. in the Albury District, by a retriever dog. The animal had invaded the j fowl house, and was in the act of making off with a fat hen, when it was tackled by the dog, and after a hard fight of close upon an hour was lolled. The Sydney Evening News reports a ease in whicb a young lady was saved from the attack of a man named William Pooley, who assaulted her with intent, by a New foundland dog, which flew at the ruffian aud bit him severely. The man was after wards arrested by the police, and committed for trial. A case of "premature interment" has been narrowly prevented at Wilna. A Jewish young woman laid out as a corpse! revived, sat up, and spoke. Ten minutes! after she died, and was buried within a few hours. The operation of grafting in the vegetable ■ kingdom is weU known; living fragments are attached to a perfect tree. But the grafted portion never becomes an integral part of thiat to which it has been transported; it rather developes as a parasite, like the mistletoe on the oak, and remains physio logically distinct. This, however, is not the case with animals; when a piece taken from another part of the same individual, or from j a different subject, is grafted, it becomes a I perfect portion, and gives the same life. I The cells of the choroid coat of the eye may be transplanted, and preserve their vitality in [ their new home. The transfusion of blood | is nothing but the introduction of red globules borrowed from one organism and transferred to another. This succeeds even if the blood passes into an individual of quite a different class, as for instance, from aj mammal into the vessels of a frog. The j globules will be found after some time living,j and easily recognisable as those of a superior animal." The spurs of one cock having been grafted into a comb of another, and teeth of mammals have also been transplanted.— i Chambers's Journal. ! An interesting but melancholy discovery ' was made recently at the foot of Mont Blanc. A tylock of ice, separated from the mass of the mountain by the thaw, rolled! down into the valley. Upon closer in-1 spection it was found to contain enclosed the remains of the American, John Black ford, who about three years since attempted an ascent, and has never since been heard of. He evidently met with his death on that occasion, snd lias since lain in his cold crystalline coffin, which preserved his body and clothing admirably. When found his features were unchanged, and he migh1» have breathed his last only half an hour before. Host Bradley, of tlie Gawler Arms, is about to start a desirable reform in regard to the above. He has given notice that in future his hotel will be closed at 10 p.m. each night, except Saturday, and will not be opened at all on Sunday, We should be glad to see all the hotel keepers in the town acting in a similar manner.—Bunyip. The Wagga Wagga Express of July 14 says:—200 head of horses, belonging to Mr. Davis, passed through Yass from Manaro for Adelaide on Monday. This is from the last Melbourne letter in the Hamilton Spectator—" A young lady is creating rather a sensation here at present i —' astonishing the Browns1 in the Collins street block daily. She is tall, handsome, j and good looking, and she is, moreover, the, daughter of a1 squire of high degree,' who lately settled in the Western district. This young lady appears to court notoriety by passing as one of the other sex, and when I j saw her drive into town the other day, accompanied by an elderly female companion in a handsome carriage with a coachman in liveiy, I thought I was looking at a very smart, good-looking young^ fellow. Her hair was cut short, in boyish style. She wore jauntily a Common, black wide-awake, her collar was made to stand up high, and her necktie was decidedly of the male sort. Her jacket of dark velvet was made to re semble as nearly as possible a youth's jacket. She carried a cane, and when I saw her a few minutes afterwards walking down Collins street with her Mend, she certainly was the attraction of all eyes. Why this eccentricity, thought I! I found it was the result of a wager that she would not appear in that dress in Collins street every day for three months. I suppose it must have been a jealous female friend; for I don't think a genuine male admirer would have encouraged the carrying out of such a whim. Notoriety is everything, and this daily peregrination in Collins street is bringing it about for this pretty, and I believe, amiable young girl."|§ A divorce case is set down for hearing in the Brisbane Supreme Court, in October next, which will probably afford no small amount of scandal in the north. The parties to suit are a squatter, formely a large store keeper on the Barcoo, and his wife, against whom he petitions, on the grounds of adul tery, and the co-respondent, who is a Crown [ Land Commissioner. The petitioner claims i £3,000 .damages from the co-respondent in the citation served upon him. A strange coincidence in connection with this case is that the petitioner's sister has just obtained ! a divorce from her husband in the Divorce Court of New South Wales. j Under any circumstances it cannot be I very pleasant for a man to be taken for a bird, especially by a sportsman, as the con sequences are likely to be disastrous, as is proved by the following story related in the Nagasaki Shitnbun :—" Inamra, a native of Nagaski Ken, Japan, whilst returning from a journey, to Nagasaki, saw a large assemblage of people by the road side, between Takeo and Ureshino, Saga Ken. On enquiring what was the cause of so many people being gathered together, received the following intelligence. A native of the neighborhood whilst on the moor shooting pheasants, saw something moving in the foliage, a short distance from him, and cried out (as is the custom of Japanese huntsmen), 'If any person is there go away quick.' Not re ceiving an answer he took aim and fired and to his great surprise found it was not a pheasant he had killed but a man." About four o'clock on the afternoon of May 23, people passing the Baptist Church, corner of Warren Avenue auf'West Canton street, Boston, were startled by loud and piercing screams, which proceeded from the belfry of the church. Some gentlemen who were passing rushed into the church and up to the door leading into the bell tower, Finding the door locked they forced it open and discovered, in the belfry, a little girl about three or four years of age, lying upon the floor, her face and head covered with blood from two wounds on the head, from one of which the brains were oozing. A cricket-bat covered with blood near, making it evident that the child had been assailed in a room below and carried up the ladder and the trap door shut. The child was carried to a neighboring house and a doctor summoned, but no hopes were entertained of her recovery. The circumstances point strongly towards Thos. W. Piper,* the sex ton of the church, who was the only one in the building at the time, and he was promptly arrested. The child's name is Mabel Young, and is the daughter of a wealthy widow, and grand-daughter of Mr. Hobbs, of the firm Hobbs, H»pe and Co. It is supposed that after Sunday-school was dis missed the sexton dragged the child into the room under the belfry into the bell-tower, where he committed the bloody deed. No probable motive is as yet assigned with any degree of certainty. [ An Australian is now performing in Mel bourne feats similar to those of the cele [brated Blondin. He walks the tight-rope I blindfolded, travels on it in a bicycle, and performs a number of feats with a chair. Cooktown is said to be the finest Chinese diggings ever opened in Australia. It is estimated that there are at present about | 9,000 Chinamen there, and some 4,000 more are known to be en route. The great majority are of course diggers, but others keep hotels, billiard-rooms, restaurants, own pack horses, are large storekeepers, and act as cooks, servants, and packers. Some are amassing wealth rapidly. They, are well adapted to the climate, which is said to be very trying to Europeans. From April to November whilst the south-east monsoons are blowing, the weather is tolerably cool, but for tbe rest of the year the place be comes a furnace, and in December rain com mences and continues without ceasing for about eight weeks, with the thermometer ranging from 110 to 120 in the shade, The following extraordinary story is told by the Ararat and Pleasant Creek Advertiser: —"It is stated that three or four Chinamen came to a gate at one of the railway crossings j on the Ballarat side of Beaufort, and by threats of violence compelled a woman, who was in charge of the gate, to hoist the danger ! signal, thus causing the train to pull up, the Chinamen being desirous of getting in there and proceeding on their journey to Ararat, j The woman told the guard the circumstances, and he at first refused to take them ;■ but on ' her representing that she was in fear of her life, he permitted the Asiatics to get into the train and travel as far as Beaufort; when there the station master was informed of the circumstance, and he, after obtaining one of the police to see them, so that, if necessary, j be could identify them, gave them tickets as far as Ararat. When the men arrived here they left for their destination, wherever that may be, without any interference. If the story be true, the Beaufort stationmaster un doubtedly made a great mistake in not giving the Chinese into the custody of the police." It is good ground for divorce in. St. Louis if a wife finds one hundred and thirteen love letters iu her husband's pocket. 