SOPENING OF ST. SAVIOUR'S SOtOOLROOM AND ANNUAL MEETING OF THE G.OULBURN C0URoH SOIETY. 11 having been resolved to inaugurato tho oponing of the neow Churoh of Eoglanud sohoolroom in Bourko atroot by a toa-mooting, with a viow to augmont the funds oeoessary to moot the liabilities oonso. quont upon its erection and completion, it was also considered advisablo that the annual moot ing of the Goulburn Church Society should be hold at the same timo. In pursuaoonco of these objoote, a Stea-mooting was hold in the now schoolroom on Thursday ovening. The room had boon very tasto. fully docorated with wruuthi of ovoyreoos aoud flow ere and with small flags, and was well linhted by chandoliers. In tbohe body of the room eloeven tables running nearly the whole breadth nod one at its north end running at right anglos had been ar ranged, and were plentifully supplied by Mrs. Mor ton and Miss Jones, Measdames Zouch and Twynam, the Misses Maybury, Mrs. Blunt; a subscription tiblo got up by Mrn. Gregory; Mrs. Gregory, IMrs. lunt, Meodames Bowerby and Puddicombo, Mrs. Horn, Miss Teeco, Mesdames Finlay and Phillips, and Mr. Conolly. Tbo doors were opened before the advertised hour of seven, and by that time the tables wore all well filled; and spite of the size of tho room and number of tables, there was not eumiciont sp:co to acommo dats all at once; bht as each was satisted room was mnado for others. There could not have beeoon less than five hundred persons present. When the tables wore well furnished with guests, the Venerable tbhe Arbchdeacon called upon those present to sing the overso beginning, "i Bo present at our table, Lord," Mr. Deans accompanying on the lately purchased oran now first used in Goulburn; and during the time the tea was being partlkeon of continued to play at intlervals, adding thereby greatly to the on joyment of the visitors. A view from the gallery overlooking the lergo room below, crowded with peo plo of both sexes, and decorated with litd flages, wreaths, and various lights, was very pleasing, and showed the extent of the room more effectively than when soon from below. After tea was concluded, the tablos were removed and the forms orrunged fronting a low dais at the north end of the room, on which the ohairman and the various speakers took their places. The Very oev. the Dean of Goulburn took his seit as chairman, being greeted on his entrance with hearty and prolonged applause. After silenoco was prooured, he opened the business of the mooting by calling upon those present to join in singing a hymn, copies of which had been distributed amongst the audience. The organ then commenced the tune of St. Michael, to which was sung the hymn enltitled Gratitude, commencing "O Saviour! Lord and ing." This baving beena concluded, prayers were offered by the Rev. W. May, incumbent of North Goulburn, after which one of the honorary secre taries, Mr. 0. S. Alexander, road the report of the society; and in the absoenco of Mr. Anderson, the treasurer, the balanco-shcot also, as follows: Tu ECLcrnmn ASaL ItPO cP. or P os Cournc SOCIEPTe rDa sue DOcErsC oru OnOLeSO. The year 0575 htas b~en n year of prtlisslar Folieituleo to tle ommutte of0 tle Clureh Socnlety. The prOednt oft tIle society hasl een absetrfm tile colony: and hle dd eprivet of his Lordhip'-s wise sdie and aetive Ilstp. espeinly in collecting or tile sociesty drins his usuaonl nnual tour, it lss been tile sire and s lrt of sutr comSltstce that the funds of the ,ocitrt should not suir any serious diminution. Tsat thsy ould reach the nmoonto reo.e during 0073 could s0rcely, ruder the most firorable circumetances, be antlcipated, seeine lhat the income of the so iety dssrine that year sas £.217 bliher than iu any pretious y? a; and that, in the sbsonce of tr'. Thoaws, thouental boh of e ork from friends in Englund (ahich last year prodasced nearly £300) wouldnot b sent. It msb ho;esl, howeser, as expressed be seersal speaLers nt the Inst annual mwetis,. thatu epecial efort to augment thl f1nds -f the soc ety eald be smade during the absenseeo tile tilhop r hut sereral distrelts In the diocese, so far from rlfillicng this esvtalon, have fallen o0 greatly in their contributions to b neral n and, thereby more than neoutraisng the efforts of0 othe.ss. Sotwithstandisn this, your eommwttee ors thvoul'l to be ble to state that fn-s same in at the closIo of the year whieh ,naalrd them to pry all the as?ul quarteriy cheques in aid of hestipends of the clergy,and most on the oerdue grants for .stl tint rarpoTses. "hs total ieows ob the ?-ety for 107t has beon £7200 l6s. d, and a wweso m .si c the treasetr's rtatemet sith that urIast year wi'l stow the rollowins reults :--Gen el fund: 00;3 £037 Is. 4d. ; 074, £1,701 0s0 4d.; decrease £723 1ts. Otipend rend': 1075, L51t l.. 100.: 1074. £G277 Is. Cd.; n osass., Le0o as. 7d Specil fand: 1073, £331 10s.; 1874, 0315 lSh. Sd ; deerses., £t1 13s. 4d. thile honorer the income of the soristy for 1S17 Is £575 t0i 01 les than that of 1873, it is enouraeging to notice that it is tll £157 Os. mwoe thin the sum realisel in sny year preciess to that date. This tarouruble aspect of affirs is In some measure due to hc partial aesrrying ol of a sugaestion of the tier. A 3. osaret ofQuesrasbosn, that freee.nil offerings to Gos should he tnaited from ererytfamily In the diocese on tile morninsg of Chrstmlw-day. The sam reeelved In response to this invlta lion before the end of the year sees £07 13s. 04d., £70 s. 4d. hasina been reelceed sineo, making a total of £101 3s. Tho committee hare sreat plsasure in reporting that since she closlnt of the year's aceounts the sum of one hundred ouineas has been received trom the society's oeer-constant tlind,t 3rs. Thomns, os thn re'ult of a sale of fancy goods sostributed by hind friends in Ensland, held st Leamington tn Sonember last; and also a dontlion of r£2 from one of yoer society's former patrons, the 1i0t Hann. the Earl of B0l more. Tsile matesel proress of the church daring the year has been srte eneouragios. The new cathedral Is stesdily pro crsssing, schurchses have been completed at eirkdulo, 0tolioglo, Wombat, oat Ceurrawng, and others sre In conrse of ereetlin at Alhury (whtere a nts edlileo is reslulred) ssd st Tumbs rumbs. Parsonec-hlouses hase tbeen completep d at n inds no d Dtenlliqlsin, and sioslar buildings commencede at Wentworth ansd Guninsg. A nes sshoolroom has been bsilt in eoaoec tlion with St. Saiaour'e, Ootltaurn, a residence puarhasrd for the eeholssneter at St. Clsment'e, Yass, and a schoollhouse -nd meeting-room (wooden) completed at e'sntsorth. The crusts made by the society to euch of these buildiugs as they hase sided are as follows :--Klrkdnlo church, £70; liolonlo ditto, £40; Weombst ditto, £50; Cstrmrrwne ditto, £25 ; Abury ditto, £1ao; siuds parsonage, £20; Denlliquin ditto, .10e; St. Oaniour's, Gouiburn, school, £103; Yeas ditto, £30. Important changes Istce taehu place in the rsans of the elergy. For the seeond time since lesformation of the diocese tile numsbtr of ile clergy has bee lessenesd by dyeth. The lts. SS.ts Irpur of Yass, stoer t long and wearisome illness iroem echls very feo esen of his moet istimste friend weere naswre thlat hesufrLed) ws called to his reet on the 2nd Oslo ber. In him the ch.urch hIes lost one ?hose talents end elsosuenses wl 10008 be ssissed in her pulpits snd os her plat The Ree. IT. T. Earl has remoned into the diocese of Sjdnay, the lnese J. T. Eoans end J. II. Williaess hsrd gone to Eng lnnd, and tile fee. T. ruiltt has been lneapaeitsted from lsis usutl actlve iork by very seriost injuries recdites throusgh the ovcrturnlng ofslls buSgy. On tile other hand tlhere hae been added to tse staff of weorsers tIhe Rlc. T. It. Lhstg (wsboise en penses at eIoors Coflegs wree p;sarly defrssyed Ipy tle soiotv, and ,hlso, In the absence oi tile tlieisop of 'oslburn, mis ordained tby tiss leMeropolitan), the lRev. A. 0. Iolt frons Ilrilght in Vietorin, und .Messrs. oa'..enslngs and J. Miilier liensied lay readers. ThIs ti.rey..eoephi Classssott has been re moved fross tsurrumbnrrah to Aroiusn.tlso liee. l.It. IIt. ssrrslnton roes Ilraualnd to Yass, oani tile Rlic. Il. E . 01,0m tOul frtn sundegsl to tliar, to wshichl dlitrit tile Chlsrsh Soclety Isiave ssds 5i grant of £60 pr easnum iu aid of tile In oumtbentt'e stipend. In reclessng thle whsolo proeeedings of thle past twelve moethi, your co mnsitte feel tlsnt thley hase no cuse for tile dlseoorasement thistcht at tll esrlier period they feared. They deire to thauk n oh for Iflst help in the past, nnd trust that in the coming year his lIsly Spirit may areuso an inoreasieg liberality towsadls the or0 or hie Sos our Scaiour. GenostAL Cats, AccOe.sr ro0t 1ar ,?.ssURn so 31us DeeU Doa, 1aO7d. I--D ioeesoa iesserel Fissd.--Issceele. £ s. d. T0 baloace let Jonunrp,ala-7 ....,,.,, 518 5 8 a, suberlptlsssndcslestlone...... 02300 I7 , Christmas o elrioge (sared) ..... fis a - \ - ,, clleetlones ...2..................... 203 851 \--1301 18 4 S £1828 0 * I--Dhecsssn fleatie FsasL--.?spsldilarle. ' ' , "'£&,d,, Le$.d. my grants in aid of stipends of ta , . tcergymen ........ .......-....-.31 5 0 ' , al t of stipendpoflleonsed - . readers.......................-;- e5 0 c, grant to BOleouald churchb.- 50 0 05 ,dits iles ditto ......t.... ee 20 s 0':0: ''' ,, ditto eguiong ditto t......... ea - 25 a 0" 0-: : . ditto Thlurguonaohureh.. b -. ..25 0- 0 8 5 c, grast to Denlilquln parsonages.. 100' 0 " 0 ,' 150 " , grant to notrsya parsonasoe, aecsonsmodty .................. m0'0 0 .grats towerde traselling ex- • ". peanes of aensey-ppolnat ,d :.:r.. olergymeen .......... - - 85 0" ". 55 ,, grant for student at atoor Cole legm ....... .;.. ..... ......,, 10O·'Oh "=..i':'? , salaryofseoretnry ...........-:t...... 10 5 0 " i:1"; ,, rent of committeesroom and meatsew • chlanto' hell for publie meet tug ....... ............ 5 ·0:I.?:?' ,psaments ftr prtntlng annaal :· "" .* repeat, &,? east .fsr advrec t~isg ....... ......... 0i8? ?:,:.. . payments forstationery and post ages .................................,.., 14: O 0 :·l:."?' ". payments for phbtographs of churches & other tnontdetals 0 0 .." . payment for postage 0f Church ,, re-paymant of money remstted In crrorfm Coromwdistrict ;.. 5: O 5 , payment for lstter ooepyiprclg ss,-pre.e , e ,?: ?', . &e.;, for the Arehdsaoon; of" ' '" Weega Wagga....... W ...c...... 6" t:10:0:. " " bank interest on orerdraft,, sott " t0t' · B 6 : tedl--1~1 O 57, ,balance .................M. C............, 81 7 2 \- . " r H :@ & ' , £1828 7 f ,l.-- Pearhia s8t?ijrtu FtnsL .Inomne, To balnaos January st1,1814 -a.... s..,, so.,.,?, 88 18 4 ,, nssoolations, ..,..s.. ....a...s.,,.....- -.. - 57- 5 II. --Par?9?#? 8tlillllE·Lt;;tt? a i?ralturt. B stlpoudslof clrgy. ................................. 562 1 56 I ba Sianos,,.,y., . r........ . .,. o,.,,d t 298 o Ly,- etlpeado-rSegy- - --I o I03fe 10 9 Toobalanee, lstJanuary, 1874.-.... 7 00 . donation from the Dlshop of foulbarn for student at Mus?ooroCulee--go - 00 0 , ,, donation from the Dlshop of (oulbura for CueelIojadra ohuroh ;n........... .......... 25 0 o ,, proeeds of sale oflind for EIntao parsonage .........- 1 .......... 1'/ 9'0 ,, contributions from Quoasbeya , end Cooma for Slelanesi " mission ................... ......, 0. 7 . a ontributions from Coomafor the Society for t'romotlng Chrts tiaa Knowledge" ........,......... 15 ? . ? '"i:'. . Y bn.droheoacon Puddlcombo for clergyman, teorth Goulburn -25 0, ". , children ef St. Sevlourte Sunday.';.,"" ,.,. school for now ashoouroom , 12 \- 8'14 8e £811 l.-Spelrcalt Pad..-Hxepeoditure. By paymet for stad ot at oore Collegeo ............... ............ 0 0 .. paym....r f uirtutloaadaaehuarh 20 O0 o ,, payment for ttlnda prsonatgo ... 175 9 0 ,,poymetntooS.P.l.lL.?ndo ... 15 2 2.: ,, poyomnt to roy. W. Lock, North Goulburn .. 1210 Tobaiaace, ,tIi '' 000.7 9 ,, total recelptsas above, Ir-2.. .-301 18" 4" By total dia ' 2 s05 ,, : b lan e '''' ' ?' '': : " " ' .7522 18 6 , II72015. 3 £82004&2 . ?, .?ni .:?.:,-./. IS -.. 1 -;-=? ?5 s Thea rertar ? the following names to be proposed as oficere and committee for the present year:--Patron, his Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson K.0.S.IM.G-. president, the Right Rev. the Lord Bishtop of 0oulburn; vice-presidents, J. Booh2r Esq., J.P., George smpbell Esq.; committee, Messra. J. Af. Antill, J.P., J. J. Allman, P.M., J. J. Eayes, J P., A. 31. Betts, F. Horn, J.P., A. Mac kollar, J.P., A. S. Chisholm, J.P., C. E. Nowcombe, J.P., Hon. Jas. Ohihholn, W. Conolly, J.P., A. F. Gibson, J.P., E. Twynam, Theo. Kirko, and G. Oregory, and all subscribing clergymen licensed in the district; treasurer, A. Anderson Esq.; hen. secretaries, the Very Rev. the Dean of Goulborn, the Venerable Archdeacon Puddicombe, F. R. L. Rossi Esq., J.P., C. S. Alexander Esq., J.P.; secretary and collector, AIr. W. H. Maybury. The Very Rev. the Dan said in the present state of his holdth and spirits he was unable to say much. Though large in size he never felt so small es he did then in filling the position which had been so ably filled before by that mostestimable prnlate, their president and Bishop, who alwayns spoke to them such words of kindAness, wisdom, and comfort. He would only congratulate theom upon tohe statement they had just heard. Ha lind always feared that when the BisPhop left, the society would fall away; but as it was, it had gone on well. He must also congratulate them upon having the room in which they woere assembled. It was an ornatment to the city and would long continuore such; also upon there being so many present, which augured well for the future of the church and the diocese. (Applause.) He must also thank them for the kind manner in which they had received him on his entrance. He had been thirty-eight years in Goulburn, and felt great happiness in being with them that night, though he could not be with them many years longer. He know tohe Ooulburn people well, and nothing could exceed their liberality in years past, and he felt assured that the same spirit of love and generosity would continue amongst them. The roo. chairman sat down in the midst of continued ap plause. The Venerable the Archdeacon moved the first royeolution- Thnt thoe report no , red be adopte rd printed for circulth tion unter the direction oa the committee, (nAp th pa th gentle men rrhoso nnmes have been road. be the offcers audlcommlttev for the present year. They had met for the first time in their new school room, the finest room in ooulburn; and he believed it would continue to be such until the now cathedrtl was erected. This was a cause of much gratitude to God and congratulation to themselves. The first question asked would be, what has this magnifiyent building cost, and how muoch have you raised to wards the cost ? or in other words, how much have we still to pay ? He would answer the quostion. The total cost of the building, architect's commis sion and travelling exponses, erection of a temporary class-room, &o.;, would be about £2235. To meet this te103 17s. 7d. had been collected, and £1200 borrowed. This £1200 had still to be re-paid. In addition to the cost of the building, the organ and gallery, with the soating and other fixtures, would cost aboutw £20. It might be said thorofore that £1450 had still to be collected to liquidate the whole debt. He nwas most anxious that this should be done before the return of the Bishop, as it wtould be most hoearing to his Lordship's heart to find a clear field for the carrying out of tbo cathedral. He (the Archdeacon) had often been asked- what is this building, a school, ohurch, or pro-cathedral? He replied without anoy besitation, sochoolroom most omphatiwally and plainly a sohoolroom. The main desire in erecting that building was to provide suit ablo accommodation for their day-school, tho ex oellent taehor of which, aIr. Stroneo, with his ablmo assistant Miss Hollis, and now a ish Wells, had for a long time been put to the graoutest and most unfair disad.Tntago in having to carry out their duties in such an incommodious and dilapidated building as that on the hill above them. For their Sunday school also they nooeeded a room, having at present to rent the hall of the mechanics' institute for the pur pose. The schoolroom would also be a room for any and overy gathering connected with the hoburob, either parohobial or diocesan, which would not better be held in the cathedral, such for instance as anni versary meetings, concerts, lectures, synod meetings, and (should such be held at any time, as at the time of the Blishop's returo) public dinners or luncheons. One of the first purposes for which the now room would be needed would be for that of public woraship when the old church was pulled down,and provision had been made accordingly. Still it was a schoolroom, and such it would remain. But to come to the resolution. It appoered to him that on the occasion of opening a room to be used for so many parochial and diocesan purposes, no mooting more appropriate could possibly be held in it than the anoual meeting of their Diocesan Church Society. The Church Society embraced in its opora tiones all the churohes, sobool-houses, parsonages, and. parishes in the diocese. It was the great wheel of the church machinery, and they must rkeep it going or all would come to a stand-still. He would not ay mory concerning the sooiety on that occusion. He thanked God for the sucess which had attendea its operations during the past year, and had much pleasure in moving the resolution. Mvr. A. M. Botts in seconding the resolution, said the Venerable the Archdeacon had confined his roe marke in a great measure to the matter of the sobool room, and he would most willingly do the same, but thought it was not proper for both proposer aud seconder tgo go in for the same matter. It was well so too, because people could not fully understand throughout a report upon merely hearing it read once, and it required another reading and carefully looking into, and this he hoped it would recoivo at their hands at home. There wore three matters touched upon in the report which he would refer to more particularly-the funds, the clergy, and thie buildings. First as to the funds. It miight strilha any one at first that the fact of the total income of the seociety on the.general fund being £600 loss than ia 1873 was discouraging; but it was not altogether esoibecauso 1873 was a year of almost unez tmpled prosperity throughout the colony, and tohe society had then received £2217 more than in any previous year. The Bishop in a lengthened tour which he made throughout the diocese collected and preached on behalf of the society, and £300 had bmon added to the funds of the sooioty by the sale of faincy woik sent out from friends in England. Last year the prosperity of the colony was soarcoly so great; there was no Bishop's tour, and Mrs. Thomas being absent, there was no £300 from that source. How over, leaving out the year 1873, they had still £1539 oin excess of any previous year; so that there was no occasio for discournoagemernt, but quite the contrary. In the past year the society had assisted to complete four churches. Trwo more wore in course of erection, two parsonages rhad bhoon compluted, and two others commended. One schoolmaster's residence had boon coeiplated, and two schoolrooms, that in which they more oassombled being one. So that on the whole there was abundant room for congratulation at the success which bad attended the operations of the society. As to the present room, which had been stated to be the best in Goulburo, while giving all due credit to the committee, still they must not forgot that forits erection they were mainly indebted to the ozertions of the archdencon. He was Stoo modest to say so himself; but they all know, and no one could forgot, the way in which he had ovhr come diflloulties in his path and laboured for its acompletion. They now saw the result in a building which as a church would be a credit to them and which aes a school-room was perhaps not surpassed out of Sydney. As to theo clergy, matters wore not th encouraging as they might be. a or the second time abenco the erection of the diocese they had to rcegret the death of one of the clergy, distinguished by his learning nod his talents; two had gone to England; and a third had removed to another diocese. They had thereby lost four ministers; but two had boon adddt to their number, so that 187r closed with two less than in 1873, while the population we increasing. This was not satisfactory by any means. Ho was isot pleased when clergymen ordained in England came out here and alter remaining a short time returned home again; but he was still more dis satisfied when clergymen ordained here stayed only a month or two nod then left for England or else where, after gaining a certain status hero. He was not speaking against any individual, nod in tbohe case that bad occurred it weeas quite possiblo each hod satisfactory reasons; but he set his face against the practico. The report gave a careful retrospect of what had been done, but that was not its only object. It should try to induce them not merely to fold their acrms and look backo, but the last part asked them to, look forward and see what moro could be dons during the presrnt year. tln would ventura to affirm that the prosperity of the society depended upon the exertions of the clergy in the various parts of the dioceseo. The clergy might perhaps not inappro priately lecture the laity upon their want of energy, and he shaould be disposed to submit, and no knowledge that all had not been done that might have heen; and he did not wish to find fault with the clergy. Still if any remarkls made at this moot ing should stir up the hbearts of some of tile clergy in the diocese to more forcibly and persistently orgo the claims of the society upon the laity some good might be ejteoted. If all the clergy acted with the same amount of enlory as the Rev. Mr. Soares at Quean boyan, the income of thebo society would be doubled. It was true in the country districts clergymen had much to do with respoct to pasoneages, schools, &o.;, as well as their own stipends; but still by holding meetings, and in various other ways, they might materially assist thab funds of tha society. Some persons had a strange feeling about all the money coming to Goulburn, not only laymon but even some of the clergy also. Ho had heard one clergyman remark after reaceiving a letter from the secretary of the society, pitching into him (as he said) for not sending money to the society- that he was not going to send money to Goulburn to be made duoaks and drakes of. This charge was not only not true, bat it was most unkind. The committeo did not care if the labours to which they devoted their time and their consideration were conducted at Wagga Wagga, Albury, or olsewhere. It was forgotten that the Goulburn people not only gave up their time to the work of the society but that they also subscribed largely, for last year the total income of the general fund was £1305, out of which £492 was subscribed in Goulburn, leaving only £813 to be eubsocribed throughout the remainder of the diocos--Goulburn subscribing more than one-third of the whole income. (Hear, boear.) It had been said, "O, in Goulburn your Dean is provided for and also your clergymen; you have your school and your church already, &o.;" Whatever this might have been in tohe post it was not true now. The school in which they were was evidence to the contrary-the cathedral being orocted hard-by was evidence of the contrary. The stipand of the archdeacon bad to be provided.for, and he was happy to say there was no difficulty in doing so (applause). The school had been subscribed for almost wholly in Goulburo. He would not detain them any longer, and would conclude by seconding with great pleasure the adoption of the report. (Continued applause.) The motion wase then put, and carried unani mously. The Rev. E. Taylor moved the second resolution: Ihot this meeting regrets there should be sech a decreese in the general fund. nnd hopoe thOt during the present year ,renter oeertions wilt he made hy the members of the chsurcht throuchout the diocese to itcreaso the funds of the solcty. Ho felt sorry there sbould be any occasion to usa thu word "regret" at all in connection with the society. He must however congratulate them upon having the room in which they were met, and upon the pro gross of the now cathedral. Some friends from Mel bourno who had visited them with him had expresset groat astonishment at those undertakrings in an in land town lilke Goulburn. Hfe too must congratulate the Very Rev. the Dean, whose heart must indeed be full whoaen he viewed the meeooting of that night in that magnificent room, and thought upon his own labours in procuring the erection of the old cathedral, and of his labours in the district in years gone by, when he had to carry on the work of the church un aided throughout almost the whole extent of the present diocese. He had now attained a green old age, and like David of old, full of days and honour, might fool that "his labours had not boon in vain in the Lord." He must also congratulate the Venerable the Archdeacon on the completion of the schoolroom, which was mainly due to his untiring exertions. With regard to the funds, it must be remembered that the Church So ciety was the only medium through which clergymen could be sent throughout thebo diocese, or churchoe, parsonages, and schools built, or young men soent to HIoora Collego to be trained as clergymen. It was much to be lamented that there was a falling-off in the income of the society; and be feared that blame must attach to some of the collctors and of the clergy. He believed that those at a distance were deserving of blame, but that it did not rest with Goulburn. Another cause of the falling-off of the funds was the absonce of the Bishop; but he had well earned and much neeooded the relaxation he was now enjoying and whioh they all felt happy he should obtain. In his extended tour through Riverina he had added £400 to the funds of the Church Society, and now in his absence they felt the neeood of his great assistance. They none of them knew or properly appreciated his value, or what his patient care had done for the diocese, until they missed him. He thought that they perhaps had a right to find fault with some of the clergymen in other rerdote parts of the diocese; and without wishing at all to boast, he might say that his own district stood well and had fully done its share. Two churches had been finished in the lbst three months, and there were now seven in his district. They had the stipend of their clergy man and an additional sum for a lay reader to pro vido; and they had still beeoon able to send a large sum to the Church Society. Goulburn, too, bad not been behind, and they hlad a riht to ask the rest of tho dioneses to coma forcard similarly to help the Church Sooiety. iHe found the ladies in his district could do the most, and were the best collectore; and he hoped that throughout the diocese they would take up the work. There was no work more appro priata for thems thban collecting money for church purposes. There woure pcrtions of church work which ladies couldl not well undertake, and thore were posti tions in which they would be out of place. In Eng land ladies had beoon plcod on many of the school boards; and in one Ires. Crawebay uhad boon made president of theb board; and then it became a ques tion whether she should be addressed as the chairman or th chairwoman. (Laughter.) It was found how over that while the nct of parliament constantly spoke of the "chairman" and while the chairman was an important person with important functions, there was no mention of a chairwoman or even president at all; and thus notwithstanding MIrs. OCrawshay's sox, it was found after all that she must be called chairman. It would therefore be well to avoid anything like incongruity. They could not well appoint ladies as churchwardens; and he would say he should not like to see a woman in the pulpit, and the scriptures forbade it. Dr. Johnson, speaking of this to Boswell, said-" A woman preaching is liko a dog standing on its hind logs--it is not well done, the only surprise is that it is over done at all." Ladies boweveor should do everything that it was in their power to do with propriety. He related the fact of a very poor woman in one of the gullies in his district who wont round to a few huts and col looted for the society an amount certainly not grsat in itself, but as acceptabls as the larger amounts col lacted by those who had larger opportunities. She had done what she could; and he would say to all the ladies, " go thou and do likewise." Let them ell do their utmost in the coming year; and when their excellent Bishop returned, they could sbake him by the hand foeeling they had done their duty and that horeaftor they would reap their reward in the day when the Chiol Bishop and Head of the hoburch made up his jewels. He had great pleasure in mov ing the resolution as read by him. MIr. William Conolly, J.P., in rising to second the resolution just proposed, expressed the great pleasuro he felt in addressing the meotiug presided oerr by the Very Rav. the Dean, whom they woro so glad to have in the chair, whilst at the same time it was enough to matke him (the spanker) nervous when he lootked at such an audience and romembered that he followed clorical speakers, as well as a legal spoleakeor, so much better accustomed to address largo meetings than a oimpls layman. They had one oause for reo grot, and the fooeeling was goueral, that they should be obliged to hold an annual mooting of their Church Society without tha Iishop and Mrs. Thomas. Theo circumstances however under which they had mot ought to afford them groat encouragement, nameuly, their now school-house being finishebd. That would be something to report to the Bishop as a proof that they had not boeen idle; and he trustled before the Bishop reached Goulburn they should be able to show such progress in their now cathedral that they could point both to one and the other with a little hIonest pride and ploeasure. Thi ws something to look forward to for tlheir noext annual mooting, wheno he trusted they should be able to welcome the Bishop and Mrs. Thomas to that very place, and none would look forward to suoch an event with greater pleasure than their friend and chairman the Deon. They had a right to foolproud of their schnool-house. Was it not the handsomest school- house out of Sydney I -beautiful in its design, beautiful in its situation, beautiful in the material with which it was built. Now they had a room of their own in which they could hold their meeootings nnd haveo many social gatherings of various kinds calculated to increase a good feeooling towards nod knowledge of each other, and in which instruction could be given and receir i At one of such mooeetings they were now assoemblmi; and he felt sure they would join him in saying they had already received much pleasure combined with instruction that evening. In seconding the resolu tion proposed by the Roev. H. E. Taylor, he would call, and very earnestly, upon all the members of their church who, from whatever cause, had not aided the Church Society during the past year so well as heretofore, to make during the present year such exertion to supply their general fund with means that the committee of the ObChurch Society might be placed in a position to oextend its aid where at present it could not, and-that at their noext meet ing they could point to their balance-shoet with more than eatisfaction, and show the Bishop that the members of their church had been so liberal that the committee had been supplied with the largest amount ever placed to the credit of the general fund, whilst they had not abated one tittle of their ushal sub scriptions to the speoial funds. And now he asked permission to say a few words as to the moanse to be employed for senob a desirable result. He should be sorry to presume to instruct the many native clergy men and laymon in this diocese in any fixed plan of action; but he would take the liberty of suggesting to increase the use of a power to be found, he was happy to say, in overy part of the diocese. He would venture so far as to esy that he would not give much for any clergyman or layman who would not say "hear, hoar" when he would declare that power to them. He alluded to that power or influence, which over they might be pleased to call it, of tho ladies. Could there be a place in this diocese where that power was dormant ? He would not believe it; but there might be places found where it woe not used to the extent it sbould be. They were told by a modern poet in a poem very recently published, entitled the Threo Angels, that An little love cue snweeten life, A little hope cau brighteu life, A lrttle pationce strengthens life. ?aeso heaven-sent nngels, Love, llope and Patlenoe, share the tot of humcn strife, Ad glortey theo path of tIIe. Love, iop, ad Pntience helsaer us on our way ; Love, Iope, nold Patience form our spirits' stay; Love, IIope and t'atience watch ue dayn by day, And bid the desert bloom wi th benuty vernal tUntil the earthly faodes a the eternal. In which sex shall they find these three angels take up more particularly their abodoe Need he await their answer No! Well, lot them make use of that sox in which they found these anogels had taken up their abode, and see what these three angels would worek for them through good women. He would promisa sueh success as would give him, it God spared him or some one else, a resolution to second next year that would not commaence with " regrets." it had so happened that he had frequently beeoon associated on the platform of the Church Society with the n ov. H. E. Taylor and that they were onlled upon to take charge of the same resolution; anl aitroeugh to him (the peaoker) it was a disadeantrag to bhe placed obeside one who spoe so well, he trusted they would never have a meoting.of that society without being able to procure sucoh valuable advoeoy of their claims and bhe stirred up with that spirit anoh energy that the Roe. H. H. Taylor brought to bear on all he had to do. Without ay concert, heo was pleased to find that r. Taylor aed himsel had beeoon thinking the same thoughts, and were saggesting to those in all parts of this diocese who desired the wul faro of their church to use the means that clearly was the best to accomplish the end; but he would go a step further and suggest ladies forming committees even if they owere obliged to to have their most aecolivo member ehuirman or president. He hopeel they might be able to find amongst those good women sonme oneo who would in some degree approach to their dear friend ire Thomas. When they found such, their success would hs certain. Theose good women would brinog Love, Hope, und Patience to their aid, and the result would be that which was spoken of in the latter portion of the resolution he had the pleasure of seconding. A collection was then made, the organ playing a voluntary while the colleotors went round. The eum realieod was £5 8sli. 4d. The nev. Win. Looke moved the third rascolution hat this meetlug regareding the Church Society as one of the most Important porte of the mnchinery of the dinoees, cnlls epou every one to assist in the fortherauco of its objects. He considered this wans a most important resolution, calling as it did upon every one to assist the Church Society in Ocarrying eut its object. From Sir Her culos Robineon to the youngest child in the diocese, from the richest to the 12 poorest, from the mont re fined to the most humble, all were called upon to assist, and all were bound to help the society. There was certainly great apathy in the country dis trices, and in many parts the objects of the esociety were not fully understood, and he had even been asked whether it were not a dienonting society. He had himself done a trifle in erecting the school room-had put in one little nail somewhere by suggesting a prayer-union, which had accomplished something for the Church Sooioty, nnd also by cosk ing for gtod's blessing on the building had con tributed somelhissg towards its ereotion, and by His help they were there that night. He insisted on the wovalue of prayer, and called upon every one to pray for the Church Society. There were, however, two ghosts which stood in their way-one therot £720 de fieiency in the funds aus ompared with last year, and the other sthe £1200 or £1600. Lot them try to lay theose ghostse. They must not despise the day of small things ; but let each ask God to point out some way of helping the Church Society and tI mako use of them for that object. The solution of every difficulty was earnest prayer to God. He would nt detain them any longer; but would ore mark that their meeting that night in that roone ought to teach them not to deepair. IHo concluded by urging them one and all to s tick to the Churh of Englend, and declared that while she had such workers and such a society as the Church Society, the Church of Enogland would flourish. He hb d mucnh pleasure in moving the resolution. Icr. Theo, irks in seconding the resolution saoid the resolution which they had just heard road and advocated was one which ha thought must commend itself sto every truen member of the ChtrOh of BiEng land, inasmuch as the object of the Church Society was Ito provide moans for carrying the gospel of our osalvation to every perisebing soul of th diocese an well as to minister to tb comfort and edification of the members of the church. It aimed not to glorify itself by the increas of itse pllcos of worship and the multiplication of its ministers, but it Dimed by thoso means to reclaim the erring aond tho vicious from their evil and intempeorate habits, and to rise them in their moral and spiritual oxilsteneo, by gio ing them a learer tknowledge of that true life--the light of life which came down from heaven, to give lifo on earth, so that with the incrense of years there might also be an increase of wisdom and good noes, and finlly by the mercy of.od an entranor to thl mansion of otorona blits. Every true Chrisbtian desired to s00 a higher tone of morality in the colony than generally prevails both socially and commercially. Thin he believed was only to be broueght about by a bhtter and fuller rnow lodge of tb truths of the gospel, anod the het meane for doing this was by a well-regulated ministry whose own hearts were influenced by the Divine love of the Redeemer-the only power for good to fallen humanity. It followed thenth i that if the members of the church were really desirous oft seaing a btter state of ithings and believed in the mesns the Church Society were using to gain this object, they would give liberally to its support. Many localities were crying loudly for help, but th society was much ine the samo predicament as Handol's German horn-player, who, on the ocoasion of a rehearsal was required to play louder. Ha did so. The result was not satisfactory; it must he louder still, He did his utmost, but still the result was not to the professor's satisfaction. LIr. Handel cried "louder." The poor player replied, "its all very veil, Handel, to nay louder; but I should lilke to know vero the wind is to come from P" Now their esoiety was much inu the same case. It we quite right o cry to the society for help, and it was all very scwll in others to say "why don'tyou help us;" but the society wanted to know where the money was to come from. Yet he felly. belinved, that if every member of the chureh did his duly in the seslter of giving, thoirjoint subsocriptions byjudicious maesgesmeutand distributioun ould moat tle require monte of the diocese. He would therefore call upon every one prosoot not only to adopt the resolution now before them, but earnestly thomeolvos to earry out its spirit. The rusulution was then pat and carried unani. nouely. On the motion of Mr. J. H. Antill the Dean left the ohbair, which was taken by the Venerable the Archdeacon. MIr. J. MI. Antill then moved that the tianke of this meeting be accorded to the Dean of Goulburn for presiding on this occasion and for his conduct in the chair. His duty was easy, simple, and pleasing, ond required no argumonts from him to recommend it to their notice. tea had kInown the Dean for many years, perhaps longer than any there present, and had no necessity to say anything regarding his services to the church, for which he had always conceived the greatest affection and always shown great zeal in its advancement. The motion was carried by acclamation. The Very Rev. the Dena, who appeared much affected, briefly returned thanks, and asked for a vote of thanks to the ladies who had so kindly pro vided the tables that evening, which was carried by acclamation. After the singing of the evening hymn and the giving of the bonedilation by the Dean, the meeting separated. The new schoolroom is situated in Bourko-stroet, on a portion of the church reserve. The building waso designed and its erection superintended by Mr. E. T. Blaokett, architect of Sydney. The foundsa tion-stone was laid by the Bishop in September, 1873, and the contractors were Mr. Turner for the masonry and Mr. Lee for the woodwork. Both have performed their work in a satisfactory and creditable manner. It is in the Gothic otyle, and built of Wingello atone, coarse rubble, pitch-faced, with open roof lined with knuri pine. It is well lit from the ends and sides, the north window being furnished with glass taken from windows in tbhe pre sent cathedral. The size of the room is 80 ft. z35 ft., being 20 ft. longer and 7 ft. broader than the cathe dral, that is exclusively of the chancel. There is a gallery at the south end containing an organ recently purchased, and which as stated above was played for the first time in Gouiburn on Thursday evening by Mr. Dean, organist, who rendered several pieces in a masterly manner. A temporary screen will go across the room dividing it into two, one portion to be occupied as a schoolroom, while the other can be neused for week-day services. This screen it is in tended to remove on Sundays so as to allow of the whole being available for public worship. It is intended to commence using it as a church on Easter Sunday, and as a school directly after the Easter holidays. 