HORRIBLE EXECUTIONS. The lovers of the horrible will have their taste gratified to the utmost by a perusal of the following account given by M. Chaulnes, of a quadruple execu- tion at Bangkok:—"The culprits were four: An incendiary, sentenced to have his hand cut off; a murderer, to be ripped open; the third, a political offender, to be delivered to wild beasts; and the fourth, a blasphemer, to have his head burnt off. The executioners made full speed, grinding the axes and sabres, dressing the furnace, and pre- paring the bellows. The incendiary came first, and tendered his wrist, and his hand immediately was seen flying in the air. This mutilation did not seem to affect him much, for he went amongst the crowd to witness the suc- ceeding executions. The murderer next takes a seat on a stone, and whilst they are cutting into his abdomen he keeps biting a banana; the sufferer is then seen to gnash his teeth, and under horrible convulsions, loses the banana, and sinks to rise no more. The traitor to the king, meanwhile, is looking down a den speaking to the tigers, and recommend- ing them to sharpen their appetites. The executioners seize him, pass a rope under his arms, and lower him slowly into the horrible hole, after which they slowly draw the rope up. Then we hear, says M. Chaulnes, an eye witness, something like muffled crepitation; from time to time a human form is seen jerked up, the breaking of a skull and thigh bones is distinguishable. The wild beasts are roaring all the time, but no human cry is audible. As for the sacrilegious criminal, the executioners tied him on a plank and placed his head between two coal pans. They then work the bellows and jets of flame on the culprit's head, who continues singing what is supposed to be an im- pious or blasphemous song. His temples are blistering under the darts of fire, and yet he continues his psalmody. Meanwhile his body writhes in awful convulsions, his eyes are bleeding, his bones cracking, and he finally gives up the ghost with a fearful yell. 