VICTORIA. Melbourne, November 10. The Ministerial elections are over, and two ofthe new Ministers have been defeated. These two gentlemen were the latest selections of Sir James M'Culloch, and it was at the time considered doubtful whether they could secure their Beats if they accepted office. After reflection, however (the wish being father to the thought), they came to the conclusion that they could win, and so they ventured, but had evidently miscalculated the force and effect of cir cumstances which had lately damaged each of them somewhat with sections of his constituents. The defeat of Mr. Jones, the Commissioner for Railways, was the most decisive ; but he had made remarks .in Parliament which were interpreted offensively as to the character of the meetings among his own constituents when they assembled to support his colleague, Major Smith, the late Minister for Mines, and their passions being appealed to by the ' liberal ' candidate and his party to resent this in dignity, they resented it accordingly. Moreover, he had alienated the Catholics who supported him at the last eleotion. So also with the Solicitor- General. Although a Catholic hioiself, he does not come up to the standard required by the priesthood, and they had therefore withdrawn from him their support — in fact the order had gone forth that the Catholic vote was not to be given to Dr. Madden. In the other two contests, those for the seats occupied by Sir James M'Culloch for Warrnambool, and Mr. Ramsay (the Minister of Education) for East Bourke, the Catholic vote was given to the Opposition candi dates, but it did not prevent the Ministers winning by almost two to one. Of course the Opposition journals claim the victories of their two men at Bal larat and West Bourke as something ruinous to the Ministry — in fact, as the expression of the voice of the country ; ignoring the fact that seven out of the nine Ministers are re-elected, that in five cases it was known that no Opposition candidate would have had the ghost of a chance, and that in two cases all the efforts of the party were put forth to their utmost extent(without being able to make a respectable show. There can be no political significance in any decision of the Ballarat constituency with their passions roused to white heat. They returned the notorious C. E. Jones by larger-majorities in the face of the most damaging disclosures of his irregularities, and after he haa been expelled the Assembly. We are too often reminded of the wide gulf which separates our colonial statesmen from those of the mother country, and the recent Ministerial changes have served to repeat the disagreeable lesson. It would be impossible to imagine such a thing as Mr. Gladstone, on retiring from office, going down into Buckinghamshire, and stumping it m opposition to Mr. Disraeli ; or the latter holding meetings in Greenwich on Buch an occasion as Mr. Gladstone's Beeking re-election, if he should be called, once more to the head of the Government, on the retirement of the present Premier. The courtesies of statesmanship in England demand that the retiring Ministers shall smooth the way for their successors, that the business of the country may not- suffer ; but in our case the public business and the interests .of the country are about the last things to be considered, if we could only look at the matter from the point of view of the late Ministry. They are making the one great question of the day not the measures which are needed for the country's good, but whether Mr. Berry and his late colleagues are not entitled to tiie offices of State. Mr. Berry had the indelicacy to visit Warniambool for the pur pose »f addressing the constituency, and canvassing the electors, on behalf of Sir James M'Culloch's opponent, and others of the late Ministers have been making themselves conspicuous as partisans and advocates of candidates who were put up to oppose some of the other Ministers. Instead of smoothing the way for the new Ministers in order that the interests of the country may not be jeopardised Mr. Berry threatens openly — and reiterates the threat — that no business shall be transacted in Parliament until there is a dissolution. He is evidently still under the delusion that the country is with him, and he boasted at Warrnambool that he still considered him self the Chief Secretary by the will of the people, although wrongfully dispossessed by the Acting Governor. This boast was uttered in addressing a constituency who, on the following day, polled nearly two to one against him and his nominee. What is appropriately termed our ' Carnival week*'1 commenced on Saturday last, and we are now in the thick of it. Gn this occasion, the number of visitors from the provinces and from the neighbour ing colonies is probably greater than in any previous year. Hie ' Chip day,' which has come to be recognised as the great national holiday, offered the usual attractions ; out there were superadded to this and the other racing days tiie Intercolonial Exhibi tion, and the National Agricultural Society's grand spring show of three days, to say nothing of the evening amusements, which are just now ex tremely attractive to pleasure-seekers, including some farewell performances by Madame Ristoia, in the Town Hall. The holidays commenced under rather unfavourable auspices on Saturday, for the weather, which had been unsettled all the week, was under going a paroxysm of change with squalls of blinding dust, followed by drenching rain, as the people were leaving town for the racecourse. Numbers of gaily dresaed ladies who were in open carriages must have Buffered severely, and the squalls during the afternoon were very trying. Yesterday was quite as disagree able as for as dust was concerned at the time when the great exodus for the. racecourse was taking place, but it was tolerably^ fine afterwards. The crowd on the racecourse was probably the largest ever seen there, and there was the usual lavish display of costly toilettes and the usual heterogeneous collection of tiie fraternity who live by 'ways that are dark and tricks that are vain.' The great colonial public were, as usual, the victims of the bookmakers as well as the small fry of gamesters, for outsiders carried off the honours, and the bookmakers carried off the plunder. The squatters and graziers who are in Melbourne , were presented with a strong inducement on Monday to invest in choice stock, for advantage was taken of the season to dispose of the magni ficent herd of shorthorns and the Clydesdale horses and mares belonging to Mr. W. M'Culloch, who is leaving the colony for the benefit of his health. The prices realised were large, although the cows and heifers do not appear to have fetched so much as was expected. The buyers from the other colonies were numerous, especially those from New South Wales, and the better part of the herd will go to your colony. Regrets are expressed that so splendid a collection of animals should be dispersed. The proceeds of the sale amounted to a fraction under £20,000. The small but choice lot of draught horses were bought, with one exception, by New South Wales stock owners, four of them falling to Mr. F. Hill, of Sydney, and one to Mr. Warby, of Wagga Wagga. About twenty of the shorthorns were bought by New South Wales men. Conspicuous amongst our visitors, and notably so on tbe race days, are his Excellency Sir Hercules Robinson and his party. His four-in-hand attracts particular attention, for it is only occasionally that any of our local celebrities aspire to a turn-out of the kind. Sir Hercules* successes, as well as the turf news generally, will have become known and half forgotten before this letter reaches the eyesofyjur readers, so I need not repeat any particulars. Some of our citizens, well-known in the hunting field, lately established the game of polo here by forming a polo club. Advantage was taken of the presence of our Sydney visitors to get up a sort of intercolonial game on Monday, in which Sir Hercules Robinson, the Hon. W. Hely- Hutchinson, Mr. F. Want, and Mr. A. Sullivan took part. The Sydney party won the first goal, the 'Victorians the second, and Sydney the third. The game appears to have been well contested throughout, and afforded much pleasure to all parties. There were a few spills, but nobody was seriously hurt. The great Liberal party is in a bad way. * They are strong enough to send members to Parliament, but the men in whom they place reliance are, as a rule, so incapable that, though strong in numbers, they are too weak to govern, and so must submit to be led by somebody. As the Ballarat Star put it a day or two ago, their pet representatives are, as a rule, lions on the platform, but in Parliament they are asses. Hence the cry amongst them for a leader, and so one of the suburban branches of the Protection League took upon itself to solicit Mr. Higinbotham to come out of his shell, and lead them on through the conflict with the wealthy classes until the latter had been brought to their senses. The appeal elicited from Mr. Higinbotham a letter which is characteristic of the sterling honesty of the writer; but if there is reason or reflection amongst the miscellaneous class of soi-disant 'Liberals,' it should have some effect in curing -them of their present delusion. He thanks them for their invitation to come forward as the ' leader of the Liberal party,' proceeds in very ambiguous terms to tell them that no such thing as a ' Liberal party ' exists in this colony. He writes : — ' I have to say, then, in reply to the request of your branch meeting, that there cannot be a leader except where there are followers, and that at this moment the Liberal party does not exist as a party in Victoria. A master of politics has defined a political party to be ? a body of _ men united for promoting by their joint endeavours the national interest, upon some principle in which they are all agreed.' I am not acquainted with half-a-dozen politicians in this country of whom it could now be said, with any regard to accuracy, that they constituted a ' party ' within this the only natural and rational definition of the term. There are not a few public meii in Victoria who desire to promote the national interest, but they are not united. There are others who are united, but they aim at promoting interests quite different from, and often hostile to, national interests. A political party must exiSt before it can have a leader, and a party which shall not be a faction or a cabal can only form itself upon the basis of political opinions and principles regarding national inte rests held in common by some considerable section of the people, and of the representatives of the people acting in concert with one another. So long as the electors of Vic toria continue to be indifferent to questions that concern the whole community, so long as thev return members to serve in Parliament who are valued chiefly for the local advan tages they secure for their districts, or on account of their Eersonal claims to the esteem of their constituents, it will Bvain, and, moreover, unjust to expect that members of Parliament shall actively and unitedly exhibit care for national interests or zeal for public rights. Whenever the people awaken to a sense of the grave social and political dangers that threaten the future welfare of this country, a majority of the Legislative Assembly will not be slow to combine for the purpose of discovering and of applying remedies. * * * * * * ' Care for national interests, as distinguished from local and personal interests, first on the part of the constituen cies, and next on the part of the representatives of the constituencies in the Legislative Assembly, is, in my judg ment, an essential condition precedent, and will be found to be the only possible basis of union of a really liberal political party.' Mr. Higinbotham's ideal of a Liberal party implies an amount of honesty and intelligence amongst the people who lead and the people who follow in these political contests which may be one day realised, but that day appears to be very far distant at present. If from the contest which is now raging between the rival factions here we could extract all that was selfish, either local or personal, we should nnd that there was nothing left to quarrel about, and the dif ferences of opinion upon the questions which con cern the true interest of the country would be (found to be quite insignificant and perfectly easy of adjustment. - While changes of Ministers are exciting the country generally, the annual change of mayors has had a little effect in exciting our civic burgesses. Mr. Gatehouse, who retired from the mayoralty yesterday, had made himself somewhat offensively conspicuous of late in the attempts which have been made to introduce Sunday amusements, and to break down the decorous observance of the Sabbath which has hitherto been characteristic of Melbourne. Of course, every man and woman in the community is at liberty to spend Sunday in their own way* provided they do not inter fere with the observance of the day by others ; but these ' progressive ' peeple, as they are fond of styling themselves, will not 'be content unless they can force the authorities to open our public institu tions on Sundays, and the civic authorities to let the Town Hall for Sunday concerts, or so-called 'sacredre- citals.' On this account Mr. Gatehouse's re- election as councillor (for his term of office as representative of one of the wards was about to expire as well a§ his years* occupancy of the civic chair), W*ad dpposfHl bjf' ^B the religious bodies in his ward, and he had to tight ? his way back to the Council chamber. He sue- ? ceeded in beating his opponent by / 0 votes, and this ? is claimed by the anti-sabbatanan journals as a ? triumph, and the religious people are warned to be . H quiet and to hide their diminished heads ln^ future while the advocates of a 'rational Sunday work. their own wills. This so-called triumph, however, ? is more imaginary than, real* For every eight votes polled by the mayor bis opponents polled seven, and when it is considered that the opposition candidate was scarcely known in the ward while the mayor went to the poll with all the influence which the prestige of office gave him, and with all the additional advantage which necessarily resulted from his lavish ? hospitalities of late, the wonder rather is that so large H a proportion of the constituency felt compelled to fl record their votes against him. B 