DURRAGE HOUSE. (Written Expressly for the Examiner.) CHAPTER VII.—UNWELCOME VISITORS, Grace Hardman and her father proceeded on their way—Grace avoiding any allusion to the visit I had suggested to Durrage House. Whatever purpose she had resolved upon she carefully concealed from her. fether and myself, conversing only on common topics with an apparent indifference that served at least to prevent any pointed questions. Bat I felt satisfied that she was capable of great exertion—that shei had ability and will to accomplish whatever she had resolved upon. " She seemed young, as young as .Ralphiad supposed her to be,, but from a remark of her father's. I found that she was much older. Still, doubts would intrude that a young woman only eighteen, necessarily inexperienced, would not' be equal in subtlety to those who had their own peculiar purposes to serye by Inducing her to become an inmate of ijbeir closed house. But they were gone—rtbe farmer had shaken bands heartily— Grace had laid her little hand in mine for two or three mingles, looking very earnestly into my febe/" the while. T$it look wa,s indelibly impressed upon my memory: I carried'it with me to Dur-, rage House that evening, and it returned to me in my slumbers and in my waking dreams. Ralph was bett£- when 1 entered the house, and hs^iiJcen his desk and papers lnto thl^ttle parlor, where he saVjvtien'Tthrew open'the; door. ' • . " Ah Frank, here yon are at last. I have been quite uneasy at your long absence. Mary, bring in a cup. of tea, Frank is tired and hot. \ Nothing equals a cup of good tea in relfreshmg a fellow when he is flagged." "Well, 'Ralph?" "Hush., I won't listen to a word until you have cheered yourself. Confound it, man, do you think I have no humanity in me ?" f Mary .cfime .ih witht he snowy .china and silver fe^pot. A very fateful fragrance filled the little room. "Now, Prank, drink, eat, and when thou hast satisfied the cravings of thine appetite, tell me the result of your interview with the 'former." I obeyed.' "I can .scarcely tell you what the result will be, but BO far as the interview went I could not have wished for any- 6 more satisfactory. The farmer or is, an old friend, Ralph." A. fact, Ralph, I assure you. I Jfont delay to tell you how he came to , y f nend, because that has nothing » do Mith the matter; biit when I tell In . he SBTed m y lifes, and that his "quite a favorite of mine, you. ,v U1 f . or g lv e me for telling him and her »l C11 'f, Ums^nceB ^ich induced you to wnte that letter." is Ti tho "S ht 1 ^ that myself—that ' doughy explained as much as was tm,/jV. Eal P Jl ' y° ur letter completely E > bufc as y° u bad appealed to the J? e l p 1 motored to explain notfcii a^on ' and though he eonld do aJS^SfcV! I fear not. She is t*ry.» 15600,116 an inmate of the nun- °ot i nSt -n°" 3ut it seems that she is frin^ 4 W , iin S as you and others itnatachin ? ^ world.. I think tjje have 7A° l tt ce^tain father Clemept onc e at mu ° h do :with it, and ay from home Bba began to doubt, my narrative of your trouble decided hec,' and she has now gone to the establishment with the avowed intention of discovering if Mabel is there." "Good. But is there not danger to herf Ib she equal, do you think, to the task ? Of course she nitty discover if Mabel is theri, but it is rather a serious undertaking for 'so young a girl." " You would hkrdly think her to be scarcely eighteen^ would you ?" " Bfo, indeed. But what is a young woman of eighteen matched against a clever, cultivated, experienced man or body of men?" " X had the same thoughts and gave expression to them, but she was resolute and confident in her own resources and ability. Somehow, she has inspired me with the same confidence. I hope and believe that if Mabel is there we shall" hear of her—perhaps even have her restored to ub." " Bodeful, buoyant; it is natural to you. But t'have no Hope, "Frank, n<) hope at all." " When, do ' yotr think your father will be athonSfc?" I afeked, to give a turn to the cohversa'tion. " T^o-morrow, Frank." " We may expect a visit from 'Mr' Verify, then, shortly V' " Tut^T-do you believe that fellow will evefrputin an appearance V " I do, indeed." " Then I don't." " Hiish—there is somebody knockirigaf'th^dcwr,'' " MrVetle^ of course," said Ralph,: laughing^ V Ahem!" My heart sank down, down, down.. I looked piteo'usly at Ralph, who ro^i hasU^Ba^ng.as he 'did so, ^'Wha^is you, : Frank! You look to; white as a 'ghost." Yes—I Have no doubt I did—for I knew that ;ahem ! WJiy had he come at such a moment. ButMary : had ushered him into the drawing-rooni, and Ralph and he sere in earnest conversation. .Half ah hour elapsed. T was siitnmoned to : hiti most, uriwelcomepresericei. There he sat as gravei, as formal, as freeing as of yore. I always felt, painfdlly felt, my own insignificance when In his presence. " How do you do, Frincis,?" gaid Mr Grisly. Ah, there it was again! " Francis"—not the' genial " Frkrik" of Mr Dehby iand Ralph. " Very well,indeed, sir, thank you." " Ahem 1 There, is a decided improvement in your personal appearance.; the air of Dullup seems to agree with you. Mr Denby informs me that you are a docile arid attentive pupil, and that ypur progress is .most'satisfiictbry. I have .run down .to Dullup to-day to tell you that an opening will be made for you io the office of a ,friend of . mine, and that you will be taken'from school in about six months' time ; so make the most of your Opportunities." " I will; sir." "Yery good, Francis." Mr Grisly extended his'hand frigidly as was his wont. I. took it in about the same manner as I would have taken the paw of a grisly bear on the prairie. " 'I shall wish' you good evening, Mr Dehby ; a very interesting ceremony is about to take place inthisneighborhood which I have been invited to witness by a neighbor of mine, whose daughter is maiiily.intereF ted." I turned away to hide any indications 'of intelligence. : .^lph. courteously bowed my guardian out,and we V.ire once more alone. " I supposetHe ceremony fa wtich your gu^rdiapalluded is onein which wfiare greatly interefe'ted, Rapt f " Yes, you .may depend upon.it," . "Strange as it'may seem, I dislike Mr Grisly " said 'ilaip|i j ['arid to tell you the truth, 1 wish he had. not appeared upon the Bcene just now." " I don't suppose that he is likely. in any way to thwart the designs of those who are striving to defeat the designers, Ralph ; but still I wonder very much that he should come down to witness a ceremony that to one of his way of thinking most appear useless, if not worse." " Exactly so; you have said it, Frank. In my private opinion he has some other motive for coming all thu distance besides that of-witnessing the ceremooy of the reception of Grace Hardman." " Wfcll, my good friend, whatever the designs, of others may be, whatever the purpose of Mr Grisly may be, may God confound the wrong doers, and help the right." " Amen," said Ralph. "To-morrow, dear friend, to-morrow, wbat shaU we do to-morro.w ?" " Compose yourself, Frank. To-morrow father may return, and .we ;$b≪ htive much to communicate tod much to bear. After which we are tohave a -visit - from Mr what do you call him r •" Mr Henry Yerley, .solicitor, Ralph." " Ah, Mr Henry Verley, solicitor. A ^jlagueing lawyer, Frank." • ; " Don't run down the .profession, Ralph ; I think there are honest lawyers.". " Undoubtedly; so there are honest -horsedealerti,' but they are few and far between." " 'There was a rattle of wheels upon thfe paved yard ; Ralph started up and lookfed out of the window, but it. was too dark -to discern any object dis- -tlnctly. There ^was asligbt. altercation b'etwero>Mt0t9 . individuals outside, «njd Ralph went hastily out. Before he could reach the heavy back door it was swung rather'rudely open,.and an old man of ungainly exterior came bustling in. r •'Oh, good evening, Mr Ralph. Fa-' ther at home?" No, /sir; I expect him to-morrow/' " ; Do you, indeed ? , Well, it's a pity I didn't wait until to mortow; but, however, there's no 'time like the present- You will take this (pulling a paper from bis pocket and handing it to Ralph) and tell yonr'ftither that he mast not expept to alter my decision in the matter." Without any further explanation the visitor retired as precipitately as he had entered unceremoniously. For. a moment Ralph stood as.fixedly as a statjUQ; then holding the light he had taken with him from' the parlor until the' door, was re-closed and fastened, he came back to where I waB standing. " Let us see what old Gideon Watley has brought us," said Ralph, " Was that old man your landlord, Ralph?" " Yes, Frank; what do you.think of him?" He is a most repulsive old fellow, Ralph;" " Verily, I agree with you. His disposition is as ugly as his person." Ralph' sat down arid drew the light close to liim. . " Well, by all that's provoking ! .Here's a six months' notice to quit. Our lease expired' last Christmas, but we had been such excellent tenants the old sinner said, that we could remain and the.lease should be renewed. My father ought to have seen to this before, but he regards all men as being as honest, as himself, though they are perpetually biting him. Well, this makta the matter vorse and woree." 1 Ralph flung : the notice from* him in a. passion, arid'leaning. 4ii£! head ^ponrfe-haiias- sat;;RBteibg f into 1 the toe vnth^ trouH^d and anxious lexpres- ,sion of 1 cou 1 !!teriarice. 'I "was kt a 1 """ upstairs to my bedroom. Troubles seemed to thicken around those to whom I had become so much attached. Miss Denby was still very ill, and there were no tidings of Mabel; and now they were to leave the old house wilh the expiring year. I, too, was to leave them. The probability, nay the certainty, of this had never entered my thoughts. I was happy, and was not disposed to spoil my enjoyment at the present by any anticipations of future ill. But though my meditations on these matters were sombre enough, they soon gave place to the hopes that are inherent to youth. The pictureB of Mr Denby driven from the quiet home that he had loved ; of Ralph hopeless and desperate at the loss of his sister ; of Miss Denby wasted by sickness and sorrow, all faded away; and Grace Hardman—youthful, hopeful, resolute, clever, kind-hearted Grace—took their place. Imagination pictured the lost one restored—the sorrowing ones happy tgain—the old house still in their possession—and myself, still in some unexplained way, with them and necessary to them. I slept at last, and when I awoke the glorious summer's sun. was pouring his rays into the little pannelled bedroom. I sprang out of bed, plunged my head into the cold spring water, dressed quickly, and hastened downstair^. No one WUB AStir. I left the house, making a most irritating noise with bolts and bars, ran up the principal garden walk, and was soon in the shady lane where I bad /encountered Mr Verley. Whistling an .old English melody, I sauntered on, meeting nobody, until I turned a corner .which gave me a full view of the old white house and .the distant village. I must confess that I felt fyr . the first time that the landscape had its beauties. The scene before me was not wanting, in attraction, and I stood gazing on it with pleasure unalloyed by any gloomy associations.. " Ah ! Mr Linwood, you have found: something to admire, I see." I turned suddenly, and found Ml Henry .Verley confronting me. " Good morning to you, Mr Verley. I am very glad to see you. Only last night we were talking of you." " Indeed," said the lawyer, with his pleasing smile ; " I am very pleased to find: that you remember me. Has Mr Denby, then, returned ?" "No, sir; but Ralph end I were speculating as to your promised visit." " Oh, when I promise I invariably perform. I wish that Mr Denby had returned, though. I understood that he came home last night." . : " He will be home to-day, sir, Ralph thinks, without fail." " Very good; I will await his coming. But did not some one arrive in a hired vehicle—a vehicle obtained at the Swan?" "Yes, there was a visitor at Durrage last night." . The lawyer looked enq uiringly at me, but I did.not feel disposed to enlighten him as to who the visitor was. . " An elderly gentleman was at the j3wan last night. I thought it might be Mr Denby." " Oh no. If Mr Denby had been at the Swan last evening he would have been at Durrage before the night was pver," I said, with a smile. " I should suppose so. The individual, in question hired a fly and ordered the driver to Durrage House, so that I .concluded he must be the present tenant." ' I do not know why I felt disinclined to afford the information my interlocutor evidently desired, but perhaps I had acquired habits of reticence while at Barleywood. " You are an early riser like myself, sir,' 1 I remarked. :Mr Verley started as if myremafk bad disturbed his train of thought " Yes," he answered. 41 Some men prefer the night for thinking—they can mature their plans, resolve upon certain courses, design or defeat design. But I like the fresh morning air, even when I get it less pure than this in the town. I have always found the result of my njornin" resolutions satisfactory." «< One feels so much lighter and clearheaded in the morning." " Yes. Are the inmates astir ?' He pointed to the house as he spoke. "They were not when I loft tne bouse, sir, but I daresay Ralph is about by this time. Ho -s an enthusiastic gardener, and is sure to be somewhere in the garden." . " Well, at the risk of seeming obtrusive, I will accompany you to the house, if you are thinking ot returnlD|«I am ready for my breakfast, so we will co." We walked down the lane and entered the garden. My companion said but little, and I felt unwilling to speak through fear of compromising in some way the interests of those I loved. But just as I turned the last corner of the principal pathway, Mr Verley suddenly asked, " You don't know who came last night, do you?" At first I thought of replying yeB, -ray <mardian," but I felt that this evasion would be little better than a falsehood, so I determined, after a moment's hesitation, to be even with my questioner by putting an interrogatory to him. "Excuse roe, Mr Verley,^ but why are you so anxious to know 1" " Humph! you have as much right to ask me tbat question as I have to put the other to you. Well, I suppose I shall know when I see Mr Denby. He said this without any exhibition of annoyance, but I felt that he was annoyed, and willirig to mollify him, I said, "You will think me very suspicious, but when you know more of the history of the Denbys you will understand my reticence.-' He turned round and looked at me for an instant; then a pleasant smile illumined his worn face, and he replied very affably, "I think the better of yru for it—but vou need not fear me ; I am, and shall", I hope, prove myself to be, a true fiiend of the Denbys— father, son, and aunt." " I am glad to hear you say so, sir, for they need a friend, and I am only a boy." " A boy in years and in appearance, but with a grave, sensible head upon your shoulders, and a manly beart in your boM)m." I was not too old to blusb, and Mr Verley's compliment sent the warm blood rushing to face and forehead. " I am glad you think so well of me, sir." He smiled but did not reply, and we Btood at the door. Mary admitted us, and I led the way into the breakfast parlor. " A rosy-faced, happy looking lass that," observed Mr Verley of Mary. " I suppose she has not been long at Durrage." " Oh yes, sir. She is a very old servant in one sense of the word, for she entered into Miss Denby's service when she was only a child. She has remained with them ever since, for, like all who know them, she is very much attached to her master and mistress." " Mr Denby is a popular man, then, is hel" "I don't know whether he may justly be termed popular, but I think that the few who know him esteem him highly. His pupils love him." " Ah, then he is a worthy man. If scholars and domestics love him, he is unquestionably amiable." " Ralph—Mr Henry Verley." Ralph gave me a quick glance of intelligence, and bowed. " You will pardon my intrusion," said Mr Verley, "when I tell you that my visit is of the utmost importance to your father, and indeed to all of you. I supposed that your visitor of last night was your father, but Mr Linwood has told me that he has not yet returned." " No, Mr Verley, but I have no doubt but that he will be here by ten o'clock. In the meantime we will discuss breakfast. You are early, and the morning air is appetising." We drew our seats to the table, and the visitor did not fail to comment upon the excellent bread and well-flavored batter. He was warm in his praisesof the bam, and the eggs were someth.ng wonderful. ^ chatted, and laughed and enjoyed our meal, as though there were no troubles overshadowing us. «™There is a man at the hall door waiting to see you, sir," said Mary, entering the room and addressmg Ralph. Ralph rose hastily and went out. He returned in a few minutes and I saw that something had occurred to annoy him. „ " Not your father ?" asked Mr Verley. . " Oh, no; an unwelcome visitor. Old Gideon Watley, our landlord sent him up this morning with a dreadfully formal and legal notice to quit this day six months." . vt»T " I thought he did that last night, l remarked, without thinking of Mr Verley's presence. » It was Gideon Watley, then, that paid you a visit last night 1" said Mr Verley. " Yes," replied Ralph. " That is the first gun from the enemy's encampment," said Mr Yerley, 8mRalpii looked surprised, and said " The enemy ?" , , • «« Yes," answered Mr Verley; " m this 'battle of life' the Watleys are arrayed against the Denbys. But possession, you know, is nine points of the law. We, for I identify myself with your side, have possession, and we must endeavor to keep it. I am not disposed to be unduly confident, but 1 think we shall be able to hold the fortress against the whole forces of the enemy." "Well, sir," said Ralph, "you are speaking i i riddles to me, but I suppose that I shall be taken into your confidence; for it is quite certa-n that I am aa deeplv interested as any of the family." « Yes, decidedly ; but I think we will not hold a council of war until Robert Denby, of Durrage, is present." The morning wore on, and just at midday the anxiously looked-for master of Durrage arrived. He looked worn and anxious, and paler than usual. As soon as we had partaken of refreshment Ralph plunged into the subject that was nearest his heart, relating how he had discovered the secret passage communioating between the granaiy and; the bedroom, but carefully refraining from anv allusion to Mabel. M^-Verley listened with keen attention,, but made no comment; Mr Denby .was likewise silent, but when Ralph had finished his narrative and imparted the unpleasant information that Gideon Watley had given them notice to quit, Mr Verley remarked abruptly "Misfortunes never come singly, according to the proverb, and your case is an illustration of it. This notice would not have been given had not another movement more inimical to your interests been made in another quarter. I am fully aware of what your son has with great adroitness and most discreetly avoided—the loss of your daughter." Mr Denby started, and looked almost alarmed and angry. " Forgive me, Mr Denby, if I am better acquainted with your circumstances than you supposed any one besides the members of your own family and those whom you have employed in the search to be. But I entreat you to be thoroughly unreserved in your communications to me; keep nothing back from me; regard me as your counsel, and always recollect that nothing but the most entire confidence can ensure to you may I not say to us ?—the victory." " How are we to know that our confienco will not be as much misplaced in this instance as in the one to which you have alluded ? " asked Ralph bluntly. Then suddenly recollecting how abrupt and rude his language must seem, he colored and added, " Pardon me, I am often so much depressed and irritated by the painful suspense we are in regarding my sister that I forget myself. I am inclined to form the same opinion of all men that the Psalmist did." Mr Denby spoke very gently. " Yes, yes, Mr Verley. Pardon both of us if we are not in all respects what the Denbys ought to be." " It is perfectly natural—quite excusable," said Mr Verley, with that pleasant re-assuring smile of his ; "and now tbat you have asked me for that which you bad a perfect right to a8k for, I will no longer keep you in doubt as to who lam and whatiB my purpose. If my information is in some respects defective, you can readily understand that my residence abroad for many years accounts for those deficiencies. Part of my speculations may be erroneous, but I think I have good foundation for most of them. Before I commence my narra tive I must ask you a question or two. You bear the name of Robert Denbv, your son bears the name of Ralph, your sister of Minnie. Now, look back, say thirty years ago, and try if you can remember mine." "No " said Mr Denby, after a few moments' pause, " Christopher Virley was my father's legal adviser, I think, but I never heard of Henry Verley." '•But you know that your father's agent took an active part in the proceedings which deprived you of the home of your ancestors.-" "Yes. He was supposed to be the moving influence of the Watleys. I placed the matter in the hands of legal men who could not rescue the property from the clutches of the usurers, and as I knew nothing of law or business myself I concluded that when they could do nothing my wisest course was to give up possession, and cease to trouble myself about what was inevitable." Mr Denby looked like a man who had got rid of a load that had been oppressive, and who was thankful for the relief. . "Why did you keep me in the dark about this ?" asked Ralph. " Because I thought with Gray that " where ignoranco is bliss 'tiB folly to be wise." You would have wasted in unavailing regrets opportunities and powers that might otherwise be of service to yourself and your friends." "Yours was not the spirit of your father," said Mr Verley with a smile He would have fought and fought des perately to the last or for the last brick, stone, or tree on the property. 3?ut however different the characters of fa ther and son in the case of the Denbys it could not be greater than in that of the Verleys. Christopher Ver ley set out in life wit'j one object—the aggrandisement of himself and his only son. His only son finding ^ large amount of money at hip disposal ^followed bis instincts, and spent it far more rapidly than his father had accn- 'inulated it. But there is one redeeming feature in his son's character in an unwillingness to profit by the loss or suftering of others. I shall presently relate how I became acquainted with the circumstances under which the pre sent representative of the Watleys con trived to gain possession of Durwash House, and I will ask you to credit me with a desire, conceived the moment I discovered the truth, to make what reparation I could for my father's wrong." Mr Verley paused; Mr Denby bowed and smiled benignantly, Ralph sprang up and extended his hand which the lawyer grasped. " I will trouble you for a glass of water," said Mr Verley. " Have something better," said Ralph icpetuously. He had passed from the extreme of suspicion to the most com plete confidence. " Nothing can be better than water from Durwash," said Mr Verley, laughing «though I did not always think so. It would have been well for me if I had." Ralph placed the water before the lawyer and a couple of decanters of wine. Mr Verley poured out a glass of the sparkling spring water and drank it. Then commenced his narrative. (To be Continued.) TBB " CHRISTIAN WITNESS" for August 5 is to hand. It contains several wellwritten articles, the continuation of "a month at the Huon," by the Rev. C. Robinson, a leader on Tasmania as the Switzerland of Australia, and general notes and news of the day. ADVICE TO MOTHERS'.—Are you broken in vour rest by a sick child suffering with the pain of cutting teeth ? Go at once to a chemist and got a bottle of Mas. WINSLOW'B SOOTHING STROP. It will relieve the poor sufferer immediately. It is perfectly harmless and pleasant to taste, it produces natural, quiet sleep, by relieving the child from pain, and the little cherub awakes " as bright as a button." It soothes the child, it softens the gums, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and is the best remedy known for dysentery and diarrhoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Sold everywhere at Is ljd per bottle. Mannfactory 493 Oxford-straet, London.—[Advt.] 