LITERATURE. GASPAR DUVAL; THE CONFESSIONS OF A SUCCESSFUL MAN. BY GROSVENOR BUNSTER, AUTHOR OF 'JOHN HORTON'S WARD,' 'WAY OF THE WORLD,' 'STEPHEN BRANDON,' 'BLOOD WILL TELL,' ETC., ETC. CHAPTER XXIII. WHICH TREATS OF THREATENED DANGER. The following day I read in the newspapers a more particular account of the outbreak at the Melbourne Jail. It had been led, as my informant of the evening before had told me, by William Thompson, the man who had just been received into the prison to serve the sentence that morning passed upon him by the bench of magistrates. The details, however, of the desperate attempt will not interest my readers. Let it suffice, that the project failed ; and that my worthy father, in search of his son, had in all probability found a halter instead. Elated with this reflection, I was in the best of humour when I arrived at the office, where I found Mr. Soundings studying the newspaper attentively. 'Desperate affair, sir,' said he. 'From the description of the man, I fancy I've seen him at your office.' ' Eh ?' I cried, looking at him keenly. But Mr. Soundings' face was as inexpressive as a ship's figure head. 'Yes, sir, a rough customer he looked. He wanted me to trace somebody ; but as I stopped him with the intelligence that the preliminary fee was a guinea, he walked off without telling me any more. If it's the same man, he's not likely now to become a client, eh sir.' And Mr. Soundings, who never laughed at other men laughed, gurgled his merriment somewhere down in his stomach. I regarded him fixedly for some moments; but never a sign could I detect in his hard face, that more lay be- hind his statement than he chose to tell ; still I felt uneasy and resolved to act promptly. Handing him the keys of the safe, I directed him to debit the cheques and pass them into the account of the association. Then I walked swiftly to my own office, where Master Soundings was busily engaged in filling up forms of application for loans, etc., for three or four seedy-looking young gentlemen who sat near him. I called him into the inner office. 'Johnny,' said I, ' do you recollect a rough sailor-looking man calling here a couple of days ago?' ' Rough, sailor-looking man, sir,' he repeated, turning his dull eyes upon ceiling with the expression of one who is endeavouring to call something to memory. 'Rough, sailor-looking— ah! Yes, sir, I remember. William Thompson ; got his name down in the call-book. I remember.' ' What did he want? ' ' Can't say, sir—left him with father. Went out with a letter.' 'Were you gone long? Was he here when you came back?' 'About five minutes,sir. No, he'd gone. Hadn't any money, father said.' 'To you ?' 'Yes, sir. Asked him his name, sir, to put it in call-book. Said it was no consequence, as he had no money. But I did it, sir.' 'Why.' 'Don't know, sir, I'm sure. I always put down the names of them that calls, sir. It's best, if any- thing turns up with 'em. Can charge 'em then for two consultations, sir, instead of one.' 'Good boy,' I cried, 'here is half-a-crown. I'll not forget you.' For all this I was by no means at ease. It is true that Jerome Duval could not have been at- tracted to my office by seeing my name published on the notice-board ; since I had taken that down when l obtained the post I had just re- signed. But I knew quite enough of the Sound- ings — father and son — to be aware that they could readily simulate ignorance even better than they could speak truth ; and that if my name had been mentioned by the stranger; his business| with me would be known to the elder, if not to both. Yet why, if more lay beneath Mr. Soundings gossip, should he have gossiped at all upon the subject? When he spoke to me of the visit of this man, he did not regard me with any unusual interest ; nor could I perceive that in anything he said on the matter that he considered it as in any- way of an extraordinary or suggestive nature. Still I was ill at ease. When I returned to the office, I discovered Mr. Soundings seated at his desk with a number of cheques spread before him, one of which he was regarding through a microscope. He looked up as I entered, and with the first ghost of a smile I had ever seen upon his face motioned to me to shut the door. Then, as I took a seat beside him, in utter bewilderment , he leaned back in his own chair, and regarding me with the air of a hawk which is about to pounce upon a duckling, spoke as follows:— 'Mr. Duval,' said he, ' you've been good to me, sir. I ain't ungrateful. I ain't indeed. You might have stripped me, sir, over that Goffer business. Now I'm going to wipe off my debt.' ' What the devil do you mean, sir,' cried I, indignantly. 'There, there, ' he continued, raising his hand deprecatingly; ' pray don't put yourself out. But, sir, it won't do. This game is dangerous'— and as he spoke he jerked his head in the direc- tion of the cheques which lay on the desk. ' Mr. Soundings,' said I, I don't understand you ; but it appears to me that you insinuate I do. Be good enough to speak plainly.' He took up three of the cheques, and, handing me the microscope, asked me to look at them particularly—the while regarding me with that ghostly smile which I had seen upon his face a moment before. I took the cheques, and looked as he de- sired. 'Well, sir,' said he, as I set the glass on the desk. 'Mr. Soundings,' said I, please to tell me what you mean, I have an easy temper; but beware of trying it too far.' He stared blankly at me as I spoke; while I, for my part, regarded him fixedly. Presently he stammered : 'Perhaps I've been too hasty, sir. But these cheques, sir— have they passed through other hands than yours?' 'No—well—no. They lay on my desk for a few moments while Mr. — ' and here I paused. What could this mean ? 'Out with it, Mr Soundings,' I cried ; 'what is it you have discovered ?' 'Please look, sir, at this cheque, and this, and this, he cried, passing three cheques towards me. ' Observe the signatures, sir— Wm. Andrews, chairman; Natt, vice-chairman ; Gaspar Duval, secretary. Look well at them.' I did as he desired, and for the first time perceived some peculiarity about the signatures. They presented the appearance of waiting that had been painted over, or as though the pen had been passed over them anew. I said so. 'Now, sir,' said Mr, Soundings, as though he exulted in his superior perception, ' observe this' —and as he spoke he laid a damp sheet of thin paper over the signatures, and then a cheque- form over that; and placing them; in the letter- book, passed it under the press, to which he gave a vigorous tug. This done, he drew the papers from the book, and laid them before me. There sure enough was the cheque-form signed by the chairman, vice chairman, and secretary of the directors of the Thrift and Provident Association of Australia. The whole matter flashed upon me in a moment; and I was angry with myself that those circumstances which, at the time of my observations had struck me as singular, had not directed me to me truth. It was evident enough that Mr. Andrews meditated, if he had not already committed, a forgery. 'And so, Mr. Soundings,' said I, 'you actually thought that I could be guilty of such a clumsy bungle' He really looked distressed. 'Forgive me,' he said. ' I—the fact is, I was so proud of having made the discovery that I didn't pause to think of the probabilities. It occurred to me that as you alone had the handling of the cheques, you were the party in the case. I see now that I was a fool.' 'You may depend upon it,' said I, ' that if ever I commit such an act of folly, I shall take good care that no trace of it shall fall into Mr. Soundings' hands.' 'Thanks, sir; I understand you,' said he, ' but none the less I beg your pardon for my in- voluntary doubts. 'Ah, Mr. Soundings,' said I, 'I am not likely to place myself in anybody's power, much less in , yours.' I noticed a peculiar look in his face—a look which lasted but a second—as I said this. 'You don't do me justice,' he said. 'But never mins; in time you will learn better. And now, sir, what are we to think of this discovery.' 'Keep silent on the matter,' I answered, 'until I tell you more. I have my own sus- picions, but until they are confirmed I had rather keep them to myself. In the meantime take down the numbers of the cheques, and then pay in the lot to the credit of the Association. You won't want me for awhile. I'll call in during the afternoon'—and with this I turned away, carefully closing the door. Master Pimples was engaged in the prosecution of his usual exhila- rating pastime of decorating the ceiling with paper pulp, and did not heed my approach, 'Pimples,' said I, tweaking his ear, 'follow me quietly, silently'— and I went down stairs, and remained in the passage. Presently Pimples joined me. ' I'm here, sir,' said he. 'I see you are, Pimples,' said I. ' Now, I want to find Mr. Andrews. Have you any notion where he is ?' ' Bet my life, sir,' said he, ' I could drop on him in five minutes.' ' Then take me to him. If Mr. Soundings should complain of your absence, tell him you were with me.' ' Come on, sir. Is this here gentleman going to be the new boss, sir ?' 'He is, Pimples.' ' Rummy-looking old cock, sir, ain't he? He looks as though he'd lost his tongue, sir, and was always on the look out to find it. 'Fraid, sir, me and him won't agree. Too great 'sparity of hage, sir, not to speak of hincompatibility of temper, as they says in the divorce suits. Here you are, sir. Hold on, and I'll look'— and with this the youth stopping short before a tavern in William street, passed in through a side door. Presently he re-appeared, and beckoned. ' He's in there, sir ; knowed he was. He's got a hoffice, but his boy told me, sir, that he's never there. It's very jolly times for his boy, sir ; cos he can play rounders and all kinds o' games without fear o' getting the sack. He locks the door and writes : " Return at 2 o'clock; leave name," and hooks it down to the river and ketches fish. My word ! And he gets fifteen bob a week. Oh, he's got a rosy billet of it, has Billy Larkins. There's' the door, sir'— and he pointed to the: door by which he had himself entered the tavern. ' Want me any more, sir ?' . 'No, Pimples. Here's a shilling. Let me know who calls at the office. And I say, Pimples, don't say anything about coming here. You under- stand? 'I'm awake, sir." And with his customary slide across the pave- ment, he went off whistling. Entering a passage, I passed into a room at its termination, and there saw Mr. Andrews. His back was turned to the door, and he leaned his head upon his arms, which were cast upon the table— his whole attitude unmistakably expressing utter despair. Glancing at the carpet, I saw numerous fragments of papers scattered about ; and on the table were a blotting pad and pens and ink. Something told me that I was just in time. I placed my hand upon his shoulder, and he sprang up with an oath and faced me : his face and bearing being that of a man who, brought to bay, was resolved to do battle with his antagonist. For a moment he stared at me blankly; then, letting his hands drop wearily, he exclaimed petulantly, — ' It is you, eh, Duval ? ; What do you want ? Can I never secure privacy ?' 'Come,' I said, 'sit down. I've come on serious business. Mr, Andrews, tell me'—and bent forward, hushing my voice to a whisper — ' what have you done wlth the tracings of the cheques?' He uttered a low cry, and grasped the breast pocket of his coat, starting back and glaring at me with distended eyes and features which, now pale as death, worked convulsively. ' Man,' he groaned, ' or devil— how came you ? —what— why, what the deuce is this new mum- mery?' he went on, with a sickly attempt at bravado. ' Don't let us fence with each other, Mr. Andrews,' said I. ' Remember, above all things, that I am your friend. Last night I promised your dear wife that, come what might, I would stand by you.' 'Upon my word, sir,' he commenced, ' Mrs. Andrews must be——' And then his whole voice changed, as, with a despairing cry, he cast his clasped hands upwards and groaned out,— 'My God ! oh, my God ! what shall I do?' I forced him to resume his seat. Then I went to the bar, and procured some brandy, which I made him drink ; and when he was somewhat more composed, I went on. 'I found out,' said I, that the cheques had been tampered with, and readily guessed by whom, and as readily for what purpose. You must forego that purpose,' I continued. ' Things may be bad ; but, for your wife and child's sake, you must not make them worse than they are. Face your position like man. Make a clean breast of it, and trust to the kindness of those you may have wronged ; to escape punish- ment. Give me your pocket-book.' He obeyed me like a child, I opened the pocket- book, and there, sure enough, discovered the transfers of the cheques, together with a number of forms, upon which clumsy imitations had been written. ; You have me at your feet now,' he cried bitterly ; ' are you satisfied ?' 'Give me your hand,' I answered. ls that enough ? Now, tell me. How long a time have you left ere the bubble bursts— a day, a week, a month?' 'Nine days more,' he answered. 'l am called upon to hand over trust moneys that I cast to the winds years ago, and for which I have been paying f\large interest to trustees to hoodwink them. I know I am suspected. More than that, I have two ac- ceptances out.' 'Genuine ?' He shook his head, while a burning blush of shame covered his face, and big drops of agony started on his brow. 'It's no use, Duval; I am a doomed man.' 'No man is doomed who has nine days in which to work his redemption. Now listen. Go home. Compose yourself. Let no chance thought agitate you or turn you from the task. Let me have a full, accurate, and above all, detailed account of your affairs. Omit nothing, but let me know the worst. Let me have this by to-morrow morning ; and if there be a loophole out of which you can crawl, I'll let you know by to-morrow night. Will you do this?' He shook his head as he mumured,— 'It is of no use.' 'Why, there now,' I cried ; 'is that the spirit which wins desperate battles—which overcomes overwhelming odds ? Will you do as I ask you ?' He reflected for a few moments, and I could see he was struggling with that spirit of recklessness and indifference which so often prostrates men in his position. Do we not read the lesson every day— that if men would but preserve the cool audacity with which they commence fraud when they find themselves in difficulties apparently in- surmountable, how few would go to the wall. It is this capacity of self resource which marks the great commander, whose genius rises as his dangers in- crease and surround him. And as with him, so with the swindler. Pah ! what a sorry rogue is he who embarks upon the sea of swindling with no notion of navigation, and no definite idea of the port he intends to steer for. We have had few great men out hero ; but the prince of all was Miranda. I think that I could kiss that man's hand.' 'l will do as you wish,' he said presently, with a weary sigh, ' though I am sure all will prove useless.' 'Nay,' I cried, 'fight against that feeling. Hope, man ! It is the best friend in the world, and has got thousands out of their scrapes.' He smiled sadly. ' Ah !' said he, ' it is easy to preach when one is not the sinner.' 'You forget,' I answered, ' l stand by you; and, so far, identify myself with you. Come, I have a vague scheme which I will yet put into form. Who knows but that, ere the nine days are past, you stand free and untrammelled? But promise me — no more thought of this sort of thing— and I touched the cheque forms with my finger. ' Hush, if you would not drive me mad,' he groaned. 'Oh, if I had owned such friend as you three years ago. But repining is folly. Let us have another drink, and I will be off.' 'Not another drop,' I replied, resolutely. 'And let me warn you that, if you would escape your danger, beware of the brandy bottle. I am much mistaken if you do not owe a great deal of your trouble to this scoundrel drink.' ' God help me, I believe you are right,' he answered. ' It has sapped every moral nerve in my soul— every principle of honour.' 'Then the greater reason to abandon it. Come, Andrews, be a man ; if not for your own sake, for that of your wife, who loves you tenderly— for that of little Carrie.' ' Hush, you torture; me,' he cried hoarsely; say no more. To-morrow you shall have the account. Come, I am eager to begin. God bless you, best of friends ?' No more was said between us; and, with a parting squeeze of the hand, we separated— I to repair to the office, he to go home to commence his gruesome work. 'That matter has been explained, Soundings,' said I, quietly. 'Pay in the money. Anybody been?' ' Mr. Goffer, sir.' 'Ah!' I cried, with a significant look, 'I'm afraid he'll have to go somewhere else.' ' I'm afraid so, sir.' And with this the conversation ended. THE DINNER PARTY. ' Now, dear Mr, Duval,' cried Mrs. Hotham when I arrived at my lodgings a little earlier than usual, ' this is very good of you. I never see any- thing of you now; and I declare that I believe you are courting —and she ogled me excessively. 'And if so, what then, Mrs. Hotham ?' I cried, sententiously. 'Nothing but natural,' she cried. 'Such a handsome gentleman, dear Mr. Duval— don't blush, sir ; you are handsome—can't but be able to pick and choose. Heigho !' ' Why that sigh, Hotham ?' said I, as I sat down on a sofa.' ' Did I sigh ?' she exclaimed, sitting down be- side me. ' Well, I have enough to make me sigh. Letting alone the responsibility of housekeeping for so many gentlemen, Mr, Duval, I sometimes feel very lonely. A widow's is a sad lot.' ' Nay, madam,' I cried, 'have you not told me that you regard your lodgers as your children?' 'Pretty children,' she cried, tossing her head. ' There's that horrid creature Stobbs—he will have his victuals underdone . The German gen- tleman can't abear underdone meat. Then one likes gravy, and another detest it. Mr. Wilkins won't eat his boiled mutton without caper sauce, and the bank clerk goes mad at the idea. Oh, it's a sad life; and I sigh for quiet and retirement'— and here she cast a longing glance at me and edged closer. 'Will you play a game of chess with me to- night?' she murmured, her robust shoulder touch- ing mine. 'You know you promised to do so.' 'I am going to a dinner-party, Mrs. Hotham.' 'Another party!' she echoed, somewhat sharply. 'Ah, that comes of being sought after. Before I was married, I was sought after.' 'And should be now, Mrs. Hotham,' cried I, gallantly but rashly. 'Do you think so, dear Mr. Duval!' she mur- mured—this time absolutely leaning against my shoulder. 'Ah, you flatter, wicked man! What darling curls you have.' And I swear that she placed one fat hand upon my head, and ran her fingers through my hair. Had I been cooking in an oven, the perspiration would not have run down my body more pro- fusely than it did now. 'I love curly hair,' she murmured; and then she sighed, and leaned her head upon my shoul- der, her arm the while dropping from my head and encircling my neck. Phew! even now the thought makes me hot. But the deuce a word could I say. 'Dear Gaspar,' she murmured 'mine is a sad, lonely life'—and she gave a tender hug. 'My dear madam,' I cried, 'you should get a husband. I'm afraid I crush you,' I continued, edging away. 'No, no, you don't: you don't indeed,' she said eagerly, the while hoding me tight. 'Indeed you don't. I am very, very happy. A husband, dear Mr. Duval! Ah! there is but one to whom my heart could turn.' 'Well, then,' said I, somewhat impatiently— for matters were getting serious— ' let it turn. Let him have it, ma'am.' 'He has it—oh, he has it. Cruel, cruel boy; you know right well that this heart is yours— and I'm hanged if she didn't throw her arms around my neck and kiss me, and press me close, and almost eat me.' I should have welcomed an earthquake. 'Mrs. Hotham, ma'am,' I cried ; 'pray re- member——" And as I spoke, I heard a chuckle beside me, and, turning my head as quickly as the infernal woman's embrace would permit, I perceived my old enemy Stobbs—his red hair absolutely stiff with exultation, and his little eyes twinkling be- hind his spectacles with all the malevolence of which his nature was capable. ' Beg pardon, I'm sure,' he cried. 'Didn't I and you wereheepmg eompany, eh? Tesysonv/ And with a grin, in which I beheld Dame Gossip at work as plainly as though I had heard the hundred and one versions which presently went round of our small community, the beast backed out of the door. Tearing the widow aside, and heedless of her reproachful murmur, l dashed after Mr. Stobbs. 'Stobbs,' I cried, 'for Heaven's sake, don't spread this ridiculous story. The woman must , or mad, or——' 'Oh, no she ain't,' said the red-haired one; 'not a bit of it. Mrs. H. is as fly as most women. 'Of course I shan't say anything about the matter. It's none o' my business; and I never interfere with other people's.' And with a grin in which I read the lie to his words, the brute retired from my presence. 'By Heaven!' I muttered. 'If the £50,000 prize is as easily won, I shall be anchored along side of her before a fortnight has passed.' And this reflection, suggestive as it was, of a multitude of other thoughts, served to smooth my ruffled temper, and wean my anger from my amorous landlady. I don't know whether any case of one of my readers has ever deliberately contemplated proposing marriage to a lady old enough to be his mother; and for whom he has no particular affection save as it might be reflected from her purse. If there be any such he will agree with me that the tremor and timidity which overcome one who thus con- template this cold blooded wooing are infinitely more distressing than those symptoms of nervous- ness which attach to a proposal that springs from passion. No man, however hardened, can ap- proach a stop of this nature without being im- pressed, more or less, by the conviction that he is a sneak; and there are none who feel the bitter- ness of such a discovery more than those who have long been aware of the fact. Your rogue shrinks — believe me—from any circumstance, as sen- sitively as an honest man shudders at the thought which may remind him of his roguery, as sen- sitively as an honest man shudders at the thought of dishononr. It is a mere question of selfish- ness; the pride of the one operating as keenly as as the pride of the others, and brushed the hair mrs. Hotham had so recently admired and fondled, I came nearer to despising myself, I think, than I have ever been to such an unpleasant feeling, before or since. Nor did this alone arise from the reflection that I was about to lie to a woman whom I did not love, in order to secure her fortune. Strive as I might, the sweet face of Nina Courtenay constantly arose before me; her earnest truthful eyes filled with such a sad reproachful light, that I own I more than once nearly resolved to abandon the enterprise. But this was a weakness which I soon overcame, by bringing forward a counteraction in the form of a contemplation of the case, luxury, position, and brilliant future, which Mrs. Whittaker's money would bring me. You see I felt assured of triumph. Indeed, I have never felt a faint heart when entering upon a scheme; and I attribute very much of the suc- ces which has attended my life to the bold confident and , with which I have taken every undertaking in hand. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 