The Education Question The Brisbane C irrcujmndent of t1<e Bullct'tt writing on this <jneftion wiyn i-The other arrival from liur.ipc in Mr. ltaudall M»c donnell. tlie Gonornl Inspector of the Edu cation B<m\I. This gentleman has enjoy ed a plenum furlough at (lie public ex pense, and will, it may he hoped, resume Ilia official Uluinro with renewed vigour, and Willi i"fs d'mpneition to tecrotly favour prelatio assumption tlian iio formerly evinced. While on this point, I may men tion (tint tie second reading of the Educa tion Bill c«mes on in the Legislative Assembly to-day, and that covert in* equation's are being scattered abroad of treason in the Denominational camp. I am inf Tmed that no less than six mem bers of the Assembly were induced to compromise themselves at the last jftoenl cleclion by giving written undertakings to preserve the oon-vested schools. These nndertabinns are now held byBisbop Quinn anl certain lion, tuetnlura ate said to be sorely vxeruised by rumoured threat' of pub lieati* «n sliiAild their voting not lie io accord - ance with these awkard electioneering pledges. Oie of tbq most corely tried menitiers is the Premier himself who is weli known to have won his'bare majority by pledging himself in eome way to the itoman Catnolic Bishop. It is declared on the one hand, that the name" of a Arthur Macaliater " is attached to one of the un dertakings hereinbefore referred to. On the other hand, it ia deemed that the astute ?.?ndeaan gave no kind of pledge in writing on the subject. . which assertion to beliere I know not, but certain ft is that tbe Premier of the colony notwithstanding his Presbyteroan edueation and Froieslant instincts bos morally or mentally fallen into tbe dutches ot Dr. Quinn. But providence is merciful in Mr Maoalister'scase. for the lion. gcnt)eman is temporarily laid aside by an affliction dispensation just at tlie time when the State l£ducation Bill of his gorernnieni conies on for dissuasion. What jlw- enjJjrill bell can)hardly venture to j>re diet, but it la inUioiltattrly^etatea that In the event <>f tbo Bducatiun Bill bcooiping law, the whole power of the Catholic Chureli will be pat in motion to effect its early repeal, and at the next general clcc'ion the education question will be made the test by which every candidate will stand or fall. These will, we are told be such organisation as few persons outside the fflle of the Cntholio Church have any conception of. It is further declared than no queetiiu wLich ever cams before the cnuutry cxcited tlie violent party spirit which nay be anticipated if secular, free, au4 compulsory education becomes this law of the land It may he hoped, however that #neh a calamity will not befall the colony. Ont of tbe forty-two members nho compose our LegislativeAcseuibly only 1 iedhtingulshed as an exponent of the clerical witbci and opinions of the Bonian Catholic Cbnrch. Tee lion, the Speaker is a voilent opponent of 8tate Education in any shape, but cur iously enough it also an ardent supporter of slate aid to sectarian schools. A few other members will respect their elec tioneering !pledges by voting tbat things shall remain as tliey are, but the {ntelll- '' gence, the enthusiasm and the overwhel ming majority are ranked on the side of the secularists. From what I can ("leap of the relative strength of parties in tbe elec tive .branch of tbe Legislature, debomi nationalUm has not the ghost of a chance. The witb-drawl of Mr. Fhti;erald and the pensioning ofMr. U'Dcvitt have left Mr. MacroBson alunoiu his courageous tut ill stnrrcd attempt io prop Bp a mafilfestly. dcomcd (jctcm. 