MIONDAY rACHt 9 . . . Before Messrs. Tem plttn, P.M; -:and J. Bi Two Ins?aais Why.- men who by-over zealous imbibition' have " unsettled reason from' her throne" should always receive the priority- of -the magisterial attention is a mystery that no man not admitted into the arena of the; Temple of Themis may attempt to penetrate; but 'tis ever thus, and so it came about that John Newton and Henry West, having fuddled themselves the pre vious day, had ih'e honour of heading an unusually long list of entries on the police sheet on Monday morning, and to pay a crown each for that high privilege. Two Rouons.-If John Godwin and George Bryan didn't really merit that appellation, and if they really were not guilty, of.that insulting behaviour they. were charged withal, they. ought at once to empliy.1Vii-W~ile 'to serve Dame Nature witli"noice of action for igifting them' wiii s'uch' couie'naicans as', would jlstify, any bench i'n"ifli?iting fi'es of 40 'each; oi'!'14 days, in' the fill bertainty that if they' did not deserbe it'ndw they ?would soon:': S'FotU'Mo?i"r .o'Eim.- , Here's a lovely quartsette, composed of one male and three' female elements of an even still less attractioveisp'ecti Tlheir respective baptismal -ind here?dltary-designntions -are --Frederick .Raymond (he Fhs the' masculine item), Sarah Prour, Elizaibeth Chinn, and .Mary Ellen, Ainscough. None' of the feminine trio were much advanced in years,' but creditablyso in wickedness and impudence, and villainously ill-favored.. The peculiarity most objected to in their', characters ,is the marked propensity.they have ifor collecting in mobs in the street, especially on quiet Suniday 'evieings' wihen decend folks are "at church, and theni and' there conversing on philosophical 'subjects in such ,.strident tone of voice; with' such: unnecessarily .demon strative action and such unclassical language, as to attract. ,an inconvenient amount of public ittention.' The 'ente'rtainment is wound up with a free fight amongst the bulls of the herd. The three fair members of the gentler sexrwlined :dolefully and, as their manner is, and chivaIlrouily sought to throw the blame on each other's shoulders they were discharged with an admonition as to a stricter observationa of the propileties, but their lordly companion paid the penalty of his pantaloons by. iingibabled -.aw'a?i? to prison for a couple of weeks, in default of a in 40s': i :I " :' I / ' ' - CURIOUS ,CANINE CONDUCT TO CON STABLrEs.-M st' pedple' ilve.an instinctive repugnance to constables. --They're 'boisn"''with - ift.' They : can't.':exactly say why;ýi but they..know ,when :one ..of these cerulean-coated creaag9res,1is, cbqmjng withi; ken by the s1m~sthedt ilsdder that comes over t Sometimes they don' t mind :overgrunning:the constables, t'--they objectb 'tnoeet?"linn" in soclety. "(3i lo1a playful puppy, who lives (Happy dog'!)' at the Victoria Jam Company'abive of lusc io"s sweets in Chapel-street,. htijuslD.r?Psimila, !5'down"',upon: :all bipeds. clad'.in.blue, whose legs'are' swathed' in white ,raiment., Beo. he: lying ever so tranquilly in hidt'k'din'el, ,the instant that hated ideaiseuiedtranp is bheard approaching he rusheth fori, isdi,:dog'?#db in arms and eager for the fray, ani iqtitacls the detested fog wit th n/if ocitý.ltt wi}i.il t rest content wlit anytl inig ?less fIiling than ,weges, bittenpaut ofthelig.pyfes of?a I -pn stiulanry. So affirmed divers eand', suadry of that veracious force, who described in "iicd' it-i "f'terior rhe ?larfti 'tl" enciiuniters theoy ,sii'a had.)wtlii; 'i iii,3 ondo'g? ' nighilts, and the many e9qapesfrom wholesale de' glutition by this t'b'rrihle" wid'' besa 'At" last,human-not to say X divisional--nature could stand 'it no, longer,, and Sencer-Con,., stable Evans summoned Charles ,Bellin for, keeping such' aerocious monster. ._But Clhailds 'Bellifi bhd a striangoe story- to:relate on his side. ,T said hat the, police were the, vitimseof a ,gross superstition,' op 'a singular halluc.nation, that caused them .'to imriiginesi theysaw; and were set upon, by the ghost of a- Newfolindland dog; who, was actually poisoned a twelvemonth ago,'when similarly complained. of., 'The real: living animal, who is now . o,;.the .premisese .is :a harmless playlul puppy, whith; children con sort. with-on..terms-of.perfectlamity,..and is the son, of.-,the defunct dog, whose spirit tile cddnstabls inim~ie dsai'a wallis'the earth' in her habit as she lived; and:bays:the'mooni with the host':of a' departed: bark. M-'.Aore over-be the dawg ria' Aspirit:. of earth ..or geblin.damneds'f'tisn't!'his. The mother's poisoned-long-ag o -and- the- son'- hase-hbeen sold to theobbmpinpy, wld idildhtain hinm'and pay his registration-fee., .furtermaore,, hp isn't fierce, far less ferocious. 'Mr Miaroeus Rowbottom, the.manager of the "non-pany, wasqulte satisieed to, father tatil e' dag a sins, and to stand in the shoes of the man who had been sudt?inmoded;: '.Hei(Carl',?o ic :Bellin):was a.quiet, inoffensive animal,.:and hiis mothbr 'hadben'well isd trulyp:ioisoned a good' while ago. '-Virioi0's.eonstables maia-' taind'd'tie.tictiidl dii~ede in 'thei 'ish . aiid in Chapll1street of'a very.unaomiable aninsdl who'li vdd 'mtngst the preserves, lit whose +emper" waied nbt '"ireetaied" hty: tleii' ,con-' tiguity,'di'd tlie bench fined Mr Roivbo;eom lo 'for keeping'i 'hdeinbsdied annl. 'of iting' procli'itiees on his promise.: Aa, O)Vai'.*LOADED GuoN.?Tse---: kaniher anrid drier 'of one' of tlihe Sf;'Kilda' omnibens'ses naia~d!ieteli ddckKilight was £ded arowaE again for having put too much human ani mation into his fo?ri:?veliel1 i'biek '-' e 'wned-up tohlavin'g:hihid' fiftei- adeltsE anid two children";' bht ihe'eioppts:to 'taki' iis an outsider when a gentlemas got-! in who refused to i get o'dit' again !'While in t:ihis condition' of oer r'epletin 'be' ws' dibpped upon by a- policeman' at the ?Southi''Yera VEHIcuLAn.-Several drivers bfi.differ. ent .,vehicles came2,to gride in,ai variety of ways. Constable Charles said- Neil Smith'e horse was standing all alobdetby 'liimself out in the street. Neil said no harm.:had',been done. Beiehbh:; deaidir idiet'lhtave been. Likewise said -Neil must,piy, s 6sd.--Con stable White, reported .tht is Thaphxltys have ,hieen"-bo ,obviohs of , those delicate attentions which alcab ien'known to:require that they ought pay 2ns (id a piece for tlheir , - . , . , forgetfulness, which they did. Walthi Clarke left his animal without control, ansi psitdeniani iilboneV e'r' t i t'.nd controll4d him. Clarke's excuse was that the horse's head was strapped to the saddle in suchl way that he~~ ctild nitoibdlt. 'On'tlW?eength of the strap the summons was dismissed. Tiliabsence of lights!on hisjcart which hds brought Altham. up at this, poa rt on- two former occasions, 'but wlhiclr clharge was again postponel for'; the appearance of Thomas Armstrong,; .who?;actually was driving, was at length settled by Armstrong paying a 5s fine,'he admitting that he was the driver at the time, though not occupying the driver's usual seat. OBSCURE GEOLusY. -Probably, loi man has thrown so much light on the formation of the earth's surfs'a'is'Sir Charles Lyell, but Prahbran contractors cannot be tiersuaded to imitate thiat greit geologist>.: They will not throw." light on fori.ations a.,:John S. White, par exanple, got up a " fbrmation"' of his own in. Pine- street, but put no. light! on' it till 'Coiistaile: 'Quiltr' ieini'nistrated aboiiu-the i?iculty of distinguishing the' various strata at' night,'. whe'ri lie5fuck up a candle.. ':' He :had' another: 'formation sii Chapel-street, which was left in the same olbscurity at:half'atter; iidh'ight.?"thea tw6 'scienfic explorations cost him exactly 10s 'd,' h'ing'Ss'. eandh:fo fides; aind" tit pence" 'foi the candle.-Richard Snare fell into, a similari stiaiite and-:s' did Thomas Brown, who constructed his formation ir the-Toorak-road, -near--the-Railway-Station; where he 'had 'a scuffoldr pole standing half} way across the footpath. Each of these enemies of 'enlightenment disbursed. 5s thei'efor. ': TozER.-His CLristian numeitis Thomas, but he acteth not like"a Christidn'towards the children. of his loins. He getteth awfully druiak, and is discovered in that way by Senior-Constable Lawlor, who goeth up to ask him why. he providdth'not ;his daughl ter with' boots: to her' feet and victuals to h'er stomach.- ' He' vowed' ie'! had the most 'affectionate sentiments :towards;his family, and was, without exception, the best father outr. He was discharged, to give him an opportunity of proving his 'goodness. 