GEOLOGY. How eagerly and vainly men struggle to dis cover the age of the world, and still the truth flies from them as the water of Lethe fled from the lip of Tantalus. One chronologist makes it six thousand years old, another six millions, and for aught we know it may be sixty millions, or it may have no no age at all, and be everlasting. If it is true, as philosophers affirm, that matter is indestructable and can only be changed but never annihilated, it would follow as a matter of course that matter in some shape or other has existed throughout all past eternity. We know that the earth has undergone various changes and transitions, and its axis and equator have at any rate more than once changed places with each other. We know that it is laminated with strata which have been de posited at periods immeasurably remote from each other, but we know also that one great convulsion may obliterate all marks of stratifica tion in its crust, and the process would then commence de novo and may have done so before, We know that living creatures-even man him self-dwelt deep, deep amongst those early strata, or when the surface of the globe was down there. In the caves at Natchez, the Natchez man skeleton lay 190 ft. from the present surface of America with solid undis turbed rock, 100 ft thick for his grave stone; another at Los Angelos slept beneath five beds of solid lava, four beds of gravel and one of sand 145 ft. thick; and the old man of Dussel was found at Dusseldorf, in Germany deeper, far deeper than any of these, with flint spear heads, and the bones of extinct animals around him. It is but a few, a very few, years since men first discovered that living creatures, great gigantic animals, tyrants of the ancient preadamite forests had existed before man, but the ancient Mexicans must have seen them face to face in all their power and glory- not like thin ghosts or disembodied creatures, but with all their flesh, and blood, and bones, and tusks, and teeth ; because on the walls of many ancient temples there, representations-- facsimiles of these animals full of strength, and life, and majesty, are most correctly sculptured. Every stride geology makes forward helps to darken chronology, and tends to obscure, and will not illumine. JAMES GRASSIE. 