PRIMITIVE METHODIST CHUECH, KADINA. The anniversary services of the above Church, took place on Sundayand Monday, Sept. 19, and 20\. On Sunday* three excellent sermons were preached by the Iter. J. Goodwin, of Adelaide, who,- though Buffering from a severe cold, did not fail in very favourably impressing the large number who availed themselves of the opportune itd of hearing him. On Monday, a public tea was held, and a large number of friends partook of the good things before them. A publio meeting was commenced at 7 o'clock, the Eev. J. Or. Wright opening with singing and prayer. With a few appropriate re marks he introduced Capt. Tregoweth, of Parara, as Chairman. The Choir then rendered an an them,, after which Chairman stated that it gave him much pleasure to be present. If there was one place m the arorld he liked better than another it was that Church. He had been blessed there in the Church and in the Sabbath School. He had seen sinners crying for mercy there, and that was a grand sight. He should never forget .many of the impressions made upon his mind during his stay at Kadina. Ab he was surrounded by so ' many able speakers he would ii6$ take; up their time. He hoped they would have a good meet ing, good singing, good speeches, and good atten tion, and he felt assured there would be a'good collection. -He would call on Mr Arbon to read the report? Mr Arbon then read a satisfactory reportahoif" ing that £50 had been paid offthedebt'ifflbe 9® last Anniversary. Heiioped they would still nibble away at the remaining debt till all was gone. ? -a-Or ?? The Choir then fevoied the audience with an other anthem. The Ser. J. G. Wright w*s,rety.-giad to see all present. He was not going to make a speech as they had so many strangers on the .platform. TT« was glad to find so much union among the differ ent Churches. We seem to lose^sisht of aU sec tarianism. He almost forgot he was a Primitive Methodist. They were as Christians all one. He was glad to hear of the financial prosperity, but ' was thankful also for spiritual prosperity. About 30 neV members had been admitted Into the Church during the last six months. He was still looting fer greater things. They, wanted more of Christ, -and more of the Holy Ghost in all their Church workings. Not only do preachfers5 need ' th& Spirit to preach, but the people need Him to hear aright, and thoroughly sympathize with , them and thus help them. Bemember the Eng- -" lish motto-"Duty." liet every man do his duty and the "glory "and the "progress"'will cer tainly follow. ; j ?$ The Rev. W. Wilson next addressed the meeting, He was glad to be able to endorse all that Mr 'V Wright had said about friendly intercourse und the passing over of denominational.,'differences. As there were several not occupy much of their he could not do better than of something tiiat > occurred to him while tjjp^ opening prayer was offered-the beBt and the wont thing in the world. The best thing was the "Cross of Christ," 7--;. which is the symbol of the Gospel of Christ ':?§ That Gospel which had been and was still skch^}^*^ blessing to the world. Christ through his gospel' is raising men from sin- making them like him> self. If we are to be saved we must gather aU our energies and throw them into the flood of redeeming love. Religion is personal. We have all at times to go as Moses did .alone on the Mount,; but Jesus meetB withes and giveB us strength and new life. The-wopst thing,id the world in his opinion was-w making the cross of Chris tof none effect," rejecting Chnst.= jfligtifawiri centuries had passed away and now scarcely one one hundredth part of our race knew Christ experimentally. This inighf be accounted for in measure by the feet that religion "had been cor rupted and ChriBt mis-represented. But in Bpite of all opposition souls were' still saved by the preaching of the gospel. He believed things were improving in a spiritual sense in Kadina the tide was gently rising.- He would urge upon all present to decide at- onbe for Christ. They were either serving ChriBt^r/they'were neglecting and if neglecting abuoing thecro&B; ofChrist. The Choir sang another place. . . f f : The Bev. J. Lloyd would follow in thajfoot« steps of his brethren. He came more to sympa thise than to speak, and was very desirous of seeing his dear friend, Mr Goodwin, whom he loved very much. He was glad that Mr Wright was getting so strong again, and that: hiB labours had been so abundantly blessed.^He feared there were many still in KadmawlipiKidnot accepted Christ. How many present-could say, "come Lord Jesus; or, come dear Jesus?" They knew not when their hour would come, and .Bhould be able at any time to say, "even so come Lord Jesus." He hoped they would aU come to Him and that by aud by they would all meet where there is no parting, whsre there is no sin, no cor ruption, but where we shall be for ever with the Lord. Rev. J. Goodwin in rising to address the meet ing said there was but one thing that marred his pleasure in coming before them, and that was a sore throat, that had troubled him. very much on the previous day. He meant to keep in the strain - j that had been already commenced. He always had solemn feelings at such gatherings' as the present, knowing that very much depended on the proper employment of the time allowed him to speak. He looked nponthem alias beings possessed of influence which would affect others either for good or evil. The right key note had been struck "The matchless love of Christ." The love of Chirst the grand motive power, the inspiring es sence of Christian life. And it wab by contem plating the cross of Christ that, we obtained this love to Christ. Thoughts on an object of beauty would awaken feelings in the heart analogous to it. Thoughts on an object of distress and suffer ing would awaken similar feeling. Contemplating on the love of Christ, upon Christ as a Saviour, makes men truly happy and creates this love to him-'twas this that infused life and energy into the various Christian workers. By his' death on Calvary Jesus appeals to all ,"I suffered this for thee, what hast thou done for me ?" and to all he says, as Francis the king said to his men, " He that loves men let him follow me." W ould that all psesenfc were followers of Christ. Some perhaps were ready to say "Yes, Lord, I will follow thee." He was worthy of their best talents-their best days. No one must stand on the same level with him in the affections of the mind. And it was a law of life that when anything seized the mind, ob tained the affections, and became the ruling pas sion, it would manifest itself. This might be seen in the case of a miser a man thrusting for know ledge, or one grasping wealth. And when the soul was devoutly and gladly filled with love to Christ, it would manifest itself in the heart and in the life. It might be laid down as a general law that when there was little love in the heart to Christ there was but little done in his cause*?' when there was great lore to Christ then there was a corresponding actively in the work. The grand est work in life was to assist in raising the fallen. He that winneth -souls is wise." He would now say a little of financial matters. He had ceased to regard this as a delicate matter. The Lord had given them all the privilege of laying one stone after another in his great spiritual temple: One good way of doing this was giving to the Lord of what.be had given to them. What they gave to Christ's glory they gave to their good. . They were not to wait till they had made a pile but give as the Lord blessed them. Throughout his speech the rev. gentleman gave some very happy illustrations," and was listened to with marked attention. .. The'eollection 'was then made, after which the Bev. R. Kelly came forward, assuring thein he would not long detain them with his speech. He had enjoyed the meeting very much. Whilst sit ting there the idea of a wasted life had been the subject of his contemplation. It was a yery sad thing to waste strength of body and mind, and all one's life in the service of sin'. If there were any there who had been wasting their liver up to the present lie hoped thej would now be disposed to give themselves toChrist and {work for Him. The best work performed in this world was from three considerations " Love to God, love to fel low men, and because they could not help it." The eon would shine, so all ChristianB must shine. They wanted human sympathy and help, hut especially did. they need divine power. The power of God sweeps away eveiything. Criticism, mistakes, notes are all forgotten when the power ofGod is with them. In conclusion he hoped all Weirlafifedtions would be given to Christ. The Bev. W- Diment next rose to move a com prehensive vote of thanks, to Bev. J. G-oodwin and-the ©ther ministers on platform, to the ladies for providing-tea, and to the Choir. This was Seconded by Mr Wright and carried with accla mation. ... Tbanksto Chairman was proposed by the Bev. ? J.; Goodwin, and seconded by the Bev. J. G. Wright. \ .. ThiB closed the proceedings. The financial result was very satisfactory. 