miason work I can only tell you that when other feefibgs, such as lore of home and the friend ships of those in England, hare actuated me, I have felt I could not give way to them, but must go. As to the aim which I have before me, I trpfit that my only aim is that I may bring those with whom I shall have to labour into union with Christ.' Mr. Comber, the African missionary, was more natural and confidential In his confession than any of the others. Respecting his' con- Tersion he said : — ' The chief influences leading me to the Saviour were those of a loving and loved mother and an earnest Sunday-school teacher. In looking back to the beginning of decided Christian life I find that I was easily and frequently impressed, though the impres sions would easily wear away.' It was on an Easter Sunday afternoon when his teacher earnestly appealed to him to enter on Christ's work in foreign lands that he resolved to do it. His mind had wavered between Africa and China until the perusal of Livingstone's travels and Stanley's expedition decided him for Africa. Mr. Comber is more practical perhaps than the generality of missionaries. Not being ashamed to own the influence of Philistines like Stanley was a good trait in him. It shone out again Later in a naive remark that ' he looked to a knowledge of surgery and medicine as one of the chief means to find a way to the hearts of the people.' DR. BROCK'S ADDRESS. The dedicatory charge cune from one of the most venerable and most esteemed fathers of the Baptist body, Dr. Brock. 'Men and brethren,' he beean ' we are all under the law of Christ to preach'the Gospel to mankind.' This, he remarked, was a divine comnmad which had never been recalled. He told them 'it was not addressed to the Apostles only, nor to any who after a pretended manner called themselves their successors, but to all believers in Christ.' He ably defended missions from the attacks to which they were subjected by those who said that the religions of the world were more harmonized and systematized than they uEed to be, so that the preaching of the Gospel was becoming almost dispensable, and that missionary labours having had their day might be done away with, and consigned to the moles and tha bats. They had not, he said, nor had the young candidates before them, so learned Christ. They were not to be treated as hewers of their wood or drawers of their water, but as the messengers of the Churches to the glory of God, not in denominational arrogancy, for he was glad to learn from their own testimony that though they had not been baptized they had yet been brought up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord faithfully. He pointed the candi dates to Paul the Apostle as a model missionary, whom neither Buddhism nor Mahommedanism would have offended. The man who had turned the world upside down was the designation accorded to him, and he asked them to look at the apostolic example in regard to the results of their work. Fashionable frivolities all dwindled into nothing through the preaching of the cross, popular philosophies went out like the stars when the sun arose, venerated priesthoods had nothing to do, the crowded temples were turned into eigrrifingnt. solitudes and into most eloquent desolations through the preaching of the cross, demonstrating the power of God to salvation.' A moving scene occurred at the close of Dr. Brock's eloquent discourse. Addressing the rnicalnpnrSna elect, he said : — 'And so, you four honoured brethren here to- day, I bid you, in the name of this congregation, 'God speed;' and when I do so let all the people say 'Amen.' Brother Gammon, God speed to you !' The assembly— 'Amen.' 'Brother Tucker, God speed to you!' The assembly— ' Amen.'1 ' Brother Comber, God speed to you !' The assembly— 'Amen.' 'Brother Carey, God speed to you !' The assembly—' Amen.' Mr. Brock added— ' Carey, name of precious omen, fragrant as the incense to-day in a meeting like this of the Baptist Missionary Society. Thanks be unto God for the William Carey of this day. Ten thousand thanks for the William Carey of fourscore years ago !' TUB PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. The Union proper opened its session on Wednesday (October 6), when the Bev. Alex ander MaaLaren, a Scutch Baptist, but now minister of a large congregation in Manchester, delivered hisinaugural prelection, Mr. MacLuen's reputation has hitherto been of a rhetorical kind, but this year he came out in figures of finance. His purpose was to review the actual condition of the Baptist connection throughout England, and he effected it in a startling manner. 'Referring to their numerical strength in England alone, he said that in a population of 21,487,688 the numbers of the Baptist churches were 135,760. Their stronghold seemed to be in central districts, and the outermost counties were generally the weakest, which suggested that the strength of Dissent did not lie in large towns or manufacturing areas. This was, however, equally true of the Church of England as of any social institution whatever. Their strength was pretty equally distributed over the population. The numerical strength of thair churches seemed of very grave significance; 1,938 ware enumerated, but 100 had not made a return, one-third of the remainder had less than 50 member?, and more than a quarter had less than 100\. The proportion of small churches to a county was a more accurate gauge of their strength -M' the number of church members. Out of 202 churches in nine counties, 120 had less than 50 members, 54 under 100, the total number of members being only 3,334, or an average of membership equal to 27.' Mr. MacLaren threw out a hint to the compilers of the Baptist Tear-book that they need not be so very punctilious in registering every half dozen people who assumed the title of a Baptist church. 'Surely we have cast the drag-net of our statistics quite widely enough when we find it bringing up such strange ecclesi astical creatures as Baptist churches of two members. There are at least three such in our * Handbook;' neither of them, I am glad to say, has a pastor. 'These little Benjamins,' at all events, are not ' there with their rulers f but their pulpits are filled by snpplie?. They are very little for their age, being respectively 6, 15, and 39 years old ; and one of them is said to have a chapel which seats 100 people.' A. PROTEST AGAINST SHALL CHUBCHES. Mr. MaoLaren inclines towards the maxim that small churches mean weakness and Iarjje churches mean strength. He particularly affirmed the impolicy of extreme subdi vision. 'But whilst there are some of these churches,' he said, 'which repre sent nothing but crotchety impracticabla ceas, and others whose decease would become them better than anything in their lives, these are, I believe, a mere infinitesimal portion of the whole. Feeble as the remainder are, faulty as some of them may in many respects be, the life of God is in them ; to us they should be sacred.' The following advice is not, I imagine, super fluous in the colonies any mere than in the rural districts of England :— **One very obvious point is to be chary in prometing the formation of new small churches in these rural districts. Let us increase aa much as we can the number cf places for preaching, but be careful in sanctioning or promoting the formation of churches. The stronger neighbouring churches and the associa tions have much in their power in this respeot, if they would screw themselves up sometimes to do disagreeable things. It is easy to tell when a church is formed for tha spread of Christ's kingdom, and when for the spread of the peacock's tail of self-importance, or the ravan's wing of envy and strife. It is easy for neigh bours to estimate the motives and tha prospects, and a little kindly expostulation, or, where necessary, a little firmness in refusal to sanction, would often be enough to check the origination of places that win never be anything but heart breaks and drags.' MB. SPUBGEOH, THWH CHAMPION. Two remarkable speeches were made on the vote of thanks to the President— the first by the Rev. John. Aids in moving it, when congratu lating the Union on coming round to his long cherished heresy against independency; and the second by Mr. Spurgeon, who owned that he took a somewhat worldly view of spiritual things. In response to Mr. MacLaren's lamant over the smaUness of ministerial incomes he said: — ' I calculate very much % man's love to Christ by the quantity he is willing to give in proportion to what he has got, and up to the present moment I have never found a test that is more available. It generally comes to the correct thing in the IoDg run, for 1 find that the great talker and even the wonderful gusher dos3 not last nearly as long as the person who gives th two mites that make a farthing! being all her living. The money matter somehow puts metal into grace— (loud laughter) — and makes it last all the longer. I am sure that from the address we have heard a great deal of mischief will come in this way. The endowed Churches will say, ? We always told you so ; this is the result of your voluntary principle;' and they will begin at once to deal out very severe reflections upon us.' His reply was ' Let them.' The better way as he had always found it when any thing was wrong was to drag out all the truth and give your antagonist every advantage he could get from it Thus you cleared yours *lf of the evil and secured all the preponderating good. About the srnallneaa of the stipends, he did not withhold his own opinion. When the Augmentation Aid Society commenced the average income of their pastors was £75 or £76. It had been raked to £57 with £20 added from the fund. 'There are some members of our Churches,' he proceeded, ' who pay more to black their shoes than to supporc our ministers. (Hear, hear, and laughter.) I am certain there are many farmers that pay more for their licence to shoot than they ever subscribed per annum to listen to the Gospel of Jesus Christ. It is really to me scandaUm that we should have to subscribe to this Society since in tome cases there is no necessity whatever that the pastor should deceive any aid from a Society. The s}stem of pew-rents have been the death of us on account of fixing a shilling a quarter — a shilling a quarter! (Laughter.) Two sermons every Sabbath day— give them the week days in —a halfpenny a sermon. (Laughter.) Brethren I am astonished at you that your sermons are not worth more than that. (Laughter. )'* ? BtTTBING MINISTERS' AND WIDOWS* FOND. Notwithstanding Mr. Spurgeon's joke about the way not to get a thing done being to leave it to the Baptist Union, the Union is not afraid to undertake more work. Daring the past year a Committee has been at work under the presidency of Dr. Landells on a scheme for more effectually providing for superannuated ministers and widows. Tkeie are several funds already existing in- the denomination, but all are very partial and poorly organized. One of them, started 12 years ago under the name of the National Society, was meant to superannuate all ministers who subscribed to it, but the sub scriptions having been fixed too low in a few years the books had to be closed against new applicants. It was now contemplated to continue this, and the other isolated schemes in one fund to be ad ministered under the control of the Union. Dr. Landells' Committee had spent a long time over the gestation of their proposal, and it was hardly expected they would be ripe for adoption that year, but the President's address Trad one or two other circumstances gave it a fillip, and in a moment of zeal the scheme was adopted. Its tenor is shown in the following resolutions, pro posed by the Rev. C. Williams, of Accrington, and seconded by Mr. A. T. Bowser, of London:— ' That this assembly, recognising the great need of a denominational fund for the assistance of aged or infirm ministers and of ministers' widows, hereby resolves — 1. To establish a fuud to be called 'the Baptist Union Annuity Ftfhd,' or as the Commitee should otherwise determine. 2\. To refer the schsme now before the assembly to the Committee of the Union for revision, instructing them to confer with the representa tives of existing funds having similar objects, with a view to their co-operation to decide upon a scheme and to appoint a Committee of Manage ment. 3. To request tha Bev. C. M. Birrell, Dr. Brock, Sir S. M. Peto, Bart., Messrs. W. Middlemore, R. Cory (Cardiff), and W. S. Caine (Liverpool), to solicit contributions towards a Capital Fund, and to hold the same until the fund shall be fully organized. 4. Further, that the first annual report be presented at the meeting of thB Union at Birmingham in October, 1876. The itev. C. Williams mentioned, amidst applause, that Sir Morton Peto had volunteered to devote the next few months to a personal canvass in aid of their benevolent fund. Mr. Bowser explained that the proposed scheme would afford to ministers of 30 years of age and undar, by a subscription of £50, an opportunity of securing after retirement £45 a year. The Rev. B. C. Youcg, of Moseley, as Secretary of the National Baptist Society, having supported the scheme, Sir Morton Peto said that, as trustee of the Lady Hewley Fund, ho had the pleasure of dividing amongst the members of the denomination an amount exceeding £2,000. He heartily approved of the scheme now proposed, but they must see that it included the enlargement of the incomes of existing minister?, to whom aid should be rendered as a Christian privilege, and in that spitit by them accepted. He believed the Churches needed awakening on the subject, and he had no doubt the scheme, which had recsived the most careful actuarial consideration and united aid of the various bodies in the denomi nation, would produce the consolidated action which would enable them effectively to secure the removal of the present reproof attaching to them as Noncon'ormists.' THB CLOSS OF THE SESSION*. The Union session ended with a public meeting in the Guildhall, which was packed full, for Mr. Spurgeon was to be among the speakers. He was running over with anecdote and sarcasm. In the full flow of his humour he said :— ' A Christian by bis likeness to Christ can let the world see what ChriBt has come into the world to do. But you must not be content with that, because I do not like people who say that their example is doing a great deal of good, and that they will not do anything more. They remind ma very much of the young man who advertised thai; he should be very glad to have a bed and breakfast in a home where his Christian example would be considered as sufficient recompense. (Liughter.) Up to the latest time of goiDg to press I have not received any information that that gentle man has obtained lodgings on these terms. (Renewed laughter.)' Another good story he aimed at the non political Christian:— 'I have met,' he saii, with some people lately— bless their heart3, they are very good souls, but they are a shade too good for me— (laughter)— they would hardly like to hear Mr. MacLaren's paper about ministers' incomes, because it looked a little worldly, and as a general rule they believe that Christians are sent into the world for spiritual things only. I went to vote at the last olectian for a Liberal. (Laughter and applause.) I was met by a brother, who said that he was astonished that I, who professed to be a citizen of heaven, should go to vote. I said, 'Well, you knov. I have got an old man, and he is a citizen of this earth.' 'Yes,' he slid, 'Vat you ought to mortify him.' I said, ' That is what I do, for he is a Tory.' (Roars of laughter.) I thought, you know, that I was as much a citizan in my own country as a'citizen of heavec, and that as I should expect the policeman to help me if I were knocked down in the street, I ought not to take the privileges that belong to a State, and then shirk theresponsibiiitie?, so I went to give my vote.' THE BAPTIST UNION AT PLYMOUTH. I By our Special Correspondent I London. October 30. The Baptist Union held its autumn meeting this year down in the direction of Land's Sad — one of the green spots in its field of operations, tt was an unusually large muster, and the pro ceedings were important, boto. in respect to home and missionary operations. Tke expecta tion that Mr. Spurgeon would attend drew together all his party in the Church, which has hitherto rather held aloof. Tho pastor of the Tabernacle had not come too soon, for it turned out that the Baptists feel keenly the crisis which is impending in the ranks of Dissenters. About five hundred ministers assembled for the meeting, and it did not eccape remark among them that at the same season 255 years ago the passengers by the Mayflower had held their farewell services in the same town.- This coiuct. denes was, however, not much alluded to at the public meetings of the Union. Af tor all, indeed, the Baptists are themselves quite as venerable a body as the Pilgrim Fathers. The preliminary preacher was the Rev. J. P. Chown, of London —a man who interested himself deeply in Messrs. Moody and Sankey's evangelistic labours. His sermon was aa avowed argu- Kent for revivalism, founded on the Pente costal passage in the Acts of tho Apostles:— 'And when they bad prayed the place was shaken where they were assembled together, and they were all filled with the Holy Ghost, and they Epake the word of God with boldness.' The late revival reminded him, said the preacher, of the work in the Primitive Church alluded to in the text, the conditions and the means em ployed beiDg very sinjilar. The results might, he urged, be utilized for permanent labour in contributing to the advance of the Divine glory, Buch results being considered in the spirit of prayer that they might enkindle a fervent deter mination on the part of all who knew the Lord to deepen instrumentally the work in the mindB of men and to extend its influences in the world around. Amongst the results produced by the movement he named the generally awakened interest in evangelistio efforts, and thought it might subserve as a power hitherto unknown. Then there were a great number of persons whoso attention had been excited, their consciences aroused, and their minds impresEod, but who were still unconverted, and aot brought into association and fellowship with the Churches. These should be brought in. Many a man who could not preach to twenty people could speak to a Simeon who should be afterwards blessed to the conversion of thousands. The movement had also had great interest and power iu relation to the public press, which had reported the proceedings with becom ing accuracy and propriety, thus disseminating the truth where otherwise it would never have reached. If these means were rightly used by the Church he believed the press, the railway, the post, and the telegraph would assuredly become her instruments for good till her praise should be declared, and the Saviour made known the wide world over. THB MISSIONARY MEETINQ. As a body the Baptists are probablymore proud of their missionary achievements than of anj thing in their history at home. The missionary designa tion service therefore precedes all ordinary busi ness. Mr. Cowan's sermon having been delivered on the Monday night, October 4, the missionaries were introduced on Tuesday— four of them. Dr. N. Carey, a grandson of the distinguished founder of the Serampore Mission, and the Rev. W. H. Tucker, both going to India; Mr. J. T. Comber, destined for Africa; and and Mr. R. EL GammoD,astudentoftheMetropolitan Tabernacle College, for Turk's Island. Tho service took place in the George-street Chapel, which has a history honoured by Dissenters at large. Dr. Prance, a local Baptist mitister, who presided at the meeting and welcomed the delegates to Ply mouth, told them thoy had there one of the oldest histories in tho West of England. ' So far back as the year 1648 tbat particular church in which they were assembled numbered 150 members. It must therefore have existed many years pre* viously, and many of its members must have been amongst those who kindly entertained tha Pilgrim Fathers when they wore detainod in Plymouth previous to their departure for America. The service of that morning,' he con continued, ' had a peculiar interest. Four young brethren were about to consecrate them selves to the service of the Master in foreign lands. One of them at least was well known to them, and they looked with peculiar interest and sympathy on him as the grandson of Dr. Carey, the veteran of their Indian mission. He trusted their visitors to the Conference would ba able to go away, as did the Pilgrim Fathers of oH, calling the place 'New Plymouth.' Dr. Underhill, the Secretary to the Baptist Missionary Society, described tho stations to which the young mis sionaries had been severally appointed. Dr. Carey was going to Delhi, where their mission had prospered greatly since tbo mutiny. It had been a question with the Committee if they should venture back again into the stronghold of Mohammedanism, but Mr. James Smith, the original missionary, had offered to go at all hazards. He and his assistant, Mr. Gayton, had formed four or five Churches with about fire hundred native converts. Dr. Carey, who has been educated as a medical missionary, will relieve Mr. Smith, who must return home on rick leave. Mr. Tucker will be stationed in some part of Bengal still undecided. In that province the Society has about 50 churches and fully two thousand converts. Mr. Comber is finishing bis medical studies with a view to settling In Central Africa. Dr. Underhill, who has himself been in Africa, gave the Africans credit for being the hardest material to evan* gelize of all heathens. Mr. Gammon's lines woold fall in pleasanter places at Turk's Island. Dr. Underhill said: — 'The Bahamas have bean now for some 40 years the scene of our missionary labours, and in the resuit about one fourth of the entire population are in connection with our mission. He will find there about five hundred members belonging to our ohurohes, but there is a large population of several thou sands that still need the elevating and purifyiae* influences of the Gespel of Christ These people are very poor; they live on rooky islands, very unproductive. They have suffered of late from the diminution of their trade in salt, but they are now cultivating fruits, such as pineapples, and maize, and the like, and are obtaining a very poor and moderate amount of living. How ever, they are none the less worthy of the affec tion of the Christian Church,' THE CONSECRATION QUESTION'S. In the Church of England a clergyman accepts consecration at the hands of bis Bishop; amoog the Baptists he is asked if he has con secrated himself. When the assembly had baan informed of the several missions to whioh they were designated, the Rev. H. Sampson, of Felix stowe, put the customary questions to them— 'What are the circumstances which brought jou to Christ, and led you to defote your life to flis service ? And having answered that ques tion, will you kindly tell us what are the reasons which have induced you to consecrate yourselves to the work of a missionary, and what ia your aim, and how do you propose to attain it '{' Dr. Carey repbed to the first that his conver sion ' had been a gradual thing,' and ha could recollect no particular circumstance which brought him to his Saviour. He had bean baptized at the age of nineteen by the Rev. Albert Williams, of Calcutta. To the second question he answered, that ' if one thing more than another influenced me (n my choice of this profession, it was the recollection that a great ancestor o? mine had done so much for the causa of Christ iu India. I recollect when quite a little boy telling my mother that it was my wish to enter the mission £eld. She was de lighted to hear such a thing, and always encou raged me to think of being a missionary. I reool* lect also on one oooasion when I went to Serampore, where I was born, I visited the grave of Dr. Carey, and there it was that I offered a special prayer that God would make me His servant.' Mr. Tucker's account of his conversion was full of good advice to hia hearers how the pro c«8 Bhould work in themselves. I imagine Baptist congregations at home should be grateful at home for Mr. Tucker's decision to go to Bengal. Mr. Spurgeon's young friend, Gammon, also framed his anwers dogmatically. He h-wl no startling revelation to make about his con version, and he thought tho men converted in a general way were most eligible for mission work. To the second question he replied:— ' When yoa ask me what were the circum stances which led me to devote my life to Chriet or to specially set my life apart for 