. ' ®br:uiMrM ' Bx A BOHKWIAN. ? ? ; ? I don't know whotlior you, my intelligent reader, take ''any ' particular iriterest'in ' tW' problem whioh the present Ministry nvo trying , to. solve respecting Crown lands selected and ' held in violation- of the conditions -under wliioli tlio said lands were taken up ? If you don't, this note will bore you, and therefore $ltip, it before going any further.,, But if you don't tako any interest in the matter you ought to do so, consequently I airi' justified in boring you about it, aud 'if you'-do1, skip this note or any notes on the Bubject-T-.why the time will . comb . . ^riion you wiil wish ypu hadn't — or if such a. K timoVdoes jiqti 'eoftie — 'then so much the worse \ j-tw JOB. It ^s' one of your most important ' f - duties as a colonist, a settlor, and a voter to have ? -.?®W clear and deoidod. views , upon the Crown land question, so as to be able at ' a moment's notice to give an authoratutive opinion, or cross-examine and test in the most Boai ehing manner, any. ..candidate, for Legisla- . torial honours, or any empiric .who, presumes to dogmatise. In point of fact, if you are not — . well up in the land question you have no right talk local politics at all — because you don't . ' know anything: 'about' them. ? All 'Australian » g politics are included in this one question. It ' \- ' ' Underlies ail other questions, and ia ftt Uio bottom of' political controversies in which a .superficial observer or a ' new olium ' -would least expcct to 2nd it. jBesides', as theold lady, very truly observed, ' although we are born we are not yot buried,' and who can tell what wo ; may have to turn our' banc! -to before we; die ? We are not all lucky, arid it' might be tlie lot of any ono of us to have to represent or misrepre sent a'constituency in our Legislative Assembly. . If such should be jour-, fate — what . could I we say or do if we didn't 'understand the land question? . j v\ But I .am wandering ^Awdy from the point I | ?wished t.i illustrate. It is quite certain. that the ilacalister Ministry cannot stand for very long, arid more. than .possible that they will not weathor through the next session. If you want to get ready, for the crisis you must keep your, self well posted up in tho doings ofthe Ministry in the meant^he; arid this is what they are now doing, — They are giving deeds of grant to all v selectors undpr. the Act of 1866 who can make v any decent show ofhaving fulfilled the conditions during the currency of their leases — whether they complied 'with tlio conditions during the firBt twelvemonths after selection or not- The Opposition journals have proved as clearly as possible that if the dictum of Mr. Justice Lilley, in whioh the other judges concurred ttt- the recent trials in the Supreme Court, is worth a rap, then the Premier, taCtirig for tlie Minister ?for Lands has no Tight whatever to i'sbuo uuch t ?deeds of grant, and that tltfe^ W not' n the ?parchment they are written upon.,; And yet Macalister, obstinately. and perversely, will ? insist upon ppsing suoh deeds, and the Aicting ?Oovcrnor signB them.. This must, be a attaining _ ?of the Constitution, you' know ! ? ! This ia over/ ; ?riding the law with a, Vferigeance/arid the Beleij. 1 ?tors ought riot' to apply'for or, accept deeds of^ -grant for their lapd;under such bircum'stanpe^. ; _ s What they ought to do— what'it is .'their 'oleat '' duty to do— is, to (refuse, their dbeds 6f grant, ' join with tho big diimmiors in getting rid of the MacaliDfer Ministry, and putting a Ministry 'composed of the leading , duminiers ..in , their . places, Then there could be a general- and ; sweeping 'Quieting of Titles Bill' passed, the ten years' leases For the half runs in the ?settled districts could be renewed at a reduced cental, -and a (fresh start made towards staVirig ' off population from. the best paatoiral country. It will have to come to this Booner or lateiybut the lniBehief is Vding done now., \Whan these ' illegal deeds of grant are issued: — who is going ., to dispute their validity ? That's the artfulness bf Macalister. Even :a ministry composed en tirely of dummiers daren't do it. No squatting ministry ever had the pluck to insist upon tlie fulfilment of anyof the oqnditionB under whioh Crown land w As taken up, and while on the ono hand they dare not give deeds to all their friends whose claims were doubtful, they never attempted to eject them from their holdings' or try their olainiB in a court of law. It.iajuataB lik&y; as not that a largo majority of the 'small selectors under the act of 1866 of whose WhA fides thore is no doubt, will be mean spirited arid mercenary enough to accept dPeds of grant from isrid through MacaKstiSr and Stephens, and rest ? satisfied that their titles are quite good ;enough for their purpose. There is an awful lot of these claims falling due juBt about now, and will-; be during the noxfc few months, and Macalister^ is making hay while the sun shines. - Isn't j it awful to think of ? Between you and me, I don't knaW frhat . the' colony is coming , to — such titter, and reck less disregard of law and justice, as is, being ' manifeBtod ip : all direotionB. Gniy :the other day ^be po)ioe wpre pestered with coqi plaints from visitors at Sandgate about ladies bathing , in the place. s^t apart for gentlemen, and gentle* . men bathing, in tho place set apart for ladieBi and some of the gentlemen' bathers, in Buoh Garden of Eden costumo, os shocked the nerves of other gentlemen and- ladies who might be walking along the beach or watohing the bathers from the Esplanade through good opera or binooular field glasses. The police authorities durst not disregard the complaints, and did not know exactly how to effectually remove the ground of them. It was at first proposed to issue a proclamation compelling gentlemen whobathed simply ' in the buff' to keep their faoes sea wards all the timo they wore bathing, and walk baokwards to the spot where they left their clothes. After careful consideration and profound discussion this plan was abandoned. So wore a number of other plans, until at length it was deoided to post up a notice prohibiting bathing in indecent coBturae or no coBtume at all between $ certain hours of tho day. But the notice to this effeot had to go through several official hands before it could be issued, 'and during the passage through, the qualifying clauBO was dropped, so', that by the time it reached Sandgate it whs a -' notice prohibiting bathing under any conditions during the houra stated. This ' roused tho British lion.' The Acting-Governor and euite- the Ohief Justice and his family were down at Sandgate, and were nmong the most persistent ? of the bathers. Tho Acting-Governor sont telegrams to tho polioo authorities denouncing the order as arbitrary, unreasonable, and an unjustifiable iritorferonoo with the liberty of the' subjeot. ThoChief Justice Bet to work, hunted up ' legal authorities, arid telegraphed to the Colo- : uial Seoretary that he ' was prepared to prove, '. either by d written or 'oral arguinent of tlie i most exhaustive character, that the order was utterly at variance with the common law of the land— and threatened to como'up to Brisbane at «nco and stale his argumontatlengthortolegraph it. to tho Colonial Secretary in full unless tho order was immediately withdrawn. ThiB did the business.1- Macalister can Bland a good deal on a pinch, but a horrible ? throat liko ? this mado , him .Cave in at ouco, and the order was with drawn. Now everybody bathes in j list suoh manner as is moBt to his or hor taste, and prudish ladies ijnd bashful, gentlemen use their opera glasses tnoro assiduously than ever — in lordor to sob for themselves to what depths of indecency some people are prepared to go: ' Every now and again somebody in Brisbano or the neighbourhood has- a fling in the ribws paporo at the A.SiN. Company for tho manner in ^vhioh tliey treat tli'eir Queensland oustomers. It amuses tlio writers, and does no manner of ' harm to the company. Tlie directors of that company knoW- their customers too well to fret or fume over such criticism, mucu '°88 to make any eflfort to reinody the defects .oomplained of. The fact does not scam to bo goriorally under stood here that this company mainly consists of a body of New South Walds merchants and capitalists, whoje main object is to make -good dividends by tlie speculation.. If in addition to this they can improvo the biiSinesB of SydtieJ at ? the- okpenSe ot , Brisbane, Without interfering xritli the dividends, why they are justified in doing it. If by a little dodging of their boatB bo as to keep Queensland peoplo out of their English letteis for a few days oxtra.they can get a subsidy from the Queensland Government for -carrying the. said mails, or having a subsidy can increase it — why they are equally justified, bocause it's a perfectly safe game to play on Quecnslandefa. Thoy only grumble. If as. opposition boat starts,- all that thd A.S.N. Com pany have to do ia to start a boat from the same place, at the eamb timo, oil tbe Bume trip, with A Speoial tariff of charged o'rily twop'dnce beloif tlio opposition boat, and the^iieonBlande's patronise the company in preference — and chuckle over the savings thojr thus. make. If a Premier of thecolony hasasteamerbuilttorenderthepejple hero independent of the company in the carry- ' ing of mails — wily au agitation is got up against that premier, ho is ignominiously kickcd out,f arid his Bteamer is sold to the company at hal the cost price. If an effort is made to form a local company to run in opposition to the A.S.N. Company, the- bulk of the looal merchants, , im- , porters, and exporters 'fight shy of it, won't take, shares, and won't promise to patronise the rival boats unless their bharges aro lower than those the A.S-.N. Oohijiariy aW' Aiilitig to riih tiielr' bbats at in competition with their new rivals. ' Under these circiirnstances I consider - ' the A.S.N. Company is' Abundantly justified in', making as good a harvest SUt of tlieir Qtteeris ^ Mild trade tootjiay.-can,— don't you ?, ; j., :- I am not at all sure who is to be Mayor -of - Brisbane next year— arid; bytwpfln- ?' ourselves I don't much caveV fi t otijedfe to 'tiie ' piace b^Sli^ obtained by ' bribery and corruption.' .'No; 'fair play is bonny play,' all the world over. I do not mean to say that there has been £ariy actual bribery up to the present, but I put ifc-to you, my dear reader, whether it does not 'lbok'tsuspicious when an aldsrmari Who wants : tb be mayor presents; another alderman who. hasn't -the ghost of a chance — with a new hat as a Christmas box ? I am credibly informed that one alderman has been tempted in this manner. But I am happy to add that the alderman yho accepted the preseut has a bigger head than the average, and tho bat seemed to get smaller and ' smaller the . dfteUer ho put it on, until Ho# lie eaiiriot wear it at aii. He has tried ' to stretch by warming it and putting his knee; inside— but it won't etretcli. It . still keepB shrinking,- and the owner -is, mad about it, and says he ;',l(vin ,; see ;the . donor. - atr .. Jerusalam; before; ,;ho ,.- -will, vote, for him as Mayor. This isjusthowit ought to: be, but still I don't like oar aldermen to be tempted in this faBhion': just ' on ' the evo'of a municiijal election. : That hafc 'might have' been a good ilt - and a ' nobby' Sort of hatt' Whioh' an alderman who had no ohance of being Mayor tfotlld have been proud to:put oh his head-. Could lie) with ' such a hat on his head, voto against the donor; however unfit he might_ think him to hold th-- . position?; I don't think aiiy alderman would have the; hiaVt' to do such a tiling. Then it Wottid be bribery and corruption.' 