SOUTHERN NEWS. (Prom the Mercury.) The second heat for the Club Cup (the first of which waft won on January 9th by the Iris) was sailed, as advertised, en Saturday afternoon, and resulted in a victory for the Commodore's boat, Foam. Mr Gucsdon again officiated as Ftarter, and despatched the four competitors entered, viz., Garibaldi, Flcctiring, Iris, and Foam, at six minutes past three, half-an-hour after time, owing to Ihe non-arrival, as usual, of the Klectringat the warp. After passing the Slaughter house Buoy in the following order, Flcct wing, Garibaldi, Foam, Iris, four minutes after starling, tbe boats separated In their different methods of beating down to (he buoy off Sandy Bay 1'nint, and it was difficult to say which hod that great dctidtra turn, the ' weather gauge' until with the aid of a good binocular It was seen that they rounded as follows :-Foam, 4h. 3iuin. ; Iris, 4h. 4min. 30sec. ; Flcetwing. 4h. 5ro!n. S5sec. i Garibaldi, 4h. Tmio. tscc. Square sails were immediately set, and a magnificent ruu back resulted, but without altering their relative positions. In this order, too, (he second round was made, except tliat the Garibaldi, by a bit of capital Foiling, iu Ihe Inst run borne, managed to fipislj A length ahead of the Flcetwing. The race terminated by the Foam puling the winning post at 5h. Ifimin.; Iris, 5Ii. I'mln. 45sec. ; Garibaldi, 5h. 39min. Ubcc i FlsHwIng, ih. .19mln. 23sec. As the Iris had lo allow the Foam half a miuutc, the Commodore thus wins by ijmln. After a delay of some wocki, during which some necessary arrangements were made, the furnace at the Dcrwcnl Iron Works was lit on Monday, 1st Instant, and on Friday the first carting was made. Since then, several tons of iron were turned out, ft is superior In quality to any yet made, and will no doubt command a ready sale. The furnace and everything connected with (he establishment has been so far acting satisfactorily, and in a very short time there will be such a stock of iron as will Bet at rest all doubu as to the success of tbe works, even In the minds of those who have been sceptical regarding the speculation. Trains will run to and from Hohart Town on next Thursday and Friday, a- follows .— from Uobort Town at 9.S0. IO.|i,|l^ 11.45, and It JO ; and from Olenorchy to IJobart Town at 4.45, S.SO, 6.16, 7,andT.«S. No tingle tickets will be issued, and return tickets will bo available on the day of issue only. Passengers are requested to provide tbe exact amonnt of fare, as change cannot be given at the ticket offioe. The arrangements for Ills Exoellenoy the Governor malting a tour through the island on horseback hare been completed, and we are enabled to nuke the following announce ment of tho period of starting and route. His Excellency will aet out on Monday next, tbe Hlh inst, accompanied by his private secretary (MrWeld-Blundell)and an orderly. Ills Excellency will first proceed to New Norfolk, whence, proceeding by Gretsa Green and Macqnarfc Plains, he will reach Hamilton, From Hamilton he will travel the somewhat rough but romantic roaOUi Bothwell, From that the tarty will find their way to Tonbridge, boss, Campbell Town, and laanceiton, arriving at tbe ust fuunM place on or about Saturday, the SOth Inst. At Launceston His Excellency will hold a levee, and he will remain there till after the races. After the races Ilii t'xcel leney will probably continue his tour, pro ceeding through the western districts; and should facilities offer, It Is Ilia Excellency's wish to proceed as far as Mount Blscboff, and then, on bis return from Launccston, diverge into the Flogal districts, and, we should hope, proceeding by Bt. Mary's 1'ius to Falmomh and George's nay. We understand thai Capuin Chandler has invited a party of friends to accompany him on Thursday next in the U.S.B SwaUra, on a trip up ttie river, to a point opposite the rciwick racecourse. At last we have a solution of that pteudo phantom which ha- for several nights past attracted a crowd of people to the neighbor hood of St. George's burial ground, and which some persons hare been foolioh enough lo Imagine was a 'ghost.' On Sunday evening, about a quarter to 10 o'clock, Cap lain Williams, formerlv of the Kettrcl, with two relatives, was passing up the Sandy Bay road, when he beard screams coming from the direction of Mr Onbome'e house. On going there, he found two young women in a fainting condition, occasioned, as he after wards found, by their having seen the some thing in white, popularly known as ' the ghost .' Captain Williams, who was assisted by a young man, at once began searching in the paddock ndjoinlnsr, and amongst the briar bnshes he found a white skirt, a white hood, and a pair of stays. Then they espied a white object at the back of the fence, and pursuing it, soon found I hit It was ft young woman. Sho had a companion in the shape of a young man, who tt seems had been wearing the skirt and hood, but had r'ckly thrown them off, and decamped, the kness enabling him to get away along St. George's Hill. The young woman was Ihua left alone ; and In reply to uapt. wil Ikmi, she said that herself and the young man had been attracted to the spot by the cries of tbe two females who had been frightened, and that the young man had ran away because Captain Williams called out ' shoot him, shoot him,' which that gentle man positively denies having done. In reply to another question, the young womau said her companion's Christian name was Arthur, but she did not know his surname. Later in the evening, iiowcver, she went to Captain Williams' house, and gave that gentleman a card, with the uame ' Arthur ? 'thcreon.saying that that was the name of her companion, who wished to see Captain Williams at his office the next morning. Captain Williams remarked to her that it was very strange she should hare the card of the young man whom be believed confi dently to be the ' ghost,' and asked her why the person whose name is on the card did not come personally instead of sending her ? The girl merely replied that she did not like to give his name at first, because Captain Williams might think he was the ghost,' which that gentleman unquestion ably does believe. He informs us also that he saw another young man and woman in Osborno's garden near the side of the fence, find also a third young man, and he bellercs that the ' ghost' affair was a planned thing amongst Ihe lot of them. Tile neighbors suit: that the ' ghost' has always started on Ills brief tour from or near Oshornc's parden, which ia an excellent place for escaping, as the fence can easily be jumped over, am) the trees act as a screen froni any ftcarcne rs- The above particulars have been reported lo the police, and no doubt steps will bo taken to punish the parties guilty of this absurd hut dangerous fr,ak. Shortly after (Ire o'clock on Monday evening a man named George Wells, a shipwright, In the employment of Mr .1 McGregor, on reaching shore, after having completed a day's work on board the Swatara, was seized with a sudden fit of coughing, which caused a blood vissel lo burst. TJlis being observed by the by staudcrs,thcy sent for a cab, and Wells wns promptly placed in it. After the cab hod proceeded a short distance It was discovered that the poor fellow bod died. The body of the deceased was'taicon to his late home, at Mr McGregor's shipyard. We believe that the deceased leaven a wife and six children. On Monday afternoon, while a buggy and pair, belonging to Mr Joshua Moore, was standing outside the Cascade Brewery, the horses suddenly took fright, anil bolted down ilacquarie street at a furious rale, coming Into collision with n coal cut stand ing in the street. The buggy was almost smashed (o pieces, and one of the horses severely injured. 