PROTEST AN T F R I E N D L Y ' ; . ' -/ ' SOCIETIES;' - -' ; "/' Our account.of; Protestant activity in New South Wales would be incomplete' were we to "oinit all mention of the Protestant Friendly, Societies 'which aro'already grown .up into considerable strength.- One of the two which, have the distinctive character of admitting none to be 'members., but those who . are recommended - Protestants, has been in existence, for several years, and has. held throughout, an important and influential position. The. benefits. which it has offered and given have been first-class, as its funds , have always been more than sufficient for all. the demands. But in numbers of membership this original " Protestant Friendly Society" has been far outstripped by "its younger rival; " the Extended 'Order." It has, in the course of two or three years, sprung from one to many lodges ; which, are to be found beyond the colony. . Its Grand Lodge meets once a year, and transacts important business' for the whole society; and its thousands of constituents seerii to hang well together in their common desire to provide for the exigencies of sickness and death, and to make the time of sorrow and pain and 'bereavements as endurable as possible by its sympathy and aid. We jgreatly rejoice in the excellence and prosperity., of,, these. Protestant -societies. They create a brotherhood which is very desirable. They induce habits of thrift and sobriety and forethought. They are especially valuable to the younger men who are settling" in life. A young mnr> who has just married has,' in membership iii these societies, :a sort of security that, if he be laid aside,, medical attendance will be at hand without the prospect of everything being exhausted to pay for the doctor and medicine ; and, then, in the event of death, there is this very substantial and satisfac tory comfort that mo urnirig shall not be intensified " by the thought that there is pinching poverty/' It is right that in such a brotherhood, in which the question of religion cannot but be prominent, there should be the ; unity which a common Pro testantism guarantees. We are glad-to say that, the usefulness of these societies being now so generally admitted, and the general management giving such perfect satisfaction, hundreds are monthly being enrolled as members. ; / We are supposed to be satisfied with the assurance which the Premier and the Inspectorof Policehavegivenconcerningthe procession which is to walk to-day, that it is national and not sectarian. The reason is very peculiar which has satisfied these two guardians of the law, that no breach of the law will take place. It is not sec tarian, say they, because the Working Men's Society intend to walk, and because St Francis' Temperance Society are to walk, and because other societies have been asked and have not sent answers ! These are the reasons given for the state ment tliatthe procession is to be "national." Really it surprises one how easily Govern ments and police inspectors are satisfied when those troublesome and rowdy people, the Papists, are concerned. Such reasons or statements would never satisfy them if other people were proposing to have pro cessions, simply because when they are dealing with Papists they know that they have the power and the will to revenge interference, while in dealing with" others they know that they will rather suffer in justice than resort to threatening and violence. Everybody but the Government and the .Inspector of Police saw that the invitations: which the O'Connell com mittee issued to other societies were issued for the purpose of deceit. Any temper: ance society, or working men's society, which inarches in a procession with the Papal mob in .honour of O'Connell, does what it. cannot, have a right to do/as a society; and .forces, its members to counten ance a demonstration foreign/to the object' for -which (itr exists. ' Every such society ought to: .'see, that it, maks ; itself a mere cover to . enable ; the. Papal ' party to break the law. , . :Were no.'such .society, to walk; the Government and Inspector of Police would ' admit that the '/procession is' sisc? tar ian ; but; forsooth,' because the .\y orking men's society and the :temperarice society of - " 'St. Francis' "—a Papal- society itself —are/ proposing to join, tlie procession will become so. national . that the "Party Processions Act " . will:, not be broken by it. " National " — yes, in-. :the sense that it will.be Papal Irish ; but/it'is.an insult to say that this/ O'Connell demonstration, notwithstanding: the vast number of free invitations which have been issued, and the immense drumming up of Christians of other denominations,'' is . any thing else but a Popish demonstration ; ... and before long it will bo: abundantly referred to' as showing the .Government and country how strong- and vigorous, the Papal party is. O'GonneiTs centenary is, quite a godsend to the priests. Tney cannot' eiiter very particularly into O'Connell's life or princi ples ; but they can take hold of his name as a thorough "Catholic" to .cajole the Catholics; and as a; " thorough friend of civil : and religious liberty " . .to 'Wheedle the Protestants ; arid this ,is- quite enough to suit their purposes— viz., to get money for St. John's: : College, and next to rally their forces for political' manoeuvring. "We, are glad to know that the- Protest ant friends in Queanbeyan have' appealed to-jthe House respecting the recent outrage of : certain Papists on, the British . flag; They complain in their petition; of indiffer ence or want of zeal on the part of the police. The explariatipri of the indiffer ence is this, that three out ; of the four police in the district -are papists.' "What style of. Papist Seriior-sergeant Brennari is, may be learned from the fact that oh Sim- day, IS th July, lie rnade a.patriotic speech jn favour of Dan. O'Connell and his' noble efforts- against the British Government! What connexion this riray liave with his slackness , .respecting the tearing down of the Union , Jack flying, -over the place where' Orangemen had met, may be 're garded as very remote ; but we are quite sure that if the flag had been green, arid especially if it. had had; the harp without the crown, the police , under this noble sergeant would have tracked out the guilty violators, if they had torn it down. : We know perfectly that some Romislfpolicemen are as honest and true as Protestant ones could be ; but we : are : certain also 'that these are the /exception. The ; one in Mel bourne, who accompanied, the. Jesuit priest to abduct the children, Bates,- is the, type of the class. The priest ; is- more to such policemen than the State which employs them. The church is paramount in all their considerations. : The: wonder to 'us is, that the one- Protestant policeman in Queanbeyan has not been "reported" or " bunted " out of the ' district ; for we know; of many, in other , places, who are thus outnumbered and surrounded by Papist sergeants or privates, who have not- the life of a dog, and who .find that they are " reported " out of the service. The petitioners will get no redress from officials. If they want redress they must begin at the beginning and get protectors of the peace whose sympathies are expressed in the " Union Flag." A telegram from Melbourne informs us that within the last few months, since the Romish Church entered upon its pre- sent crusade against the public schools, 5000 Roman Catholic children have been, swept out of those schools into schools which the priests have set up. This ought to convince the most sceptical that the Romish Church grasps at political power, and exercises a domination dangerous to the State. There cannot be any doubt about the sort of influence which has been used to press those 5000 children out of tlie free schools of the State into those which the priests have been pleased to open. It is not the influence of reason, or of choice, on the part of the parents ; but it is the dread, peremptory, and threaten ing influence of the priest who holds hell and damnation before both parents ancl children to compel them to obey. The Government ought not to hesitate as to the right mode of dealing with such priestly dominance over the free action of the citizens.. It ought to be regarded as a. felony or a misdemeanour on the part of priest,, bishop or agent to hold in terrorem hell, fire pr any other spiritual torments over parents or children to drive the latter from the State schools; Of course, the cry of "persecution of the church"- would be . raised, If this were done but such; a 'cry ought not to be listeripcl to from those whose ; power and position ' depend upon their ability to pbrsecute' the/ poor,' and whose only object'1 is' to ' have/ privilege- 'ti> do so'./ Things surely " have' come to "a pretty pass-1 if 'the State; is ' 'to ' provide schools for the children that ' they uiay be taught' such' ! knowledge as is needful for them to discharge the chities 'of' citizens, leavirig eyery one free ori/the. qu'estibri of religion ; and yet this noble purpose is 'to be subverted by the agents of tho .Pope . step ping 'forward and threatening orie-tKird of the citizens with the brand .of '" excbniT inunicated apostates" here, and with the horrors of' perdition' hereafter,1 /if. .arijf pf them dare to send their ".children-'' to those State schools ! Is the priest thus to bd. above thc Parliament1? Is the priest thus to deprive the citizens of their civil free dom ? Is the Pope thus to; interfere with the government' of our natiori, arid, through, his general1 and lieutenants; tlius to dictate hbw we shall fit our citizens for 'their civil duties to the State 1 -Such insolent political interference; under the' name arid cover of religion, ought to'be promptly- re sented.; We hope that in Victoria the Parliament will be equal :to the occasion of stain ping o u t this moristroris r- evil ' of priestly domination. 1 ' A SMALL nest of infidels, named, free thinkers, exists in this city, and weekly they pour out their pitiful ' abuse against the Scriptures and the doctrines, which they teach. It is humiliating to read the rubbish which they put in print as the strong reasons on which they reject the sacred book. As one' reads' their, calumnies, which they call arguments,, and compares them with the proofs which the best and most learned men in all ages have grouped as establishing the genuineness, and authenticity of the Scriptures, ' one cannot but suspect that there is some unspoken reason for the antipathy and rancour of these free thinking men The lives of some of them give the key to their hos tility. Some of them have a history which explains their dislike. Some of the "commandments " look them in the face, and this is enough to loose their tongue to speak against them. Some of them have strong feelings against the first, strong dislike against the fourth, no patience with the strictness of the seventh ; no great favour for the eighth, and contempt for the ninth as beneath their notice. This is " free thinking," of course; for why should these enlightened men of the city of Sydney, be bound to accept the laws of miserable Jews, who believe in so great an impostor as Moses? Do they not know philosophy, and study science, and under stand human nature infinitely better than those- paltry Jews who are usually known by the name of prophets and apostles ? One of these enlightened men, who knows infinitely more than apostles or prophets, calls himself a "Poser." We are so " free " as to think that he ought to select a truer name ; for if a " Poser " means one who starts a difficulty which is hard to get over, the name will always be false as applied to him, for he has neither in- telligence nor honesty enough to grasp such a difficulty. He has undertaken to prove that St. John was a myth, and that his Gospel— called the Fourth— was written by some proud churchman towards the end of the second century ! This surely is "free thinking ;" and on what does it rest ? Why, some "modern theologians of European reputation say that it contains internal proof that it was not written by a Jew!" Unbelievers have a wonderful capacity for faith ; only their unbelief is reserved for apostles, and their faith is very; confiding on "theologians of Euro pean reputation." The evidence of the whole Christian world, as to the writer of tliis Gospel, goes for nothing with those wise free thinkers ; but the sayings of theologians, of European reputation " are of convincing weight. Like the famous infidel who was bold to say that there was no God ; but yet was so full of fear for ghosts, that he would not go to bed without a candle ! The efforts of this " Poser " to convict John of contradiction are worthy of his capacity. He refers us to John iii. 23, which says that "John was baptizing in Ænon, near to Salem;" and then he says "that the previous verse leads the reader distinctly to consider that the place specified is in Judea," but " Ænon is not in Judea, but near Samaria, 50 miles away!" And then "Poser" says that this is like saying that the "Yarra Yarra in Victoria supplied water to Sydney." But it is not John who contradicts himself; but "Poser" who deals dishonestly with John. The passage tells us where Christ and his disciples were teaching and baptizing ; and then it tells us in the 23rd verse where John the Baptist was preaching and baptizing. If a " man's eternity— as this man scoffingly speaks — de- pended on the "miserable explanations " of those miserable " free thinkers," it would not be worth a moment's considera tion. Again, ."Poser " tries to find another contradiction in John : He says that " according to John Jesus was crucified before the commemoration of the Passover ; but that according to Matthew it was after the Passover." He refers us to John viii 1 .- to prove that Jesus was crucified before the Passover ; but John xiii.- 1 says not a word about Christ being then crucified ; but it says " that Jesus before the Passover knowing that his hour was come, and that he was about to depart to his Eather, gave proof of his loving his disciples by washing their feet during the feast of the Passover ;" and then the story goes on to tell as plainly as words can tell exactly what all the other Evangelists tell. John has nothing to fear from this wretched 'Poser" who cannot even read rightly. Again " Poser" produces another contradiction in John. He says that John speaks about the, " pool of Bethsaida." But John knew better, than to speak about a thing that never existed. Strange that this " free thinker " who undertakes to catch John in the; geography of AEnon, exposes himself to the charge of ignorance when speaking about Bethsaida. John speaks correctly of the pool of Bethesda ; but this " free thinker,' who is going to- pose all apostles and prophets, does not know that there never was a "pool of Bethsaida" But making allowance for an infidel's ignorance of' Scripture, how does " Poser " prove that John was false when speaking of the pooh of Bethesda ? Why, he tells us that Josephus does not mention it ! And he adds- that Pliny , and Seneca, Roman his torians, do not mention it ! Therefore it did not' exist, and John was false. This is free thinking logic ; and infidel reasoning ! Again, " Poser " undertakes to prove that John is false, in his account of the resur- iuction of Lazarus ; how ? why, by saying that Matthew, Mark, and Luke pass it over in perfect silence ! But Matthew, Mark and Luke never mention Lazarus at all ; therefore Lazarus never existed ! Matthew, Mark and Luke don't tell us of Jesus washing his disciples feet as John does ;' therefore he never did so ! But sup pose that those three had spoken of the resurrection of Lazarus exactly as John has done, would "Poser" have believed it? Would, he not have said that the four Evangelists conspired to tell the same tale ? , It is a hard thing to please wicked men. " John, came neither eating nor drink- ing;' and free thinkers said, "he has a devil." "Jesus came eating and drinking ;" and free thinkers said, " Behold a gluttonous man and a wine-bibber !" So with modern " Posers ;" but ' Wisdom and John are perfectly safe. , .Presbyterian Cuuecues. — Of late tlie Eev. Geo:' Sutherland, the editor of the Witness, has taken a very deep interest in the movements of Presbyterians in this city. First, St. Ste phen's' was interfered with on account of some : effort being made there to. re gulate' the psalmody of the congregation. Of v course Mr. .Sutherland is great against organs, " and '.yet, when he wishes assistance to supply St.. George's when he goes a wandering to -breed'.: division, . he . never fails. ,to have some minister. , who -uses' nothing but: organs and harmoniums :! < 1 Nextj ' St. Andrew's is attacked: -for having- introduced colored windows, and yet V St.- ! George's h as ; colored r -windows !: the only difference being, that St.! Andrew's - throws the different. colors into the figures of Apostles, aiid St..;: George's'- prefers the .'. arrangement "of - a kaleidoscope ! -Then, -lastlj'," the (bitter -'spirit and.fanlb findiug;of this - clerical .accuseriof the brethren; is revealed in his attack .upon'Palmer street. ' It appears, tlhat at! the knnual meeting of tli'ochurch, Dr;:-M;'Gibbon - said that every- \- thing- ihad' 'gone -:so sweetly- an'd happily that i-'her'e was nothing particular; (to notice. <=; /JChis was enough to fire, the jealousy of Mr. George Sutherland, who has "daily coming upon him the care of all the churches," and to induce him to write in his paper suggesting that such peace is not a very healthy state of things ! Pity that this eminent man should thus fina pleasure in carping and should be confined to the small flock of St. George's. '' ' Easy Virtue.— Fasting is a great virtue in the sight of the Romish Church, and God gives special blessings, as a quid pro quo, for its endur-, ance. This is what the priest says ; and thus so many fast to get these blessings, such as the remission of some sins they have committed, or the indulgence of so many days from the future torture of purgatory. But, strange to say, such virtue is very easy, and God is very good in not insisting upon it. Here is an instance of this. It happened this year that St. Patrick's day fell npon a fast day in Paris. The Irish . patriots there wished to hold a feast in honour of St. Patrick. They determined upon a dinner, and toasts in wine and champagne. But behold it was a fast day, and how could the good Catho lics both fast- and feast — fast, as a service to God, and feast, in honour of St. Patrick 1 Oh, perfectly easily. The Archbishop of Paris soon put this right ; he took in hand to put God off for the sake of St. Patrick ; and so he gave the patriots a " dispensation from fasting,", and with full zest they went into the work of feast ing as far more saint-like, and profitable, and blessed ! This is surely easy virtue ; hut such religion is very convenient. The Papal God is not difficult to manage when so great a saint as St. Patrick is to be honoured ! : Tiie "Last, Coleectiox eor the Pope."— The Jesuit, Kelly, when preaching the Sunday before last, - in a' Romish chapel, in' Melbourne, askedjthe. faithful to give: a collection for tho Holy . Father ; , and; ; in order that they might give liberally to his need, the Jesuit remarked — " that it'might be the last occasion" on which they would he !aslced to aid the illustrious and infallible man. No doubt, " a good one for the last is a rule well understood ; but to the poor " faithful" it is never the last— money, money, is still the cry of the Church. ' . ' The Melbourne "Argus."— This paper has puu - ujuu oamuiic ciaim m vicLona on us proper footing .when it says that the " terrible persecu tion " which it is now suffering in . the State schools amounts to this, that Catholic children and heretical children are to he "mixed." Such a mixture, even in reading and writing are fatal to Popery. The Argus suggests the only remedy for Catholic children who are in danger of such persecution and contamination, viz., Let. the whole lot of them, -with their priests, lie shipped off to New -Guinea, or somewhere else, where no heretics will trouble them. What a blessed country that place will bo where tho: priests will' rule without the interference of those horrid- secularists ! We will take in baud to -say. that. a: law: would very soon be passed not' to exclude foreigners, and heretics, but to keep "the sheep "from running. away!- ' A New Miracle.-— We are told that a young woman in Belgium has been discovered by the priests > who has a wondei'ful or miraculous " stigmatisation " in her hand, that is, a bleed ing wound like the mark in Christ's hand which the nail on the cross pierced and tore. It is -.very-':, provoking that Popish' miracles happen always in very out of the way places. Why .cannot Dr. Vaughan or Dr. Forrest get up a miracle in Sydney, where everybody could see it for himself. St. John's College; might get half-a-dozen scholarships out of tlie proceeds. : The '' Dublin Nation " v.! .the-: Queen.t— it appeora.that the Queen has published' a-book— " The life of tho Prince Consort "—in i which some of the letters of the Prince are given. In one which the Prmce had written to Humbolt, Prince Albert says " that the -Irish are no more desei'ving of. sympathy than the Poles ;" and in another, to a German friend, Stockmer, this passage occurs respecting O'Connell — " His death -has had no effect whatever. It is a befitting end-to an- agitator — passed out of the world unnoted, whereas the man of true worth cannot survive his' reputation." The Dublin Nation newspaper is wild at the " good for nothing " Albert ; and it accuses the Queen of a want of decency, and of dealing in " insult and snobbery. " If Albert had spoken his mind, in his confidential letters, otherwise, Popish, papers would qiiote " impartial tributes," and sound the praises'' of Albert the' Good but he was a snob, and' his Queen was guilty of in decency for saying - or publishing anything which seems to reflect on the Irish nation ! The SrANisH lNQuisiTioE\'-:We.ljeg to draw attention to an advertisement in another column about the instruments of torture from the Spanish Inquisition, which ; are being exhibited at 502, George-street. , , 