OUR CHARITABLE INSTITUTIONS. Victoria has just cause to be proud of her charitable institutions, which as a rule are admirably conducted, and afford relief and a home to the destitute and the suffering. In our own district we are particularly fortunate in this respect. We have this side the Murray, the Ovens District Hospital, the Wangaratta Hos- pital, and the Ovens Benevolent Asylum, all of which are liberally supported, and efficiently managed, and many a suffering one owes his life to the officers connected with these institutions. Several diffi- culties, however, have often been, met with in connection with the proper management of these and similar insti- tutions, more particularly with reference to the admission of patients. A large amount of discretionary power rests in the hands of the medical officers, and the Patients Committees, and in common justice we must say that this power has been exercised wisely, and has seldom if ever been abused. There are a class of persons who are accustomed whenever opportunity occurs to trade upon the sympathies of the charitable, and great care has consequently to be exercised to prevent such people imposing upon the public. With reference to Hospital cases the chief difficulty is in deciding the bona fides of any case. As a matter of course anyone meeting with an accident which incapacitates him from work, places his life in jeopardy, and demands skilful and constant atten- tion, must he admitted, but in cases of disease very often persons who have no right to be admitted, manage, by false means, to gain an entrance. The ques- tion of paying patients has always been a vexed one, and one that needs the utmost vigilance and caution. Hospitals, we take it, are established for the relief and tendering of those who through poverty or misfortune are unable to care for themselves, and the utmost diligence has to be taken to see that unworthy cases do not gain admission. If a man has means sufficient to pay for medical attendance he is no fit subject for hos- pital treatment, unless, indeed, his position at home be such as to preclude him from receiving proper attention. In such a case, provided he pays, he is fairly entitled to admission. Still in every community there are to be found those who trade upon charity — men who rob their fellow men by imposition and fraud. We could recall instances of such like, who regularly live upon charity, although at the same time they are well able to afford to pay for medical attend- ance and medical comforts. Cases of this kind are very difficult to deal with. A man, evidently suffering, applies to a governor cf a hospital for an admission ticket. He declares he has no means of paying, and gets admitted as an in patient, and after having been an inmate, perhaps for a lengthened period, he is discharged cured, having cost the public who support such institutions a consider- able amount of money. After his dis- charge it is discovered that the man is a counterfeit, that he is possessed of pro- perty, and well able to pay. The com- mittee, however, are powerless, and have no means of compelling him to reimburse them for the trouble and expense they have been put to. These are but a tithe of the difficulties which are to be met with by those upon whom devolves the responsibility of management. But there is another phase of suffering to which, of late our attention has been particularly drawn, and during the past few weeks no less than foar cases of the kind, have been brought specially under our notice. A week or two ago, three men were con- fined in the Beechworth gaol. They had committed no crime, but being old and helpless, and unable to gain a living for themselves, they were mercifully taken in charge by the police under the vagrant act, for having no lawful visible means of support. At the request of the governor, our reporter visited the gaol, and had an interview with these three poor un- fortunaies. Two of them were totally blind, and the third nearly so. They were all friendless and homeless, had no one to look to, to reach out to them a helping hand, or smooth their failing years. The youngest of them was about seventy years of age, and as Mr THOMP- SON very justly said, the gaol wass no fit place for them, and he could not tell what was to he done. Two of them had been sentenced to a few days imprisonment. During this time these unfortunates had to live in prison. What they needed was nourishing food and warmth, but accord- ing to gaol regulations they could have no fire, and were dieted on the lowest scale. This alone was sufficient to kill them in time, but it was not all. Their term of imprisonment being expired, the poor old fellows, who although not bear- ing the best of characters were still human, and had a claim upon sympathy, had to be again turned into the street. The difficulty of what to do with such is patent to every one. Our Benevolent Asylum is full, and numerous applicants have to be denied, owing to want of ac- commodations, and it is hard to discover how to dispose of cases like those we have instanced, dozens of which are daily being forced upon the notice of the public in various parts of the colony. A gaol is no fit place for them, and what to do with them is an enigma. Hitherto in this colony the genus pauper has had but a few representatives and it has been our boast that we have never had to establish poor houses. There has been a natural shrinking in the minds of Victorians to the establishment of such, and we share the feeling, having a dislike to acknow- ledge the fact that poverty as well as wealth is on the increase. Something, however, must be done to provide for cases like those to which we have al- luded,and what that something is to be is the question. Only last week a poor half-staved, emaciated old man, upon whose head rested the snows of eighty- three winters, died in gaol of exhaustion. He has been committed from Wodonga on a charge of vagrancy, and on his arrival was an object piteous to behold. When his time expired he could not be removed, and had to remain, cared for as well as prison rules would allow, without fire, left to die. Our reporter saw the poor fellow, and it was a piteous sight. and one which would arouse pity in the heart of the most, callous — to see an old man, weather-beaten, ragged, and tanned, in his last days lying on the floor of a criminal's cell, whilst the wave of life was slowly but surely ebbing away. But as we were asked, what else could be done, and whilst we pitied, we had to answer nothing. Another case was only yesterday cited to us. In the Ovens Benevolent Asylum was an old woman named METCALF; she had always been a source of trouble, and on more than one occasion has been discharged for misconduct. On last Thursday evening last she went out of her own accord and got drunk. She was found helpless by the police, and sentenced by the Bench on Friday to three days' imprisonment. Yesterday she came out, and was wan- dering about the streets. She applied to Mr INGRAM, the chairman of the House Commiitee, for re-admission, but what could he do under the circum- stances. Either the public or the Go- vernment, which in the end amounts to the same thing, must make provision for her, or she must be allowed to die in the streets. We commend the subject to those, who take an active part in the management of our charitable institutions, feeling the urgent need for some pro- vision being made for cases like those we have cited. ROMANCE AND REALITY.— "A beautiful fea- ture of many landscapes painted by eminent artists," observes tho Pall Mall Gazette "is a herd of kine quenching their thirst on a sultry summer day in a limpid brook that winds its way through meadows of emerald green ; but the subject is now rather hack- neyed, and may be pleasingly diversified by a picture from real life taken from a scene which occurred the other day in Lancashire. Two cows belonging to a farmer at Bandle- some-hall, near Bury, were imprudent enough to drink the waters of a stream (a tribute of the River Irwell) which runs down by Kirk- lees, and on the banks of which there are several works and manufactories. The cows soon had reason to repent their indiscretion, for they both died in twelve hours after the refreshing draught ; and the medical officer of health, after a post-mortem, examination, stated at a meeting of the rural sanitary authorities of the Bury Union on Wednesday, that he had no doubt they had been poisoned by the polluted water of the stream. The clerk to the rural sanitary said that 'body conud do nothing in the matter, and that the best plan the farmer could adopt would be to consult his solicitor.' Perhaps these gen- tlemen will be able to resuscitate the cows, and thus bring joy back again to the farmer's heart, but in the meantime, a picture entitled 'Still Life,' of the carcases of the ill-fated beasts lying dead on the bank of the stream, and the farmer gazing mournfully on the im- pressive scene, would attract general attention at the exhibition of the Royal Academy, and have the merit of being what, according to Coleridge, a picture ought to be, 'an interme- diate something between a thought and a thing,' the thought being 'pure water' and the thing 'poisoned cows.' " CHINESE FUNERAL CEREMONIES.— On Sun- day (writes the Ararat and Pleasant Creek News) the Chines'e Camp was enlivened by a ceremony performed by the Asiatics, for the purpose of supplying their departed friends with food during their wanderings in spirit land, or, perhaps, to support them in their travels towards the Confucian heaven. A table was laid with excellent edibles, evidently cooked with much care. These consisted of pork, fowl, rice, and other delicacies, as well as a plentiful supply of gin, the last named being scattered liberally about on the ground. Before the table a carpet was spread, on which one of them, who was most likely the high priest, knelt in continued adoration making prayers. Behind him was a row of his countrymen, indulging in ??? of wor- ship and obeisance, and also repeating what appeared to be certain prescribed forms of prayer, and around were scores of lighted joss-house tapers. The day was cold, and the priest found a difficulty in repeating his prayers steadily, owing to the chattering of his teeth. The ceremony did not appear to be regarded as a solemn one, as some facetiou- rascal amongst the worshippers would launch out with humorous observations which would set the row of faces laughing and greatly dis- turb the gravity of the priest and mono- tone of the prayer. Not a few amongst them looked with concern at the quantity of gin being spilled over the floor, but all seemed to buoy themselves up with the prospect of a truly physical repast after the spirits had their innings. BISHOP THORNTON'S PREACHING.— The Critic in Church writes thus:— The afternoon sermon was a perfect gem in its way. "That strain I heard was of a higher mood." Its motto was St. Paul's incidental mention of his one great object — "That I might by all means save some." Very beautifully, and with ex- quisite ??? and precision of language, were set forth the chequered history and ??? ??? life purpose of the great Apostle of the Gentiles — a purpose so definite, so trans- cendenly elevated, so comprehensive in its range, so wisely varied in its practical means, ??? indvidiual, and cherished withal in so truly ??? minded a spirit. It was grand! Just to hear that preacher speak in those ??? earnest tones of his, of the sur- ??? worth of the human soul and the preciousness of salvation for it; of such sal- vations being possible, a real, and a present ??? and of the duty resting upon all she profess and call themselves Christians to seek the ??? not for themselves a one, but for others ! The best of it was that ??? man spoke exactly as if he himself believed ??? I repeat, it was grand; and it did one's heart good to see so large a gathering of men and women eagerly drinking the the preacher's words on that Sunday afternoon. RATHER COOL. — Rather an impudent thing writes the Geelong Advertiser, considering betting is against the law, was done the other evening by the keeper of a cigar and curiosity shop of sporting proclivities. A well known resident having decided to pay a bet he had made of a few pounds, a brief statement of the facts was posted up in a conspicuous part of the betting man's window. Whether the ob- ject sought was attained or no, has not trans- pired, but the notice has disappeared. A story is told if a somewhat similar affair which oc- cured some years ago. A slightly mutilated bank-note was taken to one of the banks in town, but in consequence of the way in which it was torn the teller demurred to changing it. The note was taken to the office of a trades- man near the bank in question, and, learning the circumstances, the latter at once displayed it in his window, with the intimation beneath that the bank had refused to cash it. It is almost unnecessary to add that the value of the note was almost immediately forth- coming. AN ADVENTUROUS CAREER. — An account of the capture of a notorious convict is given by the South Australian Register : — " Sergeant Bentley arrested James Hurley, a notorious escaped prisoner. He has had an adventur- ous career in crime, and for a long time evaded the police of West Australia, by shift ing, often under various disguises, from one to another part of that colony. On June 26 he escaped from Rockingham, 25 miles from Perth, as a stowaway on board the barque Armistice, bound to Wallaroo with timber, and arrived on July 13. The offender is one of the great Cernhill burglars, and having been convicted of burglary and several other offences on April 10, 1865, at a Criminal Court in London, was sentenced to 10 years' penal servitude. He was sent out in 1866 to West Australia in the convict ship Corona, and was liberated at Perth on a ticket-of- leave in May 1872. In may, 1874, he was the ringleader of a band of burglars, some of whom were sentenced to seven years', and Hurley was ordered to have three years' penal servitude. In 1871 he again received a ticket- of-leave, but it was revoked, as he was con- victed of being found on the premises of a Perth citizen with some felonious intent. He was brought to Adelaide by the Wallaroo mail coach on Thursday, and will be taken before Mr. Beddome to-day, at the City Police Court. The prisoner is 5ft 8in in height, 45 years of age, and has a determined-looking cast of countenance. The man's apprehen- sion is due to the prompt action of Inspector Peterswald, who caused him to be arrested as soon as information of his whereabouts was received. He was working near Kadina when captured." THE COMING MAYOR.— We understand it has for sometime past been generally be- lieved that Mr O'Leary would be the coming man, and certainly no more feasible conclu- sion could reasonably be arrived at, for as the council stands he is by far the most eligible man. We have heard it mooted, however, that Mr Parfitt is to retain the mantle unless indeed he takes it into his head to resign, in which case we are told the garment will fall upon the shoulders of no less a personage than Mr Bickerton. Of course this is but rumor and we merely give it for what it may be worth, but should such happen to be the case, we shall be forced to exclaim that " for ways that are dark," etc, the Wangaratta Borough Council is "very pecooliar." — [Since the above was in type, our Wanga- ratta correspondent writes to say that Mr O'Leary has been elected mayor.] WHAT IS A LARRIKIN ? — This question, never yet properly settled, cropped up again at thE police court Maryborough, recently (says the Advertiser ) when a Chinaman was charged with resisting the police in the execution of their duty. A Chinese witness said that as the police con- stable was in plain clothes the accused did not know that he was a police officer; he thought he was a larrikin carrying off a woman. Sergeant Fahey : What is a larrikin ? The Chinaman: A bad man — not a good man. Mr Carr : A bad man ! — no ; rather, a bad youth. Sergeant Fahey : What is the Chinese for larrikin ? This seemed to puzzle the witness for some time, but at length he said something like "Kok-a-hai- mai," which being interpreted again, was stated to mean a man who knew nothing at all. On this Mr Cockburn said that perhaps the best definition of a true larrikin was a young man of neglected education, who " edited" a scurrilous print. The Chinaman said " No savee" to that, but said a larrikin was a man who ran away with another man's wife. The point cannot be said to be settled yet. MYRTLE REEF, WANDILIGONG.— The crush- ing frum the Myrtle Reef, Wandiligong, is still progressing in most satisfactory man- ner, as the amalgam brought down on Friday for the week's crushing was 526 ounces, thus making over 2200 ounces for five weeks' crushing with S stamps. Half of the stone is not yet through, and little doubt is now entertained that the largest cake of gold ever brought into Bright (or probably ever got in the Beechworth district), will be obtained from this crushing. RUTHERGLEN SHIRE COUNCIL. — Speaking of the president of this body the Wahgunyah Chronicle writes : — " Next Tuesday morning (to-day), at ten o'clock, the councillors of the Shire of Rutherglen will meet in the Cham- bers, Town Hall, for the purpose of electing the President for the ensuing term. Councillor Burrows, who fills the presidential chair now, has only been in office a few months, and was, at the commencement of his term, pro- strated by sickness and unable to attend to official dusies. His experience, therefore, has been both bitter and sweet. His forced inaction must have been very galling to a man of his business habits, and the tune has been so short that he has not had a chance to get into difficulties with his brother councillors, and so has had for the latter part of his ser- vices — all the sweets of office without the inconveniences. So far, all things have passed over in comparative smoothness, but really councillors, as a rule are so hard to please that they will find fault with an angel! And Mr Burrowes is no angel ! Last Saturday at the Council meeting, there was ample evi- dence of the last assertion. On two occasions, the first of which was the discussion of Mr Joseph Kelly's letter relating to a drain cut by him across the main road, and Senior- constable Gribbin's letter on the same sub- ject, the cloven foot became so apparent as to leave no doubt of its possessor being either devil, or, what is infinitely worse, a fallen angel — twice degraded. It was the devil, or, so that we may not offend modest ears, we will sell it the demon of opposition which manifested itself so strong in this case; and, again, before the Council's proceedings terminated, when Mr Henry Bayliss requested the Council to say definitely whether or not certain roads be had applied to purchase would be sold to him by the Council. It must be understood that some months ago, Mr Bayliss made application to purchase these roads (which lead from his properly to the river) and was informed that the Council could not give an answer until he had advertised his intention to apply to be allowed to pur- chase, so that objections, if any, would be made fully aware of what was going on. This, Mr. Bayliss complied with, and not meeting with any opposition from his neigh- bors, not hearing anything from the council, resolved to again bring it before them. With what result? The President, notwithstand- ing the fact that most of the councillors were agreed as to the request being granted — in a word that the council had no objection to the sale — forced a motion upon them that Mr Bayliss be instructed to advertise again ! In common justice to the other councillors, we must say that this was forced upon them ; that they were actually awed into submission by the President's determined manner, but we ask the President what he thinks of his reflection in in this mirror ? He may say it is distorted and misshapen, to which we reply that it is the fault of the substance. If the substance were perfect the shadow would be likewise. Exception may be taken to those remarks,on the eve of an election, as unfair to the late President, who is, we believe, to be the future President, but as there is no likelihood of an opposition, we are conse- quently relieved from the charge of attempt- ing to influence the voting of councillors. What we have said is plain truth, by which we will stand or fall, and we will add that when Mr Burrowes enters upon his next year of office it is to be hoped he will remem- ber these things, and be more considerate for the convictions and opinions of others, than he has been — not throwing hastily — formed and prejudiced decisions in the teeth of his fellow councillors, and hammering at them until, fairly tired out, in the unavailing attempt to battle with such an arbitrary, au- tocratic and perverse individual, men of keener susceptibilities, and greater sensitive- ness, retire within themselves, wondering at the exhibition of so much selfishness and assurance." AN USEFUL INVENTION. — The Clunes Guar- dian remarks : — " Our American friends are wonderfully shrewd, enterprising, and intelli- gent. The last thing out is from San Fran- cisco, and may be made applicable to banks, companies, offices, merchants, tradesmen, and private residents in any city or town in this colony. It is a signal box which can be placed in any office or warehouse, parlour or bedroom. This box is connected by a tele- graph wire connecting with a central office by those supplying tho signal boxes. By simply turning a handle of the signal box to the word " fire " an alarm is at once given, and firemen with extinguishing apparatus are instantly summoned. Turning to the word " police," a constable is immediately despatched, and to the word " messenger," a trusty man is des- patched from the office. The charge for the use of instruments, wires, and connection is, in English money, ten shillings per month, which includes the placing of the wires and apparatus on subscribers' premises, or for keeping the same in order. The charge for sending a messenger or despatching a police- man is extremely low. Thus, a subscriber can summon messengers, policemen, or fire men at any hour of the day or night, which is one more of the many useful and economical purposes a telegraph wiro=e can now be made to serve." AN EXTRAORDINARY ESCAPE.— A corres pondent of the Queanbeyan Age sends par- ticulars of what is, perhaps, the most thrill- ing adventurers in connection with the escape of a prisoner ever recorded in the annals of the colony. The neighborhood of Shoal- haven was the scene of the exciting episode about to be related, the principal actors in which were a notorious criminal named John Johson and Senior- constable Gall, a member of the Bungonia and Tarago police. Jobson was fixd upon by the local police as the per- petrator of certain horse-stealing depredations and warrants for his arrest were issued. The constables succeeded in tracking and arrest- ing him at the head of the Shoalhaven, and Gall forthwith proceeded to escort him to Goulburn. Pursuing their journey, the con- stable and the prisoner reached a precipitous gully of some 1500 feet in depth, its jagged sides and yawning mouth forming a scene of ragged grandeur fearful in its awful majesty terror-inspiring to behold. To the prisoner however, it presented an avenue of escape desperate though the venture. Quick as lightning he dashed away, and, bounding like a hunted deer, he threw himself into the gaping chasm. Gall at once started in pur- suit, and drawing his revolver, fired five shots in succession at the escapee as he leaped from crag to crag in his headlong flight. Some of the shots took effect, but, though wounded, Jobson continued his course. Gall attempted to follow him, but in doing so he missed his footing, and was precipitated down the ravine, a distance 400 feet, where he was afterwards found to be severely injured. The prisoner got clear away and has not since been heard of by the police. SINGULAR ACCIDENT.— A most peculiar acci- dent happened to a blind man who is well known about the streets of Geelong. A team of bul- locks was being driven along Ryrie-street without a waggon behind them, when the blind man, who was crossing the street at its intersection with Yarra-street, and feeling his way with a long stick, came into contact with them, falling across the chain between the centre pairs. The bullocks, startled with finding a load in such a peculiar position, took fright, the front ones kicking out at the unfortunate fellow us he clung tenaciously to the chain, and the two behind seeming inclined to let him feel their horns. The rest of the team being alarmed at the commotion, also took fright, the whole of them rushing up Yarra-street, dragging the blind man along with them, who apparently was receiving blow after blow from the excited quadrupeds' heels. When opposite the Wesleyan Par- sonage the driver, after using his utmost endeavors, succeeded in bringing the bullocks to a standstill, and the blind nan was jerked off the chain and thrown in a heap on the footpath. Strange to say he did not appear to be anyway hurt or disconcerted at his un- precedented escape — his only anxiety being that he would not lose his stick. His clothes, however, were considerably torn through being dragged along the ground. — Advertiser NOBLE GENEROSITY.— " Ægles" in the Aus- tralasian has the following : — Since the senten- tious but no longer inimitable Pecksniff excited the admiration of honest Tom Pinch, he can have had no more illustrious follower than the writer of a letter now before me. It is a genuine document with real names, and to understand the whole matter in only necessary to premise that the widowed re- ceiver is in poor circumstances : — " Oakey Creek, Palmer River, July 1875. Mrs James Leadley. Madam, — I regret to inform you of the death of your husband, James Leadley. He came under my care for dysentery, be- tween three or four weeks since, and died at 6 o'clock on the 8th July. A few days before his death, which he himself knew to be ap- proaching, he sent for me and gave me all he possessed, namely, about thirty-four pounds ten shillings' worth of gold, and £4 12s in money. With this and a previous £10 he requested me to pay the attendant who had been waiting upon him, his rations and medi- cal comforts — for latterly he had subsisted only on brandy, port wine ,and eggs — and any other expenses I had incurred on his account, and to keep the remainder as pay- ment for my professional services. It will be consolatory for you to know that he received all care and attention that could possible be bestowed upon him, and that in warm terms he expressed to me the gratitude he felt at the treatment so accorded him. I remain yours faithfully, J. HAMILTON." Exactly ! the poor woman who lost her husband must feel pro- foundly grateful to the professional who generously expended two; once on the postage of this sympathetic communication. One can imagine him shedding tears as he wrote it. THE FOURTH ESTATE. — At a dinner re- cently held in Vienna, in reply to the toast of "The Press," a representative of the Fourth Estate humourously remarked :— " The press holds in public life the same po- sition as a mother-in-law holds in private circles. Everybody fears her, nobody loves her. As long as she agrees well with every- thing she is much honored, but as soon as she finds fault, everybody has but one desire, that is, that the devil may fetch his mother- in-law as soon as possible." WODONGA JOCKEY CLUB.— A meeting of the members of the Wodonga Jockey Club was held on Wednesday last, says the Border Post, at Mr Bambrick's Railway hotel, Wodonga. The hon. secretary, Mr James Bambrick, read the balance-sheet for the last year's transactions, which showed that a sum of 302 sovs. had been given in prizes last meeting, and a sum of £170 18s otherwise ex- pended, showing a total expenditure of £481 18. The accounts also showed that the overdraft at the Bank of New South Wales amounted to £130 ; that a sum of £68 was due to Mr Torrance for timber, and £5 to Mr J. Gordon, architect, making the liabilities in the aggregate £203. The balance-sheet was received and adopted. It was resolved to have only one day's racing at the next meet- ing, which it was deemed should take place on the 27th of December. A programme comprising seven events was also agreed to. The following gentlemen were elected office bearers for the ensuing year Judge, Mr F. Street. Starlers : Messrs W. A. Torrance and R. King. Committee : Messrs J. Wigmore, J.P., P. Huon, H. Huon, R. Pennefather, G. C. Thorold, R. O'Keefe, — Martin, and J. C. Forster. Stewards : Messrs J. Wigmore, J, P., G. C. Thorold, P. Huon, W. A. Tor- rance, and J. C. Forster. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought the proceedings to a close. A " SPELLING BEE." — One of these novel but extremely trying little games was played in the office of a sharebroker in teo Beehive Exchange the other day, five gentlemen essay- ing to master the correct spelling of the sub- joined sentence : — " It is agreeable to observe the unparalleled embarrassment of a puzzled pedlar gauging the symmetry of an unpeeled pear." The diversity of opinion which was exhibited by the spellers, proved the wisdom of Sam Waller's remark to Justice Starleigh as to whether he spelt his name with a " v " or a " w "— that it was a matter that depended on the taste of the speller. With one ex- ception, none of the spellers conformed to the arbitrary and tyrannical rules of grammar. A good deal of fun may be anticipated when the " Bee " is tried according to the established American method in the Mechanics' Institute. The following are the specimens, the first being the correct one : — " It is agreeable to observe the unparalleled embarrassment of a puzzled pedlar gauging, the symmetry of an unpeeled pear." " It is agreeable to observe the UNPARRALLED embarrassment of a puzzled pedlar gauging the SYMETRY of an unpeeled pear." " It is agreeable to observe the UN- PARRALLED EMBARRASMENT of a puzzled pedlar GAUGING the symmetry of an unpeeled pear." " It is agreeable to observe the UNPARELLED EMBRASSMENT of a puzzled pedlar gauging the SEMMETRY of an UNPEALED pear." " It is agree- able to observe the unparalleled embarrass- ment of a puzzled pedlar gauging the SYMETERY of an unpealed pear." " It is agreeable to observe the unparalleled EMBARASSMENT of a puzled PEDLER ganging the symmetry of an an unpeeled pear." — Bendigo Indeptendent. — Bendigo Independent. BEECHWORTH PROSPECTING COMPANY. — The mining manager, under date 14th August, re- ports, I am glad to inform you that I am getting good stone in the south shaft, the reef being about two feet wide. I have likewise found gold in the tunnel level. I think there is between 30 and 40 tons of quartz in the paddock. EDUCTION IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA.— The fol- lowing clause of the Education Bill has been passed in the South Australian Assembly : — " In every public school four hours and a half at least shall be set apart daring each school-day for such secular instruction only; and such schools may open in the morning a quarter of an hour at least before the time fixed for such secular instruction to com- mence for the purpose of reading portions of the Holy Scriptures in the authorised or Donay version. The attendance of children at such reading shall not be compulsory, and no sectarian or denominational religious teaching shall be allowed in any school." BEECHWORTH SHIRE RIDING BOARD OF ADVICE.— This Board met on Monday, there being present Messrs Cowan, West, and Mathieson. The minutes of the last meeting were read and confirmed. Messrs Cowan and West reported in regard to the complaints lodged against of. N. Hayes that, after a careful enquiry, they did not consider the charges had been sustained. They were supported by Mr Dalgleish, who was present at the enquiry. The meeting was unanimous in its opinion that an injustice had been done to Miss Hayes, and if their opinion carried any weight with the department, would sug- gest that a removal of one or of both teachers from that school would be an improvement towards the feeling of harmony existing in that district. The correspondent was in- structed to advise the department to the above effect. A communication was received from the El Dorado Board of Advice, and read, furnishing names that had not complied with the requirements of the 13th section of the Education Act, 1874. The correspondent was instructed to forward authority to Con- stable Toohey to proceed against the de- linquents. A letter from the department, through the Rev. R. C. Flockart, asking the use of the school at Reid's Creek for the purpose of holding Sunday school and divine service. Granted, subject to to lowest scale of regulation charges. Other correspondence from the department was read that had already been attended to. CLEVER ARREST OF A FORGER AND UT- TERER. — Shortly after six o'clock on Friday evening, writes the Chronicle a man named Frederick Walker, alias Archibald Wilson, attempted to pass a valueless cheque upon Mr H. Levin in payment of certain goods he had selected. Mr Levin at once suspecting the genuineness of the signature, put some questions to Walker in reference to the time he had been in the district, and how long he had been in the employ of Mr. E. Hillson, of Tocumwal, by whom the cheque purported to have been signed. Noticing some discrepancy in the answers received, as well as a want of knowledge about certain well known parties residing in Toolamba, in which place the man said he had been for some time, Mr Levin cleverly managed to keep him in play until such time as he received assistance, he being alone in the shop when the cheque was presented. After some delay, Mr. L. Levin came in, and Walker then endorsed the cheque in presence of three witnesses, and stated that he had received it from Mr. Hill son two days before. Mr. Levin remarked that the writing was not two days old, upon which Walker said that Mr Hillson had given him the cheque that morning. Mr. L. Levin then went in quest of the police, and after some little time returned with Senior-con- stable Vizzard, who, after questioning Walker arrested him on the charge of attempting to pass a valueless cheque. Shortly after the arrest, Constable Forrestal, of the Victorian police, appeared on the scene in quest of the same party, but found that the bird had been already caged. Walker had passed one cheque for £3 12s to Mr Parry, Wahgunyah, and endeavoured to get rid of another for £5 14s to Mr Porter. about half-an-hour before his arrest, which accounted for the Victorian police following on his track. He is " wanted" for the same offence at, Too- lamba, near Murchison, Victoria. A FALSE ALARM.— During the early part of Friday some of our evil-disposed towns- men endeavoured to cast a slur upon our townsman, Mr O'Leary, by circulating a report to the effect that that gentleman, who was absent at Mansfield, had on receiving intelligence of the result of the poll, tele- graphed to a friend in Wangaratta that it was his intention to resign his seat in the Council. So widely had the malicious state- ment spread that although quite convinced of its untruthfulness, Mr Sutton decided upon telegraphing to Mr O'Leary, and soon re- ceive a reply to the effect, that the newly- elected councillor had not the remotest idea of relinquishing the honor so lately con- ferred upon him. For our own part we never believed that Mr O'Leary could act so child- ishly, but in all probability with the lie-maker the wish was farther to the thought. There are perhaps a few who feel that Mr O'Leary is not the pliable councillor they could wish him to be, and would fain see him out of the way, but although a thorn in their side, he is not so easily plucked out as they imagine. We do not relish such mean falsehoods, and must denounce those who took advantage of Mr. O'Leary's absence to tamper with his name. — Dispatch. MELBOURNE CUP ACCEPTANCES. — Fifty-eight acceptances for the Melbourne Cup may be regarded as a compliment to Mr Barnard. Mr S. Gardiner did not accept with anything, Lurline being left out because her owner in- tneds to send her to the The Peer after the mare returns from Sydney, though I believe Bullion and Sunbeam were omitted through the owners not noticing the meagre announce- ment of the acceptances. I did not expect to see The Diver among the non-contents, but Mr Lloyd, after carefully weighing the horse's chance, made up his mind that he had no show, and determined not to accept with him. It was not at all likely that the owners of Naughty Boy, Politician, Dignity, or Camden would incur any further expense, but I thought Templeton would pay up. Echo's legs have again shown signs of going, and those who had the temerity to back him up to 100 to 5 have suffered accordingly . Neither Ella nor Feu d' Artifice, at 7st 4lb each, could have the ghost of a chance with Imperial at 8st 4½lb; nor, indeed, could Fugleman, Light of Day, Sunbeam, or Ladybird, though Sen- tinel's weight could not be found fault with. King Phiilip, Southern Cross, and Playboy were thrown in lightly enough, and could not have been withdrawn on the score of being overweighted. Ringwood, Improver, Mot- teston, Bullion, Irish Stew, Nunnykirk, Madalo, Veteran, and Gascony are the three year olds that have gone out, and of these, Motteston broke down, and I fancy Bullion would have accented had not his owner failed to notice the V. R. C. advertisement. Alto- gether, it is a very satisfactory acceptance, and there is a prospect of 30 horses appearing at the post. — "Augur" in the Australasian. CATTLE SALE.— On Saturday Mr W. Orr, of the firm of Messrs J. H. Gray and Co., sold at Wangaratta a quantity of valuable cattle at satisfactory prices. THE BANK OF NEW SOUTH WALES SCAN- DALS.— It seems that we have, not yet heard the last of these defalcations, fresh sum- monses involving serious defalcations having been issued against Messrs. Bentley and Hughes, who will appear at the Beechworth Police Court on Monday. One of the cases is on account of upwards of £1090, and on the surface looks particularly bad. 