BIBLE CHRISTIAN DISTRICT MEETING. The subjoined report has been sent to us for publication: — The sittings of the annual meeting of the ministers and representatives of the Bible Christian Ohorah in South Australia com menced at tte Young-street Chapel on Wednes day, February 10, at 2 p.m. There wu a luge attendance of memben, only one minuter bebg absent through distanoa TLe Bey. J. Way, the ex .Chairman, opened the meeting fay giving out the bt hymn, and the Rev. W. Richards eng.ged in prayer. The Aoting-Chairmon re market* on the aad event thot pfaced him to the podtion in which he wu then found—viz., tbe sudden uid unexpected death of the Bey. James Ashton, Chairman of the Distriot He then called upon the meeting to elect a successoi, ond Bey. Thomu Piper wu appointed bjr a large majority. Mr. Piper thanked the meeting for tte txpretuon of their confidence, in him, and hoped that amidst the most diverae expire | don of opinion there would be the most bar. monlout feeling manifesto! Rev. Thomu I Hillman wu choien v Secretary, tfae Reva O. Lake and R. KeUey Auiatant Secretarier, and tte Reva T. McNeil and W. W. Finch reporters to thepreaa When the meeting wa* properly formed it proceeded at once to consider tte less wbbb the District and Connexion bad sustained in tt. death of the bte Chairman. A very aoletnn feeUag pervaded the aasembly. Every one felt ttat he had lost a friend and brother, and the district one of ita most vduab'e workers. The uncertainty of life and the nofemntty of minis terisl weik were keenly fdt bydL Thefol lowing resolution wu moved by Dr. Campbell, and aeoonded by the Rev. T. Allen: —" That thb meeting record ib deep sense of the loss we and the Connexion have auatained in the death of the late Chairman, the Key. James Ashton, With hb departure for a nobler sphere of existence we are personally sincerely oonuiout that we have not only loot a f rienn and worthy fellow- laborer, but a man of good heart and wise counsels. We wonld further express our deep sympathy with the widow aad bereaved children, and we pray that O:,J iLsy supply that cmnfort and curtain, iv- grace that our poor humanity need* wben bond* *o dear are broken." At tte •uggestlon of the Chairman the resolu tion wu passed fay all the brethren s'aadint-; for a tow momenta, an 4 ao deep and general wu the feeling of sorrow, that tear* flawed down many faces. At the n-qu-est «f tbe Chairman the Key. James Way engaged in prayer. Thb venerable minister thanked God for .paring those present, and prayed that the trying dispensation might be sanctified to nil, and that divine guidance aud strength might be given to the widow aid fatherless. The Rev. W. H. Hoskino. of Victoria, who wat present as a deputation from the sister Churches In tint colony, wu introduced by the Chairman and most heartily received. He thanked the meeting forthe kind reception tbey bad accorded him, and expressed a hope tbat through aush a means as sending deputations to each others' dis trie's the Churches of tho colonies might be brought closer together. The Rev. J. Raymont, who has been sent to this province by tbe Bngliah Conference, wu oordbUy welcomed, and a resoluton ou tfao nutter wu adopted. Resolutions from tbe various quarterly meetings to the District Meeting were then real a list of business wu dtawr, aud the first uesion doted. In the evening tfae funeral sermon of the late Mr. Ashten wu preached by the Rev. T. Piper to a farge and attentive congregation from I Thea iv., 13-14. and I Cor. xv.. 35 to 41; sub ject. "' The resurrection body." In the treat ment f bis topic beahowed considerable thought and research, and he delivered the disoonise doquently. Afterwards Mr. Piper real a brief .ketch of the late reverend gentleman's life and character. At the dose of tbe service the Lord* Supper was administered to tb* ministei a and representatives attending tbe district meetitg and other member, of the Church. Second Dat. After the singing of a hymn, the Secretary read a portion of Scripture, and the Key. K. lang offered prayer. On the motion of the Rev. O. Lake, it was resolved—"Tfaat the best thanks be given to tte Rev. T. Piper for his aSle and excdlent sermon of the previous evening; and tiiat be be requested to publish it in the Bible Christian Quarterly Magazine.'" The work of the Dbtrict Committee during the put year came under review, and, after a lengthy ducat lion en come important question', waa pasted. A circular received from the Connedonol Committee at home, soliciting an expression of tte view, and feelings of ttbDiitrict Meeting a* to tfae propriety of effecting a change in the Connexion*! name, wu introduced, and after a warm and interesting debate, tbe retention of tfae pretent name wu unanimously decided npon. Third Dat. The English correspondence wu read, and a resolution wa* passed requesting the ifngliab Conference to take the necessary steps for forming a South Australian Conference. A M-eme wu submitted by Key J. Thorne to establish a fand for the relief of burdened trust estates. This occupied tbe whole sessfan, and with a Utile modification wu adopted. On Thunday evening tbe Rev. H. Hun preached in tte Young-street Chapel, in con nection with the District Meeting, from CoUos afans, L. 27, 28. The] sermon wu earnest and praetied. Foobth Dat. The Chairman gave out a bymr, tfae Secretary read a portion of Scripture, and tte Rev. C. Tresise engaged in prayer. The Putora' reports of tte spiritual state of their Circuit* were read, and the meetfag went into Oommittee to receive them. A lengthy and interesting discussion followed, in which Keva J. Hondo**, O. Lake, J. Thorne, J. Rod-, J. Stoyel, R. KeUy, O. Tresise, T. McNeil, W. H. Hesking, and Meun. W. Radford, ar.d J. Symons took part. Tbe foUowing resolution waa then adopted: —" Tbat inreviewiug the spiritual state of the dbtriot we fell there fa reason for humility before GoJ. Whilst there is a delightful unity among tbe ministers, harmony prevailing in the Societies, sweet seasons of bless'ngs have been r.alind by na iv the preach ing of the Word, many ainnera have been con verted, aixty-fonr persons have been added to the number of our Society, yet we feel we bave not reached the point we desire. We bad hoped for larger accessions to tbe Cborcfa, and there are complaints in some directions of tbe neglect of the Lord". Sapper and other aocfal mean, of grace, and consequent barrenness ef soul, so that we feel earnestly to pray for a baptism of the Hily Ghost and the power sent down from heaven, and from onr hearts still cry we, * O Lord, revive thy work.'" Tab subject ocoaptad tte whole of the morning. Mr. J. Osborne, who bos fabored succeaafuUy daring the past yeu, wai reodved v a candidate for tbe minis try. A communication was reodved from the Primitive Methodist District Meeting concern* ing the sde of Orafert Chapel, aud a reply wu aent A Committee, oonsbting of the Keva. J. Hancock, J. Trewin. C. Tresis*, and J. Thorne. Dr. Campbell, and Mr. Symon*, wm appointed to draw np a scheme for the cdv ation of cli gible young men forthe ministry, and to report on tbe subject on Monday morning. Fifth Dat. On the motion of Rev. J. Rock the following resolution of sympathy with Bey. T. AUen, whote pretent state of health necessitates at least a year's rest, wu recorded—" Tbat we learn with pain of mind on medical authority that Brp. Tbomu Allen's health has so eeriotuly failed ttat immediate and entire rest from minfaterid fabor fa n- aessary. We assure our dear brotherof onr deep and warm sympathy with him io bis severe -Q.olios, and we hope and pray that through the Divine blessing on the means nsed for bb restoration to hedth he nay soon be perfectly restored, and resume his wsrk amongst us." After many expressions of regret at tte afiliotion of Mr. Allen it wu unanimously dedded that he have a year** rest with a view to tte recovery of hb hedth, Kapanda Circuit naked that on extra minister be appointed, adaty gnaranteel One to be sent if possible. Tbe Northern Areu naked for at least one more. Another to be sent if pot sible. 