ALCOHOL ON THE THRONE OF ENGLAND IN THE ANCIENT TIMES. 'From the Victorian Temperance Year-Book. 1875.) BTI THE REV. B. W. VANDKB1I18TE, OF SYDNEY. " The regions of heli resounded with mirth. And the devils laughed loud at Alcohol's birth; For SsUn knew well it needs inuvt lie, To Iilfl power a mighty auxiliary." A BRIEK CONVERSATION. The Mother of Mischief: We did not do so ! <;>dly with the Throne of England in the early ; iiues, did we ? Ill Will: No indeed. To slay four kings of England within a hundred years was a tolerable regal picking for King Alcohol. ' The Mother of Mischief: And thus King Alcohol did. But I must away to work, to hinder nd upturn, for these teetotallers are awfully 1 nsy with parliaments and people, and it is even Y/hispered do you know, that Victoria herself more than half a teetotaller at heart. Ill Will: I too, must away, to sow disaeni 'enfl and to upturn, tor good will, mino enemy, these men's motto. HOW TIME BOLLS ON ! Well, my reader, now these more than quesiionable peronoges have cleared off the scene, I ' ome on, and make my conge. How time rolls '. n ? Of eighteen hundred aud seventy- four, : ut small balanco is now left. The The Victotan lemperance Year-Book for 1875, is almost •i the press, and my contribution is asked for, : :it, not ready, This time we uiount very high .: . Pegasus, and alight at the throne of England v. the ancient times, to take a cursory glance at . .K- ruin King- Alcohol wrought there. 0 Queen iLtoria, God bless you ! It seems not irnpro- ' able that these lines may reach your Majesty's ihistrious eye. Sign the pledge, then, royal ;idy, and give all your prestige to the temper- .r.ce movement. We have gladly heard that ou havo said a kindly word for it already. TIIE FIRST KING OF ALL ENGLAND. He, you know, was Edmund, who won Northumberland from Anlaf ; and so became the first king of all England. King Alcohol was sooo r.t him. Wo follow the precise words of his- • ory :—" His reign was very 6hort. Edmund vas feasting with Lis nobles at his ruyal residence in Gloucestershire, when a robber-chief, named Leolf, who had lind besn banished for •lis crimes, entered the lmll, which presented a i'-cc-ue of drunken revelry. Scripture declares : hat woe, contentions, and wounds are allotted vo those who tarry long at the wine. Prov. :.xiii. A brawl ensued, in which the robber tabbed the king to death. A.D. 946." EDWARD THE SECOND. We must pass quickly on. We cannot dwell on St. Dunetnn, dragging King Edwin back to i drunken banquet which he had left in disgust. We deal not with nothing lessthan the death of iduga. Elfride conspires with some nobles against King Edward. King Alcohol suggests a cup of wine as a most suitable assistant at assassination. Again we follow the precise words of history :—" Before the plot was fully arranged Edward was hunting in Dorsetshire, and found himself alone near Corfe Castle, the residence of his step-mother, Elfrida. He rode to the gate. Elfrida instantly resolved upon his murder. A cup of wine was brought to him ; while drinking an assassin stabbed him in the back by his step-mother's ordeis. Edward feeling the pain, spurred his horse, and galloped from the spot; hut the wound was mortal. He fell and was dragged along by his foot hanging in rhe stirrup ; the disfigured corpse was tracked by blood, found, and interred at Wareham, A.D. 079.'' Two kings of England in 33 years, in Vi liosexleaths King Alcohol hed a red hand. ALFRED Had a clearer right to the throne than Harold ; Harold resolved to silence Alfred. Thus he managed it (once more we follow the precise words of history) : " At Guildford the young priuce was lodged apart from his retinue, who, having been induced to drink until they were incapable of defence were seized and bound. Alfred was carried to the Isle of Ely, first blinded, and afterwards put to death, A.D. 1040." HARDICANUTE The half brother of Alfred, who has murdered. For the last time we follow the precise words of history . " Little more remains to be told of this monarch, who indvlged in gluttony and intemperance. After a reign of two years, being a guest at a wedding feast, while swallowing at one draught the contents of a large cup, he sank senseless on the floor, and died soon after A.D. 1040." Two kings of England in ono year, in whose deaths King Alcohol had a red hand. A BRIEF IMAGINARY CONVERSATION. Queen Victoria: Mr. Author, our moBt loyal subject. As the recital you have given pretends to no literary merit, but is simply a statement of undisputed historical fact we shall not distress your modesty by avowing.that it has made a most profound impression upou our heart and mind. That this base usurpur, Alcohol, should so overcome our predecessors as to become accessory to the deaths of no less than four within a century's space, is truly an overwhelming tragedy 1 Our sympathies are with the temperance movement, and but for a certain existence called etiquette, which sometimes we can hardly do with, and which we are advised we cannot do without, rely upon us that most gladly would we take the chair at the next annual meeting of the National Temperance League. Author : May it please your Majesty to accept the thanks of the temperance world for these condescending assurances of our royal favour and protection. (Author bows and backs out.) A WORD TO ALL GOVERNORS ON THE EARTH. A wit was said," Though three scruples make , a dram, the more -drams you drink, the less scruples you will have." And it is so. Strong drink is a strong blunter of good conscience. The priest must not touch it. There was ho wine in the ancient vestries; may there be as little in all modern ones. And the . lord spake unto Aaron, saying "Do not drink wine nor strong drink, thou, northy sons with thee, when ye go into the tabernacle of the congregation, lest ye dio; it will be a statute for ever throughout your generations " (Lev. x. 1). Kings and rulers must not touch it. " It ie not for kings, • O Lemuel 1 it is not for kings to drink wine, nor for princes strong drink, lest they drink, and forget the law, and pervert the judgment of any of the afflicted " (Provi. xxxi.). " The CarthagenianB, and probably their ancestors, the Phoenicians. writes the late Dr. Kitto, in his Illustrated Bible (note on Lev. x 9 v.j, " had a similar law for their magistrates, who, during their term of office, and the judges and governors whilo in actual employment, were not allowed so much as to taste wine. Strong drink undoubtedly includes all intoxicating drinks other than wine."- Now kings and governors, be certified vthat ye. will never 'findBO high wisdom elsewhere,, as in God's word.' Rulers, bo ye . therefore ruled by st. Pespoil not yourselves of a part in,the honour and usefulness of the . greattemperance reformation. ."-The "grace df Lord JesuB Christ, and the love Uf God, and the communion of the-Holy Ghost, be withyou all,. Amen." 3 Coi. xiii \ 