A VICTORIAN PRIEST IN COURT FOR ASSAULT AND BATTERY. From the pugilistic feats of Father O'Calla- ghan, it would really seem as if Victorian priests thought that they were dwelling in the Emerald -Isle, where they could flourish their cow-hide whip over the backB of the faithful, or play at fisticuffs, "none daring' to make them afraid." Not unseldom, indeed, even in these colonies, priests have been known to horsewhip a drunken member of the "Holy Church," or knock down a remiss tithe-payer ; but such little freaks of priestly tyranny have hitherto always been per formed in private. Encouraged apparently by the success which has attended his private prac tice, priest O'Callaghan thinks that the time has arrived for the more public display of his pugi listic prowess. Accordingly, fortifying himself (let us hope, at least) with Dutch courage, he proceeds to celebrate Mass, nursing in his soul the stern determination to execute summary vengeance on any young sinner whom he might , detect winking at Bridget instead of devoutly watching his many genuflections. At length his discerning eye catches sight of a lad standing up at the end of the church,, and rapidly advancing up the aisle, he brought the lad to his knees with a well-directed blow. Elated by this pious termination to his labours, he struck out man fully at the head of another young man, who was already kneeling, but who for some un known reason had incurred his priestly displea sure. The young man rushed to the door, fol lowed by the strangely-excited priest, who " collared him and repeated the assault." When at length the unfortunate youth was rescued by the bystanders from the infuriated priest, his face was disfigured and "his clothes covered with blood !" For this outrageous assault and battery, priest O'Callaghan, who has been loud in his denunciations of education, secular, com pulsory, and free, was summoned before the Emerald Hill police magistrate, and mulct in the sum of £5 with £3 3s. costs, which after some demur the priest, sobered by this unlooked-for result, unwillingly paid. Bridget will have to recoup that loss. . 4. But what will Romanists say to this scandal ous outrage? Nothing, for they are taught a peculiar theory with regard to pecadilloes of . this kind . Take an illustration. A short time since a lady of our acquaintance had in hfe'r employ an ignorant and bigoted Romish servant, who went regularly to confession. Suddenly however she ceased attending, and her mistress, on asking her why, was told that she did riot care to con fess to that priest because he "got drunk" and -was generally "a bad man." After the lapse of a few months, however, she again began to attend confession, and her mistress, being of a serious turn, again asked her the reason of the change, and received for reply, "Oh, I know better now ; if the man- part of1 the priest gets drunk, , the Holy Ghost-part of him cannot get drunk !" This instructive little incident took place in New South Wales recently, and we vouch for its truth ; and indeed some such theory is absolutely necessary to explain away the moral delinquincies of " holy priest ;" arid. shocking as such a theory may appear, in the light of such a coarse example, yet it is held and taught by such respectable champions of Romanian as Dr. Milner and Cardinal Wiseman ! Thus Dr. Mil ner admits that the "greatest disgrace of the tenth century f arose from the disgraceful con duct of several of the abovenamed Pontiffs," (the Doctor gives the list, in which we find John xii, who was guilty of incest, sodomy, adultery, mur der, &c.;,.&c.;); "but evmthese,"the Doctor assures us, "performed their public duty in pre serving the faith and unity of the Church irre proachably !" (End of' Controversy, let. xxviii. ) But then, if we begin to deriounce what Cardinal Wiseman himself terms .the '.' rare but influential immorality" of these Pontiffs, that wily priest retortB that Protestants are guilty of "gross misapprehension in thus binding together the private individual character of Pontiffs arid their public conduct; and yet there is! a distinction- necessary to be kept between them. " (Lect. , p., 267). Thahk'God, Protestants are not familiar with such subtle distinctions ! Try to think of' an immoral Peter or Paul ! The very thought ' is monstrons and profane. Cardinal Wiseman r and his fellow-deceivers appeal to the case:of Judas in proof that " the foulest deed that was ever done does not impair the character of the apostfoship," (p. 266) ; but there they conveni ently forget that it is written of- Judas : - ." Let his habitation be desolate, and let no man dwell, therein, and his bishopric let another, man take." ( Acts i. , 20 v. ) ' How different from the Romish doctrine, which holds that no priest, bishop,1 or. Pope forfeits office, even by, mortal sin J. (Peter Dens, vol. 2, p. '251). In spite,,, therefore, of Father O'Callaghan 's' unfortunate escapade, he will continue to 'celebrate Mass and hear the confessions of the faithful! -It was only the , man-part of him that assaulted young Henwood and had to pay £8 3s. .for.the.luxury,? ; Let. #8. be considerate, arid make 'the '/necessary dis tinction'!" But the question will arise/When, the mqth goes. to . perdition, what will become ))f" the prie'st I' Will God recognise the distinction ? Subjoined is the Daily Telegraph's report of the outrage, March 8th : — Extraordinary Assault in a Church. At the Emerald Hill police court on Saturday , an extraordinary case was investigated, when Father O'Callaghan, a Roman Catholic priest, appeared to answer a charge of assaulting a visitor to the Bervice within the precints of the local church. On Sunday, the 14th ultimo, a youth named Frank Henwood visited the church in company with a young woman ; but as there was not sufficient room on the seat to which the latter was shown, Henwood fetired to a seat near the door. Just before the conclusion of the ser vice, Father O'Callaghan, who was the officiat ing priest, walked down the aisle to a seat imme diately in front of Henwood, and without any palpable provocation struck a boy who had been standing up while Mass was progressing. The . boy knelt aown, and then the priest, who seemed strangely excited, leaned over the pew and ; struck Henwood three distinct blows on the head. Henwood, who was devoutly kneeling, immediately rushed to the door, but before.he could pass through Father O'Callaghan, who, had followed, caught him by the collar and repeated the assault. Henwood, respecting the office: of .-, his antagonist, merely struggled . to get away, ; but it was not until several passers-by interfered that the priest desisted, when it was found that the unfortunate young fellow had received severe >7 injuries about the face, his clothes being satu rated with blood. In court on Saturday Father O'Callaghan admitted the offence, but urged in justification that Henwood had been misconduct ing himself, and that the assaulthadbeen .com-. 'mitted while turning him out. This statement .J however was flatly contradicted by Henwood, . and the bench inflicted a fine of £5, with £3 3a. : . ,:.i costs, at the same time remarking that they, .con-; -<oi sidered the assault was most unjustifiable and; derogatory to the high calling assumed by the , defendant. Father O Callagban, who had been,r, , evcessively demonstrative throughout the , pro- w,.- ceedings, at first stated his intention of going to;; gaol in preference to paying the fine, but the.,,,' amount was subsequently paid. 