A TRUE STORY. The following yarn of course would go forwothing in the domains of Uncle Sam, but certainly is not bad for this continent, and if the recounter of this simple little tale will take courage and proceed, he may yet have the satisfaction of learning that Colonel Crockett has died by his own hand. It is due to the Goulburn Advertiser to state that that paper had the honorofbeingthefirst topublish the "story of Haatei'" as followeth— " It is atonishing what zeal will tempt a man to do when he is out kangarooing.' Our friend Hastie didn't mean it, but he did it. Did what 1 Oh didn't you hear ? He ran up to a kangaroo to capture it innosently. Wejl, 'it is an innocent- lookingjrreature to be sure. But H. did not reckon on that exactly; he was only too hasty. His dog had bailedjthe kangoroo up, and up comes our friend, dismounts, and advances with the most friendly intentions. The kangaroo, who had been regarding the dog from a respectful distance, with back against a tree, like Fitz James against his immortal rock, no sooner saw his human opponent than he conceived a sudden affection for him, and advanced with a leap and a bound to embrace him. Perhaps he had a dim thought of Darwinism in his small head; but Hastie reciprocated not: lib ran. The dog howled; the kangaroo followed Hastie, the dog followed the kangaroo. Our friend had had a weapon with him, but he cither had dropped it or left it strapped on the saddle. He made for that saddle ; so did the kangaroo ; so did the dog. Our friend was conscious of a whisk on the back of the head, and of a form leaping through the air above and beyond him. Hastie thought of his grandmother, and for her sake he bolted round a tree. The kangaroo followed in pursuit; the dog, still yelping, followed the kangaroo. That dog was no good, unless to yelp. Now, in rounding a tree a kangaroo is at a disadvantage. Hecannot walk leisurely with stately step, like a native companion, or hop in moderation when a dog is at his heels, or rather his tail. At best he lias to mak9 leaps ; well, it would take four leaps in straight lines to do the work ; in fact he must square the circle. And he did, proving himself to be wiser than mathematicians. Our friend took advantage of this failing in peripatetics, and made for his horse which was not far off. The kangaroo made a bound over H.'s head and landed in the saddle, the horse snorted and madly galloped off. Now it might have been thought that the kangaroo would speedily dismount, but it couldn't. Landing with its hind feet in the smooth leather they slipped beyond recovery, and there he was a gentleman rider, holding on by the mane of a horse distraught with fright. They are at it still. The ghost hunter of the Hartz Mountains is nothing to it—horse and rider are bound to run to death. A reward will be given for their skeletons." 