CONVERSATION WITH a GHOST. One night (Lady Beresford, -wife of Sir Tristram is the speaker) when Sir Tristram md I were in bed, I awoke suddenly from i sound sleep, and found to my horror Lord Tyrone sitting by my bedside. I screamed jut, "For heaven's sake, Lord Tyrone, what brings you here at this time of night?" !< Have you then forgotten your promise ?" be said in a manner of awful solemnity. l( Did we not mutually engage to appear to each other after death ? I have just quitted the world, and am now permitted to appear to you for the purpose of assuring you -of the truth of revealed religion, and that it is the only one by which we can be saved. I am further suffered to inform you that you will in due time give birth to a son, that you will become a widow and marry again, and that you will die on your forty-seventh birthday." " Good heavens," cried I," can not I not prevent this ?" " Yes," he replied, " you ate a free agent, and can prevent it1 by abstaining from a second marriage. \ Hitherto you have had no trials. More I j am not permitted to tell you; but if after j this warning, you persist in your own j infidelity as regards religion, your lot in another world will be most miserable." "May I not ask," said I, "if you are happy ?" " Had I been otherwise," said he, " l should not have been allowed to appear to you." " I may then infer that ypu are happy ?" He smiled. " But how," said I, " when the morning comes, shall I know that your appearance before me has been real, and not the mere phantom of a dream ?" " Will not the news of my death convince you?" "No," I replied-, "I might have had such a dream, and that dream might accidentally become true. I wish for stronger proof of its reality." " You shall have such,", said he. Then, waving his hand, the crimson velvet bed curtains were instantly drawn through a large iron hoop by which the tester of the bed was suspended. " In that you cannot be mistaken, no mortal arm could have performed this." "True" I replied, u but asleep we sometimes possess greater strength than awake, Although I could not have done this when awake I might have done it in my sleep, and I shall have doubt." He then proceeded to write his name in my pocket-book, which was lying on my table, remarking, " You know my handwriting." " Nevertheless," I said, "though I could not imitate your writing when awake I might do so in my sleep." "You are hard of belief I must not touch you; it would injure you irreparably. It is not for spiritual bodies to touch mortal flesh." " I do not regard a small blemish," said I. " You are a courageous woman," said he; "then hold out your hand." He touched my wrist. His hand was as cold as ice! In an instant every sinew and nerve shrunk, leaving an indelible mark as if a pair of red hot pincers had griped me, " Now," said he, " let no mortal eyes behold that wrist; to see it would be sacrilege." He rose from bis seat walked a few steps from the bed, and laid his hand on a bureau which always stood in the room.- "In the morning," he added, " when you behold this, you will find an other proof that what you have heard and seen this night is not an idle dream, or the mere fancy of your brain." He stopped— I turned to look at him again—he was gone. During the time I had conversed with him, my thoughts were perfectly calm and col lected, but the moment he departed, I felt chilled with terror, a cold perspiration came over me, and I endeavored in vain to awake Sir Tristam in order to tell what occurred. In this state of terror and agitation I lay for some time, until a flood of tears came to my relief, when I dropped asleep. In the morning when I awoke, I found that j Sir Tristram had got up without noticing anything had happened during the night. | On rising I-found my pocket-book lying in | the usual place, with some, pencil marks in Iside,-which I knew^t once to be-in the handwriting of Lord Tyrone. I took a piece of black ribbon and bound it tightly round my wrist which presented the appear ance of having been burnt and scarred during the night; and then turning to- the bureau, I observed the impression of a man's hand deeply burnt into the lid.—" Appari tions, by the Rev. Bouchier Wray Savitle. *—. — e v" Oaufoenian Fabmino.—The experience of farmers in the United States is as much in favor of mixed farming as that of agri culturists in these colonies. Speaking of American farming, an American paper says:—" Of the two systems of agriculture in Californiaone is known as wheat-farming, in which all the skill and energy the hus bandman can command are devoted to pro ducing the largest possible quantity of the great staple. The other system in Cali fornia is that of mixed husbandry. Some grain is sown, often a portion is sold, vege tables of all kinds are raised, hay is cut, and there are orchards which yield abundantly. As much as can be well kept is on the place —poultry abounds;, and frequently there are beautiful groves of fore3t trees of the farmers' plarttinjf. It is in the valleys of Santa Clara, Pajaro, Napa, and the Russian River, where such farms are seen, and their value has increased within a few years from $10 to $100 an acre, while the advance still continues. It is worthy of note that these farmers generally began poor, that they borrowed at 2 per cent, a month, which burden they bore long, but now they are out of debt, and the majority have de posits in the savings' banks." ' O! your nose is as cold as ice,' a Boston father thought he had heard his daughter exclaim the other evening, #s he was read ing in the next room. He walked in for an explanation, but the young fellow was at the end of the sofa and the girl at the other, "while both looked so innocent and unconscious that the old gentleman con cluded his ears had deceived him, and so retired from the scene without a word. 