THE MERCURY. SATURDAY MORNING, APRIL 3, 1875. " Is human life so cheap in Tasmania that the inquest held on the 24th instant at Campania is to pass without notice Í" is the first sentence of a letter which we have received on the subject of the more recent of the two railway accidents that have during the past few days occupied the attention of two coroners and their juries, but which we regret we cannot publish, the writer having neglected to comply with the rule that requires the writers of all letters intended for publication to give us their real name and address. We have other letters on the same subject, but the question has assumed so great importance that we feel we should fail in duty if we left it to be discussed by anonymous correspondents, all of whose opinions and objects may be said to be condensed in the above quoted sentence. A most uneasy feeling pervades the public mind, and the absence at the present moment of the Attorney-General from the Colony is extremely inopportune, inasmuch as it is impossible the matter can rest where it is and yet there may be some hesitation in any of his colleagues, or his locum <«n«ns,adoptmg the decided measures which their judgment or legal knowledge may consider proper. The demand for further inquiry as to the cause of Belcher's death is strengthened by the circumstances in connection with the accident on 26th January last to the young man Lyng, brought to light at the inquest concluded on Thursday, and reported in yesterday's Mercury. Belcher met with his death on the 23rd ult., and it was instantaneous. Lyng met with his on the 20th January, but lingered for upwards of two months, and it is impossible to read the evidence given at the two inquests without being painfully impressed with the similarity of the circumstances under which the two men met their deaths, and it will therefore be perhaps the better mode of procedure if we first direct attention to the evidence given as to the earlier accident. We will thus, at any rate, ascertain the state of matters at the date of the first, and therefore be better able to judge of the circumstances connected with the second accident. In the evidence given as to the cause of the first accident, we are put in possession of the following facts In the neighbourhood of both accidents are steep inclines and sharp curves. On the occurrence of the first accident, the sharp curves played no part, but the train had at the top of an incline not been properly held in control, and in descending that incline a velocity was attained which the breaks were unable to check, and the attempt to reverse the engine proved of no effect. To the risk of such a possible accident was added the known dangerous practice of placing waggons before the engine as well as behind. There was thus prepared a state of matters under which the probable failure of the break power was made all but a certainty, and that certainty again was completely attained by attaching a weight of train load against which there could be no doubt the breaks were powerless. This will be admitted to have been bad enough ; but the worst is not told. On whatever may have been the care in providing a certain control over the engine depended the solo safety of the train. There was no subsidiary break power. Trusting to something happening that did not happen, and to something not occurring that did occur, the mechanical engineer employed by the contractors, as he told the jury, had sent out a train with which there were no appliances to work the breaks of the carriages on the day of the accident " and he added in answer to the foreman-" I have applied temporary break vans to the trains since the accident ¡" but the consolation of such an assurance is neutralized by the information that he had increased the train loads from 70. to 100 tons, and the speed from 15 to 20 miles ; the latter a very dangerous change if there is any force in the statement of Mr. Climie, Bib engineer for the contractors, that " on such an incline a driver should go about 12 miles on hour. " Such were the circumstances attending the first accident, and such the precautions since 'adopted to prevent the occurrence of a similar catastrophe ; with what result the evidence at the inquest on the body of Belcher shows. The decision of the jury, that in Lyne's case bi-ought'in'iii verdict of manslaughter against the engine-driver, is at present beyond the province of discussion. He awaits trial, and we shall respect the practice and principle that forbids prejudging a pending case ; but we do not offend against the usual reticence observed in such cases when we say that we fail to understand how, assuming the engine-driver fairly exposed to the censure inferred, the jury confined their ideas of culpability to him. The. mechanical engineer had himself left a good deal to chance, and he told the jury that the guard had acted contrary to imperative in Structions in putting trucks before the engine, that position of the trucks having unquestionably contributed to the accident. Yet the engine-driver is alone made to bear the brunt of the whole. Again, if "thoculpublo negligence" of James McCullen led to his apprehension for having caused the death of Lyne, how does it happen that the jury's rider, expressing their " opinion that the contractors of the Main Line Railway Company have been guilty of gross and culpable negligence," infers no responsibility. is poor employs, whose bread depended on his going out with trains without sufficient break power, and who was inexperienced enough not to know the danger of What he was doing, is, consequent on an ) accident, guilty of manslaughter; while his employers, presumed to have known the inexperience of the man, and who took no proper precautions to ensure the safety of that man, and of others, by the use of a proper break power, and who, knowing the unsafe condition of the train, added to the danger by allowing it to travel with a heavy load on a dangerous and insufficiently ballasted road, pass scot-free, subjected to no other penalty than an expression of the jury's opinion. We forbear judgment on the facts assumed by the jury. But we do ask, if they have correctly realised the condition of matters, how their verdict, in so far as we take exception to it, can stand the test of common sense. The verdict of the jury at the Campania inquest on the body of the man Belcher is still more incomprehensible and unsatisfactory-in- comprehensible that they should have been satisfied without the evidence of independent experts, seeing that the scientific testimony given was that of an employe of the contractors ; not objectionable on that account, but so extraordinary and so contrary to probabilities as to demand confirmation ; unsatisfactory inasmuch as the very premises on which the jury based their verdict of "death by accident and misfortune " demanded further inquiry, and the jury palpably had not before them full and exhaustive ' evidence. Assuming in the first ' place that the primary cause of the engine getting out of control was through grease being on the rails, the question imperatively demands an answer, how did such a commodity in such deadly quantity get there or getting there, why was it allowed to so remain, for its dangerous character could have been no secret, lying as it was where there was " a sharp curve of about 5 chains radius," and "an incline of 1 in 40 ?" But apart from the increased speed caused by the presence of grease on the rails, what was the evidence the jury had before them as to the subsequent cause of the accident The driver of the engine swore that when near a spot shown to the july the centre bar and coupling rod on the third waggon from the engine broke. Neither coroner nor jury asked how the witness could have seen such an accident occur even though he challenged examination, in so far as, in his examination in chief he admitted he " could not say whether the engine, being beyond control, had any influence in causing the accident." The fireman on the engine merely swore to the engine going pretty fast round the curve, and to five of the waggons there toppling over ; but he adds " the five waggons were dragged," a circumstance so singular, if the centre bar and coupling iron had first snapped, that neither of the fireman's suppositions will account for such a phenomenon. The contractors' engineer did not see the accident, but he deposed that, having heard the evidence of the engine driver, he was " perfectly satisfied that the breaking of the coupling had caused the accident, a confidence that would seem also to have inspired the jury ; but, if we may judge from what we hear, is entertained by no one else. As a correspondent said in a letter published on Friday last, the evidence of the witnesses examined do not agree with natural causes, or the known physical laws regulating them. These forbid the idea that a coupling bar should break whilst coming down an incline, and all the probabilities are that, instead of the breaking of the bar causing the capsize of the waggons, the capsizing of the waggons while turning round a sharp curve in a steep incline caused the snapping of the coupling bar. These probabilities are so strong, and the explanation given so lame that further investigation is demanded in the interest of the company and contractors, and, as a duty to the public, who will not be satisfied till a more convincing answer has been obtained as to what caused the accident, than was afforded to the jury ' , '' Anglican Synod The Synod will probably terminate its sittings to-day. The whole of yesterday was occupied with the consideration of the Northern Finance Committee's report, Dr. Craig's motion for the appointment of a missionary chaplain, and the bill to enable churchwardens to borrow money for church purposes, under certain restrictions, which was partially passed through committee. Dr. Craig's motion, after some discussion, was passed, after these words had been inserted, " when the contributions proposed in the resolution shall have been collected." Erratum. In the report of Dr. Craig's Bpeeohat the Synod on Thursday, in proposing the appointment of a missionary chaplain, he was made to say that there were a number of persons about the centre of his district (Campbell Town), would be glad of the visit of a clergyman. The rev. gentleman alluded to the centre of the island, in a district called Maryborough, far over the ranges from Campbell Town. We make this correction gladly, because our report would lead to the belief that Dr. Craig could not, or did not attend to the spiritual wants of the people of his own district. " The Christian Witness. "-" It is high time," commences the first leader in to-day's Witness, " that this silly and suicidal cry (North and South were discarded and consigned to the limbo of forgetfulness," a sentiment which we need scarcely say has our warm approval. The Witness thinks that Mr. Innes has now before him the opportunity of his public career. " As Treasurer of perhaps the most powerful Cabinet-as we believe it is one of the most honest which Tasmania has seen for many a year, he will have ample opportunity of giving effect to the experience of the past The second leader is on " magnificent heroism," and refers to Dr. Livingstone, upon the action of the Government, in opening the telegraph offices on Sundays, the Witness takes a most narrow-minded view, and one which we are sure is shared in by very few persons, It thinks it is " a step in the wrong direction-an introduction of a principle which we trusted was not to influence us in Tasmania, whatever it might effect elsewhere." Surely our contemporary does not intend to make any comparison between the opening of telegraph offices and the opening of museums and public libraries, and such like institution ? Bishop Formby's address is referred to, not criticised. The remainder of the contents, which are varied; include the first part of a discourse preached before the Congregational Union, at Launceston, last month, by the Rev. W. C. Robinson. The Rev. T. E. O. Mell.-The Witness) is authorised to state that a cordial invitation has been sent to Mr. Moll, who has become a minister of the Congregational Church, after having been connected with the Primitive Methodists for many years, to assume the pastorate of the Congregational churches on the North-west Coast, in succession to the Rev. Mr. Masters, now of Camden College, Sydney. Negotiations are now in progress with a view to this settlement. Sunday Service The Rev. T. E. 0. Moll will to-morrow preach at the Presbyterian Church, O'Brien's Bridge, at eleven o'clock and at Risdon Chapel at three o'clock in the afternoon. At the Mariners' Church, service will be conducted by the Rev. R. D. P. Harris. At the Melville street Wesleyan Church, the Rev. F. E. Stephenson will preach a valedictory sermon in the evening, Gospel Addresses at the People's Hallett is announced in our advertising columns that special Gospel services will be delivered during the current month by Mr. H. D. Rainey, Evangelist, lately of Melbourne, at the People's Hall, Bathurst-street, on Sundays at 7 p.m., Thursdays at 7.30 p.m., and Saturdays at 8 p.m. Bille Society. In consequence of the annual meeting of the society being held next month, friends and collectors are reminded by advertisement that all moneys intended for insertion in the forthcoming report, should be forwarded during the current month. I ' New Town Puiilic"Sciiool.-Applications from persons desirous of filling the position of female pupil teacher at the New Town public school, will be received by the Chairman of the Board of Education, on or before Monday the 12th inst. I. O G. T. Anniversary The first yearly festival of the Star of Promise Juvenile Lodge of Good Templars, New Town, was celebrated on Monday last, the whole of the arrangements being carried out by the officers of the Parent Lodge, the Good Design, No. 29. For some time previously very little had been talked about by the young Templars of New Town but the expected treat on Easter Monday, and, when the afternoon arrived, it found but few missing from their ranks. By the kindness of a friend to the cause, two spacious paddocks were placed at the disposal of the committee, and from 2 p.m. until dusk, the youngsters made the place ring again with their merry shouts, in fact, fully proving to the most casual observer that the fine bracing air of New Town must be good for strengthening the lungs. About half-past four, somewhere near ninety set down to tea, in the first batch, and it is needless to say that justice was fully done to it immediately after, the Good Designers, and friends, to the number of forty, followed suit,' sending the, youngsters off to their games, again. The company separated about. dusk, everybody expressing themselves thoroughly stifled sigh the afternoon's entertainment. H.M.S.S. Barracouta. His Lordship the Bishop of Tasmania, accompanied by his chaplain, yesterday visited the Barracouta, and met with a cordial reception. Our fellow citizens will learn with regret that the stay of this vessel at Hobart Town will necessarily be much shorter than originally intended. Six of the hands are in the hospital on board ill with typhoid fever, which disease shows signs of increasing. Yesterday afternoon one of the hands named west was removed to the General Hospital, also suffering from fever. As the whole of our hospital accommodation is engaged, the vessel will have to proceed to Sydney, leaving here for that purpose on Sunday morning. Both officers and men are loth to leave Hobart Town so soon, and express the hope that at no distant date they will again drop anchor in Sullivan's Cove. Sailing Races This afternoon the Derwent Sailing Boat Club race, postponed from 20th ult., will take place. The following boats have entered Linda, (W. Peacock), Foam, (W. Tar- leton), , Fleetwing, (J Turner), Garibaldi, (F. Pedder) and Iris, (J. Hayle). The race will be started at half-past two o'clock, and the boats will sail round the usual course. At the same time a race between the yacht Foam and passage boat Caroline will be started. The course for the latter race is from the Esplanade, round a buoy moored off Droughty Point, and back to the place of starting. Theatre Royal Last evening Mr. Towers' drama of Grateful was repeated, and met with success similar to that which greeted its first appearance. The pit and upper circle were well filled, and the dress circle presented a good appearance. Of the acting we may say that " Gratty " (Miss Rosa Towers) gained the hearts of the audience from the time that she took care of the children, who were abandoned by their mother, to the close of the drama, when, by her aid, was frustrated the murderous plans of the destroyer of her master's happiness. "Toney Barker" (Mr. Frank Towers) greatly amused the audience by the manner in which he urged the advantages of his matrimonial agency. The other characters were also very well sustained. We would suggest that an improvement be made in the shifting of the scenery. At present it is very clumsily done. Grateful will be repeated this evening. Police Court.-At the Police Court yesterday morning, Mr. Tarleton and Mr. Downing presiding, in a maintenance case of Messiter v. Messiter an order was made for the payment of 12s. weekly by the husband towards the support of his wife. One or two cases of drunkenness and disorder were also disposed of. valedictory Dinner to Mr. E. Symmons, of Carrick. - Yesterday's Chronicle, says : " The farewell dinner to Mr. Richard Symmons, a gentleman who for many years has been identified with agriculture pursuits in Tasmania, more especially in reference to the exportation of pure bred Tasmanian horse stock to New Zealand, took place at Carrick last evening. The dinner was served at Blair's Hotel, Carrick, where a sumptuous repast was provided ; the way in which it was spread reflecting the hightest credit on the host and hostess. The attendance was very numerous, all the leading influential agricultural residents of Carrick and the principal tradesmen being present. The company numbered over 100 persons, and the utmost cordiality and good feeling prevailed. The Rev. Thos. Reibey presided, and the vice-chairs were occupied by Mr. Daniel Burke, Warden of Westbury, and Mr. John Millar of Westbury. The Eastern Extension Australasia and China Telegraph Company, Limited. Number of paid telegrams transmitted through this company's cable from Port Darwin, for the week ending Friday, March the 19th, 1875 ; Sent from the colonies : South Australia, 12 ; Victoria, 34 ; New South Wales, 25 ; Queensland, 3 ; Tasmania, 1 ; New Zealand, 6 ; West Australia, 0 ; total, 81. Sent to live colonies: South Australia, 3 ; Victoria, 18 ; New South Wales, G ; Queensland, 4 ; Tasmania, 0 ; New Zealand, 2 ; West Australia, 0 ; total, 33. Total number of messages, 114. Tasmanian art in Sydney The fourth annual exhibition of the New South Wales Academy of Art opened on Saturday, the 27th ult. and, according to the Herald, proved decidedly the most attractive exhibition the society has yet been able to produce ; the number of exhibits was greater, and, on the whole, were of a higher order of merit than those exhibited on previous occasions. Of the oil paintings, New South Wales contributed 38, Victoria 13, Tasmania 7, and Queensland 1. Of the water-colours, 53 are the production of the colony, 7 come from Tasmania, and 2 from Queensland. The seven oil paintings referred to, come from the easel of Mr. W. Piguenit, of Hobart Town, who last year carried away the silver medal among the amateur exhibits, and also the Agricultural Society's medal. Respecting Mr. Piguenit's exhibits the Herald says : " The silver medal to amateurs was not awarded, and thus there being a medal to spare, the judges have very properly recommended it to be awarded as an extra prize to Mr. Piguenit, of Tasmania, for his views of Mount Olympus, Tasmania (No. 25 a work of great merit. This paint- ing represents a spot on the tableland of Tasmania, near the sources of the River Derwent a highly romantic bit of scenery, which has been treated by this rising artist in his happiest manner. The bold, rugged mountain peak is shown, partly shrouded in mist, through which the sunbeams penetrate here and there, with a rainbow-like reflection. The colour- ing throughout is clear, transparent, and natural. The same artist shows six other choice bits of Tasmanian scenery. No. 26 represents the Craycroft, between Port Davey and Macquarie Harbour, on the south-west coast of Tasmania. No. 27 is a view, of the Huon River, which takes its rise in the Gordon Valley, and falls into the sea in D'Entrecasteaux Channel. The scene represented in this picture is about sixty miles from the mouth of the river ; it is a delicious little bit of pastoral scenery, and has been happily treated by the artist. No. 28 is an instance of Mr. Piguenit's versatility, this being a sea piece, while the rest of his exhibits are landscapes. The subject is Tasman's Island and the south-eastern cape of Tasmania. The bold head hands, with their peculiar geological formation, are well delineated, and a storm, rising apparently in the south-west, throws the middle distance of the picture into bold relief ; a small coasting vessel in the right foreground is apparently running for shelter from the coming storm. This is, next to the exhibit that took the prize (No. 25). perhaps the most effective picture shown by Mr. Piguenit. He also exhibits (No. 29) Mount Wellington, from the Risdon Road near Hobart Town ; (No. 30 a view of the Shannon, a tributary of the Derwent and (No. 31 a sketch of the southern side of Lake St. Clair, showing Mount Olympus in the distance. All three are pleasing views, the former in particular exhibiting clever atmospheric effects. The society's certificate of merit was- awarded to our own towns woman, Mrs. A. Williams, for her pictures of "The Desert," and "The Doll's House." It is intended to remove all the exhibits to the Agricultural Society's exhibition, which will open on the 6th j hist. ' Parliamentary "Speeches." During a debate on the recent Ministerial crises in New South Wales, which took place in the House of Assembly on the 24th that. Mr. Lloyd rose to reply to certain statements made by the Hon. Minister for Lands, (Mr. Garrett), Mr. Llyod referred specially to the trumpery questions on which the late Ministry went out, namely, the Gardiner question ; he denied that the late Government dissolved the House on that question, but contended that one of the principal causes was the obstruction offered to them by the then Opposition and he intimated in support of the assertion, that the hon. Minister for Lands had made no less than 520 speeches in one session, chiefly in criticism of the actions and policy of the late Government. Singular Death The Sydney Evening News reports a death which occurred at Newtown, New South Wales, under peculiar circumstances. The deceased was a woman named'Vonturra, the wife of a German. Dr. Watson was called in one morning by Ven turra, who stated that he had been obliged to leave his bed the night previous on account of his wife's bad temper, and sleep in the shop. Venture would give no satisfactory answers to the doctor's inquiries (the woman herself was unable to speak English), and he refused to allow him to assault the woman's chest. Being informed that the deceased suffered from worms, Dr. Watson prescribed some powders. She was then suffering from hysteria, attendant upon ill-temper. At 7 o'clock at night Dr. Watson called again, and found the hysteria increased, and he prescribed further remedies, but without avail, as the woman died at half-past 11. Dr. Watson ascribed death to syncope, caused by bad temper. I A Novel, Tovrkamkst.-The New York Herald states that a printers' tournament, being a contest in type-setting, took place on 6th December last, at Washington, with the following result The first Class The type nonpareil. Time, three hours. The first prize, a solid gold composing stick, won by S. N. Bannerman, who set 5070 ems ; second prize, a solid silver composing stick, full newspaper sire, won by R. A. M'Lean, who set 4998 ems 2 third prize, a "Menamin's Encyclopaedia of Printing," W. W. McCallum, who set 4720 ems. Second Class: Time, 1 hour 30 minutes. W. W. Maloney was awarded a silver composing stick, newspaper size, having set 2278 ems ; Frank A. M'Gill, a German silver composing stick, full blaze, 2250 ems; H. W. Hartman, "Harpol'sTypograph," 2187 ems. Long Primer Class : Time, 1 hour 30 minutes. J R. M'lindo was awarded the first prize, a solid gold composing stick, breastpin size, having set 2128 ems ; G. J. S. Hunnicutt, " American Euclyolopnidia of printing," 2037 ems ; H. C. Turtleton, a thermometer, 1988 eniB. The tournament took place in the National Republican Office. The decisions were made in accordance with rules previously established, and none were present except the judges, referee, and proof-reader. The tournament was closed with a grand banquet at night. Some students fixed up a ghost and placed it on the staircase of a Tory newspaper office the other night, and then retired and Waited development. One of the editors came along, and didn't got frightened. He disrobed it, and now wears a fifteen-dollar pair of pantaloons, a ten-dollar vest, a seven-dollar pair of boots, and an eight-dollar hat, while one of the students'irbes about without a veil, and another roams around through the less frequented streets wearing a wy ancient pair of fneiprciilblci, 