A SnRMON FOIL Non-sunclltn?ltas.-An Amcrican journal thus remonstrates with the worthlcsas persons who systematically read newspapers which other people have paid for:-" We suppose there must be. at a modest alculation, between 1500 and 200,) persons in this vicinity who got newspaper reading for nothling, including the unsuciable indivilunls who steal papers Irons other people's doors, or borrow from their neighbours, or loaf around wheore a newspaper is subscribed for and paid for, and monopolise it, to ctle exclusion of the rightful owner. We have had several subscribers stop their sub scription, for no fault to our carriers, as they ad mitted, In non-delivery, but because their papors after delivery were taken by somd individual as short of conseleneo no of cash, who would take possession of it. Thus, a nowepaper which ought to be well supported by a community, is made to support the town in a measure -that is it is expect ed to live without resources, and to advertise thle life and business of a town without the support which is requisite to enable it to keep up a metro politan standard of excellence. An individual should blush to read' habitually what another person pays for, .Thero are too many such people who road' papers which they do not pay for, and this is for their eyes especially, for the purpose of searing their conscience, if they havo any." EFFECT, op IMrAoGIATION.-Many yeaars ago, a celebrated French physican, author of an excellent work on the el'ects of Imagination, wished to combine theory with prnctice, in order to confirm tihe truth of his proposition. To this end, he beg ged the Minister of Justice to allow him to try an experiment on a criminal condemned to death. Tihe minister consented, and delivered to him an assassin i of distinguished rank. Our savant sought the I culprit. and thus addressed Iime:--'Sir, several wiho are interested in your family have prevailed on thejudgo not to require of you to mount the S ecalfold and expoos yourself to the gaze of the a populace. H1 Ihas, therelore, commuted your ( sentence, and sanctions your being bled to death within the precin:ts of your prison; your dis solution will be gradual, andi free from pain." The 1 criminal submitted to his filto; thought his family would be less disgraced, and considered it a filvour a not to be compelled to walk to the place of public a execution. lie was conducted to the appolnted room where every preparation was made bolorohand, II his eyes were bandaged; lie was strapped to a table; sa and at a preconcerted signal, four of his veins were gently pricked with the point of i pin. At each I corner of the table was a stuall fountain of water, so ri contrived as to flow gently into basins placed to o receive it. The patient believing tint it was lis blood he heard flowing, gradually became weak; and c, conversation of tle' 'doctors in an undertone con- c fIrmedlilm in this opinion. "What fine blood I,, said one. " What a pity this man should becon- a deunnod to die; lie would Ilavu lived a long time." / " Hush!" said the other: then approaching the first, hu asked him in a low voice, but so as to be heard by p the crimin:l. " How many pounds of blood are there n in the human body?" "Twenty-four. You see t already about ten pounds extracted , that man is j now in a hopeless state." The physicians, thlen rt-ceded by degrees, and continued to lower their a voices. The stillness reigning in the apartment, broken only by the dripping fountaiis, the sound a of which was also gradually lessened, so affected the brain oi the poor patient, that although a man of very strong constitution, lie fainted and died with out haiving lost a drop of blood. A Goon FKLL.OW.-The Boston Ierald tells this: -' In the contonial festivities the following incident c occurred in a Southend saloon. A friend had Invited one of the South Carolina soldiers into the saloon to a put another turf on tie buried hatchet. While standing at the bar a stranger came in. The e Carolinian suddenly dropped his glass and closely U eyed the stranger. Iis gaze was so steady and g peculiar that the friend began to be alarmed, and to fear that the hatchet was about to be dug up aainl. t Th'e Carolinian asked the stranger if le knew him. There was no recognition, whereupon the Carolinian d asked him if lie was not inl til late war. ' Yes,' was b thei reply. And youe was stationed atsacuh a plaod?' f 'Yes.' ' Well I thought so,'replied the CaroliianI, and raising li halat, showed a large scar on his foru- I head, saying, ' There's your sabre mark, my boy; up and take a drink.'" I K?I- AMIMOtNIA IN THE IlOUSI:.-NO hott0so keeper slioud be without a bottle of spirits of ammo nia; for its medical v.tile it is invaluable tor house hold purpose. It is nearly as useful as soap. and its cheapness brings it within reach of all. Put a t teaspoonful of ainnioni;a to a quart of warm i soapsuds, dip in a flannel cloth, and wip off' the dust and fly-speckn, and see for yourself ihow much t labor it will save. No tcrubhing will bo needed. 11 It will oloanso and brighten silver wonlidrfully ; to a pint of sulds nix It teaspooInul of spirits, dip in your silver Stpoons, torks. etc., rub with ai brtshl, and polish witli rchamois skin. For washing mirrors and windows it is very desirable ; put a few drops of ammonia on a piece of paper and it wi 1 I readily takeoffevery spot or finger-mark on tie glass. It will take out greasi spots from every fabric; put on the ammonia nearly clear, lay blotting | paper over tle place, and press a hot flat.iron oion it for a few moments. A lew drops will cleran laces and whiten them as well, also muslins. 'lThen it is ia most refreshing agent at the toilet tall ; i few drops in a basin of water will make a butti r b:tlh than pure water, and if tihe skin is oily it will i remove all glossiness and diesgr'eeable odour.. Adrd to a lootbatll it entirely absorbs all noxious smell. so often arising from the feet in warm weather, and nothing is better for cliaiting the hair from tl ldandruff and dust, Fur clocuing the hair and nail p brushes it is equally good. Put a teaspoonnll of iiaminontia Into oer pint of water, and shake tie brushes through tile water. When tlihy look white take thent and rinze themt in water, and put themr in the sunshline or in a warm place to dry. Tho dirtiest brushel will come out of this bithi white and clean. For tih headache it is a desirable stimulant ; a frequent inhaling of its pungent odours will uften removu head colds. Theoro is no bettor reoredy for heartburn and dyspepsia, and the aroma tic spirits of ammonia are especially prepared for these troubles. Ten drops of it in a wine glass are often a great relief. The spirits of ammonia can be taken in the same way, but it is not as palatable. If you desire roses, geraniums, fuchslas, &c.;, to becorno more flourishing, you can try it upon them, by adding five or six drops to every pint of warm water you'give them, but don't, repeat* the dosa for more than five or six days, lest you stimulate C them too highly. So be sure and keep a large bottle in the house, and Ilave a glass stopper to it, as it is very evanescent. "It is not often." says a " friend" from Pennsyl vannia, " that I puff a hotel ; but when I pay my bill at the rate of four dollars a day for sleeping in the * milky way' and feeding on a bill of fare, it's a privilege and a pleasure to mention such ia institu tion. Tho Atlanta (Georca) is the largest hotel, I presume, in the world. Many people who go up in the sky- parlours to repose never come down, but go right on through to heaven without change of elevators, and those who have wrote back say tey t could smell the hair-oil on the hair of the clerks all the way up. The halls are so long and winding that many waiters get lost while going after a pitcher of water, and are never heard of till their remains are found years after. I wont in there one morning and ordered breakfast. A small coloured boy took my ordpr, and it was so far to the kitclhe that he was grown arid grey headed when he got back. The hotel is a very large hotel, and every thing about it is large, from the feet of the clerks to the mouths of the waiters, to the bills. It is providled with all modern conveniences, hot and cold water, bay windows, idiots, dirty sheets, everything It miake the traveller happy, including an under tltkcr's establllmcinnt for thile acoonmodation of such boarders as starve to deatlh whilst waiting for the waitors. It is a very largo hotel, and everybody stops there just once." On board of a steamer running between San, 1Franclsco and Patialia. svoivral passengars were dis cussing the probable nationility of a vory tall alim foreign lady who put on unusual airs, and who it was said represented herself as belonging to a titled flumily. ' I think she is a Swede,' said one. ' A ,hui;mI, more likely,' ventured another. ' I should tn..' remarked another member of the group, ' that she loooks imore like a Pole.' VinotiNrA once more conies to the front with the sword of Lord Cornwallis, exliumed near Iicdlmond this time. This only makes 13 swords, and you know Cornwalile had over40 buckled around him. -Delroit Free Press. CouanrTEsss.-Always acknowledge all courtosles in a kindly spirit. Tlhros a bouquet and a card of thanks to a screnading party, it not prepared to invitothem in. It you haven't a bouquet or a cardl at hand, throw a bootjack, or a brick, or anything of that sort, just to show your. appreciation of'tle kindntiess intended. Pnoonsserv tenchen to pupl 'of tho period;- " SBralh Janeo Iookor, just take that cliewing gum " out of your mouth. Littlegirls wiho chow gum In school need never expect 'to'becoreio Presideut of timhe United States'"-Americqn Paper. " A word to thoe wise is saullclent.i A reward of tci centos is hereby offIred to know w;lctt thist word is.-Yonkcrs Gazette" , It is " sumlcieut,' "and so will thli teu cents bc.--Bototon Couri. . , ' " * -'ar Fe-Yntr .4,,t.b Ii~ DnAD Loolts.-FalIse urls. ODE oN Itor.AND.-'I'he Nihtional Debt. Fox's MhisLTYs.-Ducks. fowls, turkeys,, and geese. To .BAoct.Lous.-- The best way to rise in a lady's estimation is not by stares. A" ' Rnrll."-Small boy : Will you Iet me coal you a cah. sir ? Ilalpy Blan : Ca' me what dooah like. o'on't care a dash what ye ca' mo.- Judo. A s Vstr IN OF Tlll FUTUlru.-Fend M?namh: Suppnse, Arnoldl. I sh mul die. and papa omarrill anther maIlnia. what would you do ? Dutiful apn : Oh/ I Iho'ld go the wedding.. IVnArr is le dift:rence between a n.ailor Ina storm and it plucky llgilliat -Onio Is lushtl, to tld' unast; n?d1 the other is mashed totlihelatit., ! ; 'llIttrl:d s a notice on) a suburban garden fengo which reels thus: -".Positively, no more stealing allowed ,m those prominoso N. o oeceptions." A. ctu:StltT pronoUlcees q9I of iturpentinqito.,bi:a hydrohlimthylisapropohylb enzol of the 'para series.. We should think " turps " solands better, W" ru?n you gluarhrlIduhydui conduct while l London ?" asked i.f'ather dfl is ,son, who had just returned ItOlm a visit fro.m-the city. " Yes, sir; part of the timnlby two, llicenluon" ' \ Tayintro, o' ?it: stvoos,.-If theoro is anything calculated to tce cvenl a imain ofthe. qpoet rcUgreQ conttitdtiOn fiervodius' it' to- lave tCt ' tl Tflihree childroae standing '.around,: oeating bread' and mol. asses, when his new clothes comrn homu.-IBrooklyt Argus.... .. .1 A"WIUAT's your business?" asked the jlldge of, i prisoner at the bar. " Well, s'poso you might ,call me a tlocesmith." 'Wihen did you lbast work at,your trado?" " Last night; whenii I heard a call for the Any thing Midas toilhed wals turned to gold. Iti these days, toluh:a man01 with gold and hio'll turn into anything. . yoon and beautiful widow was about to iarry a ricli old wthiiwe'r. HIer friends wisheld to know what she wanted to marry for. She 'repliedll, " Fo pure love. I love tilhe ground" (meaning the astateo probably) "on wldeh he walks." IHow to raise boets-take hol I of the topns anti pull. Advice to lovers: When you cannot catch the last care at night, take a "buss" insterd. Tur. deluge was a " long and successfull relgn."; account,-Alllerican paper. FAst rL.Y Exelllri:. .-An editor, who Isl evidently a man tl family. sagely remarks that na boy who will yell like a Tartar if a drop of water! gets on his shirt-band when his nook is being waslled, will crawl through a sower after a ball and thinkl nothing of it, " It's a desp-r't thing," said old Joe Smykore, "ia desp-r't thing that are young couple, whCo'vo bhon blllin' an cooing' and makin' eyes at one another for a mouth, have now gone to thie minister and got a permit to so0 Ii they can't keep it up for a lifetime." A ghost who has been disturbing the people in Pittsburg, was warned in the papers that lhe was known and would see trouble if he didn't make him - self scarce. i1e hasn't been seen since, which shIows how olosely ghosts keep the run of the papers. Tile Woman Question-" Can you let mne have £5 this mornig ?" The Mlan Queation-" What' did you do with the shilling I gave you last week ?" " What can be more Iharrowing to your soul than the thought of wasted olpportullities ?" asked a teacher of a bright boy. " A peg in lly boot harrows my so1lo moro'n anything else." 