Ar Exnoaournaa IrtK GaxoaT.--'Ths sefdet Rset[ctter oontains a long account of the doings of a ghost at Cookatows, who seems to claim ausilty with the pestilent mysterious stene.throrers of Clerkenwell, London. The Cookstown vseitant proceeds with his work of deetruction as vigorously as ever, setting at dofiance all efforts to disnover the asnsei. A seigh rustle is heard in the sitting-rooms, and it I disnovered that a pair of window curtains is destroyed, If a hasdfull had been torn from the middle of eah. A hat is laid down, and in a few minutes it is found with the bhim cut through to the band, and torn away on each side. A pair of boots is mining, and disooverd in the garden hacked into pieees. The nature! cn sequenee of the contiunanae of this miserable bosiam is that the people seem to be relapsing into old sopor stitious notions of a htsndred years ego. Old ghost stories that ased to entertfin our grandfthosm when they wero children ane revived and emirulatedam children ran from the deepening gloom of thb evening end take up their stations in tho chimney corner. TIe ghost, the correspondent says, bids fair to luss it present locale strictly it aeeordaoe withhse terms of its fiat annonncement-namely, for the spre of•a year and a day. By the fay, this unties was •de~m to the door of its iahabitstion for the timehbeing, nsd consisted of a sheet of paper, on whisbhthheuhsnwri ing bore samistakable reemblanes to the caigmrph7 ordinarily done by au expert human had. Bheotl after the appearenes of this jntimation, it waud eecm as if it had changed its ghostly mind, as a sisila crmp of paper faatened on the door of a house noase the eestre of the town, conveysd ths dismal tidings to the terrified occupants that it purposed tabing up its quarters with them, hot up to the present time the promise has not been redeemed. No doubt it will keep its word, and when east abroad upon the waid from its present abode will hold them is dulifetre. membruoe. A few days ago a mirumstance,or, to speak in spiritualistin language, a manifeslation.os eurred, which some imagine confutes the idsa of a ghost altogether. A wearing coat and a pair ofloo ere locked up for the night to make oertain of their peorent safety for the next day's nse, as ear l tock and hey could guarotee it. When produoed is the morn log and ecem'ned no mare of otheir laviagben tam pored wish were apparent. The onser, ua an other peoros would do, [ preome, thoughtlessly laid ne of hishboota by his side on the floor 'whilo he drew the ether on; Io! when he lifted it again the upper part was out away. The coat had been thrown on a chai to wait its turn, but when taken up as found to be mines a sleere. The inference from this is that so long as anything is well secured it is out of dangesr, or when it is out of the reach of human hands the ghost does not hurt it. " The Catlholic Union held its annual meeting on the 21st January in the Catholic Unirersity, Dublin. The Earl of Grouard presided. Oardinal ullen, the Roman Coatholie Primate, and a numberof the bishop. were present. The following members of Parliament attended :--?ajor O'Reilly, Captain Nolan, Mr. Pay, Senjnst Sherlock, Mr. Edmond Desae, Mr. M'Carthy, Mr. Meldon, Mr. Philip Cafian, and Mr. Jameslar ten. The Cardinal left eson after the proeaedings upened, owing to ill health. ThePresident cengraem lated ths meeting on the preospats of the Union. Ple number of members and associates had inereased dana' lno the year from 430 and 1700 to 140 membars and 00)0 associates, end a namber of local branches had been established. While perfecting this orgasittiomn they had not been unmindlut of the objects of the Union. On the 28th anuieerosry of the coronation of the Pope they presented as address, to which his Holi ness replied, conferring on the members of the Union Cthe Apostolic benediction. They had also sent an ad dross of sympathy to the permecated bishops of ser many and Brasil, and had watahed all Oatholis ques tions in Parliament. Ttrnsgh their uforts increaed facilities would be efforded Catholio soidiees to attend their religious duties on the holy days of the Ohorae. The action of the Government in this matter entitled them to thanks. The necessity for the existence of she Union wass more imperative at peesent than in the pant. He did not se that Catholic interests were in • a more prosperous state titan they were formerly ! the persecution of the Churchl, whether in Rome, in Ger masy, or at home, wso as virulent as ever, wbile the spoliation of the Charc, in Italy was esutinned with increased aetisity. Speaking of home affairs, hemight be permitted to allude to the painful exhibition wheh • they had recently witneased of a great statesman whone name had hitherto been respested in this eoun try, but who made the most unfair and ofieblive so eusations against Catholics. The attack was not a matter of surprise, howerer, es there wa not a body, from the House of Lords downwards, with whish Mr. lsdstone had not come into collision. The object of his last attaek was obhiously the reunlt of the dcisiso ef the hierarchy of Ireland not to surrender their long.arouwd principles on the subject of education, and beeouse of this they were to be held up as objeats of ridicule. Esen the character of the Pope had basn attaeked, and his charity to his former employes was ridiculed by Mr. Gladstone. Heoslutiona were adopted pledging loyalty to the Pope as spiritual sabjeteh, c cognising him as the infallible teacher of God's HToly Chrohr on earth, and sympathising with him in his overwhelming and protractd effi o iotnet repudiatrlg with pate and surprise the assertion of Mr. laldstone tltnt aeeeptaace of the infallible decrees oa the Vatican Council woea incompatible with the duty and pmctiee of dieil allegiance; approving of tbs action of the Council in repudiating in the name of the Catholics of ireland the snti- Christias and snti-soeial doctrines propounded at the meeting ofthe British Association s and persecution of the Church s and renesieg the arowal of their adhesion to the principles ao often enunciated by the prelates on thesabjeet of edueation. expressing profound sorrow at the continued plunder The Gorernment of India have decided (says the flew of Iudio) that no oficer with the smallest taint of immorality about him can become a candidate for admission to the Staff`Corps. Like OCsar's wife, the members of that body mast he above suspicion of looseness in their moral character. Officers who herc had the misfortune to break the seventh commandment have no chance of a share iu the Staff Corps primea. We hear that a young Bengal officer who lately sent in an application for the Staff`Corps had it returned to him with an inlimation that Government declined to entertain his applioation on the ground of his im morality. When we say that the officer figured as a no.respondent in a certain Indian divorce eaos last year, we base said enough. The following amusing ineident ocourred on the North London Ruilway. A attort time sloes a par seoger remarked in tCIe heariog of one of the companu'a serrunts ho enasy it was to "do" the company, and said he often traoelled from Broad-street to Daston Jutlction without a ticket-" anyone can do it--I did st ersterdoy." hlten hs aliihted he was followed by the olicinol, who aeked him how it was done. Por a consideration he agreed to tell him. This being given, "Now," said tho inquirer, how did you go rom Broadoatroet to Dalston Junction yemterdait witltout a ticket P" "Oh," was the reply, "I walked. 