Witt rntin Jpnmor ' A shareholder— A ploughman, A orystal ghost— A glass shade. A stomp apt— Treading on people's toes. How to be wise— Don't think that you know everything. A gentleman haying a musical sister, being asked 'what branoh she excelled in, declared that the piano was her forte. A thief who fell Into a fit of abstraction, and got lost in thought, after wandering awhile in nis own mina, iouna nimseu at uat in tne arms of a policeman. A Callfornlan's matrimonial advertisement winds up as follows:— 'Fortune no object, but should require the gal's relations to deposit £300 with me, as security for her good behavior.' A- butcher sold a sailor a ham on credit, but finding in a few days that he had gone to sea, he growled, ' If I'd a known that he wasn't going te pay for it, I'd a charged him 3d. more a pound for it— the rascal !' Professor Haeokel sjys : ' We are justified In supposing that the primitive man must have been a woolly-haired, prognathous, dolioocepha lous being, of a dark- brown or blackish color.' —Glad the thing is explained; it always puzzled us a little. ' Can't you make any allowance for a man's being drunk?' ' Certainly,' said the Judge ; 'I'll allow you three days' imprisonment.' A student was reprimanded by the professor for his lateness at morning prayers, and exousei himself on the plea that the prayers took place too late. 'How,' said the professor, 'is six o'clock too late?' 'Yes, sir,' replied the student. 'If you had them about four I could attend, but no man could be expected to stay up till six.' A New York wag bet $500 that he would call a popular preaoher an ' old hoss' in publio,' and win applause by it. He attended a meeting held by tae missionary, and when they were pasBing round the plate he rose, and stretching out his hand, exclaimed, ' Here's a hundred dollar note for the old boss in the pulpit !' which remark was greeted with applause. He made $400 by the little joke. The Kentucky people believe in having a good time. At an old- fashioned dancing party the other n?3ht, to which several women came with the?? babies, Berne younj men changed the clothes of the infants while their parents were ianoi-j'?, and mixed them up generally. On the following &. sy there was a great commotion — bey . babies had unaccountably ohanged to girls, and, as the famil'ci lived miles apart, it took several days to restore the innocents to their respective mothers. A recent Hamlet proposed to play the part of the Dane in a red cloak, which intention was reported to a Shakesperean actor of the old echool, who said, ' Veiy well ; I do not see anything shocking in that.' ' But is it right,' asked his intarlocutor, 'in that?' 'I dare say it is, ' said the actor ; ' ' xed was the color of mourning in the Royal house of Denmark.' ' But how do you get over this,' persisted the other, quoting 'Tis not alone my inky cloak, good mother r 'Well,' said the old Shak sperean, calmly, ' I suppose that there is such a thing as red ink?' .. Soqueplan was the first manager ia Paris who filled up his company with young lady novices, who were no actresses, and who were usually glad to pay out of their own pookats for the privilege of appearing on the stage. One of these amateurs once declared to a friend that sne was aoout to leave tne Variete because Roqueplan had raised all the actresses' salaries. . Upon being remonstrated with and told that she ought to be delighted at such a measure, ' Yon don't understand, 'replied the indignant carte devisiie aott&a;', 'I used to give Reque plan sixty francs a month, and now he wants a hundred!' - An Aberdeenshire laird, who kept a very good poultry yard, could not command a fresh egg for his breakfast. One day, however, he met his grieve's wife going towards the market, and very suspiciously, with a nice basket On passing and speaking a word, he discovered the basket was full of beautiful white eggs. Next time he talked to his gvieve he said to him, 'James, I like yon v»Ty w9lL, and I think you Berve me faithfully, fcu, I cannot say I admire your wife.' To which the cool reply was, 'Oh 'deed sir, I'm not surprised at that, for I dinnamuokle admire her myself.'' A gentleman who rode his own mare In the course of an Eastern tour asked his Arab atten dant if he was quite sure she always got her allowance. ' Oh, yes,' he said ; ' my conn trymen steal from one another, and rob their friends' horses, but I cm always find out if your mare has been cheated.' 'How?' 'I always put some pebbles in with the barley — seven or eight— and count exactly how many I yu* W| -4*U-? -UUM.*O UVfDL *O*W«Ug y0W«rga^ MUU if any ene steals from the barley, he is sure to take two or three babbles with it. If I find the pebbles short in the morning, I have hard words, and they cannot tell how I know, and so they give up cheating her.' . A West Hill minister picked up a frcznn wasp on the pavement, and, with a view to advancing the interest of science, he carried it into the house, and held it by the tall while he warmed Its ears over a lamp chimney. His ob ject was to see if wasps froze to dea'h, or merely lay dormant during the winter. He Is of opinion that they merely 'lay dormant — and the dormantest kind at that ; and when they revive, he says, the tail thaws out first, for while this one's head, right over the lamp, was so stiff and cold it could not wink, its probe worked with such Inconceivable rapidity that the minister couldn't grasp fast enough to keep up with it. He threw the vicious thing down the lamp chimney, and said he didn't want any more truck with a dormant wasp, at which his wife burst into tears, and asked how he, a minister of the gospel, could use such language — right before the children, too. Some time since, on the North River boats, a lady who had attracted much attention from the masculine turn of her manners and conver sation was seated at the table opposite a gentle man who, in taking some butter, in the absence of the,\uraal knife, used his own, -which the lady observing, called aloud to the waiter, 'Wait-ta! bring another plate of butter. That man,' pointing to the gentleman, 'had his Imife in this.' The unfortunate wight almost .sank under the ourious gaze of all the company, but said nothing, determined to watch his opportunity to return for the cruel mortifica tion change in the lady's own coin. He waited but a moment, when a plate of dried beef was handed to the lad;y, who unceremoniously took some in her fingers . and placed it on her plate. ' Wait-ta !' exclaimed the gentleman, In turn, ' brins another pl- ite of beef. That woman has had her fingers in this.' A most ungallant roar from all the conupany followed, but the lady joined heartily ia the mirth. — American Paper. Old Keysor formd Ocoley's boy standing in a Very suspicious position under his beBt apple tree, with a stie'k In his hand, and a certain bulgy appearance about his pookets. Having secured him firmly by the collar, Keyser shook him up a tot*, and then asked him sternly what he was ?doing there. 'Ain't a doin' notin',' said Gooley. 'I came over yer to study.' '* That's entirely *too thin,'' ex. oxolaimed Keyser. 'Yes, I did: I come over yer to Btudy about Sir Isaac. We had it in our lessons. He was in an orchard and saw an apple fall, and that made him invent the 'tra ction of gravitation ; and I come yer to see if i*t -was so.' ' It won't do, sonny,' said Keyset ?-. 'You're too enthusiastic about Sir Isaac ; and, besides, what were yon going to do with 'that stick?' ' With this stick I This yer stick * What was I goln' to do with this stick ! TO hy ' a boy gave me this stick to hold for him whil a he went on au errand for his auat.' ' & ad where did that apple core come from the ra on the ground ?' ' That apple core I Th «t one lying there ! The birds is awful on ap bIss this season. I saw a blackbird drop tb At there, and I says to myself, them birds ar ,e jast raisin* Mr. Keyser's apples.' 