MELBOURNE. 14th January. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) His Honor Sir Redmond Barry left Melbourne to- day by the Rangatira for Sydney, en route for Bris bane, where his Honor will remain for about three weeks, returning to Melbourne early in February. The expensive wharfage'works’on .the south side of, tiie. Yarra are yet'far. from’ .completed. '.The river; ■ bottom,* near the 50-ton crane, has, been cleared to ii depth : of "40 feet, but 'there afe:.some immense blue stone Mulders lying; south • in ' about mid-channel which- appear,to stretch acrois the river at a ; 'depth of about twenty, feet, and the new coffer dam- that ■has* been An ; the, centre of the: river, is' de signed to -remove-these.' * Costly as the .work, will'be, it promises in the end tdlargely augment the,wharfage accommodation of the city. , .. ~ The-‘‘Verandah,’’in GollmAistreet,'is‘now blit a ghost of its former self,- and under the : Hall of Com merce]" IchabOd’’might'be appropriately written. It is melancholy,' to watch,the half. dozen or,so specula tors who haug about there during the day'arid dodge in and'but the:Criterion,- spending, probably, more in nobbl'ers than their day’s-earnings amount to. Greville • andrjDo., have, by .the wey,returned to their .old quar ters in, this building, and ,appeari to have"as ! much.as they: can'well attend to in their mercantile telegraphic business.;AVith. “-Reuter’s”: on the same,side ofthe way ;.ahd ; “ The; ,Oriental” opposite, the city is well .‘supplied with European Telegraphic Companies. Kli. 'WaSided .into error'-lately in' intimating'that •Q’Ferfall, the -Lands*. Office ..defaulterj * might be: ex pected by the Somerset, and I- have been at some pains since-to ascertain beybhd.doubt when"P’Ferrall -may be expected, .to- arrive., I now learn .upon authority - that' he left ’ Singapore an , the. .steamship Brisbane on Tuesday,; 12th‘ January, - .so-' that , it ‘ will be'some weeks before' he puts; in.’an Vappearahce in. Melbourne. ' 'O’Ferfall'comes in charge of Detective: O’Callaghan.'' -' u : , :: Sullivan still remains an in mate of the Melbourne’- Gaol, hut there iamq doubt ihrillegal custody. If an 'application were made to - release .>him on,: habeas it,: would certainly result in his discharge. He could, of •' course, .be] re-arrested, and sentenced'to'iihprisonmcntj^ ■' .or; sent about his business. * ■;,- At'- pfesehtthe law' is ■’ held'in suspense in relation to him, and the authori ties are fairly puzzled to get out of the difficulty they have created for themselves. - ■- ‘i b ..There wa%, something'like,...a .threatened strike; of waitresses at one of .the largo -refreshment' houses in town to-day. The girls complained of not having,had hdouting during:tbe holidays, and they 'marched up to their employer in a body, and' demanded 1 ’a spell, ‘ whicb was conceded with the best grace possible under dbe circumstances. , - - . ; . , - ; 'Thdwonian-Barrow’s connection with a j-eqont gre ou'her premises,at Sandridge formed the subject of ..investigation to-day before a jury.' At a late hour the evidence Was' proceeding, tending to '-seriously >com- • promise the accused. V . ... ;• '-■< At an,inquest. at, Mornlngton yesterday,, 'oh the body of a woman named Sarah Donovan, ft was found that the deceased died through unskilful treatment by the midwife, Mary" Sheers, who was 'committed for trial for manslaughter, _.. At the Fifzroy Police-court to-day ‘a . mannamed Samuel. Chard was sentenced to fourteen days’ im prisonment for stealing a few pieces of candle; ■; valued at §d, the property of : the: Melbourne' ’Omnibus Company,:' : f ■ ■■ ■■ - ' ; " ' •. ; A Frenchman .named Verrfep,: whft ?)as for a long time persecuted/the prench ■ consul• to. send him to Hew Caledonia,-and has constantly -abused him for alleged ignorance of his consular duty to poof French men,-was sept fp gaoi fop, qne month for threatening the life of le Comte de Oastelnan.- - > : ; -, 'John Seebeck, the Daylesford insolvent, was brought 'up again to-day on-the charge-of-defrauding his.credi tors. George Horne, the trustee in the estate, gave evidence to show the guilty ikno.wledge of the accused, who was fufly pqa}^? itt; od for tfjifl, The annual racking of subscribers of t}ie Afplbourpe , Hospital was held to-day. The total for last. ' year from all sources were £22,679, and tha'expeudi ture £22,360. The’amount received from the'Hospi taf Sunday-ftfijd was £2357, ang the vote was £15,000. As many as 26,037 cases were treated. Sir Wm. Stawell was elected president; Sir James M'Culloch and Richard Grice, Esq,, vice-presidents; Hon.. "Ei Cohen, treasurer.- On the motion of Itfr \yiaewquld, the fenurg : of.’honorary medical service was altered from ten years to flye. ' 3 ' ‘■ i? A sensational treat is proinised at the Opera House .to-night., Blbndin is to cross the high rope carrying on his back Mr John Hill, the musician, who will play a solo on the violin. . The extravaganza at this house is a great draw, Eleanor Carey' as Adamanta consti tuting no. small. of the attraction. - It appears to be an exceedingly ai'fkouifc matter at present to - hold a meeting of . a non- dividend paying mining company in Melbourne. It makes no differ ence where the mine is situated, whether at Balla ; rift, Sandhurst,.- Glunes, or elsewhere,' shareholders tfighfesby sf. p.qttiae,in an appearance. Day after day ffleetmg? aj-.e called, bbt! heV,9R.d aif .dddyhareholder tofl reporter, no one tbinka it worth while to put in an appearance. This state of things occurred to-day, when a meeting of the Corisande Company was advsr. tised to take place, and the consequence was a quorum was not obtained. Humors were afloat yesterday regarding the solvency of a firm engaged in the wine and spirit trade, ft day became town talk that the firm of Leplaatrier and Cos. had stopped payment. Their liabilities are stated to be about £14,000. An old established house is said to be losers of £2OOO, and one well known anc. tioneering .firm Js_|aidJtobe fully secured fora lanrj sum due. A meeting oferedifors 'is to be held'to. morrow. i _ .. . ' - ... The estate known as Dixie, comprising five thousand 1 'acres* of Tail'd," 'situSted ih'the parish of Eoklin, in the county of Heytesburyj aboutmine.‘miles from Camper down, was put up for sale by auction to day. ,Vs no •'higher bid than £3 per acre was offered the property was withdrawn.: ... .. .am . 