8 1 THE'IIATINTED SHIPs. S: ' ' CVNNI NGHA,"'N • AoNG the sea.of Solway, ro antio on the " pptitshside, with its woodlands, its bays, tso cliffrs,and headlands-and interesting on ba?.hEnglish side, with its many beautiful owns with their shadows on the water, rich pastires, safe harbors, and numerous ships thaere still linger many traditional stories Spfia, maritime nature, most of them con neoted with .uperatitions singularly wild and anusual.. :To the curious these tales afford e rih.;fund of entertainment from the many diversities of the same story; some dry and brren, and.stripped of all the embellishment f; poetry.;, others, dressed out in all the ,riohes,; of superstitious belief and haunted imagination. In this they resemble the inland traditions of the p'easants; but many ,oftlbo oral treasures of the Galwegian or the iCambrian coast have the stamp of the Dane .and the Norseman upon them, and claim but a remote orfaint affinity with the legiti 'alo~eegends'of Oaledonia. Something like A riud prosaio outline of several of the most noted of the ijortllern ballads, the adventures gnddepredations of the old ocean kings, still lends life to the evening tale; and among p hers,., the story of the Haunted Ships is .eti l apopular among the maritime peasantry. QIunafine harvest evening I went on board ab.llqop of Richard Faulder of Allanbay; Ia?nd ?mitting ourselves to the water, we 1,llowed a gentle wind from the east to waft is at aitspleasure towards the Scottish coast. .p passed the sharp promontory of Siddick; Sd.' skirtingo the' land within a stone-cast, ,dpd alonIg the shore till we came within iht. ofth ruined Abbey of Sweetheart. She green mou?itain of Oriffel ascended be ues f:and the bleat of the flocks from its siumipit, :together with the winding of the eeo ?tpg hdrn of the reapers, came softened iu something likemusic over land and sea. Wepushed', our. shallop into a deep and ol oded ,bay, and sat silently looking on the serene beauty of the place. The moon glimmered in, her rising through the tall ishaifts of the pines of Caerlaverock; and the edy, with scarce a cloud, showered down on wo od' anid headland, and bay, the twinkling iam ,i'dof a housand stars, rendering oevery aobject visible; ' The tide, too, was coming ~i th that swift and 'silent swell observable j e the wind is gentle; the woody curves alng the land were filling with the flood, t?illl.it tdouiches the green branches of the opdooping trees; while in the centre current rth oll;and plunge of a thousand pellocks l::' i:to the experienced fisherman that sal hmon were abundanht. ', Aswe looked, we saw an old man emerg ,i ;ng from apath that winded to the shore ,bthroigh a grove of doddered hazel; he ,eargied a halve-net on, his back, while be hihnd him camera girl bearing a small har ",qeon with which the fishere are remarkably ?gxtrotSie ,in striking their prey... The senior seat~ed himself on 'a large gray stone, which iov:erlooked the bay, laid aside his bonnet, .and.suiibmitted his bosbm and neck to the re frleeshling sea- breeze; and taking his harpoon 11from1?is attendant, sat with the gravity and lcoimpposure of a spirit, of the flood, with his caministering nymph behind him. We ',ipushoed our shallop to. the shore, and soon Logtpd .at their side.. ," This is old Mark Macmoran, the mari nip'er, ,.with. his. grand-daughter Barbara," isaid.Richard;Faulder, in a whisper that had "somet~iing of fear in it.' "He knows every Screek. ,and.cavern and quicksand in Solwait .-has seen the Spectre Hound that haunts othcri sle-'of£ah ; has heard him bark, and oa;ia??POry bark has seen a ship sink; and he ,ihas seen,. too ,the haunted ships in full sail; e,.and.if all tales be true, he has sailed in them , icimsef ;:"lie's an awful person." i :?,; Though I.pereived in the communication l: of my.friend something of the superstition s:of the sailor, I could not help thinking that. ,lcoianomn rumor had made a happy choice in c?!singling out old Mark to maintain her inter c ,coursewith the invisible world. His hair, oowbhich seemed to have refused all intercourse alrwith :the comb,.:hung matted upon his -,dshoulders; a kind .of mantle, or rather ,uc: blanket pinned.,.with a wooden akewer L;ciaroundi his neok, fell mid-leg down, conceal itngalol lhis nether garments as far as a pair of hose, darned with yarn of all conceivable ei:icolors and a pair of shoes,,patched and re wogpaicedltill nothing of the original structure remained, and clasped.on his feet with two ,e?massive~silver,.buckles. If the dress.of the to obld&,m5an was. rude and sordid, that of his Il!qgreaiid.daugliter was gay, and even -rich. She wore a bodice of fine wool, wrought oedt foundith?boeom with alternate leaf and lily, ?ls ad4.lsirtleof ofhe. same fabric,' whihb, al -wvoi tirtouching ;her'. white. and. delicate ankle, showed her snowy feet, so tairy-light i e~? x?qugd that they.scproely seemed to touch lo ,h.e :grpaa where she stood.. Ier. hair, ',a natural ornament which woman seeks much -"'"to improve,- was-of bright glossy brown, and enotmibered, rather than adorned with a enood, set:.thick with'marine productions, c:'.appiig which the small clear pearl' found in "t'lhe" Solviay ,was cpnspicuious. Nature, had no,:trustedto a handoome shape, and'a sylph-like air, for young Barbara's influence ''"ovr vrthe heart of man; but had' bestowed 'a pair of large bright blue eyes, swimming in . liquid light, so full of love and gcentleness and joy that all the sailors from Annswater _j'tol.fi.aiSaint Beese acknowledged their power, ·arid 'sung songs about the bonnie lass of " tlMark Mamorab n:; She stood holdicg a "''"smell :'gaff-hook of. polished steel in :her tl:',.hand, and 'semed not dissatisfied with the , l,,!,ince I bestowed.on her frbm time to time, *7,and which I held more than requited by a -,'?. i'unglo glane of those eyes which retained so S mony capricious hearts in subjection. ;,,':' .'The tide, though rapidly augmenting, had . o.:bt ?tt filled the bay at our feet. The moon now streamed fairly over the tops of Oaerla ??e':vo?olk pines, and showed the expanse of ocean dimpling and swelling, on which sloo,' ps and shallops came dancing, and dis playing at every turn their extent of white sail against the beam of the moon. I looked on old Mark, the mariner, who, seatedmo u ',tionless on his gray stone, kept his eye fixed ' ti"'''n the increaesiig waters with a look of seri ouenese and. sorrow in which I saw little of the calculating spirit of a mere fisherman. Though he looked on the coming tide, his eyes seemed to dwell particularly on the blick' and -decayed hulls of two vessels, which, half im~mereced in the quicksand, still ..iqddressed to every heart a.tale of shipwreok and .desolaition. :The tide wheeled and foamed around them; and oreoping inch by oinch.up the :side, at last fairly threw. it w.eiterer overthe top, and a long and hollow ':(ad.jdihowed'the' reaist'auco which the' liquid elemo?nt'ieeived,. "'The moment they weore fairly buried in the water,., the old man clasped his. hands to gether, and said, " blessed be the tide that will break over and bury ye forever! Sad to mariners, and sorrowful to maid and mothers has the time been you have choked up this deep and bonnie bay. For evil you wore sent, and for evil have you continued. Every season finds from you its song of sorrow and wail, its funeral processions, and its shrouded corses. Woe to the land where the wood grew that made ye! Cursed be the axe that howed ye on the mountains, the hands that joined ye together, the bay that ye firAt swam in, and the wind that wafted yo here! Seven times have ye put my life in peril, three fair sons have you swept from my side, and two bonnie grand-bairns; and now, even now, your waters foam and flash for my destruc tion, did I venture my infirm limbs in quest of food in your deadly bay. I see by that ripple and that foam, and hear by the sound and singing of your surge, that yo yearn for another victim; but it shall not be me nor mine." Even as the'old mariner addressed himself to the wrecked ships, a young man appeared at the southern extremity of they bay hold ing his half-not in his hand, and hastening into the current. Mark rose, and shoutod, and waved him back from a place which, to a person.unacquainted with the dangers of the bay, real and superstitious, seemed suffi ciently perilous: his granddaughter, too added her voice to his, and waved her white hands; but the more they strove, tihe faster advanced the peasant till he stood to his middle in the water, while the tide increased every moment in depth and strength. "Andrew, Andrew," cried the young woman in a voice quivering with emotion, ' turn, turn, I tell you: O, the ships, the haunted ships! " But the appearance of a fine run of fish had more influence with the peasant than the voice of bonnie Barbara, and fo'r ward he dashednot in hand. In a moinent he was borne off his feet~.and mingled like foam with the water, and hurried towards the fatal eddies which whirled and roared round the sunken ships. But he. was a powerful young man, and an ekpert swim mer: he seized on one of the projecting ribs of the nearest hulk, and clinging to it with the grasp of despair, uttered yell after yell, suataining himself against the prodigious rush of the current. From ashealing of turf and straw, within the pitch of a bar from the spot where he stood, came out an old woman bent with age, and leaning on a crutch. "I heard the voice of that lad Andrew Lammie; can the chield be drowning, that he skirls sae un cannilie" said the old woman, seating herself on the ground, and looking earnestly at the water. " Ou aye," she continued, "he's doomed; heart and hand can never save him; boats, ropes, and man's strength and wit, all .in vain! vain! he's doomed, he's doomed !" By this time I had thrown myself into the shallop, followed reluctantly by Richard Eaulder, over whose courage and kindness of heart superstition had great power; and with one push from the shore, and some exertion in sculling, we came within a quoit cast of the unfortunato fisherman. Hoe stayed not to profit by our aid; .for when he perceived us near, he uttered a piercign shriek ofjoy, and bounded toward us through the agitated eleinentihe full length of an oar. I sawhim for a second on the surface of the water; but the eddying current sucked him down; and all I have ever beheld of him again was his hanid held above the flood, and clutching in agony at someimagi nary aid. I sat gazing in hoirror on the vacant sea before us; buta breathingtime bhe fore, a human being full of youth and strength and hope was there: his cries were still ringing in my ears and echoing in the woods, and now nothing was seen or heard save the turbulent expanse of water, and the sound of its. chafing on the shores. We pushed back our shallop, and resumed our station on the cliff beside the old mariner and his descendant. S" Wherefore sought ye to peril your own lives fruitlessly," said Mark, "in attempting to save the doomed? Whoso touches these infernal ships never survives to tell the tale. Woe to the man who is found nigh them at midnight when the tide has subsided, and they arise in their former beauty, with fore castle, and deck, and sail, nod pennon, and shroud ? Then is seen the streaming of lights alongathe water from their cabin windows, and then is heard the sound of mirth and the clamor of tongues, and the infernal whoop and halloo, andesong, rindging far and wide. Woe to the man who comes nigh them! " To all this my Allanbay companion lis tened with a breathless attention. I felt something touched with a superstition to -which Ihad partly seen one victim offered up; .,and I inquired of the old mariner, " how and when came these haunted ships there ?. To me they seem' but the' melan choly relies of some unhappy voyagers, and much more likely to warn people to shun destruction, than entice and delude them to it." . . . - "And so," said the old man with a smile, which had more of sorrow in'it than of mirth-".and so, young man, these black and shattered hulks seem to the eye of the multitude. But things are not What. they seem.. That water, a kind and convenient servant to the wants of man, which seems so smooth, and so dimpling, and so gentle, has swallowed up a human soul even now; and the place which it covers, so fair and so level, is a faithless quicksand, out of which none escape. Things are otherwise than they seem. Had you lived as long as I ihave had the sorrow to live; had you seen.the storms, and braved the perils and endured the distress which have befallen me; had you sat gazing out on the dreary ocean at midnight on a haunted coast; had you seen comrade after comrade, brother after brother and son after son, swept away by the merci less ocean from your very side; had you seen the shapes of friends, doomed to the wave and the quicksand, appearing to you in tile dreams and visions of the night-then would your mind have been prepared for crediting the maritime legends of mariners; and the two haunted Danish ships would have had their terrors for you, as they have for all who sojourn on this coast." ".Of the time and the cause of their de struction," continued thie old man, "I lknow nothing certain; they have stood as you have seen them for uncounted time; and wh!iilo all other ships wrecked on this unhappy coast have gone to pieces and rotted, and sunk away in a few years, these two haunted liulks have neither sunk in the quiockseild, nor has a single'spar or board been displaced. Mari Stime legends sayl that two ships of Denmark Ilaving had pormission, for a time, to work deeds of dlarkness and dolor on the deep, were at last condemned to the whirlpool and the sunken rodk, and were wrecked in this bonnio bay, as a sign to seamen to be gentle and devoiut. The night when they wore lost vWas a harvest evening of uncommon mild ness and beauty; the sun had newly set; the moon came brighter and brighter out; and the reapers, laying their sickles at the root of the standing corn, stood on rock and bank, looking on the increasing magnitude of the waters, for sea and land were visible from St. Bees to Barnhourie. The sails of two vessels were soon seen bent for the Scottish coast; and with a speed outrunning the swiftest ship, they approached the dangerous quicksands and headland of Bor ranpoint. On the deck of the foremost ship not a living form was seen, or shape, unless something in darkness and form resembling a human shadow could be called a shape, which flitted from extremity to extremity of the ship; with the appearance of trimming the sails, and directing the vessel's course. But the decks of its companion were crowded with human shapes; the captain, and mate, and sailor, and cabinboy, all seemed there; and from them the sound of mirth and min strelsy echoed over land and water. The coast which they skirted along was one of extreme danger; and the reapers shouted for them to howareo of the sandbank and rook; but of this friendly counsel no notice was talten, except that a large and famished dog, which sat ou the prow, answered every shout with a long, loud, and melancholy howl. The deep sandbank of Carsethorn was ex pected to arrest the career of these desperate navigators; but they passed, with the celerity of waterfowl, over an obstruction which had wrecked many pretty ships. "Old mon shoolk their heads and departed spying, * we pave seen the liend sailing in a bottomless ship ; let us go home and pray ;' but one young and willful man said, ' fiend ! I'll warrant it's nae fiend, but douce Janet Withershins, the witch, holding a carouse with some of her Cumberland cummers, and pmickle red wine will be spilt atwen them. Dod, I would gladly have a toothfu'! I'll warrant it nane o' your cauld, sour slae water, like a bottle of Bailie Skrinkie's port, but right drap-o'my-heart's blood stuff, that would waken a body right out of their last linien. I wonder where the cummers will anchor their craft ?'-' And I'll vow,' said another rustic, ' the wine they quaff is none of your visionary drink, such as a drouthie body has.dished out to his lips in a dream; nor is it shadowy and unsubstantial, like the vessels they sail in, which are made out of a cockle shell or a cast-off slipper, or the par ings of a seaman's right thumb nail. I once got a hansel out of a witch's quaigh myself -auld Marian Mathers of Dustiefoot, whom they tried to bury in the old kirkyard of Dunscore, but the cummer raise as fast as they laid her down, and neawhere else would she lie but in the bonnie green kirkyard of Kier, among douce and sponsible fowk. So I'll vow that the wine of a witch's cup is as fell liquor as ever did a kindly turn to a poor man's heart; andhbe they fiends, or be they witches, if they have red wine asteer, I'll risk a drouket sark for as glorious tout on't.' .-' Silence, ye sinners,' said the minister's son of a neighbouring parish, who united in his father's lack of devotion with his mother's love of liquor. ' Whist !-speak as if ye had the fear of something holy before ye. Let the vessels run their own way to destruction; who can stay the eastern wind, and the cur rent of the Solway sea? I can find 'the Scripture warrant for that; so let them try their strength on Blawhooly rocks, and their might on the: broad quicksand. There's a surf running there would knock the ribs together of a galley built by the imps of the pit, and commanded by the Prince of Dark ness. Bonnilie and bravely they sail away there; but before the blast blows by they'll be wrecked ; and red wine and strong brandy will be as rife as dyke water, and we'll drink the health of bonnie Bell Blackness out of her left foot slipper.' "The speech of the young profligate was applauded by several of his companions, and away they flew to the bay Blawhooly, from whence they never returned.. The two Vressols were observed all at once to stop in the bosom of the bay on the spot where their hulls now appear; the mirth and minstrelsy waxed louder than ever; and the forms of maidens, with instruments of music, and wine-cups in their hands, thronged the decks. A boat' was lowered; and the same shadowy pilot who conducted the ships made it start towards the shore.with the rapidity of light ning, and its head knocked against the bank where the four young men stood, who longed for thie unblest drink. They leapt in with a laugh, and with a laugh were they welcomed on deck; wine-cups were given to each, and as they raised them to their lips the vessels melted away beneath their feet; and one loud slhriek, mingled with laughter still louder, was heard over land and water for many miles. Nothing more was heard or seen till the morning, when the crowd who came to the beach saw with fear and wonder the two Haunted Ships, such as they now seem, masts and tackle gone; nor mark, nor sign,. by which their name, country or destination could be known, was left remain ing. Such is the tradition of mariners; and its truth has been attested by many families whose sons and whoso fathers have been drowned in the haunted bay of Blawhooly." " And trow ye," said the old woman, who attracted from her hutby the drowning cries of the young fisherman, had remained on auditor of the mariner's legend,-" and trow ye, Mark Macmoran, that the tale of the Haunted Ship is done ? I can say no to hlat. nMickle have mime ears heard; buht more mine eyee have witneaed since I came to dwell in this humble home by the side of the deep sea. I mind the night weal; it was' on Hallowmass eve; the nuts were cracked, and the apples were eaten, and spell and charm were tried at my fireslide; till, wearied with diving into the dark waves of futurity, the lads and lassoea fairly took to the more visible blessings of kind words, tenders elasps, and gentle courtship. Soft words in a maiden's ear, and a kindly kiss o' her lip, were old-world matter to me Mark Macmoran; though I mean not to say that I have beeoon free of the folly of dauner ing and daflin with a youth in my day, and keeping tryste with him in dark and lonely placea. However, as I say, these times of enjoyment were passed and gone with me; the mair's the pity that pleasure should fly sae fast away-and as I could nae make sport I thought I should not mar any i so out I sauntered into the.fresh cold air, and esat down behind, that old oak,. and looked abroad on the wide soea, I had my sin sad thoughts, ye may think, at the time; it was in that very bay my blithe goodman per ished, with seven more in his company, and on that very bank wheroyesea the waves leap-. ing and foaming,.I saw seven stately cores streaked, but the dlearest was the eighth. It was a woeful sight to me, a widow, with four bonnio boys, with nothing to support them but these two hands, 'and God's bless ing and a cow's grass. I have never liked to live out of sight of this bay since that time; and mony's the moonlight night I sit look ing on these watery mountains, and those waste shores; it does my heart good what ever it may do to my head. So ye see it was Hallowmass night; and looking on sea and land sat I; and my heart wandering to other thoughts soon made me forget my youthful company at hams. It might be near the howe hour of night; the tide was making, and its singing brought strange old-world stories with it; and I thought on the dangers that sailors endure, the fates they met with, the fearful storms they see. Mly own blithe goodman had seen sights that made him grave enought at times, though he aye tried to laugh them away. "Aweel, atween that very rock aneath us and the coming tide, I saw, or though Isaw -for the tale is so dream-lilke, that the whole might pass for a vision of the night, I saw the form of a man; his plaid was gray; his face was gray; and his hair, which hung low down till it nearly came to the middle of his back, was as as white as the white sea-foam. He began to howk and dig under the bank; an' God be near me, thought I, this mauu be the unblessed spirit of Auld Adam Gowdgowpin, the miser, who is doomed to dig for shipwrecked treasure, and count how many millions are hidden for ever from man's enjoyment. The form found something which in shame and hue seemed a left foot slipper of brass; so down to the tide he marched, and placing it on the water, whirled it thrice round; and the infernal slipper dilated at every turn, till it became a bonnie barge with its sails bent, and on board leaped the form, and scudded swiftly away. He came to one of the haunted ships; and striking it with his oar, a fair ship with mast, and canvas, and mariners, started up; he touched the other haunted ship, and produced the like transformation; and away the three spectre ships bounded, leaving a track of fire behind them on the billows which was long unextinguished. Now was nae that a bonnie and a fearful sight to see beneath the light of the Hallow mass moon? But the tale is far frae finished; for mariners say that once a year, on a certain night, if ye stand on the Bor ranpoint, ye will see the infernal shallops come snoring through the Solway; ye will hear the same laugh, and song, and mirth, and minstrelsy, which our ancestors heard; see them bound over the sandbanks and sunken rocks likre sea-gulls, cast their anohors in Blawhooly Bay, while the shadowy figure lowers down thile boat, and augments their numbers with the four unhappy mortali, to whose' memory a stone stands in the kirkyarkr, with a sinking ship and a shloreless sea cut upon it. Then the spectre ships vanish, and the drowing shriek of mortals and a rejoicing laugh of fiends are heard, and the old hulls are left as a me psorial that the old spiritual kingdom has not departed from the earth. But I maun away, and trim my little cottage fire, and make it burn and blaze up bonnie, to warm the'crickets, and my cold and lazy bones, that maur 'soon be laid aneath the green sod. in the eerie kirkyard." And away the old dame tottered to her cottage, secured the door on thile inside, and soon the heath-flame was seen to glimmer and gleam through the key-hole and window. " I'll tell yeo what," said the old mariner, in a subdued tone, and with a shrewd and suspicious glance of his eye after the old eibyl, "it's a word that may not very well be uttered, but there are many.mistakes made in evening stories if old Moall Moray there, where she lives, knows notmickle more than she is willing to tell of the haunted ships and unhallowed mariners. She lives cannilie and quietly; no one knows how she is fed or supported; but her dress is aye whole, her cottage over smokes, and her table lacks neither of wine, white and red, nor of fowl or fish, and white bread and brown. It was a dear scoff to Jock Mathe son, when he called her old Moll, the un cannie carline of Blawhooly; his boat ran round' and round in the centre of thile Sol way-everybody said it was enchanted-and down it went head foremost; and had nae Jock been a swimmer equal to a sheldrake, he would have fed the fish; but I'll warrant 'it sobered the lad's speech; and he reckoned himself unsafe till he made auld Moll the present of a hirtle and a stone of cheese." '"0, father!" said his grand-daughter Barbara, "ye surely wrong poor old Mary Moray; what use could it be to an old woman like her, who has no wrongs to redress, no malice to Work out against mankind, and nothing to seek of enjoyment save a cannie hour and a quiet.grave-what use could the fellowship of fiends and the communion of evil spirits be to her ? I know Jennie Prim rose puts rowan-tree above the door-head when she sees old Mary coming. I know the good wife of Kittlenaket wears rowan berry leaves in the head-band of her blue kirtle, and all for the sake 'of averting the unsonie glance of Mary's right ee; and I know that the auld laird of Burntroutwater drives his seven cows to their pasture with a wand of witch-tree to keep Mary from milk ing them. But what has all that to do with haunted shallops, visionary mariners, and bottomless boats? I have myself heard as pleasant a tale about the haunted ships and their unworldly croews as:any one would wish to hear in a winter evening. It was told me by young Benjieo Macharg one summer night, sitting on Arbigland-bank. The lad intended a sort of love-meeting; but all that he could talk of was about smearing sheep and shearing sheep, and of the wife which the Norway elves of the haunted ship made for his uncle Sandie.Macharg. And I shall tell ye the tale as an honest lad told it to me. " Alexander Macharg, besides being the lair of three noacres of peatmoss, two hale gar dens, and.the owner of.seven good miloh cows, a pair of horses, and six pot sheep, was the husband of one of the handsomest women in soven parishes. Many a lad sighed the day he was brided; and a Nitbhsdale laird and two Annandale moorland farmers. drank themselves to their last linen, as well as their last shilling, through sorrow for her loss. But married was the dame; and home bshe was carried,.to bear rule over her home and her husband, as an honest woman should; Now yeo man ken that though the flesh and blood lovers of Alexander's bonnie wife all ceased to love and to sue her after she became another's, there were certain ad. mirers who did not consider their claim at all abated, or their hopes lessened by the kirk's famous obstacle of matrimony. Ye have heard how the devout minister of Tin wald had a fair son carried away and bedded against his liking to an unchristened bride whom tile elves and the fairies providled; ye have heard how tile bonnie bride of thle drunkoen laird of Soukitup was stolon by tile fairies out at the back-window of the bridal chamber, the time the bridegroom was grop ing his way to the chamber-door; and ye have Ieard:----. But why need I multiply cases ?-such things in the ancient days were as common as candle- light. So ye'll nohin der certain water-elves and sea-fairies who sometimes keep festival and summer mirth in these old haunted hulks, from falling in love with the weel-fiaured wife of Laird ita oharg; and to their plots and contrivances they went how they might accomplish to sunder man and wife; and sundering such a mcan and such a wife was like.sundering the green leaf from the summer, or thefragrance from the flower. "So it fell on a time that Laird Macharg took his halve-net on his back and his steel spear in his hand, and down to Blawhooly Bay gaed he, and into the water he went right between the two haunted hulks, and placing his net awaited the coming of the tide. The night, yo maun ken, was mirk, and the wind lowne, and the singing of the increasing waters among the shells and the pebbles was heard for sundry miles. All at once lights began to glance and twinkle on board the two haunted ships from every hole and seam, and presently the sound as of a hatchet employed in squaring timber echoed far and wide. But if the toils of these un earthly workmen amazed the laird, how much more was his amazement increased when a sharp shrill voice called out, "ho! brother, what are you doing now ?" A voice still shriller responded from the other haunted ship, "I'm making a wife to Sandie Macharg!" and a loud quavering laugh running from ship to ship, and from bank to bank, told the joy they expected from their lahbor. "Now the laird, besides being a devout and a God-fearing man, was shrewd and bold; and in plot and contrivance, and skill in conducting his designs, was fairly an over match for any dozen land-elves; but their water-elves are far more subtle; besides, their haunts and their dwellings being in the great deep, pursuit and detection are hopeless if they succeed in carrying their prey to the waves. But yeshall hear. Home flew the laird, collected his family around the hearth, spoke of the signs and the sinsof the times, and talked of mortification and prayer for averting calamity; and finally, taking his father's bible, brass clasps, black print, and covered with calfskin, from the shelf, he proceeded without let or stint to perform domestic worship. I should have told ye that hIe bolted and locked the door, shut up all inlet to the house, threw salt in the fire, and proceeded in every way like a man skilful in guarding against the plots of fairies and fiends. His wife lookled on all this with wonder; but she saw something in her husband's looks that hindered her from intruding either question or advice, and a wise woman she. "Near the mid hour of the night the rush of a horse's feet was heard, and the sound of a rider leaping from its backr, and a heavy knook came to the door, accompanied by a voice saying, " the cummer drink's hot, and the knave bairn is expected at Laird Laurie's to-night. Se mount, good wife, and come.' "'Preserve me l' said the wife of Sandie eldarcharg; 'that's news indeed! Who could have thought? The laird has been heirless for seventeen years! l Now Sandie, my man, fetch me my skirt and hood.' "But he laid his arm round his wife's neckr, and said, 'if all the lairds in Galloway go beirless, over this door threshhold shall you not stir to-night; and I have said, and I have sworn it: seek not to know why or wherefore; but, Lord, send us Thy blessed mornlight.' The wife looked .for a moment in her husband's eyes, and desisted from further entreaty. " 'But let us send a civil message to the gossips, Sandie; and handae ye better say I am sair laid with a sudden sickness? though it's sinful-like to send the poor messenger a mile agate with a lie in his mouth without a glass of brandy.' " ' To such a messenger, and to those who sent him, no apology is needed,' said the austere laird, 'so let him depart., And the clatter of a horse's hoofs was heard, and the muttered imprecations of its rider on the churlish treatment he had experienced. "'Now Sandie, my lad,' said his wife, laying an arm particularly white and round about his neck as she spoke, ' are you not a queer man and a stern? I have been your wedded wife now these three years; and, be side my dower, have brought you three as bonny bairns as ever smiled aneath a sum mer sun. O man!l you a douce man, and fitter to be an elder than even Willie Greer himself-I have the minister's ain word for it-to put on these hard-hearted looks, and gang waving your arms that way, as if he said, "I wanna take the counsel of sic a hompie as you." I'm your ain oleal wife, andwill and maun have an explanation.' "To all this Sandie Maoarg replied-' It is written, " wives, obey your husbands; " but we have been stayed in our devotion, so let us pray.' . And down he knelt; his wife knelt also, for she was as devout as bonnie; and beside them knelt their household, and all lights were extinguished. " Now this beats a',' muttered his wife to herself; ' hbowever, I shall be obedient for a time; but if I diana ken what this is for be. fore the morn by sunket-time, my tongue is nao longer a tongue, nor my hands worth wearing.' " The voice of her husband in prayer inter. rupted this mental soliloquy; and ardently did he beseechb to be preserved from the wiles of the fiends, and the snares of Satan; 'from witches, ghosts, goblins, elves, fairies, spun hies, and water kelpies; from the speotre shallop of Solway; from spirits visible and in visible; from the haunted ships and their un earthly tenants; from maritimespirits that plotted againsl godly men, and fell in love with their wives-' "'Nay, His presence be near us!' said his wife in a low tone of dismay. 'God guide my gudeman's wife. I never heard such a prayer from human lips before. But, Sandie, my man, Lord's sake, rise I What fearful sight is this? Barn and byre and ntable. maun be In a blane I and Hawhkle and Hurley, Doodle and Cherry, and' Damson-plum,.will be snoored with reek and scorohed with flame.' " And a flood of light, but not seo gross as a common fire, whihob ascended to heaven and filled all the court before tile house, amply justifiod the good wifo's suspioions. But to the terrors of ftire Sandie was as immovable as be was to the imaginary groans of the barren wife of Laird Laurie; and he held his wife, and threatened the weight of his hand-and it was a heavy one-to all who ventured abroad, or even unbolted the door. The neighing and prancing of horses and the bel lowing of cowse augmented the horrors of the night; and to any one who only heard the din, it seemed that the whole onstead wan in a blaze, and horses and cattle perishing in the' flame. All wiles, common or extraordinary, were put in practice to entice or force the honest farmer and his wife to open the door; and when the like sucoeas attended every new stratagem, silence for a while ensued, and a long, loud, and shrilling laugh wound up the dramatic efforts of the night. In the morn ing, when Laird luaoharg went to the door, he found standing against one of the pilasters a piece of black ship oak, rudely fashioned into somothihg like human form, and which skilful people declared would have been' clothed with seeming flesh and blood, and palmed upon him by elfin adroitness for his wife, had he admitted his visitants. Asynod of twise mtn and women sat upon the woman of timber, and she was finally ordered to be devoured by fire, and that in the open air. A fire was soon made, and into it the elfin seoulp ture was tossed from the prongs of two pairs of pitchforks. The bloazes that arose was awful to behold, and hissings and burstings and loud :raclnings and strange noises were beard in the midst of the flame; and when the whole sank into ashes, a drinking.cup of some pre aious metal was found ; and this cup,fashioned no doubt by elfin skill, but rendered harmless by the purification with fire, the sons and daughters of Sandie Miaoharg and his wife drink out of to this very day. Bless all bold men, say I, and obedient wives I" 