THINGS THAT ACCOMPANY SALVATION. A SERMON. BY THE REV. C.H. SPURGEON. "Things that accompany Salvation."-Hebrews vi. 9. I AM not quite certain that my text will warrant all I shall say upon it this day, if read and understood in its connection. But I have taken the words rather by ac- oommodation than otherwise, and shall make use of them ai a kind of heading to the discourse which I hope to be enabled to deliver. I sat myself down, and I meditated on thi» subject— "Things that accompany Salvation." And after some period of rumination, my thoughts as sumed the form of an allegory ; in which I hope ao pre sent them to you this morning. I compared Salvation to a rich and costly treasure, which God in nis infinite love and mercy had determined to send into the world ;' and I re membered that our Lord Jesus was so much interested in the bringing of this Salvation to this earth, that he did ■end all he had, and came himself to attend and to accompany this Salvation. I then pictured to myself a gnat march of bright ones through this land, carrying in their midst the sacred jewel of Salvation. I looked for ward, and I saw a mighty van-guard, who already had attained the shores of Eternity. I looked around Salva- tion, and I saw it always in every case attended with divers graces and virtues which seemed to be like troops and soldiers to guard it in the van, about its flanks, and in the rear. Before we begin, however, let us just make this caution. When the Apostle speaks of virtues and graoes, he calls them, "Things that accompany Salvation," not things which cause it. Our faith does not cause Salvation, nor our hope, nor our love, nor ou good works; they are things which attend it as its guard of honor. The origin of Salvation lies alone in the soveregin will of God the Father ; in the infinite efficacy of the blood of Jesus- God the Son; and in the divine influence of God the Holy Spirit. There are, however, "Things that accom pany Salvation." Picture then to yourselves the march of some ancient monarcli through his territory. We read stories of eastern monarchs in the olden time, that seem more like romance than reality ; when they marched with thousands of flying banners, and with all kind of riches borne with them. Now you are to take tliat as the basis of my figure, and suppose Salvation to be the sacred treasure which is being carried through the world, with guards More and guards behind, to accompany it on iu Journey. We will begin then, with the advanoe-guard that has accompanied Salvation or rather gone before it. We shall then cobm to those who immediately precede it, and then weahall notice those who accompany it by it* side, and con clude by noticing the rear guard attending upon this Sal vation of our God. I. First, then, in the marches of troops and armies, then are some that are outridden, and go far ahead of the other troops. So in the march of Salvation there it a certain body of great and mighty "Things that ac company Salvation, which have far preceded it to clear the way. I will tell you the names of these stupendous Titians who have atone before. The First is Election ; the second is Predestination ; the third is Redemption ; and the Covenant is the captain of them all. Before Salvation came into this world. Election marched in the very forefront, and it had for its work the billettlng of Salvation. Election went through the world and marked the houses to which Salvation should oome, and the hearts in which the treasure should be deposited. Elec tion looked through all the race of man, from Adam down to the last, and marked with sacred stamp those for whom salvation was designed. "He must needs go through Samaria," said Election; "and Salvation must go there." Then came Predestination. Predestination did not merely mark the house, but it mapped the road in which Salvation should travel to that house ; Predes tination ordained every step of the great army of Salva tion ; it ordained the time when the sinner should be brought to Christ, the manner how he should be saved, the means that should be employed ; it marked the exact hour and moment when God the Bpirit should auicken the dead in sin, and when peace and pardon should be spoken through the blood of Jesus. Predes tination marked the way so completely, that Salvation doth nevsr overstep the bounds, and it is never at a loss for the road. In the everlasting decree of the Sovereign Uod, the footsteps of Mercy wore every one of them ordained. As nothing in this world revolves by chanoe— as even the foreknown station of a rush by the river is as fixed as the station of a king—it was not meet that Salvation should bo left to chance ; and therefore «od has mapped the place where it should pitch its tent, the manner of its footsteps to that tent, and the time when it should arrive then. Then came Redemption. The way was rough ; and though Election had marked the house, and Predestination had mapped the road, the way was so Impeded that Salvation could not travel it until it had been cleared. Forth came Redemption; it had but one weapon; that weapon was the all-victorious cross of Christ There stood the mountains of our siiib ; Re demption smote them, and they split in halves and left a valley for the Lord's Redeemed to march through. Then was the great giilph of God's offended wrath ; Re demption bridged it with the cross, and so left an ever lasting passage by which the armies of the Lord may cross. Redemption has tunnelled every mountain ; it has dried up every sea, cut down every forest; it has levelled every high bill, and filled up the valleys, so that the road of Salvation is now plain and simple. God can be just, and yet the Justifler of the ungodly. Now, this sacred advance-guard carry for their banner the Eternal Covenant. Election, Predestination, and Redemption—the things that have gone before, beyond the sight, are all rallied to the battle by this standard— the Covenant, the Everlasting Covenant, ordered in all things and sure. We know and believe that before the morning star startled thu shades of darkness, God had covenanted with his Sou that he should die and pay a ransom price, and that, on God tho Father's part, he wouid give to Jesus "a ntimber whom no man could number," who should be purchased by his blood, and through that blood should be most securely saved. Now, when Election marches 'forward, it carries the Covenant. These are chosen in the Covenant of grace. When Pre destination raaroheth, and when it tnarketh out the way of Salvation, it proclaims the Covenant "He marked out the places of the jwople according to the tribes of Israel. " And Redemption also, pointing to the precious blood of Christ, claims Salvation for the blood-bought ones, because the Covenant hath decreed it to be theirs. Now, ray dear bearoni, this advance-guard is for ahead that yon and I cannot see them. These are true doc trines, bnt very mysterious ; they are beyond our sight; and if we wish to see Salvation, we must not stop until we see the van- guard, because they are so far off that only the eve of faith can reach them. We must have that sacred glass, that divine telescope of faith, or else we shall never have the evidence of things not seen. Let us rest certain, however, that if we have Salvation we have Election. He that belie vet h U elected ; whoever easts himself on Christ as a guilty sinner, is certainly God's chosen child. As sure as ever you believe on the Saviour, aud go to him, you were predestined to do so from all eternity, and your faith is the great mark and evidence that von are the chosen of God, and precious in his esteem. Dost thou believe • Then Predestination is as surely thine as thou art alive. Then Klection is thine. Dost thou believe? Doet thou trust alone in Jtsus r Then fear not; Redemption was meant for tbee. So then, we will not bo struck with terror at that grand advance-guard that hath already gained the celes tial hill, and nave prepared the place where the elect shall for ever repose upon the bosom of their God. 11\. But mark, we are about to nview the army that immediately precedes Salvation; and first, in the fore front of these, there marches out one whose name we must pronounce with sacred awe. It is God, the Holy Spirit Before anything can be done in our salvation, ther« must come that Third Person of the Sacred Trinity. Without Him, faith, repentance, humility, love, are things unite inipo«sih!e. Kveu the blooil of our Lord Jesus Christ cannot .save until it has been applied to the heart by God the Holy Spirit. Before we notice the pud army, Hum, that immediately precede Salvation, let us be caution* that we do not forget Him who ii the leader of them aIL The great King, immortal, invisible, the Divine person called the Holy Ghost, the Holy Spirit; it U He that quickens tho soul, or else it would lie dead for ever ; it is He thnt makes it tender, or else it would never feel; it is He that imparts efficaoy to the Word preached, or else it could never reach farther than the ear; it is He who breaks the heart, it is He who makes it whole; He, from first to last, is the great worker of Salvation in us, just as Jesus Christ was the author of Salvation for us. 0 soul, by this mayest thou know whether Salvation has come to thine house—Art thou a partaker of the Holy Spirit? Come now, answer thou this question—Hath He ever breathed on thee? Hath He ever breathed into thee? Canst thou say that thou hast been the subject of His supernatural influence? For, if not, remember except a mau be born of the Spirit from above, he cannot see the kingdom of God. That which is bom of the flesh is flesh; only that which is born of the Spirit is spirit. Thy best exertions will be all unavailing unless the Holy Ghost shall work in thee, to will and to do of God's good pleasure. The highest efforts of the flesh can never reach higher than the flesh, just as water of itaolf will never run higher than its source. You may be moral, you may be strictly upright, you may be much that is commendable; but unless you be partaken of the Holy Bpirit, Salvation it as impos sible as to you as it is even to the lost We must be born again, and born again by that divine influence, or else it is all in vain. Remember, then, that the Spirit of God always accompanies Salvation. And now, close in the rear of the adorable Spirit follow the Thundering Legion. No sooner does God the Holy Ghost come into the soul, than He brings with Him what I have called the Thundering Legion; and those of you that have been saved will not be at a loss to understand what I mean. This Thundering Legion are clad in mail; their helmets wave with horror; their speech is rough like men that come from a far country; their faces are terrible to look upon, for they are like unto lions, and do terribly affright the timid. Some of the men in this Thundering Legion bear with them swords ; with these swords they are to slay the sinner. For, before he can be made whole, he must be spiritually killed ; the sword must pierce him, and must slay all his selfishness, before be can be brought to the Lord Jesus. Then another body of them carry with them axes, with which they cut down, the thick trees of our pride and abase the goodly cedars of our righteousness. There are with them those that fill up the wells with stones, and break up all the cistern* of our carnal sufficiency, until we are driven to despair, having all our hopes despoiled. Then come those who, with brazen trumpets, or with trumps of rams' horns— like those who once razed Jericho level with the ground do blow a blast, so shrill and dread, that the sinner think* that even the yells of hell itself could not be more terrible. Then come those who with lances pierce the spirit through and through ; and in the rear are the ten great guns, the artillery of the law, which perpetually flre upon the wounded spirit till it knows not what it is, nor what it dona. My friend, has this Thundering Legion ever come to your house? Have they ever taken up their quarters in your heart? For, rest assured, these are some of the "things that accompany Salvation." What I have said is no allegory to those who have been converted, but it may be a mystery to those who know not the Lord. Understand, then, that the first work of God the Spirit in the soul is a terrible work. Before a man can be truly converted, he must suffer great agony of spirit; all our self- righteousness must be laid level with the ground, and trampled like the miry streets. Our carnal hopes must, every one of them, be out in pieces, and our refuges of lies must be swept away with the hail of God's anger. The law of God will appear terrible to the sinner when he is first convinced of sin. " What have I done?" he will say. Or rather, "What have I undone? I have undone myself." See him when God the Spirit has first convinced him of sin; you would think him mad ;he is thought to be mad by his worldly companions. He weeps day and night, tears become his meat and his drink ; he can scarcely sleep for the dreams of bell, and when he wakes he thinks he feels it already. " Oh, the wrath to come, the wrath to come, the wrath to oome I" that seems to be ever pressing on his heart. He is like John Bunyan's pilgrim, he has a heavy burden on his back, and he knows not how to get rid of it; he wrings his hands and cries. "What shall I do? I am undone. I have rebelled against God, and God is angry with me." Ah, I tell you this Thundering Legion is a terrible thing indeed. God be praised, when once they go out of the heart there is some joy; but whilst they are billeted in the conscience of man, I defy him to eat or drink with any mirth or joy. The poor town of Mansoul is hung with black all the time these rough soldiers are there. Hldeousthroatenings and doleful forebodings are the sinner's only company in such a case. He seeks to find a little hope and comfort in his own doings; down comes the hammer of the Law, and breaks all his doings to pieces. He thinks, well he will rest on the couch of Indifference and Sloth ; forth comes the Law, ties him to the halberto, takes its ten-thonged whip and begins to lay on to him with all his might till his heart bleeds again. Then cornea Conscience with Its brine, and washes nim all over; and he is exceedingly tormented, for even his bed is become a bed of spikes and thorns. This Thundering Legion always precedes Salvation. More or less of terrors every man most feel before he is converted. Some have less, some have more; but there must be some measure of this terrible law work in the soul, or else Salvation is not oome to a man's house. Oh, Thundering Legion, ye are gone; we hear their trumpets, and the dying echoes still appal us. We can remember, brethren, those terrible days when they were in our house and in our heart. They arc gone. What see we in the rear of them ? Close in the rear there follows a broken heart. Look at it; do not despise it; God nevor despises it; do not thou. " A broken and a contrite heart, O God, thou wilt not despise." I see how this poor broken heart is broken ; it 'is rent to its very core and centre; it is bathed in tears; it is overwhelmed with suffering. Bee its humility; it never talks about boasting now. Mark its repentance; the sins it loved before it hates now; it speaks not about self- salvation. Hear it, as the broken heart speaks out its broken language. Hear it—"Lord have mercy upon me a sinner I" Do not fear to come and look at this* broken heart; how sweetly is it perfumed 1 The sacred smell of a sacrifice which God approves rises from it Hear it, as again it speaks—" Lord, save, or I perish." See tßis poor broken heart when it is in the world and at its business ; it interrupts its business with ejaculations like these— "Oh that—Ah, ah—would that 1" And when it can get' alone, it pours out its heart before God, and ories, " Unclean, unclean, and full of sin From first to last, O Lord, I've been; Deceitful is my heart" Oh wash my soul in Jesus' blood; forgivo me all my guilt, and I will be thy servant for ever and ever. Dear bearers, has this broken heart ever come to your house? Heat assured I am speaking God's own truth, thAt admits of no dispute—unless this broken heart has come within your bosom you cannot be made partakers of Christ. The heart must first be pounded in the mortar of conviction, and beaten in pieces with the pestle of the law, or else it never can receive the grace of the Comforter in all its plenitude. Are you broken-hearted to-day? Are you sorrowful at this very hour? Be of good cheer; Salvation is not far behind. When there ia once a broken heart, there is mercy very near. The broken heart is the prelude of healing. He that kills will make whole ;He that woundeth will bind up ; He that smote will cure. God is looking on theo with love, and will have mercy upon thee. But who are th<:se that follow In the rear ? Another troop, another legion ; but these are far different from the rest. The silken legion follow; these are not clad in steel; they have no helmets of war upon their head: they have smiling looks and countenances that are full of joy. No weapous of war in their hands; no thunders do they ntter : but they speak kind worns of pity, and their hands are full of benedictions. Shall I tell you who this silkeu legion are? There is a troop of them who take the poor wounded heart, and wash it first in blood : they sprinkle on it the sacred blood of the Atonement; and it is amazing how the poor broken heart, though faint and sick, revives at the first drop of the precious blood of our Lord Jesus Christ; and when well washed in blood, another <if this legion steps forward and takes it and washes it in water—for both water and blood flowed from the Saviour's heart " Let the water and the blood From Thy wounded side which flow'd Be of sin the double cure, Cleanse me from its guilt and and power." And oh, what a washing it is! The heart that was once black as the coals of hell, seems white as the snow of Lebanon. When it has once been bathed in the bath of the Saviour's blood and water, oli, how pure it becomes ! He who was black as the tents of Kedar becomes fair as the curtain.*of Solomon. Then follow those who pour oil and wiuc into tue wounds of this poor broken heart, so that where it smarted before, the wounds begin to sing. The sacred oil and wine of the precious proaiM ii poved into I every wound; and then follow those who with downy finger* bind up the heart with the sacred liniment of Promise, till it seams no longer broken, but the broken bones rejoice. The whole heart aings for gladness; for Qod hath restored its strength and bound up all it* wounds, aooording to His promise: "He healeth the broken in heart, and bindeth up their wounds." Dost thou this hour lay thine hand on the dear head of Christ; confess thy sin, and believe that He was punished for thee? Thou canst? Then, verily salvation is thine. And has thine heart been ever washed with water? Say, dost thou hato siu ? Is thy guilt all cleansed, and is the power of guilt out away, so that thou dost not love the ways of iniquity, nor seek to run in the paths of trans gressors ? Then thou art an heir of heaven. And say, poor sinner, hast thou ever beeu arrayed in the robe of Jesus' righteousness} Couldst thou aver fondly hope that thou wast accepted in the Beloved ? Methinks I tea the* with the tear in thine eye, and hear; the* saylag, I have sometimes sung with all my heart— " Jesus, thy blood and righteousness My beauty are, my glorious dress; 'Midst flaming worlds, in these array'd, With joy shall I lift up my hoad. Bold shall I stand in that great day, For who aught to my charge shall lay? Fully absolved through Christ I am From sin's tremendous ourse and shame." And now we have not yet oome to a full conviction of Salvation. The Silken Legion are gone; their banners are still flying in the gale, and their trumpet* of promise are still making the air glad with melody. What cometh next? Now come those that are the actual attendants upon Salvation—or rather, that march in the rank im mediately before it. There are four of these, called Repentance, Humility, Prayer, and a tender Conscience. Just before the full assurance of Salvation there marches Humility. She is of a downcast look ; she is not sad, but she hath no high looks ; she scarcely dares to lift her eye to the place where God's honor dwelleth. She is often looking downwards, remembering her past estate; thinking of all the bitterness and the guilt of her previous life. She never boasts of what Qod has done for her, she looks to the hole of the pit and the miry clay from whence she wss digged. She knows she has been washed in the blood of the Saviour, but she remembers how black she was before she was washed ; and oh, she laments the past although she rejoices in the present. She feels her own weakness; she dares not stand alone; she leans on the arm of her Beloved ; for she knows that she should fall to the ground unless He should constantly maintain her. Side by side with her is her sister called Repentance, watering the ground with tears to lay the dust before the King. Wherever she gos« she weeps, and if yon ask her why, she will tell you she does not weep because of a fear of hell—that is all gone. The Silken Legion yonder, she tells you, have wiped all her fears away; but she weeps because she smote the Lord that loved her so well; she beat* her breast, and cries— "Twas you, my sins, my cruel sins, His chief tormentor* were; Each of my crimes became a nail. And unbelief the spear." The more you tell her of her Salvation, the more she ween to think Bhe could have rebelled against such a Saviour. She is confident that her sins are blotted out; she knows her Master has forgiven her; but she never will forgive herself. Then side by side with Repentance is one called Prayer. He is a priest, and he waves in his hand a osnser full of odoriferous incense, that the way for the King may bo prepared; that wherever He marches there may be a tweet perfume. Prayer riseth by mid night to call upon God; its waking eyes salute the rising sun, that it may lift up its heart to Jehovah; and when the sun is setting, Prayer will not let his wheel be hidden beneath the horizon, until in his ohariot he hath carried supplication. 111\. And now comes Salvation in all ite fulness. The "things that accompany Salvation" make a glorious march in the forefront of it—from Election down to these preoious opening buds of virtue in the sinner's heart. What a goodly array I Sure the angels do some times fly along in admiration, and see this long array that heralds Salvation to the heart And now oome* the precious casket set with gems and Jewels. It is of God like workmanship; no hammer was ever lifted on it; it was smitten out and fashioned upon the anvil of Eternal Might, and cast in the meuldof Everlasting Wisdom; but no human hand hath ever defiled it, and it is set with jewels so unutterably precious, that if heaven and earth were sold they oould never buy another Salvation t And who are those that aro close around it? There are three sweet sisters that always have the custody of the treasure —you know them ; their names are common in Scrip ture—Faith, Hope, and Love, the three divine sisters; these have Salvation in their bowels, and do carry it about with them in their loins. Faith, who layeth hold on Christ, andtrusteth all in Him; that ventureth every thing upon His blood and sacrifice, and hath no other trust Hope, that with beaming eye looks up to Jesus Christ in glory, and expeots Him soon to oome; looks downward, and when she sees grim Death in her way, expects that she shall pans through with victory. And thou, sweet Love, the sweetest of the three; she whose words are music snd whose eyes are stars: Love »'*" looks to Christ and is enamored of Him; loves Him in all His offices, adores His presence, reverences his words; and is prepared to bind her body to the stake and die for Him who bound His body to the cross to die for her. Sweet Love, God hath well chosen to commit to thee the custody of the sacred work. Faith, Hope, and Love say, sinner, bust thou these three ? Dost tbou believe that Jesus is the Son of God? Dost thou hope that through the efficacy of His merits thou shalt see thy Maker's face with joy? Dost thou love Him? Bay, couldst thou repeat after me, "Jesus I I love thy charming name, tk musio to my car; Fain would I sound it out so loud That earth and heaven might hear. Yes, thou art precious to my sonl, My transport and my trust; Jewels to thee are gaudy toys, And gold is sordid dust." Have you these three graces ? If so, you have Salvation. Having that, you are rich to all intents of bliss ; for God in the Covenant is yours. Cast your eye forward ; remember Election is yours, Predestination and Sovereign Decree ore both yours; remember, the terrors of the law are past; the broken heart is mourning; the comforts of religion you' have already received ; the spiritual graces are already in the bud ; you are an heir of immortality, and for you there is a glorious future. These are the "thingsthat accompany Salvation." IV. Now you must have patienoe with me for just a few more minutes ; I must bring up the rear guard. It is impossible that with such a van-guard, grace should be unattended from behind. Now see those that follow Salvation. As there were fair bright cherubs that walked in front of it—yoti remember still their names— Humility, Repentance, Prayer, and a tender Conscience there are four that follow it and inarch in solemn pomp into the sinner's heart. The first of these is Grati tude—always singing, " Olees the Lord O my soul, and all that is with me bless his holy name." And then Gratitude lays hold upon its son's hand; the name of that son is Obedience. O my master, saith the heart, " thon host done so much for me ; I will obey thee" " Help me to run in thy commands, Tis a delightful rond ; Nor let my heart, nor hands, nor feet, Offend against my God." In company with this fair grace is one called Consecra tion—a pure white spirit that hath no earthlinees ; from its head to iU foot it is all God's and ail gold. Hear it speak— " All that I am and all I have Bhall be for ever thine ; Whate'er my duty bids me give, My cheerful hands reugn. And if I might make some reserve, And duty did not call, I love my God with xeal so great, That 1 would give him all," Linked to this bright one, is one with a face serene and solemn, called Knowledge. ' Then shall ye know when ye follow on to know the Lord," Those that are saved understand mysteries, they know the love of Christ; they " know him, whom to know is life eternal." r»ow 1 have almost done. Just in the rear is Per severance, final, certain and sure. Then there follows complete Sanctification, whereby the soul is pnrgal from every sin, and made as white and pure ss God himself. Now we have oome to the very rear of the army ; but remember as there was an advance guard so far ahead thai we could not see then, so there ■ a rear guard io far behind that we cannot behold them now. Let us just try to see them with the eye of faith. We hare teen the army ; we have traced it from the Thunde ing Legion, guided by the holy spirit, till we have finished it by complete Sanotlnuation. Hark, I hear the silver trumpet sound: there is a glorious array behind. A guard, far, far book are ooraing following the steps of the conquering heroes, that have already swept our sins away. Do you not see in the fore part there is one whom men paint a skeleton. Look at him ;he is not the King's terrors. I know thee, Death, I know thee. Miserably men hare belied thee. Thou art no speotre; thine hand bears no dart ; thou art not gaunt and frightful. I know thee, thou bright cherub: thou hast not in thy hand a dart, but a golden key that unlocks the gates of Paradise. Thou art fair to look upon, thy wings are like the wings of doves, covered with silver and like yellow gold. Behold this nngel Death, and his successor Resurrection, fasee three bright things coming; one is called Confidence, sco it I it looks at Death; no fear is in its eye, no pallor on its brow. See holy Confidence marches with steady steps ; the oold chill stream of Death doth not freeie its blood. Soe behind it its brother Victory; hear him as he cries, " O Death, where is thy stingf 0 Grave, where is thy victory V The last word, " victory," is drowned amidst the shouts of angels. Those bring up the rear. Angels bear the spirits of the redeemed into the bosom.of the Saviour— "Far from a world of grief and sin, With God eternally shut in, They aro for ever ble»t." And now follow everlasting songs—"Praise Him, praise Him, King of kings and Lord of lords; He hath gotten Him the victory. Halleluiah, hallftlnjah, hallelujah, world without end! Hallelujah, yet again 1" Let the echoes of eternity perpetually cry, "Hallelujah I"— "THINOB THAT ACCOMPANY YOUR SALVATION." Our funds for publishing these Sermons ore very low. Will those benefited kindly send in their contributions f Remittances may be made in stamps for small amounts. 