? /^?I&EVIEWV; ??;:::,';p-:!'||1; SUPERNATURAL RELIGION-'v*ft\ v [OOMSItTKIOATKD.] v ; 1,- ;.?;.'?;'?' Man know thyself. ..?No man is 'to, be trusted untried. It were' better far to seek a cause for the faith that is in us, in the cool of deliberate reason, than to put off enquiry until misfortune, or perchance folly, has dulled our percep tion, and the mind reeling under the shock of the trials of life, is paralyzed, in its desire to' do right by, a fading faith in the omnipotence of the Supreme Good. It' is on this principle 'that we review a book which nmny may think better kept from the knowledge of] the people. The readers, of ' Supernatural Religion' need not fear to be scandal ised by the vulgarity of a Paine, or the malignity of a Voltaire. Free thought has outgrown its infancy of barbarism,: and, in its moderate-tone, its maturity of gentle unbelief, contrasts favourably with the style of some of the champions of the faith. The mass of intelligent men in England (says our author) are halting between two opinions, nnd standing in what seems to us the most un satisfactory position conceivable; They aban don, before a kind of vague and indefinite, if irresistible, conviction, some of the most; central supernatural 'doctrines of Christianity ; they try to spiritualize or dilute the rest into a form which does not shock their reason; and yet they cling to the delusion, that they retain the ., con solation and the hope of truths which, if not divinely revealed, are mere human speculation regarding matters beyond reason.' Christianity — is it a supernatural religion ? This is the question (which our author answers in the negative) — the raison d'etre of the present work. It is impossible , to write, much that is' new on the subject, and in ' super natural religion' we merely find the reduction of- the controversy- to the present day. Hume's argument is of course re-stated, that it would re quire a far greater amount of testimony than that offour withs'sses to make it ?credible that the unchangeable laws of ?nature were; reversed .by miracles 1,800 years ago. .This' part of the argument we may well pass over, since all sensible men who receive the miracles believe in them on account of the 'nature of 'Christianity, and not in Christianity, on the testimony of the recorded miracles. The Christian Evidence Society, of Melbourne, who. in.. their tracts invert this order, are simply guilty lof Hioral suicide. It will be noted that the hardest hits against Christianity con tained in this book are extracts from the writings of her would-be defenders. Verily, she has been wounded in the house of her friends. The author endeavors to dispose of Dr. Mansell's argument for' the ex istence of higher laws;; than those of nature by the intervention of which; miracles are wrought, by stating that man, like a stone, is subject' to the law of gravitation/ and ' that laws, whether high or low exist side by side,' — that is, on the same plane. This is an instance of that, purblind in capacity for the perception of the law of degrees which -our author shares with too many, of his. orthodox oppo nents. The higher laws work side by side with natural laws, says our author, here stalks ail appari tion into broad daylight. A ghost., with a vengance — a. law stepping out of the domain 'of 'the law ,of gravitation and 'working side by side with it! If our writer would examine the subject a little more care fully, he would' discover that far from working side by side, the -law that chemically combines, bodies is -a- law within, gravitation, the laws of vegetable growth always exist within the laws of gravitation and chemical attraction, and may be regarded as an opening out of the hidden powers within those forces. Animal growth also appears as an evo lution from vegetable life, and human reason itself— far from existing side by side with, the law of gravitation (if it be not of the nature of a first cause)— is undoubtedly the soul or centre of the three concentric'forces, chemical attrac tion, vegetative, and animal life. The laws of the universe work not' side by side on the same plane, as shallow thinkers'would have us believe, but one within the other; and Dr. Mansell's argument holds good, that fpr aught we know there may be higher laws than those discovered up to the present and called Nature's, which render some miracles possible, ,. Much to his own detriment, in the inevitable comparison of styles, our author quotes with approval an. able paragraph from' Mr. Herbert Spencer, on the evanescence of evil, and the ten dency towards ; perfection inherent in the human race ; and in so doing he appears to be unaware that' he has given currency to a belief in the miracle of miracles, the working of a divine . be cause a progressive spirit in naturesr and which as the greater containing the smaller, not only involves within - itself the possibility of every miracle of healing recorded, but of the leading miracle of Christianity, the evolution, developement, or incarnation of the divine spirit in the form' of a divine, because a perfect man. '''Why do the heathen rage and the people imagine a vain thing,' may be an old-fashioned ' quotation, but if it were not for the follies of the defenders of the faith, out of the mouth of Darwin might we con demn the sceptic;' What, however, can we do with allies^wh'o, in the defence of Christianity, commit themselves to sentences like thia from Archbishop Trench: — '''We must not suppose the Ahnightly to be -endowed, for instance, . with the perfection' 'of morality accord ing to our ideas of it ; but on the con trary, we must hold' that His moral perfections are at best only, analogous, ^/nHl6'^''}1*1}01181011' an'naulry into tlis reality \p£ 'morals.' In other. w6rds, we are riot'' to. think of God as, all that is most noble, i If we must not, ascribe to .the Almighty ..our ..highest rperception : of excellence, we think 'it would be better not to think of Him at all ; indeed we ? have never read a better, plea for demon worship. . 'Supernatural Religion '.; contains such an account of well-attested won- . der's -or; miracles, 'from the Christian era to' the Reformation, that, we should advise doubters to read it -with' a view' to a very different impression .being produced: upon their minds from that expected -by the author. Very disin genuously he pretends that miracles, ' real or supposititious,have ceased at this day ; yet he must; be aware. 'that modern demonology contains a mass of fact or, fiction - to which all the ancient literature of miracle is but a feather in the balance., Here is a superstition or belief which, far from abating, goes on growing from- age -to age. To- ignore the contemporary evolution of religions ' is not true philosophy, hut will secure the contempt of the thinkers of future ages. Irvingism, Mormon ism, Spiritism spreading among the most enlightened of modern races, show that wherever, and whenever, the religious faculty or fancy of man escapes from under the iron heel of Church and State, it sets itself to generate the ' miracle machinery,' of new religions. It would indeed be difficult for any candid reader to rise from the perusal of such a book as (for example), ' Howit's History of the Supernatural,' without, coming to the conclusion that some thing very extraordinary, approaching to miracle, has hftppenedi arid does often happen iii the history of our race. Qur author quotes many, authenticated instances of the unusual, not to say the supernatural, with the most sublime faith in the folly or mendacity of his species ; but rightly remarks that hitch . wonders can '-be no divine warrant for the truth of the Christian religion, because Moses distinctly warns the Jews not to be, led away by wonder workers from the law of their God, and ' according to the orthodox belief, demons share with the Divine the pter'ogaiivQ of miracle. It is bold to assert that the idea, of demoniacal .possession, as the . cause of insanity, is, at this day, extinct' among the learned. We have ourselves heard a London physician of eminence, and of no particular religious belief, remark that some of the phenomena of madness could with difficulty be ac counted for in any other, way. The' argument for the truth of Christianity,, from the perseverance of the martyrs is neutralized by showing that other reli . gions,. particularly that of the Hindoos, had and' still have more marytrsthan Christianity, but the writer . seems to forget that this ' fact tends to the support of a common: belief in supernaturalism. : In ; conclusion^ we look upon this controversy, as it is. sometimes carried on, as we, should re gard a fight between a tiger and a bear,.' .society ; will : not benefit much by the victory of either. Let not our author repeat the blunder of Strauss in de molishing Vaticanism, Armenianism, .. Calvinism. He has not touched spiritual Christianity — the inner sense of the Bible. They are men of straw with which he combats; weird spectres of the dark ages ; we fail to firid^them.in the Divine Word ; children of the night, they vanish with the dawn. The dust of eighteen centuries may well be shaken from the faith by the stir of the combat. It matters little .whether Lazarus were, raised from the dead or from a trance, if He who in story was mighty to save be not mighty now. What recks it of the past?, It is a present not a historical power which we seek. He who deigned to.jconvince Thomas, the most obstinate of sceptics, will surely convince us if we be candid. Let us put Christianity to its own chosen test. ' I am with you , alway, even to the end of the age,' says the lawgiver. If we can sink our own selfish ends let us ask' him' for a sign — not in the air above, or the earth below ; not in public, for that, may be* might convince some against their will but in the accidents of our private lives or in. bur hearts. ! {To be continued.) ? The Syeian Patriaech at Addington Va.uk. — The Syrian Patriarch of Antiooh, wear ing, in addition to hispaatoral oross, the. Order' of the Mejidiyyab, and his suffragan, the .Bishop ? of' Jerusalem, wero welcomed and hospitably entertained at luncheon on Tuesday week* by the - Archbishop of Canterbury at Addington'iPark. - The Primate received the Oriental prelates in his robes, and after a short service in the chapel,' at which all the priests wore present, road an' address to the Patriarch expressive of his Bytn pathy with .the objeofc of his Holine3B' visit; and hoping that ho would ' roceive and carry back to the East' such nn impression of the ohuroh and people of England as may oonduce to the ' spread of pure apostolic Christianity, anrTad vanco the cause of enlightened eduoution' in his , own country. On tho subject of iho Menophy- ' site heresy, allegod to be hold by the Syrians (Jacobites), his Grace, addressing the Patriarch, said that he was ''.fully aware of the differ- ;; endos which are believed to separate the com munion over' which your Holiness presides from the Church of England and other portions of the Churoh of Christ throughout; the world j' nevertheless!,, ho hud been ;?!' informed that BOtae of tho doctrines winch traditionally attaoh to tho name of tho Syrian Ohuroh at Murden aro repudiated by your Holiness as falsely ascribed to your.corninunion,' and Intrusted ' that , per- fcot unity may soon be restored to the whole ChurcH of Christ,' and that your ' Holiness' visit to Europe may be an .aiiBpioious event in the furtherance of this great object, for whioh all true ChriatinnB long.' The Bev. Dr. Badger ucted as interpreter. A OkIiEbuatbd Detrotivk.— Mr. 0. F. Fiold, late Chief Inspector of tho Metropolitan Detec tive Police, and who figures prominently in 'Bleak House,' being tho detective who accom panied Charles Dickens in some of his most famous expeditions an London, died recontly at his residence, Stanley Villas, Chelsea., His. greatest ..nohiovement wps ?considered' to bo his diBoovery oPthe Sniyth forgery at Bristol. In 1851 he Retired from the police foroe with ? good service pension, 