DIOCESE OF SYDNEY. The Eight Days' Mission has been a very great success. Indeed, how could it be anything else, with so many praying people^ such laborious pastors, such simple-hearted evangelist?, and such a G}o4 upon His blood-stained mercy seat? , ... So far back as May 20th, eleven clergy met in the vestry of Sfc, Philips' Church — Canon Stephen in the chair — and affirmed the desirability of making a special effort for the salvation of their parishioners. From that period onward a meeting was regularly held in the same place on every Wednesday forenoon for prayer and conference. It is said that the unanimity and love which prevailed at these meetings was most refreshing — an evident pledge of God's presence and blessing. In due time this committee issued a general circular, to be dis tributed in their various parishes, with all their .names attached. Then each incumbent selected his own missioner from some Australian diocese, and issued a special letter to the members of his own flock. Handbills and tracts were printed in' thousands, and carried every : where by district visitors. A selection; of 50 hymns, and a liturgical form, were submitted to the bishop for approval, and preparatory services were instituted in the twelve parish churches where the mission was expected, ranging over ten weeks, the clergy exchanging pulpits. Devotional meetings, cottage readings, and other means were employed to arouse and diffuse an interest in the matter, and then, leaving the work with God, calmly and quietly the issue was awaited. The immediate antecedents of the mission were — (1.) A meeting of as many of the missioners as had reached Sydney on Thursday evening, December 3rd, at Bishopscourt, ' for ' mutual conference and prayer. (2.) Friday, December ith, was observed as a day of fasting,' humiliation, and waiting upon God. with special evening prayer meetings in each parish. '' (3.) On Saturday, there was divine service at St. Andrew's Cathe dral, at 11 o'clock. The Bishop preached most beautifully' and solemnly upon the fruit of the approaching Mission as exclu sively belonging to the Holy Ghost, and afterwards administered the Lord's Supper to 130 communicants. In the evening a meeting of all mission workers (entrance by ticket only) was held at St. James' schoolroom, and 'was addressed by the Bishop, and'the Kevs. Messrs. Dixon, Campbell, and Macartney. ♦ The mission was inaugurated on Sunday morning, Gth December, and when it closed on the evening of Sunday, 13th December, .it was evident that God had indeed raised up His power, and come among us. It is calculated that during the six week evenings, upwards of one thousand persons remained behind under serious impressions (the rest of the congregation having dispersed) to spoak with the incumbent or the missioner, or to receive help from printed^yords of . peace. After-meetings were held in' almost every parish,' 'the whole congregation remaining in the church for prayer and for. further direction and encouragement. The preachers did not go about from parish to parish, as in the Diocese of Melbourne, but kept steadfastly to the one post' to 'which, they bad been callcd'in the providence of God ; and, in view of the gracious consequences,- ifc is not' likely that this method of conducting a mission will be' ever , be abandoned in New South Wales. 'Out of weakness were made strong,' must have been the language of many of the young evangelists who were called upon to .preach to the same congregation every night, to deliver the after-address, to remain still later directing anxious enquirers, , to rise early on the following morning, to take part in a crowded prayer-meeting, to speak during the forenoon with awakened souls who ' shrank from public gaze, to preach to some special ' audience in the afternoon, to be ready for the tremendous issue of the evening, and all the while to sustain their own souls in unimpaired vitality by secret fellowship with God. Yet so it was that the feeblest in body among the whole mission band came out of the conilict refreshed and cheered — ' The joy of the Lord was their strength.' It was well said by the bishop (who was, under God, the head and front of the whole movement), that the work was of too recent a , date and of too sacred a character to gratify public curiosity by a recital of God's apparent work on individual souls.1 Some cases' seem, from their strange and surprising character,' tohave, become' the property of the church at large ; but we forbear to'mention them; as we well know how busy Satan has been in counterfeiting the King's coin, and we wish to speak of nothing which will not bear the crucial test of the wear and tear of time; Some things, however, are matters of fact. Of such we may freely speak. The laity have been greatly stirred. 'The gospel has come among them like a new thing, in new power, in new majesty, in new simplicity. The burden which lay for years -upon- the conscience, 'a source of trouble and fear and perplexity, has1' rolled away from many a soul. The chains of Egypt, in all their killing, enrsing strength, have been laid bare by the Spirit, and the secret of escape from death and spiritual bondage has .been clearly brought to light. Mourners Lave wiped away their tears, the fearful have ven tured on the love of God, the unbelieving have re-read the promises, the slaves of passion have entered into liberty, the wicked have ceased from sinning, f.nd the weary are at rest. And not only has the God of all grace greatly multiplied the number of believers in Sydney, but Christians of long-standing have tasted with new joy the pleasures of the kingdom. They confess that they stand on more sure, more certain, more glorious ground. They seem to know so much better what the Lord Jesus is, and what He is to them ; and they know so much better where they are, and what they are hi Him. The mission has been to them like an unveiling of Christ; like a new manifestation of the Father. Their' present and their' future has a definite brightness, not only because Jesus lives, but because they abide in His love, and He abides in them by His Spirit. ? To go -one step higher. None speak so thankfully, so gratefully, .of the mission as the clergy themselves. Nearness, not distance, has lent its heavenly enchantment to their view of truth. Their own texts, sermons,- sentences, illustrations, have come from the lips of young and ordinary men, all gilded with' the golden -light of/. reality and love: This was simply an answer to their prayer, and was in no respect proportioned to the intellectual qualified tions of the missioner. It seemed as if the blessing was impending, and needed not the roar of artillery, but only the still small voice of God's ambassador to bring it down in copious and refresh ing showers. The crowning result of the eight days' mission has been to set on foot an inquiry among a few at least of the clergy and laity, con cerning what is called the Higher Christian Life. The Lord Jesus has been long looked to as the soul's rest from guilt, but thousands of Christians have looked to ' well-doing,' and patient ' prayer' for the Holy Spirit' as their only principle of 2}V°{lrcss- '^ney have in some measure grown in grace and in knowledge, but their experience is altogether behind that of St. Paul, who walked every day with a clear conscience; or of St. Peter, who rejoiced with joy unspeakable. They have been for years aware of a grievous bondage, of besetments and infirmities which have- not gone down j before, prayer for the Spirit, or patient continuance in duty. \ They have sighed for freedom, and in hearing Jesus freshly pro- ; claimed as the sinner's friend, they have taken Him again as '! their friend in a new sense, but just in the same way — by faith. -. They have brought him their temper, coldness, deadness, carnal desires, their weariness, want of joy, want of holiness, want of success, and they have found that, by believing-*only by believing — He becomes to them a resting place and a place of power, and makes them holy as the holy place in which they sweetly, gladly, worship. - , Could we sum up the results o£ the mission in more weighty conclusive words than these:— Saints and sinners not a few have learned a new lesson : — they have learned to place unbounded confidence in God : — for all sin and for all care, they have learned the secret of ' Trusting in the Lord Jesus !' 