MD1.LB DE MURSKA'S CONCERTS. P The farewell concert given by Mdlle. de Murska on Monday night at the Town Hall was a great success, both numerically and in a musical point of view. The Hall was crowded from the front to the belfrey steps, and we are informed that about a hundred latecomers were unable to obtain admission. This is a gratifying result, and the more so as it was generally reported that Mdlle. de Marsha's visit to South Australia had net been a financial success. The conoert was a supplementary one, and was given as a com plimentary benefit to Mademoieslle. Precisely at 8o'clock the performance of theNational Anthem by Mr. Anderson on the pianoforte announced the arrival of His Excellency and suite. The concert opened with a flute solo by Signor Giammoua, which though not so well adapted for the display of his admirable execution as some of the pieces in his repertoire, was yet given with so much skill as to leave a regret that it was the only piece allotted to him on the programme. Signor Susini followed with Babardi's romanza " Stella d'Amore." It was not a failure, though certainly not a great success. The Siguor's fine voice rolled out grandly in the middle notes, but in the higher range it was almost painfully harsh, leaving the impression that he was suffering from hoarseness or a eold. Later in the evening, however, he was heard to much greater advantage, especially in the prayer from Verdi's opera "Nabuceo," which was much admired. Mdlle. de Murska followed with the "Shadow Song" from Meyerbeer's last opera "Dinora." Her rendering of this singularly erratic composition was not merely faultless, but extremely artistic. The capricious passages which it contains, and which are repeated sotlo voce er as an echo of the singer's own voice, were exquisitely rendered, and, in fact, the whole was given. in a style of art seldom heard and not always appreciated. The perception of the beautiful, the elegant, and the pure in music implies culture on the part of the hearer. Without this he may hear the challenging voice of nature without gaining admission to her sanctuary. The aria was enthusiastically encored, and in response the gifted vocalist gave Doppler's beautiful " Hungarian Song," com posed expressly for her. The final calando was very sweetly and delicately rendered. It was also applauded to the echo. We may here explain parenthetically why Meyerbeer's aria is called the " Shadow Song." She opera is of the romantic class. The scene is laid in Britteny. Dinora, a village maiden, was on the eve of her marriage with a young farmer named Hoel, when a destructive fire reduced him to poverty, and drove him to despair. In his extremity the voice of supersti tion induced him to believe that he might obtain immense wealth conditionally upon his obser vance of the self-restraining discipline of an anchorite for cue year, and on his performing certain prescribed rites at the end of that term at midnight in the Demon Gien. He consents. In the meantime a former suitor of Dinora, whom she had indignantly rejected, persuades her to believe that fioel has for ever forsaken her. This "weight of woe" overthrows her reason without touching her affections. She wanders about iu the woods by night:— " All alone and broken- hearted, Through the sunshine, through the gloaming, Like the ghost of one departed, She is searching, she is roaming, With a call, ' return my love.'" It is during one of these fits of frenzy that she sings the "Shadow Song." It is the night upon which Hoel is to visit the Demon Glen. On her entrance she is still deploring inco herently the loss of her lover, when the moon, suddenly breaking forth from the clouds, throws her own shadow upon the stage, which in her fantasy she imagines to be Hoel himself. It is to this shadowy phantasm that she sings and dances in the elegant aria which Meyerbeer composed, and which ,Mdlle. de Murska inter prets so skilfully. The admirable performance by Messrs. J. Hall and Alfred Anderson of Osborne and De Beriot's duet "Guillaume Tell," for violin and pianoforte, in which the ever-welcome Tyrolean air " Quell agil pie" forms the speciality, evoked au un-" mistabable encore. In response they gave the adagio movement from one of Beethoven's SoBatas. This also was excellently performed. In the second part of- the concert Mdlle. de Murska gHrig lor the first time in Adelaide the celebrated aria, " Gli angui d'inferno," from the 2nd act of Mozart's "II Flauto Magieo." It is 6et in D minor and frequently ascends to F in alt. Assuming, as we believe to be the fact, that Mademoiselle sang it without transposition, she accomplished a feat beyond the reach of all but a very few of even the world's most gifted vocalists. The melcdy is_ not of a par txcularly norid character. it is, However, in Mozart's highest style, and as rendered on Monday evening its beauties were displayed to the admiration of all who heard it. The song stress was recalled again and again. The ladies showered their bouquets at her feet by scores, and again renewed their floral offerings after she had responded to the encore by singing Benedict's " Carnival of Venice," composed expressly for her. But we have yet to notice another art triumph. We refer to Gounod's '' Ave Maria," sung by Mdile. de Murska, with violin obligate accompaniment by Mr. John Hall, Mr. Andetson presiding at the piano. This in our estimation was the greatest artistic success, not only of the evening, but of the entire series of the De Murska concerts. We cannot describe the music itself nor the thrilling effect it produced. It must suffice to pronounce it as intensely beautiful in its touching serenity. The audience seemed to listen in almost breathless silence, and at its close nothing would satisfy them but a repetition. Mademoiselle's voice, so pure and sweet, f©ll upon the ear like an enchantment, and the effect was much enhanced by the delioacy of the accompanying instrumentalists. Mr, Morley deserves a word of praise for his excellent vocal efforts. In the first part he sang a cavatina from " fSroani" very creditably indeed, and his rendering of his favourite song, " Thou art so near and yet so far," " brought down the house" and a redemand. The concert was over a few minutes after 10 o'clock. The Serenade. At the clese of the concert a graceful com pliment was paid the renowned singer by the Germans, who made their arrangements with their usual judgment and taste. It was decided that the Liedertafel, the Theatre Royal Band, and their friends should combine to pay a well merited compliment to Mademoiselle de Murska at the close of her professional visit to Adelaide, which has contributed so much to the pleasure of the people. About half-past 11 o oloek a procession was formed at Schrader's Hotel, Leigh-street, preceded by two mounted troopers, and consisting of the Liedertafel, headed by the President, Mr. Armbruster, and the Conductor, Mr. C. Puttmann: the Theatre Royal Band, headed by Mr. J. Hall, followed by various German friends. Nearly all those who joined in the procession carried Chinese lanterns, which had a pleasing effect. The Globe Hotel was reached "shortly before 12 o'clock, and Bundle- street was found to be thronged with people. All available points of observa tion, such as balconies, housetops, &cu;, were crowded with spectators, and the street con tained several thousands. With the usual good taste of South Australian crowds, the people behaved with the greatest decorum after the first rush was over, and the police who were in attendance had comparatively little trouble. The Globe Hotel, Hamburg Hotel, Mr. Bulk's establishment, and a few other leading plaoeBof business in the vicinity were Illuminated. A magnesium light was displayed at Messrs. Paulding's as soon as the pro cession reached the top of Bundle-street, and the lanterns borne by the pedes trians engaged made the thoroughfare almost as light as day. The liedertafel commenced by singing "Stille, StOle !" (quiet! quiet!}. The Band then played the well-known " Tann haiiser" March, and the liedertafel followed with "Ich grusse Dich" (1 greet thee). The Band then played selections from " Lucia de Lammermoor." Mademoiselle de Murska, who with her friends had been at the eastern window of the Globe Hotel during the whole of the proceedings, thanked the serenaders in the German language for the compliment they had paid her, and said it was the most pleasant even ing she had passed in South Australia, and one which she would long remember. She then threw a great number of bouquets amongst the crowd, which eagerly scrambled for them. She then sang "The Last Rose of Summer," -which elicited hearty and con tinued cheers. The President (Mr. Arm bruster), the Conductor (Mr. C. Puttmann) and Mr. John Hall waited upon Mademoiselle de Murska in her apartments at the close of the serenade, and Mr. Armbruster, in the name of the liedertafel, the Theatre Royal Band, and their collective friends, addressed the lady, and said to him had been deputed the honour of thanking surii a highly gifted and accomplished lady for having gratified them by affording an opportunity of hearing the greatest talent that had as yet visited South Australia's shores. As they had never before received so talented a ringer the Liedertafel and the Band had felt themselves in duty bound to shcrw their appre ciation by a demonstration. He hoped that wherever her footsteps might tend she would always meet with the same amount of enthusiasm as she had evoked here and in the other Aus tralian Colonies—a tribute due to her genius. A. toast in the lady's honour wasthen drunk, and she having responded in suitable terms the serenadere retired. Mademoiselle de Mureka will be long remem bered hy the musical public of Adelaide as on» of the most gifted and accomplished artists that have ever paid a professional visit to tho colony. The Hibebkica at the Port.—There was a good attendance at the Port Town Hali on Monday evening to enjoy the bill of fare pro vided by Ho worth's Company, and judging from the applause the people were gratified. The views are good, and the comicalities of various members of the troupe diverting. Two enter tainments were given in the place on Wednes day, that in the afternoon being attended by a large crowd of youngsters, who thoroughly en joyed the proceedings. That in the evening was well attended. Wblabd's Wandehikgs.—Mr. J, W. Smith,' the enterprising entrepreneur, who, it may ba remembered, first introduced the Japanese per formers here, has now made arrangements for a series of entertainments to be given in White's Booms, commencing about the 18th instant. He has engaged the Willard company, who will arrive by the next mail steamer from England. The entertainment is said to be a melange of mellifluous music, mysterious magic, and mar vellous mimicry, together with dancing and a recital of "Mr, Willard's Wanderings." Mr, Willard imitates most of the wonders of the Spiritists, and both ho and his wife ars reported to be good, musicians. Mr. Thomas Kennedy has arrived in Adelaide as the agent of Mr, Smith. Lady Don.—Deferring to the decease of this popular actress the Melbourne Herald writes:— "Lady Don was the daughter of an actor named Saunders, well known in London. Miss Saunders went upon the stage, as might have been ex pected, and quickly rose to celebrity through her beautiful voice in singing. The late Sir William Dob, as a man about town, became - acquainted with the young actress, and married her. Bis finances ran to a low ebb, whereupon he startled his relatives by taking to the stage. Sir William and Lady Don became great stars in the profession. In the height of their fame - they came to Australia, fifteen years ago, ap pearing at the Theatre Royal. Sir William Dan mainly attracted notice from his extraordinary height, being over six feet and a half. Bis acting was described as * Buckstone magnified, with an infusion of Comptom' It cannot be said that his powers were great, but he was very amusing as Long Tom Cofi&D;, Dandle Dinmont, and other characters. Lady Don was recognised as one of the finest singers ever heard in Australia. Sir William Don died in Tasmania, about eighteen months after arriving here. Lady Don returned to England, and took up her abode with her husband's relatives. Afterwards she reappeared on the stage, and visited Australia again. She played very successfully at the Haymarket Theatre, Melbourne. Then Ber Ladyship went to England once more, and performed in all parts of the United Kingdom. She took her passage for Melbourne in the Northumberland somewhere about two years ago, but forfeited ' the passage-money. Lady Don did not maintaiu her high level in the profession to the iast, but was reduced to appear at minor places of amusement. Ber age would be about forty-five years." 