if THE l) house by the [ boyne; : OB, UNCTIONS OF AST IRISH , BOKOUGH. I By MRS. J. SADLIER. CHAPTER XIIL— (Continued.) tomo shook his head. fhen you have heard little of Scottish i itrelsy, my aunt will tell you about the | bf its kind in Europe. But if I had i |n y0U had never heard ' Lochaber ' you | Id have gone there with that sweetest j most touching of airs echoing in your it and mingling with the breezes that -(those heathery hills'' Bit so very beautiful, then 1' lies, and even more so ; you should hear iljintaing it— then you can judge of the mi that breathes in it. Aunt Lydia, won't King 'Lochaber' for Signor Giaeomo 1' fetnow, Eose, not now—some pother M' said her aunt hastily ; then she went fell the same rapid utterance, as if to 1 through with the subject as soon as i it be-' the air is a very sweet one, i bing some of the tenderest chords of the If, but you must not call it a Scottish Bo; and why not, Aunt Lydia ?' Pecanse,itisone of those airs the origin '?U we Irish dispute kwith the Scotch. ?jm was so certain of its' being Irish that Ipstocluced it amongst his Irish wm with one of his most beautiful W- When cold in the earth lies the idii hast loved.'' milhm that well,' said Giaeomo, Jpve tad my father sing it .'many a fat east snatches of it; I remember Isolds particularly— f mr % mnooent beauty first came, i;'*88 thafctau^t-im true love to i'S* Pre3enceJaad; turn him with pidols he had blindly knelt to before.' E&^a^h^Lochaber' of It b/JhTl%.t that it was int,rn I *, nIrisKlands ^ L™™™ i», It if }gW*! br°tner of the P8tt^Scot sh nil 5aS been common IN; m Gael for over two hun r*thengat;;Sllewas but half ??Hi.,. ' WQat nnito +~~i_ _. _ ?''''Btiine. flinoa « * uuli- your 1*1 o» '-ov J,n?,ve,raes w« once «,-. u«nnellan'aHarp,- be K''»e, and tl' 'Jow covlId I 1, ifi. *!re,st»g-Place of J »'«poem-. '-''» one whole |feHl.ne,audW, 'I 'I And you also remember those fine verses translated from the Jriah-I think by Fer guson-apostrophizing the. minstrel, and commencing thus— ' ' Enchanter-ho reif»nesfc Supreme o'er the North, ' Who hasfc wiled the coy spirit : Of true music forth ; In vain Europe's minstrels To honour aspire, 1 When thy swift slender fina*™, ? Go forth on the lyre.' Row beautiful are the last lines : 1 Who hear thee (hey praise thee ? They weep while thdy praise ? For, channel', from Fah-yland Ftesh are thy lays !' 'Beautiful, indeed,' said Giaeomo ; 'I suould like to have heard some of those old Irish harpers— Oarolan. of whom T h*™ ?, !nJl?aMd y?u ,speak' Miss Ackland-or tnatOJNeil, of whom your poor father to] d us so much one evening, sitting in this verv room. J 'And less than a year ago!' said Miss Acldand sadly, as she cast her tearful eyes over the smiling prospect that lay spread without. Silenceffeli on all, the silence of tender, recollection ; a light wind played in the clustering vines about the open window ? the breath of the jasmine and clematis was WflJTftn frpsn nnrl ha1m*r in^ 4.u~ ? beautiful and touching emblem of the odour of sweetness which the good leave on earth behind them when they have passed to the spirit-land. Eose was the first to break the silence evidently with the intention of diverting her aunt from her gloomy thoughts— « What were we talking of before we turned off, by way of digression, to Scotch airs and Trish harpers?— oh ! the Highlands, and Lochaber, *? be,sure- wel1 really, -Signor, I never thought you had so much enthusiasm as I see you have ; it is quite refreshing to hear you talk of those wild scenes and wild peo ple ! I don't know but I shall pay them a visit myself some day— that is if anyoody will so be kind at to take me. ' Then she sang in her real or affected exuberance of feeling— 'Hurrah for the Highlands, 'the stern'Scottish Highlands, ^^w UUvuu Ul uuc v,iamoiua,u, vae orave and the free, Where the clouds love to rest o'er the moun tain's rough breast, E'er they journey afar o'er the islandless sea !' ' Well done, Miss Rose !' said a cheery, but not over sweet voice without ; ll I give you my word, I couldn't do it better my fielt ! And Harry Cusack made his appear ance at the open window, raising his hat politely to the ladies, nodding stiffly to their companion. You ! saTd Rose, ' why you have no more voice than a jack-daw !' 'Who said I hadP' was the good hum6£red answer, 'f'didn't I say I couldn't do it better myself? But who's for a drive this fine evening % It's a pity to be in the house, so I thought I'd come and see if you ladies wouldn't like a moonlight drive bv the river'side.' J ' Oh ! you dear Harry Cusack, the very thing we would like !' said Rose clapping *jh ua,uuo , ui uuuist) you win come, oig nor 1 ' turning to Giaeomo. 'Thank you,' he replied with icy cold ness ' I promised to drop in this evening at Mr. Brodlgan's ; I should have been there before now.' ' Could you not postpone your visit till to-morrow evening, and come with us?' Miss Ackland inquired; she looked at Cusack, so did Giaeomo, but Cusack was look ing another way, and Miss Ackland had too mucn tact to renew an invitation which ought to come from- another. Giaeomo hurried away, anxious, as he said, to ireep ms appointment, and Rose made no effort to detain him, wishing him, on the contrary a very pleasant evening. ' You might have had the politeness to ask the Signor, too,' said Rose, somewhat pettishly, as she helped her aunt to ' wrao up. ' F * .o qkjv uij u.uj.00 uu bmnic or, Miss Rose ! ' I vow you're as gruff as a bear.' ' Thank you kindly, Miss Rose I Allow me to put on your shawl !' ' Thank you kindly, I have it on ! But do you know, Mr. Harry Cusack, 1 have half a mind not to go, when you are so fearful of overloading your hone, you know !' And she stood swinging her bonnet by the ties, as if irresolute, -. *v,, Mj.\jy AUUOU . OWIU UCJ1 clUIib I DOW childishly you talk. Put on your bonnet and let us go !' Rose left the room. ' I wonder, Mr, Cusack, will Rose ever learn to control her tongue 1' 'That depends,' said Cusack, shrugging his shoulders as naturally as though he were a born Frenchman. ' Are you ready now, ladies 1' As Rose tripped in, shawled ana bonnetted, looking so pretty that even her aunt could not help noticing it, to her self, of course— she was ever chary of com pliments, especially to her niece. 'This is very pleasant,' said Rose, as having descended the steps to the lower road, they found the car waiting, and started at a brisk trot along the white smooth road, running close by the river-side. ' This is very pleasant, if none of the dead are walk ing abroad in the moonlight. Suppose, now we, were to meet Tom Cullen, the cooper !'' . Oh, you shocking girl, What ideas come 'Very shocking, I know, Aunt Lydia : out very natural, when one ;is out at night on. the Boyne side. . Mr. Cusack !' turning to that gentleman who sat, dos-a-dos, on the opposite side of the car, 'did you ever see Tom Cullen, the cooper V ' T n.a.n'f qqit T AU Ti/rz ? t- ? - „ i t i Tii u i J u» j-u-ias jcujse, ana x nope 1 11 be longer so !— drive on faster, Ned!' to his man The subject was not to Mr. Cusack s liking, it was plain. (I wonder is it true that so many people have seen that most unlucky of coopers' went on Rose ; « the steps on which they say he stands ought to be somewhere about te™u fiT °i! ^,believe they are farther up to i^t^^dle:. , Dear.me! whatatLg lir T; l Ty UIie »oinS UP or down to see Him standing at a turn of the steps, Snnl ^ ?'it aV.°id PaSSinS him' Wifcho^ &tTmeZeI;^A nicedilemma' r-\LTeTl~:ni?e' indee^' but not very 'As you please, Mr. Casack !-we have voicC&?oCae !-dM™ Ackland, dropping hi? Cullen rP«^1Sper' beg§ed Eose to let Tom meaniLPr°miS?d TWith a SmiIe -* ^btful meaning, and she kept silent for awhile, but ever see 'ft?? '*£ : '^ Cusack' did Vm is said o w,l^d tlir^i-^te that ,x. Ar} sure if she did'nt walk bv nisht Miss it isn't by day she'd walk 1'™ f in' wfth So°7r hlS Perch ? front' lookingP?ound Ieemed^t?Wln5? ^°k °n his face that {t Iiia r«n I r T , ?yuu ie spoken co saia 5uest?o^nrfSlharply\\.tllen answered ^se's question m the negative. » On' It hi$. blac!c d°S with fiery eyes V Oh, the viUlan o' the world!' ejaculated Ned low and slow, ' sure he most put the life on ; o me one night last winther !' : iJidn t I tell you not to put in your ' f ure I know you did, sir, but I thought it was no harm to answer the young lady's ^. — ,w.v,x,, „„ x uauseeu me aog, an l thought maybe you hadn't, Mr. Cusack V -It was a harm, then ; see that you don't ao it again I y^l^lP 1-d^longsorrywlien Ned was silenced, but not so Rose, for the more she saw it annoyed poor Cusack. H™ more she kept on talking ofcall the ghosts whose 'local habitation' was anywhere in that vicinity, for, thanks to NaScy's story telling propensities, and her own fondness (as a child) for ghost stories, she knew them all. in vain did her aunt endeavour many times to change the subject of conversation : still the wayward girl returned to the same dismal themes, always addressing her dis course to Mr. Cusack, and winding up by saying with sly meanine-wh^n ha hoZa«5 1,^ down at the gate on their return— 'I hope you enjoyed the drive, Mr. Cusack ?-I did amazingly !' He muttered something, and bidding Miss Ackland 'good night, stepped on his car, and told Ned, to drive on, without ».so much as looking1 at Kose. 6 ' Serve you right !' said her aunt, as they ascended the steps together. 'Serve him right,' and Rose laughed merrily, ' he was so rude to Signor Gia eomo !' CHAPTER XIV. ^ It was St. John's eve, and the bonfires were blazing in the streets of the old borough shedding a reddish light on the dark walls' and sharp angles, and irregular outlines of the quaint old-tirne fabrics, and giving to all that picturesque character which broad light .and deep shadow alternating are sure to pro uuce. jwery eminence tlie country over sent up its cheerful glow to the blue midsum mer sky, and all along the river side were seen at short intervals, the merry grounds of the young dancing around the symbol-fires which their fathers lit of old in honour of their god Baal, and which they, of more iuvourea times, maae commemorative of the light of Christianity happily shed over the island m after times. The evening was beautiful, apart from the joyous celebration, and Miss Ackland pro posed to Rose and Giaeomo, who had taken tea with them, that they should go down and have a walk by the river side. The young people were delighted with the proposal, and tuey au enree sained iorth, leaving Nancy sitting on the door-step under the deep porch watching with much interest the fires that shot up here and there in quick succession, flashing out^fehrough the deepening gloom of twilight. After a pleasant walk along the river road pausing occasionally to watch the dancer^ who were footing it merrily round some cf little party returned home, with the addition fo^TJ Cusack and ^. Brodigan, whohafr SSliT on the way- To th°se who ™-' derstood the reason, it was amusing to see RoTptl: ?-!°??7 the f°rmer gen«eman avoided bSiW. .6y Wf e °Ufc Of doors' and Mr J3rodigan, not understanding it, began twit him with his want of gallantry. -, (To be continued.) 