SUFFERINGS OP SHIPWBECKED MABTKEBS. The sufferings of some mariners -who formed portion of the crew of the British ship Euxine, winch left'North Shields for A dan, on the '12th Jiine,"laden with coal, and which they: were, on: the 8th August, compelled to abandon, owing to . the cargo shifting and catching £re, are thus described by the Batmia Bandehlad:—" The ere w lef t the ship in three boats, the captain with 13 men in the long boat,-the jirst mate with 8 men in the second boat, and the second mate with 7 men .in the .third.boat. They con tinned the .whole day in the neighbourhood of the ship, and were then in 81 ° 5' S. and. 7° 58* "W*., and thU3 .850 English .miles from St. Helena. "When, on the evening of that day, flames broke out'from the £ttxine \ on all sides, it was determined to make for the said island," and, for,greater security, it was decided that the boats should remain as close to each other as possible. On the first night the boat in which were the 8econdmate with 7 men parted company from the others, and when day broke they found themselves wholly alone on the wide I ocean. The third boat was a so-called life- I boat, abont 30 feet long, and had her sides raised with sailcloth for bulwarks. She was provided with 10 air-tight cases, rigged with two inasts besides a foreboom, and carried a good set of sails and the necessary cordage. The provisions consisted of two oases of ship biscuit, each containing abont SO kilogrammes, a ham, a cheese, 12 tins of meat, each holding 2^ kilos, and two smalt j casks of drinking water, besides some tools and a tin case filled with oil. The bread in a great measure had become moist from sea water getting inside, even before they lor^i Bight of the ship. In accordance with an observation taken with some instruments they had along with them, and by a -chart, they Bteered steadily westwards, because they supposed they were to the eaBt ward of the land. After nine dayB had bp en spent in the boat,- they came, to the conclusion, that they bad been steering t 00 much to the westward, as wind and sea did not admit of their changing their course, they decided upon going on sail* Mg aa they had done, with a hope of meetr with a ship or else reaching the coast -0j South America. In the meantime, the rprevisions began.: to, diminish greatly, and.] although the utmost care was taken of t>10m, and the greatest economy practised, those in the boat had soon to be content, with a ration of half a biscuit and a gla ss of drinking water every H hours. Ttjus the 28th August, ap proached, whi'ch was to be so calamitous to In t'ue evening, a stiff breeze blew and the seu was very rough. It was about midnight. Sandstrom, a sailor, had made over the rudder to De Jager, the boat3 wain, and the remainder of the men had sought refreshment in sleep. Suddenly, the boat Capsized, and the eight men were struggling in the water, one of whom, a sailor named Reynolds, forthwith disappeared in ths £o e?bos tbij si&tprtuBs; ij to bo ascribed, is not yet discovered; whether sleep' bad overpowered the steersman, or the boat had been going against the wind and bad capsized, or one mhst think that it had been purposely done, who can tell f It is certain that the discouraged boatswain had already threatened twice to knock a hole in the craft in order, by so doing, to put an end to the misery of all, bnt that he had always been prevented from doing it. After' the npsetting of the boat, every one clang as well as possible to the cordage lying about, and fonrof the men had the good luck to creep npon the keel and get a firm hold of it., -The boatswain and two of the sailors were soon washed away from the boat by the rolling seas; Schntt, a sailor, who was an excellent swimmer, took off his clothing whilst swimming, and reached his comrade Yermeulen, who was .already sink ing. ' Whilst he, exerting all his strength, was swimming to the boat, the boatswain snddenly laid hold of him by the leg, so that tbe vigilant swimmer had to save two persons. Desire of self-preservation - bade him, however, free himself from this bur den, and he released himself from the grasp of the boatswain, who afterwards clnng to a bread case floating in the neighborhood. He reached the boat, and after having pat his comrade Yermeulen upon it, he once more betook himself into the water to save otherB. - He, however,- found no more,-and saw, in the bright moonlight, only the empty bread case floating; the boatswain hadsnnk a little while previously. Thus, out of eight men, only six were holding on to the npset boat, withont any food or hope of rescue, yet they supported and encour aged each other. It was not until morning that they succeeded, after" spending four anxious hours in this condition, in righting the boat again; after which, it was imme diately decided, in order to prevent a re- i petition of the misfortune, to cat away the masts and take down the sails. ' On the Sunday morning following, smaller sail was made of some pieces of sail cloth, and fastened to a piece of wood, so that they conld at onceete^r right before the wind. Hanger and thirst, how ever, harassed them extremely, ■ and the latter was made worse by their drinking sea water. The Sunday was pasBed misera bly ; every one loBt courage, and, owing to the feeble hope of meeting with a vessel, none of them dared fall asleep. When at last, Monday came, they were all at a Iobs owing to privation, and agreed on a plan for killing one of their number to be as signed by lot. Only a short time after they had put their comrade to death, they were rescued by the Java Packet, after having spent 23 days in the boat; and having navigated fnily 2000 English miles." The circumstances attending their sacrificing one of their number to the de mon of hunger are thns related in the EandeUblad of the 3rd inst.:—"For seven days they, had eaten nothing, and had endeavoured to qnench thirst by sea water, so that one of them, wholly exhausted, Btrove to stab himBelf in despair. He was, however, restrained by the others, who pro posed that, considering tbe circumstances, it should be decided by lot which of the six should be the first victim to save hiB com rades for a while from death by hnnger. In conformity with this plan, six pieces of wood of varying length were cut; the mate held them in his hand, and each of the men drew oat one; he who drew the longest was to fall. Francis Shufus, an Italian, was the unfortunate whom the lots assigned for it. Meekly and without a murmur he sub mitted, and soon he gave up the ghost nnder the knife of his hnngry fellows. Some hoars afterwards, and when they had jnst commenced their horrid meal, a sail. waB sighted on the horizon, whither conrse was immediately shaped. On the evening of the same day, Angnst 31st, the five rescued persons, com pletely exhausted, reached the deck of tbe Java Packet. Captain Trappen and his subordinates immediately did all they conld, by careful treatment, to make the five un fortunates forget as mnch as possible the misery suffered. Yesterday they were brought here natnrally destitute of every thing, and are living in a sailors' lodging house near the wharf. Their names are: James Archer, 2nd mate ; Augnst Mailer, Victor Sandstrom, 11 anus Schntt, and Alexander Vermeolen, sailors. Their re maining comrades in the two other boats have, according to a Lloyds' telegram of to- day, arrived safe at St. Helena without accidents." 