, Intercolonial Intelligence. DIOCESE OF SYDNEY. According- to our promise, we continue the series of letters which have recently appeared in the Australian Churchman, on the subject of the ' Higher Christian Life.' The following is the letter from Dr. Bonar, which Dean Cowper has appended to his own : — 'I am. exceedingly obliged to you for your book, although I knew ? if before, and prized it much. I wish we knew, something more than ?we do of the real views of the Perfectionists. It is reported that some of them deny future punishments, and man's original depravity and condemnation. a\xz wnetner tnis is tne case i Jsnow not. it is reported that they say they love the Lord with all their heart and soul. If so, they can have no sin to confess : for to love the Lord ? perfectly is to be sinless. But at all events I do not read anywhere ' in their writings of that divine ' righteousness, ' the ' best robe,' which ' our reforming and Puritan forefathers rejoiced in as that which ? covers and beautifies the sinner. Is it less needful now, less beautiful, or less sufficient since the day that Paul preached it, or rather gloried in it ? Have they left the cross behind them, and substituted the work of the Spirit for the work of Christ? They seem to get all their peace from their own personal holiness, and when their peace is disturbed, they get back to it by getting back to the holiness ? which they have lost, instead of getting back to the vicarious ? substitute, and to His perfection as the sin-bearer. By a fresh act of faith in the power of Christ they rise into fresh holiness, and thus they ' return to their rest. ' 'I should much like to call your attention to this, point. Do we fully know what sin is, and what holiness is, according to the. mind of God ? Have we ever sounded by ten thousand fathoms the deplh ? of that abyss of sin which is in every human heart? Have we ever estimated the awful guilt contained in even the faintest shadow of a departure from God, either in deed or thought ? If not, shall we say, ' I am pure, I love the Lord with all my heart ; all inner opposition ? has ceased !' 'It is not by an act of faith in the power of Christ that we learn what sin is; what holiness is, and what is the desperate deceitfulness of our own hearts. Granting that our Perfectionist brethren have far outstripped us in the race of holiness, and that they 'can honestly ? say, I am not consciously sinning, they are still men of like passions ? as we are, and know but very imperfectly what sin and holiness are ; unless they are certain they know them fully and perfectly, they are only trifling with words when they talk of being free from conscious ? sin. Not till I fully know what sin is can I dare to say I am delivered from it, save in the blessed Pauline sense of 'no condemnation.' God knoweth to the full what that sin is from which He justifies me, and that is my security ; for my justification being a judicial thing is' according to the measure of what God sees and knpws. But I know not what the subtle impurity is which we call by the name of sin ; and to say that I have got rid of it when I do not yet know fully what it is, is self-deception of the most serious kind. It is the introduction of a lie into the conscience, which, if not ejected, will sooner or later sear it utterly. ' St. Paul had got quit of much sin, yet it was not this that he gloried in, but in ' no condemnation.' He did not venture to say that he loved the Lord with all his heart, for he knew too well what some of us have yet to learn — what that love means, and what that heart is. Instead of speaking of being ' freed from internal opposi tion/ as Mr. Smith affirms that he is, he said, - We that are in this tabernacle do groan, being burdened' (2 Cor. y. 4). He was not beyond the burden and the groan, as some now profess to-be. ? Nay, he says, ' We who have the first-fruits of the Spirit groan within ourselves,' as if the groan became the deeper in proportion to being filled with the Spirit. ' I know that Christ could by , one word of. His power make me sinless in a moment, just as he could make this vile body incorrup tible at once, without waiting for the coming resurrection. But such is not the law of the kingdom, such is not the purpose of the Father. He is glorified not in the instantaneous perfection of His redeemed, but in their gradual deliverance from imperfection. Gradual growth out of the evil into tho good is the divine law of holiness ; and by this sin is exhibited, the human breast unveiled, the righteousness of the substitute magnified. Man prefers the instan taneous to the gradual ; but will he prevail against God ? Is there one word in all that the Holy Spirit has written by way of direction, or one ? instance from Genesis to Revelation, in all the histories which He has recorded, which gives countenance to this instanta neous process ? If perfection comes by a sudden act of faith, what becomes of the discipline through which we pass ? What mean the furnace, and the file, and the hammer, and the rod, and the pruning knife ? Does the refiner keep the gold in the fire after the dross is purged? Does the father continue to apply the rod after the son has been perfected 1 What, then, on the Perfectionist theory, does that chastisement mean of which all arc partakers ; and without which we are ' bastards and not sons ' ? They who have passed through the hottest and the longest furnace know not only the sin which has been burned out, but the far greater sin which still remains. The sin offering was the most awful of all the sacrifices, as if the sins which it repented were the most numerous and the worst. And what were these sins? Not- the conscious, but .the unconscious sins. It is unto the profound, unknown, unimaginable evils of unconscious sin that the Holy Spirit in the book of Leviticus has so specially directed our thoughts. That awful sin offering ! Does it shed no light upon the Perfectionism of them, who having, as they think, got rid of conscious sin, can look up to God and say, I love Thee with all my heart ? ' One of my chief objections to the Perfectionist doctrine is that it subverts the whole argument and scope of the Epistles to the Eoinans and the Hebrews. It takes the keynote from both. The keynote of the former is ' righteousness ;' the keynote of the latter is ' perfec tion ;' judicial righteousness in the former, and sanctuary or sacri ficial perfection in the latter. The words death and life, dead and living, sanctify, consecrate, cleanse, perfect, have all changed, their meaning in Perfectionist writings. All that Luther rejoiced in ; all that Robert Haldane so admirably expounded ; all that John Owen so fully elaborated is not merely swept away, but supplanted by its opposite. These epistles are turned upside-down, and. on this sub version the whole theory is built up. Scripture is seldom quoted by Mr. Smith and his followers ; when it is cited, we are led away fr.om the simple and literal sense into the mystical, and sometimes into the rationalistic ; for the rationalists and the mystics shake hands over the Epistle to the Romans, both excluding the judicial or forensic sense, or the mystics use the word ' holiness,' and .the rationalists, 'moral virtue.' Will any of our Perfectionist brethren say can didly what they think of Luther on the Galatians, Haldane on the Romans, and Owen on the Hebrews ? _ 'My dear friend, Mr. Christopher, put into my hands. last year a circular- asking prayer for Mr. Smith in his revisal of his chief work. I replied that I would only pray that the work might be totally sup pressed, as its errors were of a far .more serious and pervading kind than was generally believed. I also called his attention to what I conceived to be the worst of Mr.. Smith's works — that on Romans vii. — in which the apostle is affirmed to be a backslider ; to have ' sought to be made perfect by the activities of the flesh ;' to have ' lost communion with Christ, and victory over sin through faith ;' with other similar charges against the apostle, which appeared tome as profane as they were untrue. A year has passed since that circular for prayer was given to me, and I am sure, in the.ca.se of Mr. Christopher, it was given with the Christian ingenuousness that shines out in his loving character. Yes, a j7ear has passed ; and' all the while the objectionable work was being sold unaltered ; and I , hear at last that the volume has come forth with some trifling changes, which does not fit all. alter its erroneous theology. What can 1 call such a proceeding? Yet those who have been parties to this strange transaction profess to have outstripped their brethren in holiness ; and if in holiness, then surely in -uprightness and integrity. But does heresy cver.kcep its ethics straight 1 Mr. Smith exclaimed at Brighton — ''Let us launch out into a life of divine carelessness.' Was the above transaction part of this divine carelessness ? , ' I thought that Mr. Smith's publication of Popish hymns, and his peculiar way of withdrawing his name when he found that he had gone too far, -would have opened all Protestant eyes. But I hear that the hymns are read still by his followers with all their Popish mysticism; nay, more, I am told that Mr. Smith's eulogy of Faber :has introduced the whole of his idolatrous, volumes into Protestant families, and that they lie side-by- sido with Perfectionist works in London drawing-rooms. There must be some affinity between these hymns and Mr. Smith's teaching, else such a juxtaposition would have been impossible. I dare say that not a few of Mr. Smith's expressions are identical with those of. the Popish mystics — such as Molinos and Madame Guyon. 'As I grow older I cleave more to the single and literal sense of the Word in opposition to the mystical. I delight more in the volumes of Reformation theology — specially of your English divines. I dread deviations from the truth as the beginning of those ' strong delusions' which God is to send in the last days ; and I stand in awe as I witness the crowds that sway hither and thither, from doctrine to doctrine, from man to man, from church to church. Each year ?when I come up to London I find some new doctrine afloat, and unstable souls beguiled; some on whom I counted most for stead fastness hurried on with the multitude ; old errors as well as old truths giving way to some novelty ; one watchword exchanged for another that had grown stale ; one pungency supplanted by some thing more pungent and more exciting. As I watch the augmenting confusion and fermentation everywhere in. the churches, I can only look up and appeal to the Good Shepherd — Wilt Thou allow Thy sheep to be thus scattered, devoured by wolves, or poisoned by malignant pastures ; and wilt Thou not have pity upon Thy lambs that look up to Thee in their helplessness, not knowing which way to . turn? '''Offenpes will come ; but woe to him by whom the offence cometh. The headiness and highmindedness of the last days seem especially developing themselves. Theology is decried because it stands in the way of mysticism. Rom. vii. is perverted, and St. Paul pro nounced a backslider in writing it, because that solemn chapter gives the death-blow to the theory of Perfectionism. 'Have I written too strongly? 1 don't think so. Years are now upon me, and I may claim to be entitled to speak ; and if not listened to, at least to leave this as my testimony before God and the churches that I know few errors more subversive of what the Bible really teaches, and of what our fathers of the Reformation died for, than this modern Perfectionism. The thing now called holiness is not that which we find in Scripture ; and the method of reaching holiness by an instantaneous leap, called an act of faith, is nowhere taught us by the Holy Ghost. One thing has struck me sadly in the authorised reports of the Brighton Conference — the number of per verted passages of Scripture ; and this is really the root of the whole evil. The speakers first disclaim — I might say deride — theology, and then they proceed to distort the Word of God. I was grieved beyond measure to see my dear friend ? so sadly perverting the words of Hezekiah, ' Undertake for me.' Surely he must have been misreported, and yet these perversions are part of the system. It \- cannot stand without ttiem. ' I am glad to see the bold attitude assumed by the Record. I hope this will continue. Now is the moment for proclaiming the old truth to the Evangelicals of England. Is Evangelicalism about to be dissolved into something more sensational than Ritualism ? — Excuse .this length, and believe me, yours faithfully, ' June 12th, 1875. ' ' Horatius Bonar.' 