THE ARGUS. PUBLISHED DAILY. " I am in the place where I am demanded of conscience lo speak the truth, and, therefore, the truth I speak, impugn it whose list" TO CORRESPONDENTS, Letters and other communications intended for in- sertion in the news columns should be addressed to THE EDITOR. No notlce can be taken of anonymous communications. Every letter must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer, not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of good faith. Rejected communications cannot be returned under any circumstances whatever. To avoid inconvenience and delay to persons interested we have to request that all business communica- tions, including advertísements, orders for the paper, and remittances, be addressed to WILSON and MACKINNON, and not to THE EDITOR. MONDAY, AUGUST 30, 1875. Our article of Friday last on the sub- ject of the Western Port Coal-fields, and the Btrenuous efforts now being made. fr¡ induce the Government to take over eight railes or thereabouts, of runs, for the purpose of reconstruction in the form of a railway, appoars to have created quite a flutter in several quar- ters. First of all, we havo the gentle- men who signed tho very gù- vT.11- an(* oloquent memorial to tho Governm.-* which was presented to Mr. BEEBY a few days ago, coming forward to express their surprise at our remarks, and charitably surmising that we wrote " under a misapprehension of the cir " cumatances." So far as the gentle- men "in no way connected with any " (coal) company in existence" are con- cerned, we are perfectly ready to accopt their assurances, made in all good faith. Wo are bound to believe, on their authority, that they "felt they were " only doing a public duty in bringing '.' the subject beforo tho Government " and the country j" that " they have " acted on public grounds," and that, rather than any companies " should pre " judice the question," they would prefer seeing them out of the way. Such public' spirit and thorough disinterestedness is as highly commendabl- as it is rat We may remark in passing, that thoi who have not the same sense of ti memorialists' patriotism which we ontc taiD, might be apt to think it curioi that they should give tho 100,000,OC tons of imaginary coal such a prominoi place in their petition. However, li that pass. There will always be cavi lerB, and the righteous must bo conton in many instances, to let virtue be i own reward. We are prepared 1 believe, as we said before, thi the document in question waa gi up solely by bona fid& settlers i the Westorn Port district, and thi tho alleged facts it sets forth are ni more fictitious than we are accustome to find in papers of a similar descrij tion. But while those gentlemen aro £ sure of the singleness of their own pu pose, are they equally certain that tho have not been made catspaws of in a endeavour to draw the chesnuts out c the fire for other people, - in oth< words, that their action baa not bee instigated by some seeming innocon who has used them to further the end of bia employers? Next in order we find Mr. JOHN I JONES, manager of the Western Poi Company, coming forward in tli most generous manner to corroborât the tale of the memorialists already r< ferred to. This gentleman kindly ii forms us that " a memorial was yestei " day presented to the Chief Secretar " from the residents of the Western Poi " District, asking that tho company' " line may be taken over by th " Government ; but with this memoria " the company is in no way connected. Of course not. Would anyone ventur to dream of such a manifest imposai bility 1 But it would be interesting t know whether the same can be said o the individual shareholders. Perhap Mr. JONES can enlighten the public oi this point. There are a few other matter on which he might throw a little light a the same time. For instance, he migh tell us how it was that tho late Govern ment for a long time withstood all at tempts to have anything to do with thi company in question, or its tramway and what was the nature of tho influenci brought to bear to induce it so far ti rcconBidor its determination as to de spatch Messrs. COWAN and MARTIN OI a reporting expedition. He might thoi go on to explain why Mr. MAKTIN'Í report on the wreck called a tram way was not given to the publii as well as Mr. COWAN'S ac count uf his inspection of the coal field. Again, if his leisure served, he might condescend to inform the people who are expected to make the new railway, how it was that when tho tramway was in good order and the most satisfactory profits-10s. 9d. pet ton-were being realised, work came to a standstill. Finally, if he has time, he might tell us why, in the last prospec- tus issued, it was stated that the addi- tional capital it was proposed to raise was required for developing the resources of the mine, repairing the tramway, _c, when, in point of fact, his directors weli knew that of the £30,000 demanded ostensibly for these purposes, £13.000 was to be appropriated to the liquidation of old liabilities. When Mr. JONES has answered theso queries, wo shall bo happy to furnish him with a few more. The working manager says that in our leading article of the 27th inst., wo "imply" that tho Western Port Coal- mining Company ÍB endeavouring to induce tho Government to grant assist- ance towards helping it " to improve " the value of its shares." We think, however, that if he will read the article again, ho will seo that we did not " imply" the fact, but plainly stated it. Mr. JONES, however, begs to state on this point, " that tho company has had no " pecuniary aid of any description from " the Government, neither has it at any " time asked for such aid. The Govern " ment has given the loan of a few tons of " old rails, which still continuo the pro " perty of tho Government. Other than " this no assistance has been asked " or received." But who said it had . Any one would think that Mr. JONES was a member of Parliament by the udicrously transparent way in which he endeavours to divert attention from the point at issue. What we said was, that the company was endeavouring to get the Government to take over a rotten tramway-granting compensation, we supposed, for the surrender-and then to make a good railwayat thepublic expense toa mine which proved to be unprofitable even when there was easy communica- tion with the shipping port. Does Mr. JONES mean to say that if the Ministry and Parliament sanctioned such a gross misappropriation of the public funds it would not have the effect of improving the value of the company's shares, and of rendering tho attempt now or re- cently being made to induce the public to pay off the liabilities resting on the present shareholders much moro promising 1 Mr. JONES should stick to coal- mining, for he ia but a sorry sophist. This gentleman kindly informs us that should the pro- posal {to make a railway) bo enter- tained, his company would have " to " pay for the carriage of its coal at the " same rate as anyono else using the " line." Indeed ! Well, we aro glad to hear that it does not expect to have its goods carried gratis. But we must not congratulate ourselves too soon. Perhaps this " right" is only kept in abeyance, not abandoned. Wo seo by the prospectus thay tb,o company hold3 tue only frontage to the se!, where the depth of water is sufficient for shipping purposes. We wonder how much per ton it would require for the use of its pier, or for the surrender of the property. If a railway is really necessary from Grif- fiths Point to Cape Patterson, and it can be shown that it ÍB likely to pay, let tho Government construct a line alto -thcr independent of this company or that vr *ts lapidated pr°Pett_*- But our'prcsW °Pinjon ÍB that such a pro ceduîe, in «M ^co °,f/" the adfvefr,S8 a . .* "flv.,^ be one of the reports receive.,,- wOto. ^^ grossest jobs on rtc1010- »»*._ . .,!_, the people be taxed to meet the bin. of injudicious or unfortu-1**6 specu- lators ? _ Although the spirits that inspire! furniture and whisper messages havo been particularly quiet in Victorian spheres since tho doparture of PEEBLES and FOSTER, they appear to be as lively na ever in America. Those who imagino that gullibility and bunkum are dying out because a smart servant girl success- fully played some most unspiritual pranks with the senses and thejudg ment of the veteran R. D. OWEN, may be reassured. The vitality of humbug is perennial.t The fame of a conqueror -the immorality of a poot-ia nothing to it. Even the saints of the canoa have a less secure tenure of popular reverence and worship than the hys- terical divinities of spiritualism, and their legends must step down before the gospel of the Rochester rappinga. Tho, San Francisco Chronicle informs if that the twenty-seventh anniversary \ the origin of spirituaÜBm waa cele brated in that city during the first week in April by a remarkable gathering in Dashaway-hall. After reading the report of the utterances in- spired by the spirits in the Weat, wo tako leave lo doubt whether tho enter- tainment in question could be matched out of Bedlam. We have no doubt at all that there are intelligent spiritualists existing in America and elsewhere who believe that in calling " spirits from tho " vasty deep," they are on the track of truth, and who repudiate the rhapsodies in which the crazed members of the craft indulge. And we would as soon think of holding a liberal religious thinker re- sponsible for the excesses of creed-bound fanatics, or confuso a quiet, hoiiPit Christian with therevivalist who tradeson human fear,and the hypocrite who trader on human trust,as call men like CHOOKIE and WALLACE to account for the transits of Mrs. Gupry, the hoax of tho HOLMESES at Philadelphia, and tho inspired ravings of Miss EMMV HARDINGE. According to very high authority, tho way to the exaltation of human naturo lies through the low vale of humiliation. But it is, to say the least, open to question whether the humiliation which every sensible man must feel on reading the oratorical gems of the maniacs at largo who addressed the meeting iu. Dashaway-hall, is likely in any way to conduce to the elevation of our man- hood. Certainly these retailers of fluent nonsense demonstrate the truth of the othor part of the proverb, that those who exalt themselves shall bo abased ; for nothing more degrading can be imagined than their tumbles from a divine eminence into the boU^'ideas pit of bathos. One gentleman, whose move- ments on the platform are described as being like those of "a converted African " in the first fresh dawn of his fervid " religious experience," announced in sepulchral tones that " spiritualists wero " standing on an apex." Another, who had previously contributed an unintel- ligible poem to the meeting, launched out under a new inspiration in prose, aud said that '" To bo or not to be was " ' the question.' It was just aawell to " consider tho future as the past. They " might as well retrospect a little about " the coming year." A rattle-pate named Mrs. Professor CHANEY deli- vered herself of a storm of rhetorical shrieks, which is thus epitomised : " Signs of the times ; brains; religious " freedom ; magnetic chain ; basic prin " ciple ; divine intuition of woman ; " corrupt press ; call me old and ugly ; " time is ripe ; triune GOD," ¿C. Another mad orator announced himsolf as " reaching out for the status of the " godhead," and added defiantly, " I " brace myself against the wall of in " finite truth, and call for contradic " tion." After further asserting that " there was an intelligence governing " the universe which has nothing to do " with the circumscribed circumference " of man," he got what he called for, a voice suggesting aloud, " You can't do " it." But the orator strode majestically on, and evolved the axiom from his labouring chest, that " pro " gress is from centre to circumference, " and experience leads from circuin " ferencc to centre." Thero can be no doubt in the mind of any candid spiritu- alist that this last aphorism was inspired by tho ghost of BACON, but we do not think that even the author of the Novum Organvm in his glorified state would bo equal to that other ono in which the "circumscribed circumference " of man " occurs. Probably that was a fragment from the speech of soma archangel caught by a ghostly reporter, and breathed triumphantly into the orator's ear. It was decidedly the gem of tho meetings. The only speech that disclosed any- thing so vulgar as common sense, waa one by a lady named SMITH, If the gods fight in vain against human stu- pidity, wo fear that any mundane Mrs. SMITH has a poor chanco ¡ but wo re- spect her none the less for her heroic attempt. Her speech crashed in like a refreshing diacord among the monoto- nous harmonies of moon-struck mediums and poets; and we read that there was silenco thereafter in Dashaway-hall for fully ten seconds. We give the speech in full, and commend it to all Victorian spiritualists whom it may concern : "While I am in full sympathy with your effortB in the great cauBe of liberalism, I have no patience with the conatant quibbling and fuss that goes on hero perpetually about trifles. Because one is a spiritualist, that is no reason why ono should bid good-bye to common sense. No wonder tho newspapers laugh at us. They have a right to, and I hope they won't stop until we cease quarrel ling nnd screaming at one another like a lot of lunatics every time wo meot." The contest about the Eastorn-market is by no means sottlcd yot. Tho Market Committee will recommend to-day that the sum to be expended on the buildings bo limited to £70,000, and that it bo authorised to call for competitivo désigna in accordance with two sots of condition On the other hand, Councillor EICHAUI) SON intends to movo that a tall of tho council bo mado for next meeting, for tho mirpoBO of rescinding the resolution ar- rived at last week, " relative to com; "potitivo plans being again lnyiteu. Probably the battle will rngo fiercely over these clashing proposals. But a notice 01 motion has been givon which, mnocont as it looks, may cause a great many to altei thoir views. Councillor STORY apparently thinks that there is a more certain way of effecting the purposo of tho majority than by calling for fresh designs, ovon though all the members of the society or architects except one have pledged them selves not to compete. He intends to move " that it ia oxpediont that this council " should proeuro tho necessary arcnitec ," tural skill required for the preparation « """A T,.-,'ín- o«* of plans o/»wr*ciana and can, .*> ._onfoon buildings, by other public ern».- -hitect for tho " the retontion of fin a-.-. c a bar " purposo, in the same way that. » . " riafcr ia retained for legal and a mod cat " man for sanitary purposes ; and that " tho town clerk bo matruoted to invito "applications for tho appointment oí " city architect, upon receipt "wnarooi " this council Will1 proceed to- elect ono "from amongst the applicants, «o. Now, this dodge itt eve- moto trairont than the other. What Would bethe good of a number of gentlemen' applying whoa they all know perfectly well that th appointment har! been all but nominally ?given away i If this stylo of thing is ti go on, wo can only repeat our forme: advice-Do not let the council continui playing with and insulting the protea sion, but let it at once employ ita protege or in-tall him in the office which Couri .cUlpr STORY proposos to create. The QUEEN, with that dolicato consr .0 ¡^~- ration foi Bufferingwhichisbornof afilie ^ ""i.3» ^as cauao^ a telegram to bo aont te '-lion B senior naval officer on tho AustraliaE ,pg awation, expressing sympathy with Aira. «cti^GooDENOuôii in hor sadandheart-ronding '°. bereavoment. Tho SOVEIIEIGN novor ap ') pears to greater advantago than in Buch acts of thoughtful kindnosB, or so truly ?deserves the common titlo of "Most 'GraciouB Mojesty" as when recog- nising tho-o tica of humanity which con- nect the throne with the humblest cot- tage in tho realm. Wo sincerely trust that Mrs. GOODENOUGH: may find some comfort from this expression of the Boyal pity. The QFEEN, no doubt, sent tho moasago in her character as a woman, hut tho mourner may rest assured that she also uttered tho universal sentimonts of the empire ovor which she presides. Wo can but think, however, that tlio sorrowing lady will derivo moro conso- lation from tho story of !ier husband's death than from any moro condoloncos, no mattor how sincoro they may be, 'The account of this Bad ovont, takon from the Sydney Morning Herald, which wo published in our issuo of Saturday, must appeal forcibly to all hearts. Treicherously wounded whilo on a juifl»,ion of mercy, his first thought is to save the lives of thoso who maltreated him, even whilo ordoring tho matorial punishment which his duty compelled lim to inflict. And then whon ho lay in his cabin suffering all tho slow tor- tures which attend that fatal tetanic disease which is so prevalent in Soiithorn latitudes, not a murmur escapod his lips. "Ho apologised," wo read, to his officors "for giving them so much trouble in " watching bosido his bed," and was carriod to tho ciuarter-deck at his own re- quest, to say a fow wordB of kindly fare- well to hia shipmates. Ho thus exhibited in his extremity that thoughtfulnos3 for others which is inseparable from true nobility of character. Wo cannot doubt but that this record of how this Christian gontleman boldly, yet modestly, mot tho common foe of our race, and the "fond "messages," uttered in "a calm, clear *' voice," which his officers wero charged to doliver to those most dear to him upon earth, will provo a greater solace to the relatives ho lovod than Royal messages or public homage to his memory. But, still- wo trust that when the first burs, of griof ia over it may prove Borne consolation to his wife and children to think that they have the sympathies of the entire nation, and that all ranks and «lasses of his countrymen aro pioud of tho gallant gentleman who has gono to his rest. ___________________ The Melbourne Exhibition will bo openec at noon on Thursday, September 2, by Hil Excellency Sir William Foator Stawell, upor ?which occasion none but seaaon-tickel holders and persons invited will bo admitted The Exhibition will be opened to the public on Thursday evening. The hours and ratet of admission will be found in our advertising -columns. With a view to tho publication of tho moal complete information regarding the ex. hibits, the reporters of this journal will attend tho Exhibition to-day at 11 o'clock, and also at 2 o'clock, when an op portunity will bo afforded to exhibitors ol describing their wares. Should exhibitors fail to communicate verbally all tho informa- tion that may bo necessary, they aro invited to send to this office without delay, written descriptions of their exhibits. The steamship Whampoa completed her second trip from London viiî Plymouth, to this port, on Saturday, and accomplished the passage in -IG days, a marked improve- ment on hor Grut voyage. She brings about 320 saloon and 'tween-deck passengers for Melbourne and Sidney, and a full general ?cargo for each place. Amongst the passengers for Sydney aro Lieutenant-Colonel Pratt, commanding Oth Company of Royal En gineers; Captain Stewart, R.E.; Lieutenant Lake, R.E.; and C2 non-commissioned ?officers and men of the Royal Engineers, .who have been dotachod for service in Fiji. There are also on board the Whampoa, for Sydnoy, Sublieutenant Rees _nd Mr. Rockott, R.N., and 22 naval seamen, who have come out to join ships in the Australian squadron. The Whampoa -was under Bteam throughout the passage, ?with tho exception of 23 minutes stoppage for screwing up, and she had to contend at times against adverse weather, especially be- tween tho Capo of Good Hope and St. Paul's. The engines, however, worked admirably. A large number of visitors proceeded to Sand- ridge rail waypieron Saturday and yesterday to _ave au inspection of the ocean steamer, tut Captain Hynes, thinking that his naval and military passengers and shore-going civilians might fraternise too freely, to the detriment of discipline, moored his vessel in the bay. The voyage is said to have been very pleasant, and a testimonial to this effect was accorded by tho Melbourno portion of tho passengors to Captain Hynes prior to arrival. By the Whampoa wo have ules of English papers to date 12th ult. The Torres Straits mail steamer Somerset, .which arrived in the Bay on Saturday morn- ing, is from Foo-chow, with 5,300 packages of tea for this port. Sho has also brought round from Sydnoy the Hong Kong and Singapore «argo for Melbourne, transhipped from the s.s. Bowen. Amongst her colonial passen- gers were five sisters of the order of St Joseph, from Brisbane and Sydney. The Somerset leaves again to-morrow for .Sydney. Tho chief harbour master, Captain C. B. Payne and Mr. Steele, of the Public Works department, returned from their mission to King's Island yesterday in the Government .steamer Pharos. A site for the new light- house has boen fixed on, on tho west side of durrie Harbour, but tho details concerning it are to be embodied in a report which will he forwarded to the Government. A dtjeuner was given in tho Athenicum on Saturday to tho Right Rev. Dr. Thornton, the newly.arrived bishop of Ballarat The "vicar-general occupied the chair, and there ?were about 100 ladies and gentlemen pre- sent, The Rev. Chas. Strong, tho new minister of the Scots' Church, preached there yester- day morning and evening to full congre «riions. Au abstract of one of his sermons deavc->rs elsewhere The uBual call of the je pren,aj¡on _¡JJ ^ adopted at a meeting, to vi_ij, on Tuesday evening, and the indue, tion of the rev. gentleman will take place -bout the end of September. Tho matriculation examination begins to- day, at 0 a.m., at the University. The sub- jects to-day are :-Euclid, Latin, and Eng- lish. There aro only 80 candidates. Ameetingwlll be held thisafternoonof those ?favourable to the formation of an Australian 'Health Society. Considerable interest has teen shown in the project, and a large num. tor of ladies and gentlemen have signified their wish to support the movement. The meeting will take placo in one of the rooms ni the Town-hall, at half-post 4 o'clock. -A meeting of the Friendly Societies' Com .mission was held at the Town.hall on Fri day, the following members being present '. 'Messrs. Langridge (in the chair), Crews, 'Whiteman, and Dixon, M.L,A.'s, ind Messrs. Murray Ross, Zox, and Templeton. Evidence was taken from Mr. W. Crooke, Mr. T. Sorrell, and Mr. M. Cashmore, president of the .Jewish Mutual Aid Society. The commission ' resolved to hold a sitting at Geelong, on Fri- day, the 10th prox., for the purpose of ex- amining witnesses who reside there. .Ah Oaa, the Chinaman who was BB-teuced to death for murder, will be executed thi morning at 10 o'clock, in the Melbourne Gaol Ah Gai, though he, does not profesa Chris tianity, was visited'by Christian Chinamen The only wish lie expressed waa to see c countryman namod Louy Moy, who accord ¡ugly visited him. The condemned mar seemed quite resigned, and, according te his own statement, anxious to die. The acting Government astronomer re porta :-" The weather during tho firat half ol last week was generally dull and boiat«rous aud cold, with occasional rainsqnalla on tho 23rd. 24th, and 25th, but towards the latter part became Gne and pleasant, and very mild' The highest tomperaturo in the shade, GS.Odeg., was recorded on tho afternoon of the 28th ; the lowest, 39.1deg., on tho early morn- ing of the 23rd. The highest reading of the barometer, 30.281in., occurred on the morn- ing of the 27th, with a light north-easterly breeze; the loweBt, 2_.712ln., on the even- ing of tho 22nd, with a strong north wind and squalls ; hail fell for a short time on the afternoon of the 23rd. Rain fell to the amount of 0'3CHn., making the total rainfall Bince the beginning of tho y«ar ' J 77in., aa compared with 18T7in. during the same period in 1874, lS'08in. ¡n 1873, 20'08in. in 1872, 17'02im in 1871,19'C2in. in 1870, U'81in. inl8G9,1071in. in 1868, 14'82'm. in 18G7, 12'07in. in 18GG, 10'79in. in 186., 1C09ÍD, in 1861,18'lGin, in 1863,17'55in. in 1862, 16'83in. in 1861,13'23in. in 1860,13'86in. in 1859, and 12'OOin. in 1853. or an average of lß'ßlin." A meeting of the council of the Victorian Rifle Association waa held at tho Port Phillip Clnb Hotel, on Thursday evening. There were present-Major Irving (in the chair). Major Trytho.ll, Captains lllannin and Gano ; Lieutenant« Davis and Christopherson ; Messrs. T. Draper, G. Draper, and A. Hos- king. The finance committee brought up their report, and it waa resolved that the sum of £900 be given away in cash prizes at the next annual meeting. Sundry accounts to the amount of £.6 7s. 6d. wero passed for pay. ment. The final arrangement for the dis- tribution of targets to tho various corps for the remaining four months, includ- ing the four now ones that have been erected lately, was left to tho programme committee, and will be issued early this week. Two protest, were read from competitors with Martini-Henry rifles from the first day, and it was decided that there could be no appeal from the diac. The following rules were ordered to be printed and adhered to during the Martini-Henry practice :-1. Not moro than three membora of any one corps be allowed to shoot in a squad except the last Bquad. 2. That no competitor be allowed to load until he tak«s his place on the mound. 3\. That the whole number of rounds shall be fired at once. .. All members of squads shall remain at the mound until the squad ÍB finished. 5. In the event of any com- petitor being compelled to cease firing from half-mast or any other canso, ho shall, before leaving the mound, take out tho cartridge and leave the breech open. The secretary was instructed to make arrangements for collecting subscriptions and donations in kind, alao to writo to the Royal Volanteor CommiBsion, asking when it would be con- venient for them to receive the members of council appointed to give evidence re the re- servation of tho Emerald-hail rifle ranges. It would appear that the recent decision of the Privy Council in the cases Btteraliank v. The Queen, and Winter v. Tlie Queen, will have the effect of causing other persona similarly Bituated to the appellant--but who had not appealed to the Privy Council-to take advantage of the reversal of tho Supremo Court'B decision as to the payment of penalties be foro obtaining their loases. On Saturday last, an application was made to the Minister of Landa by Messrs. Taylor and Buckland, solicitors, to bo allowed to peruse all the papera lodged at the Lands office in the matter of Austin Mack-a "penalty case" somewhat similar to that of Ettershank, Mr. Longmore replied that under tho cir- cumstances, and in view of tho general sur- roundings of the case, the request could not be complied will'. An action wac triod in tho Supremo Court on Saturday, in which C. li. Carlsen, the proprietor of tho Excelsior Hotel, Bourke street, was sued by John Popham, a boot- maker, for damaRes for allowing a door leading to a cellar to be unprotected. Pop- ham, while walking from one part of the hotel to another, opened the cellar door by mis- take, and the roault was that ho fell into the cellar and got his arm broken. The defendant asserted that it was the plaintift'a own fault the accident had occurred, and even if it were not BO, yet that the plaintiff had accepted £10 10a. in full satisfaction of any injury he had sustained. Tho jury gavo a verdict for defendant. The return coursing match to Mr. Win. M'Culloch was held on Saturday on tho estate of Mr. J. Robertson, Upper Keilor. The match waa for a silver cup pre- sented by Mr. J. Whittingham, for which 16 dogs competed. Unfortunately, owing to tho wildness of the game, tho card was not run through ; the final trial between LasBie and Lightfoot has yet to como off. The trial will be run at the private coursing party to bo given by Mr. II. Beattie, in his celebrated paddocks, on Tuesday next On this occasion Mr. F. Gardiner will act as judge, and Mr. R, Banner as slipper. The anniversary service in connexion with the mission work of tho Young Men's Christian Association was hold at the Opera house last night. Admission was by ticket, and all parts of the theatre wore donsely crowded, oven the stage being utilised as a gallery for the accommodation of visitors Tho Rev. Mr. Laurence presided, and opened tho service with prayer. Addresses wore delivered by the chairman, the Rev. J. G. Millard, Mr. W. C. Johnson, of Dunedin, Mr. W. G. Marsh (hon. sec) and other gentlemen. A collection waa made at the close of the service to clear off tho debt owed by tho society. A con- siderable sum was realised Moe Shing, the Chinaman who waa ar- rested on Friday on a charge of uttering a forged bank note, was brought up at the City Police Court on Saturday, Detective Brown stated the facts of the case, which have already been published, and asked for a re- j mand till Friday, which waa granted. Tho prisoner was admitted to bail in a surety of £100. Joseph Goldatend, who was arrested the same day on a charge of larceny as a bailee, was also remanded till Tuesday. We aro requested to state that the forged £5 note of tho Bank of New South Wales which a Chinaman endeavoured to pass on Friday bears the name of " Albury " as the place of issue. The forgery ÍB an old one, and it ia not believed that many of the notes are in existence. The forger was appre- hended some years ago and convicted, and since then the forged notes have occasionally been put into circulation, but never in great numbers. The forgery, though likely to deceive tho unwary, would instantly be detected by any ono much accustomed to handle bank notes. A cabman named M'Donald had to pay rather dearly at the Emerald-hill Police Court on Saturday, for a practical joke he played on aomo of his fellow- cabbies. He made a waver that in a given time he would induce a number of cabmen to rendezvous in front of an undertaker's. Ile did so by giving out that a largo funeral was to take place, and that consequently several cabs would be wanted. Eight cabmen assembled at the time fixed upon, and they waited there for nearly an hour before they discovered that they had been hoaxed. One of them waa BO disgusted at losing his tims for nothing that he sued M'Donald for Ss., the price of an hour's cab hire. The magistrates awardod him the amount olaimed, together with 10a. Cd. for his expenses in attending the court, 10a. Gd. for a witness he had subpeonaed, and 4B. costs, making a total of 28s. A meeting was heldin theMeohanics'-hall, Brunswick, on Friday evening, of the mem- bers of the Brunswick, Coburg, and Campi bellfield Railway League. The league ají-' peared to.be by no means unanimous as t the route of the proposed Une, as a vet strong opinion was expressed by the mc jority that the line, to be a financial suoceei must dovetail at some point on to the Nortl Eastern line ; and with the view of aecurin unanimity, that point was deferred, and ; a sub- committee appointed to make careful inspection, and report to the nex meeting. A statistical committee wa also formed, with instructions to get th traffic taken at certain junctions of atweti in the several districts. The committee was likewise requested to obtain other necessary data, the whole to be reduced to a handy form for use at the next meeting. On Saturday afternoon the yacht Sacret came into collision with the steamer Gem in Hobson's Bay, but beyond breaking the yacht's jibboom and spoiling a couple of feet of the steamer's bulwarks no serious damage resulted. The Gem was approaching the Williamstown pier, and the yacht had just left her moorings for a cruise when the mis- hap occurred. The police at Footscray found the body ol a man floating in the Yarra, near the Sugar works, on Saturday morning. The followinj is a description of the body :-Apparentlj about 35 years of age, Cft. 7in. high, fail hair, Bandy moustache and goatee, shaved on cheekB, dressed in black cloth coat, ligUI tweod vest and trousors, noarly new. In the pockets were found a chamois leather purse containing 10s. 3d., a pocketbook containinf a reference from O'Hara, baker, Fitzroy, and a certificate from tho Labour Bureau, in the ñamo of William Dipping. Tho remains await identification and an inquest A lad named William Hall, aged 11, living at Prahran, was found on Friday evening at about G o'clock, lying in a state of insensi. bility in tho Albort- park. He was taken to the Alfred Hospital, where it was found that he was Buffering from concussion of the brain, having, it was supposed, fallen from a tree. He was still insensible on Satur- day. At about 20 minutes after 10 o'clock last night a uro broke out in Ross- street, North Sandridge, in the wooden premises used as a grocer's Bhop and dwelling by Mr. S. Wil- liams, the owner and occupier. Tho build ing and stock were totally consumed. The fire also communicated to the adjoining premises, a shop with two rooms, which was de- stroyed. There was in addition somo slight damage done to a small two-roomed wooden dwelling. The Sandridge, Mel- bourne, and Emerald-hill fire brigades were soon in attendance, but in consequence of the very slight pressuro of water from the small Yan Yean pipes, the brigades had great difficulty ¡n preventing the fire from spread- ing. How tho fire originated is not known, it was first discovered by Constables Halpin and Fraser, who effected an entrance into Williams, shop from the back. The fire was then burning in the shop. They managed to save some few articles of furnituro, but the llames spreading so rapidly, they bad to beat a hasty retreat The occupant, Mr. Williams, appears to have left Sandridge at about 3 o'clock in the afternoon to go to town, and up to half-past 11 had not returned. It is not known whether the damage is covered by insur. ance. The Australian Natives' Association held a goneral mooting on Wednesday evening last at Hockin'B rooms, Elizabeth-street, which was very numerously attended, and the president, Mr. R. Barry, occupied the chair. Some business of a routine character having been disposed of, tho president re- ported that, accompanied by the secretary, he had attended at Geelong on Monday even- ing, the 16th inst, and duly opened a branch of the association in that town, and had also msuiilod tho officers elected in tbeirrespoctive offices, and he felt confident that the branch would be a very successful one. Messrs. J. Mahony, F. Needham, L. Hailes, C. Carrick, J. Cronin, and M. O'Leary were duly elected and introduced as members of the association, and several gentlemen were nominated for election at the next meeting. A committee was formed to take the neces- sary steps to form a cricket club in connexion with the association, and the hour being late tho meeting cloBed, several important matters having been postponed until next meeting for consideration. The weekly meeting of the Immigrants' Aid Society was held on Friday, at the Home. Present-Messrs. Sayco, Woolley, Prince, Beauchamp, Dickson, and Oliphant. The superintendent reported the state of the house to be :-Number remaining last week, 480 ; admissions since, 310 ; dis- charges, 305 ; remaining 297 men, 107 women, and 87 children-in all, 491. There were 123 mon, 28 women, and 10 children sick ; l63 men oakum-picking, "c, and 11 working outside ; 10 women in the laundry, OG hair-teasing, and 3 working out. Bide. Out door relief was given to 9 fami- lies, or 47 individuals, on presenting the relief-cards of the society. A meeting was held on Friday evening at the Shire-hall, Moorabbin, to take steps to support the Mornington Railway League. The chair was occupied by Mr. Ward, presi- dent of the shire. Mr. Bent, M.L.A., and the members of the council were also present. The first resolution was moved by Councillor Clayton-"That this meeting cordially agrees to co-operate with the Mornington Railway League in obtaining railway extension to Mornington." He advocated a line connected with the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay Rail- way at Elsternwick, thence through East Brighton and Cheltenham to Mordialloc. He estimated it to cost £4,000 per mile, or £150,000. The resolution was seconded by Mr. Exley, and carried. Mr. Bent strongly supported the movement. Ho considered this district had been greatly neglected in this respect. Mordialloc was a place scarcely known by many people. He considered a person at Mount Macedon nearer to Melbourne than if living at East Brighton. He advocated the purchase of the Melbourne and Hobson's Bay line, and adverted to the value of the Flin- ders- street frontages. He also stated he had obtained a promise from Mr. Gillies that he would have a trial survey made, and he had no doubt his successor would fulfil it. He concluded by stating he would give the line all the support in his power. Messrs. Bent, Ward, and Box for East Brighton ; and Messrs. R. Keys, Clay- ton, and Exley for South Brighton, were ap- pointed delegates to the conference. Mr. John Keys was appointed secretary and trea- surer, and the proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman. The Victorian Chemists' Assistants' Asso- ciation held the usual monthly moeting at the association's rooms on Thursday evening laBt; the president in the chair. A letter from the Hull Chemists' Association, conveying fraternal greetings and good wishes, was received. A resolution admitting chemists' commercial travellers as country members was carried. It was decided, after considerable discussion.thatthreesocial meet- ings and the usual annual ball be substituted or the four social meetings and ono ball yearly, as hitherto. The nomination of officers of committee for the enBuing year took place, there being three candidates for president, four for vice-president, and 17 for committee. Mr. E. G. O won was elected honorary treasurer, and Mr. IL T. Tompsitt was re-elected honorary secretary. Two auditors wore elected. Mr. Barker gave notice of motion that the hour of meeting be 9 o'clock instead of 10 o'clock, as at pre- sent. The meeting then closed. " The work of the Moama and Deniliquin Railway is progressing" the Riverine Herald reporta " very rapidly, The company have confined themselves as yet to forming and doing earthworks, with the vioyr of oom pletin« the work before the ground becomes hard, which it will do when the weather gets warmer. The forming has been done for a long way from Moama, and the men are pushing forward very fast ; There i-,an em. bonkment about Ave miles from Moama, nearly completed! which, it is said averages 3ft Oin. high for the whole d-ttiuce1. An im¡ .portant discovery waa made while ainki^ holes about two miles from Moama t the line. It was found that the groud contained a kind of gravel, which will t suitable for ballast. It was calculated thi the ballast would have to be carted froi Redbank, but this discovery alters ti caso. It is thought that thora is plenty c gravel to supply the line with ballast as ft as Redbank. This will be a very considerabl saving to the company, as, instead of havin to convey the ballast from Redbank to suppl this end of the line, they will be saved tht expense b; getting it a little over two mile from Moama. The company will begii driving piles on the Moama Bide for the erec tion of approaches to tho bridge in a foi days. The land is being cleared now ii preparation for the approaches. Tho cora pany's trucks will bo made at Moama, undo I the superintendence of competent men fron Melbourne, and we are informed the work sbopB for keeping the locomotives, carriages &c;, in repair, will be stationed at Moami also, which undoubtedly must tend to maki the little town ere long an importau place." The Border Post writes:-"The success which has attended the distillation of brandy on the Murray Valley Vineyard has induced the proprietor, Mr. J. T. Fallon, to turn his attention to the subject from a commercial point of view. There are, however, some difficulties and prejudices to be overcome before the local industry can compete suc- cesssfully with the produce of the foreign markets. The excise duty charged in New South Wales being equal to the customs duties on imported brandies, local compet- tion is rendered out of the question. It is, however, thought that the Ministry will during the reccss prepare for Parliament a bill on the same basis as the Excise Act of Victoria, which enjoins the payment of 6s. on home-distilled brandy as against 10s. per gallon on the imported article. Should, how- ever, the Parliament of New South Wales fail to encourage the local manufacturers in this direction, it will be a question for Mr. Fallon to consider the advisability of estab- lishing a branch of his business on the Vic- torian bank of the Murray. We opine that tho people of Victoria will not carry their protection craze so far as to levy customs duties on wines crossing the border for the purpose of distillation in that colony, as the spirits would be subject to excise charges. "The manufacture of sparkling wines, which was inaugurated in Albury on the 26th inst., proceeds favourably," the Border Post states. "Mr. Fallon informs us that the temperature of the weather is all that can be desired. It is expected that 800 dozen of champagne will be bottled at his cellars by the 15th of September proximo. Some of the wines in colour and flavour will bear a striking resemblance to the sparkling bur- gundies of France, but the greater portion will be champagne." "It was a noticeable feature of the pro- ceedings of the Kyneton local land board on Thursday," the Kyneton Guardian re. marks, "that whilst the applications for land were few, the summonses to show cause against forfeiture were numerous. In many of these latter cases .the selectors did not appear, and the board recommended the cancellation of the licences. This was also done in Borne cases where the selectors did appear." A well-dressed person about 32 years of age, giving his name as Sinclair at one place and Smith at another, has been victimising Borne tradesmen in Geelong during tho past week. He proceeded in a cab to German Town, where he obtained change of a cheque for £1 from Mr. Bonari, hotelkeeper, receiving nearly the whole ohange. He has also, it ia stated, victimised several publicans in town with cheques for similar amounts, which on presentation havo been found to bo valueless. His career waa put a stop to on Saturday by Sergeant Toohey, who provided him with quarters at the watchhonso, from whence ho will be taken before the Bench today to give an account of his vagaries. The Sydney Morning Herald "underetandg that, in reference to the unsatisfactory sup. plies of railway iron recently received in New South Wales, and to other matters wherein personal inquiries would be of advantage, it baa been determined that a member of the Government Bhonld visit England, and that the Colonial Treasurer will, as early as may be convenient, proceed to London accord- ingly." "Afull meeting of the Sydney Rowing Club, called for the purpose of considering the challenge from the Melbour j Rowing Club, took placo on August 21," the Sydney Morning Herald Btates, "at the Exchange Hotel. Mr. Q. Deloitte, tho captain of the club, took the chair, and after giving his opinion on the matter, he called upon the secretary to read the challenge. A good deal of discussion took place, and the following resolution, moved by Mr. P. J. Clarke, and seconded by Mr. Anderson, waa carried unanimously :-' That tho Melbourne Regatta Committee be informed that we declino to accept their challenge on the terms named ; but that wo shall be propared to row the Melbourne oarsmen for the Amateur Cham- pionship in four-oared outriggers (coxwains any weight), on the Lower Yarra, on an oarly date in 1876, to be mutually agreed upon hereafter, and to be contested for by amateurs who do not gain their living by manual labour.' " "A short timo provious to the lamented death of Captain Clinch," says the Hobart Town Mercury, " initiatory steps were taken to present bira with a testimonial on hia retirement from the sea. On the sad intelli- gence boing receivod, the only work done bad been tho appointment o£ a committee and the printing of subscription forma. The committee, however, felt that in respect to the deceased thoy should not let the matter drop. They Bet to work and collected a large Burn, to be disposed of as might be after, wards agrcod on. A meeting of the sub- scribers was held on August 25 to decide how the amount collected should be expended. A letter waa read from Mrs. Clinch express, ing a wish on behalf of herself and family that the money collected for the testimonial should bo expended in tho erection of a suit- able monumont to tho memory of her lato husband over his grave in the Queenborough Cemetery. It waa docided by thOBO present that the wish should be complied with, and a committee WBB appointed to carry out tho object. The committee appointed to carry out the wishes of Mrs. Clinch, regarding the erection of a monument over the remains of the late Captain Clinch, intend proceeding with tho work as early na poasible." Tho supposed drowning of a man and his wife ÍB roportod by tho Cornwall Chronicle of August 27 :-"A man named Levi Smith, in tho employ of Mr. Charlea Gaunt, Winder- mere, East Tamar, sent his wife to town on Saturday last with a cheque to procuro some necessaries. As ho had neglected to en dorse the cheque, she coald not get it cashed, and sent for him to come to town. They remained in town until Tuesday, when they left in the cutter Albion, trading to George Town, to return home. They anohored at night off Kosovoar's, and then Smith insisted upon having the boat of the cutter to get ashore at Windermere. Mr. Waterland gave the boat reluctantly, as Smith had boon drinking; but at last Smith and his wife left in the boat about 2 o'clock on Wednesday morning. Some 20 minutes after Mr. Waterland hearing cries in the direction of where the boat had gone, as- sisted by bia mate, Harrie, weighed anchor and took the cutter in the direction of where they heard the cries. They searched about for a long time, but could not see a trace of either Smith, his wife, or the boat," The Deniliquin Chronicle says :-"Our dis- trict ia going on gloriously. The immense acreage is going off to tho squatting lossoes. Week hy week tho immense area of the Riverino district is being handed over to Victorian capitalists at upset price at auotion. On all hands, every seleotor settling with his family is being reduced to strict limitations of the Supreme Court, while by the new act all aids are given by Mesara. Robortson and f Garrett to squatters The Gazelle is aa yel ' rich with confiscations and real settlers [ claims are made contingent on lawyers opinion in the interpretation of law assumed to bo mado for national settlement Malle de Mnrskas tenth concert takes place to mght in the Town hall. As the end of her visit approaches the selection she places before hor patrons increase in interest On Saturday night and before the largest audience of the season she gave the mad scene from Lucia di Lammermoor To night sho gives unothor mad scone but this time it is something unknown to the Melbourne audience being a selection from the operatic version of Hamlet by Ambroise Thomas in which Mdlle do Murska has produced a great effect wherever she has appeared OB Ophelia. In addition to this she will sing the cavatina Casta Diva by particular request and Gounod B Avo Maria with violin obligate accompaniment by Mr Truest King Stgnori Susini and Carmini Morley and Messrs Alfred Anderson and Iratt will also take part m the performance At the Theatre Royal on Saturday evening the attendance was considerable Robert Bon s elegant comedy Caste was repeated very successfully and the entertainment con eluded with the amusing comedy Check mate This evening the emotional drama The New Magdalen in which Miss Carey formerly made a great success as Mercy Mer rick will bo revived Mr Taircloughs Sacred Recitals it the Town hall last night were ogam attended by a very numerous and respectable audience Mr I airclough s readings-the part in which ho was most successful-consisted of the 45th chapter of Genesis the 19th and °0th el apters of Exodus the lGth chapter 'of Judges and the 22nd chapter of the Second Book of Samuel added to these were By the Waters of Babylon The Wild Gazelle on Judah s Hill Weep not for those by Babels Stream On Jordans Banks A\ oro my Bosom as Talse and The Destruction of Jerusalem as pieces of metrical construction and ltghtor interest Signor Rosnati sang three times during the evening and on each occasion with good effect His selections were Gloria Patn composed expressly for the singer by Signor Giammona Ave Maria byCherubini and David chantant devant Saul by Bordóse Mr John nui s organ ierformances were a great treat to lístente He commenced with the chorus Lift up your heads from The Messiah the air from The Messiah He was despised was played wit' admirable feeling and the selection from Costa s I li was also very interesting The magnificent Hallelujah Chorus from Beethoven s Mount of Olives was i layed last on the list and the execu- tion of it was so good that a large number of persons remained until the last chord of it was finished. This new and sensible style of Sunday evening entertainment seems to be settling itself into a regular working groove without any difficulty. The members of the Combermere Lodge of Freemasons, No. 752, E.C., announce that they will give their first social gathering in the Athenæum hall on the evening of Wednes- day next the 1st of September. The musical portion of the entertainment will be given solely by members of the lodge, assisted by Mrs. Howitz .The programme contains a choice and varied selection of vocal and instrumental music. The Temperance-hall, Russell-street, was crammed to the doors on Saturday evening at the People's Concert. The programme gave entire satisfaction to the large audience assembled. A complimentary benefit is to be given to Mr Frank Richardson, the con- ductor of these concerts on Monday even- ing next. The committee formed to collect subscrip- tions for the French Flood Relief Fund has largely added to its numbers. The sum col- lected now amounts to ovor £320. St Georges Hall will be occupied this evening by the Lynch family of bellringers who are announced to give a series of their agreeable performances. Mrs. Colclough gave an entertainment in the Apollo-hall last evening consisting of a lecture on "Sunday Recreation," two sacred recitals and some vocal and instrumental music. Mrs. Colclough maintained that the Lord's Day was appointed for rational re- creation, and that the Sabbath of the Mosaic law was in no way binding upon Christians. The musical selections, by two ladies and a gentleman, whose names did not appear in the programme, were of a pleasing character. The attendance was small. The Apollo hall was crowded in every part on Saturday night when the Californian Minstrels entered upon their third week with an entirely new programme which gave great satisfaction to the audience. We have received the following additional contributions to the Harman relief fund - John Cleeland £2 J H (Carlton) £2 Mrs Alfred Terry £1 We have received £o from the Rev Charles Clark and £1 Is from J H (Carlton) towards the relief of the suflereis by tho Garonne lloous in Trance W e havo recoived the following sums for Mrs Dillon Purcell whose distressed condi tion was mentioned in our lSBue of Saturday \- O £3 John Cleeland £1 Is T P Barnard £1 _ Junior 2s 6d Mrs M Capua has recently presented to the Bourke streot Synagoque a handsome and costly curtain to veil the ark which act of liberality the executive of the congregation desire most gratefully to acknowledge The Mayor of Melbourne has kindly per mitted the drawing of the Heidelberg Art Union to take place in the Town hall on the o"th October A spelling bee will be held to night at the Richmond Lecture hall Lennox streot when pnres to the value of £8 will be offered for corni otition The Rev W R Tletchor M A will ict as exammor and Judge Pohl man will preside and distribute the prices A meoting of the shareholders cf the County of Bourke Permanent Building and Investment Society was held at the Clarence Hotel Collins street on Thursday whon tho rules were finally adopted Cottell who has been committed for trial at Stawell on charges of misappropriation of funds was seorotary to the Loyal Pleasant Lodge and not to Stawell Lodge A meeting of the University Athletic Club will be held this evenint at 8 o clock at the Port Phillip Club Hotel to consider the position of tho club The Molbourno Debiting Society meets this evening at the Assembly hall to discuBS the question Should we rely ou a volunteer force o3 our only means of support ' Hie members of tho Cathedral Church of St TameB s, Molboume have elected as their representative in the Church Assembly about to be convened Mr William 1 redenck D Arcy Irvine Clifton house William streot The report of the Lying in Hospital and HoBpitalfor Diseases of Womon and Children for the week ending August 20 shows tho state of the house as follows -Patients m hospital 19th August 49, admitted during the week l8 discharged 10 died 0 ro mauiing in hospital 51 total number of out patients for the week 93 new cases 13 A novel and comraendablo innovation on the monotony of tho Btate school curriculum has just been vory successfully introduced at Mr Hadfields school on the Brighton road St Kilda A project for the establishment of a military band was recently mooted and so earnestly and enthusiastically taken up that on Thursday last 50 pupils fully equipped as a fife and drum band took thoir first lesson from Mr Boom bandmaster of the Southern lillies. The result of the first essay gave the assurance of success, the young bandsmen evincing the greatest earnestness and aptitude We have lately seen a well executed indian ink drawing by Mr J D Ryland of the in tenor of the Scots Churoh at the corner of Collins and Russell streets It has been prepared we believe for the purpose of being lithographed or photographed and it de serves particular mention for the correct ness of its perspective It is on view at Mr M Neil a the picture framo uiakor, Bourke street cast 