TERRIBLE CATASTROPHE A Terrible Accident happened the other day to a party of three aeronauts, MM. Tissandier, Croce-Spinelli, and Sivel, who had ascended in the balloon the 'Zenith,' from La Villette. It was a beautiful day, and crowd were watch ing the balloon, which being of a light colour, glanced in the sun like a ball of crystal. At noon the latitude seemed great; but few people could have sup posed it to be 8,000 metres or that the Zenith was rising at the extraordinary rate of 320 metres a minute. Such however, was the case, and before 1 o'clock two of the aeronauts, MM, Croce Spinelli and Sivel, had died of asphyxia, caused, it is supposed, by the rarefaction of the atmosphere. The third, M. Tissandier, was in a very precarious state, but when the balloon fell at Ciron, he was able to send the following tele gram to his brother ;—' Blanc, near Ciron. We had passed an elevation of 8,000 metres at 1 o'clock, and then we fell into a state of complete stupefaction. Sun very hot I aroused myself for a moment, and then I saw that the balloon was descending and that Croce was throwing out the aspirateur. Then I fainted again. At 3 o'clock opened my eyes at a height of 6,000 metres; Sivel and Croce were black in the face. Their mouths were full of blood. They were dead. The descent occurred at 4 o'clock at Ciron (Indre). I suppose that at the second ascent we must have reached considerable height.- "Gaston Tissandier." The aspirateur was an instrument weigh ing nearly 80 lbs., which. M. Tissandier had taken with him for making obser vations with carbonic acid. It is sup- posed that M, Croce-Spinelli wished to throw out ballast, and in the confused state of his senses threw out the aspira- teur instead. M. Gaston Tissanndier, the survivor of that horrible catastrophe, has written a detailed account of the occur rence, from which it appears that he was insensible for about two hours. He recovered consciousness for a short time, and was able to make an entry in his register, but had scarcely done so when he again fainted In about an hour, he opened his eyes and gradually recovered his senses. The balloon then was decending with frightful rapidity. He crawled on his knees to his two com panions, and called out their names, but they made no sign. He tried to raise them but in vain — they were already dead. Soon afterwards the balloon neared the earth. M. Tissandier suc ceeded in throwing out the anchor just at the right time; but the shock on touching the ground was terrible. The balloon was hurried along by the wind and it seemed as though the dead bodies would be jerked out of the car; Ulti mately M. Tissandier got out, but in an exhausted state. He is now reported to have entirely recovered, but to be in great grief 'at the death of his unfortunate companions. M. Croce-Spinelli was an engineer, aged 30; M. Sivel, a naval officer, and a few years older. Both the deceased aeronauts had made successful ascents before, as well as M. Tissandier, who was formerly editor of the scientific journal Nature. The Aeronautical Society of Paris has opened a subscription for the benefit of the families of the deceased. M, Sivel has left a widow and a little girl, both entirely dependent on him. M. Spinelli was not married, but he was the sole support of his parents. The scientific world will, doubtless, respond liberally to this appeal, for MM. Spinelli and Sivell lost their lives, not in gratifying foolhardy curiosity, but in endeavouring to penetrate the secrets of the atmosphere for the benefit of science. Poor Sivel seemed to have had a presentiment of his fate, for the last words he said as the '"Zenith" started were, "He of us three will be fortunate who returns." Less than five hours afterwards only one did return. Bolls. — Did an Irishman ever make a greater blunder than the English law-, yer who drew up an indictment in which it was charged that the prisoner at'ithe Bar killed a man with a certain wooden instrument called an iron pestle? i.Or than that Peter Harrison, a commentator on the Pentateuch,; who, in explaining abouj the tables of stone on: which Mdses wrote the commandments, said, 'they werei probably made of-Shittim wood'? Or than the English major who, when he was superintending the hanging of a rebel Irishman in 1798, and the rope broke, and the poor wretch fell to the ground, seized him by the throat, crying out, 'Yon rascal, if you do that again I'll kill, you as sure as you bceathe 'J j The Devil.— In an article on the Ghosts of Modern Spiritism the Sdtifxdai/ Seview makes the following amirting . references to currently believed transactions with the devil in past ages' : 'The devil of the 17th century belonged to a very inferior type. He appeared; as a hedgehog, as a black dog, as a man in black, nnd dealt in the smallest sums. Sixpence seems to have been the amount he usually gave his votaries on receiving what they con sidered to be their souls, anduponone occasion he only gave iid: at the con-j elusion of a bargain. Considering the improvement thut has been effected -in! the condition of the country gentlemen and the: agricultural laborer, it is not-too'l mnch top say that experiences of this nature cannot be contemplated by the most sanguine and most eager, as likely to occur again ; the sums which will change hands will have to be far larger, and' -villages in Somersetshire cannot hope to be similarly favoured when the rise of 'populous towns is to be taken into consideration. When the devil was constantly in the midst of ; the unin formed nnd the ignorant, there was nothing for him to do. There would be little difficulty in finding him employ ment at the , present time. Instead of cleaving the Eildon hills in three, or building ricketty bridges across country streams, he might be fitly employed in cleansing- our rivers, and if his endea vours were attended with success, no one would Egrudge him a local board or two or a corporation for his pains.' 