THB DEAO SBCRIIT. BOOK III. CHAPTER IV. THE NEW NURSE. BY WILEtG COLLINS. » • As tho clock struck seven Mr. Orridge put on his hat to go to the Tiger's licad. l£e had just opened tho door, when he was met on the step by a messenger, who summoned him immediately to a case of sudden illness in the poor quarter of tho town. Tlie inquiries he made satisfied Jiiin tliat the appeal was really of an urgent nature, and that there was no help for it but to delay his attendance for a little while at tlio inn. On reaching tho bedside of the patient, ho discovered symptoms in the caso which rendered an immediate operation necessary. The performance of this professional duty occupied some time. It was a quarter to eight before he left his house, for lie second time, on hid way to the Tiber's Head. On entering the inn door, he was informed that the new nurse had arrived as early as seven o'clock, and had boon waiting for him in a room by herself, ever since. Having received no orders from Mr. Orridge, the landlady had thought it safest not to introduce the stranger to Mrs. Frankland before tho doctor came. " Did she ask to go up into Mrs. Frankland's room V inquired Mr. Orridge. " Yes, sir," replied the laudlady. " And I thought sho seemed rather put out when I said that I must bog her to wait till you got here. Will you step this way, and see her at once, sir 1 She is in my parlour." Mr. Orridge followed the landlady into a little room at the back of the house, and found Mrs. Jazeph sitting alone in the corner farthest from the window. He was rather surprised to see that she drew her veil down the moment the door was opened, " I am sorry you should have been kept waiting," he said; " but I was called away to a patient Besides, I told you between seven and eight, if you remember; and it is not eight o'clock yet" " I was very anxious to bb in good time, sir," said Mis. Jazeph. There was an accent of restraint in the quiet tones in which she spoke which struck Mr. Orridge's ear, and a little perplexed him. She was, apparently, not only afraid that her face might betray something, but apprehensive also that her voice might toll him more than her words expressed. What feeling was she anxious to conceal? Was it irritation at liav- ing been kept waiting so long by herself in the landlady's room I " If you will follow me," said Mr. Orridge, " I will take you to Mrs. Frankland immediately." Mrs. Jazeph rose slowly, and, when she was on her feet, rested her hand for an instant on a table near her. That action, momentary as it was, helped to confirm the doctor in his conviction of lier physical unfitness for the position wluch she had volunteered to occupy. " You seem tired," he said, as lie led the way out of the door. " Surely, you did not walk all the way here?" " No, sir. My mistress was so land as to let one of the servants drive me in tlie ponychaise." There was the same restraint in her voice, as sho made that answer; and still she never attempted to lift her veil. While ascending the inn stairs Mr. Orridge mentally resolved to watch her first proceedings in Mrs. I'rankland's room closely, and to send, after all, for the London nurse, unless Mrs. Jazeph showed remarkable aptitude in theperfoinance of her new duties. The room which Mrs Frankland occupied was situated at the back of the house, having been chosen in that position, with the object of removing her as much as possible from tho bustle and noise about the inn door. It was lighted by one window overlooking a few cottages, beyond which spread the rich grazing grounds of West Somersetshire, bounded by a long monotonous line of thickly-wooded hills. The bed was of the old.fashioned kind, with the customary four posts and the inevitable damask curtains. It projected from tho Avail into the middle of the room in such a situation, as to keep the door on the right hand of tho person occupying it, tho window on the left, and the fire-place opposite tho foot of the bed. On the side of tho bed nearest the window, the curtains wore open, while at the foot, and on tho side near the door, they wero closely drawn. By this arrangement the interior of the bed was necessarily concealed from tho view of any person on first entering.tlie room. " How do you find yourself to- night, Mrs. Frankland 3" asked Mr. Orridge, reaching out his haiid to undraw the curtains. "Do you think you will be' any the worse for a little freer circulation of air 1" " Oa the contrary, doctor, I shall bo all the better," was the answer. « But lam afttid— in case you have over been disposed to consider mo a sensible woman—tliat my character will suffer a little in your estimation, when you see how I liavo been occupying myself for the last hour." Mr. Orridge smiled as he undrew tho curtains, and laughed outright when he looked at tho mother and child. Mrs- Fraukknd liad been amusing herself, and gratifying her taste for bright colours, by dressing out her baby with blue ribbons as he lay asleep. He had a necklace, shoulder-knots, and bracelets, all of blue ribbon: and to complete tho quaint finely of liis costume, his mother's smart little lace cap had been hitched comically on one side'of his head Rosamond herself, as if determined to vie with the baby in gaiety of dress, wore a light pink jacket, ornamented down the bosom and over tho sleeves with bows of white satin ribbon. Laburnum blossoms, gathered that morning, lay scattered about over the wliite counterpane, intermixed with some flowora of the Lily of the Valley, tied up into two nosegays with strips of cherry-coloured ribbon. Over this varied assemblage of colours, over the baby's smoothly-rounded cheeks and arms, over his mother's happy, youthful face, the tender light of the May evening poured tranquil and warm. Thoroughly appreciating the charm of the picture which he had disclosed on undrawing the cm-tains, the doctor stood looking at it for a few moments, quite forgetful of the errand tliat had brought lain into the room. He was only recalled to a remembrance of the new nurse by a chance question wliicli Mrs. Frankland addressed to him. " I can't help it, doctor," said Rosamond, with a look of apology. " I really can't help treating my baby, now I am a grown woman, just as I used to treat my doll when I was a little girl. Did anybody come into the room with you? Lenny, am you there? Have you done dinner, darling, and did you drink my health when you were left at dessert all by yourself?" " Mr. Frankland is still at dinner," said the doctor. " But I certainly brought some one into the room with me. Where, in the name of wonder, has she gone to ?—Mrs. Jazeph!" The housekeeper had slipped round to the part of the room between the foot of the bed and the fire-place, where she was hidden by the curtains that still remained drawn. When Mr. Orridge called to her, instead of joining him where he stood, opposite the window, she appeared at the other side of the bed, where the window was behind her. Her shadow stole darkly over the bright picture which the doctor had. been admiring. It stretched obliquely across the counterpane, and its dusky edges touched the figures of tho mother and child. " Gracious goodness I who are you I" exclaimed Rosamond. " A woman or a ghost ?" Sirs. Jazeph's veil was up at last. Although her face was necessarily in shadow in the position which she liad chosen to occupy, the doctor saw a change pass over it when Jlrs. Frankland spoke. The lips dropped and quivered a little; the marks of care and age, about the mouth, deepened; and the eyebrows contracted suddenly. The eyes Mr. Orridge could not see j they were cast down on the counterpane at the first word that Rosamond uttered. Judging by the light of his medical experience, the doctor concluded that she was sutferiug pain, and trying to suppress any outward manifestation of it. "An affection of the heart, most likely," he thought to himself. " She lias concealed it from her mistress, but she can't hide it from me." "Who are youi" repeated Rosamond. " And what in the world do you stand there for—between us and the sunlight ?" Mrs. Jazeph neither answered nor raised her eyes. She only moved back timidly to the farthest corner of the window. " Did you not get a message from me this afternoon?" asked the doctor, appealing to Mrs. Frankland. "To be sure I did," replied Rosamond. " A very kind, flattering message about a new nurse." " There she is," said Sir. Orridge, poiuting across the bed to Mrs. Jazeph. " You don't say so !" exclaimed Rosamond. " But of course it must be. Who else could have come in with you? I ought to have known that. Pray come here—(what is lier name, doctor? Joseph, did you say?—No?— Jazeph?)—pray come nearer, Mrs. Jazeph, and let me apologise for speaking so. abruptly to you. I am more obliged than I can say, for your kindness in coming here, and for your mistress's good-nature in resigning you to me. I hope I shall not give you much trouble, and I am sure you will find the baby easy to manage, lie is a perfect angel,, and sleeps like a dormouse. Dear uie l now l look at you a little closer, I am afraid you are in very delicate health, yourself. Doctor J if fJtfrs. Jazeph would not beoffoudod .with mo, I should almost feel inclined to say tiatj^j? .looks in want of Nursing, heiself;" .. : , ' ". i". , .. h •J.l } .1 Mis. Jiuseph bent down over the laburnum blossomB on the bed, and began hurriedly and confusedly to gather them together. "I thought as you do, Mis. Frankknd," said Mr. Orridge. " But I have been assured that Mrs. Jazepli's looks belie her, and that her capabilities, as a nurse, quite equal her steal" " Are you going to make all that laburnum into a nosegay?" asked Mrs. Frankknd, noticing how the new nurse was occupying herself. "How thoughtful of you! and howmagnificent it will be S I am afraid you will find the room very untidy. I will ring for my maid to set it to rights." " If you will allow inc to put it in order, ma'am, I shall be very glad to begin being of use to you in that way," said Mrs. Jazeph. When she made the offer she looked up; and her eyes and Mrs. Frankland's met. Rosamond instantly drew back on the pillow, and her colour altered a little. " How strangely you look at me!" she said Mrs. Jazeph started at the words, as if something had struck her, and moved away sud denly to the window. " You are not offended with me, I hope I said Rosamond, noticing the action. "I have a sad habit of saying anything that comes uppermost. And I really thought you looked just now as if you saw something about me that frightened or grieved you. Prav put the room in order, if you are kindly willing to undertake the trouble. And never mind what I say, you will soon get used to my ways— and we shall be as comfortable and friendly—" Just as Mrs. Frankland said the words, "comfortable" and "friendly," the new nurse left the window, and went back to the part of the room where she was hidden from view, between the fire-place and the closed curtains at the foot of the bed. Mr. Orridge looked to observe what Mrs. Jazeph was doing on the other side of the bed- curtains. "When he first caught sight of her, her hands were both raised to her face. Before he could decide whether he had surprised her in the act of clasping them over her eyes or not, they changed their position, and were occupied in removing her bonnet. After she had placed this part of her wearing apparel, and her shawl and gloves, on a cliair in a corner of the room, she went to the dressing-table, and began to arrange the various useful and ornamental objects scattered about it. She set them in order with remarkable dexterity and neatness, showing a taste for arrangement and a capacity for discriminating between things that were likely to be wanted and things that were not, which impressed Mr. Orridge very favourably. He particularly noticed the carefulness with wliich she handled some bottles of physic, reading the labels on each, and arranging the medicine that might be required at night on one side of the table, and the medicine that might be required in the daytime on the other. When slie left the dressing-table, and occupied herself in setting out the furniture straight, and in folding up arti cles of clothing that had beentlirownon oneside not the slightest movement of her thin wasted hands seemed ever to bo made at hazard or in vain. Noiselessly, modestly, observantly, she moved from side to side of the room, and'neatness and order followed her steps wherever she "went. When Mr. Orridge resumed his place at Mrs. Frankland's bedside, his mind was at ease on one point at least—it was perfectly evident that the new nurse could be depended on to make no mistakes. " What an odd woman she is!" wliispered Rosamond. "Odd indeed," returned Mr. Orridge, "and desperately broken in health, though she may not confess to it. However, she is wonderfully neat- handed and careful, and there can be no harm in trying her for one night—that is to say, unless you feel any objection." "On the contrary," said Rosamand, "she rather interests me. There is something in her face and manner—I can't say what—that makes me feel curious to know more of her. I must get her to talk, and try if I can't bring out all her peculiarities. Don't be afraid of my exciting myself, and don't stop here in this dull room on my account. I wouldmuch rather you went down-stairs, and kept my husband company over his wine. Do go and talk to him, and ainu6e him a little—he must be so dull, poor fellow, while 1 am up here; and he likes you, Mr. Orridge—he does, very much. Stop one moment, and just look at the baby again. He doesn't take a dangerous quantity of sleep, does he? And, Mr. Orridge, one word more: when you have done your wine you will promise to lend my husband the use of your eyes, and bring him upstairs to wish mo good-night, won't you 1" Willing engaging to pay-attention to Mrs. FVankland's request, Mr. Orridge left the bed eidfe.' . - ' 'As&e; opened the room door, he stopped to tell -Mm Jfizeph that he should be downstairs if ^ihe 'wanted liim, and that he would give her any instructions of which she might stand in need later in theevening, Mora he left the inn for the niglit. The new nurse, when he passed by lier, was kneeling over one of Mrs. Frankland's open trunks, arranging some articles of clothing which had boon rather carelessly folded up. * Just before he spoke to her, he observed that she had a chemisette in her in her hand the frill of which was laced through with ribbon. One end of this ribbon she appeared to him to be on the point of drawing out, when the sound of las footsteps disturl icd her. T1 ie moment she becauio aware of Ids approach, she dropped the chemisette suddenly in the trunk and covered it over with some haudkerduefs. Although this proceeding on Mrs. Jazepli's part rather surprised the doctor, ho abstained from showing tliat he had noticed it. Her mistress had vouched for her character, after five years' experience of it, and the bit of ribbon was intrinsically worthless. On both of those accounts, it was impossible to suspect her of attempting to steal it; and vet, as Mr. Orridge could not help feeling when he had left the room, her conduct, when he surprised her over the trunk, was exactly the conduct of .1 person who is about to commit a theft. " Pray don't trouble yourself about iny luggage," said Rosamond, remarking Mrs. Jazeph''s occupation as soon as the doctor had gone. " That is my idle maid's business, and you will only make her more careless than ever if you do it for her. 1 am sure the room is beautifully set ill order. Come hen; and sit down and rest yourself. You must be a very unselfish, kind-hearted woman to give yourself all this trouble to serve a stranger. The doctor's mesage this afternoon told me that your mistress was a friend of my poor, dear father's. I suppose she must lwve known lxim before my time. Any way, I feel doubly grateful to her for taking an interest in me for my father's sake. But you can have no such feeling; you must have come here from pure good-nature and anxiety to help others. Don't go away, there, to the window. Come and sit down bv Mrs. Jazeph had risen from the trunk, and was approaching the bedside—when she suddenly turned away in the direction of the fireplace, just as ifrs. Frankland began to spoak of her father. " Come and sit here," reiterated Rosamond, getting impatient at receiving no answer. " What in the world are you doing there at the foot of the bed!" The figure of the new nurse again interposed between the bed and the fading evening light that glimmered through the window, before there was any reply. "The evening is closing in," said Mrs. Jazeph, " and the window is not quite shut was thinking of making it fast, and o? drawing down the blinds—if you had no objection, ma'am f " 0, not yet! not yet! .Shut the window, if you please, in case the baby should catch cold, but don't draw down the blind. Let me get my peep at the view as long as there i6 any light left to see it by. That long flat stretch of grazing-grouud out there is just beginning, at this dim time, to look a little like my childish recollections of a Cornish moor. Do you know anything about Cornwall, Mrs. Jazeph?" I have heard" At these first three woids of reply the nurse stopped. She was just then engaged in shutting the window, and she seemed to find some difficulty in closing the lock. " What have you heard?" asked Rosamond. "I have heard that Cornwall is a wild, dreary country," said Mrs. Jazeph, still busying herself with the bck of the window, and, by consequence, still keeping her back turned to Mrs. Frankland. Can't you shut the window, yet?" said Rosamond. " My maid always does it quite easily. Leave it till she comes up, I am going to ring for her directly. I want her to brush iny hair and cool my face with a little eau de Cologne and water." " I liave shut it, uia'am," said Mrs. Jazeph, suddenly succeeding in closing the lock. " And if you will allow ine, I should be very glad to make you comfortable for the night, and save you the trouble of ringing for the maid," Thiulring the new nurse the oddest woman she had ever met with, Mrs. Frankland accepted the offer. By the time Mrs. Jazeph had prepared the eau de Cologne and water, the twilight was falling softly over the landscape outside, and the room waB beginning to grow dark. " Had you not better light a candle?" suggested Rosamond. "I.think not, ma'am," said Mrs. Jazeph, rather liastily. ,f I can see quite well without." ! She began to brush Mis. Frankland's hair as she spoke; and, at the same time, asked a question which referred to the few words that liad passed between them on the subject of Cornwall. Pleased to find that the new nurse had grown familiar enough at last to speak before she was spoken to, Rosamond desired nothing better than to talk about her recollections of her native county. But, from some inexplicable reason, Mrs. Joseph's touch, light and tender as it was, had such a strangely disconcerting cffect on her, that she could not succeed, for the moment, in collecting her thoughts so as to reply, cxcept in the briefest manner. The careful hands of the nurse lingered with a stealthy gentleness among the locks of her hair: the pale, wasted face of the new nurse approached, every now and then, more closely to her own than appeared at all needful. A vague sensation of uneasiness, which she could not trace to any particular part of her—which she could hardly say that she really felt, in a bodily sense, at all— seemed to be floating about her, to be hanging around and over her, like the air she breathed. She could not move, though she wanted to move iu the bed; she could not turn her head so as to humor the action of the brush; she could not look round : she could not break the embarrassing silence which had been caused by her own short, discouraging answer. At last the sense of opprcssion, whether fancied or real, irritated her into snatching the brush out of Mrs. Jazepli's hand. The insiaut she had done .so, she felt ashamed of the diseourteous abruptness of the action, and confused at the alarm and surprise which the manner of the nurse, exhibited. With the strongest sense of the absurdity of her own conduct, and yet without the least power of controlling herself, she burst out laughing, and tossed the brush away to the foot of the bed. " Pray don't look surprised, Mrs. Jazeph," she said, still laughing without knowing why, and without feeling in the slightest degree amused. " I'm .very rude and odd, I know. You liavc brushed my hail' delighfully ; but—; I can't tell how;—it seemed, all the time, as if you were brushing the strangest fancies into my head. I can't help laughing at them—I can't indeed ! Do you know, once or twice, I absolutelyfancied, when your face was closest to mine, tliat you wanted to kiss me ! Did you ever hear of anything so ridiculous ? ] declare I am more of a baby, iu some things, than the little darling here bv mv side 3" Mrs. Jazeph made no answer. She left the bed while Rosamond was speaking, and came back, after an unaccountably long delay, with the Eau de Cologne and water. As she held the basin while Mrs. Frankland bathed her face, she kept away at arm's length, aud came no nearer when it was time to offer the towel. Rosamond began to be all-aid that she had seriously offended Mrs. Jazeph, and tried to soothe and propitiate her by asking questions about the management oi the baby. There was a slight trembling in the sweet voice of the new nurse, but not the faintest tone of sullemiess or anger, as she simply and quietly answered the inquiries addressed to her. By dint of keeping the conversation still on the subject of the child, Mis. Frankland succeeded, little by little, in luring her back to the bedside—in tempting her to bend down admiringly over the infant—in emboldening her, at Last, to kiss him tenderly on the cheek. One kiss was all that she gave; and she turned away from the bed, after it, and sighed heavily. The sound of that sigh fell very sadly on Rosamond's heart. Up to this time,"the baby's little span of life had always been associated with smiling faces and pleasant -words. It made her uneasy to think that anyone could caress him and sigh after it "I am sure you must be fond of children," she said, hesitating a little from natural delicacy of feeling. " But, will you excuse me for noticing that it seeius rather a mournful fondness? Pray—pray don't answer my question if it gives you any pain—if you have any loss to deplore ; but—but I do so want to ask if you have ever had a child of your own ?" Mrs. Jazeph was standing near a chair when that question was put. She caught fast hold of the back of it, grasping it so firmly, or perhaps leaning on it so heavily, that the woodwork cracked. Her head drooped low on her bosom. She did not utter, or even attempt to utter, a single word. Fearing that she must have lost a child of lier own, and dreading to distress her unnecessarily by venturing to ask any more questions, Rosamond said nothing, as she stooped over the baby to kiss him in her turn. Her lips rested on his cheek a little above where Mrs. Jazepli's lips had rested the moment before, and they touched a spot of wet on his smooth warm skin. Fearing that some of the water in which she had been bathing her face might have dropped on him, she passed her fingers lightly over his head, neck, and bosom, and felt no other spots of wet anywhere. The one drop tliat had Allien on him was the drop tliat wetted the cheek which the now nurse had kissed. ; The twilight faded over the landscape, the room grew darker and darker; and still, though she was now sitting close to the table on which the caudles aud matches were placed, Mrs. Jazeplr made no attempt to strike a light, Rosamond didnot feel"quite comfortable a the idea of laying awake xa the darkness, with nobody in tho room but a person who was as yet almost a total stranger; and she resolved to Jiavc the caudles lighted lmmedi- ^ Mrs.' Jazeph," she said, looking towards the gathering obscurity outside the window, I " I shall be much obliged to you, if you will j light the candles, and put down the blind. ' I can tracc no more resemblances out there, now, to a Cornish prospect; the view has gone altogether." " Are you very fond of Cornwall, ma am I asked Mrs. Jazeph, rising, in rather a dilatory manner, to light the candles. ^ " Indeed I am," said Rosamond. " I was born there : and my husband and I were on our way to Cornwall, when we were obliged to stop, on my account, at this place. You are a long time getting the candles lit. Can't you find the match-box ?" Mrs. Jazeph, with an awkwardness which was rather surprising in a person who had shown so much ucal-handedness in setting the room to rights, broke the first match in attempting to light it, and let the second out the instant after the flame was kindled. At the third attempt she was more successful; but she only lit one caudle, and that one she carried away from the table which Mi's. Frankland could see, to the dressing-table, which was hidden from her by the curtains at the foot of the bed. " Why do you move the candle '<" asked Rosamond. " I thought it was best for your eyes, ma'am, not to have the light too near them," replied Mrs. Jazeph; and then added hastily, as if she was unwilling to give Mm Frankland time to make any objections, " And so you were going to Cornwall, ma'am, when you stopped at this place ? To travel about there a little, 1 suppose ?" After saying these words, she took up the second caudle, and passed out of sight, as she carried it to the dressing-table. Rosamond thought that the nurse, iu spite of her gentle looks and manners, was a remarkably obstinate woman. But she was too good-natured to care about asserting her right to have the caudles placed where she pleased ; and when she answered Mrs. Jazepli's question. she still spoke to her as cheerfully and familiarly as ever, " 0, dear no ! Not to travel about," she said, " but to go straight to the old country house where I was born. It belongs to my husband now, Mrs. Jazeph. I liave not been near it since I was a little girl of five years of ago. Such a ruinous, rambling old place! You, who talk of the dreariness and wildness of Cornwall, would be quite horrified at the very idea of living in Porthgenua Tower." The faintly rustling sound of Mrs. Jazeph's silk dress, as she moved about the dressingtable, had been audible all the wliile Rosamond was speaking. It ceased instantaneously when she said the words, "Porthgenna Tower;" and for one moment there was a dead silence in the room. " You, who have been living all your life, I suppose, in nicely-repaired houses, cannot imagine what a place it is that we are going to, when I am well enough to travel again," pursued Rosamond. " What do you think, Atrs. Jazeph, of a house with one whole side of it tliat has never been inhabited for sixty or seventy years past ? You may get some notion of the size of Porthgenna Tower from tliat. There, is a west side tliat wc are to live in when we get there, aud a north side, where the empty old rooms are, which 1 hope we shall be able to repair. Only think of the hosts of odd, old-fashioned things that we may find in those uninhabited rooms! I mean to put on the cook's apron aud the gardener's gloves, and rummage all over them from top to bottom. How I shall astonish the housekeeper, when I get to Porthgenna, and ask her for the keys of the ghostly north rooms ?" A low cry, and a sound as if something had struck against the dressing-table, followed Mrs frankland's last words. She started in the bed, and asked eagerly what was the matter. " is otlinig," answered Mrs. Jazeph, speaking so constrainedly meillv that t.lint, her llfil' voice if/iirtn dropped A 3 to J X whisper. "Nothing, ig, ma'am—nothing, - Ias- 1 sure you. I . i j-i , 1? l ' uck m y side > % accident, against the table—pray don't be alarmed <— it s not worth noticing." But you speak as if you were in „aiu," said Rosamond. 1 ' " No no, not in pain. Not hurt, not hurt indeed. ' i While Mp .Jazeph was declaring that she was not hurt, the door of the room was opened land * CntCrCd lea<Hug in Franlc- " We come early, Mrs. Frankland, but we are going to give yon plenty of time to compose yourself for the night," said Mr. Orridge ill paused, and noticed that Rosamond! colon? was heightened. "I am afraid yohLfSx talkmgand exciting youi^lfa little too much " t ^ o ^ h e S ^ I T t o ^ think the sooner good-night is said tho bettor Where is the nurse f" Mrs. Jazeph eat down with her back to tho lighted caudle when she heard herself asked for. Just More that, she - liad beeu looking at Mr. Fraukland with an eager, undisguised curiosity which, if anyone had noticed it, must . have appeared surprisingly out of character with her usual modesty aud refinement of wanner, " I aui afraid the nurse lias accidentally hurt her side more than slio is willing to confess/' said Eosamond to the doctor, pointing, with one hand, to tho place in which Mrs! Jazeph was sitting, and raising the other to her husband's neck as he stooped .over her pillow. Orridge, on inquiring what had happened, could not prevail on tho new nurse to acknowledge that the accident was of the slightest consequence. He suspected, nevertheless, that she was suffering, or, at least, that sometliing had liappened to discompose her; for he found the greatest difficulty in fixing her attention, while he gave her a few needful directions in case her services were inquired during the night. All the time he was speaking, her eyes wandered away from him to tho part of the room where Mr. and Mrs. Fraukland were talking together. Mrs. . Jazeph looked like the last person in the world who would be guilty of an act of impertinent curiosity; and yet she openly betrayed ail the characteristics of an inquisitive woman, while Mr. Frankland was standing by his wife's pillow. The doctor was obliged to assume his most peremptory manner, before he could get her to attend to him at all. "And now, Mrs, Frankland," said Mr. Orridge, turning away from the nurse, " as I have given Mis. Jazephiall the directions she wants, I shall set the example of leaving you in quiet, by saying good-night." Understanding the hint conveyed in these words, Mr. Frankland attempted to say goodnight, too, but his wife kept tight hold of both his hands, and declared that it was unreasonable to expert her to let him go for another half-hour at least. Mr. Orridge shook his head, and began to expatiate on the evils of over-excitement, and the blessings of composure and sleep. His remonstrances, however, would have produced very little effect, even if Eosamond had allowed him to continue them, but for the interposition of the baby, who happened to wake up at tliat moment, and who proved Jiimself a powerful auxiliary on the doctor's side, by absorbing all liis mother's attention immediately. Seizing his opportunity at the right moment, Mr, Orridge quietly led Mr. Frankland out of the room, just as Eosamond was taking tho child up in her arms. He stopped before closing the door to whisper one last word to Mrs. .Tazepli. "If Mrs. Frankland wants to talk, you must not encourage her," lie said. "As soon as she has quieted the baby, she ought to go to sleep. There is a chair-bedstead in that comer, which you can open for yourself when you want to lie down. Keep the candle where it is now, behind the curtain. The less light Mrs. Frankland sees, the sooner she will compose herself to sleep." Mrs. Jazeph made no answer; she only looked at the doctor and curtseyed. That strangely seared expression in her eyes, which he had noticed on first seeing her, was more painfully apparent tlian ever, when he left her alone for the night with the mother and child. " She will never do," thought Mr. Orridge, as he led Mr. Frankland down the inn stairs. "We sliall have to send to London for a nurse, after all." Feeling a little irritated by tho summary manner in which her husbaud had been taken away from her, Eosamond fretfully rejected the offers of assistance which were made to her by Mrs. Jazeph as soon as the doctor had left the room. The nurse said nothing when her servioes wore declined ; and yet, judging by her conduct, she seemed anxious to speak. Twice she advanced towards tho bedside, opened her lips, stopped, aud retired confusedly, before she settled herself finally in her former place by the dressing-table. Here she remained, silent and out of sight, until the child had been quieted, and had fallen asleep in his-.mothers arms, witli one little pink, half-closed hand resting on her bosom. Edsamohd could not resist raising the lurnd to her Hps, though she risked waking him again by doing so. As she kissed it, the sound of the lass was followed by a faint, suppressed sob, proceeding from the other side of the e,urtains at the lower end of the. bed. " " "What is that ?" she exclaimed. " Nothing, ma'am,*" said Mrs. Jazeph, in the same constrained, whispering tones in which she had answered Mrs. Frankland's; former question. " I think I was just Ming asleep in the arm- chair, here; and ! ought to havo told you perhaps that, having had juy troubles, and being afflicted with a heart combe good enough to excuse it." Rosamond's generous instincts wore aroused in a moment. " Excuse it!" alio said. " I hope I may do hotter tlian that, Mrs. Joseph, and be the moans of relieving it. When Mr. Orridge comes to-morrow, you shall consult him, and I will take care that you want for notliing that he may order. No I no 1 Don't thank me until I have been tho means of making you well—and keep where you are, if the arm-chair is comfortable. Tho baby is asleep again; and I should like to have lialf-au-hour's quiet, before I change to the night-side of tho bed. Stop whens you arc for the present: I will call as soon as I want you." So far from exercising a soothing effect on Mrs. Jazeph, these kindly-meant words produced tho precisely opposite result of making her restless. She began to walk about the room, and confusedly attempted to account for the change in her conduct, by saying that she wished to satisfy herself that all her arrangements were mode for the night. In a few iniiiutes more, she began, hi defiance of the doctor's prohibition, to tempt Mrs. Frankland into talking again, by asking questions about Portbgenna Tower, and hy referring to the chances for and against its being chosen as a permanent residence by ihe young married couple. " Perhaps, ma'am," she said, speaking on a sudden, with an eagerness in her voice, which was curiously at variance with the apparent indifference of her manner—" Perliaps when you see Portbgenna Tower, you may not like it so well as yon think you will now ? Who can tell that you may not get tired aud leave the placo again after a tew days—especially if you go into the empty rooms. 1 should have thought—if you will excuse my saying so, ma'am—I should liave thought that a lady like you would have liked to get as far away as possible from dirt and dust, and disagreeable smells V " I can face worse inconveniences than those where my curiosity is concerned," said Eosamond. " And I am more curious to see tho uninhabited rooms at Porthgenna, tlian to see the Seven Wonders of the World. Even if we don't settle altogether at the old house, 1 feel certain that we shall stay there for some time." At that answer, Mrs. Jazeph abruptly turned away, aud asked no more questions. She retired to a corner of the room near the door, where the chair-bedstead stood which the doctor had pointed out to her—occupied herself for a few minutes in making it ready for the night—then left it as suddenly as she had approaclied it, aud began to walk up and down, once more. This unaccountable restlessness, which had already surprised Eosamond, now made her feel rather uneasy—especially when she once or twice overheard Mrs. Jazeph talking to herself. Judging by words and fragments of sentences that were audible now aud then, her mind was still running, with the most inexplicable persistency, on tho subject of Portbgenna Tower. As the minutes wore on, and she continued to walk up and down, and still went on talking, Eosamond's uneasiness began to strengthen into something like alarm. She lesolved to awaken Mrs Jazeph, in the least offensive maimer, to a sense of the strangeness of her own conduct, by noticing that she was talking, hut by not appearing to understand that she was talking to herself. "What did you say?" asked Eosamond, putting the question at a moment when the nurse's voice was most distinctly betraying her in the act of thinking aloud. Mrs. Jazeph stopped, aud raising her head vacantly, as if she liad been awakened out of a heavy sleep. " I thought you were saying something more about our old house," continued Eosamond. " I thought I heard you say that I ought not to go to Porthgemia, or that you would not go there in any place, or something of thai sort." Mrs. Jazeph blushed like a young girl. " I think you must have been mistaken, ma'am," she said, and stooped over the chair-bedstead again. Watching her anxiously, Eosamond saw that, while she was affecting to arrange the bedstead, she was doing nothing to prepare it for being slept in. What did that mean ? What did her whole conduct meau for the last ha]f-hour. As Sirs. Frankland asked herself thotee questions, tho thrill of a terrible suspicion turned her cold to the very roots of her hair. It had never occurred to -her before, but it suddenly struck her now, with the force of positive conviction, that the new nurse was not in her right senses. All that was unaccountable in her behaviour -her odd disappearances behind the curtains at the foot of the bed ; her lingering, stealthy over-familiar way of using the hair-brush; her silence at onetime, her talkativeness at another her restlessness, her whispering to herself, her affectation of being deeply engaged in doing something which she was hot doing at all— every pno df her strange actions (otherwise incomprehensible)-became intelligible in, a mo- ment on that one dreadful supposition that she was mad. Terrified as she was, Eosamond kept her presence of mind. One of her arms stolo instinctively round the child; and she had halfraised the other to catch at the bell-rope hanging above her pillow, when she saw Mrs. Joseph turn and look at her. A woman possessed only of ordinary nerve would, probably, at tliat instant, have pulled at the bell-rope in the unreasoning desperation of sheer fright. Eosamond had courage enough to calculate consequences, and to remember that Mrs. Jazeph would have time to lock the door, before assistance could arrive, if she betrayed her suspicions by ringing without first assigning some plausible reason for dorng so. She slowly closed her eyes as the nurse looked at her, partly to convey the notion that she was composing herself to sleep, —pailly.tu gain time to think of some safe excuse for summoning her maid. The Hurry of her spirits, however, interfered with the exercise of her ingenuity. Minute after minute dragged on heavily, au,l .still she could think of no assignable reason tor riugiug the bell. She was just doubting whether it would not be safest to send .Mrs. Joseph out of the room on some message to her husband, to lock the door the moment she was alone, and then to ring—.she was just doubting whether she would boldly adopt this course of proceeding, or not, when she heard the rustle of the nurse's silk dress approaching the bedside. Iter first impulse was to snatch at the bellrope ; but fear liad paralysed her hand; she coidd not raise it from the pillow. The rustling of the silk dress ceased. She half unclosed her eyes, and saw that the nurse was stopping midway between the part of the room from xfhich she had advanced, and the bedside,. There was nothing wild or augrv in her look. Tlie agitation which her face expressed, was the agitation of perplexity and alarm. She stood rapidly clasping and uucJaspiug her hands, the image of bewilderment aud distress—stood so for nearly a minute— then came forward a few steps more, aud said inquiringly, in a whisper :— " Not asleep ? not quite asleep, yet I" Eosamond tried to speak in answer, but the quick beating of her heart seemed to rise up to her very lips, and to stifle the words" on them. The nurse came on, still with the same perplexity and distress hi her face, to within a foot of tlie bedside—knelt down by the pillow and looked earnestly at Eosamond—shuddered a little, and glanced all round her, as if to make sure that the room was empty—bent forward—hesitated—bent nearer, and whispered into her ear these words :— " When you go to Porthgenna, keep out of the Myrtle Room.'" The hot breath of the woman, as she spoke, beat on Eosamond's cheek, and seemed to fly in one lever-throb through every vein of her body. The nervous shock of that unutterable sensation burst the bonds of the terror that had hitherto held her motionless and speechless. She started up in bed with a scream, caught hold of the bell-rope aud pulled it violently. " O, hush! hush !" cried Mrs. Jazeph, sinking back on her knees, and beating her hands together despairingly with the helpless gesticulation of a child. Eosamond rang again and again. Hurrying footsteps and eager voices were heard outside on the stairs. It was not ten o'clock yet—nobody liad retired for the night—and the violent ringing had already alarmed the house. The nurse rose to her feet, staggered back from tho bedside, and supported herself against the wall of the room, as the footsteps and voices reached the door. She said not another word. The hands that she had been beating together so violently, but an instant before hung down nerveless at her side. Tho blank of a great agony spread over all her face, aud stilled it awfully. The'first person who entered the room was Mi's. Fraiikland's maid, aud the landlady followed her. "Fetch Mr. Frankland," said Eosamond, faiutly, addressing the landlady. " I want to speak to him directly. You," she continued, beckoning to the maid, " sit by me hero, till your master comes. I have been dreadfully frightened. Don't ask me questions; but stop here." Tlie maid stared at her mistress in amazement ; then looked round with a disparaging frown at the nurse, men the landlady left the room to fetch Mr. Frankland, she had moved a little way from the wall, so as to command a full view of the bed. Her eyes fixed with a look of breathless suspense, of devouring anxiety, on Eosamond's face. From all her other features the expression'seemed to be gone. Site said nothiug, she lioiiced nothing. She did not start, she did not move aside an inch, when the landlady returned, and led Mr Frankland to his wife. ; " Lenny! don't let the new nurse stop here to-night—pray, pray don't 1" whispered Eos mond, eagerly catclung her husband by tho arm. Warned by tho trembling of her hand, Mr. Frankland laid his fmger lightly on her temples and on her heart. " Good heavens, Eosamond! what has liappened I I left you quiot and comfortable, and now " "I've been frightened, dear-—dreadfully frightened, by tho new nurse. Don't be hatxl on her, poor creature; she is not in her right senses —lam certain she is not. Only get her away quietly—only send her back at once where she came from. I shall die of tho fright, if she stops hero. Sho has been beliaviug so strangely, she has spoken such words to me—Lenny ! Lenny S don't let go of my hand. She came stealing up to mo so horribly, just where you arc now; she knelt down at my car, and whispered—Oh, such words 5" " Hush, hush, love !" said Mr. Frankland, getting seriously alarmed by the violence of Rosamond's agitation. " Never mind repeating the words now; wait till you ate calmer—I beg and outrcat of you, wait till you are calmer. I will do everything you wish, if you will only lie down and bo quiet and try to compose yourself before you aay another word. It is quite enough for mo to know tliat this woman has frightened you, aud tliat you wish her to be sent away with as little harshness as possible. Wo will put off all further explanations till to-morrow morning. I deeply regret now that I did not persist in carrying out my own idea of sending for a proper nurse from London. Where is the landlady I" The landlady placed herself by Mr. Franklaud's side. " Is it late ?" asked Leonard. " Oh no, sir; not ten o'clock yet" " Older a fly to bo brought to the door, then, as soon as possible, if you please. Where is the nurse I" Standing behind yon, sir, near the wall/' said the maid. As Mr. Fraukland turned in tliat direction, Eosamond whispered to him: " Don't be hard on her, Lenny," The maid, looking with contemptuous curiosity at Mrs. Jazeph, saw the whole expression of her countenance alter, as those words were spoken. The tears rose thick in her eyes, aud flowed down her cheeks. The deathly spell of stillness tliat liad lain on lier face was broken in an instant She drew back again, close to tho wall, and leaned against it as before. " Don't be hard on her!" the maid heard her repeat to herself in a low sobbing voice " I)ont be hard on her! Oh, my God! she said that kindly—she said that kindlv. at S least!" " I have no desire to speak to you, or to use you unkindly," said Mr. Fraukland, imperfectly hearing wliat she said. " I know nothing of what lias liappened, and I make no accusations. I find Mrs. Frankland violently agitated and frightened ; I hear her connect that agitation with you—not angrily, but compassionately—and instead of speaking iiarshly I prefer leaving it to your own sense of what is right, to decide whether your attendance here ought not to cease at once. I have provided tho proper means for your conveyance from this place; aud I would suggest that you should make our apologies to your rnistresss, aud say nothing more than tliat circumstances have happened which oblige us to dispense with your services." " You have been considerate towards me, sir," said Mrs. Jazeph, speakiug quietly, aud with a certain gentle dignity in her manner, " aud I will not prove myself unworthy of your forbearance by saying what I might say in my own defence." Sho advanced into the middle of the room, and stopped where she could see Eosamond plaiidy. Twee she attempted to speak, aud twice her voice failed her. At the third effort sho succeeded in controlling herself. "Before I go, ma'am," she said, "I hope you will believe tluit 1 have no bitter feeliug against you, for sending me away. I am not angry—pray remember always tliat I was not angry, aud that I never complained." There was such a forlomness in her face, such a sweet, sorrowful resignation in every tone of hor voice during the utterance of these few words, that Eosamond's heart smote her. " Why did you frighten me ?" she asked, half relenting. " Frighten you ? How could I frighten you? Oh me! of all the people in the world, bow could I frighten you V Mournfully saying those words, the nurse went to the chair on which she had placed her bonnet and shawl, and put them mi. The laudlady and the-maid, watching her with curious eyes, detected that sho was again weeping bitterly, and noticed with astonishment; at tho same time, how neatly she put on her bonnet and shawl. The wasted hands were moving mechanically, and were trembling while they moved,—and yet, slight thing, though it was, the inexorable instinct of pro- guided their most trifling actions &tiU.; ' a-priety : Git her way to Die door, die stopped again at passing the bedside, looked through her teare at Rosamond and the child, struggled a little with herself, and then spoke, her farewell ffotio "God bless you, and keep you and your child happy and prosperous,'' sta said. "I am not angry at being sent away. If you ever think of me again, after to-night, please to remember that I was not angry, and that I never complained," She stood for a moment longer, still weeping, and still looking through her tears at the mother and child—then turned awav, and miked to the door. Something in the List tones of her voice caused a silence in the room. Of the four persons in it not one could utter a woid, as the nurse closed the door gently, and went out from them alone. {T» be continued.) 