IRELAND The Rev Mr O'Koeflo has obtained a vor- diot in his action for libol against Mr Coady, J.P., with sixpence of damagee. Damages wero laid at £4000. Aldrman M'Swinoy was, on IstDecsmbor, elected Mayor of Dublin for tho socond timo. Ho is Catholic and Liberal, but prcmisod to introduco no politics during his stay in office: Tbo other day tbo police entered a house in Duncan street, Cork, and seized fourteen Enfield rilles, oight brooch-loading ri ilea (suidcra and converted ), fifteen ring.lock bayo nets, four sword bayonets, and a box contain ing two revolver ballot moulds and a quantity of rifle and revolvor cartridges, besides various gunsmith's tools. M'Oarthy, tho proprietor of tho house, was taken into cue. tody. An Irish ghost story has generally 9QW9- thing (o do withtbp biiiflbee, 6r death \vArhor, Imta BiiperSatura' incident which is said to have occurred in tho wilds of Kerry tho othor day hi sufficiently thrilling, although the apparition conoornod had uo hereditary standing. It scorns that a woman residing in GloniUsk received a call from the epirit of her husband, a " man of the farming olass, drossod iu a shroud and white stook ings and gloves." The farmer iu white gloves stated thnt since his death, eome months back, although he onghb to. be in heaven, bo was dotalnod olsewhoro on ao .'junt. of owing a sum of £15 to friends of Vis, ft'itl ho b'ggorl of his wife to give him tha money. Tee woman in lull faith handejl bfm£10, and promised to briug him Ui-. rest in a few days il he came for it. Meanwhile she wens ami told the priest tho circum stances -I the care, and this gentleman acte 1 very differently from tho clerical monitor of Micky Free, who may be remembered by tho readers of Charles O'Malloy. When the ghoHfc in complete burial costume arriv-d for the bank nolo ho was at once reaelved hy a couple ol police, and proved, as Hhosts do in our day, to be a mere pretender playing a part, who will have to auBWor for his mis conduct before ft magistrate. Thoro was a touoh of real dramatic cnnniDg in tho fashion in which thiB rogue tried to impesn on tho simple widow. Tho shroud, tho stockings, and, above all, the gloves, were at ouce ro cognised by tbo poor woman as the moBt fitting garments for hnr husband, na they were tho laBt in whioh she had seen him. If ho had presented himself in tho more ques tionable guise of a itannol jacket and coidn roys, ehe might have wondered how ho contrived to procure a chauco of working olothes. Hero is a hint for spiritualists who have notne difficulty in reconciling! concrete flounces with ghostly phantoms. The Glm desk Ghost has riot Bolvod tbo problem, but his rigid ndheraeo? to charnel propertits ought tihs a lesson to those who rcpressut spirits in shooting oats or walking dreBSos. 