NEWS AND NOTES. To-day Bisllop Thorhton will be legally installed in his new episcopal see. The installation service will take place at Christ Church. At half-past ten a.m. the city bells will commence to ring, and will rmg for half-an-hour,. and then tlio installation cere- : monies will commence. In the evening, at eight o’clock, in the Academy of Music, the reception meet-, iug will be hold, when addresses will be presented to the bishop from the clergy and laity and Sunday schools, as also a letter of welcome from the Scotch College, when replies will be given by the bishop; after which the meeting will be addressed by his Ex cellency Sir W. F. Stawell. f' On Tuesday morning, about ten o’clock a drunken "man was creating a disturbance in Doveton street,fand Constables English and Downey got a cab belonging to Mr Osborne to take the drunkard to the lock-up. On the way thith'efjUt'seemsj'the inebriate roared and bawled so hideously that the horse took fright; at all events, when coming down Mair street the animal bolted, and ithe driver in tryingito rein him. the cab-whoel against the kerbing, and the horse fell and broke his fore leg, the cab also sustaining damage. It was thought by some • of those who witnessed the accident that the lives of the occupants of the cab were in very great danger. The poor animal was a pitiable/sight’ as, it *lay-'inithe channel with its; leg sihi&hed; The - 'horse Wak said to' fie worth Client £25. An attempt was made about two o’clock on Friday morning last to make an entry into the business pre mises of Messrs Eyres Bros., ironmongers, of Sturt street.. The , burglars,. three .in number, made the attempt' to’ outer a window at'tue'rcar of the shop by placing skids against the wall. Owing to the window have iron bars inside, the burglars made some noise iu ; trying to force an entrance, and Mr Kerr, saddler, oft Armstrong street, whose back windows overlook the back entrance to Messrs Eyres Bros.’ shop, happened to be up late that night, and bearing a noise, took a light for tbo purpose of ascertaining the cause. It is presumed that the burglars on seeing the light made oft', as Mr Kerr heard them running down the right of-way. Had the men effected an entrance to the back shop they would have found a greater difficulty, in getting into the other part of the premises, as the doors .are all lined with iron and the windows alljron barred. There appears to be a gang of house-breakers prowling about just now, and it behoves the police to! be on the alert. * ■ r - I An inquest was held on Tuesday, at tho Prince Regent hotel, on the body of a Chinaman named Ah -Won, who, was found dead in his hut in Prince Regent Gully. The deceased,' who' was u3 years'of'age, had been ill for four mouths with a cold in his chest. He was last seen alive at .three, o’clock on Saturday after noon. The medical evidence showed that death was caused, by exhaustion ensuing on dropsy in the chest, and heart. Verdict accordingly. ' ' i,;.-. Mr James Curtis met; the. ratepayers at the Phcsnix Park hotel on Tuesday night; Mr Payne occupied the chair. The candidate explained his views on municipal matters generally, and replied to several questions. Mr T. J. Kemp moved the usual vote of confidence, which was seconded by Mr Ingham and carried unanimously. Mr Curtis held another meet ing at the Oddfellows’- Hall, Macarthur street; Mr Vowles in the chair. After the proceedings had ex tended over about half an hour, the meeting was' waited on by Messrs. Davie, Shcrrau, aud Heutlicoto, who put their usual routine of questions. Mr H. Symons moved, and Mr Haggerty seconded, tho cus .ternary!vote, iwhioh, was supported;by-Mr BJrascr, and carried by a large majority. Mr Curtis will meat the 1 ratepayers • 'at-' Cox’s - sdhool-foom; Seymour street,' at eight this evening. , . ... , ~; ■ 1 Messrs Crowley and O'Malley addressed, the rate-' payers of Bungareeshire an Tuesday evening 'at' the Racecourse hotel, Buugaree. There was a crowded! meeting, and Mr Richardson occupied the chair. The candidates expressed themselves as being ever ready to vote money for the construction of the Black Swamp road and the roads in the immediate vicing, but pointed out that at the present time the council bad no funds to undertake any heavy works. The.! candidates reiterated’!’their r views. matters, which have already been published, abd l at the termination 11 of their addresses-votes of confidence, r wereunanimpusly, carried. ...A,ypto,,o£,;thankB ; t9 r the ! ! chairman terminated the meeting. . , „ 1 Our Smythesdale correspondent writes:—“Thd 1 Scaradale Harmonic Society made their first appear ance in public on 9th August, in the Town-hall, Scars-: dale, to a crowded and appreciative audience, num bers being unable to gain admittance. The society acquitted themselves admirably, and were most effi ciently assisted by Miss Marshall, - from Ballarat, and Messrs S. D. Booker and Rev. Mark Dixon, of Sears-,-' dale. Miss Marshall was deservedly encored for her splendid, singing of the song, ‘ Tell me, my heart,’ and a pianoforte solo by that young lady was. much admired. Mr S. D. Booker’s reading and the Rev. -Mark, Dijon’s recitation were much liked, as was also; 'Mr 'Cutier’s'vidlih solp| [Mr%-Jlutlee and |Mr'! Crook created quite a sensation by their singing of the (1 otit, ‘ O’er the bill, o’er the dale,’ being rapturously en cored. The concert was a decided success, and the-, Harmonic Society deserves great credit for the manner in .which .-it has,been- got up- -MrjAlex-.Young occu pied the chair,"and’Mrs Alex!'Young presided most; efficiently at the piano. The chairman stated that the society bad decided to give a performance at Smythesdale in about a month’s time, for the same object, and gaod'an assemblage there as in Scarsdale.??*God the jQneen’ by all pre- 1 sent tcrminated a' very jpleaaautpe'venihg’s entertain- Mr/Henry Leggo- addressed about ICO electowbf; ! the-north ward at Carriers’ Arms' hotel, IMarket Equaje,; on Tuesday night, Mr John Gatliff; I occupying the’Chair.’ | Thei candidate’s answers to the,; i questions proposed to the meeting,'; and the vote of confidence proposed by Hr Richard* Tunbridge, and seconded; by Mr Richard Holden, was carried unanimously. Mr -Leggo afterwards held a meeiing at the Borough Boundary hotel, Creswick road 4 (at-whioU about v BO were present), Mr Richard Tunbridge 1 being in the chair. Amongst other ques ~tions-proponnded"to'the- candidate-was-one-respecting the annual allowance "to the City Fire Brigade. The "candidate stated that he would" not only be-in-favor of the£ioo at present allowed to That body, but in; case that was insufficient to keep them in an efficient state he would be in favor of an increase, as he con sidered- men who voluntarily gave their'services'at all hours as they did, ought;'to'.’be well supported. “-Mr John Bell mpved, and Mr. Wo, .Stout. seconded the vote of confidence," which 'was 'supported by Mr M’Cartney, and carried unanimously. This evening ! Mr Leggo will address-the electors at the St Mungo and North Star hotels. 'i •• MrFisken ! addresaed an influential meeting of rate payers at Capell’s hotel, LalXal, on Monday afternoon, Mr Way -was voted to 1 the chair, and after a : few're marks introduced the candidate." Mr Fisken,"after briefly referring to hia connection with the shire ■ council for the last six years, and of ;his . personal in terest in the north riding, gave an exposition of the. state of the shire revenue at present, aiid of the pro posal 1 to raise 1 funds by issuing debentures. Although Lai Lai is receiving." but ,a very, small share of the. shire revenue, yet the meeting could see that no: blame,could, beimputed to the candidate in the matter. It was customary with candidates to hold : out baits for catching votes to electors in the form of; a promise to have a road made to each one’s threshold,: but not submit to such, artifices to secure the votes of infelligeht men.” If elected," he> would act conscientiously in - fhe --future as ho had dono-iu the past, and; would always advocate the per- 1 fbrmanceof works where his judgment directed they were most urgently needed. Mr Fisken spoke respect fully of his opponent in the'field, but deprecated some of the .means.resorted to-by some. of Mr Green’s ad herents to secure his return, as apart from uncompli mentary remarks in. reference to Mr Fisken, a report was industriously, I circulated that he did not intend to seek re- election, by which means he lost some support in remote parts of the riding. “He would employ ho extraaeoua, influence, but , would simply rely oh the common sense of the ratepayers to discriminate .for themselves who: shall •'be the representative of their interests in- the council. ’A unanimous vbte of confi dence’accorded to tho candidate brought the meeting to a close.;'.; , .i.'.t.-.j-jr . Our Smythesdale correspondent "writes:—“ A meet ing of the Smythesdale" Athletic Club 1 was held at the ; members’ room of the Mechanics’ Institute on Mpn -day evening;; the president, 1: Mr ; Holleson; indHe chair. That'geutlemon stated thatihe to lay before the, meeting, as Mr Tenbrink;: the secre tary, had not furnished one. . There were no funds in baud. The following are the officers elected for the ensuing yean—Mr.; Moodie,; secretary; .Mr Holleaon; president; Messrs Hayes and Hughes,-vice-presidents; !Mr Keith- treasurer; and Messrs' Cochrane;’-Jordan, .Liston, Reitze,; Maxwell; Magee, and‘Daly,. committee ofmanagement. The fixing the' date , on ;.whichVtd hold-the'sports was" postponed, and it was decided that the amount to be given in prizes do nht exheed v£lso. Three tickets were'fixed'^undh; 1 '" viz. Mem hers 0n1y,,55; member and wife, 7a Gd; member and " family, v los.‘,The meeting then 1 adjourned" tO'-Tiiesday, 17th inst.” - -" ■ - ■ ii . a Here is'an example to loc.d tobacconists,'and hint to collectors, for,the charitable: institutions. Tuesday’s Bendigo Advertiser says;—‘f Mr "Karl Van Damme, ■exhibiting .;a -degree of conscientiousness- that might -well.be copied in'other'quarters;--'has forwarded us a idieque for. £5 ss, .being the rebiite’ of the extra duty lately placed oh tobacco, and which, his letter explains, had iudirectly-.comie put of 'the pockets of his" cus tomers, The sum mentioned will be divided between Benevolent Asylum.” The writs for the, elections), will be Issued on the 12th inst., and the elections will be held as quickly as possible. Mr Berry will make-the first deliverance of the policy,of his Administration at Geelong, pro bably bn Monday next,/, and the date of nomination will most- likely be the 20th inst. A Government Gazette Extraordinary was issued on Monday eveuing, notifying .the acceptance j»f" the'resignation of: the' ; members of thadatc; Ministry and.the appointment of their successors) and also a notification by the Speaker of hi? intention to issue the writs’fpf the • elections bn Thursday-; ; X 2 th inst.,;.. ■ Referring to, the ~-Renzelmah: _ murder, the Dunoliy Express raatua tli« following sensible remark:—” This "let us Hope, will be the' last case iu- which a jury will be; found ready to bring in a verdict of wilful -'murder, land afterwards publicly state they did not think death .would be the penalty.” l ; - ,:i ; ,. Thh-Zh/cympfi of Tuesday : ,says:—“An, ad interim protest has been forwarded by Mr Ireland, Q.C., to his F.xcellency agaiust tho-apppintment of Mr Grant as Minister of justice, oh the ground that -the hpu.‘;mem ber.is not a’ barrister, but an attorney. ■■■ The protest, however, has evidently had but little" weight ;wi£h the Government, for Mr Grant was sworn" in yesterday-, and hot the slightest reference ivas made to ih At the time that Mr-Ireland penned "jliis communication the office, of Attorney- General, had. not. been filled, and His remohstfance was therefdie'cajciilated to draw tUe attention of the Governor to'the imperative necessity which existed pf a law-officer being, appointed before .the, Cabinet couldbe ■ considered, formed, and tho ruinbr'has got abroad,that Mr Berry-, with a number of his colleagues, attended at the Treasury on Friday afternoon to be sworn m; : when 1 the absence of a duly qualified law-officer was pointed blit to them, and the ceremony of swearing-in had. to. be.. postponed until the services of Mr Trench were secured. 1 ■ The mem hereof the Victorian 1 bar will; it is said,: however, pec sist.in raising the question of etiquette in the appoint ment ofan''attorney 'to,-, the . office of .Minister .of Jus tice, who toall intents and purposes performs tfie fubc tions of Solicitor-General. It is an innovation without any precedent in this colony,,though, it has v been re marked that Mr Ireland, who has the credit of having drafted the bill for,the amalgamation of the i learned professions which is now before 'Parliament;' can 1 have no reason to complain of Mr. Grant’s appointment. -The .foUowing.is.a.lisb. of,the. Suficitore-GeheraLaud Ministers of Justice since the new Constitution, from which it will be seen, that, they were barristers-at-law: —Solicitora-General: Redmond Barry, Edward Eyre i Williams,- James Groke, Robert. jMolesworth, .Thomas Howard Fellows,-Kobert,;S.'V£.,;Sitwell, J. D. Wood, Thomas : H-, Fellows, Richard ,;Di Treland, .Travers Adamson, James F., Hartley, - James Joseph Casey, . Butler. r Cole, Aspiuall, Henry. John Wrixou, Howard Speusley, George Briscoe Kerford, Tiiwusend' M'Der mott. 'Ministers of Justice: 1 John' D. Wood, Archi baldl Michie, 1 Samuel H, ■ Biudoh, Tho mas ■ Howard Fellows, 1 James Joseph Casey.' The office of Minister pf. Justice was first established in 1861 by the. second O.'Shanassy. Government, ■ Mr Ireland . being at the time Attorney-General, and the office was 1 recaiued by the 1 first M'Culloch Ministry, Ijy the Sladeu Ministry, and by the second M’Culloch Ministry for a time, ■ whema-returniwas.- made-tp the-jconstitutional; title, 1 which has been retained, up,to the present time.” The Herald correspondent wired the following train ing notes from Syduey oh Tuesday:—“There was a good muster,of horses on the course to;day, and the .work doue.was by far,the best yet seen. Cyclops did: -a very good'gallop, and his going was/generally very rvuioli lilrori • JicV.a aplondid gallop, and ia in.rare, for.m.. ,Kingsbprough did not go quite so well asTefetofPie; Causing stfme doubts'to" Be eiitertained about.-, his, condition.: , Sweetbriar-went 1 exceedingly ' well,-and is'comiug fast into favor.'. De-Mestre’s .lot ffiid'eome good-work and .their';condition is, if'Any thing, improved. , All Tait’s horses : were' : : oLit and did their gallops capitally.; They'are all in good condition, the Derby colt f ni Aryua telegrams from &indhurst; on. Monday, .even ing say:—“The Rev. P. Moore, one of the’Roman Catholic clergymen officiating. Kiliah’s, hiwbeen; sumiuohed to appear at the Policeicoiirt"next Monday, to answer the charge of celebrating a marriage with out the consent" of "fine "‘of the" gnardiahs of minors. ITM fiag-at the’.Town-knll tftduy, was Hying half-mastj in memory of Mrs. Fletcher,. the wife,of Mr George vyho "died‘ last night after ( a long illness.’’.'"! ; .T. , .We take-the fofiowing from “.Talk on.’Change",” in ;.the -Austrdlasian- of beeu-sug ’geated thaf an'edition of'Shakspear j’ nhd a copy of Mrs Cowden.Clarke’a concordance be obtained by sub ■ scriptiun for the use of the'igehtlemah - whose curious double function it is to signify His satisfaction di- other-"’ wise with tHe ahape of Melbourne tombstones, and with 1 the textjoff their inscriptions..- Within tho last four 1 days the sculptor of the-monument to be erected in., memory Sot '-poof 'Hattie Sheppafde'submitted- td'the officudceaspr of epiffiplis and cemetery brick work^the l sen tehees intended tb; be therebn inscribed. 'They were .simple,enough, and iacludedjtho appropriate quotation - from:’.Macbeth ’—-‘She should have died:"hereafter.” To l moat minds thefe-wpiild be* ready appreciation of! of this’ sentiment,"'dilplorihg the Vtoo eariy death of. a dlevcf; young, aotrese .'apriug-- time of a promising career. But the surveyor couldn’t' iseeJt,^jHe < has. a> soul; above sentimeutnnd all-tbat sort of thing. He drew, his pen through the—to him. —objectionable quotation;*" leaving an 'explanatory 1 -message with; bis clerk that 1 he * didn't see the sense of' paying this tribute to the memory of departed genius bad some pretensions to literary ..taste, and they de clined to be over-ridden in ; thia arbitfary v w:vy. They had found the'lnarble . anithe epitaph, but did not feel bound to; supply sense to'tbe censor.' They in sisted oa.l heir (right, and"’have extorted his consent to theirquoting an author?who is popularly supposed !to have' written one or two,good things. They fire, “however, steeped in anguish at being informed by {their grave critic that he stilliconaidera the inscription (‘ratherunsuitable.’ ” *. . ;?;v ' Sotne scoundrel has been trying to set fire to the State school at Jerico, in Gippsland. The Mercury's correspondent writes:—“ It has taken everybody by 'surprise, not unmixed with some alarm;-from - the un pleasantness of having such a demon in human shape living in the vicinity, who may at any moment return -to-the-charge and repeat-the process, or try-his--hand at some other building more easily ignited. It is cer- : tain that neither life nor property is safe in the neigh-; borhdod of such a'person. - The matter is. now. in the hands of the police, and it is sincerely to be hoped that the perpetrator of this vile outrage may bo brought to justice.” ’ i From a letter recently received by Baron vori Mueller,’ we (Herald) learn that the .Giles, exploring party has! reached' Youldek, and that Mr Giles himself! arrived at Forbes Bay on IGth July. The naturalist 1 and. botanist accompanying the expedition forward a; small collection-.of, plants to. the Baron for.classifica tion. The party are sanguine of reaching Perth,; Western Australia, insafety. ■ ; The Winchelsea correspondent of th a Geelong Times. Mr Bullivant; was unanimously re-elected president, of? the shire council; There are strong. ex pressions i here that: Mr ;Lalor should not be opposed; fdr'South'Qrant, but have a'fair opportunity allowed him.” ....... : “ If we are to have Mr Berry doubly, in command, it is fervently hoped by many (writes the Colac cor-‘ respondent of the Geelong Times) -that ho will opportunity and so give us such a dose of protection that it, will ,aot; as an; emetic; and be the .means, of; relieving the country of the burthen altogether.” ! ! ' ; About eighteen mouths'ago (writes the Ballarat correspondent of th s. Pleasant Creek News) a resident ; of this district, who boasted, and 1 believe truthfully, of the'fact of-the blue blood of an old family coursing through his veins, married and left to settle elsewhere. At the time the ceremony was performed the gentleman in question attracted just that small amount of notice usually accorded by the world to one who sometimes can afford threepenny-worth of beer'for his Sunday’s dinner, but more frequently cannot. . However, a few ■friends did assemble together, and wish all happiness to the newly-wedded, pair; who shortly slipped away from us unperceivcd and not missed. When I state ;tha wife (a stranger.hereabouts) was as, poor;, and; un-; known as the man she knelt, beside at the altar, I shall have said all that need be said .concerning a marriage '.of which'few were aware, and about which as many ■cared. --Hard- work in another -colony' 'was; -to' : the the only reward .that, seemed likely do. mark the fulfilment: of! a long,, and affectionate, engage ment. Neither ' .had to? their ■' knowledge kith or kin .on ; the,.-, face, of i the “earth, , so;, placed strong reliance in;-each .other when they plighted their ' troth. ' Now mark . what the whuiigigj'.'pf ;time'‘Vrmgs .about.";? In Sprn‘ last the husband was . ” wanted,” not' by.- the .police, but ;by a firm of solicitors, who then placed him in possession of soma riverside-property -in ■ London; the; rent-roll ■'of which means (w little 6ver;£l3,o6o‘anhuolly. :: ; He; had kiri; butiso far removed jri to'be.quite unknbwnVtoi him..;-The mail-which reached'Sydney last told of further favors in store for the'fortunate couple. The wife had succeeded,-.not to a title, but towhufc is better; £34,000,. bequeathed to her by a natural brother; of.whose.existence/she was- doubtful;Jahd of whose .whfereibbuts,' and',as events ' have proyed’^riches, 1 she -had- not the ghost; of .an idea. ? I recollect,some years since hearing it. said of the how rich-Thaines property holder that he- was “ a soft fellow; always, lending lialf orowns to impecunious friends, and neyer, as a matter ',of;.course,, recovering. them." The ,taunt was rather .nicely ..met by, the iina'n' at whoni.it was .thriist— “ True,” he replied, I-cannot deny it, ;-but did you ever hear of me having asked for the loan of a shil ling,: or, .owing mau a penny i’’ ; . y His worst‘enemies coiild not reply iu the affirmative. , ... . ' Ttie Ararat Advertiser complains that tract distri butors thereayafer their leaflets'on; people’s doors and injure the paint. ' ' ' . ’ r,> Mr J.- Summerscales begs to acknowledge the receipt. pf £l from an ahonymous donorj ih iud of the .Town Mission Poor’Fund.. , j .- '-'-T, ■-V .. . i;i i ' The Grenville Advocate says:—“A.dog was'taken 'from A shaft'in Mr LewinV paddock; ,at Nintingbopl, a- ahort time since, where it had been ■for-w eight days,-and when rescued; :was hot much the worse for ! the, long abstinence from foqd.whidh it Liadisbtfercd.’’ One consequence-of the railway reaching' Beaufort has been . (says the, Ararat Advertiserf the "further developing of wood cutting. ■ Large . quantities. are now - carted to the -station and! taken away, and-hut £or tho Uigb nhargo for freight which the department imposes, there would be considerably more, men em ployed, and .a lucrative business! would in all proba bility-be done, which would prove as beneficial to the . men as to the district at.large.... Neither in Beaufort nor liny- other part of the district have we heard that any ;of -the State, forest rules are observed by those • who at present are clearing Crown lands.of.the timber., , H this. system .of wholesale. denudation goes on, -'We may'exp'ect’t'o hear great dissatisfaction expressed at the supineness'of the Government in. the matter before many years are over.: : ; ! ' Touching the question of failway.management, the Geelong Advertiser -says:—“ Mr Woods can achieve a great deal at the railways .if, swerving' ftiim. the, tradi tions of the department, he. will put the beat;men-in the places they are best; fitted for. 'More thau dne station-master has a large experience of traffic, and hinted that lie could find a remedy for grievances and assist to develop the traffic if his lipsvvere not sealed. It is a growing conviction that -the traffic branch is bungled; and if Mr .Woods-should succeed insetting that alone straight his possession of office will not have been in vkiu.”' , ! ’ . ■ : $ ; Sometime ago we mentioned the death of George Seobie,-brother ofpoor Seobie who was*murdered here at Bentleyls hotel.- ‘ Since her husband’s.death'Mrs Seobie, has, been .struggling- to ‘support - herself, and family, but she has met with the misfortune of losing her cow aud .horse, which were her' chief means- of support;' 'and' this, added to continued, , ill-health, makes her unable any longer to endure . without an appeal-to her friends.- : She is living in the neighbor hood of;Chines,' and friends .there have sent a sub scription-list to, this office for us to ; : receive auy aid that may-be offered, which, of course; we will -be. glad •to do. ■ • • ' ■ ; . ; ; : ■ The Argus says that-by the Moravian, which arrived on Monday ffom'Loudon.avery handsome greyhound' and beagle have arrived for Mr Chirnsidej of Werribeo Park. There is also on board' the same ship a very fine young pure-bred mastiff. ■ ' • <-’' , The necessary order for the discontinuance of the collection of the increased duties proposed by the late' Treasurer was given on Monday by Mr Lalor, the new Commissioner of Customs, and the duties already paid will be returned iu due course. • Of the proposed g«s company at Ararat the'dtZrcr; User says it baa been resolved that, no further pro-! ceedinga iu'the matter be taken at-present, aud that the amounts paid as deposits bn shares be returned to the shareholders, less Is 6d in the.pound for the pre liminary expenses incurred. - , ; , , It ' would appear(wya. the' Ararat ‘Advertiser) as though the workmen in this district.were; sadly : defi . cieut’ ’ib’ enterprise, - when, the ■ contractors -'for“ the various works, now ih progress are compelled to send to Ballarat for dressed bluestone. Trucks laden with this material were forwarded, by -rail, last week, and the fact is -undoubtedly a, slur upon oar ! local resources;- - '-We are! possessed-■ of : quarries whence stone y migbt be raised in any size, and yet Ballarat is preferred, because orders, given there! are promptly fulfilled , ! Mr Fairclough, the tragedian, has struck out a new line of.business. By a hand-bill forwarded from Mel bourne we notice that on Sunday evening next Mr Fairclough will commence a series of, sacred recitals at the 'metropolitan town-hall, in which; he will be assisted by Mr John- Hill, H.A. M., ; as organist. < . The Ararat, A dvertiser; says‘that a’Mr Dlaif, who is the proprietor of a squatting station somewhere in the. vicinity of Harrow;cametounmitigated grief on Friday morning last;' The'- gentleman referred to had pur .ohased-a brand new. trap in Melbourne, ini which ho purposed’ driving -. his - family from “ Ararat to. t heir home with "a - “ fbur-imhand team;” ' ‘epneorn, radiant ,‘in colors and -varnish, was,smashed'“all to pieces by the horses at: the first -start: from -the stables. :• “ ,- Risley’s “Mirror of--England”--eannbt/.tirec.tbe cba'rm^ -’gaze,■■ > it/; ( seems, : jof : .sightseers here." Last , uightj ia spite of the dreary wet weather, there, was a capital bouse. . Of ; cuurte, the “added iattractious,- of •Mr- Val -Vose’s clever. doings-and Professor Saunders' playing’6n : the harp must' be taken tb’.assist-'ih filling , the bouse, ,but;tbe.panqrama,.i3, ."after! all, the! 'grand draw. As we have said over and over again, so iwe may /e’peat; it merits all our warmest encomiums; As a gentleman jremarked, to us last night,, it is a'real, educator in"art"as well as a constant charm. L v. A sermon i-wilf be preached next Sunday- evening, by •Mr rf'in-,* tke ?Cathblic’jApbstoUc Ghurcli; Sturt street. * . ■ r A list; of applications to be considered by a local land board,, to be held atrßallarat .on Monday next, is ; published in our'advertising .oblumns;^ y ? w . Iley. D.jMi payies’wiU?^thw;eyening : ( |deliver !» v .lecture.! Dawsonstreet .CobgregatipnalChurch,, . on accomplished lecturer, and hrs subject m a popular and attract!! while treating it profoundly. Doahtl»., maßlltr > er «tt able evening is in store for those & ler?eni<'/I er ? en i<'/ vement to be present at the lecture find !t JS22SS 2?Ssj—ta.««,. «rbi«'.ti^s s ss:^. 