FICTION. (Prom Engllttti, American* and other Periodicals.) A SEA FLO WEE. CnAPTEn xvni. CABKING CABE. Why, let the stricken deer go weep. The heart ungallcd play ; For some must watch, and some must sleep. So runs the world alway. -Sliaiespeart. Lovell's master-Mr. Carson-waa by no means an elegant or a handsome man ; rather of the grizzly bear order in appearance, with hail that would stand on end, no matter how it was brushed, and through which he had a habit or running his fingers till it looked like nothing BO much as a new wisp. He had a good face, in spite of it's unoomeliness, and olear, honest, gray eyes, that looked the world fearlessly in the face, and never backed the fierce, decided mouth in a lie, as some eyes do. Ho was not very particular in bis dress, save in the matter of linen ; his coarse tweed sait covered shirts of the whitest and finest linoo, and in personal cleanliness no one could equal bim Although ho had no sympathy with Lovell Darritt's " whims," as ho called them, and looked upon parsons and preachers generally as a poor feck- less lot, fit for nothing but to talk, he liked the lad, who resembled himself, in oleanliness and sobriety, and honest determination; and when he saw his heart was in his dosire for the church, he gavo him what was of more valuo than a purse full of money-namely, a year of preoious time. " Ho'll he a spoiled parson if he sticks to his work, and never rise to anything beyond an ordinary skilled artisan," he said to his sister one evening when he was sitting with her in her little parlour. There was very little resem- blance between the two. Mrs. Lytham's pleasant, mobile faoo, and her brother's strong, set features had little in common ; yet the bond of love between them was as strong as the like- ness was small. Mr. Carson did not often visit Broad Street ; ho felt out of place, he said, among the " silks and satins and fal-lals ;" and when the brother and sister met it was gene- rally in his humbler and less pretentious home. Ho had gone to Broad Street this evening with . motive, and the talk bad turned upon Lovell Darrett. "How good you are to everybody/' Mrs. Lytham said, caressing her brother's rough hand. " If that lad makes his mark it will be a proud thing for you to think of." " Ho will make his mark, and I sha'n't take much credit to myself in tho mattor. He'd have found his way to the pulpit without my help ; and all I could have done would have been to hinder him in his studies. I haven't done more for him than you have for that pretty girl-what's her namo ?-Clirkc-that I sent you." " I wish you could send me another or two like her. She was the best and quiokest errand girl I ever had, besides being pretty and well mannered ; and now it turns out that she is a perfect genius in tho dressmaking way. The benefit will be minc, besides it's being pleasant to help such a respeotablo person as Mrs. Clarke seemB to be." " Ah, that's her foster-mother. It's a queer story about that child. She's the living image of a young lady that was in Birmingham a year or so ago " "Who was she?" " Well, I'm not sure I heard her name. She was staying at the Andromeda Hotel, with Sir Mark Hawtree; I remember his name well enough, for I took a cheque from him for a carved bracket he happened to see in the window at Aitoheson's. He enquired the maker's name, and sent for me. He bought two, and this young lady was in the room when I took them home-a lovely -creature she was, too. That girl so like bcr it's just like seeing a ghost to look at ber." " Dolly's IB the loveliest face I ever saw, T think," said Mrs Lytbam. " And she's ' botter than she's bonny,' as the Scotch people say. She's a very good girl, is Dolly." "She looks like it ; bat, Bcssio, dear, I didn't come hcrCjto talk about theso young folks, but yourself. I'm worried abo it you, my girl." " About me, brother ?" '? Yes, dear." "But, why?" " Well, several things The world isn't going well with you, my dear " " What makes you thipk so ?" asked Mrs. Lytham. She did not let her brother see her face as she spoke. A newspapor lay on the table, and she took it up-idly enough as it scorned, but in such a way as to screen her expression entirely from his observant eyes. " Ah, I see, Bessie-you are troubled. Your faoo tells mo that every time I see you ; the books tell me so-not because I have been peeping in- to them, my doar, bat because you keep them so carefully hidden from mo You would not. do so if they showed as good a balance as usual." " You see everything, I think," Mrs. Lytham said with a little laugh, that had a sob in it. " You are right though-tho business has gone back a little That is not much to go by-you know how fluctuating it is always." " Not in tho season. This is generally your busiest time. You had much ado this time last year to get through the press of your business without infringing tho Aot. Now, you are so Black that your young people go away before their time, and have hardly enough to do to keep them busy all day ; to say nothing of your having DO extra hands this season at all." He spoke the truth, as Mrs Lytbam knew to her cost ; and sho could not find voice to speak for a minute. " Bessie," he went on ; "shall I tell you the cause of all this ?" " The usual cause, I suppose," sho said, trying to speak in an unconcerned tone. " Depression of trade and so forth. You know how suoh things come about in your own business." " Trade is brisk now, Bessio. Everyone is in full work, and money is plentiful. The cause is in yourself, my dear-in your own listlcssncss and apathy. Your business used to bo a pleasure to you-it's all worry and hard work now, is it, not ?" i "Well, perhaps. I don't think I am very veil. I daresay I need a little change." " You need to be rid of the anxiety that has come between you and your worfc, my girl. I . have seen it, and I am very sorry for it." / " " What have you seen ?" i " That you have broken your promise to me." ^Oy promise !" "TSes, dear. When you carne back to me, after sour most miserable marriage, the oath you sjffore to mc, when you and I stood together bY/fche coffin of your dead child-dead, Bessie, hy your husband's neglect and ill doing, as surely as though he had lifted his hand, and taken its innocent life. You swore to mo that you would begin your life anew, and never more hold any communication with the cause tf your misery." S Mrs. Lytbam turned very white. It was a ( surprised and shock to her to find that her / brother new anything of the visits she had re / ceivcd. She expeoted he would speak of the faltered state of her business, and of her own depressed health and spirits ; bat she was not aware he bad any suspicion of tbs cause. "You hardly bolieve mo, I see," ho said. " You think I only guess ; but I know, my dear, he is in Birmingham, now." "You havo seen him ?" ' " Yes, I met him swaggering along Newhall Street, not many hours since, Wilfrid Lytbam, in the flesh, fine clothes on his back, money in his pocket-I could tell it by his self-satisfied air; and it needs no revelation from the spirit world to know where it all ooraes from." Mrs. Lytham's head was bowed down npon her bands now, and teaTs were making their way through her fingers. " How long has he been here ?" her brother asked. "Four days." "Bat this is not the first time. How often bave you seen him before ?" "Twice." j "And entertained bim here?" I " No." "Bat you have helped him-straitened your- self, hampered your business, and worried your- self almost to skin and bone, to give him money Bessie, you ought to have more sense ! Don't you know what will become of all you can give bim ? It will find it's way down his throat in every publio-bouse in Birmingham ; if ho hasn't Hung it away, all of a lump._at the nearest gam- ing table." " Don't talk like that, brother. He is my husband, and-" " And you fancy you love him still and all that nonsense, forsooth," said Mr. Carson making a perfect cheveaux défrise of his hair, in his annoyance. " My dear girl you fear him -that's all. It's not a wife's place to keep an idle, dissolute, dishonest scamp (I am sorry to speak ill of my relations, but my dear brother in-law is all these things) ; and I will be no aider and abettor in suoh madness. What did ho ever do for you when you wanted bread ? He never carne near you then ; now, when you have a good house and substantial surrounding, he's very ready to share them with you." " I shall not let him." " Oh, yes, you will. You'll let him worry you out of every penny you aro worth-out of house and home, through the bankruptcy court ; and then, whon there's nothing more to bo got out of you, he'll bid you good-byo till you have built up another business and home for yourself, if you ever live to do it." " Oh, don't talk like that, brother," Mrs. Lytham said, her tears falling fast. " I have enough to bear without your turning upon me, too." " I don't want to turn upon yon, Bessie. I only want you to look at this thing in a reason- able light. Don't think Tin. goiug to forsake you, dear, whatever oomes of it. How much Ima'he managed to wheedle or threaten you out of in these visits of his ?" MrB. Lytham did not answer, and Mr. Car- son put his arm round her, and drew her closo to him. A very unusual caress for him ; he was, by no means, given to sentiment of any sort. " Don't keep anything from me," he said " Make a clean breast of it, and I'll holp you, if I oan. Not to pour money into that fellow's bottomless pookets, though ; but to get rid of him altogether. How muoh bavo you givon him ?" " Nearly two hundred pounds." "What!" MrB. Lytham repeated her words, and her brother gave a low whistle. " The business may well be depressed," he said ; " and you half-dead with worry. What on earth possessed you ?" " He said it was to save him from being ar- rested, the first time." " Bah ; To save him from doing a hand's turn of work, the scoundrel ! And what did you doto make up all this money? You hadn't it handy to get at, I know " "No; I put off the Paris bill. At least, I mast do so. I am expecting the invoice every day." I " And ruin yourself. Your connection Gnizot and Co.-is ono of the mainstays of your business. If you do that they will doubt you, and you'll get old models and seoond-rato goods for the future. How muoh is it ?" " About a hundred." " Send to me when it comes in. I oan meet it for you." " Oh, brother !" "And I will; but there must be an end to it. Have you ever seriously considered youl position. I don't mean in business-but in regard to this man ? Do you know that ho can take from you the houso over your hoad-the very olothes you wear ? All you have may bo seized any day to pay his debts, and'you would have no redress?" " There's no way to help it." «Yes, there is." "What?" " Free yoursolf from him " ' Ah, no. I couldn't do that." " Ah, yes ; you could You have nothing to reproach yourself with but yielding to bim too weakly. Go to the law to help you; the nino days' wonder will soon bo over, and you will bo free. Your friends will all stand by you, never fear ; and you will know what it is to lead a peace- able life ouco more." " Don't talk about it," Mrs Lytbam said, with a shudder. " I know something must be dono ; but let mo think it over. I feel as though I should go crazy with it all." "And no wondor. Send to me when you get that account. You'll bo able to help me some time, maybe, whon I want it; and that will be one worry off your mind." " The greatest, just at this moment," Bhe said, putting her arms round his neuk, and kissing him. " How shall I ever thank yon, William ?" " By doing as 1 bid you, my lass." " I could pay it half a dozen times, if my bills were in. My money's pretty sure, though it's long in coming sometimes " " I know that. Make yourself easy about this item, anyway ; and now about this fellow, what does be call himself now. I suppose he has as many names as there are days in tho week. Has be announced himself as Mr. Wil- frid Lytham yet ?" "Oh, no." "What then?" " Richard Jones." " Ah ! a very respectable, quiet sort of namo will pass muster well in Birmingham. I'll see him for you, Bessie. What is his business here besides worrying you ?" " He's hiding from something-creditors, I believe." " Or tho police" muttered Mr. Carson to him- self " The one's just as likely as tho other. ['11 see if I can find Mr. Jones. Keep up your spirits, Bessie ; and good night, my dear, We must put a stop to this somehow, or ruin will como of it." Ho went away, ruminating rather sadly on his sister's position. " She's a fool," he muttered ; " a soft-hearted fool, "and yet its natural, Why don't he get caught at something that would send bim beyond seas for his natural life. It would save a deal of trouble Two hundred pounds ! No won- der she looks harassed, poor girl !" A man in the shadow of a doorway on tho opposite side watched him out of sight, and then quickly crossed tbe road. ,_, " Another minute, brother-in-law," ho said, with an angry BCOWI ; " and I think I should have broke in upon your téte-a-lête. However, perhaps, that would not havo been advisiblo. And now, my love, my most excellent and obedient wife, for a little agreeable conver- sation with yon." Mr. Biebard J ones looked a totally different person now from the shabby, slovenly man | Dolly Clarke had admitted to her mistress's | presence. He was well dressed and his boots I and gloves were unexceptionable. He had | passed through the barber's hands, too, and his I hair and moustache wero arranged in a gentle U manly manner, which gave quite a now aspeot I to his outward man. Ho might easily bave | boen mistaken for a gentleman of very bluo blood indeed, from the easy grace of his manner, as he stood there for an answer to bis impatient tug at the bell. Noone carne for a little while ; everyone in the house was in bed except Mrs. Lytham, and she hesitated at answering so late an appeal. " Are they deaf?" he muttered, and knocked and rang again. " I'll mako them como; and let tbem know they can't keep a man out of his own house into the bargain. Ah ! somebody's awako at last." Footsteps came along the passage, and his wife's voice asked who was there. " You know well enough," he said gruffly. " Open the door, or I'll rouse the whole neigh . bourhood, and let'em know I have a right to oome in." As fast as her trembling fingers would obey her she undid the bolts, for she dreaded ho would put his threat into execution. " What do you want ?" BUO asked. " Some supper and a fire first thing. Then some talk with you. Shut the door, and como in, and sit down ; I've had standing enough, I can tell you. I've been waiting for your brother to go these two hours." " If you only want talk it will keep till to morow." " Come in, and don't bo a fool," ho said savagely seizing her by the wrist, and sending the door to with a loud siam. Sit down, and I'll soon tell you what I want with you, my handsome, loving obedient wife!" CHAPTER XIX. INVITED TO A BALL. Mad sa the sea and wind, when both contend Which li the mightier. -bhatespeare " Have you ever been to Han well, Milly ?" "To where?" Mildred Gower looked up from her work with a bright smile, as her uncle put the question. She was growing less absorbed by her grief as the time wore on, though she was still terribly apxiqns about, her brother. She was in daily expectation now of hearing from the gitntfleajan who had been despatched to Australia to look for I Percival, and she strove with all her might to believe that the expected letter would bring good tidings. How bard it was to hope, perhaps only she herself could tell j but she kept up, and strovo to appear like her old self, and to respond lo the kind and sympathising efforts that all around hor made to cheer her. She thought ter unolo was joking when be asked such a strange question, and replied lightly when ho repeated his words. " To Hanwell " " The lunatic asylum ? ' "Yes." " No. What should take me thore ?" " Papa will drive us all there soon, I verily believo," grumblod Mrs- Nelaton, from th dopths of an easy chair. " I'm sure we'va heard about nothing but mad people for weeks -paît." Sir Mark Hawtreo had been interesting him- self very muoh in some statistics respecting criminal lunacy, about which a friend pf bis was introducing a bill into Parliament ; and the subject had brought him into con taot with some of the most eminent physieans of the day. Mrs. Nelaton had deolared herself frightened to death at the presence of " mad dootors," as she per- sisted in oalling them, at her father's dinner table ; and made herself supremely ridiculous by her affectation of nervousness. Her cousin, on the contrary, was interested in their con- versation, and showed an intelligent apprecia- tion of what she heard, that charmed Sir Mark, and mado him, more,,than ever, disgusted with his daughter's folly " I've got an invition to Hanwell for us all," the baronet replied, without taking any notice of Mrs. Nelaton'a words. " An invitation to a madhouse, papa !" she exclaimed. " Just so, to a bill and supper. Will you go girls ?" ~ "I won't," his daughter answered. I wouldn't for the world, £~ahot}ld peye^ejepest' to leave the plaoe aliye." " Nonsense. Will you go, Milly ?" . "It sounds odd," said Milly. /' What sort of a ball is it to be, uncle ?" " Well, I don't supposo you'll peed your dia- monds, my dear; and you'll ba oomideredquite eligible if you go in the dress you baye on-7-tnp ball is among the patients, and isla very ourious and interesting affair, I oan assure you." Mrs. Nelaton gave a little soream of dil* may. " A ball amongst mad people ! How can you ask Milly, papa ? Of course she won't go-«he'd be a fool if she did. Why her life wouldn't be safe a minute in suoh a place 1" " Milly will bo perfeotly safe, if she.likes to go," Sir Mark replied gravely. " Top oan do as you please. We must dine at four, at latest, as tho Hanwell festivities begin about seven and Sir Lawrenoe Trehasit is coming to fotoh me and you two, if you like to go." But Mrs. Nelaton dcolined vehemently; nothing should induce her, she deolared- and Milly was not sorry. She was ourious and in- terested, and prepared for her expedition, re- gardless of her cousin's grumbling at tbe early dinner and tho prospeot of being left to herself for tho evening. Mildred had a strange, excited feeling npon hor at the prospeot of the visit. Old-fashioned folks would have oalled it a presentiment ; but she felt as though something more than ordi- nary would come of the visit. A strange desire came over her to dress herself in white, to get 'out her jewels, and put them on for this novel kind of festivity. She even went so far as to take her diamond bracelet out of its oase and fasten it around her arm, thinking how pretty the flashiug stoncB looked against the dull, un- relieved black of her dress. " I supposo uncle's remark about diamonds has sot me thinking of thom," she thought. " Poor Daishs I wonder what has become of hers ?" Her thoughts wandered off to the day when they had bcon presented at Court together, and how the bracelets had gleamed, and the sun had shono upon their fair young hoads, as though thero were no sorrow in the young hearts that beat with suoh troublod throbs under the satin and laco of tho gorgeous drosses in wbioh my Lord Mountsorrcl had decked his wifs and her sister. So absorbed was BOO, that she went down to dinner with tho bracelet still clasped upon her arm. Mrs Nelaton was too much engrossed with her own ill- humour to notico it; and she did not remark it till her uncle made a laughing allusion to it as they were driving along in the oarriage. I "You aro going to honour Sir Lawrence's ! patients, Milly," he said. " My dear ohild, whatever made you deck yourself out like that ?" Milly cxplainod that she bad put it on and forgotten it, but added that she must keep it on now. "It is safer there than in my pooket," she said. " There is an elastic strap underneath whiob keeps it tight. It doesn't show much.' " Well, ttke care-that's all," Sir Mark said " I don't supposo the dootor oan vouch for the honesty of all his patients, and their love for glitter is proverbial " And so it carno about that Milly Gower went to the ball at Hanwcll Asylum, with her diampnd bracelet clasped upon ber arm. Sir Lawrence Trchasit took charge of her, and introduced 1er to the resident physician and his wife, a pleasant, oheery couplo, who lived, with a whole brood of children, in the midst of a mad community, and seemed to enjoy their lives to the full as mnoh as anyone outside of tho little world over whioh they rnled. Mrs. Martin introduced her guest to a variety of wonderful people-kings, queens, and notabilities without end ; and one dootor, a man of mark, till muoh study and trouble had upset his reason, who was so old that he had presided at tho birth of Methuialeh, and ushered that renowned long-liver into the world. Milly hardly discovered his delusion till be suddenly alluded to Julius Csasar as a very agreeable person, with whom he had frequently had a day's hunting when be first invaded Britain. Milly was not at all frightoncd at this kindly, white- haired lunatio, and promised him her hand for the first dance without any hesitation, and ontorcd the large room set apart for a ball room without the slightest trepidation. " Wo have balla every week," her partner told her ; " but this is a speoial oooasion-an anniversary-tho dootor has beon here ten years, and he has allowed the patients to oelobrate the oooasion. He is very popular with thom." Milly hardly wondered at that, as sho saw tho way in whioh hp moyed about among them." Certainly an odder company surely never met in a ball room, but they nearly all looked very happy, and there was as muoh oeremony as though the guests wcro met to danoe before her Majesty. The hall was very prottily decorated with wreaths and devices of flowers an4 ever- greens ; and the musioians, who belonged to the asylum, and were partly patients and partly attendants, need not have feared to perform in a far more aristocratic assemblage. Milly found bor partner danoe and talk capi- tally, in spite of the many thousand years be olaimed to have lived, and was highly amused to soo hor undo whirling about in the embraoes of a lean, old woman, in a wig and a yellow tur- ban, who had rushed frantioally up to him with loud exclamations of delight, hailing him ag some long-lost Edgardo or Bolando, for whom her brazy soul was pining. It was against all rules for her to select a partner, without leave ob- tained from the dootor, but she was anew-oomor and Sir Mark was good natured, and whispered to Dr. Martin to lot ber have her way. So the big, yellow turban reclined lovingly on the baronet's shoulder, and the mindless eyes looked languishingly into bis face, with Heaven knows what of memories stirring in the poor, wander- ing brain-maybe, of times long goño by, when youth, and love, and happiness were all hera and she had an arm to lean upon, and a voice to whisper to her, as she would have had her partner do now. Sir Mark pitied her, as men must pity tuoh helplesB and distraught creatures ; but he waa very glad when the danoe was over and lie could lead his partner to a spat, «hers she became immediately very angry and haughty with everyone around her, and demanded to be taken to bed, and served with a roasted thun- derbolt, hot, instantly. Milly's partner led her to a seat, and stood talking to her as any gentleman in anbali room might have done, when Dr. Martin came gently up, and touohed him on the arm. " His Mpjesty is coming down, Mr. Pepriyn," he said. " Ah, then, I had better go," was the quiet answer. " Exouse mo, Miss Gower. I am very sorry to bo obliged to absent myself from snob pleasant oompany, but the Dootor will tell you that I cannot stay in the room with the poor fellow who calls himself bis Majesty. He has taken a strange antipathy to mo. It is a pain- ful and hopeless case, is it not, Doctor?" There's always hope you know," said Dr. Martin cheerfully, but he shook his head a* the door closed on Mr. Penrhyn's graceful figure. .. ~ i " Mad as the poor fellow I spoke of is, I have far more hope of his cure than of pjor Pen rhyn's. There he OOUIPB " The door was thrown open by an attondant, and most of the company rose, as a voice an nounced, " His Majesty the Tycoon of Japan " A little man entered, faultlessly dressed in evening costume, with diamonds in his shirt front, wbioh shimmered and sparkled in the gas light, and well- fitting white gloves on bis hand He carried A crash-hat under his arm, and, bal for one peculiarity, might have been deemed the best dressed man in any London ball room His hair was as long as a woman's, of silvory whiteness, and was parted in the middle, and allowed to fall over his shoulders io wavy locks. He did not oomo immediately to where the dootor and Mrs. Martin were sitting, and the former took tho opportunity of whispering to Milly that this long hair was the tenure by which his Majesty held sway in various terri- tories on earth, and regulated the phases of tho moon as well. " Don't bo alarmed, if ho salutes you hy pass- ing his fingers through it and spreading it all out," the dootor said. ""It's a favourite trick of bis." JBut the Tyooon was on his best behaviour, and oamo up and saluted the guests very graciously. They rose to receive bim, making profound obeisances, whioh be returned ; but all of a sudden ho hold out his hand to Milly, in a condescending sort of way. " Lady Mountsorrel !" ho said ; " I am glad to meet you onoo more. -I trust my lord is well." " Don't be frightened," tho dootor whispered, seeing her turn suddenly pale " Humour him if you can. He takes you for some one else." " Yea; for my sister who is lost." She strove to bo as calm as she could ; and allowed his Majesty to lead her through a min- uet, which ho had great troublo to make the musioians understand. Ho called har Lady Mountsorrel always, and talked of his lordship, evidontly thinking him alive ; so she knew be must have been insane some years. Ho spoke of Caloutta and things that had happened there daring Daisio's residence in India, but said not a word that could give her any duo to her sis 'tor's fate. She sat down again with a feeling of bitter disappointment. Somehow the mere men- tion of her sister's name tnd roused the hope that never quite slept, that she should seo her sister onoo more. But Dr Martin dashed her oastles in the air ali down, by telling her how long his patient had been insano. His lunacy had dated from within a year of Daisio's going out to India with her husband. Tho Tyooon, whose everyday name was Mr. Garland, had mot Lord and Lady Mountsorrel at Calcutta, where ho bad been secretary to tho Governor General, till stricken by snnstroko. She saw no more of bim, f jr bo grew presently so irate at one of the lady patients declining to dance with him, that the attendants were obliged to inform turn tbat envoys from tho Emperor of China and the Khan of Tartary were craving instant audience with him, and so coax him to his room. Dr. Martin meanwhilo rcuionstrated with the lady who had caused the disturbance, and represented to her how highly-honoured she had been by the request.' " Majesty !" she said, with a toss of her head, and a sniff that made Milly, who was leaning on the doctor's arm, laugh, in spite of her efforts to look grave. " What's Majesty tome? Whore's Bill the Beefer-tho lightest foot and the merri- est heart in all tho commonwealth. Fetch Bill the Beefer. I'm waiting to dance with him." " I don't seo him," Dr. Martin replied. " Try someone else till he comes." " Not for the universe. Not if I never foot it in a mcasaro again. 1 swore an oath." " Ob, keep it, by all moans," he replied, pat- ting her kindly on tho shoulder. " But by tho way, where ii Bill ? I don't seo him " " He's helping YateB in the refractory wards, sir He'll bo here direotly." " We can't allow all our pationts, Miss Gowor,' ' the dootor siid, as they walked away " Tliero are some too bad to bo trusted even boro, wboro there is supervision on all sides. Bill is helping the keepers, I suppose-he often docs. I hope he'll come in before you go, wo all Uko him " Milly sat out the next danoo, and while it was going on a tall, middle-aged man, with a plea- sant, gentle face, and quiok, keen looking eyes, carne into the room. An attendant accom- panied him-they had evidently been about I some business together. He wore the trousers belongiog to the pauper uniform of the asylum -but there all conformity with the rules regard- ing dreSB ended. The rest of his attire con- sisted of a sailor's shirt, open at the throat, with a blaok handkerchief, knotted nndcr tho collar. On his head be bad ablaokglazcd bat,bearing, in gold letters, the name, " H.M S. Bellona." Milly thought bo did not look mach Uko a lunatic, as be came straight up to them with a smile, and touobed his head to the doctor. " Come aboard, your honor," he said. " You're lato, Bill. How is it ?" the doctor replied " Busy ashore, sir," was the answer. " Didn' t know how time was going till I heard oight bells. I haven't boen drinking, sir." " I'm sure you haven't, Bill I'll look over it this once. Here's our ladies aboard, my min. Make your bow to them." " Beg pardon, your honour. Didn't see 'em," the man said, coming up close and bowing " Ay, ay, to be suro, the cap'on's lady, and-" He stopped suddenly, and stood staring at Milly with a curious look in his eye, very liko terror. Ho seemed fascinated by her, and she felt rather frightened. The doctor saw the look, aud laid bis baud on his arm. " There's a lady waiting to dance with you, Bill," he said. " No ono olso will do ; como along." But Bill was not to be enticed away. He put out his finger, and pointed to Milly. ' " I want to dance with her," he said slowly. ' She's oome here on purposo." CHAPTER. XV'. DAISIE'S BRACELET. That he Is mad 'tis trae ; 'Us true, 'tis pity ; And pity 'tis, 'tis true. -ShaKespcarc. "Presently perhaps, Bill," Dr. Martin re- plied kindly, but looking keenly at the man's ex- cited face. " The lady is not going to danoe this time. By-and- by you shall be introduced to her, if she will allow it. See, tho duchess is waiting for you." More than waiting. " The DuchesB," as the fantastio, demented oreature that craved for Bill's company had dubbed herself, was franti- cally beokoning to him, and waving a handker- chief to attraot bis attention ; but Bill paid no heed to her. " If I go, you won't let her go back again ?" be queried, pointing to Milly. " Where to ?" aBked the dootor. For answer, Bill drew oloscr, and whispered something in his ear. " No," was the quiet anawor ; " she shan't go back. I'll see to it " And linking bis arms in his patient's, he led him very unwillingly away to his partner. " Do you know bim, Miss Gower ?" ho askod when he returned to Milly's side. " No." " Are you sure you'vo never seen him bofore?" " Quite. His is a face I could not easily for- got." " He is mistaking you for someone else. Ho whispered a most extraordinary thing to me just now." "About me? " Well, hardly," tho dootor said with a smile. " He said-" But the doctor's specoh was interrupted by a summons to anothor part of the room, and Milly was left with Mrs. Martin. From that lady she learned that Bill the Reefer, as the sailor Was called in the asylum, was a pauper patient, hopelessly insane, and coming from no ope knew where, having been brought to Hanwell from a hospital where be had lain for months with a wound in his head. " He is a quiet, gentle creature," Mrs. Martin said, " but will never be any better. He is very useful in many ways We should bo sorry to lose Bill." " You don't oblige him to wear the uniform, I see," Milly remarked. " Wçcan't," Mrs. Martin replied, with a smilo. " He is a Bailor to tho backbone-the asylum ii a ship, my husband is the oaptain, and the rost ofns are passengers, or crew, or whatever his wayward fanoy prompts. Ho has a hammock to sleep in. They found bim always trying to make one, and sleeping anywhere but on a bed- stead, so, for the sako of peace and quiotness, they humoured bim." " It is very kind of Dr. Martin." "It is the only way, my dear. We don't rule by whips, and ohains, and tortures nowa- days. The committee make a fuss now and thon, and think it ought to be all rulos and regulations with us ;-bat the dootor goes pretty muqh his own way. If Bill had been deprived of his sailor's shirts and hat, and made to sleep in a bed like a landsman, in all probability bQ would have been in the dangerous ward now, instead of being tho useful, inoffensive" creature bo is. " He wears his hat oddly for a sailoi," Milly remarked, as Bill passed them in the dance, »till steadfastly regarding hor, and oblivious of the blandishments of his partner. " What makes him fasten it on ?" " Ab, that's what we can't mako out," Mrs Martin replied. I believe ho sleeps in it. It is tho same he had wh-n he carne hero, and he mends it and covers it himself whon it gets worn He won't allow anyono to touch it, and the slightest attempt to tike it away, or replace it by a now one, causes the most terrible excite- ment. Wo thought at first that ho might have something concealed in it, but the dootor has examined it, and can find nothing. It's an odd fanoy ; but most of them have odd fanoies, poor things ! _My maid, as modest a girl as I ever saw, has periodical fits which lost for .several days, during which time she considers it sinful aud a mark of the degeneraoy of the human raoo to wear any clothes She is shut up now, poor girl, but will bo as well as ever in a week or so " ^lilly was thoroughly interested in tho aneo rCîte she had heard, and presently the danoe ofraed, and there was a genoral move made to tho refreshment -ta'ble at the other end of the room, where a stout sonsy woman, who bad once kept a public-house, presided over a bar, loaded with eatables and drinkables, which the guests called for by any name they chose, and paid-for by tickets supplied to them before- hand. Bill the Beefer was nqMt all gallant to his aristocratie paitnor. Ho''placed her on a seat with a bang the moment tho dance was over, and left her far away from lemonade and enjoy- ment, while he made his way again to the top of the room, and once more stood before Milly. Dr. Martin saw and followed him. ^ - " What is it, Bill ?" he asked. " I want to danoo with her," ho said in the samo strange measured way -in wbioh ho had spoken before. " I must," he added per omptoriiy, and with a look in his face that made' Milly feel frightened Sho had not seen such an expression tliero boforc, and sho lookod at doctor in some alarm. " Aro you afraid ?" he asked. " I hardly know," she replied. " nis manner SCQ<HS strange." "I'll keep close to you, if you will. I am con- vinced ho is perfectly harmless; but I think he has something on his mind which he will tell you" " Don't you bo a whispering to the young lady, cap'n," struck in Bill. " She'll como if you'll let ber." -'i Of course I'll let hor. Como here, Bill; make your best bow. This is Miss Gower ; givo her your arm, and see how gallant you cm be to her. Bill dances very well, Miss Gower; he won't bo much trouble to you." The sailor's faco woro a look of intense relief and gratification as he led Milly away, and she did not feel at all afraid, for the doctor, selecting a faded, worn-looking woman, who had bein sit- ting all the evening waiting for a partner, carne and placed hirneetfnext. to her. Bill was delighted. " That's right, cap'n," ho said, as the band struck up a familiar tuno, and heads and feet be- gan to go to the music " A rtroag nor'-wester's blowln/f. Bill, Dost hear the billows roar now ° Lord help 'cm, how I pities all Unhappy folks ashore now." " Lord, how we use to sing that aboard of the Dorothy Carter, when she was going before the wind like a bird in the air. Tho Dorothy Car- ter was a good ship, and wo were happy in her beforo wo buried her." " Who ?" asked Milly ; but the dootor gave ber a glan co to be Bilont, and Bill pursed up his lips, and simply replied " Uer." They danocd on for some time in silence, Bill marking tho timo with little stamps and taps, which were very fanny. Saddcnly he caught sight of the bracelet on her arm. " Have you got two ?'' ho asked " Two what ?" " Two shining things like that ?" " No ; only ono " Ho seemed puzzled, and presently spoke again. " now did you get out ?" " Out ?" repeated Milly, puzzled. " Yes," ho repeated, pointing to the floor. "Outof the grave, you know, «hereI put you; the others helped, but I did most " Ho had Buok his voice to a whisper, as though he /eared anyono clso should hear. " I have waited for you a long time. I knew you must come some time." " Did you ?" she said,'striving to humour him. " Well, I am here. What do you want with me?" " What do I want?" ho said in a tono of in- tense surprise " Why, you know- they know everything in the other world. I want to give you back the diamonds I took away."v "Diamonds!" " YcSj I wouldn't, only tbey burn my hoad, and will till you get them again T knew you'd come, and I've wa'ched for you uight and day It was very good of you not to oome at night, when it's dark and cold, and every one is asleep but roo." " I don't like dark and oold" said Milly, trying with all hor might to bo very calm, though her heart was beating wildly with undefined appre- hension " I couldn't come in tho night." " I'm glad you didn't. I was afraid you might oome looking as you did there, with long wet hair and eyes wide open, to drag me down with you under tho water You'vo como from beaven, beautifol and alivo, and I'll give them to you " Dr. Martin came close up as ho spoke, and he stopped suddenly. " It's a private matter, cap'n," hesaid, stopping short, " between this young lady and me. I'vo been looking for her a long time." " Can you humour him ?" Dr Martin asked as ho took Milly round in the dance " I am sure he is about to reveal somothiug. Wc will remain close to you." " I am not afraid," sho answered. " Whore is my uncle ?" "Downstairs with Sir Lawrence. I'll sond for him whon this dance is over." Milly's heart was be'atjng wildly at the thought of what the sailor had said to lier. A strange horror had seized her at his mention of diamonds, and his apparent recognition of her bracolet, and she let his largo hand oloso over her waist in a tight grip when the dance was over, as if be was fearful she would slip away from him. The dootor and his assistant watched her. very closely as Bill led her to a scat, but he seemed quito oblivious of any presence save hers. "I haven't got the baby," ho Baid. "One o' my mates took that ; but the diamonds fell off your arm into the bottom of tho boat, and I took them. You wore all white and cold then, you know." " YeB," said Milly, controlling herself by a violent effort, and foroing horsolf to speak calmly; " but that's a long time ago, isn't it ?" " Ah, yes-a many years ; and my head hns burned ever since. It's tho diamonds, you know -they're all alight. If I givo them to you, you won't go back, will you ?" " No, I promise I won't." " Tho little baby will want H'B mother," wont on Bill, a strange pathos coming into his voice. "It cried BO when we took it out of the water ! We cried too when we put you down into that grave-at least the other men did ; I couldn't, you know, becauso of the diamonds. "You Me sure_you won't go back?" " I oan't,' she said quietly. " I have for- gotten tho name of the place." Tho madman looked at her cunningly, and smiled. " And so havo I," he said. " I don't know -I can't remember it. I'm mad, you know." "Don't you think you'll remember it when you give me the diamonds ?" said Milly, her heart wildly boating, though sho kopt her out- ward calmne98._" Perhaps the burning makes you forget." " Perhaps it does ; but if I give them to you you won t go back to that placo and say that Bill the Reefer was a thief, will you ?" "No." " Because I never was, before nor since, and all thiB time I've been keeping them for you. I knew you'd come." " I'll nover say a word," she said gently. "I'll never tell any one, for you are not a thief, you | know,-Bill-you are an honest man." Unoonsoiously she had said jost the right thing-touohed upon a weakness of Bill's", who shook hands with her promptly, and took off his hat. " You shall have them," he said, tearing away at the lining, and dragging the whole crown to pieces in his efforts to get at something whioh was concealed there. Out it came at laBt, flash- ing and sparkling like the fire poor Bill declared it to be, and Milly felt the room turning round with her, and the dancers and lights all whirling into inextrioable confusion before her eyes aa she recognised in the hand of the rough madman at her side her long lost sister's diamond bracelet. V.-.H -wl ,..'>-..I alj..t"Ct.'.lUO.C. It was Daisic's bracelet, thore was not a doubt of that-tho fellow to the one on her arm ; and ~she let Bill olasp it upon ber wrist, feeling as though sbo were in some hidoous dream, from whioh sho should waken to the old feeling of woary sorrow for the sister sho had loved so dearly. It was strange she should oomo to a madhouse to be taken twice in tho same evening for Daisie, and sho sat perfectly still, fearing to disturb the ourrent of Bill's thoughts, and so prevent his telling her more. That he knew j something of hor sister's fate she felt sure. Ho had spoken of burying her-she mast be dead then, and she herself mistaken for the poor corpse this man bad helped to put under the turf. She beckoned Dr. Martin to her side. " What is it ?" he asked. " I hardly know," she" replied. " Re has said some very strange thiogs to mo, and-" She stopped, half afraid to speak, for Bill's band still grasped her wrist, and «he feared she might stop any further communication from him She pointed to the tarnished bracelet on her arm, and tben to the torn hat upon tho floor " Ah, I was not mistaken," the dootor said. " I felt suro that whatevor seoret he was keep- ing had something to do with that hat. We will get him to his own quarters, and then you shall toll mo all aboutit. Como, Bill, it's time for you to turn in You're for the next watch, you know." " Ay, ay, sir." The voioe was so listless and heavy-so un- like Bill's general oheery way of speaking, that Dr. Martin stooped over him and looked into his f.ico. His head was leaning listlessly against the wall, and his eyes were closed, but he re- tained bis firm bold of Mildred's wrist. "Is he ill?" she asked. " I oan hardly tell ; I ara afraid so Do you mind sitting still a moment till the roan is cleared ? This is altogether a new phase of his malady, and if ho were disturbed he might break out, and any exhibitionof cooentricity would make a Babel of the place in a moment." " Don't go away," said Milly in a low tone " He bas given mo a bracelet which belonged to my sister, whom we havo lost for years. It is of tho utmost importaoco that bo should 'speak to mc again. He says he buried our poor Daisie, and took this trinket from ber arm " " Your sister was like you, I presume ?" " Yes " " Tben ho mistook you for her. Ho asked mo not to let you go back to the gravo at Swan- sea, I think he said, but I couldn't catch the name distantly." " Swansea !" " I think that waa the place." " Ho wouldn't, or couldn't tell mc," said Milly, wondering if Bill would rouso to speak again, and whatever could havo taken Djisie if, indeed, ho spoke of hor-to the out-of-tbo way Welsh seaport. CHAPTER XXL FRIENDSHIP. And thus he bore, without abuse 1 he tfrand old name of iïcuUeman, Defamed by every charlatan. And soiled with all ignoble use. - Tennyson. Sir Mark Hawtroe and his friend tho phyti* cian carne back to tho ball-room before the guests had all left it. " Look hero, uncle," Milly Baid, holding up her arm, and showing him the discoloured brace- let the sailor had given her. " Your bracolet, child ! why what has hap- pened to it? I thought it was a risk bringing it hero." " Not mine, uncle-Daisio's." " Daisie's !" "Yes. Hero is mino," and she-showed him her other wrist. " This poor lunatic gave it me out of his hat just now, and said be helped to bury her. Ob, if bo could speak coherently, and tell mc when and how bo got it " Dr. Martin stooped over Bill, whose head had fallen back, and whose eyes were closed as though ho slept. " He will not miss you now, my dear," he said to Milly. " You can tsko your haDd away ' I She drew it gently from the clasp of his big I brown fingers, and they fell inert and lifeless by Bill's side. The two doctors looked at one an- other. " I expectod this," Dr. Martin said. " HÍB one complaint has always been that something burned his bead. I suspect it was the possess- ion of that bracelet." " Hosaidjustnoff that the burning was gone," said Milly. " Do you think that it will do him any harm ? Ho seemed to get stupid the mo ment he gave mo the diamonds." I " I hope it won't. Sometimes, when a long- j standing terror or anxiety is removed from the mind of an insane person, reoovory follows. Some- times-" " What?" " Death, Miss Gower. Don't look so fright- ened. It is quite possible that Bill may rouse to bo better and brighter than he has ever been in his life before." " I hope he will-not altogether for my own sake, though I shall be very thankful to know moro if ho can ever tell me any more ; but I shall feel as if I bad something to do with his illness -wore the cause of it in some way." " Don't think so for a moment, my dear. Wo have seen the change coming to Bill for a long timo ; his Bceing you maj.have hastened it a little -that is all. Ifwoultrh^ve como about in somo other way if you bad not been here. Come down to our room, and don't think any more about it now. They will get him to bed, and we shall hoar how he is in tho course of half au hour." " No chango," was the report brought down- stairs presently. Bill the Reefer bad been put into an ordinary bed without his hat, and had neither noticed one or the other, and the keepers gave it as their opinion that ho would take no moro notice of anything in this world. Milly went away with her undo, Dr. Martin promising to havo everything Bill said noted down for her, and that if he rousod to anything like consciousness or luoidity she should be sent for. But it was not to be-with the morning Bill roused onco moro to sight and hearing, but not to sense. He was dying-drifting away on the hoaving ocean of life, every moment bringing him nearer to the one when he shonld step from the fraitraft of Time on to the ship of Eternity, and report himself *' Come aboard, sir," to a Captain who allows no going ashore. His attendants could make nothing connected out of his low muttered ramblings. Ho kept ou talking feobly about the dead woman who had como back from the grave to danes with him, and lay very quiet, seemingly waiting for nothing and recognising no one. The doctor and bia wife oamo in and out, but only to find him lying with a faoo as placid as a Bleeping child's, smiling and muttering to himself. AU day he lily so, and never spoke again savo in tho last momont His eyes opened and wandered rest- lessly round the room. Dr. Martin bent over him. " Bill," he said softly. The restless hands steadied themselves on the coverlid, and tho glazing eyes brightened for a ' moment at tho sound of the familiar voice. " Do you know me, Bill ?" , " Ay, ay, eap'n. Come aboard, sir." i It was the last effort-tho last flash of the sonse and vitality on this side of the gravo. With utterance of the words the light died out of the eyes, the head fell back, and Bill the Reefer's poor muddled brain shono bright and clear upon another world Ho was gone, and with him all he could have told of the fate of Daisie Gower. He had no friends, save those his kindly ways and inoffensive habits had won for him within tho asylum walls-no relations, no name evon ; as " Bill" x>nly they had received him from the hospital-as Bill they buried him ; and when the sods had fallen upon his ooffin lid, many an inmate of the asylum felt as though they had lost a friend. His , helping hands and cheery " Ay, ay, sir," when ho was dead, could not be replaced, and many a tear fell for poor Bill the Reefer from eyoB as unused to tho molting mood as his own had been. Dr. Martin sent the news of his death to Sir Mark Hawtree, and Milly Gower heard it with a sharp pang of pain. A chance, if only a slight one, had gone with him of finding out something about Daisie's fate But Bill tho Reefer and his strange words were soon forgotten in the sorrow of far graver tidings whioh came over tho sea from Australia.' The young man who had been despatched to BarrowneBS wrote to say that he had arrived there in safety only to find it untenanted and empty. Letters and papera were lying at the nearest poBt ornoo for .Mr. Poroival Grower, and he recognised ono among them aB his own writing- tho announce- ment sent by -the firm he served of the death of Mr. Gower, sen.," and two others written by Milly herself. All that was known was that Mr. Gower bad mounted his horse one morning and ridden off, saying he should be away a few days What bad become of him' no one knew. ¡The prevailing id sa seemed to be that he had met with some disaster in the bush, and would never come baok any more, 1 ^ r .j. 1 ,UO uiw --vt... It was terrible news for poor Milly to re- ceive. . She could not guess that her bro was safe, if not well, in the hut of another old friend whom she never expected to see again in this world, and she could only wait for further tidings with the heart-sickness that is born of the misery of hope deferred. Percival Gower was fast returning to health and strength by the time that his unole and sister beard he was missing, and we willgobaok in our story a little to tho two exiles, so far away from homo and friend?. Edgar Gwynne found Barrowness, and ma,de the acquaintaioco of Sampson Furze and Mehi table, his wife, a queer-looking eouplo, in the most primitive costume, and of sucht aoiturn habits that they scarcely opened their mouths to oxpres» regret at what had befallen their master, or surprise at tho advent of a stranger. * It was some days before he was able to leave tbem to return homo, they insisted on render- ing so literal on account of their stewardship, and going so minutely into all their aooounts. Barrowness had not suffered in their keeping. " I'm afraid I'vo bad news for you, Gower," ho said, when ho was once more Beated by his friend's side in bis own little hut. " There are blaok-bordered letters among these despatches from home " "I know the news, my dear follow-my father is dead." " How did you hear it ?" " It was the first thing I read in the paper you left me." " And they are advertising for you right and left now. See, here is a Sydney Intelligencer. Look,you'll hear ' something to your advantage,' if you apply at this address." " Something to my advantage," said Peroival, bitterly. " Is it to my advantage to lose the best father that ever man had? It is a bitter price to pay for being master of Garsfield " " It must be somctbiug to be able to mourn for a father as you do," Edgar Gwynne said, with a sad tone in his voice. " I was never of enough consequence to make any bond between us. I was only a younger son-a créature of cot half as much value to him as the horses in the stable or tho trees on the estate. It must be a luxury to feel as you feel." " I may well mourn for my father, Gwynne. I have been bnt a fcrapograco son to bim, and be was just beginning to feel that I was not qnito lost to bim. I have his last letter in my pocket, writing with saoh hope and joy, talking of having his son come back to him to comfort bis old age ; and now-" He bowed his head upon his hands and sobbed, for ho was weak still, and his friend laid h:s hand upon hia shoulder. " Be a man, Gower," he said, " and think of Mildred-Miss Gower I should say. She will want you home now." " Poor Milly-call her Milly, Gwynne, nothing else-it will bave been a bitter blow to her. Bead her letter, Gwynne; it is just like her own sweet self- gentle, womanly, and kind '» Edgar Gwynne took the letter, while his friend busied himself with the more official-looking documents which had accompanied it. The handwriting reminded him, with a sharp pang of bitter memory, of tho lost Daisie ; it was sin- gularly like ber delioato penmanship. The style and mode of expression brought her still more forcibly, and sent bim into a reverie of recollec- tion whioh only Poroival's laying down his let tors broke into. "So you 8re master of Garsfield, Gower," ha said. " Even BO." " And I shall lose you, and all the pleasant castles I have been building in the air about our future intercourse will tnmble into ruins "Why?" "You will go home at once when you aro strong enough, of course." " I suppose I shall " " And will not that be losing you ? I oan't mount a horso and ride over the sea, with Nell at my heels, to pay you a visit. We shall be ten thousand miles apart, old fellow." " Ay, too far for a friendly visit," said Perci val Gower, with a laugh that had a sob in if " But-" " But what ?" " I don't see why we Bhould be separated." " How ?" " Como home with me, Gwynne. Comebaok and take your proper place in the world aa a bar- onet's son and a gentloman, instead" of wearing your life out in the Australian bush. Nature meant you for a guardsman, and not an Anstra \- - * " <=-".-"» "?"* "o'1 au Austra- lian farmer. "But nature did not endow me with any money to keep up my pretensions," said Edgar Gwynne sadly. «No, no, Gower; I oan't go home. I hadn t muoh fortune, and it has all gone in this God-forgotten hole. I should starve m England, and would rather do it here out of sight, like tho wild animals in their holes You are quite right, I am no more fit to be au Australian farmer than Nell is to be your sister's lapdog." "Ah, don't talk like that; I don't like to hear you Try and look hopefully on the future, and oome home." "No, I oan't do that; but I'm not going to mopo. I'm rather down at the thought of los- ing you-that's all. Old Bellows isn't much in the way of company, and Nell can't speak, but I shall get along; ahd thero ara mails and letters to look forward to, thank Heaven !" " I wish I could persuade you Let me help you ; lot mo be your banker, Gwynne, till better days oome round ; and they will-be sure of it.'« "You aro very gonerous, very kind," said Mgar Gwynne, tears springing to his eyes: but don t try to tempt me. I'll have one moro try for independence-one more effort to mend my broken fortunes, before I give up in despair. You'll think of me sometimes when you re monarch of all you survey at Garsfield." " Think of you ! Don't I owe uiy life to you Garsfield would be masterless at this moment but for you. Como home-you'll never mend youl- * fortunes hero." S&£¿ "I'll try." ~ "Leavo it alone, and let tho world tjiipk you've been successful. It will do just as well as tho real thing." " No." " You are an obstinate fellow, and you'll go headlong to ruin for tho sake of your pride; but seriously Gwynne, if you won't go home-" " I can't." "Well, wo won't disouss that any more. How should you like to tako Barrowness off my hands?" ' "Ah, there's hope in that plan. A man might do something there," said Edgar Gwynne. " I think/ could farm Barrowness; but, Gower) I oan't do that cither. I haven't found gold in this swamp of mino yet, and I haven't a farthing in the world to pay for it. Barrowness will soil well " | " I don't want to sell it. You shall bo my tenant. The place will pay rent easily, and I won't be an exaoting landlord. If you can agree with Sampson and his wife, they are excellent managers, and you'll find them faithful, honest servants What do you say ? Will you take the place off my hands ?" " That I will, and thank you for the chanoe," said Edgar Gwynne, his eyes lighting up wjth life and hope. " But you'd make a better thing of it if you sold it. There isn't a better place in all New South Wales." " I prefer keeping it," said Percival Gower with a smile We'll go over as soon as possible and Eettlo matters. I'll write home at onoe." Edgar Gwynne felt like a man in a dream as he went over tho well-stocked farm at Barrow- ness, and saw tho stores and buildings. It was a prosperous, flourishing concern, and made hope spring up brightly in his heart that he might prosper yet. Sampson Furze and his wife received the nowa of the ohange of masters, and of Peroiyal Gower's accession to fortune and station, with the samo stolidity they would have shown had it been merely aome trivial every-day affair that was to bo settled. They expressed themselves willing to stay with the new tenant, and BO the matter was settled. " I have some home mementos here, Gwypne," Percival Gower said, when they wero onoo more alone in his comfortable snuggery. "That drawing of Garsfield there ia Milly's doing. Shall I leave it for you?" * '' " For me ?" " Yes , It will remind you of na. You used to like Milly" "Like h<r 1 I loved her dearly, as a brother might. I shall like to keep the drawing." " And she will like to think of you haying it. She always liked you. Poor Milly 1 I wodHor she don't marry." " She was a lovely girl." " She's just aB lovely as a woman. Sir Mark -that's my unole, you know-thinks far more of her than he does of his own daughter. Not not that that's muoh wonder ; "for qf all ¿b,e cantankerous, iU-conditioned women I ever -¿ Imet, my oousin, Mrs. Nelatoi}, ia. the wor^t." \^ "" A <Î6? .We ^ï8 -fipfg^ .at fercWW'íWÍ ^ then the time carne for PeroiviA Go^r .^o go jj» Sydney, and Bail away in the good ship Galatea, for England and Garsfield. He had already paid one visit to Sydney to settle eome law ' business, he said ; on whioh expedition he was j rather mysterious, and deolined his friend's j company. j It was with a very full heart that Edgar ; Gwynne watched the ship steam away out of the i harbour, and turned back for his solitary journey ! to Barrowness " It is better as it is, Nell," he said to the > dog, which had acoompaoicd him. " You and j I are not wanted in polite sooiety. But be has j made a new life for us, my dog ; and we'll prove worthy of it." . Nell's appreciation of the good things of ' Barrowness WBB wonderful,-and her master's also, when he found a dry, warm room waiting for him, and all sorts of oomforts unknown daring his lonely life in the woods. Mrs. Furze presented him with a packet when he had finished his supper. A man on horseback had brought it the preceding day, she deolared ; but she had not asked him what it was, or where he same from. Mrs. Furze had no notion of wastiog anything-not even her breath. Edgar Gwynne dismissed her to bed, and opened the paper, which he read, with hot tears of gratitude welling to his eyes, and dropping pn Nell's silky head. It was a deed of gift, properly drawn up and signed, and sealed, of the lands, tenement, and stock of the farm of Barrowness, in Wynyard oounty, New South Wales, to Edgar Gwynne and his heirs for ever, from his grateful friend, Percival Gower. (To be continued.) 