CITY COUNCIL. A special meeting of the City Council was held on Monday evening, the 25th inst. Present :— The Chairman and Crs. Chipper, Wilkinson, Stone, Letch, Church- yard, Dyson, Hewlett, Smith, Jewell, Backshell, and Summers. INDECENT BATHING. A letter from Mr. Walter Liddelow, calling attention to the indecent practice of nude bathing, daily indulged in by boys, under public gaze, in a pool of water contiguous to the Pound, was referred to the police authorities. TOWN HALL. An application from Mr. S. M. Stout for the free use of the Town Hall, next Sunday afternoon, for the purpose of holding a religious service in connection with the order of Good Templars, at which the Rev. Mr. Gardner had promised to officiate, elicited a good deal of conver- sational discussion. The general feeling among the councillors was favorable to the holding of such services, if convinced of the bona fides of the application, and it were shown that it emanated from the Good Templars as a body, and not from a section of the order. There was nothing on the face of the application to show that the writer had been delegated by the Order to make it, and it was resolved that the Chairman should ascertain whether or not the projected services were to be held under the joint auspices of the various Good Templar lodges or whether the scheme was a crochet of an insignifi- cant section of the order. FIRE ENGINE. Cr. SMITH, the chairman of the com- mittee appointed to make arrangements for the reception and storage of the Fire Engine and the various appliances apper- taining to it, brought up the committee's report. The East end of the market place was recommended as the most suitable place for the purpose. The report was adopted. FIRE BRIGADE. The CHAIRMAN read the following letter which he had received from Captain Hillman, commanding the M. R. Volun- teers, relating to the formation of a Fire Brigade: — Hay Street, Perth, 14th October, 1876. SIR,— The City Council having ordered a Fire Engine, which is expected to arrive very shortly, it becomes highly desirable that an organised body of men should be trained for the efficient working of the same in case of emergency. My thoughts have long been directed to this object, and I have had it brought more prominently under my notice lately by a reference to myself contained in the published reports of the City Council proceedings. I now therefore beg to suggest, that, on its arrival, the engine be handed over to a Fire Company, to be raised by myself, and which shall consist mainly of members of the Metropolitan Rifle Volunteers, and that I be appointed an authorised com- mander of such company. In making this proposition, I wish to state that I feel considerable delicacy in thus putting myself forward, as I have at present but a very imperfect knowledge of the details connected with the efficient working of a fire engine, — although I anticipate no difficulty in acquiring this knowledge,— and there are many men quite as well fitted for such a post. My only reason for thus volunteering for the responsible position arises from the fact that I have already under my command a body of men num- bering upwards of 130, who, I may say, are in a good state of discipline, and, by their respective vocations are used, not only to hard work, but also to work of a nature likely to be useful for forming the necessary material for an efficient Fire Company, such as machinists, carpenters, shinglers, bricklayers, &c.;, &c.; These men are already accustomed to receiving and executing commands given by me, and this, I think, in itself forms a good reason why they might, after a little special training become an efficient Fire Company. The minor details must, of course, be left to be decided by actual experience, but I may state that the following comprise my rough ideas for organizing the corps :— 1st: — I would nominate a captain to have the special charge of the engine itself, whose duty it would be to see that the engine and all articles connected with it were constantly kept in a proper state for immediate use, and who would maintain a strict supervision whilst the engine was in action, and for this purpose I would suggest Mr. John Summers, who has signified his willingness to co-operate with me, and is specially fitted for the post by bis knowledge of machinery, &c.; 2nd. — The members of the corps would be divided into separate squads of ten or twelve men, numbered consecutively, and each squad appointed to work a particular part of the engine. Thus, on the alarm of fire being given the first men of each squad who arrived at the station would, proceed to take charge of their special apparatus, or part of the engine, and make their way to the fire. 3rd. — The squad nominated for carrying the hose on to a roof, directing the jet, using the buckets, &c;, &c.;, would be se- lected from those whose occupations render them specially fitted for working in such positions, whilst those of the corps less used to labor under such circumstances would be told off to man the engine, convey the hose reel, extend the hose, and so on. 4th. — Two small squads would be told off to work the Portable Fire Pumps, whose duty it would be to proceed direct to the nearest water supply, and keep the cistern of the engine, in which the suction hose is placed, full of water. 5th. — After each squad is properly in- structed as to its position and special duties, it would be essential to have at least one drill a month, conveying the engine to a supposed fire and thoroughly testing the efficient working of the whole corps, which drills might be held in the evening. 6th. — I should consider it a primary duty to ascertain the supply of water obtainable in different parts of the city, by measuring the depth of water in various wells in accessible positions, for, in the event of a large fire occurring, two sources of water supply only exist at present, — (1st) the river, which, I think from the length of hose sent with the engine, might be made available for most of the houses in St George's Terrace; and (2nd) the main drain, which could be used with advantage for the whole of Murray Street, and a great portion of Hay Street. It would add much to the efficiency of the drain as a water supply in the event of fire if some means were devised by which the flow of water could be quickly arrested at two or three different places in its course, thus forming a temporary reservoir. 6th.— The present alarm bell is too small, and is badly placed. I would suggest the fixing of a larger bell to an iron frame to be attached to the railing outside the Town Hall Tower, and which could be rung by a line descending to the ground and used by the police on duty at the central station, in case of emergency. Such are a few ideas on the subject of a Fire Company, necessarily crude and im- perfect at present, but which can be easily enlarged upon and improved by experience. In conclusion I wish to state that there is a general desire on the part of the Metropolitan Rifle Volunteers that they should be entrusted with the engine, as they wish to demonstrate to their fellow citizens that their military organization and instruction has not been useless ; and if the City Council think well of my pro- position, they may rely on our using our best exertions to supply a most pressing want, and to become efficient as quickly as possible. Apologising for the length of my com- munication, for which the important nature of the contents must be my excuse, — I have, &c.;, A. J. HILLMAN, Captain Commanding M.R.V. An animated conversation ensued, re- sulting in the application being referred to the Fire Engine Committee, who will re- port on the feasibility of the scheme put forward by Captain Hillman, which, we may say, met with very general appro- bation. Mr. Summers was deputed, mean- time, to put the engine in working order. Some farther business was transacted, but the nature thereof did not transpire at the reporters' table, the sweet and gentle voices of the councillors being over- powered by the still sweeter strains of music emanating from an enthusiastic body of amateurs, who held a rehearsal in the Hall while the "conscript fathers" were conducting their deliberations. Fully imbued with the belief that "music hath charms," against which even the com- bined eloquence of the corporate wisdom embodied in and personified by the City Council has not the ghost of a chance, the Chairman very wisely adjourned the meeting, until Friday, the 5th proximo. 