A GHOST STORY. The Tumut correspondent of the Gunclagai Times is accountable for the following,: — " Dur ing the past Aveek one chief topic of conversa tion among local gossips has been the vagaries of the Windowie ghost. Were Aveto assert our disbelief in the existence of ghosts in general, and in this one in particular, Ave should probably incur the displeasure of some reader with spirit ualistic proclivities, so Ave fox the present refrain from expressing an opinion upon the subject, and merely relate the facts which have so come under our. notice, leaving the public to draw their oavu conclusions. We dp not give credence to all the marvellous stories current about this local appar ition j but it is heypnd dispute that any number of residents have seep something mysterious, and Ave have been at soine pains to glean the follow-, ing details. One evening last week a yery old resident at Windowie observed a female in white on the fiat near his dwelling, and remarked ' Mrs. R. is late putting up her chicks' — Mrs. R. being a neighbour of hi, and the only female, besides those of his oavu family, likely to be there at that time of night ; but- on subsequent inquiry at Mrs. R.'s place it was found that she had not left the house all that eA'ening, This incident occasioned but little comment until the following occurred : — Late on the night of Thursday, the 12th September, the road party at work on the WindoAvie contract had retired to their hut, and one of their number, Mr. A., Avas in the act of bathing his feet, Avhen his attention Avas attracted by a slight noise outside. He called to C., one of his mates, to run out to the dray and see if some one was not stealing the harness. C. went outside, hut quickly returned, pallid of aspect, and Avith heads of sweat upon his brow, saying, ' It's a ghost !' The third occupant of the hut, haA'ing no desire to inter\'ie\v the nocturnal visitor, drew the blanket OA'er his head and re mained where he was ; but A., who has pluck enough to face a legion of hobgoblins, rushed outside, and beheld, sure enough, standing near the dray, a regular conventional ghost, viz., a tall figure Avit'n extended arms draped in white. 'Ah,' exclaimed A., 'I guess you Avant one of my horse-collars ; but just wait a second, and I will give you a striking proof of my liberality.' So saying, A. sang out to his mate to hand him a long-handled hammar, and armed Avith this Aveapon rushed upon the enemy ; but the blow fell harmless, for the ghost vanished at once. Owing to the darkness of the night, and the ground: around covered Avith thistles, A., who MM was barefooted, considered pursuit of the ghost unadA'isable, else we might haA'e heard the last of this WindoAvie Avoman in white. Since Avrit- ing the above, Ave IiaAe heard that another of the ghostly fraternity has been playing high pranks in another part of our district. In one instance, we understand, a marriage had been arranged, and everything Avent smoothly till the eve of the wedding, Avhen a ghost appeared upon the scene, and we suppose from what folloAved forbad the banns, as the bride elect, in consequence of re- a'elations made to her by the supernatural a'isitor, has determined to forego matrimony for the pre sent." 