IN THE SENATE. , SWEARING-IN A MINISTRY. For some days past llic rumors about the fate o£ the Ministry; have been legion inten-. sificd. Certain gentlemen would tell you tliat by the Ministry hadn't the smallest ghost of a show.; that .tlioy would be sent out by tho neck and shoulders quicker than they came in; and that by so and so, there would bo' a new world altogether. Others again would swear by all thnt was holy that the Ministry would keep their seats until they wore glued to thom. Of course these rumors led one to believe that some terrible dciwiw. meiit was to take placo yesterday,, and consequently the galleries were full to over flowing. There wasn't room to swin g a small cat. As I sat me down and watched the members come in I confess I felt much excited, juBt as if a diminutive earthquake was beneath my feet, and I expected it to burst, causing myself and others to cast sundry flipflaps over Mr Wood's celebrated ventilator. The Speaker took the chair to a thin house. The Opposition Benches were fairly crowded, hut there were only four or five members on the ministerial Benches, and they looked as if half ashamed of them selves. Presently, however, a buzz arose, and I beheld a most curious, and to my mind ludicrous procession, Five or six ministers entered arm-in-arm with two friends. Mr Berry came up smiling, packed between Mr, Higinbotham and Mr A. T. Clark. It was a ludicrous sight. Why cannot some better and more sensible way of swearing in mem bers bo discovered ? I defy anyone to keep from laughing when ho' beheld, the Interest ing sight last night. The first batch having been sworn in, they shook hands" with Mr Speaker, and walked to their seats, looking very happy, .while .their friends also took their places.' And now, at a signal,- in came the last batch, in n flutter that all men just going into a new line - must feel, from the youth who leads his bride to the altar, to the Premier who seizes the reins of power. They, too, were perfunctorily dis posed of, and took their seats. Ah I was this not the happiest, moment in .'your lives'. John Woods of Crowlands, and William Collard of Ballnrat? Has it not been the dream of your lives for years, Have ye not looked at these benches with all the earnest longing of aspiring souls, until your eyes have grown dim with tho tears of disappoint ment 1 -Ah I me, can I not understand your feelings— cannot the small boy who has loooked longingly at an apple on a high tree, until a chance wind sent it right into his mouth 1 Bitting there, did ye riot ask yourselves if it was not a dream — a delight ful but -evanescent dream? In the words of BaDquo — " Then has it now, King Oawdor, Glamis, all As the weird women promised." Mr Berry rose and made his speech. A very mild, hesitating, uncertain speech it was. He seemed as if overwhelmed with his position, as indeed did all his colleagues. Mr Berry in sketching an outline of the minis- terial programme gave us very little new ; indeed he was as cautious and general as possible. But I must do this jnBtice to Mr Berry, that uis apeeeh was gentlemanly, and conciliatory. He had a good chance to hit out ngniust tho late Ministry for that abomi nable (job, the destruction of the bills, but he merely alluded to it advantitiously, just to show the difficulty thepreseut Government would have in getting measures ready. Mr Gillies shifted uneasily on his seat, and seemed inclined to let out, but restrained himself, to an interjection. Mr Berry never rose to anything like deolnmation — he was cold and hesitant throughout. He sat down as it he felt considerably relieved, And now from tho Phalanx of Discomfited arose Mr Korferd, smiling, jocose, benevolent. He seemed absolutely overflowing with good nature and jocularity, just like a schoolboy wiio has got out of school and skips along the highway carolling his songs. Through out his speech he was monitory but plnyful ; thete was an unction in his . utterance that reminded one tf George Coppin, that serious legislator. But all Mi Ker- ford's playfulness and badinage could not ex cuse him for the gross prevcrsity of his action ia causing the bills to be destroyed. That was no playing matter. What the country think of it he will find out before he sits ou the ministerial benches. Tho Opposite Bench was strong. There sat the grim Mackay, facing his ancient enemy, Major Smith, with a sort of scowl on is saturnine face. Tho Hon. J. J. Casey came in later in the sitting, and Mr M'Der- mott made room for him, but he turned away and went over to the hack benches to talk to some one. I did not think that J. J. cared much for sitting near to the excitable member for Ballarat. This array of ex-ministers on the opposition benches, must sorely vex the souls of certain mem bers in the opposition corner, who desire that a Ministry of new men should bo formed. There is no chance for them now ; if the Berry Ministry is turned out, the Kerferd erowd must return to office. It is not pleasant. If anyone asks me what will be the upshot of the matter, I reply dissolution. The pre sent House is utterly demoralised. Let us have new men altogether. I would not give . sixpence for the lot. 