IRELAND, The Fbeeman's Journal on ' Peteb Paul M'SwiNEY.' Great commotion has been caused in the Irish political world primarily by the circular (which was published in our mail news last week) of tli9Lord Mayor of Dublin proposing the formation of a National O'Connell Com mittee whose motto should be 'Faith, and Fatherland,' and secondly, by ah article in the Freeman's journal, of September 16, virulently attacking 'Peter Paul M'S winev' for having issued the circular, and for the course he pursued during the recent O'Con nell celebration. The circular of the Lord Mayor, it should be premised, was dated the 8th of August, the day after the close of the Centenary fetes but it did not See the light, so far as the general public are concerned uatil it was published in the Daily Express of the loth September'.' The Freeman begins by describing tbe circular as 'one of the most remarkable documents ever contributed to the tangled web of Irish politics.' l*lie Freeman continues j— ' The appearance of this circular is the proverbial * last straw,' the drop that fills the cup of patience. There never was a man in this country to whom the people have been so long tolerant as they have been to the Lord Mayor. For ourselves, we confess that we have sinned as popular journalists in not before this giving utterance to the uni* versal opinion as to some of the doings of the Lord Mayor, There never yet lived the man who ought so heartily to indorse the prayer contained in the hackneyed lines of Burns. There never lived the man to whom* the gift. of ( seeing himself as others sec him ' would be so useful as to the present Chief Magistrate of Dublin. The Lord Mayor is, no doubt, in many aspects a model Irishman. In his private life he is a most kindly, stainless, amiable, hospitable gentleman .; in his busi ness career he has won ferriarlrabie success by mingled enterprise and probity. But we must stop here. It is possible for a man to be a good family man, a respectable citizen, an enterprising merchant, and yet to be in politics a mischievous and conceited fool. We have no idea, indeed, of applying iny terms so harsh to the Right Honourable the Lord Mayor. But it is our duty to tell him that lie mistakes his capacity for public life. It is plain that he believes himself to be a great political personage. In that opinion he stands absolutely alone. It is not shared by the humblest of his admirer's, the stoutest of his trenchermen. It is. an in tellectual heresy, with Peter Paul M'Swiney on one side and all the world on the other. 'The Lord Mayor's action all through the affair of the Centenary lias been characteris tic. On the one hand he was, as his nature is, most generous and hospitable. On the other the mocking lights of vanity and am bition always fitted before his eyes and led him from quagmire to quagmire* The Cen tenary was a success in spite of, and not on account of. the Lord Mayor, and the sooner hegrasp3 this fact the better for himself. And now, to crown all, conies this mischiev ous production— the circular. What does it mean % What does this talk about '.Faith and Fatherland,' about J temporal and eter nal interests,' mean ? If it means anything, in the first place, it means this. It means that the Lord Mayor proposes to degrade the Centenarv to sectarian ends, to found in connection with that event, and under th& great name of O'ConrielL, a political associa tion to which none but Catholics are to be admitted, and, and from which the Protestant Irishman is to be excluded. The man in whose brain this notable idea was conceived no more understands the spirit of the time and the necessities of the hour than if he were some Yenatian Doge of the mid dle age suddenly summoned from, his marble tomb under the dome of St. . Mark's. To weld Ireland into a nation, to unite on the same platform Catholic and Protestant, to banish sectarian feuds from the arena of politics* to make all Irishmen feel that they are, brothers— these are the healthy, ideas now coursing through every artery of. the Irish body politic, and promising, for our land a futuie as glorious . as . her past, was dark. When Ireland forgets the past— when she forgets the glorious services of her Protestant patriots, of the men who pleaded and prayed who lived and died for .her— then, indeed,' the cup of her shame will be filled up,- the doom of an apostate nation written on her wall. When on the lips of Irishmen the name ofPlunketis a hissing and disgrace, when Irish have ceased to admire the splen did career of Curran, when the last spark of interest ceases to centre round the walls of the SsijfltoJ-T-msowl'.f'iv QT.iny,;.. fcuiui.:tare-!,Mr the spot-wiiere Eininr.!; dl;-:.?, or f.ho prison wails from, which the pure spirit of the martyred Geraldine winged its heavenward flight— . . :l '„.;?- ??::,: '? ;. ..,,'[? ? i«,'r &.ij -:?,;'? then, and not till then, will the hour have arrived for founding Mr. M'Swiney's ' Na tional Committee.' Leb us implore him, however, not to connect with his notable project the name of O'Connell. He laboured for country, not for sect; for the first half of his life he toiled to make all Irishmen equal, for the, last to make all Irishmen free ; he loathed every narrow idea, and we can well imagine the godlike scorn with which he would in his lifetime have crushed the pious fool who would have suggested the exclusion of Pro testants from the Repeal Association. What object, we ask, save to feed personal vanity, can be pleaded for the formation of a new politico-religious association ? In the religious world the Catholics have, we repeat . a nioat prosper ous, potent and influential organization In the world of politics the country's needs are amply supplied, its wishes faithfully observed, by the Home Rule Association, whose principles have been solemnly adopted by a great council of the nation, whose plat form has been indorsed at the hustings, whose programme receives the support of the mass of the .people,- and of those noble pioneers of the Irish' patriot party, the Catho lic clergy of Ireland. The country wants none of Mr. M'Swiney's nostrums. His project of anew association, with the ' Lord Mayor of Dublin ' its Alpha and Omega, its Be-all and End-all, its bright, particular star, will perish stillborn., No political enter prise can succeed in Ireland which seeks ho galvanize the dead bones of sectarian hate, to use the holy name of religion, not as a spell to lay discord, but as an incantation to banish peace. At former periods the Lord Mayor's proposal might have deserved con sideration. At the present moment it is clearly an attempt to fonlent a splic in the camp of Irish nationality. Such an attempt is an act of high treason against the nation, and deserves universal condemnation. ' Faith and Fatherland ' is a noble motto, but it may be used to degrade the first, aud to destroy the second. We deeply, regret if; in the remarks we have made, we have said anything offensive to so eminent a citizen and so amiable a man as the Lord Mayor ; but there are time when a journalist must stifle every other feeling, and boldly speak out the words of truth. and common sense.' The cither nationalist papers speak out in the same tone. The Irishman says :— 'There is surely something exquisitely comical in professing a desire to ' unite ' Ire land by dividing Irishmen. Indeed, the comedy changes into broad farce when it is proposed to. do this in the nanie of one whose every act denounced it, and to profess to follow O'Connell by turning one's back upon his leadership, and forswearing his principles. We say it will amuse the people, but only because the project cannot claim even the gho.st of an existence. The ? National As sociation' is dead, and will not be resuscitated The new nation falls stillborn — the chick will never chirrup — the egg is addled in the ! mare's nest/' . The Lord Mayor, who was staying atLis doonvarna, showeredjtelegrams broadcast. In addition to one sent to the Daily Express avowing^ the circular, the following telegram sent to the Freeman is published by that journal :— * ' From the Lord Mayor of Dublin, Lisdoonvarna, to the Editor of the Freeman's j Journal, Dublin. — Again at your congenial i work, misrepresentation and distortion. How i Jike the mixed system of which the Freeman j is the type and ernbodiment ! How, like the | godless training which set aside * Faith and ! Fatherland' for the neutral tint. You a.re I neither fish or flesh, 'nor even a good red ' herring.' This neutral tint pervades your ' audacious article of yesterday. You and your colleagues are avowed Federalists, but dare not say so. You seek to cheat the ! country by imposing Upon it a spurious j article. Federalism is no more O'Connell's i teaching than the Freeman is a faithful j interpreter of the wants and aspirations of J the people, whom ih, misleads. When the ; mask is fully removed the people will cry down yoiir neutral tint add denounce your Federal scheme; Foolish and vaiu as you depict me, my ambition shall be to help to remove that mask. You. know that I am no bigot — that I abomina.te sectarianism. While besliraing me. with, your fulsome praise you seek to affix that stain, upon my public . life, which the country shall judge betWen'us.'. , The Freeman .observes upon this:— ' '??-'' Charity induces us,' to refrain from characterizing ,the above production. We earnestly i trust that ^ few days' quiet and reflection: may induce the Lord Mayor to re member that, even' if he forgets himself, he should bear in, mind that he owes something to the position in which the citizens of Dublin have placed; him, and that he should reserve his incoherent telegrams until he is relieved . of a responsibitity which commences to be too heavy for him. We cannot reason or argue with a man in the mental condition to which his Lordship seems to be reduced. The spectacle is in truth, lamentable, and com mmd- our piJy wbilfv It disarms om* resent ment.' ? The Bolfa3-, Morning News, a Catholic J journal, referring to the controversy, says :— ? | ? '1 ^ Athe Ijord Mayor's scheme is not prod jected to weaken, with the object of ultimately supplanting; the Home Rule Association, ft is utterly purposeless. This, we hold, is the plain, common sense view of the question. The Lord Mayor is noli well affected ftowa rdtf fcne Home.Kule Association, which embraces men of every shade of Religious profession, and we have no doubt he would gladly see rival a society in existence similar to that mentioned m his circular,' 